THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY A MAGAZINE OF LITERATURE , ART , AND POLITICS VOL . I — JANUARY , 1858 .— NO . III . NOTES ON DOMESTIC ARCHITECTURE . If building many houses could teach us to build them well , surely we ought to excel in this matter . Never was there such a house-building people . In other countries the laws interfere ,— or customs , traditions , and circumstances as strong as laws ; either capital is wanting , or the possession of land , or there are already houses enough . If a man inherit a house , he is not likely to build another ,— nor if he inherit nothing but a place in an inevitable line of lifelong hand-to-mouth toil . In such countries houses are built wholesale by capitalists , and only by a small minority for themselves . And where the man inherits no house , he at least inherits the traditional pattern of one , or the nature of the soil decides the main points ; as you cannot build of brick where there is no clay , nor of wood where there are no forests . But here every man builds a house for himself , and every one freely according to his whims . Many materials are nearly equally cheap , and all styles and ways of building equally open to us ; at least the general appearance of most should be known to us , for we have tried nearly all . Our public opinion is singularly impartial and cosmopolitan , or perhaps we should rather say knowing and unscrupulous . All that is demanded of a house is , that it should be of an “ improved style , ” or at least “ something different . ” Nothing will excuse it , if old-fashioned ,— and hardly anything condemn it , if it have novelty enough . And this latitude is not confined to the owner 's scheme of his house , but extends also to the executive department . In other countries , however extravagant your fancy , you are brought within some bounds when you come to carry it out ; for the architect and the builder have been trained to certain rules and forms , and these will enter into all they do . But here every man is an architect who can handle a T-square , and every man a builder who can use a plane or a trowel ; and the chances are that the owner thinks he can do all as well as either of them . For if every man in England thinks he can write a leading article , much more every Yankee thinks he can build a house . Never was such freedom from the rule of tradition . A fair field and no favor ; whatever that can accomplish we shall have . The result , it must be confessed , is not gratifying . For if you sometimes find a man who is satisfied with his own house , yet his neighbors sneer at it , and he at his neighbors ’ houses . And even with himself it does not usually wear well . The common case is that even he accepts it as a confessed failure , or at best a compromise . And if he does not confess the failure , ( for association , pride , use-and-wont reconcile one to much ) , the house confesses it . For what else but self-confessed failures are these thin wooden or cheap brick walls , temporarily disguised as massive stone ,— this roof , leaking from the snow-bank retained by the Gothic parapet , or the insufficient slope which the “ Italian style ” demands ? There is no lack of endeavor to make the house look well . People will sacrifice almost anything to that . They will strive their chambers into the roof ,— they will have windows where they do not want them , or leave them out where they do ,— in our tropical summers they will endure the glare and heat of the sun , rather than that blinds should interfere with the moulded window-caps , or with the style generally ,— they will break up the outline with useless and expensive irregularity ,— they will have brackets that support nothing , and balconies and look-outs upon which no one ever steps after the carpenter leaves them ,— all for the sake of pleasing the eye . And all this without any real and lasting success ,— with a success , indeed , that seems often in an inverse ratio to the effort . If a man have a pig-stye to build , or a log-house in the woods , he may hit upon an agreeable outline ; but let him set out freely and with all deliberation to build something that shall be beautiful , and he fails . Not that the failure is peculiar at all to us . In Europe there may , perhaps , be less bad taste ,— though I am not sure of that ; but there , and everywhere , I think , the memorable houses , among those of recent date , are not those carefully elaborated for effect ,— the premeditated irregularity of the English Gothic , the trig regularity of the French Pseudo-Classic , or the studied rusticity of Germany ,— but such as seem to have grown of themselves out of the place where they stand ,— Swiss ch â lets , Mexican or Manila plantation-houses , Italian farm-houses , built , nobody knows when or by whom , and built without any thought of attracting attention . And here I think we get a hint as to the reason of their success . For a house is not a monument , that it should seek to draw attention to itself ,— but the dwelling-place of men upon the earth ; and it must show itself to be wholly secondary to its purpose . We have had a good deal of exhortation lately , now getting rather wearisome , about avoiding pretence in architecture , and that we should let things show for what they are . The avoidance of pretence should begin farther back . If the house is all pretence , we shall not help it by “ frankness of treatment ” in details . The house is the sign of man 's entering into possession of the earth . A houseless savage , living on wild game and accidental fruits , is an alien in nature , or a minor not yet come to his estate . As soon as he begins to cultivate the soil he builds him a house ,— no longer a hut or a cave but the work of his own hands , and as permanent as his tenure of the cultivated field . If that is to descend to his children , the house must be so built as to endure accordingly . It is the material expression of the status of the family ,— such people in such a place . Hence the two-fold requirement of fitness for its use and of harmony with its surroundings . A log-house is the appropriate dwelling of the lumberer in the woods ; but transplant it to a suburban lawn and it becomes an absurdity , and a double absurdity . It is not in harmony with the place , nor fit for the use of the citizen . Nothing more satisfactory in their place than the old English parish-churches ; but transfer one of them from its natural atmosphere and surroundings to the midst of one of our raw villages or bustling cities , exposed to the sudden and violent changes of our climate ,— the open timber roof admitting the heat and the cold , and the stone walls bedewed with condensed moisture ,— and after the first pleasant impression of the moment is over , there is left only a painful feeling of mimicry , not to be removed by any precision of copying , nor by the feeble attempts at ivy in the corners . This is all evident enough , and in principle generally admitted ; but we dodge the application of the principle , because we are not ready to admit to ourselves , what history , apart from any reasoning , would show us , that those importations are failures , and that not accidentally in these particular cases , leaving the hope of better success for the next trial , but necessarily , and because they are importations . All good architecture must be the gradual growth of its country and its age ,— the accumulation of men 's experience , adding and leaving out from generation to generation . The air of permanence and stability that we admire in it must be gained by a slow and solid growth . It is the product , not of any one man 's skill , but of a nation 's ; and its type , accordingly , must be gradually formed . But in this , as in everything else , there must be an aim , and one persisted in , else no experience is gained . A mere succession of generations will do nothing , if for each of them the whole problem is changed . The man of to-day cannot profit by his father 's experience in the building of his house , if his culture , his habits , his associates , are different from his father 's ,— much less if they have changed since his own youth , and are changing from year to year . He will not imitate , he will not forbear to alter . On such shifting sands no enduring structure is possible , but only a tent for the night . We talk of the laws of architecture ; but the fundamental law of all , and one that is sure to be obeyed , is , that the dwelling shall typify man 's appropriation of the earth and its products ,— what we call property . A man 's house is naturally just as fixed a quantity as the kind and the amount of his possessions , and no more so . The style of it , depending on the inherited ideas of the class to which he belongs , will be as formed and as fixed as that class . Then where there is no fixed class , and where the property of every man is constantly varying , our quantity will be just so variable , and the true type of our architecture will be the tent ,— of the frame-and-clapboard variety suited to the climate . For good architecture , then , we need castes in society , and fixed ways of living . We see the effect in the old parsonages in England , where from year to year have dwelt men of the same class , education , income , tastes , and circumstances generally , and so bringing from generation to generation nearly the same requirements , with the unessential changes brought in from time to time by new wants or individual fancies , here and there putting out a bay-window or adding a wing , but always in the spirit of the original building , and the whole getting each year more weather-stained and ivy-grown , and so toned into more complete harmony with the landscape , yet still living and expansive . It may be said that the result is here a partly accidental one , and not a matter of art . But domestic architecture is only half-way a fine art . It does not aim at a beauty of the monumental kind , as a statue , a triumphal arch , or even a temple does . Its primary aim is shelter , to house man in nature ,— and it forms , as it were , the connecting link between him and the outward world . Its results , therefore , are partly the free artistic production , and partly retain unmodified their material character . In the image carved by the sculptor , the stone or wood used derive little of their effect from the original material ; the important character is that imparted to them by his skill . Still more the canvas and pigments of the painter . But in architecture the wood and stone still fulfil the offices of covering , connecting , and supporting , as they did in the tree and the quarry , and their physical properties play an essential part in the work . The house , therefore , is a work of art only half emancipated from nature , and must depend on nature for much of its beauty also . It must not be isolated , as something merely to be looked at , apart from its position and its material use . The common mistake in our houses is , that they are designed , as inexperienced persons choose their paper-hangings , to be something of themselves , and not as mere background , as they should be . Thus it is that people seek to beautify their houses by ornamenting them , as a vulgar person sticks himself over with jewelry . A man 's house is only a wider kind of dress ; and as we do not call a man well-dressed when we are forced to see his dress before we see him , so a house cannot be satisfactory when it isolates itself from its inmates and from the landscape . In such houses , the more effort the worse they are ; they may cheat us for the moment , but the oftener we see them the less we like them . Does not the uncomfortable sensation with which fine houses so often oppress us arise from the vague feeling that the owner has built himself out of his house , and his house out of the landscape ? Hence it is mostly the novices that build the fine houses . A man of sense , I think , will generally build his second house plainer than his first . Not that he desires , perhaps , any the less what he desired before , but he is more alive to the difficulties and to the cost , and takes refuge in the safety of a lower scale . His experience has taught him that where he succeeded best he was really farthest from the end he sought . The fine house requires that its accessories should be in kind . All things within and without , the approach , the grounds , the furniture , must be brought up to the same pitch , and kept there . And when all is done , it is not done , but forever demands retouching . What is got in this kind cannot be paid for with money , nor finished once for all , but is a never-sated absorbent of time , thought , life . And it attacks the owner , too ; he must conform , in his dress , his equipage , and his habits generally ; he must be as fine as his house . The nicer his taste the more any incongruity will offend him , and the greater the danger of his becoming more or less an appendage to his house . Much of that chronic ailment of our society , the “ trials of housekeeping , ” is traceable to this source . This is a complicated trouble , and probably other causes have their share in it . But we cannot fail to recognize in these seemingly accidental obstructions a stern , but beneficent adjustment of our circumstances to enforce a simplicity which we should else neglect . One cannot greatly deprecate the terrors of high rents and long bills , and the sufferings from clumsy and careless domestics , if they help to keep down senseless profusion and display . Our problem is , in truth , one of greater difficulty than at first appears . For we are each of us striving to do , by the skill and forethought of one man , what naturally accomplishes itself in a succession of generations and with the aid of circumstances . It is from our freedom that the trouble arises . Were our society composed of few classes , widely and permanently distinct , a fitting style for each would naturally arise and become established and perfected . There would be fewer occasions for new houses , and the new house would be less novel in style , and so two difficulties would be overcome . For novelty of style is a drawback to effect , as tending to isolate the house ; and a new house is always at a disadvantage . Nature , in any case , is slow to adopt our handiwork into the landscape ; sometimes the assimilation is so difficult that it must be ruined for its original purpose before it will be accepted . Sooner or later , indeed , it will be accepted . For though most of our buildings seem even in decay to resist the harmonizing hand of Nature , and to grow only ghastly and not venerable in dilapidation , yet leave them long enough and what of beauty was possible to them will appear , though it be only a crumbling heap of bricks where the chimney stood , or the grassy slope where the cellar-wall has fallen in . It is for this reason that persons of taste have taken pains to face their houses with weather-stained and lichen-crusted stone , or invent proper names for them , in imitation of the English manor-houses . But Nature is jealous of this helping , and neither the lichens nor the names will stick , for the reason that they never grew there . They cannot be naturalized without naturalizing their conditions . The gray ancestral houses of England are the beautiful symbols of the permanence of family and of caste . They are the embodiments of traditional institutions and culture . When we speak of the House of Stanley or of Howard , the expression is not wholly figurative . We do not mean simply the men and women of these families , but the whole complex of this manifold environment which has descended to them and in the midst of which they have grown up ,— no more to be separated from it than the polyp from the coral stem . All this is centralized and has its expression in the House . Now as these conditions are not our conditions , the attempt to build fine houses is an attempt to import an effect where the cause has not existed . Our position is that of a perpetually shifting population ,— the mass shifting and the individuals shifting , in place , circumstances , requirements . The movement is inevitable , and , whether desirable or not , we must conform to it . So we naturally build cheaply and slightly , that the house be not an incumbrance rather than a furtherance to our life . It is agreeable to the feelings to be well rooted and established , and the results in outward appearance are agreeable . But it is not desirable to be so niched into the rock , that a change of fortune , or even a change in the direction of a town-road , shall leave us high and dry , like the fossils of the Norwegian cliffs , but rather , like the shell-fish of our beaches , free to travel up and down with the tide . The imitating of foreign examples comes from no real , heart-felt demand , but only from a fancied or simulated demand ,— from tradition , association ; at second-hand in one shape or another . It is at bottom something of the same flunkeyism that in a more exaggerated form assumes heraldic bearings and puts its servants into livery . It may well reconcile us to our deprivation to remember at what cost these things we admire are established and kept up . The imagination is pleased with this stability ; but it is bought too dear , if progress is to be sacrificed to it , if the freedom and the true lives of the members are to be merged in the family , and if they are to be the stones of which the house is built . It is not desirable to be adscriptus glebes , whether the bonds be physical or only moral ones . We may well be content to have our limits free , even though our architecture suffer for it . It is better that houses should belong to men , and not men to houses . But whether we are content or not , it is evident that all hope of improvement lies in the tendency , somewhat noticeable of late , to the abnegation of exotic styles and graces . We have survived the Parthenon pattern , and there seems to be a prospect that we shall outlive the Gothic cottage . Even the Anglo-Italian bracketed villa has seen its palmiest days apparently , and exhausted most of its variations . We are in an extremely chaotic state just now ; but there seems to be an inclination towards more rational ways , at least in the plans and general arrangement of houses . Of course mere negation cannot carry us far . We sometimes hear it said that it is as easy for a house to look well as to look ill , and those who say this seem to think that the failure is due solely to want of due consideration of the problem on the part of our builders , and that we have but to leave out their blunders to get at a satisfactory result . But if we look at the facts of the case , we find the builders have some reason on their side . Nothing can be more unsightly than the stalky , staring houses of our villages , with their plain gable-roofs , of a pitch neither high enough nor low enough for beauty , and disfigured , moreover , by mere excrescences of attic windows , and over the whole structure the awkward angularity , and the look of barren , mindless conformity and uniformity in the general outlines , and the meagre , frittered effect inherent in the material . But when we come to build , we find that the blockheads who invented this style , or no-style , have got at the cheapest way of supplying the first imperative demands of the people for whom they build ,— namely , to be walled in and roofed weather-tight , and with a decent neatness , but without much care that the house should be solid and enduring ,— for it cannot well be so flimsy as not to outlast the owner 's needs . He does not look to it as the habitation of his children ,— hardly as his own for his lifetime ,— but as a present shelter , easily and quickly got ready , and as easily plucked up and carried off again . The common-law of England looks upon a house as real estate , as part of the soil ; but with us it is hardly a fixture . Surely nothing can be more simple and common-sense than an ordinary New England house , but at the same time nothing can be uglier . The outline , the material , the color and texture of the surface are at all points opposed to breadth of effect or harmony with the surroundings . There is neither mass nor elegance ; there are no lines of union with the ground ; the meagre monotony of the lines of shingles and clapboards making subdivisions too small to be impressive , and too large to be overlooked ,— and finally , the paint , of which the outside really consists , thrusting forward its chalky blankness , as it were a standing defiance of all possibility of assimilation ,— all combine to form something that shall forever remain a blot in the landscape . Evidently it is not merely a more common-sense treatment that we want ; for here is sufficient simplicity , but a simplicity barren of all satisfaction . And singularly enough , it seems , with all its meagreness , to pass easily into an ostentatious display . In these houses there is no thought of “ architecture ” ; that is considered as something quite apart , and not essential to the well-building of the house . But for this very reason matters are not much changed when the owner determines to spend something for looks . The house remains at bottom the same rude mass , with the “ architecture ” tacked on . It is not that the owner has any deeper or different sentiment towards his dwelling , but merely that he has a desire to make a flourish before the eyes of beholders . There is no heartfelt interest in all this on his part ; it gives him no pleasure ; how , then , should it please the spectator ? The case is the same , whether it be the coarse ornamentation of the cheap cottage , or the work of the fashionable architect ; we feel that the decoration is superficial and may be dispensed with , and then , however skillful , it becomes superfluous . The more elaborate the worse , for attention is the more drawn to the failure . What is wanted for any real progress is not so much a greater skill in our house-builders , as more thoughtful consideration on the part of the house-owners of what truly interests them in the house . We do not stop to examine what really weighs with us , but on some fancied necessity hasten to do superfluous things . What is it that we really care for in the building of our houses ? Is it not , that , like dress , or manners , they should facilitate , and not impede the business of life ? We do not wish to be compelled to think of them by themselves either as good or bad , but to get rid of any obstruction from them . They are to be lived in , not looked at ; and their beauty must grow as naturally from their use as the flower from its stem , so that it shall not be possible to say where the one ends and the other begins . Not that beauty will come of itself ; there must be the feeling to be satisfied before any satisfaction will come . But we shall not help it by pretending the feeling , nor by trying to persuade others or ourselves that we are pleased with what has been pleasing to other nations and under other circumstances . Our poverty , if poverty it be , is not disgraceful , until we attempt to conceal it by our affectation of foreign airs and graces . MAYA , THE PRINCESS . The sea floated its foam-caps upon the gray shore , and murmured its inarticulate love-stories all day to the dumb rocks above ; the blue sky was bordered with saffron sunrises , pink sunsets , silver moon-fringes , or spangled with careless stars ; the air was full of south-winds that had fluttered the hearts of a thousand roses and a million violets with long , deep kisses , and then flung the delicate odors abroad to tell their exploits , and set the butterflies mad with jealousy , and the bees crazy with avarice . And all this bloom was upon the country of Larri è repens é e , when Queen Lura 's little daughter came to life in the Topaz Palace that stood on Sunrise Hills , and was King Joconde 's summer pavilion . Now there was no searching far and wide for godfathers , godmothers , and a name , as there is when the princesses of this world are born : for , in the first place , Larri è repens é e was a country of pious heathen , and full of fairies ; the people worshipped an Idea , and invited the fairy folk to all their parties , as we who are proper here invite the clergy ; only the fairy folk did not get behind the door , or leave the room , when dancing commenced . And the reason why this princess was born to a name , as well as to a kingdom , was , that , long ago , the people who kept records in Larri è repens é e were much troubled by the ladies of that land never growing old : they staid at thirty for ten years ; at forty , for twenty ; and all died before fifty , which made much confusion in dates ,— especially when some women were called upon to tell traditions , the only sort of history endured in that kingdom ; because it was against the law to write either lies or romances , though you might hear and tell them , if you would , and some people would ; although to call a man a historian there was the same thing as to say , “ You lie ! ” here . But as I was saying , this evergreen way into which the women fell caused much trouble , and the Twelve Sages made a law that for six hundred years every female child born in any month of the seventy-two hundred following should be named by the name ordained for that month ; and then they made a long list , containing seventy-two hundred names of women , and locked it up in the box of Great Designs , which stood always under the king 's throne ; and thenceforward , at the beginning of every month , the Twelve Sages unlocked the box , consulted the paper , and sent a herald through the town to proclaim the girl-name for that month . So this saved a world of trouble ; for if some wrinkled old maid should say , “ And that happened long ago , some time before I was born , ” all her gossips laughed , and cried out , “ Ho ! ho ! there 's a historian ! do we not all know you were a born Allia , ten years before that date ? ” — and then the old maid was put to shame . Now it happened well for Queen Lura 's lovely daughter , that on her birth-month was written the gracious name of Maya , for it seemed well to fit her grace and delicacy , while but few in that country knew its sad Oriental depth , or that it had any meaning at all . It was all one flush of dawn upon Sunrise Hills , when the maids-of-honor , in curls and white frocks , began to strew the great Hall of Amethyst with geranium leaves , and arrange light tripods of gold for the fairies , who were that day gathered from all Larri è repens é e to see and gift the new princess . The Queen had written notes to them on spicy magnolia-petals , and now the head-nurse and the grand-equerry wheeled her couch of state into the Hall of Amethyst , that she might receive the tender wishes of the good fairies , while yet the sweet languor of her motherhood kept her from the fresh wind and bright dew out of doors . The couch of state was fashioned like a great rose of crimson velvet ; only where there should have been the gold anthers of the flower lay the lovely Queen , wrapped in a mantle of canary-birds ’ down , and nested on one arm slept the Child of the Kingdom , Maya . Presently a cloud of honey-bees swept through the wide windows , and settling upon the ceiling began a murmurous song , when , one by one , the flower-fairies entered , and flitting to their tripods , each garlanded with her own blossom , awaited the coming of their Head ,— the Fairy Cordis . As the Queen perceived their delay , a sudden pang crossed her pale and tranquil brow . “ Ah ! ” said she , to the nurse-in-chief , Mrs. Lita , “ my poor baby , Maya ! What have I done ? I have neglected to ask the Fairy Anima , and now she will come in anger , and give my child an evil gift , unless Cordis hastens ! ” “ Do not fear , Madam ! ” said Mrs. Lita , “ your nerves are weak ,— take a little cordial . ” So she gave the Queen a red glass full of honeybell whiskey ; but she called it a fine name , like Rose-dew , or Tears-of-Flax , and then Queen Lura drank it down nicely ;— so much depends on names , even in Larri è repens é e ! But as Mrs. Lita set away the glass , the bees upon the ceiling began to buzz in a most angry manner , and rally about the queen-bee ; the south-wind cried round the palace corner ; and a strange light , like the sun shining when it rains , threw a lurid glow over the graceful fairy forms . Then the door of the hall flung open , and a beautiful , wrathful shape crossed the threshold ;— it was the Fairy Anima . Where she gathered the gauzes that made her rainbow vest , or the water-diamonds that gemmed her night-black hair , or the sun-fringed cloud of purple that was her robe , no fay or mortal knew ; but they knew well the power of her presence , and grew pale at her anger . With swift feet she neared the couch of state , but her steps lingered as she saw within those crimson leaves the delicate , fear-pale face of the Queen , and her sleeping child . “ Always rose-folded ! ” she murmured , “ and I tread the winds abroad ! A fair bud , and I am but a stately stem ! You were foolish and frail , Queen Lura , that you sent me no word of your harvest-time ; now I come angry . Show me the child ! ” Mrs. Lita , with awed steps , drew near , and lifted the baby in her arms , and the child 's soft hazel eyes looked with grave innocence at Anima . Truly , the Princess was a lovely piece of nature : her hair , like fine silk , fell in dark , yet gilded tresses from her snow-white brow ; her eyes were thoughtless , tender , serene ; her lips red as the heart of a peach ; her skin so fair that it seemed stained with violets where the blue veins crept lovingly beneath ; and her dimpled cheeks were flushed with sleep like the sunset sky . Anima looked at the baby .— “ Ah ! too much , too much ! ” said she . “ Queen Lura , a butterfly can eat honey only ; let us have a higher life for the Princess of Larri è repens é e . Maya , I give thee for a birth-gift another crown . Receive the Spark ! ” Queen Lura shrieked ; but Anima stretching out her wand , a snake of black diamonds , with a blood-red head , touched the child 's eyes , and from the serpent 's rapid tongue a spark of fire darted into either eye , and sunk deeper and deeper ,— for two tears flowed above , and hung on Maya 's silky lashes , as she looked with a preternatural expression of reproach at the Fairy . Now all was confusion . Queen Lura tried to faint ,— she knew it was proper ,— and the grand-equerry rang all the palace bells in a row . Anima gave no glance at the little Princess , who still sat upright in Mrs. Lita 's petrified arms , but went proudly from the hall alone . The flower-fairies dropped their wands with one sonorous clang upon the floor , and with bitter sighs and wringing hands flitted one after another to the portal , bewailing , as they went , their wasted gifts and powers . “ Why should I give her beauty ? ” cried the Fairy Rose ; “ all eyes will be dazzled with the Spark ; who will know on what form it shines ? ” So the red rose dropped and died . “ Why should I bring her innocence ? ” said the Fairy Lily ; “ the Spark will burn all evil from her , thought and deed ! ” Then the white lily dropped and died . “ Is there any use to her in grace ? ” wept the Fairy Eglantine ; “ the Spark will melt away all mortal grossness , till she is light and graceful as the clouds above . ” And the eglantine wreaths dropped and died . “ She will never want humility , ” said the Fairy Violet ; “ for she will find too soon that the Spark is a curse as well as a crown ! ” So the violet dropped and died . Then the Sun-dew denied her pity ; the blue Forget-me not , constancy ; the Iris , pride ; the Butter-cup , gold ; the Passion-flower , love ; the Amaranth , hope : all because the Spark should gift her with every one of these , and burn the gift in deeply . So they all dropped and died ; and she could never know the flowers of life ,— only its fires . But in the end of all this flight came a ray of consolation , like the star that heralds dawn , springing upward on the skirt of night 's blackest hour . The raging bees that had swarmed upon the golden chandelier returned to the ceiling and their song ; the scattered flowers revived and scented the air : for the Fairy Cordis came ,— too late , but welcome ; her face bright with flushes of vivid , but uncertain rose ,— her deep gray eyes brimming with motherhood , a sister 's fondness , and the ardor of a child . The tenderest garden-spider-webs made her a robe , full of little common blue-eyed flowers , and in her gold-brown hair rested a light circle of such blooms as beguile the winter days of the poor and the desolate , and put forth their sweetest buds by the garret window , or the bedside of a sick man . Mrs. Lita nearly dropped the baby , in her great relief of mind ; but Cordis caught it , and looked at its brilliant face with tears . “ Ah , Head of the Fairies , help me ! ” murmured Queen Lura , extending her arms toward Cordis ; for she had kept one eye open wide enough to see what would happen while she fainted away . “ All I can , I will , ” said the kindly fairy , speaking in the same key that a lark sings in . So she sat down upon a white velvet mushroom and fell to thinking , while Maya , the Princess , looked at her from the rose where she lay , and the Queen , having pushed her down robe safely out of the way , leaned her head on her hand , and very properly cried as much as six tears . Soon , like a sunbeam , Cordis looked up . “ I can give the Princess a counter-charm , Queen Lura , ” said she ,— “ but it is not sure . Look you ! she will have a lonely life ,— for the Spark burns , as well as shines , and the only way to mend that matter is to give the fire better fuel than herself . For some long years yet , she must keep herself in peace and the shade ; but when she is a woman , and the Spark can no more be hidden ,— since to be a woman is to have power and pain ,— then let her veil herself , and with a staff and scrip go abroad into the world , for her time is come . Now in this kingdom of Larri è repens é e there stand many houses , all empty , but swept and garnished , and a fire laid ready on the hearth for the hand of the Coming to kindle . But sometimes , nay , often , this fire is a cheat : for there be men who carve the semblance of it in stone , and are so content to have the chill for the blaze all their lives ; and on some hearths the logs are green wood , set up before their time ; and on some they are but ashes , for the fire has burned and died , and left the ghostly shape of boughs behind ; and sometimes , again , they are but icicles clothed in bark , to save the shame of the possessor . But there are some hearths laid with dry and goodly timber ; and if the Princess Maya does not fail , but chooses a real and honest heap of wood , and kindles it from the Spark within her , then will she have a most perfect life ; for the fire that consumes her shall leave its evil work , and make the light and warmth of a household , and rescue her forever from the accursed crown of the Spark . But I grieve to tell you , yet one of my name cannot lie — if the Princess mistake the false for the true , if she flashes her fire upon stone , or ice , or embers , either the Spark will recoil and burn her to ashes , or it will die where she placed it and turn her to stone , or — worst fate of all , yet likeliest to befall the tenderest and best — it will reenter her at her lips , and turn her whole nature to the bitterness of gall , so that neither food shall refresh her , sleep rest her , water quench her thirst , nor fire warm her body . Is it worth the trial ? or shall she live and burn slowly to her death , with the unquenchable fire of the Spark ? ” “ Ah ! let her , at the least , try for that perfect life , ” said Queen Lura . Then the Fairy Cordis drew from her delicate finger a ring of twisted gold , in which was set an opal wrought into the shape of a heart , and in it palpitated , like throbbing blood , one scarlet flash of flame . “ Let her keep this always on her hand , ” said Cordis . “ It will serve to test the truth of the fire she strives to kindle ; for if it be not true wood , this heart will grow cold , the throb cease , the glow become dim . The talisman may , will , save her , unless in the madness of joy she forget to ask its aid , or the Spark flashing upon its surface seems to create anew the fire within , and thus deceives her . ” So the Fairy put the ring upon Queen Lura 's hand , and kissed Maya 's fair brow , already shaded with sleep . The bees upon the ceiling followed her , dropping honey as they went ; the maids-of-honor wheeled away the couch of state ; the castle-maids swept up the fading leaves and blossoms , drew the tulip-tree curtains down , fastened the great door with a sandal-wood bar , sprinkled the corridors with rosewater ; and by moonrise , when the nightingales sung loud from the laurel thickets , all the country slept ,— even Maya ; but the Spark burned bright , and she dreamed . So the night came on , and many another night , and many a new day ,— till Maya , grown a girl , looked onward to the life before her with strange foreboding , for still the Spark burned . Hitherto it had been but a glad light on all things , except men and women ; for into their souls the Spark looked too far , and Maya 's open brow was shadowed deeply and often with sorrows not her own , and her heart ached many a day for pains she could not or dared not relieve ; but if she were left alone , the illumination of the Spark filled everything about her with glory . The sky 's rapturous blue , the vivid tints of grass and leaves , the dismaying splendor of blood-red roses , the milky strawberry-flower , the brilliant whiteness of the lily , the turquoise eyes of water-plants ,— all these gave her a pleasure intense as pain ; and the songs of the winds , the love-whispers of June midnights , the gathering roar of autumn tempests , the rattle of thunder , the breathless and lurid pause before a tropic storm ,— all these the Spark enhanced and vivified ; till , seeing how blest in herself and the company of Nature the Child of the Kingdom grew , Queen Lura deliberated silently and long whether she should return the gift of the Fairy Cordis , and let Maya live so tranquil and ignorant forever , or whether she should awaken her from her dreams , and set her on her way through the world . But now the Princess Maya began to grow pale and listless . Her eyes shone brighter than ever , but she was consumed with a feverish longing to see new and strange things . On her knees , and weeping , she implored her mother to release her from the court routine , and let her wander in the woods and watch the village children play . So Queen Lura , having now another little daughter , named Maddala , who was just like all other children , and a great comfort to her mother , was the more inclined to grant Maya 's prayer . She therefore told Maya all that was before her , and having put upon her tiny finger the fairy-ring , bade the tiring-woman take off her velvet robe , and the gold circlet in her hair , and clothe her in a russet suit of serge , with a gray kirtle and hood . King Joconde was gone to the wars . Queen Lura cried a little , the Princess Maddala laughed , and Maya went out alone ,— not lonely , for the Spark burned high and clear , and showed all the legends written on the world everywhere , and Maya read them as she went . Out on the wide plain she passed many little houses ; but through all their low casements the red gleam of a fire shone , and on the door-steps clustered happy children , or a peasant bride with warm blushes on her cheek sat spinning , or a young mother with pensive eyes lulled her baby to its twilight sleep and sheltered it with still prayers . One of these kindly cottages harbored Maya for the night ; and then her way at dawn lay through a vast forest , where the dim tree-trunks stretched far away till they grew undefined as a gray cloud , and only here and there the sunshine strewed its elf-gold on ferns and mosses , feathery and soft as strange plumage and costly velvet . Sometimes a little brook with bubbling laughter crept across her path and slid over the black rocks , gurgling and dimpling in the shadow or sparkling in the sun , while fish , red and gold-speckled , swam noiseless as dreams , and darting water-spiders , poised a moment on the surface , cast a glittering diamond reflection on the yellow sand beneath . The way grew long , and Maya weary . The new leaves of opalescent tint shed odors of faint and passionate sweetness ; the birds sang love-songs that smote the sense like a caress ; a warm wind yearned and complained in the pine boughs far above her ; yet her heart grew heavy , and her eyes dim ; she was sick for home ;— not for the palace and the court ; not for her mother and Maddala ; but for home ;— she knew her exile , and wept to return . That night , and for many nights , she slept in the forest ; and when at length she came out upon the plain beyond , she was pale and wan , her dark eyes drooped , her slender figure was bowed and languid , and only the mark upon her brow , where the coronet had fretted its whiteness , betrayed that Maya was a princess born . And now dwellings began to dot the country : brown cottages , with clinging vines ; villas , a ë rial and cloud-tinted , with pointed roofs and capricious windows ; huts , in which some poor wretch from his bed of straw looked out upon the wasteful luxury of his neighbor , and , loathing his bitter crust and turbid water , saw feasts spread in the open air , where tropic fruits and beaded wine mocked his feverish thirst ; and palaces of stainless marble , rising tower upon tower , and turret over turret , like the pearly heaps of cloud before a storm , while the wind swept from their gilded lattices bursts of festal music , the chorus that receives a bride , or the triumphal notes of a warrior 's return . All these Maya passed by , for no door was open , and no fireless hearth revealed ; but before night dropped her starry veil , she had travelled to a mansion whose door was set wide , and , within , a cold hearth was piled with boughs of oak and beech . The opal upon Maya 's finger grew dim , but she moved toward the unlit wood , and at her approach the false pretence betrayed itself ; the ice glared before her , and chilled her to the soul , as its shroud of bark fell off . She fled over the threshold , and the house-spirit laughed with bitter mirth ; but the Spark was safe . Now came thronging streets , and many an open portal wooed Maya , but wooed in vain . Once , upon the steps of a quaint and picturesque cottage stood an artist , with eyes that flashed heaven 's own azure , and lit his waving curls with a gleam of gold . His pleading look tempted the Child of the Kingdom with potent affinities of land and likeness ; his fair cottage called her from wall and casement , with the spiritual eyes of ideal faces looking down upon her , forever changeless and forever pure ; but when , from purest pity , kindness , and beauty-love , she would have drawn near the hearth , a sigh like the passing of a soul shivered by her , and before its breath the shapely embers fell to dust , the hearth beneath was heaped with ashes , and with tearful lids Maya turned away , and the house-spirit , weeping , closed the door behind her . Long days and nights passed ere she essayed again ; and then , weary and faint with home-woe , she lingered on the steps of a lofty house whose carved door was swung open , whose jasper hearthstone was heaped with goodly logs , and beside it , on the soft flower-strewn skin of a panther , slept a youth beautiful as Adonis , and in his sleep ever murmuring , “ Mother ! ” Maya 's heart yearned with a kindred pang . She , too , was orphaned in her soul , and she would gladly have lit the fire upon this lonely hearth , and companioned the solitude of the sleeper ; but , alas ! the boughs still wore their summer garland , and from each severed end slow tears of dryad-life distilled honeyedly upon the stone beneath . Of such withes and saplings comes no living fire ! Maya , smiling , set a kiss upon the boy-sleeper 's brow , but the Spark lay quiet , and the house-spirit flung a blooming cherry-bough after its departing guest . The year was now wellnigh run . The Princess Maya despaired of home . The earth seemed a harsh stepmother , and its children rather stones than clay . A vague sense of some fearful barrier between herself and her kind haunted the woman 's soul within her , and the unquenchable flames of the Spark seemed to girdle her with a defence that drove away even friendly ingress . Night and day she wept , oppressed with loneliness . She knew not how to speak the tongues of men , though well she understood their significance . Only little children mated rightly with her divine infancy ; only the mute glories of nature satisfied for a moment her brooding soul . The celestial impulses within her beat their wings in futile longing for freedom , and with inexpressible anguish she uttered her griefs aloud , or sung them to such plaintive strains that all who heard wept in sympathy . Yet she had no home . After many days she came upon a broad , champaign , fertile land , where , on a gentle knoll , among budding orchards , and fields green with winter grains , stood a low , wide-eaved house , with gay parterres and clipped hedges around it , all ordered with artistic harmony , while over chimney and cornice crept wreaths of glossy ivy , every deep green leaf veined with streaks of light , and its graceful sprays clasping and clinging wherever they touched the chiselled stone beneath . Upon the lawn opened a broad , low door , and the southern sun streamed inward , showing the carved panels of the fireplace and its red hearth , where heavy boughs of wood and splinters from the heart of the pine lay ready for the hand of the Coming to kindle . Upon the threshold , plucking out the dead leaves of the ivy , stood one from whose face strength , and beauty , and guile that the guileless knew not , shone sunlike upon Maya ; and as she faltered and paused , he spoke a welcome to her in her own language , and held toward her the clasping hand of help . A thrill of mad joy cleft the heart of the Princess , a glow of incarnate summer dyed with rose her cheek and lip , the Spark blazed through her brimming eyes , weariness vanished . “ Home ! home ! ” sung her rapt lips ; and in the delirious ecstasy of the hour she pressed toward the hearth , laid down her scrip and staff upon the heaped wood , flung herself on the red stone , and , heedless of the opal talisman , flashed outward from her joyful eyes the Spark ,— the Crown , the Curse ! So a forked tongue of lightning speeds from its rain-fringed cloud , and cleaves the oak to its centre ; so the blaze of a meteor rushes through mid-heaven , and — is gone ! The Spark lit , quivered , sunk , and flashed again ; but the wood lay unlighted beneath it . Maya gasped for breath , and with the long respiration the Spark returned , lit upon her lips , seared them like a hot iron , and entered into her heart ,— the blighting canker of her fate , a bitterness in flesh and spirit forevermore . Writhing with anguish and contempt , she turned away from the wrought stone whose semblance had beguiled her to her mortal loss ; and as she passed from the step , another hand lit a consuming blaze beneath her staff and scrip , sending a sword of flame after her to the threshold , and the house-spirit shrieked aloud , “ Only stones together strike fire , Maya ! ” — while from the casement above looked forth two faces , false and fair , with eyes of azure ice , and disdainful smiles , and bound together by a curling serpent , that ringed itself in portentous symbol about their waists . With star-like eyes , proud lips , and erect head , Maya went out . Her laugh rang loud ; her song soared in wild and mocking cadence to the stars ; her rigid brow wore scorn like a coronal of flame ; and with a scathed nature she trod the streets of the city , mixed with its wondering crowds , made the Spark a blaze and a marvel in all lands ,— but hid the opal in her bosom ; for its scarlet spot of life-blood had dropped away , and the jewel was broken across . So the wide world heard of Maya , the Child of the Kingdom , and from land to land men carried the stinging arrows of her wit , or signalled the beacon-fires of her scorn , while seas and shores unknown echoed her mad and rapt music , or answered the veiled agony that derided itself with choruses of laughter , from every mystic whisper of the wave , or roar of falling headlands . And then she fled away , lest , in the turbulent whirl of life , the Curse should craze , and not slay her . For sleep had vanished with wordless moans and frighted aspect from her pillow ,— or if it dared , standing afar off , to cast its pallid shadow there , still there was neither rest nor refreshing in the troubled spell . Nor could the thirst that consumed her quench itself with red wine or crystal water , translucent grapes or the crimson fruits that summer kisses into sweetness with her heats ; forever longing , and forever unsated , it parched her lips and burnt her gasping mouth , but there was no draught to allay it . And even so food failed of its office . Kindly hands brought to her , whose queenliness asserted itself to their souls with an innocent loftiness , careless of pomp or insignia , all delicate dates and exquisite viands ; but neither the keen and stimulating odors of savory meat , the crisp whiteness of freshest bread , nor the slow-dropping gold of honeycomb could tempt her to eat . The simplest peasant 's fare , in measure too scanty for a linnet , sustained her life ; but the Curse lit even upon her food , and those lips of fire burned all things in their touch to tasteless ashes . So she fled away ; for the forest was cool and lonely , and even as she learned the lies and treacheries of men , so she longed to leave them behind her and die in bitterness less bitter for its solitude . But Maya fled not from herself : the winds wailed like the crying of despair in her harp-voiced pines ; the shining oak-leaves rustled hisses upon her unstrung ear ; the timid forest-creatures , who own no rule but patient love and caresses , hid from her defiant step and dazzling eye ; and when she knew herself in no wise healed by the ministries of Nature , in the very apathy of desperation she flung herself by the clear fountain that had already fallen upon her lips and cooled them with bitter water , and hiding her head under the broad , fresh leaves of a calla that bent its marble cups above her knitted brow and loosened hair , she lay in deathlike trance , till the Fairy Anima swept her feet with fringed garments , and cast the serpent wand writhing and glittering upon her breast . “ Wake , Maya ! ” said the organ-tones of the Spark-Bringer ; and Maya awoke . “ So ! the Spark galls thee ? ” resumed those deep , bitter-sweet tones ; and for answer the Princess Maya held toward her , with accusing eyes , the broken , bloodless opal . “ Cordis 's folly ! ” retorted Anima . “ Thou hadst done best without it , Maya ; the Spark abides no other fate but shining . Yet there is a little hope for thee . Wilt thou die of the bitter fire , or wilt thou turn beggar-maid ? The sleep that charity lends to its couch shall rest thee ; the draught a child brings shall slake thy thirst ; the food pity offers shall strengthen and renew . But these are not the gifts a Princess receives ; she who gathers them must veil the Crown , shroud the Spark , conceal the Curse , and in torn robes , with bare and bleeding feet , beg the crumbs of life from door to door . Wilt thou take up this trade ? ” Maya rose up from the leaves of the cool lily , and put aside the veiling masses of her hair . “ I will go ! ” she whispered , flutelike , for hope beat a living pulse in her brain . So with scrip and hood she went out of the forest and begged of the world 's bounty such life as a beggar-maid may endure . Long ago the King and Queen died in Larri è repens é e , and there the Princess Maddala reigns with a goodly Prince beside her , nor cares for her lost sister ; but songless , discrowned , desolate , Maya walks the earth . All ye whose fires burn bright on the hearth , whose dwellings ring with child-laughter , or are hushed with love-whispers and the peace of home , pity the Princess Maya ! Give her food and shelter ; charm away the bitter flames that consume her life and soul ; drop tears and alms together into the little wasted hand that pleads with dumb eloquence for its possessor ; and even while ye pity and protect , revere that fretted mark of the Crown that still consecrates to the awful solitude of sorrow Maya , the Child of the Kingdom ! CATAWBA WINE . This song of mine Is a Song of the Vine , To be sung by the glowing embers Of wayside inns , When the rain begins To darken the drear Novembers . It is not a song Of the Scuppernong , From warm Carolinian valleys ,— Nor the Isabel And the Muscatel That bask in our garden alleys ,— Nor the red Mustang , Whose clusters hang O'er the waves of the Colorado , And the fiery flood Of whose purple blood Has a dash of Spanish bravado . For richest and best Is the wine of the West , That grows by the Beautiful River ; Whose sweet perfume Fills all the room With a benison on the giver . And as hollow trees Are the haunts of bees Forever going and coming , So this crystal hive Is all alive With a swarming and buzzing and humming . Very good in their way Are the Verzenay , And the Sillery soft and creamy ; But Catawba wine Has a taste more divine , More dulcet , delicious , and dreamy . There grows no vine By the haunted Rhine , By Danube or Guadalquivir , Nor on island or cape , That bears such a grape As grows by the Beautiful River . Drugged is their juice For foreign use , When shipped o'er the reeling Atlantic , To rack our brains With the fever pains That have driven the Old World frantic . To the sewers and sinks With all such drinks , And after them tumble the mixer ! For a poison malign Is such Borgia wine , Or at best but a Devil 's Elixir . While pure as a spring Is the wine I sing , And to praise it , one needs but name it ; For Catawba wine Has need of no sign , No tavern-bush to proclaim it . And this Song of the Vine , This greeting of mine , The winds and the birds shall deliver To the Queen of the West , In her garlands dressed , On the banks of the Beautiful River . THE WINDS AND THE WEATHER . The Physical Geography of the Sea . By M. F. MAURY . New York : Harper & Brothers . 1857 . Climatology of the United States and of the Temperate Latitudes of the North American Continent . By LORIN BLODGET . Philadelphia : J . B. Lippincott & Co. 1857 . Proceedings of the British Association for the Advancement of Science . 1857 . An eloquent philosopher , depicting the deplorable results that would follow , if some future materialist were “ to succeed in displaying to us a mechanical system of the human mind , as comprehensive , intelligible , and satisfactory as the Newtonian mechanism of the heavens , ” exclaims , “ Fallen from their elevation , Art and Science and Virtue would no longer be to man the objects of a genuine and reflective adoration . ” We are led , in reflecting upon the far more probable success of the meteorologist , to similar forebodings upon the dulness and sameness to which social intercourse will be reduced when the weather philosophers shall succeed in subjecting the changes of the atmosphere to rules and predictions ,— when the rain shall fall where it is expected , the wind blow no longer “ where it listeth , ” and wayward man no longer find his counterpart in nature . But we console ourselves by contemplating the difficulties of the problem , and the improbability , that , in our generation at least , we shall be deprived of these subjects of general news and universal interest . During the last half-century , the progress of experimental philosophy in the direction of the weather , though its results are for the most part of a negative character , has yet been sufficient to excite the apprehensions of the philanthropist . We have unlearned many fables and false theories , and have made great advancement in that knowledge of our ignorance , which is the only true foundation of positive science . The moon has been deposed from the executive chair , though she still has her supporters and advocates ; and an innumerable host of minor causes are found to constitute , upon strictly republican principles , the ruling power of the winds and the rain . That regularity , however complicated , which reason still demands , and expects even from the weather , is not found to be so simple as our rules and signs of the weather indicate ; for the operation of these innumerable causes is so complicated , that the repetition of similar phenomena or similar combinations of causes , to any great extent , is the most improbable of events . Perhaps the meteorologist will ultimately find that Nature has succeeded , in what seems , indeed , to be her aim , in completely retracing her steps , and reducing the operation of that simple and regular system of causes , which she brought out of chaos , back to a confusion of detail , from which all law and regularity are obliterated . Meteorological observations have , however , determined many regular and constant causes and a few regular phenomena . The method pursued in these investigations is , for the most part , the elimination , by general averages , of limited and temporary changes in the elements of the weather , and the determination of those changes which depend upon the constant influences of locality , of season , and of constant or slowly varying causes . These constant influences constitute the climate ; and the study of climates is thus the first step towards the solution of the problem of the weather . Climates , in their changes and distribution , are very important elements in the determination of the movements of the weather , and are to the meteorologist what the elements of the planetary orbits are to the astronomer ; but , unlike planetary perturbations , the weather makes the most reckless excursions from its averages , and obscures them by a most inconsequent and incalculable fickleness . Whether mechanical science will hereafter succeed in calculating these perturbations of climate , as we may style the weather , or will find the problem beyond its capacity , it will yet , doubtless , account for much that is now obscure , as observation brings the facts more distinctly to view . We propose to give a brief general survey of the mechanics of the atmosphere in its present state , and to indicate the nature and limits of our knowledge on this subject . Among the first noticed and most remarkable features of regularity in atmospheric changes are constant , periodic , and prevailing winds . The most remarkable instances of these are the trade-winds of the torrid zone , the monsoons of the Indian Ocean , and the prevailing southwest wind of our northern temperate latitudes . Of these , the trade-winds are the most important to science , as furnishing the key to that general explanation of the winds which was first advanced by the distinguished Halley . In Halley 's celebrated theory , the trade-winds are explained as the effects of the unequal distribution of the sun 's heat in different latitudes . The air of the equator , heated more than the northern or southern air , expands more , and overflows , moving in the upper regions of the atmosphere toward the poles ; while the lower , colder air on both sides moves toward the equator to preserve equilibrium . Thus an extensive circulation is carried on . The air that moves from the equator in the upper atmosphere , gradually sinking to the surface of the earth , finally ceases to move toward the poles , and returns as an undercurrent to the equator , where it again rises and moves toward the poles . Now the air of the equator , moving with the earth 's rotary motion , has a greater velocity than the earth itself at high northern or southern latitudes , and consequently appears to gain an eastward motion in its progress toward the poles . Without friction , this relative eastward motion would increase as the air moves toward the poles , and diminish at the same rate as the air returns , till at the equator the velocity of the earth and of the air would again be equal ; but friction reduces the motion of the returning air to that of the earth , at or near the calms of the tropics ; so that the air , passing the tropics , gains a relative westward motion in its further progress through the torrid zone . The southwestward motion thus produced between the tropic of Cancer and the equator is the well-known trade-wind . Now , according to this theory , the prevailing winds of our temperate latitudes ought to have a southeastward motion as far as the calms of Cancer or “ the horse latitudes . ” Moreover , instead of these calms , there should still be a southward motion . But observation has shown , that though the prevailing lower winds of our latitude move eastward , still their motion is toward the north rather than the south ; so that they appear to contradict the theory by which the trade-winds are explained . To account for these anomalies , Lieut . Maury has invented a very ingenious hypothesis , which is published in his “ Physical Geography of the Sea . ” He supposes that the air , which passes from the equator toward the poles in the upper regions of the atmosphere , is brought down to the surface of the earth beyond the calms of the tropics , and that it thence proceeds with an increasing eastward motion , appearing in our northern hemisphere as the prevailing northeastward winds . Approaching the poles with a spiral motion , the air there rises , according to this hypothesis , in a vortex , and returns toward the equator in the upper atmosphere , gradually acquiring a westward motion ; till , returning to the tropics , it is again brought down to the earth , and thence proceeds , with a still increasing westward motion , as the trade-winds . At the equator the air rises again , and , according to Lieut . Maury , crosses to the other side , and proceeds through a similar course in the other hemisphere . The rising of the air at the equator is supposed to cause the equatorial rains ; and the drought of the tropics is also explained by that descent of the air , in these latitudes , which this hypothesis supposes . Now although this hypothesis explains the phenomena , it has still met with great opposition . The motions which Lieut . Maury supposes can hardly be accounted for without resorting , as is usual in such cases , to electricity or magnetism ,— to some occult cause , or some occult operation of a known cause . Moreover , it has been difficult for the mechanical philosopher to understand how the winds manage to cross each other , as Lieut . Maury supposes them to do , at the equator and the tropics , without getting into “ entangling alliances . ” If this hypothesis were advanced , not as a physical explanation of the phenomena , but , like the epicycles and eccentrics of Ptolemy , “ to save the appearances , ” its ingenuity would be greatly to its author 's credit ; but , like the epicycles and eccentrics , though it represents the phenomena well enough , it contradicts laws of motion , now well known , which ought to be familiar to every physical philosopher . But these speculations of Lieut . Maury will now be superseded by a new theory of atmospheric movements , an account of which was presented by its author , Mr. J. Thompson , at the recent meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science . [ 1 ] A fuller discussion of this theory the author reserved for the Royal Society . The London Athenaeum gives a brief abstract of his paper , in its report of the proceedings of the Association . Mr. Thompson 's theory takes account of forces , hitherto unnoticed , which are generated by the eastward circulation of the atmosphere in high latitudes . He shows that these forces cause the prevailing northeastward under-current of our latitudes , while above this , yet below the highest northeastward current , the air ought still to move southward according to Halley 's theory . This under-current is not the immediate effect of differences of temperature , but a secondary effect induced by the friction of the earth 's surface and the continual deflection of the air 's eastward motion from a great circle , ( in which the air tends to move ,) into the small circle of the latitude , in which the air actually does move . The force of this deflection , measured by the centrifugal force of the air as it circulates around the pole , retards the movement from the equator , and finally wholly suspends it ; so that the upper air circulates around in the higher latitudes as water may be made to circulate in a pail ; and the air is drawn away from the polar regions as this circulatory motion is communicated to it , and tends to accumulate in the middle latitudes , as the circulating water is heaped up around the sides of the pail . Hence , in the middle latitudes there is a greater weight of air than at the poles , and this tends to press the lower air to higher latitudes . Centrifugal force , however , balances this pressure , so long as the lower air moves with the velocity of the upper strata ; but as the friction of the earth retards its motion and diminishes its centrifugal force , it gradually yields to the pressure of the air above it , and moves toward the poles . Near the polar circles it is again retarded by its increasing centrifugal force , and it returns through the middle regions of the atmosphere . Thus there are two systems of atmospheric circulation in each hemisphere . The principal one extends from the equator to high middle latitudes and partly overlies the other , which extends from the tropical calms to the polar circles . These two circulations move in opposite directions ; like two wheels , when one communicates its motion to the other by the contact of their circumferences . In the middle latitudes the lower current of the principal circulation lies upon the upper current of the secondary circulation , and both move together toward the equator . This principal lower current first touches the earth 's surface beyond the tropical calms , and having lost its relative eastward motion and now tending westward , it appears as the trade-wind , very regular and constant ; while the upper secondary current returns , without reaching the tropics , as an undercurrent , and in our latitude appears as the prevailing northeastward wind ,— a very feeble motion , usually lost in the weather winds and other disturbances , and only appearing distinctly in the general average . Mr. Thompson illustrates the effect of the friction of the earth 's surface on the eastward circulation of the air by a very simple experiment with a pail of water . If we put into the pail grains of any material a little heavier than water , and then give the water a rotatory motion by stirring it , the grains ought , by the centrifugal force imparted to them , to collect around the sides of the pail ; but , sinking to the bottom , they do in fact tend to collect at the centre , carried inward by those currents which the friction of the sides and bottom indirectly produces . Thus Mr. Thompson 's beautiful and philosophical theory completes that of Halley , and explains all those apparent anomalies which have hitherto seemed irreconcilable with the only rational account of the trade-winds . The rainless calms of the tropics are explained by this theory without that crossing and interference of winds which Lieut . Maury supposes ; for the secondary circulation returns as an under-current toward the poles without reaching the tropics , and the dry lower current of the principal circulation passes over the tropical latitudes , in its gradual descent , before it reaches the earth as the trade-winds . These trade-winds , absorbing moisture from the sea , precipitate it as they rise again , and produce the constant equatorial rains ; and these rains , doubtless , tend much more powerfully than the mere unequal distribution of heat to direct the wind toward the equator ; for the fall of rain rapidly diminishes the pressure of the air and disturbs its equilibrium , so that violent winds are frequently observed to blow toward rainy districts . Thus , primarily , the unequal distribution of heat , and , more immediately , the equatorial rains cause the principal circulation of our atmosphere ; and this indirectly produces the secondary circulation of Mr. Thompson 's theory . Both these regular movements are , however , greatly disturbed , and especially the latter , by winds which are occasioned by local and irregular rains . In these movements and their causes we have the general outline of our subject , within which we must now sketch the weather . The causes of atmospheric movement , which we have thus far considered , are the unequal distribution of the sun 's heat , the absorption and precipitation of moisture , the direct and the inductive action of the earth 's rotation and friction . If to these we should add the tidal action of the sun 's and moon 's attractions , we should perhaps complete the list of vera causae which are certainly known to exert a more or less general influence upon the atmosphere . But this short list is long enough , as we shall soon see . If the earth were wholly covered with water of a uniform depth , its climates would be distributed with greater regularity , and the perturbations of climate would be comparatively small and regular ; though even under such circumstances there would still exist a tendency to discontinuity and complexity of movements from that influence of rain , the peculiar character of which we shall soon consider . The irregular distribution of land and water , and the peculiar action of each in imparting the heat of the sun to the incumbent air ,— the irregular distribution of plains and mountains , and their various effects in different positions and at different altitudes ,— the distribution of heat effected by ocean currents ,— all these tend to produce permanent derangements of climate and great irregularities in the weather . To these we must add what the astronomer calls disturbing actions of the second order ,— effects of the disturbances themselves upon the action of the disturbing agencies ,— effects of the irregular winds upon the distribution of heat and rain , and upon the action of lands and seas , mountains and plains . Though such disturbances are comparatively insignificant in the motions of the planets , yet in the weather they are often more important than the primary causes . The aggregate and permanent effect of all these disturbing causes , primary and secondary , is seen in that irregular distribution of climates , which the tortuous isothermal lines and the mottled raincharts illustrate . The isothermal lines may be regarded as the topographical delineations of that bed of temperatures down which the upper atmosphere flows from the equator toward the poles , till its downward tendency is balanced by the centrifugal force of its eastward motion . This irregular bed shifts from month to month , from day to day , and even from hour to hour ; and the lines that are drawn on the maps are only averages for the year or the season . In the midst of these irregular , but continuous agencies , the rain introduces a peculiar discontinuity , and turns irregularity into discord . We have shown that the rain is an immediate cause of wind ; but how is the rain itself produced ? For so marked an effect we naturally seek a special cause ; but no adequate single cause has ever been discovered . The combination of many conditions , probably , is necessary , such as a peculiar distribution of heat and moisture and atmospheric movements ; though the immediate cause of the fall of rain is doubtless the rising , and consequent expansion and cooling , of the saturated air . The winds that blow hither and thither , vainly striving to restore equilibrium to the atmosphere , burden themselves with the moisture they absorb from the seas ; and this moisture absorbs their heat , retards their motion , and slowly modifies the forces which impel them . Now when the saturated air , extending far above the surface of the earth , and carried in its movements still higher , is relieved of an incumbent weight of air , it becomes rarefied , and its temperature and capacity for moisture are simultaneously diminished ; its moisture , suddenly precipitated , appears as a cloud , the particles of which collect into rain-drops and fall to the earth . Thus the air suddenly loses much of its weight , and instead of restoring equilibrium to the troubled atmosphere , it introduces a new source of disturbance . Though the weight of the air is diminished by the fall of rain , yet the bulk is increased by the expansive force of the latent heat which the condensed vapors set free . Thus the rainy air expands upwards and flows outwards , and no longer able to balance the pressure of the surrounding air , it is carried still higher by inblowing winds , which rise in turn and continue the process , often extending the storm over vast areas . The force of these movements is measured partly by the force of latent heat set free , and partly by the mechanical power of the rain-fall , a very small fraction of which constitutes the water-power of all our rivers . Such a fruitful source of disturbance , generated by so slight an accident as the upward movement of the saturated air , expanded by its own agency to so great an extent , so sudden and discontinuous in its action , so obscure in its origin , and so distinct in its effects ,— such a phenomenon defies the powers of mathematical prediction , and rouses all the winds to sedition . A storm not only disturbs the lower winds , but its influences reach even to the upper movements . The sudden expansion and rising of the rainy air delay these movements , which afterwards react as violent winds . The forces stored away by the gradual rise of vapor and its absorption of heat , and then suddenly exhibited in a mechanical form by the effects of rain , afford an illustration of that principle of conservation and economy of power , of which there are so many examples in modern science . No power is ever destroyed . Whether exhibited as heat or mechanical force , in the products and forces of chemical or of vital action , in movement or in altered conditions of motion ,— whether changed by the growth of plants into fuel or into food , and converted again to heat by combustion or by vital processes , and brought out as mechanical power in the steam-engine or in the horse ,— it is still the same power , and is measured in each of its forms by an invariable standard . It first appears as the heat of the sun , and a portion escapes at once back into space , while the rest passes first through a series of transformations . A part is changed into moving winds or into suspended vapor , and a part into fuel or food . From conditions of motion it is changed into motion ; from motion it is changed by friction or resistance into heat , electric force , molecular vibrations , or into new conditions of motion , and passing through its course of changes , it remains embroiled in its permanent effects or escapes into space as heat . Though mechanical science will probably never be able to predict the beginning or duration of storms , it will yet , doubtless , be able to account for all their general features , and for such distinct local peculiarities as observation may determine . Great advancement has already been made in the determination of prevailing winds and in the study of storms . Two theories have been brought forward upon the general movements of storms ; both have been proved , to the entire satisfaction of their advocates , by the storms themselves ; and probably both are , with some limitations , true . The first of these theories we have already described . According to it , the winds move inward toward the centre of the storm ; according to the other theory , they blow in a circumference around the centre . Observations upon storms of small extent , such as thunder-storms or tornadoes , show very clearly that the winds blow toward the stormy district . But when observations are made upon the winds within the district of such extensive storms as sometimes visit the United States , the directions of the wind are found to be so various , that the advocates of either theory , making due allowance for local disturbances , can triumphantly refute their adversaries . In such storms there are doubtless many centres or maxima of rain , and whether the wind move around or toward these centres , it would inevitably get confused . The opinion , that the winds move around the central point or line of the storm , was strenuously maintained by the late Mr. Redfield , whose activity in his favorite pursuit has connected his name inseparably with meteorology . Others have maintained the same opinion , and the rotatory motion of the tropical hurricanes is offered as a principal proof . It is obvious from the causes of motion already considered , that , if the air is carried far , by its tendency toward a rainy district , it will acquire a secondary relative motion from its change of latitude ; and this , in our hemisphere , if the air move toward the south , will be westward ,— if toward the north , eastward . Hence the motion of the air from both directions toward a stormy district is deflected to the right side of the storm ; and this gives rise to that motion from right to left which is observed in the hurricanes of the northern hemisphere . To suppose , as many do , that regular winds , arising from constant and extensive causes , can come into bodily conflict and preserve their identity and original impetus for days , without immediate and strongly impelling forces to sustain their motion , implies a profound ignorance of mechanical science , and is little better than those ancient superstitions which gave a personal identity to the winds . The momentum of ordinary winds is a feeble force in comparison with those forces of pressure and friction which continually modify it . Hence sudden changes in the direction and intensity of winds must primarily arise from similar changes in these forces . But there are no known forces which change so suddenly , except the pressure and latent heat of suspended vapor ; and therefore the fall of rain is the only adequate known cause of those storm-winds which , interpolated among the gentler winds , keep the atmosphere in perpetual commotion . Storms have , however , certain habits and peculiarities , more or less regular and distinct , which depend upon locality and season . And this is what ought to be expected ; for , though the storms themselves are essentially anomalous , yet many of the causes which cooperate to induce them are constant or periodic , while others are subject to but slight perturbations . It is obvious that no more moisture can be precipitated than has been evaporated , and that the winds only gain suddenly by the fall of rain the forces which they have lost at their leisure in the absorption of moisture . Thus the rage of the storm is kept within bounds , and though the exact period at which the winds are set free cannot be determined , yet their force and frequency must be subject to certain limitations . The study of the habits and peculiarities of storms is of the greatest importance to navigation and agriculture , and these arts have already been benefited by the labors of the meteorologist . The lawlessness of the weather , within certain limitations , though discouraging to the physical philosopher , has yet its bright side for the student of final causes . The uses of the weather and its adaptation to organic life are subjects of untiring interest . The progression of the seasons , varied by differences of latitude , is also diversified and adapted to a fuller development of organic variety by irregularities of climate . The regular alternations of day and night , summer and winter , dry seasons and wet , are adapted to those alternations of organic functions which belong to the economy of life . The vital forces of plants and of the lower orders of animals have not that self-determining capacity of change which is necessary to the complete development of life ; but they persist in their present mode of action , and , when they are not modified by outward changes , reduce life to its simplest phases . Changes of growth are effected by those apparent hardships to which life is subject ; and progression in new directions is effected by retrogression in previous modes of growth . The old leaves and branches must fall , the wood must be frost-bitten or dried , the substance of seeds must wither and then decay , the action of leaves must every night be reversed , vines and branches must be shaken by the winds , that the energies and the materials of new forms of life may be rendered active and available . Some of the outward changes of nature are regular and periodic , while others , without law or method , are apparently adapted by their diversity to draw out the unlimited capacities and varieties of life ; so that as inorganic nature approaches a regulated confusion , the more it tends to bring forth that perfect order , of which fragments appear in the incomplete system of actual organic life . The classification of organic forms presents to the naturalist , not the structure of a regular though incomplete development , but the broken and fragmentary form of a ruin . We may suppose , then , with a recent physiological writer , that the creation of those organic forms which constitute this fragmentary system was effected in the midst of an elemental storm , a regulated confusion , uniting all the external conditions which the highest capacities and the greatest varieties of organized life require for their fullest development ; and that as the storm subsided into a simpler , but less genial diversity ,— into the weather ,— whole orders and genera and species sank with it from the ranks of possible organic forms . The weather , fallen from its high estate , no longer able to develope , much less to create new forms , can only sustain those that are left to its care . Man finds himself everywhere mirrored in nature . Wayward , inconstant , always seeking rest , always impelled by new evils , the greatest of which he himself creates ,— protecting and cherishing or blighting and destroying the fragmentary life of a fallen nature ,— incapable himself of creating new capacities , but nourishing in prosperity and quickening in adversity those that are left ,— he sees the workings of his own life in the strife of the elements . His powers and activities are related to his spiritual capacities , as inorganic movements are related to an organizing life . The resurrection of his higher nature is like a new creation , secret , sudden , inconsequent . “ The wind bloweth where it listeth , and thou hearest the sound thereof , but canst not tell whence it cometh , and whither it goeth ; so is every one that is born of the Spirit . ” AKIN BY MARRIAGE [ Continued ] CHAPTER IV . The designs of Mr. Elam Hunt upon the hand of Laura Stebbins have already been mentioned , in a former chapter of this history , as well as the fact that his hopes were encouraged by Mrs. Jaynes who ( to make no secret of the matter ) had pledged her word to the enamored Elam , that when he should be settled in a parish of his own , Laura should be added to complete the sum of his felicity . To this agreement Laura herself was not a party ; nay , her consent had never been so much as asked ; for though Elam knew that marriage by proxy was impossible , and , indeed , would doubtless have preferred to be the bridegroom at his own wedding , he had no objection whatever to a vicarious courtship ; for he was not a forward suitor , delighting to prattle of his pains to his fair tormentor , as the way of many is . But touching all the terms and conditions of this contract Laura was informed by Mrs. Jaynes , who , when the other protested with tears and sobs against this disposition of her person without even asking her leave thereto , replied , with a quiet voice and manner , that she had the right to make the promise in Laura 's name , and had done so upon due consideration . This ominous reserve frightened Laura far more than an angry reply would have done ; for when her sister spoke with such brief decision , it was a sign that her mind was made up ; and Laura knew full well the resolute purpose with which Mrs. Jaynes was wont to pursue any design that she had once formed . She distrusted her own ability to withstand her sister 's inflexible will , and felt a secret misgiving , that , in spite of herself , she would by some means be forced or persuaded to yield at last . This very lack of faith in her own power of resistance caused her more distress and terror than all her other fears . Sometimes she almost fancied a spell of enchantment had been put upon her , which would render all her efforts to escape her fate as unavailing as the struggles of a gnat in a spider 's web . A friend in time of trouble is like a staff to one that is lame or weary . But when Laura , in these straits , leaned upon her dearest friend , Cornelia , for aid and comfort , she found but a broken reed ; for , instead of words of consolation and encouragement , Cornelia uttered only dismal prophecies that Laura was surely doomed to be the young parson 's bride . “ If you only had another lover to run away with , now , ” said she , “ why , then it would be delightful to have your sister act as she does ; but , as it is , I 'm sure I do n't see any way to avoid it . ” “ Nor I , ” cried Laura , sinking still deeper in despair . “ Oh , dear ! what shall I do ? ” “ In novels , you know , ” pursued Cornelia , “ where there 's a cruel , tyrannical father , like your sister , there 's always a hero in love with the heroine —— ” “ I 'm sure I wish there was a hero in love with me , ” said Laura , thinking of her own hero in regimentals . “ I 'd run away with him , ” she added , with animation , “ if — if both his legs were shot off , ” — not considering duly , I dare say , how greatly such a dreadful mutilation , however glorious in itself , would conflict with the rapid locomotion essential to her plan of elopement . But when Tira Blake came to be told of Laura 's trouble , and the reasons of it , that sage and prudent friend gave counsel that cheered her like a cordial , telling her it would be sinful to marry a man whom she disliked so heartily , and that in such a matter no one had the right to demand or enforce obedience . “ It 's bad enough to be married when you 're willin ’ , ” said she ; “ but when you a'n ' t willin ’ , there 's no law nor no gospel to make you . ” “ But if Maria should compel me , what should I do ? ” cried Laura , to whom her sister 's will seemed more mighty than both law and gospel . “ She can n't , ” replied Statira , sententiously ; “ she can n't . Her ‘ yes , ’ in such a case , is only good for herself ; it can n't make you any man 's wife .— What shall you do ? Why , nothin ’ ,— nothin ’ in the world . If they should bring bridegroom and parson , and stand you up side of him by main force , ( which of course is foolish to think of their doing so , only I suppose it just to show you what I mean ,) even in such a case you need n't do anything . Keep your mouth shut and your head from bobbin ’ , and there a'n ' t lawyers , nor squires , nor parsons , nor parsons ’ wives either for that matter , enough in all Connecticut to marry you to a mouse , let alone a man . Humph ! ” added Miss Blake , with scornful accent , “ I should like to see ‘ em set out to marry me to anybody I did n't want to have ! ” There was nothing in all that Tira said which Laura did not know before ; but it was uttered in such a way that it sounded in her ears like a new revelation , filling her heart with peace and comfort , and inspiring her with hope and courage . The magic spell that had enthralled her spirit was broken by the power of a few cheery , confident , assuring words . A heavy weight seemed lifted from her heart , and , relieved from the pressure , her spirits rose , joyous and elastic . The shadow was dispelled which had darkened her future , and the sun seemed to shine brighter and the birds to sing more sweetly . She herself was changed ,— or at least it was hard to believe she was the same Laura Stebbins who , the night before , had cried herself to sleep , and whose doleful visage , that very morning , had looked out at her from the mirror . She flew at Tira in a transport , and , without asking her leave , kissed her twenty times in less than a minute , after a fashion that ( I say it with reverence ) would have tantalized even a deacon . She clapped her hands , she laughed , she danced , she went swaying on tiptoe around the room with a jaunty step , singing and keeping time to a waltz tune ; and finally , pausing near the window , she doubled a tiny fist , as white as a snowball , bringing it down into the rosy palm of her other hand with a gesture of resolute determination , at the same time uttering , through closed teeth and with compressed and puckered lips , an oft-repeated vow , that , never , never , the longest day she lived , would she marry Elam Hunt , to please anybody ,— as her sister Maria ( said she , with a saucy toss of the head ) would find , if she tried to make her ! I doubt greatly , whether , if Laura had known what I am now going to tell my reader , she would have indulged in such vivacious pranks , and bold , defiant words : namely , that Mrs. Jaynes was hearing everything she said , and , in fact , had listened to and taken special heed of nearly the whole conversation , a part of which has been set forth above . Coming through the wicket in the garden fence , on an errand to the Bugbee kitchen , the sound of her own name , in Laura 's excited tones , struck Mrs. Jaynes 's ear and excited her curiosity . Walking nearer to the house , and concealing herself behind a little thicket of lilac bushes , near the open window of Statira 's bedroom , she was enabled to hear with distinctness almost every word uttered by the unconscious conspirators , who were plotting against the fulfilment of her cherished project . There is good reason for believing that what Mrs. Jaynes overheard , while lying in ambush , as has been related , excited in her heart emotions of indignation and resentment . Be that as it may , no trace of displeasure was visible upon her face or in her voice or manner , when , a few minutes afterwards , she stood by the side of the unsuspicious Tira , in the back veranda of the house , holding in her hand a plate containing a pat of butter she had just borrowed from the Doctor 's housekeeper , while the latter , peeping through the curtain of vine-leaves , gazed at as pretty a spectacle as just then could have been seen anywhere in Belfield . On the grassplot , in the shade of a great cherry-tree , Laura and Helen were playing at graces . Both were full of frolicsome glee ; the former , with spirits in their first glad rebound from recent despondency , being wild with gayety , enjoying the sport no less than the merry child , her playmate . Laura 's glowing face was fairly radiant with beauty , and her figure was unconsciously displayed in such a variety of bewitching attitudes and dainty postures , that even a pair of frisky kittens , that had been chasing each other round the grassplot and up and down the stems of the cherry-trees , ceased their gambols and lay still , crouching in the grass , and watching her graceful motions , as if taking heed for future imitation . If Kit and Tabby really did regard Laura with admiration and complacency , it was more than I can say for Mrs. Jaynes , in whose heart a secret rage was burning , though her aspect and demeanor were as placid and demure as if the butter she held in her hand would not have melted in her pursed-up mouth . Mrs. Jaynes , for reasons of her own , thought proper to keep her temper in control , abstaining from any manifestation of displeasure for a much longer time than while she remained standing in the back veranda of Doctor Bugbee 's house . She did not think it prudent to apprise Laura that her rebellious conference with Statira had been discovered , nor to forbid her from holding further communication with her evil counsellors ; but contented herself , for the present , with keeping a stricter watch over her sister 's conduct , by practising with increased rigor and vigilance that efficient system of tactics hereinbefore commemorated , by which the ardor of Laura 's chance admirers was repressed and their advances repelled , and by alluding , from time to time , to Laura 's prospective nuptials , as to an event predestined and inevitable , or , at least , no less sure to come to pass than if Laura herself had engaged her hand to Mr. Hunt of her own free will and accord , and was only waiting to be asked to name the wedding-day . It was many months after Elam left the shady height of East Windsor Hill before he received a call to settle ; for though he preached in different parts on trial , before many congregations that were destitute of pastors , none of these fastidious flocks would listen to his voice a second time , or agree to choose him for its shepherd . At last , however , the people of Walbury , a town in Windham County , lying nearly twenty miles from Belfield , made choice of Mr. Hunt to be their spiritual guide , and accordingly extended to him an invitation to be ordained and installed as the settled minister over their ancient parish . Upon receiving this proposal , Elam at once despatched a letter to his friend and ally , Mrs. Jaynes , informing her of his good fortune , and suggesting that Laura should at once bestir herself in preparations for their wedding , in order that this blissful event might precede his ordination . Then , after waiting for the lapse of that period of decorous delay which immemorial usage has prescribed in such cases , he indited an epistle to the church in Walbury , stating , in proper and accustomed form , that his native humility inclined him to refuse their request ; but that , after a wrestle with his inclinations , he had got the better of them , and had resolved to sacrifice his own wishes and feelings , and to enter the field of labor to which the Israel in Walbury had invited him . A year and more had elapsed since Laura , encouraged by Tira Blake 's assuring words , had begun to hope that a better fate was in store for her than to become the wife of a man she detested . Meanwhile , Elam had often come to Belfield , sometimes preaching a sermon for Mr. Jaynes , and going away again , after a brief sojourn , without having opened his mouth to Laura to speak of love or marriage . At his later visits it was evident that he was inclined to despond about his prospects of getting a settlement , and Laura began to entertain strong hopes that he never would be successful ; for she would have given up all the chances of beholding her military hero in person , and would have been content to live a maid forever , continually waiting for Elam , if she could have been assured the time would never come for him to claim her . But , one morning , after breakfast , having made her bed and arranged her chamber , singing blithely all the while , she was just going to sit down by the window with her sewing , when Mrs. Jaynes came in with a letter in her hand . Laura guessed at once that the letter was from Elam , and that it contained the news of which the reader has been apprised already . Though she did not need to read the letter in order to inform herself of its contents , she took it in her hand , when her sister bade her read it , and made a pretence of obedience , shuddering , meanwhile , with disgust and terror . At last she came to the conclusion of the epistle , where Elam had mentioned his desire to be married before being ordained , and had subscribed himself as united in gospel bonds to the worthy lady to whom the letter was addressed . Then , folding up the paper with trembling hands , she held it towards her sister , without daring to look up , or to say a word . “ Now , Laura , ” asked Mrs. Jaynes , in a quiet tone , “ when can you be ready to be married ? ” Laura tried to speak , and looked up , with a pale , frightened face , into her sister 's impassive countenance . Her white lips failed to form the words she strove to utter . “ When shall the wedding be ? ” said Mrs. Jaynes , with a smile of affected sportiveness . “ Name the happy day , my love . ” “ Happy day ! ” repeated poor Laura . “ Oh , Maria ! ” “ Why , what 's the matter , child ? ” said Mrs. Jaynes ; “ what are you crying for ? ” “ Oh , dear , dear sister ! ” sobbed Laura , falling on her knees at Mrs. Jaynes 's feet , “ do hear me ! You are my mother , for you fill her place . ” “ I have endeavored to do so , ” said Mrs. Jaynes . “ Then , for God 's sake , do n't make me marry this horrid man ! ” pursued Laura . “ Do n't tell me that I must ! Do n't force me to such a fate ! ” And with many passionate words like these , Laura implored her sister not to lay any command upon her to marry Elam Hunt . “ Hush , Laura ! hush , my dear child ! ” said Mrs. Jaynes , who had anticipated this scene , and was well prepared with her replies . “ Be calm ; you behave absurdly . I have no power to force you to marry any man . I do n't expect to compel you to accept Mr. Hunt for a husband . For at least two years past I had supposed , however , that it was your intention to do so . If you have changed your mind , and if you wish to break an engagement that has subsisted so long , whether for or without cause , I cannot prevent it . You have read so many foolish romances , that your head is turned , and you fancy yourself a heroine in distress . But let me tell you , my dear , that in real life , here , in New England , a woman cannot be forced to marry . So calm your transports , wipe your eyes , and get up from your knees . I 'm not to be kneeled to , pray remember . ” Laura did as she was told ,— so much abashed that she dared not look up . To increase her confusion , her sister began to laugh . “ I beg your pardon , dear , ” said she , “ but , ha , ha , ha ! it was so funny !— like a scene in a play , I should think . ” “ I know I 've been silly , Maria , ” said Laura , weeping again ,— with shame , this time . “ Never mind , dear , ” said her sister , in a kind tone , “ we 're all silly sometimes . You 'll never be guilty of the folly again , at any rate , of supposing that girls can be married , in spite of themselves , by cruel sisters ; eh , Laura ? ” “ Oh , Maria , do forgive me ! ” cried Laura , blushing crimson . “ I was so very silly ! ” “ Well , let it all go , ” said Mrs. Jaynes , kissing her . “ Now we 'll talk about this letter . Tell me why you do n't wish to marry Mr. Hunt . If you have any good reason against it , I 'm sure I do n't desire it ; though , I confess , having supposed so long it was a settled thing , I had set my heart upon it . Perhaps this disappointment has been sent to me for some wise purpose , ” added Mrs. Jaynes , with a pious sigh . Thus encouraged , Laura opened her heart and began to talk , saying that she did n't like Mr. Hunt , that she did n't love him , that she disliked him , and hated him , and that he was hateful , and horrid , and awful , and dreadful , and so homely , and pale , and pimpled , and , ugh ! she should never like him , nor love him , but always dislike him , and hate him . And on she went in this manner , till her fervor was cooled , and she had exhausted , by frequent repetition , every form of speech capable of expressing her great repugnance to a union with Elam Hunt . In conclusion , she said she was willing never to marry , but would remain with her sister and work for her and the children all her life . “ Thank you , dear , ” said Mrs. Jaynes . “ We 'll talk of your kind offer presently ; and you will see , I think , that I have no desire that you should live and die an old maid , even in case you do not marry Mr. Hunt . ” “ I 'm sure I 'd rather than not , ” said Laura , with a twinge of conscience at the thought of her hero . “ Have you said all that you 've got to say ? ” asked Mrs. Jaynes , very quietly . Laura looked up into her sister 's grave , sober face , and felt a chill of vague apprehension begin to take the place of the hopeful glow in her heart . “ Eh ? ” said Mrs. Jaynes , inquiringly . “ Y — yes , ” faltered Laura , “ only this ,— I do n't like him , and he 's such a horrid , disgusting man ,— and — and — that 's all , I believe , except that I do n't like him , and think he 's so disagreeable ,— and — oh , yes ! there 's another thing ,— he wears blue spectacles ,— ugh ! blue spectacles ! ” “ Is there anything more ? ” said Mrs. Jaynes , still speaking with the same even , quiet voice . “ N — no , ” said Laura , “ only I — ” and here she paused . “ Do n't like him , ” added Mrs. Jaynes , supplying the words . “ Yes , that 's it , ” said Laura . “ I know I 'm foolish , but — ” “ It 's much to confess it , ” said Mrs. Jaynes . “ Now that I 've patiently heard all that you have to say , I wish to be heard a few words in favor of a dear and worthy friend of mine , against whom you appear to entertain a groundless antipathy . ” “ No , not groundless , ” interposed Laura . “ Well , I 'll agree that a pale , studious face and blue spectacles are good reasons for hating a man . Now let me say a word or two in his favor , notwithstanding , and also in favor of a plan which I had supposed was agreed upon , and which I dislike extremely to see abandoned . You have reasons against it , which you have stated . I have reasons for it , which I will state . But first answer me two or three simple questions , ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no , ’ — will you , dear ? ” And Laura assenting , she went on to ask if Mr. Hunt was not good , and pious , and of blameless life and reputation ; extorting from Laura an affirmative reply to each separate inquiry . “ He 's all these good qualities , then , to offset the complexion of his face and spectacles , ” resumed Mrs. Jaynes . “ Now let us look at the matter in a worldly point of view . He is able to give you not only a place , but the very highest position in society ; he can offer you , not wealth , but competence , which is better than either poverty or riches . Why , my dear , there are a hundred girls in this town , many of whom excel you in everything which men think desirable in a wife , except , perhaps , the poor , perishable quality of beauty ,— girls of good family , rich , or likely to be so , intelligent , well educated , some of them , to say the least , almost as pretty as you , any one of whom would think herself honored by this offer which you despise ; for most people are aware that to be a minister 's wife , in New England , is , my dear , to occupy , as I have just said , the very summit of the social structure . ” Here Mrs. Jaynes made a period , and watched the effect of her words . After a pause she resumed by alluding to Laura 's offer to remain with her always , without marrying ; and while poor Laura listened with a feeling as if the very earth was sinking beneath her feet , Mrs. Jaynes reminded her that she was a penniless orphan , who had been maintained for years by the bounty of one upon whom she had no claim , except that she was the sister of his wife . “ I have no right , you know , my dear , ” continued Mrs. Jaynes , “ to tell you that you may stay here longer . Jabez , doubtless , would bid you remain and welcome , as he told you to come and welcome . But young women are usually expected to marry , at or near your age . It is probable , indeed I know , that , at the time you came , this event was thought of , and taken into account . Mr. Jaynes is Mr. Hunt 's warm friend and admirer . He expects that you are going to marry this good friend . What will be his reflections when he learns that you prefer to remain here , a pensioner upon his income , rather than to marry such a man as Mr. Hunt , whose only demerits are his blue spectacles and pale complexion ? ” Here Laura turned so white , and looked so woful , that her tormentor paused , in apprehension that the poor girl was going to swoon . “ Oh , my God ! what shall I do ? ” cried Laura , beating her palms together , in sore distress . “ You know , ” resumed Mrs. Jaynes , watching her sister carefully , and speaking softly , “ you know that Mr. Jaynes 's salary is not large . It used to be more than sufficient for our wants , but the children are getting to be more expensive every year . Their clothes cost more , and the boys , at least , ought soon to go away to school , and Jabez has set his heart upon sending Newton to college . If — well , never mind , dear , I 'll say no more ; but when I think of this offer of Mr. Hunt ,— such a good offer , especially to one in your circumstances , from such a worthy , talented , pious young clergyman , whose preference Julia Bramhall or Cornelia Bugbee , with their thousands , would be glad to win ,— who is going to be settled in a good old parish , like Walbury , and receive at once a salary almost as large , I dare say , as Mr. Jaynes 's ,— I do say , Laura , that you ought to give better reasons for refusing him , nay , for jilting him , after a two-years ’ engagement , than that his cheeks are pale and his spectacles blue . We love you , Laura , and are willing to give you a home and the best we can afford to eat and drink and wear , but Mr. Hunt loves you as well , or better , and offers you more than we have it in our power to bestow . Take the day for reflection . To-morrow Mr. Hunt will be here . Think , my child , whether you will be justified in rejecting this offer . Your refusal , bear in mind , imposes upon others a sacrifice of something more than childish whims and silly prejudices . In order that you may have time and opportunity to give this important matter due consideration , you had better remain in your chamber . But do n't fancy yourself a prisoner . If you choose to see any one that calls , you can do so . But , my dear , I cannot permit you to go and seek those who , from spite and malice against me , would take delight in giving you evil counsel . ” With this sharp innuendo against Tira Blake , in which she thought she might now safely indulge , Mrs. Jaynes concluded her speech and went out softly , leaving poor Laura in a stupor of despair , sitting with her hands clasped in her lap and her head drooping on her bosom . At last , looking up with a glance so woful that one would scarcely have known her , Laura perceived she was alone . She rose , went to the door and locked it , standing for a moment trembling , until of a sudden she fell a-crying piteously , and began to walk to and fro across her chamber , wringing her hands like one distraught , and sometimes throwing herself upon the bed , wailing and moaning all the while as if her heart would break indeed . And , truly , she had some reason for the violence of her grief . Not being a thoughtful person , nor given to meditation , she had never before duly considered that her maintenance was a matter of cost and calculation to those who provided it , nor reflected that she had no rightful claim upon those who gave her shelter , food , and clothing . She had been thankful to her protectors for their kindness , but the sentiment she entertained for them was more like filial love than gratitude . For the first time she realized that she was a pensioner on another 's bounty , and felt the sharp sting of conscious dependence . At length , growing more calm after the first passionate outbreak of frantic sorrow had subsided , she dried her eyes and sat down on purpose to think . Poor child ! Serious deliberation was a new exercise to her mind . Besides , her head ached , her brain seemed in a whirl , and her heart was so full and heavy she wanted to do nothing but cry with all her might till the burden was gone . But think she must , and knitting her brows and stilling her sobs , she tried to think . What could she do ? Oh , if she could but ask Tira ! But what good could Tira do ? What could she tell her ? It was not her sister that was forcing her , but Fate itself ! All that her sister had told her was true , every word . The tone of her voice , her manner , had been unusually kind and gentle . There was nothing she had said that she could be blamed for saying . Tira herself must admit that it was all true and reasonable ,— but , oh , how very dreadful ! Then she conjured up to view the image of Elam Hunt ,— his lank , slim figure , arrayed in sombre black ,— his pale , cadaverous visage , spotted with pimples and blue blotches of close-shaven beard ,— his spectral glance of admiration through those detestable blue spectacles . She imagined that she felt the clammy touch of his long , skinny fingers , and cold , flabby palm . She reflected upon the probability , nay , the certainty , that she must marry this man , for whom she felt such an invincible repugnance , and in a frenzy of dismay and terror she screamed aloud and started up as if to fly . Then , recollecting herself , she sank down moaning .— Oh , heavens ! she thought , there was no escape , no help ! How wretched she was ! how utterly miserable ! all alone , alone , in such a dreary , lonesome world , with no home , nor father , nor mother , nor brother ,— with only a sister who had a husband and children , whom she loved , as she ought , far better than she did her . There was nobody to whom she was the dearest of all ,— nobody , except Elam Hunt , whom she hated and loathed with all her heart , and the very thought of whose love made her shudder . What could she do ? To stay and be a burden for her friends to support was worse than anything . That , at least , she was resolved to do no longer . If she were only strong enough , she would go where nobody knew her and work at housework , or in a factory , or anywhere . Oh , if she only knew enough to teach school ! She should like that . It would be so pleasant to have the children love her , and bring her flowers to put upon her desk ! But , oh , dear ! she did n't know enough , she feared . For all that she had graduated at the Academy , she never dared to write a letter without looking up all the hard words of it in the dictionary , to see how they were spelt ;— and parsing ! and doing sums !— oh , gracious ! she never could teach school ,— that was out of the question ! At last , after a long fit of silent musing , during which she had bit her lips , and frowned , and gazed abstractedly at the wall , a gleam of hope lit up her face , soon brightening into a smile . She had hit upon a plan ! She could learn the milliner 's trade ! She had always been handy with her needle , and liked nothing better than to arrange laces and ribbons and flowers . She could easily learn to make and trim a bonnet , she thought ; at least , she could try . At first it would come hard to sit cooped up in those little back shops , sewing and stitching from morning till night ; but it was better than marrying Elam Hunt , or than eating other people 's bread . Then she began to build castles in the air , as her custom was . She fancied herself a milliner 's apprentice , working away at bonnets and caps , among a group of other girls ,— sometimes rising to attend upon a customer , or peeping out between the folds of a curtain at people in the front shop . She wondered whether Cornelia and Helen would be ashamed of knowing a milliner 's apprentice , if they should chance to see her in Hartford . What would her schoolmates say ? and would her hero despise a girl that worked for a livelihood ? Then she whimpered a little , thinking how lonesome she would be , for a while , among strangers ; but it was a kind of lamentation that differed widely from the frantic weeping of the morning . Then , all at once , a doubt began to depress her new-born hopes . Could she get a place ? She was a stranger in Hartford , and beyond that city she dared not send her thoughts . Could Tira get a place for her ? She feared not , for Tira herself seldom went to the city . But there was Doctor Bugbee , who knew a great many people there , and who was so rich and powerful , that even in Hartford , though it was a city , his word must have great influence . Besides , the firm of Bugbee Brothers purchased large quantities of goods at some of the great millinery shops . The Doctor 's own private custom was not small , for Cornelia dressed as became her condition , and even little Helen scorned to wear a bonnet unless it came from Hartford . Doctor Bugbee could help her to find a place . Doubtless he would be willing , nay , even glad , to assist her in her trouble . At any rate , she would ask him . But how was she to see him ? He was not likely to call upon her , unless she feigned sickness , and sent for him ; for her sister would not permit her to go to his house , where she would be sure to see Tira . Besides , the Doctor 's manner had of late grown so distant and forbidding , that she was a little fearful of obtruding herself upon his notice . Though sorry for this change , she had never laid it so much to heart as to be grieved or affronted ; for even his children complained of his altered behavior , and all his friends had noticed the gloomy expression which his face sometimes wore . But now she troubled herself with wondering whether she had given him any cause to be offended with her . Perhaps her giddy nonsense and thoughtless gayety , which when he himself was cheerful and happy he had listened to without displeasure , had vexed and annoyed him in his moods of sadness and dejection . But what else could she do than solicit his aid ? The favor , though small for him to grant , would be of immense benefit to her , and the good-hearted Doctor would not be likely to refuse . She would tell him how friendless she was , and beg him to help the fatherless in her distress . She knew that he would not turn her away . At all events , she could try . Coming at last to this conclusion , and wonderfully cheered and strengthened by the purpose she had formed , she washed her face , arranged her dishevelled hair , and smoothed her rumpled dress . Then sitting down behind the window-curtain , she began to watch for Cornelia , hoping her friend would not long delay her accustomed visit to the parsonage . But it happened that Cornelia had that very day begun a novel , in three volumes , the heroine of which was represented to be a young lady whose extreme beauty and amiable temper made her deserving of better treatment than she received at the hands of the hard-hearted author , who suffered her to be cheated and bullied by a scheming and brutal guardian , to be slandered by his envious daughter , persecuted by a dissolute nobleman , haunted by a spectre , shut up in a tower , exposed to manifold dangers , beset by robbers , abducted , assaulted , barely rescued , and , finally , even teased and tormented by the chosen lover of her heart , a jealous-pated fellow , who was always making her miserable and himself ridiculous by his absurd suspicions and fractious behavior . Sympathizing deeply with this distressed young woman , whose unexampled misfortunes and troubles would have touched the heart of even a marble statue , Cornelia was weeping dolefully over a page near the end of the second volume , where the lady 's lover , in a fit of senseless jealousy , tears her miniature from his bosom , renounces her affection , and leaves her swooning upon the floor . Just then Helen rushed into her chamber , with a summons from Laura to hasten at once to her side . For Laura , after long watching , had caught sight of Helen jumping the rope on the grassplot , and by means of coughing and waving her handkerchief from the window had attracted the notice of the child , who , coming to the paling , had received the message she forthwith bore to Cornelia , adding to it the information that Laura 's eyes appeared to be almost as red as Cornelia 's own . Staying only to finish the volume , Cornelia repaired to comfort and console her friend , to whose chamber she found ready access in spite of some vague misgivings in Mrs. Jaynes 's mind . But , shrewd as this lady was by nature , and apprehensive as she felt that some untoward accident would prevent the accomplishment of her cherished plans , she never dreamed of the momentous results that were to follow this interview , apparently so harmless , between Laura and her friend ; nor would it be fitting to suffer an account of so important a conference to appear at the end of a chapter . To be continued in the next Number . SPARTACUS . The Romans had many virtues , and conspicuous amongst these was the virtue of impartiality . They treated everybody with equal inhumanity . They were as pitiless towards the humble as towards the proud . The quality of mercy was utterly unknown to them . Their motto , “ Parcere subjectis , et debellare superbos , ” Powell Buxton has happily translated , “ They murdered all who resisted them , and enslaved the rest . ” But it was as slaveholders that the Romans most clearly exhibited their impartiality . They were above those miserable subterfuges that are so common with Americans . They made slaves of all , of the high as well as the low ,— of Thracians as well as Sardinians , of Greeks and Syrians as readily as of Scythians and Cappadocians . The consequence of the modes by which the Romans obtained their bondmen ,— by war , by purchase , and by kidnapping ,— affecting as they did the most cultivated and the bravest races , necessarily made slavery a very dangerous institution . Greeks and Gauls , Thracians and Syrians , Germans and Spaniards were not likely to submit their necks readily to the yoke . They rose several times in great masses , and contended for years on equal terms with the legions . Some of their number exhibited the talents of statesmen and soldiers , at the head of armies more numerous than both those which fought at Cannae . One of them showed himself to be a born soldier , and caused the greatest terror to be felt at Rome that had been known there since that day on which Hannibal rode up to the Colline Gate , and cast his javelin defiantly into that city which he himself never could enter . The treatment of their slaves by the Romans was not unlike that which slaves now experience . Some masters were kind , and there are many facts which show that the relations between master and slave were occasionally of the most amiable nature . But these were exceptional cases , the general rule being cruelty , as it must be where so much power is lodged in the hands of one class of men , and the other has only a nominal protection from the law . Even where cruelty takes no other form than that involved in hard labor , the slave must experience intolerable oppression . Now the Romans were the most avaricious people that ever lived . They had a hearty love of money for money 's sake . They would do anything for gold . Such men were not likely to let their slaves grow fat from light tasks and abundant food ; their food was light , and their tasks were heavy . So ill-fed were they that they were compelled to rob on the highway , and were encouraged to do so by their owners . Indeed , much of the private economy of the Romans was founded on cruelty to their slaves . Some , who have come down to us as model men , were infamous for their maltreatment of their bondmen . The life of any foreigner was of but little account with any Roman , but enslaved foreigners were regarded as on a level with brutes . Many anecdotes are related of the ferocious disregard of all humanity which the world 's masters manifested towards the servile classes . There is a story told by Cicero , in one of the Verrine Orations , which peculiarly illustrates this feature of the Roman character . The praetorian edicts forbade slaves to carry arms . There were no exceptions . A boar of great size was once given to Lucius Domitius , who was a Sicilian Praetor . Its size caused him to ask by whom it was slain ; and on being informed that the hunter was a shepherd and slave , he sent for him . The slave , not doubting that he should be rewarded for his bravery , hastened to present himself before the Praetor , who asked him what he killed the animal with . “ With a spear , ” was the answer ; whereupon the Praetor ordered that he should be immediately crucified . This was but one of thousands of similar acts that were perpetrated by Romans through many generations . The slaves , as we have remarked , occasionally revolted , and the efforts that were found necessary to subdue them rose sometimes to the dignity of wars . The first Servile War of the Romans occurred in Sicily . There were various reasons why this fine island should become the scene of servile wars sooner than other portions of the Roman dominions . Upon the final expulsion of the Carthaginians , about the middle of the second Punic War , great changes of property ensued . Speculators from Italy rushed into the island , “ who , ” says Arnold , “ in the general distress of the Sicilians , bought up large tracts of land at a low price , or became the occupiers of estates which had belonged to Sicilians of the Carthaginian party , and had been forfeited to Rome after the execution or flight of their owners . The Sicilians of the Roman party followed the example , and became rich out of the distress of their countrymen . Slaves were to be had cheap ; and corn was likely to find a sure market whilst Italy was suffering from the ravages of war . Accordingly , Sicily was crowded with slaves , employed to grow corn for the great landed proprietors , whether Sicilian or Italian , and so ill-fed by their masters that they soon began to provide for themselves by robbery . The poorer Sicilians were the sufferers from this evil ; and as the masters were well content that their slaves should be maintained at the expense of others , they were at no pains to restrain their outrages . Thus , although nominally at peace , though full of wealthy proprietors , and though exporting corn largely every year , yet Sicily was teeming with evils , which , seventy or eighty years after , broke out in the horrible atrocities of the Servile War . ” [ 2 ] Arnold , History of Rome , Vol . III . pp . 317-318 , London edition . The Sicilian Servile War began B. C . 133 , only a few years after the destruction of Carthage and Corinth , and when the military power of the republic was probably at its height , though military discipline may have been somewhat relaxed from the old standard . It lasted two or three years . The chief of the slaves had at one time two hundred thousand followers , inclusive , probably , of women and children . He was a Syrian of Apamea , named Eunus , and had been a prophet and conjurer among the slaves . To his prophecies and tricks he owed his elevation when the rebellion broke out . According to some accounts , he was rather a cunning than an able man ; but it should be recollected that his enemies only have drawn his portrait . The victories he so often won over the Roman forces are placed to the credit of his lieutenant , a Cilician of the name of Cleon ; but he must have been a man of considerable ability to have maintained his position so long , and to have commanded the services of those said to have been his superiors . Cleon 's superiority was probably only that of the soldier . He fell in battle , and Eunus was made prisoner , but died before he could be brought to punishment ,— no doubt , to the vast regret of his savage captors . In the year B. C . 103 , another Servile War broke out in Sicily , and was not brought to an end until after four years of hard fighting . The leaders were Salvius , or Tryphon , an Italian , and Athenion , a Cilician , or Greek . Both showed considerable talent , but owed their leadership , Salvius to his knowledge of divination , and Athenion to his pretensions to astrology . They were often successful , and it was not until a Consul had taken the field against them that the slaves were subdued , the chiefs having successively fallen , and no one arising to make their place good . The next great Servile War was on a grander scale , though briefer , than either of the Sicilian contests . Its scene was Italy , and it was conducted , on the part of the rebels , by the profoundest military genius ever encountered by the Romans , with the exception , perhaps , of Hannibal . We speak of SPARTACUS , who defeated many Roman armies , and disputed with the all-conquering republic the dominion of the Italian Peninsula , and with it that of the civilized world . This war took place B. C . 73-71 , while Rome was engaged in hostilities with Sertorius and Mithridates ; and it was brought to an end only by the exertions of the ablest generals the republic then had ,— the great Pompeius having been summoned from Spain , and it being in contemplation to order home Lucullus from the East . In the war with Hannibal the Romans showed their fearlessness by sending troops to Spain while the Carthaginian with his army was lying under their walls ; but they called troops and generals from Spain to their assistance against the Thracian gladiator . He must have been a man of extraordinary powers to have accomplished so much with the means at his disposal . It has been regarded as a proof of the astonishing powers of Hannibal as a commander , that he could keep together , and in effective condition , an army composed of the outcasts , as it were , of many nations , and win with it great victories , scattered over a long period of time ; yet this was less than was done by Spartacus . The Carthaginian , like Alexander , succeeded to an army formed by his father , next after himself the ablest man of the age . The Thracian , without country or home , and an outlaw from the beginning of his enterprise , had to create an army , and that out of the most heterogeneous and apparently the most unpromising materials . The palm must be aligned to the latter . To what race did Spartacus belong ? We are told that he was a Thracian , his family being shepherds . The Thracians were a brave people , but by no means remarkable for the highest intellectual superiority ; yet Spartacus was eminently a man of mind , with large views , and an original genius for organization and war . Plutarch pays him the highest compliment in his power , by admitting that he deserved to be regarded as belonging to the Hellenic race . He was , says the old Lifemaker , “ a man not only of great courage and strength , but , in judgment and mildness of character , superior to his condition , and more like a Greek than one would expect from his nation . ” It is not impossible that he had Greek blood in his veins . Thrace was hard by Greece , had many Greek cities , and its full proportion of those Greek adventurers , military and civil , who were to be found in every country and city , from Spain to Persia , from Gades to Ecbatana . What more probable than that among his ancestors were Greeks ? At the same time it must be admitted that the Thracians themselves were capable of producing eminent men , being a superior physical race , and prevented only by the force of circumstances from attaining to a respectable position . They were renowned for soldierlike qualities , which caused the Romans to give them the preference as gladiators ,— a dubious honor , to say the best of it . How , and under what circumstances , Spartacus became a gladiator , is a point by no means clear . We cannot trust the Roman accounts , as it was a meritorious thing , in the opinion of a Roman , for a man to lie for his country , as well as to die for it . Florus states , that he was first a Thracian mercenary , then a Roman soldier , then a deserter and robber , and then , because of his strength , a gladiator from choice . But , to say nothing of the national prejudices of Florus , he writes like a man who felt it to be a particular grievance that Romans should have been compelled to fight slaves , and particularly gladiators . This is in striking contrast with Plutarch , who was a contemporary of Florus , but whose patriotic pride was not wounded by the victories which the Thracian gladiator won over Roman generals . Indeed , as he was willing to admit that Spartacus ought to have been a Greek , we may suppose that he was pleased to read of his victories ,— a not unnatural thing in a provincial , and particularly in a Greek , who knew so well what his country had once been . Plutarch says not a word about the Thracian having been a soldier and a thief , but introduces him with one of his good stories . “ They say , ” he tells us , “ that when Spartacus was first taken to Rome to be sold , a snake was seen folded over his face while he was sleeping , and a woman , of the same tribe with Spartacus , who was skilled in divination , and possessed by the mysterious rites of Dionysus , declared that this was a sign of a great and formidable power , which would attend him to a happy termination . ” She was the Thracian 's wife , or mistress , being connected with him by some tender tie , and was with him when he subsequently escaped from Capua . In the bloody drama of the War of Spartacus hers is the sole relieving figure , and we would fain know more of her , for it could have been no ordinary woman who was loved by such a man . The passion of the Romans for gladiatorial combats is well known . Not a few persons followed the calling of gladiator-trainers , and had whole corps of these doomed men , whom they let to those who wished to get up such shows . There were several schools of gladiators , the chief of which were at Ravenna and Capua , where garrisons were maintained to keep the pupils in subjection . According to one account , Spartacus , while on a predatory incursion , was made prisoner , and afterwards sold to Cneius Lentulus Batiatus , a trainer of gladiators , who sent him to his school at Capua . He was to have fought at Rome . But he had higher thoughts than of submitting to so degrading a destiny as the being “ butchered to make a Roman holiday . ” Most of his companions were Gauls and Thracians , the bravest of men , who bore confinement with small patience . They conspired to make their escape ,— the chief conspirators being Spartacus and two others , who were subsequently made his lieutenants ,— Crixus , a Gaul , and Oenomaus , a Greek . Some two hundred persons were in the conspiracy , but only a portion of them succeeded in breaking the school bounds . Florus says that not more than thirty got out , while Velleius makes the number to have been sixty-four , and Plutarch seventy-eight . Having armed themselves with spits , knives , and cleavers , from a cook 's shop , they hastened out of Capua . Passing along the Appian Way , they fell in with a number of wagons loaded with gladiators ’ weapons , which they seized , and were thus placed in good fighting condition . Shortly after this they encountered a small body of soldiers , whom they routed , and whose arms they substituted for the gladiatorial , deeming these no longer worthy of them . They were now joined by a few others , fugitives and mountaineers , with whom they took refuge in the crater of Vesuvius , then , as from time immemorial , and for nearly a century and a half later , inactive . Thence , under the leadership of Spartacus and his lieutenants , Crixus and Oedomaus , they ravaged the country ; but it is not probable that they caused much alarm , their number being only two hundred , and such collections of slaves being by no means uncommon . The Romans little dreamed that they were on the eve of one of the most terrible of their many wars . Claudius Pulcher , one of the Praetors , was sent against the “ robbers , ” as they were considered to be . He found them so advantageously posted on the mountain , that , though superior to them in numbers in the ratio of fifteen to one , he resolved to blockade them , and so compel them to descend to the plain and fight at disadvantage , or starve . But he was contending with a man of genius , against whom even Rome 's military system could not then succeed . He despised his enemy ,— a sort of gratification which to those indulging in it generally costs very dear . Spartacus caused ropes to be made of vine branches , with the aid of which he and his followers lowered themselves to the base of the mountain , at a point which had been left unguarded by the Romans because considered inaccessible by the red-tapist who commanded them , and consequently affording a capital outlet for bold men under a daring leader . In the dead of night the gladiators stole round to the rear of the Roman camp , and assailed it . Taken by surprise and heavy with sleep , the Romans were routed like sheep , and their arms and baggage passed into the hands of the despised enemy . Spartacus saw now that it was time for him and his comrades to assume a higher character than had hitherto belonged to them . Instead of a leader of outlaws , he aspired to be the liberator of the servile population of Italy . He issued a proclamation , in which , while calling upon his followers to remember the multitudes who groaned in chains , he urged the slaves to rise , pointing out how strong they were and how weak were their oppressors , maintaining that the strength of the masters lay in the blind and disgraceful submission of the slaves , at the same time declaring that the land belonged of right to the bravest ,— a sentiment as natural and proper when uttered by a man in his situation as it is base when proceeding from a modern buccaneer , who has taken up arms , not to obtain his own freedom , but to enslave others . The whole address is contemptuous towards the Romans , though somewhat too rhetorical for a man in the situation of Spartacus . It is the composition of Sallust , but we may believe that it expresses the sentiments of Spartacus , as Sallust was not only his contemporary , but was too good an artist to disregard keeping in what he wrote . Italy was at this time full of slaves , many of whom must have been men of quite as much intelligence as the Romans , having been made captives in war . The free population of the Peninsula had almost entirely disappeared . Two generations before , Tiberius Gracchus had pointed to the miserable condition of Italy , and to the fact that the increase of the slave population had caused the Italian yeomanry to become almost extinct . In the years that had passed since his murder the work of extinction had gone on at an accelerated rate , the Social War and the Wars of Sulla and Marius having aided slavery to do its perfect work . In this way had perished that splendid rural population from which the Roman legionary infantry had been conscribed , and which had enabled the aristocratical republic to baffle the valor of Samnium , the skill of Pyrrhus , and the genius of Hannibal . Even so early as in the first of the Eastern wars of the Romans , immediately after the second defeat of Carthage , there were indications that the supply of Roman soldiers was giving out . An anecdote of the younger Scipio shows what must have been the character of a large part of the Roman population more than sixty years before the War of Spartacus . When he declared that Tiberius Gracchus had rightly been put to death , and an angry shout at the brutal speech came from the people , he turned to them and exclaimed , “ Peace , ye stepsons of Italy ! Remember who it was that brought you in chains to Rome ! ” The country being full of slaves and the children of slaves , Spartacus had little difficulty in obtaining recruits . Apulia was particularly fruitful of insurgents . In that country the vices of Roman slavery were displayed in all their naked hideousness , and the Apulian shepherds and herdsmen had a reputation for lawlessness that has never been surpassed . Yet this was the consequence , not the cause , of their bondage . It is related that some of them having asked their master for clothing , he exclaimed , “ What ! are there no travellers with clothes on ? ” “ The atrocious hint , ” says Liddell , “ was soon taken ; the shepherd slaves of Lower Italy became banditti , and to travel through Apulia without an armed retinue was a perilous adventure . From assailing travellers , the marauders began to plunder the smaller country-houses ; and all but the rich were obliged to desert the country , and flock into the towns . So early as the year 185 B. C ., seven thousand slaves in Apulia were condemned for brigandage by a Praetor sent specially to restore order in that land of pasturage . When they were not employed upon the hills , they were shut up in large , prison-like buildings , ( ergastula ) where they talked over their wrongs , and formed schemes of vengeance . ” [ 3 ] The century and more between this date and the appearance of Spartacus had not improved the condition of the Apulian slaves . He found them ripe for revolt , and was soon joined by thousands of their number , men whose modes of life rendered them the very best possible material for soldiers , provided they could be induced to submit to the restraints of discipline . They were strong , hardy , athletic , and active , and full of hatred of their masters . It shows the superiority of the Thracian that he could prevail upon them to act in a regular manner . He formed them into an army , the chief officers being the men who had escaped from Capua in his company . This army had some discipline , which was the more easily acquired because many of the men were originally soldiers , captives of the Roman sword . But the hatred of all in it to the Romans , and their knowledge that they had to choose between victory and the crudest forms of death known to the crudest of conquerors , made them the most reliable military force then to be found in the world . Liddell , History of Rome , Vol . II , p. 144 With such an army , thus composed , thus animated , and thus led , Spartacus commenced that war to which he has given his name . Bursting upon Lower Italy , the most horrible atrocities were perpetrated , the rich landholders being subjected to every species of indignity and cruelty , in accordance with that law of retaliation which was accepted and recognized by all the ancient world , and which the modern has not entirely abrogated . Towns were captured and destroyed , [ 4 ] and the slaves everywhere liberated to swell the conquering force . Spartacus is said to have sought to moderate the fury of his followers , and we can believe that he did so without supposing that he was much above his age in humane sentiment . He saw that excesses were likely to demoralize his army , and so render it unfit to meet the legions which it must sooner or later encounter . These ravages seem to have made a great impression on the Romans , and were by them long remembered . Forty years later Horace alludes to them , in that Ode which he wrote on the return of Augustus from Spain ( Carm . III . xiv . 19 ) . He calls to his young slave to fetch him a jar of wine that had seen the Marsiaii War , “ If there could be found one that had escaped the vagabond Spartacus . ” The manner in which he , the son of a libertinus , speaks of Spartacus , is not only amusing as an instance of foolish pride , but is curious as illustrating a change in Roman ideas that was working out more important results than could have followed from all the acts of the first two Caesars , though , perhaps it was in some sense connected with , if not dependent upon , their legislation . Much as Spartacus had done , and signal as had been his successes , it was not yet the opinion at Rome that he was a formidable foe . The government despatched Publius Varinius Glaber to act against him , at the head of ten thousand men . This seems a small force , yet it was not much smaller than the army with which , three or four years later , Lucullus overthrew the whole military power of the Armenian monarchy ; and it was half as large as that with which Caesar changed the fate of the world at Pharsalia . The Romans probably thought it strong enough to subdue all the slaves in Italy , and Varinius sufficiently skilful to defeat their leaders and send them to Rome in chains . But they were to have a rough awakening from their dreams of invincibility , though some early successes of Varinius for a time apparently justified their confidence . The army of Spartacus numbered forty thousand men , but it was poorly armed , and its discipline was very imperfect . It still lacked , to use a modern term , “ the baptism of fire , ” — never yet having been matched in the open field against a regular force . Its arms were chiefly agricultural implements , and wooden pikes that had been made by hardening the points of stakes with fire . Spartacus resolved upon retreating into Lucania ; but the Gauls in his army , headed by his lieutenant Crixus , pronounced this decision cowardly , separated themselves from the main body , attacked the Romans , and were utterly routed . The retreat to Lucania was then made in perfect safety , and even with glory , apart from the skill with which it was conducted . Watching his opportunity , and showing that he understood the military principle of cutting up an enemy in detail , Spartacus fell upon a Roman detachment , two thousand strong , and destroyed it . Shortly after this , the Roman general succeeded , as he thought , in getting him into a trap . The servile encampment was upon a piece of ground hemmed in on one side by mountains , on the other by impassable waters , and the Romans were about to close up the only outlets with some of those grand works to which they owed so many of their conquests , when , one night , Spartacus silently retreated , leaving his camp in such a state as completely deceived the enemy , who did not discover what had happened until the next morning , when the gladiators were beyond their reach . This masterly retreat was followed up by a brilliant surprise of a division of the Roman army under the command of Cossinius . The night was just getting in , and the soldiers were resting from their day 's march and from the labors of forming the encampment , when the Thracian fell upon them . Thus suddenly attacked , they fled , without making any show of resistance ,— abandoning everything to the assailants . Cossinius himself , who was bathing , had time only to escape with his life . The Romans rallied , a battle ensued , and they were routed , Cossinius being among the slain . This action took place not far from the Aufidus , which had witnessed the slaughter of Cannae . Spartacus now considered his army fairly “ blooded . ” It had routed a Roman detachment , and defeated a small army . Two Roman camps had fallen into its hands , under circumstances that gave indications of superior generalship , and several towns had been stormed . Though still deficient in arms , he resolved to attack Varinius . Sallust represents him as addressing his army before the battle , and telling them that they were about to enter , not upon a single action , but upon a long war ,— that from success , then , would follow a series of victories ,— and that therein lay their only salvation from a death at once excruciating and infamous . They must , he said , live upon victory after victory ,— an expression that showed he had a clear comprehension of the nature of his situation . In the battle that followed , Varinius was beaten , unhorsed , and compelled to fly for his life . All his personal goods fell into the hands of Spartacus . His lictors , with the fasces , shared the same fate . Spartacus assumed the dress of the Roman , and all the ensigns of authority . He has been censured for this ; but a little reflection ought to convince every one that he did not act from vanity , but from a profound appreciation of the state of things in Italy . The slaves , of which his army was composed , were accustomed to see the emblems of authority with which he was now clothed and surrounded in the possession of their masters alone ; and when they beheld them on and about their chief , they were not only reminded of the governing power , but also of the overthrow of those who had therefore monopolized it . Spartacus was a statesman ; and knew how to operate on the minds of the rude masses who followed him and obeyed his orders . The defeat of Varinius left the whole of Lower Lucania at the mercy of the gladiators . Spartacus now established posts at Metapontum and at Thurii . Here he labored , with unceasing energy and industry , to organize and discipline his men . Adopting various measures to prevent them from becoming enervated through the abundance in which they were revelling , he prohibited the use of money among them , and gave all that he himself had to relieve those who had suffered from the war . Some of his officers are said to have followed his example in making so great a sacrifice for the common good . Towards the close of the year Varinius had succeeded in getting another army on foot . With this he resolved to watch the enemy ,— repeated defeats having made the Romans cautious , though they were not even yet seriously alarmed . He formed and fortified a camp , whence he kept a look-out . There was some skirmishing , but no fighting on a large scale . This did not suit Spartacus , who had become confident in himself and his men . He desired battle , but wished the Romans should take the initiative , and was convinced that the near approach of winter would compel them soon to fight or to retreat . To encourage them , he feigned fear , and commenced a retrograde movement ; but no sooner had the elated Romans advanced in pursuit than he turned upon them , and they were compelled to fight under circumstances that made defeat certain . This second rout of Varinius was total , and we hear no more of him . Never had there been a more successful campaign than that which Spartacus had just closed . His force had been increased from less than one hundred men to nearly one hundred thousand . He had proved himself more than the equal of the generals who had been sent against him , both in strategy and in arms . He had fought three great battles , and numerous lesser actions , and had been uniformly successful . Like Carnot , he had “ organized victory . ” A large part of Italy was at his command , and , under any other circumstances than those which existed , or against any other foe than Rome , he would probably have found little difficulty in establishing a powerful state , the origin of which would have been far more respectable than of that with which he was contending . But he was a statesman , and knew , that , brilliant as were his successes , he had no chance of accomplishing anything permanent within the Peninsula . He was fighting , too , for freedom , not for dominion . His plan was to get out of Italy . Two courses were open to him . He might retreat to the extremity of the Peninsula , cross the strait that separates it from Sicily , and renew the servile wars of that island ; or he might march north , force his way out of Italy , and so with most of his followers reach their homes in Gaul and Thrace . The latter course was determined upon ; but the more hot-headed portion of his men , the Gauls , were opposed to it , and resolved to march upon Rome . A division of the victorious army ensued . The larger number , under Spartacus , proceeded to carry out the wise plan of their leader , but the minority refused to obey him . We have seen , that , at the very outset of his enterprise , Spartacus encountered opposition from the Gauls in his army , who were ever for rash measures , and that , separating themselves from their associates , under the lead of Crixus , they had been defeated . Crixus rejoined his old chieftain , and did good service ; but he and his countrymen , untaught by experience , and inflated with a notion of invincibility ,— on what founded , it would be hard to say ,— would not aid Spartacus in his prudent attempt to lead his followers out of Italy . Rome was their object , and , to the number of thirty thousand , they separated themselves from the main army . At first , the event seemed to justify their decision . Meeting a Roman army , commanded by the Pr æ tor Arrius , on the borders of Samnium , the Gauls put it to rout , and the victory of Crixus was not less decisive than any of those which had been won by Spartacus . But this splendid dawn was soon overcast . Crixus was a drunkard , and , while sleeping off one of his fits of intoxication , he was set upon by a Roman army under the Consul Gellius . He was killed , and his followers either shared his fate or were totally dispersed . This was the first great victory won by the Romans in the war . The defeat of Varinius aroused the Roman government to see that their enemy was not to be despised , and , revolted slave though he was , they were compelled to pay him the respect of making prodigious efforts to effect his destruction . The Consuls Gellius and Lentulus were charged with the conduct of the war . The former overthrew the Gauls . The latter followed Spartacus , and came up with him in Etruria . Here a contest of pure generalship took place . Lentulus was determined not to fight until Gellius — whose victory he knew of — should have come up ; and Spartacus was equally determined that fight he should before the junction could be effected . He succeeded in blocking up the road by which Gellius was advancing , unknown to Lentulus , and then offered the latter battle . Supposing that his colleague would join him in the course of the action , the Roman accepted the challenge and was beaten . The victors then marched to meet Gellius , who was served after the same manner as Lentulus . Spartacus was the only general who ever defeated two great Roman armies , each headed by a Consul , on the same day , and in different battles . Hannibal 's Austerlitz , Cannae , approaches nearest to this exploit of the Thracian ; but on that field the two consular armies were united under the command of Varro . These great successes were soon followed by the defeat of two lesser Roman armies , combined under the lead of the Praetor Manlius and the Proconsul Cassius . This last victory not only left the whole open country at the command of Spartacus , but also the road to Rome , upon which city he now resolved to march . It would have been wiser , had he persevered in his original plan , the execution of which his victories must have made it easy to carry out . But perhaps success had its usual effect , even on his mind , and blinded him to the impossibility of permanent triumph in Italy . He winnowed his army , dismissing all his soldiers except such as were distinguished by their bravery , their strength , and their intelligence . In order that his march might be swift , he caused all the superfluous baggage to be destroyed . Every beast of burden that could be dispensed with was slain . His prisoners were disposed of after the same fashion . In a modern general such an act would be utterly without excuse . But it was strictly in accordance with the laws of ancient warfare , and Spartacus probably felt far more regret at sacrificing his beasts of burden than he experienced in consenting to , if he did not order , the butchery of some thousands of men whom he must have looked upon as so many brutes . Proceeding to the south , Spartacus fell in with a great Roman army led by Arrius , and a battle was fought near Ancona , in which victory was true to the gladiator . The Romans were not only beaten , their army was utterly destroyed ; a result which they seem to have felt to be so shameful , that they made no apologies for it . Why , after this signal victory , Spartacus did not forthwith carry out his grand design of attacking Rome ,— a design every way so worthy of his genius , and which alone could give him a chance of achieving permanent success after he had abandoned the idea of forcing his way out of Italy by a northern march ,— can never be known . It is supposed to have been in consequence of information that circumstances had now placed it in his power to effect a passage into Sicily , a project which he had regarded with favor at an earlier period . At this time the Cilician pirates had the command of the Mediterranean , which they held until they were conquered , some years later , by Pompeius . It was by the aid of these men that Spartacus expected to carry his army into Sicily . They had shipping in abundance , and in a few days they could have conveyed a hundred thousand men across the narrow strait that separates Sicily from Italy . This they agreed to do , and were paid in advance by Spartacus , though it is probable that he relied less upon that payment for their assistance than upon the palpable fact that their interests were the same as his own . The pirates were on the sea what the gladiatorial army was on land . They were the victims of Roman oppression , and had become outlaws because the world 's law was against them . A union of their fleets , which numbered more than a thousand vessels , with the army of Spartacus , in the harbors and on the fields of Sicily , would perhaps have been more than a match for the whole power of Rome , contending as the republic then was with Mithridates , and bleeding still from the wounds inflicted by Marius and Sulla , as well as from the blows of Spartacus . Sicily , too , was then in a state which promised well for the design of the Thracian . Verres was ruling over the island ,— and how he ruled it Cicero has told us . Had the victorious Thracian entered the island , both the free population and the slaves would have risen against the Romans . A new state might have been formed , strong both in fleets and in armies , and compelled from the very nature of its origin to contend to the death with its old oppressors . Whatever the result , it is certain that a long Sicilian war , like that which the Romans had been compelled to wage with the Carthaginians , would have changed the course of history , by directing the attention and the energies of such men as Crassus , Pompeius , and Caesar to very different fields from those on which their fame and power were won . But it was not to be . There was work for Rome to do , which could be done by no other nation . The power that had been found superior to Hannibal was not to fall before Spartacus , or even to have its course stayed materially by his victories . He marched to the foot of Italy , on the shore of the strait , where he expected to find his supposed naval allies . He was disappointed . They , impolitic no less than faithless , broke their engagement after they had pocketed the sum agreed upon for their services . It was impossible for Spartacus to carry out his design ; for not only had he no vessels , but his followers were , it is altogether probable , incapable of building them . The Romans , too , must have had ships in the strait , and a very few would have been found enough to keep it clear of the unskilful gladiators , even had the latter had the time and the means to construct boats . After the defeat of the Romans under Arrius , the Senate had called Crassus to the chief command , resolving to make an herculean effort to destroy their terrible enemy . The accounts are somewhat confused , but , according to Plutarch , Crassus commenced operations against Spartacus before the latter marched for Sicily . He sent one of his lieutenants , Mummius , to follow and harass the gladiators , but with orders to avoid a general engagement . The lieutenant disobeyed his orders , fought a battle , and was defeated . Not a few of his men threw away their arms , and fled ,— an uncommon thing with a Roman army . The victors continued their march , but , as we have seen , failed in their main object . Spartacus then took up a position in the territory of Rhegium , which is over against Sicily . He must have been convinced by this time that the crisis of his fortune had arrived , and though he would not even then entirely give up all idea of crossing over into the island that lay within sight of his camp , he prepared to meet the coming storm , which had been for some time gathering in his rear . Accordingly he faced about , and commenced a game of generalship with Crassus , who was now in person at the head of the Roman army . [ 5 ] It is probable that justice has never been done to Crassus as a military man . Roman writers were not likely to deal fairly with a man who closed his career so fatally to himself , and so disgracefully in every way to his country . It was his misfortune — a misfortune of his own creating — to lead the finest Roman army that had ever been seen in the East to destruction , in an unjust attack on the Parthians . Had he succeeded , the injustice of his course would have been overlooked by his countrymen ; but they never could forgive his defeat . Yet it is certain that this man , who has come down to us as a contemptible creature , having small claim to consideration beyond what he derived from his enormous possessions , not only exhibited eminent military ability in the War of Spartacus , but , when a young man , won that great battle which takes its name from the Colline Gate , and which laid the Roman world at the feet of Sulla . Pontius Telesious had marched upon Rome , with the intention of “ destroying the den of the wolves of Italy , ” and Sulla arrived to the city 's rescue but just in time . In the battle that immediately followed , Sulla , at the head of the left wing of his army , was completely defeated , while the right wing , commanded by Crassus , was as completely victorious . Talent must have had something to do with Crassus 's success , which enabled Sulla to retrieve his fortunes , and to triumph over the Marius party . One hundred thousand men are said to have fallen in this battle . The avarice of Crassus and his want of popular manners were fatal to him in life , and his defeat left him no friends in death . Of all men then living , Crassus was best entitled to command an army employed in fighting revolted slaves . If not the greatest slaveholder in Rome , he was the most systematic of the class of owners , and knew best how to turn the industry of slaves to account . He was the wealthiest citizen of the republic . One can understand how indignant such a person must have felt at the audacity of the gladiator and his followers . As a slaveholder , as a man of property , as a lover of law and order , he was concerned at so very disorderly a spectacle as that of slaves subverting all the laws of the republic ; as a Roman , he felt that abhorrence for slaves which was common to the character . Here were motives enough to bring out the powers of any man , if powers he had in him ; and it does not follow that because Crassus was very rich he was therefore a fool . He was a man of consummate talents , and at this particular time was probably the most influential citizen of Rome . The Romans had confidence in him , as the embodiment of the spirit of supremacy by which they were so completely animated . The event showed that their confidence was not misplaced . The army of Crassus was two hundred thousand strong , and having restored its discipline by examples of great severity , he marched to meet Spartacus ; but on arriving in front of the latter 's position , he would not attack it , while Spartacus showed an equal unwillingness to fight . The Roman determined to blockade the enemy . As they had the sea on one side , and that was held by a fleet , he commenced a line of works , the completion of which would have rendered it impossible for the gladiators to escape . These works were on the usual Roman scale , and consisted principally of walls and ditches , a hundred thousand men being employed in their construction . So cleverly did Crassus conceal what he was about , that it was not until he had almost accomplished his design that Spartacus discovered the intention of his foe . The emergency was suited to his genius , and he was not unequal to it . He began a series of attacks on the Romans , harassing them perpetually , retarding their labors , and drawing their attention from that point of their line by which he purposed to extricate his army . At last , on a night when a terrible snow-storm was raging , he led his men to a place where the Roman works were yet incomplete , the snow enabling them to march noiselessly . When they reached the line , the immense ditches seemed to bar their further advance ; but they set resolutely at work to fill them . Earth , snow , fagots , and dead bodies of men and beasts were hastily thrown into them ; and across this singular bridge the whole army poured into the country , leaving the Roman camp behind , and having rendered nugatory all the laborious digging and trenching of the legions . It was not until the next morning that Crassus discovered what had been done , and how thoroughly he had been out-generalled by Spartacus . But he had no room for vexation in his mind . He was so frightened as a Roman citizen , that he could not feel mortified as a Roman soldier . He took counsel of his fears , and did that which he had cause both to be ashamed of and to regret in after days . He wrote to the Senate , stating that in his opinion not only should Pompeius be summoned home from Spain , but Lucullus also from the East , to aid in putting down an enemy who was unconquerable by ordinary means . A short time sufficed to show how indiscreetly for his own fame he had acted ; for Spartacus was unable to follow up his success , in consequence of mutinies in his army . The Gauls again rebelled against his authority , and left him . Crassus concentrated his whole force in an attack on the seceders , and a battle followed which Plutarch says was the most severely contested of the war . The Romans remained masters of the field , more than twelve thousand of the Gauls being slain , of whom only two were wounded in the back , the rest falling in the ranks . Spartacus retreated to the mountains of Petelia , closely followed by Roman detachments . Turning upon them , he drove them back ; but this last gleam of success led to his destruction . His policy was to avoid a battle , but his men would not listen to his prudent counsels , and compelled him to face about and march against Crassus . This was what the Roman desired ; for Pompeius was bringing up an army from Spain , and would be sure to reap all the honors of the war , were it to be prolonged . Some accounts represent Spartacus as anxious for battle . Whether he was so or not , he made every preparation that became a good general . The armies met on the Silarus , in the northern part of Lucania ; and the battle which followed , and which was to finish this remarkable war , was fought not far from where the traveller now sees the noble ruins of Paestum . Spartacus made his last speech to his soldiers , warning them of what they would have to expect , if they should fall alive into the hands of their old masters . By way of practical commentary on his text , he caused a cross to be erected on a height , and to that cross was nailed a living Roman , whose agonies were visible to the whole army . Spartacus then ordered his horse to be brought to him in front of the army , and slew the animal with his own hands . “ I am determined , ” he said to his men , “ to share all your dangers . Our positions shall be the same . If we are victorious , I shall get horses enough from the foe . If we are beaten , I shall need a horse no more . ” [ 6 ] When the Earl of Warwick , the King-maker , killed his horse in front of the Yorkist army , at the battle of Towton , ( fought on Palm Sunday , 1461 ,) he little knew that he was imitating the action of a general of revolted slaves , more than fifteen centuries earlier . Warwick is said to have done the same thing at the battle of Barnet , the last of his fields , where he was defeated and slain , fighting for the House of Lancaster . The battle that followed was the most severely contested action of that warlike period , which , extending through two generations , saw the victories of Marius over the Northern barbarians at its commencement , and Pharsalia and Munda and Philippi at its close . The insurgents attacked with great fury , but with method , Spartacus leading the way at the head of a band of select followers , thus acting the part of a soldier as well as of a general . The Romans steadily resisted ,— and the slaughter was great on both sides . At last , victory began to incline towards the gladiators , when Spartacus fell , and the fortune of the day was changed . He had made a fierce charge on the Romans , with the intention of cutting his way to Crassus . Two centurions had fallen by his sword , and a number of inferior men , when he was himself wounded in one of his thighs . Falling upon one knee , he still continued to fight , until he was overpowered and slain . The battle was maintained for some time longer , and ended only with the destruction of the insurgents , thirty thousand of whom were killed ;— Livy puts their killed at forty thousand . The Roman slain numbered twenty thousand , and they had as many more wounded . Only six thousand prisoners fell into the hands of Crassus , who caused the whole of them to be crucified ,— the crosses being placed at intervals on both sides of the Appian Way , between Capua and Rome , and the whole Roman army being marched through the horrible lines . A body of five thousand fugitives , who sought refuge in the north , were intercepted by Pompeius on his homeward march from Spain , and slaughtered to a man . Thus fell Spartacus , and far more nobly than either of the great republican chiefs whose deaths were so soon to follow . Pompeius , who boasted that he had cut up the war by the roots , ran away from Pharsalia , without an effort to retrieve his fortunes , though the force opposed to him in the battle was only half as large as his own , and he had still abundant resources for future operations . Crassus , who claimed to have conquered Spartacus , and who not unreasonably resented the pretensions of Pompeius , fell miserably in Parthia , after having led the Romans to the most fatal of their fields except Cannae . Wanting the nerve to die sword in hand in the midst of his foes , like Spartacus , he consented to adorn the triumph of those foes , and perished as ignominiously as the great gladiator gloriously . WHO PAID FOR THE PRIMA DONNA ? I . “ If anything could make a man forgive himself for being sixty years old , ” said the Consul , holding up his wine-glass between his eye and the setting sun ,— for it was summer-time , “ it would be that he can remember M. —— in her divine sixteenity at the Park Theatre , thirty odd years ago . Egad , Sir , one could n't help making great allowances for Don Giovanni , after seeing her in Zerlina . She was beyond imagination piquante and delicious . ” The Consul , as my readers may have partly inferred , was not a Roman Consul , nor yet a French one . He had had the honor of representing this great republic at one of the Hanse Towns ,— I forget which ,— in President Monroe 's time . I do n't recollect how long he held the office , but it was long enough to make the title stick to him for the rest of his life with the tenacity of a militia colonelcy or village diaconate . The country people round about used to call him “ the Counsel ” which , I believe ,— for I am not very fresh from my school-books ,— was etymologically correct enough , however orthoepically erroneous . He had not limited his European life , however , within the precinct of his Hanseatic consulship , but had dispersed himself very promiscuously over the Continent , and had seen many cities , and the manners of many men — and of some women ,— singing-women , I mean , in their public character ; for the Consul , correct of life as of ear , never sought to undeify his divinities by pursuing them from the heaven of the stage to the purgatorial intermediacy of the coulisses , still less to the lower depth of disenchantment into which too many of them sunk in their private life . “ Yes , Sir , ” he went on , “ I have seen and heard them all ,— Catalani , Pasta , Pezzaroni , Grisi , and all the rest of them , even Sonntag ,— though not in her very best estate ; but I give you my word there is none that has taken lodgings here , ” tapping his forehead , “ so permanently as the Signorina G ——, or that I can see and hear so distinctly , when I am in the mood of it , by myself . Rosina , Desdemona , Cinderella , and , as I said just now , Zerlina ,— she is as fresh in them all to my mind 's eye and ear , as if the Park Theatre had not given way to a cursed shoe-shop , and I had been hearing her there only last night . Let 's drink her memory , ” the Consul added , half in mirth and half in melancholy ,— a mood to which he was not unused , and which did not ill become him . Now no intelligent person , who knew the excellence of the Consul 's wine , could refuse to pay this posthumous honor to the harmonious shade of the lost Muse . The Consul was an old-fashioned man in his tastes , to be sure , and held to the old religion of Madeira which divided the faith of our fathers with the Cambridge Platform , and had never given in to the later heresies which have crept into the communion of good-fellowship from the South of France and the Rhine . “ A glass of Champagne , ” he would say , “ is all well enough at the end of dinner , just to take the grease out of one 's throat , and get the palate ready for the more serious vintages ordained for the solemn and deliberate drinking by which man justifies his creation ; but Madeira , Sir , Madeira is the only stand-by that never fails a man and can always be depended upon as something sure and steadfast . ” I confess to having fallen away myself from the gracious doctrine and works to which he had held so fast ; but I am no bigot ,— which for a heretic is something remarkable ,— and had no scruple about uniting with him in the service he proposed , without demur or protestation as to form or substance . Indeed , he disarmed fanaticism by the curious care he bestowed on making his works conformable to the faith that was in him ; for , partly by inheritance and partly by industrious pains , his old house was undermined by a cellar of wine such as is seldom seen in these days of modern degeneracy . He is the last gentleman , that I know of , of that old school that used to import their own wine and lay it down annually themselves ,— their bins forming a kind of vinous calendar suggestive of great events . Their degenerate sons are content to be furnished , as they want it , from the dubious stores of the vintner , by retail . “ I suppose it was her youth and beauty , Sir , ” I suggested , “ that made her so rememberable to you . You know she was barely turned seventeen when she sung in this country . ” “ Partly that , no doubt , ” replied the Consul , “ but not altogether , nor chiefly . No , Sir , it was her genius which made her beauty so glorious . She was wonderfully handsome , though . She was a phantom of delight , as that Lake fellow says , ” — it was thus profanely that the Consul designated the poet Wordsworth , whom he could not abide ,— “ and the best thing he ever said , by Jove ! ” “ And did you never see her again ? ” I inquired . “ Once , only , ” he answered ,— “ eight or nine years afterwards , a year or two before she died . It was at Venice , and in Norma . She was different , and yet not changed for the worse . There was an indescribable look of sadness out of her eyes , that touched one oddly and fixed itself in the memory . But she was something apart and by herself , and stamped herself on one 's mind as Rachel did in Camille or Ph è dre . It was true genius , and no imitation , that made both of them what they were . But she actually had the physical beauty which Rachel only compelled you to think she had by the force of her genius and consummate dramatic skill , while she was on the scene before you . ” “ But do you rank M. —— with Rachel as a dramatic artist ? ” I asked . “ I cannot tell , ” he answered ; “ but if she had not the studied perfection of Rachel , which was always the same and could not be altered without harm , she had at least a capacity of impulsive self-adaptation about her which made her for the time the character she personated ,— not always the same , but such as the woman she represented might have been in the shifting phases of the passion that possessed her . And to think that she died at eight-and-twenty ! What might not ten years more have made her ! ” “ It is odd , ” I observed , “ that her fame should be forever connected with the name she got by her first unlucky marriage in New York . For it was unlucky enough , I believe ,— was it not ? ” “ You may say that , ” responded the Consul , “ without fear of denial or qualification . It was disgraceful in its beginning and in its ending . It was a swindle on a large scale ; and poor Maria G —— was the one who suffered the most by the operation . ” “ I have always heard , ” said I , “ that old G —— was cheated out of the price for which he had sold his daughter , and that M. M. —— got his wife on false pretences . ” “ Not altogether so , ” returned the Consul . “ I happen to know all about that matter from the best authority . She was obtained on false pretences , to be sure , but it was not G —— that suffered by them . M. M. ——, moreover , never paid the price agreed upon , and yet G —— got it for all that . ” “ Indeed ! ” I exclaimed , “ it must have been a neat operation . I cannot exactly see how the thing was done ; but I have no doubt a tale hangs thereby , and a good one . Is it tellable ? ” “ I see no reason why not , ” said the Consul ; “ the sufferer made no secret of it , and I know of no reason why I should . Mynheer Van Holland told me the story himself , in Amsterdam , in the year ‘ Thirty-five . ” “ And who was he ? ” I inquired , “ and what had he to do with it ? ” “ I 'll tell you , ” responded the Consul , filling his glass and passing the bottle , “ if you will have the goodness to shut the window behind you and ring for candles ; for it gets chilly here among the mountains as soon as the sun is down . ” I beg your pardon ,— did you make a remark ?— Oh , what mountains ? You must really pardon me ; I cannot give you such a clue as that to the identity of my dear Consul , just now , for excellent and sufficient reasons . But if you have paid your money for the sight of this Number , you may take your choice of all the mountain ranges on the continent , from the Rocky to the White , and settle him just where you like . Only you must leave a gap to the westward , through which the river — also anonymous for the present distress — breaks its way , and which gives him half an hour 's more sunshine than he would otherwise be entitled to , and slope the fields down to its margin near a mile off , with their native timber thinned so skilfully as to have the effect of the best landscape-gardening . It is a grand and lovely scene ; and when I look at it , I do not wonder at one of the Consul 's apophthegms , namely , that the chief advantage of foreign travel is , that it teaches you that one place is just as good to live in as another . Imagine that the one place he had in his mind at the time was just this one . But that is neither here nor there . When candles came , we drew our chairs together , and he told me in substance the following story . I will tell it in my own words ,— not that they are so good as his , but because they come more readily to the nib of my pen . II . New York has grown considerably since she was New Amsterdam , and has almost forgotten her whilom dependence on her first godmother . Indeed , had it not been for the historic industry of the erudite Diedrich Knickerbocker , very few of her sons would know much about the obligations of their nursing mother to their old grandame beyond sea , in the days of the Dutch dynasty . Still , though the old monopoly has been dead these two hundred years , or thereabout , there is I know not how many fold more traffic with her than in the days when it was in full life and force . Doth not that benefactor of his species , Mr. Udolpho Wolfe , derive thence his immortal , or immortalizing , Schiedam Schnapps , the virtues whereof , according to his advertisements , are fast transferring dram-drinking from the domain of pleasure to that of positive duty ? Tobacco-pipes , too , and toys , such as the friendly saint , whom Protestant children have been taught by Dutch tradition to invoke , delights to drop into the votive stocking ,— they come from the mother city , where she sits upon the waters , quite as much a Sea-Cybele as Venice herself . And linens , too , fair and fresh and pure as the maidens that weave them , come forth from Dutch looms ready to grace our tables or to deck our beds . And the mention of these brings me back to my story ,— though the immediate connection between Holland linen and M. —— ‘ s marriage may not at first view be palpable to sight . Still , it is a fact that the web of this part of her variegated destiny was spun and woven out of threads of flax that took the substantial shape of fine Hollands ;— and this is the way in which it came to pass . Mynheer Van Holland , of whom the Consul spoke just now , you must understand to have been one of the chief merchants of Amsterdam , a city whose merchants are princes and have been kings . His transactions extended to all parts of the Old World and did not skip over the New . His ships visited the harbor of New York as well as of London ; and as he died two or three years ago a very rich man , his adventures in general must have been more remunerative than the one I am going to relate . In the autumn of the year 1825 , it seemed good to this worthy merchant to despatch a vessel with a cargo chiefly made up of linens to the market of New York . The honest man little dreamed with what a fate his ship was fraught , wrapped up in those flaxen folds . He happened to be in London the Winter before , and was present at the d é but of Maria G —— at the King 's Theatre . He must have admired the beauty , grace , and promise of the youthful Rosina , had he been ten times a Dutchman ; and if he heard of her intended emigration to America , as he possibly might have done , it most likely excited no particular emotion in his phlegmatic bosom . He could not have imagined that the exportation of a little singing-girl to New York should interfere with a potential venture of his own in fair linen . The gods kindly hid the future from his eyes , so that he might enjoy the comic vexation her lively sallies caused to Doctor Bartolo in the play , unknowing that she would be the innocent cause of a more serious provocation to himself , in downright earnest . He thought of this , himself , after it had all happened . Well , the good ship Steenbok had prosperous gales and fair weather across the ocean , and dropped anchor off the Battery with some days to spare from the amount due to the voyage . The consignee came off and took possession of the cargo , and duly transferred it to his own warehouse . Though the advantages of advertising were not as fully understood in those days of comparative ignorance as they have been since , he duly announced the goods which he had received , and waited for a customer . He did not have to wait long . It was but a day or two after the appearance of the advertisement in the newspapers that he had prime Holland linens on hand , just received from Amsterdam , when he was waited upon by a gentleman of good address and evidently of French extraction , who inquired of the consignee , whom we will call Mr. Schulemberg for the nonce , “ whether he had the linens he had advertised yet on hand . ” “ They are still on hand and on sale , ” said Mr. Schulemberg . “ What is the price of the entire consignment ? ” inquired the customer . “ Fifty thousand dollars , ” responded Mr. Schulemberg . “ And the terms ? ” “ Cash , on delivery . ” “ Very good , ” replied the obliging buyer , “ if they be of the quality you describe in your advertisement , I will take them on those terms . Send them down to my warehouse , No . 118 Pearl Street , tomorrow morning , and I will send you the money . ” “ And your name ? ” inquired Mr. Schulemberg . “ Is M. ——, ” responded the courteous purchaser . The two merchants bowed politely , the one to the other , mutually well pleased with the morning 's work , and bade each other good day . Mr. Schulemberg knew but little , if anything , about his new customer ; but as the transaction was to be a cash one , he did not mind that . He calculated his commissions , gave orders to his head clerk to see the goods duly delivered the next morning , and went on change and thence to dinner in the enjoyment of a complacent mind and a good appetite . It is to be supposed that M. M. —— did the same . At any rate , he had the most reason ,— at least , according to his probable notions of mercantile morality and success . III . The next day came , and with it came , betimes , the packages of linens to M. M. —— ‘ s warehouse in Pearl Street ; but the price for the same did not come as punctually to Mr. Schulemberg 's counting-room , according to the contract under which they were delivered . In point of fact , M. M. —— was not in at the time ; but there was no doubt that he would attend to the matter without delay , as soon as he came in . A cash transaction does not necessarily imply so much the instant presence of coin as the unequivocal absence of credit . A day or two more or less is of no material consequence , only there is to be no delay for sales and returns before payment . So Mr. Schulemberg gave himself no uneasiness about the matter when two , three , and even five and six days had slid away without producing the apparition of the current money of the merchant . A man who transacted affairs on so large a scale as M. M. ——, and conducted them on the sound basis of ready money , might safely be trusted for so short a time . But when a week had elapsed and no tidings had been received either of purchaser or purchase-money , Mr. Schulemberg thought it time for himself to interfere in his own proper person . Accordingly , he incontinently proceeded to the counting-house of M. M. —— to receive the promised price or to know the reason why . If he failed to obtain the one satisfaction , he at least could not complain of being disappointed of the other . Matters seemed to be in some little unbusiness-like confusion , and the clerks in a high state of gleeful excitement . Addressing himself to the chief among them , Mr. Schulemberg asked the pertinent question ,— “ Is M. M. —— in ? ” “ No , Sir , ” was the answer , “ he is not ; and he will not be just at present . ” “ But when will he be in ? for I must see him on some pressing business of importance . ” “ Not to-day , Sir , ” replied the clerk , smiling expressively ; “ he cannot be interrupted to-day on any business of any kind whatever . ” “ The deuce he can n't ! ” returned Mr. Schulemberg . “ I 'll see about that very soon , I can tell you . He promised to pay me cash for fifty thousand dollars ’ worth of Holland linens a week ago ; I have not seen the color of his money yet , and I mean to wait no longer . Where does he live ? for if he be alive , I will see him and hear what he has to say for himself , and that speedily . ” “ Indeed , Sir , ” pleasantly expostulated the clerk , “ I think when you understand the circumstances of the case , you will forbear disturbing M. M. —— this day of all others in his life . ” “ Why , what the devil ails this day above all others , ” said Mr. Schulemberg , somewhat testily , “ that he can n't see his creditors and pay his debts on it ? ” “ Why , Sir , the fact is , ” the clerk replied , with an air of interest and importance , “ it is M. M. —— ‘ s wedding-day . He marries this morning the Signorina G ——, and I am sure you would not molest him with business on such an occasion as that . ” “ But my fifty thousand dollars ! ” persisted the consignee , “ and why have they not been paid ? ” “ Oh , give yourself no uneasiness at all about that , Sir , ” replied the clerk , with the air of one to whom the handling of such trifles was a daily occurrence ; “ M. M. —— will , of course , attend to that matter the moment he is a little at leisure . In fact , I imagine , that , in the hurry and bustle inseparable from an event of this nature , the circumstance has entirely escaped his mind ; but as soon as he returns to business again , I will recall it to his recollection , and you will hear from him without delay . ” The clerk was right in his augury as to the effect his intelligence would have upon the creditor . It was not a clerical error on his part when he supposed that Mr. Schulemberg would not choose to enact the part of skeleton at the wedding breakfast of the young Prima Donna . There is something about the great events of life , which cannot happen a great many times to anybody ,— “ A wedding or a funeral , A mourning or a festival ,— ” that touches the strings of the one human heart of us all and makes it return no uncertain sound . Shylock himself would hardly have demanded his pound of flesh on the wedding-day , had it been Antonio that was to espouse the fair Portia . Even he would have allowed three days of grace before demanding the specific performance of his bond . Now Mr. Schulemberg was very far from being a Shylock , and he was also a constant attendant upon the opera , and a devoted admirer of the lovely G ——. So he could not wonder that a man on the eve of marriage with that divine creature should forget every other consideration in the immediate contemplation of his happiness ,— even if it were the consideration for a cargo of prime linens , and one to the tune of fifty thousand dollars . And it is altogether likely that the mundane reflection occurred to him , and made him easier in his mind under the delay , that old G —— was by no means the kind of man to give away a daughter who dropped gold and silver from her sweet lips whenever she opened them in public , as the princess in the fairy-tale did pearls and diamonds , to any man who could not give him a solid equivalent in return . So that , in fact , he regarded the notes of the Signorina G —— as so much collateral security for his debt . So Mr. Schulemberg was content to bide his reasonable time for the discharge of M. M. —— ‘ s indebtedness to his principal . He had advised Mynheer Van Holland of the speedy sale of his consignment , and given him hopes of a quick return of the proceeds . But as days wore away , it seemed to him that the time he was called on to bide was growing into an unreasonable one . I cannot state with precision exactly how long he waited . Whether he disturbed the sweet influences of the honey-moon by his intrusive presence , or permitted that nectareous satellite to fill her horns and wax and wane in peace before he sought to bring the bridegroom down to the things of earth , are questions which I must leave to the discretion of my readers to settle , each for himself or herself , according to their own notions of the proprieties of the case . But at the proper time , after patience had thrown up in disgust the office of a virtue , he took his hat and cane one fine morning and walked down to No . 118 , Pearl Street , for the double purpose of wishing M. M. —— joy of his marriage and of receiving the price , promised long and long withheld , of the linens which form the tissue of my story . “ The gods gave ear and granted half his prayer ; The rest the winds dispersed in empty air . ” There was not the slightest difficulty about his imparting his epithalamic congratulation ,— but as to his receiving the numismatic consideration for which he hoped in return , that was an entirely different affair . He found matters in the Pearl-Street counting-house again apparently something out of joint , but with a less smiling and sunny atmosphere pervading them than he had remarked on his last visit . He was received by M. M. —— with courtesy , a little over-strained , perhaps , and not as flowing and gracious as at their first interview . Preliminaries over , Mr. Schulemberg , plunging with epic energy into the midst of things , said , “ I have called , M. M. ——, to receive the fifty thousand dollars , which , you will remember , you engaged to pay down for the linens I sold you on such a day . I can make allowance for the interruption which has prevented your attending to this business sooner , but it is now high time that it were settled . ” “ I consent to it all , Monsieur , ” replied M. M. ——, with a deprecatory gesture ; “ you have reason , and I am desolated that it is the impossible that you ask of me to do . ” “ How , Sir ! ” demanded the creditor ; “ what do you mean by the impossible ? You do not mean to deny that you agreed to pay cash for the goods ? ” “ My faith , no , Monsieur , ” shruggingly responded M. M. ——; “ I avow it ; you have reason ; I promised to pay the money , as you say it ; but if I have not the money to pay you , how can I pay you the money ? What to do ? ” “ I do n't understand you , Sir , ” returned Mr. Schulemberg . “ You have not the money ? And you do not mean to pay me according to agreement ? ” “ But , Monsieur , how can I when I have not money ? Have you not heard that I have made — what you call it ?— failure , yesterday ? I am grieved of it , thrice sensibly ; but if it went of my life , I could not pay you for your fine linens , which were of a good market at the price . ” “ Indeed , sir , ” replied Mr. Schulemberg , “ I had not heard of your misfortunes ; and I am heartily sorry for them , on my own account and yours , but still more on account of your charming wife . But there is no great harm done , after all . Send the linens back to me and accounts shall be square between us , and I will submit to the loss of the interest . ” “ Ah , but , Monsieur , you are too good , and Madame will be recognizant to you forever for your gracious politeness . But , my God , it is impossible that I return to you the linen . I have sold it , Monsieur , I have sold it all ! ” “ Sold it ? ” reiterated Mr. Schulemberg , regardless of the rules of etiquette , “ Sold it ? And to whom , pray ? And when ? ” “ To M. G ——, my father-in-the-law , ” answered the catechumen , blandly ; “ and it is a week that he has received it . ” “ Then I must bid you a good morning , Sir , ” said Mr. Schulemberg , rising hastily and collecting his hat and gloves , “ for I must lose no time in taking measures to recover the goods before they have changed hands again . ” “ Pardon , Monsieur , ” interrupted the poor , but honest M. ——, “ but it is too late ! One cannot regain them . M. G —— embarked himself for Mexico yesterday morning , and carried them all with him ! ” Imagine the consternation and rage of poor Mr. Schulemberg at finding that he was sold , though the goods were not ! I decline reporting the conversation any farther , lest its strength of expression and force of expletive might be too much for the more queasy of my readers . Suffice it to say , that the swindlee , if I may be allowed the royalty of coining a word , at once freed his own mind and imprisoned the body of M. M. ——; for in those days imprisonment for debt was a recognized institution , and I think few of its strongest opponents will deny that this was a case to which it was no abuse to apply it . IV . I regret that I am compelled to leave this exemplary merchant in captivity ; but the exigencies of my story , the moral of which beckons me away to the distant coast of Mexico , require it at my hands . The reader may be consoled , however , by the knowledge that he obtained his liberation in due time , his Dutch creditor being entirely satisfied that nothing whatsoever could be squeezed out of him by passing him between the bars of the debtor 's prison , though that was all the satisfaction he ever did get . How he accompanied his young wife to Europe and there lived by the coining of her voice into drachmas , as her father had done before him , needs not to be told here ; nor yet how she was divorced from him , and made another matrimonial venture in partnership with De B ——. I have nothing to do with him or her , after the bargain and sale of which she was the object , and the consequences which immediately resulted from it ; and here , accordingly , I take my leave of them . But my story is not quite done yet ; it must now pursue the fortunes of the enterprising impresario , Signor G ——, who had so deftly turned his daughter into a ship-load of fine linens . This excellent person sailed , as M. M. —— told Mr. Schulemberg , for Vera Cruz , with an assorted cargo , consisting of singers , fiddlers , and , as aforesaid , of Mynheer Van Holland 's fine linens . The voyage was as prosperous as was due to such an argosy . If a single Amphion could not be drowned by the utmost malice of gods and men , so long as he kept his voice in order , what possible mishap could befall a whole ship-load of them ? The vessel arrived safely under the shadow of San Juan de Ulua , and her precious freight in all its varieties was welcomed with a tropical enthusiasm . The market was bare of linen and of song , and it was hard to say which found the readiest sale . Competition raised the price of both articles to a fabulous height . So the good G —— had the benevolent satisfaction of clothing the naked and making the ears that heard him to bless him at the same time . After selling his linens at a great advance on the cost price , considering he had only paid his daughter for them , and having given a series of the most successful concerts ever known in those latitudes , Signor G —— set forth for the Aztec City . As the relations of meum and tuum were not upon the most satisfactory footing just then at Vera Cruz , he thought it most prudent to carry his well-won treasure with him to the capital . His progress thither was a triumphal procession . Not Cort é s , not General Scott , himself , marched more gloriously along the steep and rugged road that leads from the sea-coast to the table-land , than did this son of song . Every city on his line of march was the monument of a victory , and from each one he levied tribute and bore spoils away . And the vanquished thanked him for this spoiling of their goods . Arrived at the splendid city , at that time the largest and most populous on the North American continent , he speedily made himself master of it , a welcome conqueror . The Mexicans , with the genuine love for song of their Southern ancestors , had had but few opportunities for gratifying it such as that now offered to them . G —— was a tenor of great compass , and a most skilful and accomplished singer . The artists who accompanied him were of a high order of merit , if not of the very first class . Mexico had never heard the like , and , though a hard-money country , was glad to take their notes and give them gold in return . They were feasted and flattered in the intervals of the concerts , and the bright eyes of Se ñ oras and Se ñ oritas rained influence upon them on the off nights , as their fair hands rained flowers upon the on ones . And they have a very pleasant way , in those golden realms , of giving ornaments of diamonds and other precious stones to virtuous singers , as we give pencil-cases and gold watches to meritorious railway conductors and hotel clerks , as a testimonial of the sense we entertain of their private characters and public services . The gorgeous East herself never showered on her kings barbaric pearl and gold with a richer hand than the city of Mexico poured out the glittering rain over the portly person of the happy G ——. Saturated at length with the golden flood and its foam of pearl and diamond ,— if , indeed , singer were ever capable of such saturation , and were not rather permeable forever like a sieve of the Danaides ,— saturated , or satisfied that it was all run out , he prepared to take up his line of march back again to the City of the True Cross . Mexico mourned over his going , and sent him forth upon his way with blessings and prayers for his safe return . But , alas ! the blessings and the prayers were alike vain . The saints were either deaf or busy , or had gone a journey , and either did not hear or did not mind the vows that were sent up to them . At any rate , they did not take that care of the worthy G —— which their devotees had a right to expect of them . Turning his back on the Halls of the Montezumas , where he had revelled so sumptuously , he proceeded on his way towards the Atlantic coast , as fast as his mules thought fit to carry him and his beloved treasure . With the proceeds of his linens and his lungs , he was rich enough to retire from the vicissitudes of operatic life , to some safe retreat in his native Spain or his adoptive Italy . Filled with happy imaginings , he fared onward , the bells of his mules keeping time with the melodious joy of his heart , until he had descended from the tierra caliente to the wilder region on the hither side of Jalapa . As the narrow road turned sharply , at the foot of a steeper descent than common , into a dreary valley , made yet more gloomy by the shadow of the hill behind intercepting the sun , though the afternoon was not far advanced , the impresario was made unpleasantly aware of the transitory nature of man 's hopes and the vanity of his joys . When his train wound into the rough open space , it found itself surrounded by a troop of men whose looks and gestures bespoke their function without the intermediation of an interpreter . But no interpreter was needed in this case , as Signor G —— was a Spaniard by birth , and their expressive pantomime was a sufficiently eloquent substitute for speech . In plain English , he had fallen among thieves , with very little chance of any good Samaritan coming by to help him . Now Signor G —— had had dealings with brigands and banditti all his operatic life . Indeed , he had often drilled them till they were perfect in their exercises , and got them up regardless of expense . Under his direction they had often rushed forward to the footlights , pouring into the helpless mass before them repeated volleys of explosive crotchets . But this was a very different chorus that now saluted his eyes . It was the real thing , instead of the make-believe , and , in the opinion of Signor G ——, at least , very much inferior to it . Instead of the steeple-crowned hat , jauntily feathered and looped , these irregulars wore huge sombreros , much the worse for time and weather , flapped over their faces . For the velvet jacket with the two-inch tail , which had nearly broken up the friendship between Mr. Pickwick and Mr. Tupman , when the latter gentleman proposed induing himself with one , on the occasion of Mrs. Leo Hunter 's fancy-dress breakfast ,— for this integument , I say , these minions of the moon had blankets round their shoulders , thrown back in preparation for actual service . Instead of those authentic cross-garterings in which your true bandit rejoices , like a new Malvolio , to tie up his legs , perhaps to keep them from running away , these false knaves wore , some of them , ragged boots up to their thighs , while others had no crural coverings at all , and only rough sandals , such as the Indians there use , between their feet and the ground . They were picturesque , perhaps , but not attractive to wealthy travellers . But the wealthy travellers were attractive to them ; so they came together , all the same . Such as they were , however , there they were , fierce , sad , and sallow , with vicious-looking knives in their belts , and guns of various parentage in their hands , while their Captain bade our good man stand and deliver . There was no room for choice . He had an escort , to be sure ; but it was entirely unequal to the emergency ,— even if it were not , as was afterwards shrewdly suspected , in league with the robbers . The enemy had the advantage of arms , position , and numbers ; and there was nothing for him to do but to disgorge his hoarded gains at once , or to have his breath stripped first and his estate summarily administered upon afterwards by these his casual heirs ,— as the King of France , by virtue of his Droit d'Aubaine , would have confiscated Yorick 's six shirts and pair of black silk breeches , in spite of his eloquent protest against such injustice , had he chanced to die in his Most Christian Majesty 's dominions . As Signor G —— had an estate in his breath , from which he could draw a larger yearly rent than the rolls of many a Spanish grandee could boast , he wisely chose the part of discretion and surrendered at the same . His new acquaintances showed themselves expert practitioners in the breaking open of trunks and the rifling of treasure-boxes . All his beloved doubloons , all his cherished dollars , for the which no Yankee ever felt a stronger passion , took swift wings and flew from his coffers to alight in the hands of the adversary . The sacred recesses of his pockets , and those of his companions , were sacred no longer from the sacrilegious hands of the spoilers . The breast-pins were ravished from the shirt-frills ,— for in those days studs were not ,— and the rings snatched from the reluctant fingers . All the shining testimonials of Mexican admiration were transferred with the celerity of magic into the possession of the chivalry of the road . Not Faulconbridge himself could have been more resolved to come on at the beckoning of gold and silver than were they , and , good Catholics though they were , it is most likely that Bell , Book , and Candle would have had as little restraining influence over them as he professed to feel . At last they rested from their labors . To the victors belonged the spoils , as they discovered with instinctive sagacity that they should do , though the apophthegm had not yet received the authentic seal of American statesmanship . Science and skill had done their utmost , and poor G —— and his companions in misery stood in the centre of the ring stripped of everything but the clothes on their backs . The duty of the day being satisfactorily performed , the victors felt that they had a right to some relaxation after their toils . And now a change came over them which might have reminded Signor G —— of the banditti of the green-room , with whose habits he had been so long familiar and whose operations he had himself directed . Some one of the troop , who , however fit for stratagems and spoils , had yet music in his soul , called aloud for a song . The idea was hailed with acclamations . Not satisfied with the capitalized results of his voice to which they had helped themselves , they were unwilling to let their prey go until they had also ravished from him some specimens of the airy mintage whence they had issued . Accordingly the Catholic vagabonds seated themselves on the ground , a fuliginous parterre to look upon , and called upon G —— for a song . A rock which projected itself from the side of the hill served for a stage as well as the “ green plat ” in the wood near Athens did for the company of Manager Quince , and there was no need of “ a tyring-room , ” as poor G —— had no clothes to change for those he stood in . Not the Hebrews by the waters of Babylon , when their captors demanded of them a song of Zion , had less stomach for the task . But the prime tenor was now before an audience that would brook neither denial nor excuse . Nor hoarseness , nor catarrh , nor sudden illness , certified unto by the friendly physician , would avail him now . The demand was irresistible ; for when he hesitated , the persuasive though stern mouth of a musket hinted to him in expressive silence that he had better prevent its speech with song . So he had to make his first appearance upon that “ unworthy scaffold , ” before an audience which , multifold as his experience had been , was one such as he had never sung to yet . As the shadows of evening began to fall , rough torches of pine wood were lighted and shed a glare such as Salvator Rosa loved to kindle , upon a scene such as he delighted to paint . The rascals had taste ,— that the tenor himself could not deny . They knew the choice bits of the operas which held the stage forty years ago , and they called for them wisely and applauded his efforts vociferously . Nay , more , in the height of their enthusiasm , they would toss him one of his own doubloons or dollars , instead of the bouquets usually hurled at well-deserving singers . They well judged that these flowers that never fade would be the tribute he would value most , and so they rewarded his meritorious strains out of his own stores , as Claude Du Val or Richard Tarpin , in the golden days of highway robbery , would sometimes generously return a guinea to a traveller he had just lightened of his purse , to enable him to continue his journey . It was lucky for the unfortunate G —— that their approbation took this solid shape , or he would have been badly off indeed ; for it was all he had to begin the world with over again . After his appreciating audience had exhausted their musical repertory and had as many encores as they thought good , they broke up the concert and betook themselves to their fastnesses among the mountains , leaving their patient to find his way to the coast as best he might , with a pocket as light as his soul was heavy . At Vera Cruz a concert or two furnished him with the means of embarking himself and his troupe for Europe , and leaving the New World forever behind him . And here I must leave him , for my story is done . The reader hungering for a moral may discern , that , though Signor G —— received the price he asked for his lovely daughter , it advantaged him nothing , and that he not only lost it all , but it was the occasion of his losing everything else he had . This is very well as far as it goes ; but then it is equally true that M. M. —— actually obtained his wife , and that Mynheer Van Holland paid for her . I dare say all this can be reconciled with the eternal fitness of things ; but I protest I do n't see how it is to be done . It is “ all a muddle , ” in my mind . I cannot even affirm that the banditti were ever hanged ; and I am quite sure that the unlucky Dutch merchant , whose goods were so comically mixed up with this whole history , never had any poetical or material justice for his loss of them . But it is as much the reader 's business as mine to settle these casuistries . I only undertook to tell him who it was that paid for the Prima Donna ,— and I have done it . V . “ I consider that a good story , ” said the Consul , when he had finished the narration out of which I have compounded the foregoing ,— “ and , what is not always the case with a good story , it is a true one . ” I cordially concurred with my honored friend in this opinion , and if the reader should unfortunately differ from me on this point , I beg him to believe that it is entirely my fault . As the Consul told it to me , it was an excellent good story . “ Poor Mynheer Van Holland , ” he added , laughing , “ never got over that adventure . Not that the loss was material to him ; he was too rich for that ; but the provocation of his fifty thousand dollars going to a parcel of Mexican ladrones , after buying an opera-singer for a Frenchman on its way , was enough to rouse even Dutch human-nature to the swearing-point . He could not abide either Frenchmen or opera-singers , all the rest of his life . And , by Jove , I do n't wonder at it ! ” Nor I , neither , for the matter of that . TWO RIVERS . Thy summer voice , Musketaquit , Repeats the music of the rain ; But sweeter rivers pulsing flit Through thee , as thou through Concord Plain . Thou in thy narrow banks art pent : The stream I love unbounded goes Through flood and sea and firmament ; Through light , through life , it forward flows . I see the inundation sweet , I hear the spending of the stream Through years , through men , through nature fleet , Through passion , thought , through power and dream . Musketaquit , a goblin strong , Of shard and flint makes jewels gay ; They lose their grief who hear his song , And where he winds is the day of day . So forth and brighter fares my stream ,— Who drink it shall not thirst again ; No darkness stains its equal gleam , And ages drop in it like rain . THE AUTOCRAT OF THE BREAKFAST-TABLE . EVERY MAN HIS OWN BOSWELL . The “ Atlantic ” obeys the moon , and its LUNIVERSARY has come round again . I have gathered up some hasty notes of my remarks made since the last high tides , which I respectfully submit . Please to remember this is talk ; just as easy and just as formal as I choose to make it . — I never saw an author in my life — saving , perhaps , one — that did not purr as audibly as a full-grown domestic cat , ( Felis Catus , LINN .,) on having his fur smoothed in the right way by a skilful hand . But let me give you a caution . Be very careful how you tell an author he is droll . Ten to one he will hate you ; and if he does , be sure he can do you a mischief , and very probably will . Say you cried over his romance or his verses , and he will love you and send you a copy . You can laugh over that as much as you like — in private . — Wonder why authors and actors are ashamed of being funny ?— Why , there are obvious reasons , and deep philosophical ones . The clown knows very well that the women are not in love with him , but with Hamlet , the fellow in the black cloak and plumed hat . Passion never laughs . The wit knows that his place is at the tail of a procession . If you want the deep underlying reason , I must take more time to tell it . There is a perfect consciousness in every form of wit — using that term in its general sense — that its essence consists in a partial and incomplete view of whatever it touches . It throws a single ray , separated from the rest ,— red , yellow , blue , or any intermediate shade ,— upon an object ; never white light ; that is the province of wisdom . We get beautiful effects from wit ,— all the prismatic colors ,— but never the object as it is in fair daylight . A pun , which is a kind of wit , is a different and much shallower trick in mental optics ; throwing the shadows of two objects so that one overlies the other . Poetry uses the rainbow tints for special effects , but always keeps its essential object in the purest white light of truth .— Will you allow me to pursue this subject a little further ? They did n't allow me at that time , for somebody happened to scrape the floor with his chair just then ; which accidental sound , as all must have noticed , has the instantaneous effect that Proserpina 's cutting the yellow hair had upon infelix Dido . It broke the charm , and that breakfast was over . — Do n't flatter yourselves that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates . On the contrary , the nearer you come into relation with a person , the more necessary do tact and courtesy become . Except in cases of necessity , which are rare , leave your friend to learn unpleasant truths from his enemies ; they are ready enough to tell them . Good-breeding never forgets that amour-propre is universal . When you read the story of the Archbishop and Gil Blas , you may laugh , if you will , at the poor old man 's delusion ; but do n't forget that the youth was the greater fool of the two , and that his master served such a booby rightly in turning him out of doors . — You need not get up a rebellion against what I say , if you find everything in my sayings is not exactly new . You can n't possibly mistake a man who means to be honest for a literary pickpocket . I once read an introductory lecture that looked to me too learned for its latitude . On examination , I found all its erudition was taken ready-made from D'Israeli . If I had been ill-natured , I should have shown up the Professor , who had once belabored me in his feeble way , but one can generally tell these wholesale thieves easily enough , and they are not worth the trouble of putting them in the pillory . I doubt the entire novelty of my remarks just made on telling unpleasant truths , yet I am not conscious of any larceny . Neither make too much of flaws and occasional overstatements . Some persons seem to think that absolute truth , in the form of rigidly stated propositions , is all that conversation admits . This is precisely as if a musician should insist on having nothing but perfect chords and simple melodies ,— no diminished fifths , no flat sevenths , no flourishes , on any account . Now it is fair to say , that , just as music must have all these , so conversation must have its partial truths , its embellished truths , its exaggerated truths . It is in its higher forms an artistic product , and admits the ideal element as much as pictures or statues . One man who is a little too literal can spoil the talk of a whole tableful of men of esprit .— “ Yes , ” you say , “ but who wants to hear fanciful people 's nonsense ? Put the facts to it , and then see where it is ! ” — Certainly , if a man is too fond of paradox ,— if he is flighty and empty ,— if , instead of striking those fifths and sevenths , those harmonious discords , often so much better than the twinned octaves , in the music of thought ,— if , instead of striking these , he jangles the chords , stick a fact into him like a stiletto . But remember that talking is one of the fine arts ,— the noblest , the most important , and the most difficult ,— and that its fluent harmonies may be spoiled by the intrusion of a single harsh note . Therefore conversation which is suggestive rather than argumentative , which lets out the most of each talker 's results of thought , is commonly the pleasantest and the most profitable . It is not easy , at the best , for two persons talking together to make the most of each other 's thoughts , there are so many of them . The company looked as if they wanted an explanation . When John and Thomas , for instance , are talking together , it is natural enough that among the six there should be more or less confusion and misapprehension . Our landlady turned pale ;— no doubt she thought there was a screw loose in my intellects ,— and that involved the probable loss of a boarder . A severe-looking person , who wears a Spanish cloak and a sad cheek , fluted by the passions of the melodrama , whom I understand to be the professional ruffian of the neighboring theatre , alluded , with a certain lifting of the brow , drawing down of the corners of the mouth , and somewhat rasping voce di petto , to Falstaff 's nine men in buckram . Everybody looked up . I believe the old gentleman opposite was afraid I should seize the carving-knife ; at any rate , he slid it to one side , as it were carelessly . I think , I said , I can make it plain to Benjamin Franklin here , that there are at least six personalities distinctly to be recognized as taking part in that dialogue between John and Thomas . { 1 . The real John ; known only { to his Maker . { { 2 . John 's ideal John ; never the Three Johns { real one , and often very unlike him . { { 3 . Thomas 's ideal John ; never { the real John , nor John 's { John , but often very unlike { either . { 1 . The real Thomas . Three Thomases . { 2 . Thomas 's ideal Thomas . { 3 . John 's ideal Thomas Only one of the three Johns is taxed ; only one can be weighed on a platform-balance ; but the other two are just as important in the conversation . Let us suppose the real John to be old , dull , and ill-looking . But as the Higher Powers have not conferred on men the gift of seeing themselves in the true light , John very possibly conceives himself to be youthful , witty , and fascinating , and talks from the point of view of this ideal . Thomas , again , believes him to be an artful rogue , we will say ; therefore he is , so far as Thomas 's attitude in the conversation is concerned , an artful rogue , though really simple and stupid . The same conditions apply to the three Thomases . It follows , that , until a man can be found who knows himself as his Maker knows him , or who sees himself as others see him , there must be at least six persons engaged in every dialogue between two . Of these , the least important , philosophically speaking , is the one that we have called the real person . No wonder two disputants often get angry , when there are six of them talking and listening all at the same time . A very unphilosophical application of the above remarks was made by a young fellow , answering to the name of John , who sits near me at table . A certain basket of peaches , a rare vegetable , little known to boarding-houses , was on its way to me vi â this unlettered Johannes . He appropriated the three that remained in the basket , remarking that there was just one apiece for him . I convinced him that his practical inference was hasty and illogical , but in the mean time he had eaten the peaches . — The opinions of relatives as to a man 's powers are very commonly of little value ; not merely because they overrate their own flesh and blood , as some may suppose ; on the contrary , they are quite as likely to underrate those whom they have grown into the habit of considering like themselves . The advent of genius is like what florists style the breaking of a seedling tulip into what we may call high-caste colors ,— ten thousand dingy flowers , then one with the divine streak ; or , if you prefer it , like the coming up in old Jacob 's garden of that most gentlemanly little fruit , the seckel pear , which I have sometimes seen in shop-windows . It is a surprise ,— there is nothing to account for it . All at once we find that twice two make five . Nature is fond of what are called “ gift-enterprises . ” This little book of life which she has given into the hands of its joint possessors is commonly one of the old story-books bound over again . Only once in a great while there is a stately poem in it , or its leaves are illuminated with the glories of art , or they enfold a draft for untold values signed by the millionfold millionnaire old mother herself . But strangers are commonly the first to find the “ gift ” that came with the little book . It may be questioned whether anything can be conscious of its own flavor . Whether the musk-deer , or the civet-cat , or even a still more eloquently silent animal that might be mentioned , is aware of any personal peculiarity , may well be doubted . No man knows his own voice ; many men do not know their own profiles . Every one remembers Carlyle 's famous “ Characteristics ” article ; allow for exaggerations , and there is a great deal in his doctrine of the self-unconsciousness of genius . It comes under the great law just stated . This incapacity of knowing its own traits is often found in the family as well as in the individual . So never mind what your cousins , brothers , sister , uncles , aunts , and the rest , say about the fine poem you have written , but send it ( postage paid ) to the editors , if there are any , of the “ Atlantic , ” — which , by the way , is not so called because it is a notion , as some dull wits wish they had said , but are too late . — Scientific knowledge , even in the most modest persons , has mingled with it a something which partakes of insolence . Absolute , peremptory facts are bullies , and those who keep company with them are apt to get a bullying habit of mind ;— not of manners , perhaps ; they may be soft and smooth , but the smile they carry has a quiet assertion in it , such as the Champion of the Heavy Weights , commonly the best-natured , but not the most diffident of men , wears upon what he very inelegantly calls his “ mug . ” Take the man , for instance , who deals in the mathematical sciences . There is no elasticity in a mathematical fact ; if you bring up against it , it never yields a hair 's breadth ; everything must go to pieces that comes in collision with it . What the mathematician knows being absolute , unconditional , incapable of suffering question , it should tend , in the nature of things , to breed a despotic way of thinking . So of those who deal with the palpable and often unmistakable facts of external nature ; only in a less degree . Every probability — and most of our common , working beliefs are probabilities — is provided with buffers at both ends , which break the force of opposite opinions clashing against it ; but scientific certainty has no spring in it , no courtesy , no possibility of yielding . All this must react on the minds that handle these forms of truth . — Oh , you need not tell me that Messrs. A. and B. are the most gracious , unassuming people in the world , and yet pre ë minent in the ranges of science I am referring to . I know that as well as you . But mark this which I am going to say once for all : If I had not force enough to project a principle full in the face of the half dozen most obvious facts which seem to contradict it , I would think only in single file from this day forward . A rash man , once visiting a certain noted institution at South Boston , ventured to express the sentiment , that man is a rational being . An old woman who was an attendant in the Idiot School contradicted the statement , and appealed to the facts before the speaker to disprove it . The rash man stuck to his hasty generalization , notwithstanding . [— It is my desire to be useful to those with whom I am associated in my daily relations . I not unfrequently practise the divine art of music in company with our landlady 's daughter , who , as I mentioned before , is the owner of an accordion . Having myself a well-marked barytone voice of more than half an octave in compass , I sometimes add my vocal powers to her execution of : “ Thou , thou reign'st in this bosom , ” — not , however , unless her mother or some other discreet female is present , to prevent misinterpretation or remark . I have also taken a good deal of interest in Benjamin Franklin , before referred to , sometimes called B. F. or more frequently Frank , in imitation of that felicitous abbreviation , combining dignity and convenience , adopted by some of his betters . My acquaintance with the French language is very imperfect , I having never studied it anywhere but in Paris , which is awkward , as B. F. devoted himself to it with the peculiar advantage of an Alsacian teacher . The boy , I think , is doing well , between us , notwithstanding . The following is an uncorrected French exercise , written by this young gentleman . His mother thinks it very creditable to his abilities ; though , being unacquainted with the French language , her judgment cannot be considered final . LE RAT DES SALONS À LECTURE . Ce rat ç i est un animal fort singulier . Il a deux pattes de derri è re sur lesquelles il marche , et deux pattes de devant dont il fait usage pour tenir les journaux . Cet animal a le peau noir pour le plupart , et porte un cercle blanch â tre autour de son cou . On le trouve tous les jours aux dits salons , ou il demeure , digere , s'il y a de quoi dans son interieur , respire , tousse , eternue , dort , et ronfle quelquefois , ayant toujours le semblance de lire . On ne sait pas s'il a une autre gite que cel à. Il a l'air d'une b ê te tr è s stupide , mais il est d'une sagacit é et d'une vitesse extraordinaire quand il s'agit de saisir un journal nouveau . On ne sait pas pourquoi il lit , parcequ'il ne parait pas avoir des id é es . Il vocalise rarement , mais en revanche , il fait des bruits nasaux divers . Il porte un crayon dans une de ses poches pectorales , avec lequel il fait des marques sur les bords des journaux et des livres , semblable aux suivans : !!!— Bah ! Pooh ! Il ne faut pas cependant les prendre pour des signes d'intelligence . Il ne vole pas , ordinairement ; il fait rarement m ê me des echanges de parapluie , et jamais de chapeau , parceque son chapeau a toujours un caract è re specifique . On ne sait pas au juste ce dont il se nourrit . Feu Cuvier é tait d'avis que c'etait de l'odeur du cuir des reliures ; ce qu'on dit d'etre une nourriture animale fort saine , et peu ch è re . Il vit bien longtems . Enfin il meure , en laissant à ses h é ritiers une carte du Salon à Lecture ou il avait exist é pendant sa vie . On pretend qu'il revient toutes les nuits , apr è s la mort , visiter le Salon . On peut le voir , dit on , a minuit , dans sa place habituelle , tenant le journal du soir , et ayant à sa main un crayon de charbon . Le lendemain on trouve des caract è res inconnus sur les bords du journal . Ce qui prouve que le spiritulisme est vrai , et que Messieurs les Professors de Cambridge sont des imbe ç iles qui ne savent rien du tout , du tout . I think this exercise , which I have not corrected , or allowed to be touched in any way , is very creditable to B. F. You observe that he is acquiring a knowledge of zo ö logy at the same time that he is learning French . Fathers of families who take this periodical will find it profitable to their children , and an economical mode of instruction , to set them to revising and amending this boy 's exercise . The passage was originally taken from the “ Histoire Naturelle des B ê tes Ruminans et Rougeurs , Bip è des et Autres , ” lately published in Paris . This was translated into English and published in London . It was republished at Great Pedlington , with notes and additions by the American editor . The notes consist of an interrogation-mark on page 53d , and a reference ( p. 127th ) to another book “ edited ” by the same hand . The additions consist of the editor 's name on the title-page and back , with a complete and authentic list of said editor 's honorary titles in the first of these localities . Our boy translated the translation back into French . This may be compared with the original , to be found on Shelf 13 , Division X , of the Public Library of this metropolis .] — Some of you boarders ask me from time to time why I do n't write a story , or a novel , or something of that kind . Instead of answering each one of you separately , I will thank you to step up into the wholesale department for a few moments , where I deal in answers by the piece and by the bale . That every articulately-speaking human being has in him stuff for one novel in three volumes duodecimo has long been with me a cherished belief . It has been maintained , on the other hand , that many persons cannot write more than one novel ,— that all after that are likely to be failures .— Life is so much more tremendous a thing in its heights and depths than any transcript of it can be , that all records of human experience are as so many bound herbaria to the innumerable glowing , glistening , rustling , breathing , fragrance-laden , poison-sucking , life-giving , death-distilling leaves and flowers of the forest and the prairies . All we can do with books of human experience is to make them alive again with something borrowed from our own lives . We can make a book alive for us just in proportion to its resemblance in essence or in form to our own experience . Now an author 's first novel is naturally drawn , to a great extent , from his personal experiences ; that is , is a literal copy of nature under various slight disguises . But the moment the author gets out of his personality , he must have the creative power , as well as the narrative art and the sentiment , in order to tell a living story ; and this is rare . Besides , there is great danger that a man 's first life-story shall clean him out , so to speak , of his best thoughts . Most lives , though their stream is loaded with sand and turbid with alluvial waste , drop a few golden grains of wisdom as they flow along . Oftentimes a single cradling gets them all , and after that the poor man 's labor is only rewarded by mud and worn pebbles . All which proves that I , as an individual of the human family , could write one novel or story at any rate , if I would . — Why do n't I , then ?— Well , there are several reasons against it . In the first place , I should tell all my secrets , and I maintain that verse is the proper medium for such revelations . Rhythm and rhyme and the harmonies of musical language , the play of fancy , the fire of imagination , the flashes of passion , so hide the nakedness of a heart laid open , that hardly any confession , transfigured in the luminous halo of poetry , is reproached as self-exposure . A beauty shows herself under the chandeliers , protected by the glitter of her diamonds , with such a broad snowdrift of white arms and shoulders laid bare , that , were she unadorned and in plain calico , she would be unendurable — in the opinion of the ladies . Again , I am terribly afraid I should show up all my friends . I should like to know if all story-tellers do not do this ? Now I am afraid all my friends would not bear showing up very well ; for they have an average share of the common weakness of humanity , which I am pretty certain would come out . Of all that have told stories among us there is hardly one I can recall that has not drawn too faithfully some living portrait that might better have been spared . Once more , I have sometimes thought it possible I might be too dull to write such a story as I should wish to write . And finally , I think it very likely I shall write a story one of these days . Do n't be surprised at anytime , if you see me coming out with “ The Schoolmistress , ” or “ The Old Gentleman Opposite . ” [ Our schoolmistress and our old gentleman that sits opposite had left the table before I said this .] I want my glory for writing the same discounted now , on the spot , if you please . I will write when I get ready . How many people live on the reputation of the reputation they might have made ! —— I saw you smiled when I spoke about the possibility of my being too dull to write a good story . I do n't pretend to know what you meant by it , but I take occasion to make a remark that may hereafter prove of value to some among you .— When one of us who has been led by native vanity or senseless flattery to think himself or herself possessed of talent arrives at the full and final conclusion that he or she is really dull , it is one of the most tranquillizing and blessed convictions that can enter a mortal 's mind . All our failures , our short-comings , our strange disappointments in the effect of our efforts are lifted from our bruised shoulders , and fall , like Christian 's pack , at the feet of that Omnipotence which has seen fit to deny us the pleasant gift of high intelligence , with which one look may overflow us in some wider sphere of being . —— How sweetly and honestly one said to me the other day , “ I hate books ! ” A gentleman ,— singularly free from affectations ,— not learned , of course , but of perfect breeding , which is often so much better than learning ,— by no means dull , in the sense of knowledge of the world and society , but certainly not clever either in the arts or sciences ,— his company is pleasing to all who know him . I did not recognize in him inferiority of literary taste half so distinctly as I did simplicity of character and fearless acknowledgment of his inaptitude for scholarship . In fact , I think there are a great many gentlemen and others , who read with a mark to keep their place , that really “ hate books , ” but never had the wit to find it out , or the manliness to own it . Entre nous , I always read with a mark . We get into a way of thinking as if what we call an “ intellectual man ” was , as a matter of course , made up of nine-tenths , or thereabouts , of book-learning , and one-tenth himself . But even if he is actually so compounded , he need not read much . Society is a strong solution of books . It draws the virtue out of what is best worth reading , as hot water draws the strength of tea-leaves . If I were a prince , I would hire or buy a private literary tea-pot , in which I would steep all the leaves of new books that promised well . The infusion would do for me without the vegetable fibre . You understand me ; I would have a person whose sole business should be to read day and night , and talk to me whenever I wanted him to . I know the man I would have : a quick-witted , out-spoken , incisive fellow ; knows history , or at any rate has a shelf full of books about it , which he can use handily , and the same of all useful arts and sciences ; knows all the common plots of plays and novels , and the stock company of characters that are continually coming on in new costume ; can give you a criticism of an octavo in an epithet and a wink , and you can depend on it ; cares for nobody except for the virtue there is in what he says ; delights in taking off big wigs and professional gowns , and in the disembalming and unbandaging of all literary mummies . Yet he is as tender and reverential to all that bears the mark of genius ,— that is ; of a new influx of truth or beauty ,— as a nun over her missal . In short , he is one of those men that know everything except how to make a living . Him would I keep on the square next my own royal compartment on life 's chessboard . To him I would push up another pawn , in the shape of a comely and wise young woman , whom he would of course take — to wife . For all contingencies I would liberally provide . In a word , I would , in the plebeian , but expressive phrase , “ put him through ” all the material part of life ; see him sheltered , warmed , fed , button-mended , and all that , just to be able to lay on his talk when I liked ,— with the privilege of shutting it off at will . A Club is the next best thing to this , strung like a harp , with about a dozen ringing intelligences , each answering to some chord of the macrocosm . They do well to dine together once in a while . A dinner-party made up of such elements is the last triumph of civilization over barbarism . Nature and art combine to charm the senses ; the equatorial zone of the system is soothed by well-studied artifices ; the faculties are off duty , and fall into their natural attitudes ; you see wisdom in slippers and science in a short jacket . The whole force of conversation depends on how much you can take for granted . Vulgar chess-players have to play their game out ; nothing short of the brutality of an actual checkmate satisfies their dull apprehensions . But look at two masters of that noble game ! White stands well enough , so far as you can see ; but Red says , Mate in six moves ;— White looks ,— nods ;— the game is over . Just so in talking with first-rate men ; especially when they are good-natured and expansive , as they are apt to be at table . That blessed clairvoyance which sees into things without opening them ,— that glorious license , which , having shut the door and driven the reporter from its key-hole , calls upon Truth , majestic virgin ! to get off from her pedestal and drop her academic poses , and take a festive garland and the vacant place on the medius lectus ,— that carnival-shower of questions and replies and comments , large axioms bowled over the mahogany like bomb-shells from professional mortars , and explosive wit dropping its trains of many-colored fire , and the mischief-making rain of bon-bons pelting everybody that shows himself ,— the picture of a truly intellectual banquet is one that the old Divinities might well have attempted to reproduce in their —— —— “ Oh , oh , oh ! ” cried the young fellow whom they call John ,— “ that is from one of your lectures ! ” I know it , I replied ,— I concede it , I confess it , I proclaim it . “ The trail of the serpent is over them all ! ” All lecturers , all professors , all school-masters , have ruts and grooves in their minds into which their conversation is perpetually sliding . Did you never , in riding through the woods of a still June evening , suddenly feel that you had passed into a warm stratum of air , and in a minute or two strike the chill layer of atmosphere beyond ? Did you never , in cleaving the green waters of the Back Bay ,— where the Provincial blue-noses are in the habit of beating the “ Metropolitan ” boat-clubs ,— find yourself in a tepid streak , a narrow , local gulf-stream , a gratuitous warm-bath a little underdone , through which your glistening shoulders soon flashed , to bring you back to the cold realities of full-sea temperature ? Just so , in talking with any of the characters above referred to , one not unfrequently finds a sudden change in the style of the conversation . The lack-lustre eye , rayless as a Beacon-Street door-plate in August , all at once fills with light ; the face flings itself wide open like the church-portals when the bride and bridegroom enter ; the little man grows in stature before your eyes , like the small prisoner with hair on end , beloved yet dreaded of early childhood ; you were talking with a dwarf and an imbecile ,— you have a giant and a trumpet-tongued angel before you !—— Nothing but a streak out of a fifty-dollar lecture .—— As when , at some unlooked-for moment , the mighty fountain-column springs into the air before the astonished passer-by ,— silver-footed , diamond-crowned , rainbow-scarfed ,— from the bosom of that fair sheet , sacred to the hymns of quiet batrachians at home , and the epigrams of a less amiable and less elevated order of reptilia in other latitudes . —— Who was that person that was so abused some time since for saying that in the conflict of two races our sympathies naturally go with the higher ? No matter who he was . Now look at what is going on in India ,— a white , superior “ Caucasian ” race , against a dark-skinned , inferior , but still “ Caucasian ” race ,— and where are English and American sympathies ? We can n't stop to settle all the doubtful questions ; all we know is , that the brute nature is sure to come out most strongly in the lower race , and it is the general law that the human side of humanity should treat the brutal side as it does the same nature in the inferior animals ,— tame it or crush it . The India mail brings stories of women and children outraged and murdered ; the royal stronghold is in the hands of the babe-killers . England takes down the Map of the World , which she has girdled with empire , and makes a correction thus : [ Strike-out : DELHI ] . Dele . The civilized world says , Amen . —— Do not think , because I talk to you of many subjects briefly , that I should not find it much lazier work to take each one of them and dilute it down to an essay . Borrow some of my old college themes and water my remarks to suit yourselves , as the Homeric heroes did with their melas oinos ,— that black , sweet , syrupy wine (?) which they used to alloy with three parts or more of the flowing stream . Could it have been melasses , as Webster and his provincials spell it ,— or Molossa 's , as dear old smattering , chattering , would-be-College-President , Cotton Mather , has it in the “ Magnalia ” ? Ponder thereon , ye small antiquaries , who make barn-door-fowl flights of learning in “ Notes and Queries ” !— ye Historical Societies , in one of whose venerable triremes I , too , ascend the stream of time , while other hands tug at the oars !— ye Amines of parasitical literature , who pick up your grains of native-grown food with a bodkin , having gorged upon less honest fare , until , like the great minds Goethe speaks of , you have “ made a Golgotha ” of your pages !— ponder thereon ! —— Before you go , this morning , I want to read you a copy of verses . You will understand by the title that they are written in an imaginary character . I do n't doubt they will fit some family-man well enough . I send it forth as “ Oak Hall ” projects a coat , on a priori grounds of conviction that it will suit somebody . There is no loftier illustration of faith than this . It believes that a soul has been clad in flesh ; that tender parents have fed and nurtured it ; that its mysterious compages or frame-work has survived its myriad exposures and reached the stature of maturity ; that the Man , now self-determining , has given in his adhesion to the traditions and habits of the race in favor of artificial clothing ; that he will , having all the world to choose from , select the very locality where this audacious generalization has been acted upon . It builds a garment cut to the pattern of an Idea , and trusts that Nature will model a material shape to fit it . There is a prophecy in every seam , and its pockets are full of inspiration .— Now hear the verses . THE OLD MAN DREAMS . O for one hour of youthful joy ! Give back my twentieth spring ! I 'd rather laugh a bright-haired boy Than reign a gray-beard king ! Off with the wrinkled spoils of age ! Away with learning 's crown ! Tear out life 's wisdom-written page , And dash its trophies down ! One moment let my life-blood stream From boyhood 's fount of flame ! Give me one giddy , reeling dream Of life all love and fame ! — My listening angel heard the prayer , And calmly smiling , said , “ If I but touch thy silvered hair , Thy hasty wish hath sped . ” “ But is there nothing in thy track To bid thee fondly stay , While the swift seasons hurry back To find the wished-for day ? ” — Ah , truest soul of womankind ! Without thee , what were life ? One bliss I cannot leave behind : I 'll take — my — precious — wife ! — The angel took a sapphire pen And wrote in rainbow dew , “ The man would be a boy again , And be a husband too ! ” — “ And is there nothing yet unsaid Before the change appears ? Remember , all their gifts have fled With those dissolving years ! ” Why , yes ; for memory would recall My fond paternal joys ; I could not bear to leave them all : I 'll take — my — girl — and — boys ! The smiling angel dropped his pen ,— “ Why this will never do ; The man would be a boy again , And be a father too ! ” And so I laughed ,— my laughter woke The household with its noise ,— And wrote my dream , when morning broke , To please the gray-haired boys . AGASSIZ 'S NATURAL HISTORY . Contributions to the Natural History of the United States of America . By LOUIS AGASSIZ . Vols . I. and II . Boston : Little , Brown & Co. London : Tr ü bner & Co. 1857 . The Great Professor has given the first Monograph of his Magnum Opus to the Great Republic and the wider realm of Science . The learned world resolves itself into committees to consider every important work ; claiming leave to sit for as long a time as they choose ,— for years , or for a whole generation . Every alleged fact is to be verified or cancelled or qualified , every inference to be measured over and over again by its premises , every proposition to be tried by all the tests that can prove its strength or weakness , and the whole to be marshalled to the place it may claim in the alcoves of the universal library . No hasty opinion can anticipate this final and peremptory judgment . Its elements must of necessity be gathered slowly from many and scattered sources . The accumulated learning of the great centres of civilization , the patient investigation of plodding observers , the keen insight of subtile analysts , the jealous clairvoyance of dissentient theorists , the oblique glances of suspicious sister-sciences , the random flashes that skepticism throws from her faithless mirror to dazzle all eyes that seek for truth ; through such a varied and protracted ordeal must every record that embodies long and profound observation , large and lofty thought , reach the golden Imprimatur which is its warrant for immortality . The work of Mr. Agassiz , if we may judge it by the portion now before us , has a right to challenge such a matured opinion , and to wait for it . Not the less does a certain duty belong to us as literary journalists with reference to these stately volumes , which are in the hands of thousands , learned and unlearned , and of which there are scores of thousands waiting to hear . Our duty we consider to be four-fold : first , that of recognition in terms of fitting courtesy ; secondly , of analysis for the general reader ; thirdly , of accentuation , so to speak , of what seems most widely applicable or interesting ; and lastly , of making such comments as so pregnant a text may suggest . And first , of recognition . Here are the fruits of ten years of patient labor , taken out of the heart of life , in the age of vigor , which is that of ambition ,— to use the phrase of another great observer ,— by a man of large endowments and of vast knowledge , assisted by skilful collaborators , by finished artists , by the counsels and liberality of the learned few , and the generous countenance of the intelligent many . Before analysis , before criticism , there should be uttered a welcome ; not grudging , not envious of an overshadowing reputation , not over-curious in searching for qualifications to abate its warmth , not carefully taming down its enthusiasm to tepid formalisms ; but full-souled and free-spoken , such as all noble works and deeds should claim . The learned men of past centuries have left us an example of this treatment of authors , in those gratulatory verses with which they were wont to hail every considerable literary or scientific performance . They knew human nature well . They knew that the author , when he quenches the lamp over which he has grown haggard and pale , and steps from his cell into daylight and the chill outside air , longs , longs unutterably , for kind words , and the cheering fellowship of kindred souls ; and with instinctive grace they chose the poetical form of expression , simply because this alone gives full license to the lips of friendship . This old folio which stands by us is not precious only because it contains the quaint wisdom and manifold experience of Ambroise Par é, mingled with his credulous gossip , and again sweetened by his simple reverence ; not precious alone because it contains the noblest words ever uttered by one of his profession ,— Ie le pensay et Dieu le guarit ; but also because PIERRE RONSARD , the “ Poet of France , ” has left his deathless name thrice inscribed in its earlier pages at the foot of tributes to its author . And here in the next century comes Schenck of Grafenberg , staggering under his monstrous volume of “ Casus Rariores , ” — ready to fall fainting by the wayside , when lo ! the shining ones meet him too , and lift him and lighten him with the utterance of these fifty-one distinct poems which we see hung up on so many votive tablets at the entrance of this miniature Babel of Science . Even so late as the last century the genial custom survived ; for our worthy Stalpart van der Wiel , whose little pair of volumes was published in 1727 , can boast of twenty-two pages of well-ordered commendatory verse , much of it in his native Dutch ,— a little of which goes a good way with all except Batavian readers . But as the “ Arundines Cami , ” musical as they are , have lent no prelude to these harmonies of science , we must say in a few plain words of prose our own first thought as to the work the commencement of which lies before us . We believe , that , if completed according to its promise , it is to be one of the monumental labors of our century . Comparisons are not to be lightly instituted , and especially under circumstances that do not allow a fair survey of the whole field from which the objects to be compared are to be taken . We suppose , however , it will be conceded that the sunset continent has never witnessed anything like the inception of this mighty task in the way of systematic natural science . And if , since Cuvier , the greatest of naturalists , as Mr. Agassiz considers him , slept with the fossils to which he had given life , there has been any other student of Nature who has attempted a task so immense , with the same union of observing , reflecting , analyzing , and co ö rdinating power , we cannot name him . Our civilization has a right to be proud of such an accession to its thinking and laboring constituency ; it is also bound to be grateful for it , and to express its gratitude . It is just one hundred years since another Swiss , the magnificent Albert von Haller , gave to the world the first volume of the “ Elementa Physiologiae Corporis Humani . ” Nine years afterwards , in 1766 , the last of the eight volumes appeared ; and the vast structure , which embodied his untiring study of Nature , his world-wide erudition , his deepest thought , his highest imaginings , his holiest aspirations , stood , like the Alps whose shadow fell upon its birthplace , the lovely Lausaune , pride of the Pays de Vaud . The clepsydrae that measure the centuries as they drop from the dizzy cliffs — the glaciers , by the descent of which “ time is marked out , as by a shadow on a dial , ” and which thunder out the high noon of each revolving year with their frozen tongues , as they crack beneath the summer 's sun — have registered a new centennial circle , and at the very hour of its completion , Switzerland vindicates her ancient renown in these fair pages , at once pledge and performance , of another of her honored children . May the auspicious omen lead to as happy a conclusion ! Lovingly , then , we lay open the generous quarto and look upon its broad , bright title-page . It tells us that we have here the first of a series of “ Contributions to the Natural History of the United States of America . ” We see that one of its three parts embraces the largest generalities of Natural Science , under the head of an “ Essay on Classification . ” We see that the other two parts are devoted to the description and delineation of a single order of Reptilia ,— the Testudinata , or “ Turtles . ” If Mr. Agassiz had intentionally chosen the simplest way of proving that he had naturalized himself in New England , he could not have selected more fortunately than he has done by adopting our word Turtle to cover all the Testudinates . To an Englishman a turtle is a sea-monster , that for a brief space lies on his back and fights the air with his useless paddles in the bow-window of a provision-shop , bound eventually to Guildhall , there to feed Gog and Magog , or his worshippers , known as aldermen . For him a land-testudinate is a tortoise . When his poets and romancers speak of turtles , again , they commonly mean turtle-doves . “ Not half so swift the sailing falcon flies That drives a turtle through the liquid skies . ” The only flight of a testudinate which we remember is that downward one of the unfortunate tortoise that cracked the bald crown of Aeschylus . But turtle , as embracing all chelonians , or , as liberal shepherds call it , “ turkle , ” is unquestionably Cisatlantic . The distinguished naturalist has made himself an American citizen by adopting our own expression , and should have the freedom of all our cities presented to him in the shell of a box-TURTLE . It is singular to recall the honors which have been bestowed on the testudinates from all antiquity . It was the sun-dried and sinew-strung shell of a tortoise that suggested the lyre to Mercury , as he walked by the shore of Nilus . It was on the back of a tortoise that the Indian sage placed his elephant which upheld the world . Under the testudo the Roman legions swarmed into the walled cities of the orbis terrarum . And in that wise old fable which childhood learns , and age too often remembers , sorrowing , it was the tortoise that won the race against the swiftest of the smaller tribes , his competitor . And here once more we have his shell strung with vibrating thoughts that repeat the harmonies of nature . Once more his broad back stoops to the weighty problems which the planet proposes to its children . Once more the great cities are stormed — by science — beneath his coat of mail . Once more he has run the race , not against the hare only , but the whole animal kingdom , and won it , and with it the new fame which awaits him , as he leads in the long array of his fellows that are to come up , one by one , in these enduring records . And so we turn the leaf , and come to the DEDICATION . The Dedication of a work like this , destined to preserve all the names it enrols in the sculpture-like immortality of science , naturally delays us for a moment . Of the foreign teacher and friend to whom the author owes some of his earliest lessons , and of that group of our own citizens , most of them still living , who lent their united efforts to the enterprise of publication after it was commenced , we need not speak individually . But we cannot pass over the name of FRANCIS CALLEY GRAY without a word of grateful remembrance for one who was the friend and adviser of the author in planning the publication of the work before us . We who remember his varied culture , his large and fluent discourse , with its formidable accuracy of knowledge and gracious suavity of utterance , his taste in literature and art , which made his home a suite of princely cabinets , his generous and elegant hospitality , which scholars and artists knew so well ,— counting him as the peer , and in many points the more than peer of such as the wide world of letters is proud to claim ,— are pleased to see that his cherished name will be read by the students of unborn generations on the first leaf of this noble record of the science of our own . The PREFACE which follows the Dedication is full of grateful acknowledgments to the many friends of science , in all parts of the country , who came forward to lend their aid in various forms , especially in collecting and transmitting specimens from the most widely remote sections of the continent . The pious zeal of Mr. Winthrop Sargent , who brought a cargo of living turtles more than a thousand miles to the head-quarters of testudinous learning at Cambridge , is only paralleled by the memorable act of the Pisans in transporting ship-loads of holy soil from Palestine to fill their Campo Santo . Genius is marked by nothing more distinctly than that it makes the world its tributary . He from whose lips it speaks has but to look calmly into the eyes of dull routine , of jaded toil , of fickle childhood , and utter the words , “ Follow me . ” Custom-house officials close their books , tired fishermen leave their nets , riotous boys forsake their play , to do the master 's bidding . Is he making collections for some great purpose of study ? Piece by piece the fragmentary spoils flow in upon him , of all sizes , shapes , and hues ; a chaos of confused riches , perhaps only a wealth of rubbish , as they lie at his feet . One by one they fall into harmonious relations , until the meaningless heap has become a vast mosaic , where nothing is too minute to fill some interstice , nothing too angular to fit some corner , nothing so dull or brilliant of tint that it will not furnish its fraction of light or shadow . Such has been the history of those years of labor the results of which these volumes present to us . Whatever may have been said of the devotion of our countrymen to material interests , the wise and winning lips had only to speak , and such a currency of plastrons and carapaces was set in circulation , that the contemplative stranger who saw the mighty coinage of Chelonia flowing in upon Cambridge might well have thought that the national idea was not the Almighty Dollar , but the Almighty Turtle . Mr. Agassiz places a high estimate on the intelligence as well as the kind spirit of his adopted countrymen . “ There is not a class of learned men here , ” he says , “ distinct from the other cultivated members of the community . On the contrary , so general is the desire for knowledge , that I expect to see my book read by operatives , by fishermen , by farmers , quite as extensively as by the students of our colleges , or by the learned professions ; and it is but proper that I should endeavor to make myself understood by all . ” The deficiencies of our scientific libraries , and the want of a class of elementary works upon Natural History , such as are widely circulated in Europe , are adverted to and alleged as a reason for entering into details which the professional naturalist might think misplaced . We quote one paragraph entire from the Preface , as not susceptible of being abridged , and as briefly stating those general facts with regard to the work which all our readers must desire to know . “ I have a few words more to say respecting the two first volumes , now ready for publication . Considering the uncertainty of human life , I have wished to bring out at once a work that would exemplify the nature of the investigations I have been tracing during the last ten years , and show what is likely to be the character of the whole series . I have aimed , therefore , in preparing these two volumes , to combine them in such a manner as that they should form a whole . The First Part contains an exposition of the general views I have arrived at thus far , in my studies of Natural History . The Second Part shows how I have attempted to apply these results to the special study of Zoology , taking the order of Testudinata as an example . I believe , that , in America , where turtles are everywhere common , and greatly diversified , a student could not make a better beginning than by a careful perusal of this part , specimens in hand , with constant reference to the second chapter of the First Part . The Third Part exemplifies the bearing of Embryology upon these general questions , while it contains the fullest illustration of the embryonic growth of the Testudinata . ” The Preface closes with honorable mention of the gentlemen who have furnished direct assistance in the preparation of the work , and especially of Mr. Clark in microscopic observation and illustration , and of Mr. Sonrel in drawing the zoological figures . The LIST OF SUBSCRIBERS is not without its special meaning and interest . If , as has been said , the grade of civilization in any community can be estimated by the amount of sulphuric acid it consumes , the extent to which a work like this has been called for in different sections of the country may to some extent be considered an index of its intellectual aspirations , if not of its actual progress . This is especially true of those remoter regions where personal motives would exercise least influence . But without instituting any comparisons , we may well be proud of this ample list of twenty-five hundred subscribers , most of them citizens of the republic ,— “ a support such as was never before offered to any scientific man for purely scientific ends , without any reference to government objects or direct practical aims . ” Our analysis must confine itself mainly to the first of the three parts into which these two volumes are divided . This first part it is that contains those large results which every thinker must desire to learn from one whose life has been devoted to the searching and contemplative study of Nature . It is in the realm of thought here explored , that Natural Science , whose figure we are wont to look down upon , crouching to her task , like him of the muck-rake , as he painfully gathers together his sticks and straws , rises erect , and lifts her forehead into the upper atmosphere of philosophy , where the clouds are indeed thickest , but the stars are nearest . The second and third parts belong more exclusively to the professed students of Natural History in its different special departments . Our notice of these divisions of the work must therefore be comparatively brief . The first chapter of the first part has for its title , “ The fundamental relations of animals to one another and to the world in which they live , as the basis of the natural system of animals . ” Certain general doctrines , the spirit of which runs through all the scientific works of Mr. Agassiz , are distinctly laid down in the first section of this chapter . It is headed with the statement , “ The leading features of a natural zoological system are all founded in nature . ” The systems named from the great leaders of science are but translations of the Creator 's thoughts into human language . “ If it can be proved that man has not invented , but only traced this systematic arrangement in nature ,— that these relations and proportions which exist throughout the animal and vegetable world have an intellectual , an ideal connection in the mind of the Creator ,— that this plan of creation , which so commends itself to our highest wisdom , has not grown out of the necessary action of physical laws , but was the free conception of the Almighty Intellect , matured in his thought , before it was manifested in tangible , external forms ,— if , in short , we can prove premeditation prior to the act of creation , we have done , once and forever , with the desolate theory which refers us to the laws of matter as accounting for all the wonders of the universe , and leaves us with no God but the monotonous , unvarying action of physical forces , binding all things to their inevitable destiny . ” One more extract must be given from this section , for it is the key to the general argument which follows . “ I disclaim every intention of introducing in this work any evidence irrelevant to my subject , or of supporting any conclusions not immediately flowing from it ; but I cannot overlook nor disregard here the close connection there is between the facts ascertained by scientific investigations , and the discussions now carried on respecting the origin of organized beings . And though I know those who hold it to be very unscientific to believe that thinking is not something inherent in matter , and that there is an essential difference between inorganic and living and thinking beings , I shall not be prevented by any such pretensions of a false philosophy from expressing my conviction , that , as long as it cannot be shown that matter or physical forces do actually reason , I shall consider any manifestation of thought as evidence of the existence of a thinking being as the author of such thought , and shall look upon an intelligent and intelligible connection between the facts of nature as direct proof of the existence of a thinking God , as certainly as man exhibits the power of thinking when he recognizes their natural relations . ” We must content ourselves with the most general statement of the nature and bearing of the series of propositions which follow . They are illustrated by a large survey of the material universe in its manifestations of life , and of the relations between the various forms of life to each other and to the inorganic world . These propositions , thirty-one in number , might be called an analysis of the qualities of the Infinite Mind exhibited in the realm of organized and especially of animal being . Nothing but want of space prevents our reproducing at full length the very careful recapitulation to be found at the close of the chapter , or the analysis to be found in the Table of Contents . With something more of labor than the task of copying would have been , we have attempted to compress the truths already crowded in these brief and pregnant sentences into the still narrower compass of a few lines in our straitened pages . The harmony of the universe is a manifestation of illimitable intellect , displaying itself in various modes of thought , as these are shown in the characters and relations of organized beings : unity of thought , manifesting itself independently of space , of time , of known material agencies , of special form ,— illustrated by repetition of similar types in different circumstances , by identities , or partial resemblances , or serial connections , found under varying conditions of being ; power of expressing the same idea in innumerable forms , as in those instances of essential identity of parts in the midst of formal differences known as special homologies ; power of combination , as in the adjustment of organized beings to each other and to the inorganic world , or in the harmonious allotment of the most varied gifts to different beings ; definite recognition of time and space , as in the life of individuals , of species , in the stages of growth , in the geographical limitation of types ; prescience and omniscience , as shown in the prophetic types of earlier geological ages ; omnipresence , by the adjustment of the whole series of animal organisms to the various parts of the planet they inhabit . The final r é sum é of Mr. Agassiz is as follows :— “ We may sum up the results of this discussion , up to this point , in still fewer words . “ All organized beings exhibit in themselves all those categories of structure and of existence upon which a natural system may be founded , in such a manner , that , in tracing it , the human mind is only translating into human language the Divine thoughts expressed in Nature in living realities . “ All these beings do not exist in consequence of the continued agency of physical causes , but have made their successive appearance upon earth by the immediate intervention of the Creator . As proof , I may sum up my argument in the following manner :— “ The products of what are commonly called physical agents are everywhere the same , ( that is , upon the whole surface of the globe ,) and have always been the same ( that is , during all geological periods ) ; while organized beings are everywhere different , and have differed in all ages . Between two such series of phenomena there can be no causal or genetic connection . “ The combination in time and space of all these thoughtful conceptions exhibits not only thought , it shows also premeditation , power , wisdom , greatness , prescience , omniscience , providence . In one word , all these facts in their natural connection proclaim aloud the One God , whom man may know , adore , and love ; and Natural History must , in good time , become the analysis of the thoughts of the Creator of the Universe , as manifested in the animal and vegetable kingdoms . ” To this statement we must add two paragraphs from the pages just preceding , ( pp . 130 , 131 .) “ If I have succeeded , even very imperfectly , in showing that the various relations observed between animals and the physical world , as well as between themselves , exhibit thought , it follows that the whole has an Intelligent Author ; and it may not be out of place to attempt to point out , as far as possible , the difference there may be between Divine thinking and human thought . ” “ Taking nature as exhibiting thought for my guide , it appears to me , that , while human thought is consecutive , Divine thought is simultaneous , embracing at the same time and forever , in the past , the present , and the future , the most diversified relations among hundreds of thousands of organized beings , each of which may present complications , again , which to study and understand even imperfectly , as , for instance , man himself , mankind has already spent thousands of years . And yet , all this has been done by one Mind , must be the work of one Mind only , of Him before whom man can only bow in grateful acknowledgment of the prerogatives he is allowed to enjoy in this world , not to speak of the promises of a future life . ” Chapter Second is entitled , “ Leading Groups of the existing systems of animals . ” Its nine sections treat successively of the great types or branches of the animal kingdom , of classes , orders , families , genera , species , other natural divisions , successive development of characters , and close with some very significant conclusions on the importance of the study of classification . Mr. Agassiz has attempted to give definiteness to the terms above enumerated , which have been used with various significance , by limiting each one of them to covering a single category of natural relationship . Thus :— Branches or types are characterized by their plan of structure . Classes , by the manner in which that plan is executed , so far as ways and means are concerned . Orders , by the degrees of complication of that structure . Families , by their form , so far as determined by structure . Genera , by the details of the execution in special parts . Species , by the relations of individuals to one another and to the world in which they live , as well as by the proportions of their parts , their ornamentation , etc . “ And yet there are other natural divisions which must be acknowledged in a natural zo ö logical system ; but these are not to be traced so uniformly in all classes as the former ,— they are , in reality , only limitations of the other kinds of divisions . ” This chapter must be studied in the original text , the arguments by which its conclusions are supported hardly admitting of brief analysis . The most superficial reader will be interested in Mr. Agassiz 's account of the mode in which he sought for the natural boundaries of the various divisions , by observing the special point of view in which various eminent naturalists have considered their subject ; as , for instance , Audubon , among the biographers of species ,— Latreille , among the students of genera ,— and Cuvier , at the head of those who have contemplated the higher groups , such as classes and types . The most indifferent reader will be arrested by the opinions boldly promulgated with reference to species . “ The evidence that all animals have originated in large numbers is growing so strong , that the idea that every species existed in the beginning in single pairs may be said to be given up almost entirely by naturalists . ” “ If we are led to admit as the beginning of each species the simultaneous origin of a large number of individuals , if the same species may originate at the same time in different localities , these first representatives of each species , at least , were not connected by sexual derivation ; and as this applies equally to any first pair , this fancied test criterion of specific identity must at all events be given up , and with it goes also the pretended real existence of the species , in contradistinction from the mode of existence of genera , families , orders , classes and types ; for what really exists are individuals , not species . ” ( pp . 166-167 .) Chapter Third is headed , “ Notice of the principal systems of Zoology . ” It is divided into the six following sections : General remarks upon modern systems ; Early attempts to classify animals ; Period of Linnaeus ; Period of Cuvier , and Anatomical systems ; Physiophilosophical systems ; Embryological systems . This chapter is invaluable to the general student , as giving him in a single view not only a conspectus , of the most important attempts at classification in Zoology , but an examination of the principles involved in each , by the one among all living men most fitted to perform the task . No cultivated person who desires to know anything of Natural Science can pass over this portion of the work without careful study . Those who are not prepared to follow the author through the details of the Second Part will yet consider these volumes as indispensable companions for reference , as containing this brief but comprehensive encyclopedia and commentary , covering the whole philosophical machinery of zoological science . For the first section of this chapter Mr. Agassiz adopts the fundamental divisions ( branches ) of Cuvier , introducing such changes among the classes and orders as the progress of science demands . The second section gives a short account of the early attempts to classify animals , more particularly of the divisions established by Aristotle . The third section embraces the period of Linnaeus , and gives his classification . The fourth , that of Cuvier , and Anatomical systems , with the classifications of Cuvier , Lamark , De Blainville , Ehrenberg , Burmeister , Owen , Milne-Edwards , Von Siebold and Stannius , Leuckart . The fifth section includes the Physiophilosophical systems , with diagrams of Oken 's and Fitzinger 's classifications , and a special article for the circular groups of McLeay . The sixth and last section is devoted to Embryological systems , and presents diagrams of the classifications of Von Baer , Van Beneden , K ö lliker , and Vogt . The second part of the Monograph introduces us to the consideration of a special subject of Natural History ,— the North American Testudinata . Its three chapters treat successively of this order of Reptiles ,— of its families ,— of its North American genera and species . The THIRD PART , contained in the second volume , is entitled , “ Embryology of the Turtle . ” It consists of two chapters : “ Development of the Egg , from its first appearance to the formation of the embryo . ” “ Development of the Embryo , from the time the egg leaves the ovary to that of the hatching of the young . ” Then follow the explanation of the plates and the plates themselves , thirty-four in number . We need not attempt to give any account of the parts devoted to the development of these particular subjects . This we must necessarily leave to the journals devoted to scientific matters , and the class of students most intimate with these departments of Natural Science . Yet the American who asks for a model to work by in his investigations will find a great deal more than the “ North American Testudinata ” in the part to which that title is prefixed . The principles of classification exemplified , the methods of description illustrated , the rules of nomenclature tested ,— what matter is it whether the gran maestro has chosen this or that string to play the air upon , when each has compass enough for all its melody ? Still more forcibly does this comment apply to the elaborate and ample division of the work embracing the Embryology of the Turtle . He who has mastered the details of this section has at his feet the whole broad realm of which this province holds one of the key-fortresses . Ex testudine naturam . We are unwilling to speak of the illustrations comparatively without more extended means of judgment than we have at hand . But that they are of superlative excellence , brilliant , delicate , accurate , life-like , and nature-like , is what none will dispute . Look at these turtles , models of real-estate owners as they are , Observe No . 13 , Plate IV .,— “ Chelydra Serpentina , ” — “ snapper ” , or “ snappin ’ turtle , ” in the vernacular . He is out collecting rents from the naked-skinned reptiles , his brethren ; in default thereof , taking the bodies of the aforesaid . Or behold No . 5 , Plate VI ., bewailing the wretchedness of those who have no roofs to cover them . Or No . 2 , of the same plate , bestowing an archiepiscopal benediction on the houseless multitudes , before he retires for the night to slumber between his tessellated floor and his frescoed ceiling . Of the smooth , white eggs , with their rounded reliefs and tenderly graduated light and shadow , all eyes are judges . But of the exquisite figures showing the various stages of development and the details of structural arrangement , the uninitiated must take the opinions of a microscopic expert : and if they will accept our testimony as that of one not unfamiliar with the instrument and the mysteries it reveals , we can assure them that these figures are of supreme excellence . The hazy semitransparency of the embryonic tissues , the halos , the granules , the globules , the cell-walls , the delicate membranous expansions , the vascular webs , are expressed with purity , softness , freedom , and a conscientiousness which reminds us of Donne 's microscopic daguerreotypes , while in many points the views are literally truer to nature ,— just as a sculptor 's bust of a living person is often more really like him in character than a cast moulded on his features . We have attempted to give a slight idea of the contents of these two volumes , in the compass of a few pages . We have called the reader 's attention to various points of special interest , as we were going along . It remains to make such comments as suggest themselves to us , either in our character of “ the scholiast , ” or in our own right as a freed citizen of the intellectual as well as the political republic . WHENCE ? WHY ? WHITHER ? These are the three great questions that arise in the soul of every race and of every thinking being . He who looks at either of them with the least new light , though he whisper what he sees ever so softly , has the world to listen to him . No matter how he got his knowledge nor what he calls it ; it belongs to mankind . But “ Science ” has been mainly engaged with another question , in itself of very inferior interest , namely , How ? We must be permitted to speak of “ Science ” in our freest capacity , and will endeavor not to abuse our liberty . The study of natural phenomena for the sake of the pleasing variety of aspects they present , for the delight of collecting curious specimens , for the exercise of ingenuity in detecting the secret methods of Nature , for the gratification of arranging facts or objects in regular series , is an innocent and not a fruitless pursuit . Many persons are born with a natural instinct for it , and with special aptitudes which may even constitute a kind of genius . We should do honor to such power wherever we find it ; honor according to its kind and its degree ; but not affix the wrong label to it . Those who possess it acquire knowledge sometimes so extensive and uncommon that we regard them with a certain admiration . But knowledge is not wisdom . Unless these narrow trains of ideas are brought into relation with other and wider ranges of thought , or with the conduct of life , they cannot aspire to that loftier name . We must go farther than this . The study of the How ? in Nature , or the simple observation of phenomena , is often used as an opiate to quiet the higher faculties . There can be no question of the fact that many persons pass much of their lives working in the in-door or out-door laboratories of science , just as old women knit , just as prisoners carve quaintly elaborate toys in their dungeons . The product is not absolutely useless in either case ; the fingers of the body or of the mind become swift and cunning , but the soul does not grow under such culture . We are willing to allow that many of those who browse in the sleepy meadows of aimless observation ,— loving to keep their heads down as they gaze at and gather their narcotic herbs , rather than lift them to the horizon beyond or the heaven above ,— act in obedience to the law of their limited natures . Still , let us recognize the limitation , and not forget that the pursuit which may be fitting and praiseworthy toil for one class of minds may be ignoble indolence for another . We must remember , on the other hand , that , however humble may be the intellectual position of the man of science or knowledge , in distinction from wisdom , the results of his labors may be of the highest importance . The most ignorant laborer may get a stone out of the quarry , and the poorest slave unearth a diamond . These intellectual artisans come to their daily task with hypertrophied special organs , fitted to their peculiar craft . Some of them are all eyes ; some , all hands ; some are self-recording microscopes ; others , self-registering balances . If a man would watch a thermometer every hour of the day and night for ten years , and give a table of his observations , the result would be of interest and value . But the bulbous extremity of the instrument would probably contain as much thought at the end of the ten years as that of the observer . Clearly , then , “ Science ” does not properly belong to “ scientific ” men , unless they happen also to be wise ones ; not more to them than honey to bees , or books to printers . The bee may , certainly , feed on the honey he has made , and the printer read the books he has put in type . But Vos non vobis is the rule . “ Science ” is knowledge , it is true , but knowledge disarticulated and parcelled out among certain specialists , like Truth in Milton 's glorious comparison . He who can restore each part to its true position , and orient the lesser whole in its relations to the universe , he it is to whom science belongs . He must range through all time and follow Nature to her farthest bounds . Then he can dissect beetles like Straus Derekheim , without becoming a myope . But even this is not enough . Let us see what qualities would go to make up the ideal model of the truly wise student of Nature . He must have , in the first place , as the substratum of his faculties , the power of observation , with the passion that keeps it active and the skilful hand to serve its needs . Secondly , a quick eye for resemblances and differences . Thirdly , a wide range of mental vision . Fourthly , the coordinating or systematizing faculty . Fifthly , a large scholarship . Lastly , and without which all these gifts fall short of their ultimate aim , an instinct for the highest forms of truth ,— a centripetal tendency , always seeking the idea behind the form , the Deity in his manifestations , and thence working outward again to solve those infinite problems of life and its destinies which are , in reality , all that the thinking soul most lives for . It is as easy to find all these qualities separate as it is to turn beneath the finger one of the letters of a revolving padlock . But they must all be brought together in line before the grand portals of Nature 's hypaethral temple will open to her chosen student . How incomplete the man of science is with only one or two of these endowments may be seen by a few examples . The power and instinct of observation combined with the most consummate skill do not necessarily make a great philosophical naturalist . Leeuwenhoek had all these . They bore admirable fruits , too . We cannot but read the old man 's letters to the Royal Society , written , if we remember right , after the age of eighty , with delight and admiration . Those little lenses in their silver mountings , all ground and set and fashioned by his own hand , showed him the blood-globules , and the “ pipes ” of the teeth , which Purkinje and Retzius found with their achromatic microscopes a century later . We honor his skill and sagacity as they deserve ; but a little trick of Mr. Dollond 's , applied to the microscopic object-glass , has left all his achievements a mere matter of curious history . Few have been more remarkable for perceiving resemblances and differences than Oken . This is the poetical side of the scientific mind ; and he shares with Goethe the honor of that startling and far-reaching discovery , the vertebral character of the bones of the cranium . At this very time the four vertebral cranial bones recognized by Owen are the same Oken has described . But notwithstanding the generous tribute of Mr. Agassiz to his great merits , the writer who assigns special colors to the persons in the Trinity , ( red , blue , and green ,) and then allots to Satan a constituent of one of these , ( yellow ,) has drifted away from the solid anchorage of observation into the shoreless waste of the inane , if not amidst the dark abysses of the profane . If the widest range of mental vision , joined , too , with great learning , could make a successful student of Nature , Lord Bacon should have stood by the side of Linnaeus . But open the “ Sylva Sylvarum ” anywhere and see what Bacon was as a naturalist . “ It was observed in the Great Plague of the last yeare , that there were scene in divers Ditches and low Grounds about London , many Toads that had Tailes , two or three inches long , at the least : Whereas Toads ( usually ) have no Tailes at all . Which argueth a great disposition to Putrefaction in the Soile and Aire . ” This in that “ great birth of time , ” the “ Instauration of the Sciences ” ! The systematizing or coordinating power is worse than nothing , unless it be supported by the other qualities already mentioned . Darwin had it , and something of what is called genius with it ; but where is now the “ Zo ö nomia ” ? And what is erudition without the power to correct errors by appealing to Nature , to arrange methodically , to use wisely ? It would be a shame to mention any name in illustration of its insignificance . Our shelves bend and crack under the load of unwise and learned authorship . There are two stages in every student 's life . In the first he is afraid of books ; in the second books are afraid of him . For they are a great community of thieves , and one finds the same stolen patterns in all their pockets . Though often dressed in sheep 's clothing , they have the maw of wolves . When the student has once found them out , he laughs at the pretensions of erudition , and strides gayly up and down great libraries , feeling that the most blustering folio of them all will turn as pale as if it were bound in law-calf , if he only lay his hand on its shoulder . Nor , lastly , can any elevation of aim , any thirst for the divine springs of knowledge , enable a man to dispense with the sober habits of observation and the positive acquirements that must give him the stamina to attempt the higher flights of thought . The eagle 's wings are nothing without his pectoral muscles . It is not Swedenborg and his disciples that legislate for the scientific world ; they may suggest truth , but they rarely prove it , and never bring it into such systematic forms as narrow-minded Nature will insist on laying down . That all these qualities which go to make up our ideal should exist in absolute perfection in any single man of mortal birth is not to be expected . But there are names in the history of Science which recall so imposing a combination of these several gifts , that , comparing the men who bore them with the civilization of their time , we can hardly conceive that uninspired intellect should come nearer the imaginary standard . Such a man was Aristotle . The slender and close-shaven fop , with the showy mantle on his ungraceful person and the costly rings on his fingers , who hung on the lips of Plato for twenty years , and trained the boy of Macedon to whatever wisdom he possessed ,— whose life was set by destiny between the greatest of thinkers and the greatest of conquerors ,— seems to have borrowed the intellect of the one and the universal aspirations of the other . But because he invaded every realm of knowledge , it must not be thought he dealt with Nature at second-hand . He was a collector and a dissector . He could display the anatomical structure of a fish as well as write a treatise on the universe or on rhetoric , or government or logic , or music or mathematics . Dethroned we call him ; and yet Mr. Agassiz quotes his descriptions with respect , and confesses that the systematic classification of animals makes but one stride from Aristotle to Linnaeus . Cuvier was such a man . Alone , and unapproached in his own spheres of knowledge , his “ Report on the Progress of the Natural Sciences ” is only an index to the wide range of his intellect . In one point , however , we must own that he seems slow of apprehension or limited by preconceived opinions ,— in his reception of the homologies pointed out by Oken and the Physiophilosophical observers . In the same range of intellects we should reckon Linnaeus and Humboldt , and should have reckoned Goethe , had he given himself to science . We do not assume to say where in the category of fully equipped intelligences Mr. Agassiz belongs . But if the union of the most extraordinary observing powers with an almost poetic perception of analogies , with a wide compass of thought , the classifying instinct and habit , large knowledge of books , and personal intimacy with the leaders in various departments of knowledge , and with this the upward-looking aspect of mind and heart , which is the crowning gift of all ,— if the union of these qualities can give to the man of science a claim to the nobler name of wisdom , it is not flattery , but justice , to award this distinction to Mr. Agassiz . To him , then , we listen , when , after having sounded every note in the wide gamut of Nature , after reading the story of life as it stands written in the long series of records reaching from Cambrian fossils to ovarian germs , after tracing the divine principle of order from the starlike flower at his feet to the flower-like circle of planets which spreads its fiery corolla , in obedience to the same simple law that disposes the leaves of the growing plant ,— as our eminent mathematician tells us ,— he relates in simple and reverential accents the highest truths he has learned in traversing God 's mighty universe . For him , and such as him ,— for us , too , if we read wisely ,— the toiling slaves of science , often working with little consciousness of the full proportions of the edifice they are helping to construct , have spent their busy lives . All knowledge asserts its true dignity when once brought into relation with the grand end of knowledge ,— a wider and deeper view of the significance of conscious and unconscious created being , and the character of its Creator . We shall close this article with some remarks upon the great doctrines that dominate all the manifold subordinate thoughts which fill these crowded pages . The plan of creation , Mr. Agassiz maintains , “ has not grown out of the necessary action of physical laws , but was the free conception of the Almighty Intellect , matured in his thought before it was manifested in tangible , external forms . ” Before Mr. Agassiz , before Linnaeus , before Aristotle , before Plato , Timaeus the Locrian spake ; the original , together with the version we cite , is given with the Plato of Ficinus :— “ Duas esse rerum omnium causas : mentem quidem , earum quae ratione quadam nascuntur , et necessitatem , earum quae existunt vi quadam , secundum corporum potentias et faculitates . Harrum rerum , id est , Natunae bonorum , optimum esse quoddam rerum optimarum principium , et Deum vocari .... Esse praeterea in hac Naturae universitate quiddam quod maneat et intelligible sit , rerum genitarum , quae quidem in perpetuo quodam mutationum fluxu versantur , exemplar , Ideam dici et mente comprehendi .... Permanet igitur mundus constanter talis qualis est creatus a Deo ... proponente sibi non exemplaria quaedam manuum opificio edita , sed illam Ideam intelligibilemque essentiam . ” — So taught the half-inspired pagan philosopher whom Plato took as his guide in his contemplations of Nature . We trace the thought again in Dante , amidst the various fragments of ancient wisdom which he has embodied in the “ Divina Commedia ": Ci ò che non muore e ci ò che pu ò morire Non è se non splendor cli quella idea Che partorisco , amando , il nosfro Sire . —— Paradiso , XIII . 52-54 . Two thousand years after the old Greek had written , the Christian philosopher , Sir Thomas Browne , repeats the same doctrine in a new phraseology :— “ Before Abraham was , I am , is the saying of Christ ; yet it is true in some sense , if I say it of myself ; for I was not only before myself , but Adam , that is , in the idea of God , and the decree of that Synod held from all eternity . And in this sense , I say , the World was before the Creation , and at an end before it had a beginning ; and thus was I dead before I was alive ; though my grave be England , my dying place was Paradise ; and Eve miscarried of me before she conceived of Cain . ” The slender reed through which Philosophy breathed her first musical whisperings is laid by , and the sacred lyre of Theology is silent or little heeded . But the mighty organ of Modern Science with its hundred stops , each answering to some voice of Nature , takes up the pausing strain , and as we listen we recognize through all its mingling harmonies the simple , sublime , eternal melody that came from the lips of Timaeus the Locrian ! The same doctrine reappears in various forms : in the popular works of Derham and Paloy and the Bridgewater Treatises ; in the learned and thoughtful pages of Burdach , and in the mystical rhapsodies of Oken . But never , we believe , was it before enforced and illustrated by so imperial a survey of the whole domain of Natural Science as in the volumes before us . We are not disposed to discuss at any length the opinion maintained by Mr. Agassiz , that life has not grown out of the necessary action of the physical laws . If we accept the customary definitions of the physical laws , we accede most cordially to his proposition . As opposed to the fancies of Epicurus and his poet , Lucretius , or to modern atheistic doctrines of similar character , we have no qualification or condition to suggest which might change its force or significance . When we remember that the genius of such a man as Laplace shared the farthest flight of star-eyed science only to “ waft us back the tidings of despair , ” we are thankful that so profound a student of Nature as Mr. Agassiz has tracked the warm foot-prints of Divinity throughout all the vestiges of creation . There is danger , however , that , in accepting this doctrine as a truth , we may be led into an inexact conception of the so-called physical laws , unless we closely examine the sense in which we use the expression . The forces which act according to these laws , and the various forms of the so-called matter , or concrete forces , are often spoken of as if they were blind agencies and existences , acting by an inherent fate-like power of their own . But if everything outside of our consciousness resolves itself , in the last analysis , into force , or something capable of producing change , and if force existing by the will of an omniscient and omnipresent Being , to whom time has no absolute significance , is simply God himself in action , then we shall find it impossible to limit the causal agency of the physical forces . All we can say is , that commonly they appear to move in certain rectilinear paths , in which they manifest a degree of uniformity and precision so amazing that we are lost in the infinite intelligence they display ,— unless we become perfectly stupid to it , and think , as in the old fable , there is no music in it because we are made deaf by its continued harmony . No single leaf ever made a mistake in falling , though in so doing it solved more problems than were ever held in all the libraries that have changed or are changing into dust or ashes . We are willing to accept the belief of Mr. Agassiz , “ that matter does not exist as such , but is everywhere and always a specific thing , as are all finite beings . ” But we must extend the same idea to the physical forces , and believe them to be specific agencies , and their acts specific acts ,— in other words , each one of them a Divine manifestation . Theology is close upon us in these speculations . “ Perhaps , ” says Mr. Robertson , in the volume of admirable sermons just republished , “ even the Eternal himself is more closely bound to his works than our philosophical systems have conceived . Perhaps matter is only a mode of thought . ” Looking , then , at our recognized forms of matter and physical force as expressions of a self-limiting omnipotence , we concede that the uniform lines of action in which human observation has hitherto traced them do not , and , so far as we can see , cannot , shape the curves of the simplest organism . It is time for us to close these volumes , to which we cannot even hope to have done justice , and leave them to those graver tribunals that will in due season award their well-weighed decisions . We have taken the Master 's hand , and followed Nature through all her paths of life . We have trod with him the shores of old oceans that roll no more , and traced the Providence that orders the creation of to-day engraved in every stony feature of their obsolete organisms . We have broken into that mysterious chamber , the chosen studio of the Infinite Artist , where , beneath its marble or crystalline dome , he fashions the embryo from its formless fluids . And as we turn reluctantly away , the accents we have once already heard linger with us : “ In one word , all these facts in their natural connection proclaim aloud the One God , whom man may know , adore , and love ; and Natural History must , in good time , become the analysis of the thoughts of the Creator of the Universe , as manifested in the animal and vegetable kingdoms . ” TACKING SHIP OFF SHORE I . The weather leech of the topsail shivers , The bowlines strain and the lee shrouds slacken , The braces are taut , the lithe boom quivers , And the waves with the coming squall-cloud blacken . II . Open one point on the weather bow Is the light-house tall on Fire Island head ; There 's a shade of doubt on the captain 's brow , And the pilot watches the heaving lead . III . I stand at the wheel and with eager eye To sea and to sky and to shore I gaze , Till the muttered order of “ FULL AND BY ! ” Is suddenly changed to “ FULL FOR STAYS ! ” IV . The ship bends lower before the breeze , As her broadside fair to the blast she lays ; And she swifter springs to the rising seas , As the pilot calls , “ STAND BY FOR STAYS ! ” V . It is silence all , as each in his place , With the gathered coils in his hardened hands , By tack and bowline , by sheet and brace , Waiting the watchword impatient stands . VI . And the light on Fire Island head draws near , As , trumpet-winged , the pilot 's shout From his post on the bowsprit 's heel I hear , With the welcome call of “ READY ! ABOUT ! ” VII . No time to spare ! It is touch and go , And the captain growls , “ DOWN HELM ! HARD DOWN ! ” As my weight on the whirling spokes I throw , While heaven grows black with the storm-cloud 's frown . VIII . High o'er the knight-heads flies the spray , As we meet the shock of the plunging sea ; And my shoulder stiff to the wheel I lay , As I answer , “ AYE , AYE , SIR ! HA-A-R-D A-LEE ! ” IX . With the swerving leap of a startled steed The ship flies fast in the eye of the wind , The dangerous shoals on the lee recede , And the headland white we have left behind . X . The topsails flutter , the jibs collapse And belly and tug at the groaning cleats , The spanker slats , and the mainsail flaps , And thunders the order , “ TACKS AND SHEETS ! ” XI . ‘ Mid the rattle of blocks and the tramp of the crew , Hisses the rain of the rushing squall ; The sails are aback from clew to clew , And now is the moment for “ MAINSAIL , HAUL ! ” XII . And the heavy yards like a baby 's toy By fifty strong arms are swiftly swung ; She holds her way , and I look with joy For the first white spray o'er the bulwarks flung . XIII . “ LET GO AND HAUL ! ” ‘ Tis the last command , And the head-sails fill to the blast once more ; Astern and to leeward lies the land , With its breakers white on the shingly shore . XIV . What matters the reef , or the rain , or the squall ? I steady the helm for the open sea ; The first mate clamors , “ BELAY THERE , ALL ! ” And the captain 's breath once more comes free . XV . And so off shore let the good ship fly ; Little care I how the gusts may blow , In my fo'castlehYpppHeNbunk in a jacket dry ,— Eight bells have struck , and my watch is below . MAMOUL . THROUGH THE COSSITOLLAH KALEIDOSCOPE . Under my window , in the street called Cossitollah , flows all the motliness of a Calcutta thoroughfare in two counter-setting currents ;— one Chowriagee-ward , in the direction of Nabob magnificence and grace ; the other toward the Cooly squalor and deformity of the Radda Bazaar ;— and as , in the glare of the early forenoon sun , the shadows of the hither or thither passing throngs fall straight across the way , from the Parsee 's godown , over against me , to the gate of the pucca house wherein my look-out is , I watch with interest the frequent eddies occasioned by the clear-steerings of caste ,— Brahmin , Warrior , and Merchant keeping severely to the Parsee side , so that the foul shadow of Soodra or Pariah may not pollute their sacred persons . It is as though my window were a tower of Allahabad , and below me , in Cossitollah , were the shy meeting of the waters . Thus , looking up or down , I mark how the limpid Jumna of high caste holds its way in a common bed , but never mingling with the turbid Ganges of an unclean rabble . Reader , should you ever “ do ” the City of Palaces , permit me to commend with especial emphasis to your consideration this same Cossitollah , as a representative street , wherein the European and Asiatic elements of the Calcutta panorama are mingled in the most picturesque proportions ; for Cossitollah is the link that most directly joins the pitiful benightedness of the Black Town to the imposing splendors of Kumpnee Bahadoor ,— the short , but stubborn chain of responsibility , as it were , whereby the ball of helpless and infatuated stock-and-stone-worship is fastened to the leg of British enlightenment and accountability . From the Midaun , or Parade Ground , with its long-drawn arrays of Sepoy chivalry , its grand reviews before the Burra Lard Sahib , ( as in domestic Bengalee we designate the Governor-General ,) its solemn sham battles , and its welkin-rending regimental bands , by whose brass and sheepskin God saves the Queen twice a day ; from Government House , with its historic pride , pomp , and circumstance , and its red tape , its aides-de-camp , and its adjutant-birds , its stirring associations , and its stupid architecture ; from the pensioned aristocracy of Chowringhee the Magnificent ; from the carnival concourse of the Esplanade , with its kaleidoscopic surprises ; from the grim patronage of Fort William , with its in-every-department well-regulated fee-faw-fum ; in fine , from Clive , and Hastings , and Wellington , and Gough , and Hardinge , and Napier , and Bentinck , and Ellenborough , and Dalhousie , and all the John Company that has come of them ; from the tremendous and overwhelming SAHIB , to that most profoundly abject of human objects , the Hindoo PARIAH , ( who approaches thee , O Awful Being ! O Benign Protector of the Poor ! O Writer in the Salt-and-Opium Office ! on his hands and knees , and with a wisp of grass in his mouth , to denote that he is thy beast ,) — from all those to this , the shortest cut is through Cossitollah . And so , in the current of its passengers , partaking the characteristics of its contrasted extremities , fantastically blending the purple and fine linen of Chowringhee with the breech-cloths of the Black Town , Cossitollah is , as I have said , pre ë minently the type street of Calcutta . Other localities have their peculiar throngs , and certain classes and castes are proper to certain thoroughfares ;— Sepoys and dogboys to the Midaun ; circars or clerks , and chowkeydars or private police , to Tank Square ; a world of pampered women , fat civil servants , coachmen , ayahs or nurses , durwans or doorkeepers , cha-prasseys or messengers , kitmudgars or waiters , to Garden Reach ; palanquin-bearers , the smaller fry of banyans or shopkeepers , and dandees or boatmen , to the Ghauts ; together with no end of coolies , and bheestees or water-carriers , horse-dealers , and syces or grooms , to Durumtollah ; sailors , British and American , Malay and Lascar , to Flag Street , the quarter of punch-houses ;— but in Cossitollah all castes and vocations are met , whether their talk be of gold mohurs or cowries ; here the Sahib gives the horrid leper a wide berth , and the Baboo walks carefully round the shadow of Mehtur , the sweeper . Therefore , reader , Cossitollah is by all means the street for you to draw profound conclusions from . Come , let us sit in the window and observe ; it is but forty puffs of a No . 3 cheroot , in a lazy palanquin , from one end of Cossitollah to the other ; and from our window , though not exactly midway , but nearer the Bazaar , we can see from Flag Street wellnigh to the Midaun . What is this ? A close palkee , with a passenger ; the bearers , with elbows sharply crooked , and calves all varicose , trotting to a monotonous , jerking ditty , which the sirdar , or leader , is impudently improvising , to the refrain of Putterum , ( “ Easy now ! ” ) at the expense of their fare 's amour-propre . “ Out of the way there ! Putterum . This is a Rajah ! Putterum . Very small Rajah ! Putterum . Sixpenny Rajah ! Putterum . Holes in his elbows ! Putterum . Capitan Slipshod ! Putterum . Son of a sea-cook ! Putterum . Hush ! he will beat us ! Putterum . Hush ! he will kick us ! Putterum . Kick us and curse us ! Putterum . Not he , the greenhorn ! Putterum . Do n't understand us ! Putterum . Do n't know the lingo ! Putterum . Let 's shake the palkee ! Putterum . Rattle the pig 's bones ! Putterum . Set down the palkee ! Putterum . Call him a great lord ! Putterum . Ask him for buksheesh ! Putterum . ” And the four consummate knaves do set down the palkee , and shift the pads on their shoulders ; while the sirdar slips round to the sliding-door , and timidly intruding his sweaty phiz , at an opening sufficiently narrow to guard his nose against assault from within , but wide enough to give us a glimpse , through an out-bursting cloud of cheroot-smoke , of a pair of stout legs encased in white duck , with the neatest of light pumps at the end of them , says :— “ Buksheesh do , Sahib ! buksheesh do ! O favorite slave of the Lord ! O tender shepherd of the poor ! O sublime and beautiful Being , upon whose turban Prosperity dances and Peace makes her bed ! Whose mother is twin-sister to the Sacred Cow , and whose grandmother is the Lotos of Seven Virtues ! O Khodabund ! buksheesh do ! Bestow upon thy abject and self-despising slave wherewithal to commemorate the golden hour when , by a blessed dispensation , he was permitted to lay his trembling forehead against thy victorious feet ! ” “ Jou-jehennum , toom sooa !— Go to Gehenna , you pig ! What are you bothering about , with your ‘ boxes , ’ ‘ boxes , ’ nothing but ‘ boxes ’ ? Insatiable brutes ! Jou ! I tell you ,— jeldie jou ! or by Doorga , the goddess of awful rows , I 'll smash the palkee and outrage all your religious prejudices ! Jou ! ” Evidently our varicose friends imagine they have caught a Tartar , and that the white ducks are not so recent an importation as they at first supposed ; for now they catch up the pole of the palkee nimbly , and jou jeldie ( that is , trot up smartly ) to quite another song . “ Jeldie jou , jeldie ! ” Putterum . Carry him softly ! Putterum . Swiftly and smoothly ! Putterum . He is a Rajah ! Putterum . Rich little Rajah ! Putterum . Fierce little Rajah ! Putterum . See how his eyes flash ! Putterum . Hear how his voice roars ! Putterum . He is a Tippoo ! Putterum . Capitan Tippoo ! Putterum . Tremble before him ! Putterum . Serve him and please him ! Putterum . Please him and serve him ! Putterum . He will reward us ! Putterum . He will protect us ! Putterum . He will enrich us ! Putterum . Charity Lord Sa'b ! Putterum . Out of the way there ! Putterum . Way for the great ... Putterum . Rajah of ten crores ! Putter .... .... Ten crores !.. Putter .... Rajah .... .... Put .... .... Lard .... .. Putter .... .... ... Sa'b ! .... rum . And so they have turned down Flag Street . But what now ? Here is something more imposing ,— a chariot-and-four ,— four spanking Arabs in gold-mounted trappings ,— a fat and elaborate coachman , very solemn ,— two tall hurkarus , or avant-couriers , supporting the box , one on either side , with studied symmetry , like Siva and Vishnu upholding the throne of Brahma ,— four syces running at the horses ’ heads , each with his chowree , or fly-flapper , made from the tail of the Thibet cow ,— a fifth before , to clear the way ,— a basket of Simpkin , which is as though one should say Champagne , behind , and our own banyan , our man of contracts and ready lakhs , that shrewd broker and substantial banker , the Baboo Kalidas Ramaya Mullick , on the back seat . “ Hi ! Cliattak-wallah ! Bheestee !— Hi ! hi !— You chap with the umbrella , you fellow with the water , clear the way ! This Baboo comes , this Baboo rides ,— he stops not , he stays not ,— he is rich , he is honored . Shall a pig impede him ? Shall a pig delay him ? Jump , sooa . Jump ! ” And thus , amid much vociferation , and unceremonious dispersing of the common herd , who dodge with practised agility right and left , the fat and elaborate coachman pulls up the spanking Arabs at our godown gate , and the Baboo alights with the air of a gentleman of thirty lachs , to the manner born ; to him all this outcry is but Mamoul ,— usage , custom ,— and Mamoul is to him as air . As the Baboo steps through the wide swinging gate and enters the place that owns him master , let us mark his reception . The durwan first ,— our grenadier doorkeeper , the man of proud port and commanding presence , to whom that portal is a post of honor ,— our Athos , Porthos , and Aramis , in one , of courage , strength , and address enlisted with fidelity . The loyalty of Ramee Durwan is threefold , in this order : first , to his caste , next , to his beard , and then to his post ; only for the two first would he abandon the last ; his life he holds of less account than either . As the Baboo passes , Ramee Durwan , you think , will be ready with profound and obsequious salaam . Not so ; he draws himself up to the very last of his extraordinary inches , and touches his forehead lightly with the fingers of his right hand , only slightly inclining his head ,— a not more than affable salute ,— almost with a quality of concession ,— gracious as well as graceful ; he would do as much for any puppy of a cadet who might drop in on the Sahib . On the other hand , lowly louteth the Baboo , with eyes downcast and palm applied reverentially to his sleek forehead . How now ? This Baboo is a banyan of solid substance , and the Mullicks all are citizens of credit and renown ; while Ramee Durwan gets five rupees a month , and makes his bed at the gate . Last year , they say , when little Dwarkanath Mullick , the Baboo 's adopted son , nine years old , was married to the tender child Vinda , old Lulla Seal 's darling , on her fifth birthday , the Baboo Kalidas Raniaya Mullick made the occasion famous by liberating fifty prisoners-for-debt , of the Soodra sort , with as many flourishes of his illustrious signature . Ramee Durwan has not a change of turbans . And now the Baboo passes into the godown , and receives from a score of servile cicars , glibbest of clerks , their several reports of the day 's business . Presently , from his low desk , in the lowliest corner , uprises , and comes forward quietly , Mutty Loll Roy , the head circar , venerable , placid , pensive , every way interesting ; but he is only the Baboo 's head circar , an humble accountant , on fifteen rupees a month . Do you perceive that fact in the style of his salutation ? Hardly ; for the Baboo piously raises his joined hands high above his head , and , louting lower than before , murmurs the Orthodox salutation , Namaskarum ! Yet the Baboo contributed two thousand rupees in fireworks to the last Doorga Fooja , and sent a hundred goats to the altar ; while only with many and trying shifts of saving could Mutty Loll afford gold leaf for one image , besides two tomtoms and a horn to march before it in procession . But behold the lordly beneficence in Mutty Loll 's attitude and gesture , as with outstretched hands , palms upward , he greets the Baboo condescendingly with a gift of goodwill ! “ Idhur ano , Sirdar , idhur ano !— Come hither , Karlee , my gentle bearer , thou of the good heart and gray moustache ! Come hither , and enlighten this Sahib 's ignorance ; tell him why the Durwan is disdainful , as toward the Baboo , and the Circar solemn . ” “ Man , Sahib ! That Durwan Ksutriye , Soldier caste , Rider caste ,— feest-i-rat-i-man ( first-rate man ) ; that Durwan have got Rajpoot blood , ver-iproud , all same Sahib . Baboo , Merchant caste ,— ver-i-good caste , plenty rich , but not so proud Durwan caste ; Baboo not have Rajpoot blood , not have i-sharp i-sword , not have musiket . Durwan arm all same tiger ; Durwan beard all same lion ; Durwan plenty i-strong , plenty proud . “ That Circar ,— ah ! that Mutty Loll , too , high caste ; that Circar Brahmin ,— Kooleen Brahmin ,— all same Swamy ( god ) ; that Circar foot all same Baboo head ; that Circar shoe all same Baboo turban . ‘ Spose Baboo not make that Circar bhote-btote salaam , that Circar say curse , that Circar ispeak jou-jehannam ( go to hell ) . Master und-istand i-me ? I ispeak Master so Master know ? ” “ Very clear , Karlee ,— and wholesome expounding . But here comes the Baboo to speak for himself .— Good-day , Baboo ! Whither so fast with the spanking Arabs and the Simpkin ?— to the garden-house ? ” “ To the garden-house , Sahib ; and the Simpkin is for two young English friends of mine , who will do the garden-house the honor to make it their own for a day or two . ” “ Take care , Baboo ! take care ! I have my doubts as to the Simpkin . They do say the orthodoxy of ‘ Young Bengal ’ men is none the better for beefsteaks and Heidseck ; such diet does not become the son of a strict and straightgoing heathen . Well may the Brahmins groan for the glaring scandals of the new lights ; you 'll be marrying widows next , and dining at clubs with fast ensigns . ” “ Sahib , Caste is God , and Mamoul is his prophet . The church of the Churruck post and the orgies of Hooly are in no danger from beef or Simpkin so long as steak or bottle costs a man his inheritance ; and we of Young Bengal know too well how hard are the ways of the Pariah to try them for fun . Caste is God , and Mamoul is his prophet . The ‘ glad tidings of great joy ’ your missionaries bring fall upon ears stopped with family pride and the family jewels : you know that appropriate old saw in our proverbial philosophy , ‘ What is the news of the day to a frog in a well ? ’ — Salaam , Sahib ! I have but a few minutes to spare , and the supercargo is waiting with the indigo samples . ” Presently , as the Cossitollah panorama flows on beneath our window , with all its bizarreness from the bazaars ,— its boxwallahs , and its pawn-makers , its peddlers of toys , its money-changers and shopmen , its basket-makers and mat-weavers and chattah-menders , its perambulating cobblers and tailors , its jugglers , gymnasts , and match-girls ,— its fellows who feed on glass bottles for the astonishment and delectation of the Sahibs , or who , if you have such a thing as a sheep about you , will undertake to slaughter and skin it with their teeth and devour it on the spot ,— its conjure-wallahs , who , for a few pice , will run sharp foils through each other 's bodies without for a moment disturbing either health or cheerfulness , or will make mangoes grow under table-cloths , “ all fair and proper , ” while Master waits ,— as the Brahmin still dodges the shadow of the Soodra , and the Soodra spits upon the footprint of the Pariah , the Baboo returns to his chariot ; the fat and solemn coachman gathers up the reins , the burkarus assume their symmetrical attitudes on the box , the syces bawl , and the socas jump . Just now a palkee-gharree , cheapest of one-horse vehicles , with but one half-naked syce running at the pony 's head , and never a footman near , passes the spanking Arabs ; the plain turban of a respectable accountant in the Honorable Company 's coal office at Garden Reach shows between the Venetian slats of the little window , and lo ! our fine Baboo steps out of his slippers , and standing barefoot in the common dust of Cossitollah ,— dust that has been churned by all the pigs ’ - feet that ply that promiscuous thoroughfare ,— humbly touches first the vulgar ground and then his elegant turban , murmuring a pious Namaskarum ; for the respectable accountant in the Honorable Company 's coal office is , like Mutty Loll , a Kooleen Brahmin ,— only a little more so . Caste is God , and Mamoul is his prophet ! At the gate-lodge of the Baboo 's garden-house on the Durumtollah Road , a gray and withered hag , all crippled and leprosied , sits durhna . What may that be ? Be patient ; you shall know . When the Baboo was as yet a youth , his uncle Rajinda , the pride of the Mullicks , died of cholera , and the administration of the estate devolved upon our free-thinking Kalidas . Of course there were mortgages to foreclose , and delinquent debtors to stir up . A certain small shopkeeper of the China Bazaar was responsible to the concern for a few thousand rupees , wherewith he had been accommodated by Uncle Rajinda as a basis for certain operations in seersuckers and castor-oil , that had yielded no returns . So our Baboo , in a curt chit , ( that is , note , or sheet of paper , as near as a Bengalee can come to the word ,) bade the small speculator of China Bazaar come down forthwith with the rupees . But , behold you now , “ he had paid , ” he said . “ By the Holy Ganges and the Blessed Cow ! by the turban of his father and the veil of his mother ! restitution had been made long ago , ” the old man said ; “ and the soul of Uncle Rajinda , the pride of the Mullicks , had no reason to be disquieted for the rupees , though the seersuckers had been but vanity , and the castor-oil vexation of spirit . ” “ Produce the documents , ” said the Baboo , with a business-like impassibility that in Wall Street would have made him a great bear ;— “ where are the receipts ? ” “ My Lord , I know not . Prostrating my unworthy turban beneath the lovely lilies of your feet , I swear to my gureeb purwar , the destitute-and-humble-protecting lord , by the Holy Water and the Blessed Cow , by the beard of my father and the veil of my mother , that I settled the little account long ago ! ” That unhappy speculator in seersuckers and castor-oil died in prison , and a gooroo ( that is , a spiritual teacher ) feed by the Baboo , desolated his last hour with the assurance that he should transmigrate into the bodies of seven generations of gharree-horses , and drag feringhee sailormen , in a state of beer , from the ghauts to the punch-houses , all his miserable lives . Now whether or not the unlucky little speculator had in good faith discharged the debt will , in all the probabilities of human rights and wrongs , never appear this side of the last trump ; for the Holy Water and the Sacred Cow , his father 's beard and his mother 's veil , were not good in law , the documents not forthcoming . But it is certain that his widow had faith in his integrity ; for at once , with all her sorrows on her head , she sallied forth in quest of justice ; and from Brahmin post to Sahib pillar she went crying , “ See me righted ! Against this hard and arrogant Baboo let my wrongs be redressed , or fear the evil eye of Dookhee the Sorrowful , of Haranu the Lost ! ” But utterly in vain ; for the clamor of the Hindoo widow , however bitterly aggrieved , is but a nuisance , and her accusation insolence . So in her pitiful outcasting , in all the forlorn loathsomeness of leprosy , and the shunned squalor of a cripple , she sat down at the Baboo 's gate , to wait for justice till the gods should bestow it ,— till Siva , the Avenger , should behold her , and ask , “ Who has done this ? ” And who shall challenge her ? Who shall bid her move on ? Mamoul has crowned her Queen of Tears , and her sublime patience and appealing have made a throne of the wayside stone on which she sits ; there is no power so audacious that it would give the word to depose her ; her matted gray locks and her furrowed cheeks , her sunken eyes and her hungry lips , are her “ sacred ashes ” of the high caste of Sorrow . The Brahmin averts his face as he passes , and mutters , “ She is as the flower which is out of reach ,— she is dedicated to God . ” That insolent official , the Baboo 's pampered durwan , sees in her only Mamoul ; he would as soon think of shaving himself as of driving her away . So , as the Baboo passes in or out through the great gate , the solemn coachman whips up the spanking Arabs , and the syces bawl louder than ever , and Kalidas Ramaya Mullick turns away his eyes . But for all that , the durhna woman heaps dust upon her head , which he sees , and mutters a weird warning , which he hears ; and though the lawn is wide , and the banian topes are leafy , and a gilded temple , the family shrine , stands between , and the marble veranda is spacious , and the state apartments are remote , they do say the shadow of the durhna woman falls on the iced Simpkin and the steaks , in spite of Young Bengal . Mootrib i koosh nuw à bigo , Tazu bu tazu , nou bu nou ! Badu è dil koosh à bidoh , Tazu bu tazu , nou bu nou ! Koosh biu sheen bu kilwul é Chung nuwaz-a sa-ut é, Bosu sitan bu kam uz o , Tazu bu tazu , nou bu nou ! “ Songster sweet , begin the lay , Ever sweet and ever gay ! Bring the joy-inspiring wine , Ever fresh and ever fine ! With a heart-alluring lass Gayly let the moments pass , Kisses stealing while you may , Ever fresh and ever gay ! ” Now surely she who thus sings should be beautiful , after the Hindoo type ;— that is , she should have the complexion of chocolate and cream ; “ her face should be as the full moon , her nose smooth as a flute ; she should have eyes like unto lotuses , and a neck like a pigeon 's ; her voice should be soft as the cuckoo 's , and her step as the gait of a young elephant of pure blood . ” Let us see . Alas , no ! She entertains a set of lazy bearers , smoking the hubble-bubble around a palanquin as they wait for a fare ; and her buksheesh may be a cowry or two . By no means is she of the nautch-maidens of Lucknow , who were wont to lighten the hours of debauched majesty between the tiger-fights and the games of leap-frog ; by no means is she ringed as to her fingers or belled as to her toes ; and though she carries her music wherever she goes , she also carries a shiny brown baby , slung in a canvas tray between her shoulders . No excessively voluminous folds of gold-embroidered drapery encumber her supple limbs ; but her skirts are of the scantiest , ( what Miss Flora MacFlimsey would call skimped ,) and pitifully mean as to quality . By no means have the imperial looms of Benares contributed to her professional costume a veil of wondrous fineness and a Nabob 's price ; but a narrow red strip of some poor cotton stuff crosses her bosom like a scarf , and leaves exposed too much of the ruins of once daintier beauties . A string of glass beads , black and red alternate , are all her jewels ,— save one silver bodkin , all forlorn , in her hair , and a ring of thin gold wire piercing the right nostril , and , with an effect completely deforming , encircling the lips . Her teeth and nails are deeply stained , and the darkness of her eyes is enhanced by artificial shadows . And so , while that baby-Tantalus , catching glimpses , over the unveiled shoulder , of the Micawberian fount he cannot reach , stretches his little brown arms , bites , kicks , and squalls ,— while a small female apprentice , by way of chorus , in costume and gesture absurdly caricaturing her prima donna , ( a sort of Cossitollah marchioness , indeed , for some Dick Swiveller of the Sahibs ,) shuffles rheumatically with her feet , or impotently dislocates her slender arms , or pounds insanely on a cracked tomtom , or jangles her clumsy cymbals , while the squatting bearers cry , “ Wah wah ! ” and clap their sweaty hands ,— our poor old glee-maiden of Cossitollah strums her two-stringed guitar , letting the baby slide , and creaks corkscrewishly her Chota , chota natchelee :— Badi sub å choo boog zuree , Bar suri kove an puree , Qassu é Hufiz ush bigo Tazu bu tazu , nou bu nou ! “ Zephyrs , while you gently move By the mansion of my love , Softly Hafiz ’ strains repeat , Ever new and ever sweet ! ” Heaven save the key ! “ Ka munkta , Bearer ?— What is it , my gentle Karlee ? ” “ Chittee , Sahib !— chittee for Master . ” “ Note , hey ? from whom ? let us see ! ” Pink paper ,— scented with sandal-wood , pah !— embossed , too , with cornucopias in the corners ,— seal motto , Qui hi ? ( “ Who waits ? ” ) — denoting that the bearer is to bring an answer . Now for the inside : “ DEVOTED AND RESPECTFUL SIR :— ” “ Insured of your pitiful conduct , your obsequious suppliant , an ele ë mosynary lady of decrepit widowhood , throws herself at your Excellency 's mercy feet with two imbecile childrens of various denominations . For our Heavenly Father 's sake , if not inconvenient ,— which we have been beneficently bereaved of other paternal description ,— we humbly present our implorations to your munificent Excellency , if any small change , to bestow the same , winch it will be eternally acceptable to said ele ë mosynary widow of late Colonel with distinguished medal in Honorable Service , deceased of cholera , which it was suddenly attacks , and as pretty near destitute . Therefore , hoping your munificent and respectable Excellency will not order , being scornful , your pitiful Excellency 's durwan to disperse us ; but five rupees , which nothing to Excellency 's regards , and our tenacious gratitude never forget ; but kissing Excellency 's hands on indifferent occasions , and throwing at mercy feet with two imbecile , offsprings of different denominations , I shall ever pray , & c . ” “ MRS. DIANA , THEODOSIA , COMFORT , GREEN . ” “ P. S . If not five rupees , two rupees five annas , in name of Excellency 's exalted mother , if quite convenient . ” There now ! for an imposing structure in the florid style of half-caste begging-letters , Mrs. Diana Theodosia Comfort Green flatters herself that is hard to beat . “ ‘ Qui hi ? ’ — Karlee , who is at the gate ? ” “ Mem Sahib ! one chee-chee woman wanch look see Master , ispeakee Master buksheesh give ; paunch butcha have got . ” “ Paunch butcha !— five children ! why , Karlee , there are but two here . But remembering , I suppose , that my Excellency has but two ‘ mercy feet , ’ and with an eye to symmetry in the arrangement of the grand tableau of which she proposes to make me the central figure , she has made it two ‘ imbecile offsprings ’ for the looks of the thing . Do you know her , Karlee ? ” “ Man , Sahib ! too much quentence have got that chee-chee woman ; that chee-chee woman all same dam iscamp ; paunch butcha not have got ,— one butcha not have got . Master not give buksheesh ; no good that woman , Karlee think . ” “ Very well , old man ; send her away ; tell the durwan to disperse Mrs. Diana Theodosia Comfort Green ; but let him not insult her decrepit widowhood , nor alarm her imbecile offsprings of various denominations . For the ‘ Eurasian ’ is a great institution , without which polkas at Coolee Bazaar were not , nor pic-nics dansantes at Chandernagore . ” But now to tiffin . I smell a smell of curried prawns , and the first mangoes of the season are fragrant . Buxsoo , the khansaman , has cooled the isherry-shrob , as he calls the “ green seal , ” and the kilmudgars are crying , “ Tiffin , Sahib ! ” The Mamoul of meal-time knows no caste or country . Bur zi hyat ky kooree ! Gur nu moodum , mi kooree ! Badu bi koor bu yadi o , Tazu bu tazu , nou bu nou ! “ Gentle boy , whose silver feet Nimbly move to cadence sweet , Fill us quick the generous wine , Ever fresh and ever fine ! ” BOOKS . It is easy to accuse books , and bad ones are easily found , and the best are but records , and not the things recorded ; and certainly there is dilettanteism enough , and books that are merely neutral and do nothing for us . In Plato 's “ Gorgias , ” Socrates says , “ The ship-master walks in a modest garb near the sea , after bringing his passengers from Aegina or from Pontus , not thinking he has done anything extraordinary , and certainly knowing that his passengers are the same , and in no respect better than when he took them on board . ” So is it with books , for the most part ; they work no redemption in us . The bookseller might certainly know that his customers are in no respect better for the purchase and consumption of his wares . The volume is dear at a dollar , and , after reading to weariness the lettered backs , we leave the shop with a sigh , and learn , as I did , without surprise , of a surly bank-director , that in bank parlors they estimate all stocks of this kind as rubbish . But it is not less true that there are books which are of that importance in a man 's private experience , as to verify for him the fables of Cornelius Agrippa , of Michael Scott , or of the old Orpheus of Thrace ; books which take rank in our life with parents and lovers and passionate experiences , so medicinal , so stringent , so revolutionary , so authoritative ; books which are the work and the proof of faculties so comprehensive , so nearly equal to the world which they paint , that , though one shuts them with meaner ones , he feels his exclusion from them to accuse his way of living . Consider what you have in the smallest chosen library . A company of the wisest and wittiest men that could be picked out of all civil countries , in a thousand years , have set in best order the results of their learning and wisdom . The men themselves were hid and inaccessible , solitary , impatient of interruption , fenced by etiquette ; but the thought which they did not uncover to their bosom friend is here written out in transparent words to us , the strangers of another age . We owe to books those general benefits which come from high intellectual action . Thus , I think , we often owe to them the perception of immortality . They impart sympathetic activity to the moral power . Go with mean people , and you think life is mean . Then read Plutarch , and the world is a proud place , peopled with men of positive quality , with heroes and demigods standing around us who will not let us sleep . Then , they address the imagination ; only poetry inspires poetry . They become the organic culture of the time . College education is the reading of certain books which the common sense of all scholars agrees will represent the science already accumulated . If you know that ,— for instance , in geometry , if you have read Euclid and Laplace ,— your opinion has some value ; if you do not know these , you are not entitled to give any opinion on the subject . Whenever any skeptic or bigot claims to be heard on the questions of intellect and morals , we ask if he is familiar with the books of Plato , where all his pert objections have once for all been disposed of . If not , he has no right to our time . Let him go and find himself answered there . Meantime , the colleges , whilst they provide us with libraries , furnish no professor of books ; and , I think , no chair is so much wanted . In a library we are surrounded by many hundreds of dear friends , but they are imprisoned by an enchanter in these paper and leathern boxes ; and though they know us , and have been waiting two , ten , or twenty centuries for us ,— some of them ,— and are eager to give us a sign , and unbosom themselves , it is the law of their limbo that they must not speak until spoken to ; and as the enchanter has dressed them like battalions of infantry in coat and jacket of one cut , by the thousand and ten thousand , your chance of hitting on the right one is to be computed by the arithmetical rule of Permutation and Combination ,— not a choice out of three caskets , but out of half a million caskets , all alike . But it happens in our experience , that in this lottery there are at least fifty or a hundred blanks to a prize . It seems , then , as if some charitable soul , after losing a great deal of time among the false books , and alighting upon a few true ones which made him happy and wise , would do a right act in naming those which have been bridges or ships to carry him safely over dark morasses and barren oceans , into the heart of sacred cities , into palaces and temples . This would be best done by those great masters of books who from time to time appear ,— the Fabricii , the Seldens , Magliabecchis , Scaligers , Mirandolas , Bayles , Johnsons , whose eyes sweep the whole horizon of learning . But private readers , reading purely for love of the book , would serve us by leaving each the shortest note of what he found . There are books , and it is practicable to read them , because they are so few . We look over with a sigh the monumental libraries of Paris , of the Vatican , and the British Museum . In the Imperial Library at Paris , it is commonly said , there are six hundred thousand volumes , and nearly as many manuscripts ; and perhaps the number of extant printed books may be as many as these numbers united , or exceeding a million . It is easy to count the number of pages which a diligent man can read in a day , and the number of years which human life in favorable circumstances allows to reading ; and to demonstrate , that , though he should read from dawn till dark , for sixty years , he must die in the first alcoves . But nothing can be more deceptive than this arithmetic , where none but a natural method is really pertinent . I visit occasionally the Cambridge Library , and I can seldom go there without renewing the conviction that the best of it all is already within the four walls of my study at home . The inspection of the catalogue brings me continually back to the few standard writers who are on every private shelf ; and to these it can afford only the most slight and casual additions . The crowds and centuries of books are only commentary and elucidation , echoes and weakeners of these few great voices of Time . The best rule of reading will be a method from nature , and not a mechanical one of hours and pages . It holds each student to a pursuit of his native aim , instead of a desultory miscellany . Let him read what is proper to him , and not waste his memory on a crowd of mediocrities . As whole nations have derived their culture from a single book ,— as the Bible has been the literature as well as the religion of large portions of Europe ,— as Hafiz was the eminent genius of the Persians , Confucius of the Chinese , Cervantes of the Spaniards ; so , perhaps , the human mind would be a gainer , if all the secondary writers were lost ,— say , in England , all but Shakspeare , Milton , and Bacon , through the profounder study so drawn to those wonderful minds . With this pilot of his own genius , let the student read one , or let him read many , he will read advantageously . Dr. Johnson said , “ Whilst you stand deliberating which book your son shall read first , another boy has read both : read anything five hours a day , and you will soon be learned . ” Nature is much our friend in this matter . Nature is always clarifying her water and her wine . No filtration can be so perfect . She does the same thing by books as by her gases and plants . There is always a selection in writers , and then a selection from the selection . In the first place , all books that get fairly into the vital air of the world were written by the successful class , by the affirming and advancing class , who utter what tens of thousands feel , though they cannot say . There has already been a scrutiny and choice from many hundreds of young pens , before the pamphlet or political chapter which you read in a fugitive journal comes to your eye . All these are young adventurers , who produce their performance to the wise ear of Time , who sits and weighs , and ten years hence out of a million of pages reprints one . Again it is judged , it is winnowed by all the winds of opinion , and what terrific selection has not passed on it , before it can be reprinted after twenty years , and reprinted after a century !— it is as if Minos and Rhadamanthus had indorsed the writing . ‘ Tis therefore an economy of time to read old and famed books . Nothing can be preserved which is not good ; and I know beforehand that Pindar , Martial , Terence , Galen , Kepler , Galileo , Bacon , Erasmus , More , will be superior to the average intellect . In contemporaries , it is not so easy to distinguish betwixt notoriety and fame . Be sure , then , to read no mean books . Shun the spawn of the press on the gossip of the hour . Do not read what you shall learn without asking , in the street and the train . Dr. Johnson said , “ he always went into stately shops ” ; and good travellers stop at the best hotels ; for , though they cost more , they do not cost much more , and there is the good company and the best information . In like manner , the scholar knows that the famed books contain , first and last , the best thoughts and facts . Now and then , by rarest luck , in some foolish Grub Street is the gem we want . But in the best circles is the best information . If you should transfer the amount of your reading day by day in the newspaper to the standard authors ,— but who dare speak of such a thing ? The three practical rules , then , which I have to offer , are , 1 . Never read any book that is not a year old . 2 . Never read any but famed books . 3 . Never read any but what you like ; or , in Shakespeare 's phrase , “ No profit goes where is no pleasure ta'en ; In brief , Sir , study what you most affect . ” Montaigne says , “ Books are a languid pleasure ” ; but I find certain books vital and spermatic , not leaving the reader what he was ; he shuts the book a richer man . I would never willingly read any others than such . And I will venture , at the risk of inditing a list of old primers and grammars , to count the few books which a superficial reader must thankfully use . Of the old Greek books , I think there are five which we cannot spare :— 1 . Homer , who , in spite of Pope , and all the learned uproar of centuries , has really the true fire , and is good for simple minds , is the true and adequate germ of Greece , and occupies that place as history , which nothing can supply . It holds through all literature , that our best history is still poetry . It is so in Hebrew , in Sanscrit , and in Greek . English history is best known through Shakspeare ; how much through Merlin , Robin Hood , and the Scottish ballads ! the German , through the Nibelungen Lied ; the Spanish , through the Cid . Of Homer , George Chapman 's is the heroic translation , though the most literal prose version is the best of all .— 2 . Herodotus , whose history contains inestimable anecdotes , which brought it with the learned into a sort of disesteem ; but in these days , when it is found that what is most memorable of history is a few anecdotes , and that we need not be alarmed , though we should find it not dull , it is regaining credit .— 3 . Aeschylus , the grandest of the three tragedians , who has given us under a thin veil the first plantation of Europe . The “ Prometheus ” is a poem of the like dignity and scope as the book of Job , or the Norse “ Edda . ” — 4 . Of Plato I hesitate to speak , lest there should be no end . You find in him that which you have already found in Homer , now ripened to thought ,— the poet converted to a philosopher , with loftier strains of musical wisdom than Homer reached , as if Homer were the youth , and Plato the finished man ; yet with no less security of bold and perfect song , when he cares to use it , and with some harpstrings fetched from a higher heaven . He contains the future , as he came out of the past . In Plato , you explore modern Europe in its causes and seed ,— all that in thought , which the history of Europe embodies or has yet to embody . The well-informed man finds himself anticipated . Plato is up with him , too . Nothing has escaped him . Every new crop in the fertile harvest of reform , every fresh suggestion of modern humanity is there . If the student wish to see both sides , and justice done to the man of the world , pitiless exposure of pedants , and the supremacy of truth and the religious sentiment , he shall be contented also . Why should not young men be educated on this book ? It would suffice for the tuition of the race ,— to test their understanding , and to express their reason . Here is that which is so attractive to all men ,— the literature of aristocracy shall I call it ?— the picture of the best persons , sentiments , and manners , by the first master , in the best times ,— portraits of Pericles , Alcibiades , Crito , Prodicus , Protagoras , Anaxagoras , and Socrates , with the lovely background of the Athenian and suburban landscape . Or who can overestimate the images with which he has enriched the minds of men , and which pass like bullion in the currency of all nations ? Read the “ Phaedo , ” the “ Protagoras , ” the “ Phaedrus , ” the “ Timaeus , ” the “ Republic , ” and the “ Apology of Socrates . ” 5 . Plutarch cannot be spared from the smallest library : first , because he is so readable , which is much ; then , that he is medicinal and invigorating . The Lives of Cimon , Lycurgus , Alexander , Demosthenes , Phocion , Marcellus and the rest , are what history has of best . But this book has taken care of itself , and the opinion of the world is expressed in the innumerable cheap editions , which make it as accessible as a newspaper . But Plutarch 's “ Morals ” is less known , and seldom reprinted . Yet such a reader as I am writing to can as ill spare it as the “ Lives . ” He will read in it the essays “ On the Daemon of Socrates , ” “ On Isis and Osiris , ” “ On Progress in Virtue , ” “ On Garrulity , ” “ On Love , ” and thank anew the art of printing , and the cheerful domain of ancient thinking . Plutarch charms by the facility of his associations ; so that it signifies little where you open his book , you find yourself at the Olympian tables . His memory is like the Isthmian Games , where all that was excellent in Greece was assembled , and you are stimulated and recruited by lyric verses , by philosophic sentiments , by the forms and behavior of heroes , by the worship of the gods , and by the passing of fillets , parsley and laurel wreaths , chariots , armor , sacred cups , and utensils of sacrifice . An inestimable trilogy of ancient social pictures are the three “ Banquets ” respectively of Plato , Xenophon , and Plutarch . Plutarch 's has the least claim to historical accuracy ; but the meeting of the Seven Wise Masters is a charming portraiture of ancient manners and discourse , and is as dear as the voice of a fife , and entertaining as a French novel . Xenophon 's delineation of Athenian manners is an accessory to Plato , and supplies traits of Socrates ; whilst Plato 's has merits of every kind ,— being a repertory of the wisdom of the ancients on the subject of love ,— a picture of a feast of wits , not less descriptive than Aristophanes ,— and , lastly , containing that ironical eulogy of Socrates which is the source from which all the portraits of that head current in Europe have been drawn . Of course , a certain outline should be obtained of Greek history , in which the important moments and persons can be rightly set down ; but the shortest is the best , and , if one lacks stomach for Mr. Grote 's voluminous annals , the old slight and popular summary of Goldsmith or Gillies will serve . The valuable part is the age of Pericles , and the next generation . And here we must read the “ Clouds ” of Aristophanes , and what more of that master we gain appetite for , to learn our way in the streets of Athens , and to know the tyranny of Aristophanes , requiring more genius and sometimes not less cruelty than belonged to the official commanders . Aristophanes is now very accessible , with much valuable commentary , through the labors of Mitchell and Cartwright . An excellent popular book is J . A. St. John 's “ Ancient Greece ” ; the “ Life and Letters ” of Niebuhr , even more than his Lectures , furnish leading views ; and Winckelmann , a Greek born out of due time , has become essential to an intimate knowledge of the Attic genius . The secret of the recent histories in German and in English is the discovery , owed first to Wolff , and later to Boeckh , that the sincere Greek history of that period must be drawn from Demosthenes , specially from the business orations , and from the comic poets . If we come down a little by natural steps from the master to the disciples , we have , six or seven centuries later , the Platonists ,— who also cannot be skipped ,— Plotinus , Porphyry , Proclus , Synesius , Jamblichus . Of Jamblichus the Emperor Julian said , “ that he was posterior to Plato in time , not in genius . ” Of Plotinus , we have eulogies by Porphyry and Longinus , and the favor of the Emperor Gallienus ,— indicating the respect he inspired among his contemporaries . If any one who had read with interest the “ Isis and Osiris ” of Plutarch should then read a chapter called “ Providence , ” by Synesius , translated into English by Thomas Taylor , he will find it one of the majestic remains of literature , and , like one walking in the noblest of temples , will conceive new gratitude to his fellowmen , and a new estimate of their nobility . The imaginative scholar will find few stimulants to his brain like these writers . He has entered the Elysian Fields ; and the grand and pleasing figures of gods and daemons and demoniacal men , of the “ azonic ” and the “ aquatic gods , ” daemons with fulgid eyes , and all the rest of the Platonic rhetoric , exalted a little under the African sun , sail before his eyes . The acolyte has mounted the tripod over the cave at Delphi ; his heart dances , his sight is quickened . These guides speak of the gods with such depth and with such pictorial details , as if they had been bodily present at the Olympian feasts . The reader of these books makes new acquaintance with his own mind ; new regions of thought are opened . Jamblichus 's “ Life of Pythagoras ” works more directly on the will than the others ; since Pythagoras was eminently a practical person , the founder of a school of ascetics and socialists , a planter of colonies , and nowise a man of abstract studies alone . The respectable and sometimes excellent translations of Bohn 's Library have done for literature what railroads have done for internal intercourse . I do not hesitate to read all the books I have named , and all good books , in translations . What is really best in any book is translatable ,— any real insight or broad human sentiment . Nay , I observe , that , in our Bible , and other books of lofty moral tone , it seems easy and inevitable to render the rhythm and music of the original into phrases of equal melody . The Italians have a fling at translators , i traditori traduttori , but I thank them . I rarely read any Latin , Greek , German , Italian , sometimes not a French book in the original , which I can procure in a good version . I like to be beholden to the great metropolitan English speech , the sea which receives tributaries from every region under heaven . I should as soon think of swimming across Charles River , when I wish to go to Boston , as of reading all my books in originals , when I have them rendered for me in my mother tongue . For history , there is great choice of ways to bring the student through early Rome . If he can read Livy , he has a good book ; but one of the short English compends , some Goldsmith or Ferguson , should be used , that will place in the cycle the bright stars of Plutarch . The poet Horace is the eye of the Augustan age ; Tacitus , the wisest of historians ; and Martial will give him Roman manners , and some very bad ones , in the early days of the Empire : but Martial must be read , if read at all , in his own tongue . These will bring him to Gibbon , who will take him in charge , and convey him with abundant entertainment down — with notice of all remarkable objects on the way — through fourteen hundred years of time . He cannot spare Gibbon , with his vast reading , with such wit and continuity of mind , that , though never profound , his book is one of the conveniences of civilization , like the proposed railroad from New York to the Pacific ,— and , I think , will be sure to send the reader to his “ Memoirs of Himself , ” and the “ Extracts from my Journal , ” and “ Abstracts of my Readings , ” which will spur the laziest scholar to emulation of his prodigious performance . Now having our idler safe down as far as the fall of Constantinople in 1453 , he is in very good courses ; for here are trusty hands waiting for him . The cardinal facts of European history are soon learned . There is Dante 's poem , to open the Italian Republics of the Middle Age ; Dante 's “ Vita Nuova , ” to explain Dante and Beatrice ; and Boccaccio 's “ Life of Dante , ” — a great man to describe a greater . To help us , perhaps a volume or two of M. Sismondi 's “ Italian Republics ” will be as good as the entire sixteen . When we come to Michel Angelo , his Sonnets and Letters must be read , with his Life by Vasari , or , in our day , by Mr. Duppa . For the Church , and the Feudal Institution , Mr. Hallam 's “ Middle Ages ” will furnish , if superficial , yet readable and conceivable outlines . The “ Life of the Emperor Charles V ., ” by the useful Robertson , is still the key of the following age . Ximenes , Columbus , Loyola , Luther , Erasmus , Melancthon , Francis I ., Henry VIII ., Elizabeth , and Henry IV . of France , are his contemporaries . It is a time of seeds and expansions , whereof our recent civilization is the fruit . If now the relations of England to European affairs bring him to British ground , he is arrived at the very moment when modern history takes new proportions . He can look back for the legends and mythology to the “ Younger Edda ” and the “ Heimrskringla ” of Snorro Sturleson , to Mallet 's “ Northern Antiquities , ” to Ellis 's “ Metrical Romances , ” to Asser 's “ Life of Alfred , ” and Venerable Bede , and to the researches of Sharon Turner and Palgrave . Hume will serve him for an intelligent guide , and in the Elizabethan era he is at the richest period of the English mind , with the chief men of action and of thought which that nation has produced , and with a pregnant future before him . Here he has Shakspeare , Spenser , Sidney , Raleigh , Bacon , Chapman , Jonson , Ford , Beaumont and Fletcher , Herbert , Donne , Herrick ; and Milton , Marvell , and Dryden , not long after . In reading history , he is to prefer the history of individuals . He will not repent the time he gives to Bacon ,— not if he read the “ Advancement of Learning , ” the “ Essays , ” the “ Novum Organon , ” the “ History of Henry VII ., ” and then all the “ Letters , ” ( especially those to the Earl of Devonshire , explaining the Essex business ,) and all but his “ Apophthegms . ” The task is aided by the strong mutual light which these men shed on each other . Thus , the Works of Ben Jonson are a sort of hoop to bind all these fine persons together , and to the land to which they belong . He has written verses to or on all his notable contemporaries ; and what with so many occasional poems , and the portrait sketches in his “ Discoveries , ” and the gossiping record of his opinions in his conversations with Drummond of Hawthornden , has really illustrated the England of his time , if not to the same extent , yet much in the same way , as Walter Scott has celebrated the persons and places of Scotland . Walton , Chapman , Herrick , and Sir Henry Wotton write also to the times . Among the best books are certain Autobiographies : as , St. Augustine 's Confessions ; Benvenuto Cellini 's Life ; Montaigne 's Essays ; Lord Herbert of Cherbury 's Memoirs ; Memoirs of the Cardinal de Retz ; Rousseau 's Confessions ; Linnaeus 's Diary ; Gibbon 's , Hume 's , Franklin 's , Burns 's , Alfieri 's , Goethe 's , and Haydon 's Autobiographies . Another class of books closely allied to these , and of like interest , are those which may be called Table-Talks ; of which the best are Saadi 's Gulistan ; Luther 's Table-Talk ; Aubrey 's Lives ; Spence 's Anecdotes ; Selden 's Table-Talk ; Boswell 's Life of Johnson ; Eckermann 's Conversations with Goethe ; Coleridge 's Table-Talk ; and Hazlitt 's Life of Northcote . There is a class whose value I should designate as favorites ; such as Froissart 's Chronicles ; Southey 's Chronicle of the Cid ; Cervantes ; Sully 's Memoirs ; Rabelais ; Montaigne ; Izaak Walton ; Evelyn ; Sir Thomas Browne ; Aubrey ; Sterne ; Horace Walpole ; Lord Clarendon ; Doctor Johnson ; Burke , shedding floods of light on his times ; Lamb ; Landor ; and De Quincey ;— a list , of course , that may easily be swelled , as dependent on individual caprice . Many men are as tender and irritable as lovers in reference to these predilections . Indeed , a man 's library is a sort of harem , and I observe that tender readers have a great prudencey in showing their books to a stranger . The annals of bibliography afford many examples of the delirious extent to which book-fancying can go , when the legitimate delight in a book is transferred to a rare edition or to a manuscript . This mania reached its height about the beginning of the present century . For an autograph of Shakspeare one hundred and fifty-five guineas were given . In May , 1812 , the library of the Duke of Roxburgh was sold . The sale lasted forty-two days ,— we abridge the story from Dibdin ,— and among the many curiosities was a copy of Boccaccio published by Valdarfer , at Venice , in 1471 ; the only perfect copy of this edition . Among the distinguished company which attended the sale were the Duke of Devonshire , Earl Spencer , and the Duke of Marlborough , then Marquis of Blandford . The bid stood at five hundred guineas . “ A thousand guineas , ” said Earl Spencer : “ And ten , ” added the Marquis . You might hear a pin drop . All eyes were bent on the bidders . Now they talked apart , now ate a biscuit , now made a bet , but without the least thought of yielding one to the other . “ Two thousand pounds , ” said the Marquis . The Earl Spencer bethought him like a prudent general of useless bloodshed and waste of powder , and had paused a quarter of a minute , when Lord Althorp with long steps came to his side , as if to bring his father a fresh lance to renew the fight . Father and son whispered together , and Earl Spencer exclaimed , “ Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds ! ” An electric shock went through the assembly . “ And ten , ” quietly added the Marquis . There ended the strife . Ere Evans let the hammer fall , he paused ; the ivory instrument swept the air ; the spectators stood dumb , when the hammer fell . The stroke of its fall sounded on the farthest shores of Italy . The tap of that hammer was heard in the libraries of Rome , Milan , and Venice . Boccaccio stirred in his sleep of five hundred years , and M. Van Praet groped in vain amidst the royal alcoves in Paris , to detect a copy of the famed Valdarfer Boccaccio . Another class I distinguish by the term Vocabularies . Burton 's “ Anatomy of Melancholy ” is a book of great learning . To read it is like reading in a dictionary . ‘ Tis an inventory to remind us how many classes and species of facts exist , and , in observing into what strange and multiplex by-ways learning has strayed , to infer our opulence . Neither is a dictionary a bad book to read . There is no cant in it , no excess of explanation , and it is full of suggestion ,— the raw material of possible poems and histories . Nothing is wanting but a little shuffling , sorting , ligature , and cartilage . Out of a hundred examples , Cornelius Agrippa “ On the Vanity of Arts and Sciences ” is a specimen of that scribatious-ness which grew to be the habit of the gluttonous readers of his time . Like the modern Germans , they read a literature , whilst other mortals read a few books . They read voraciously , and must disburden themselves ; so they take any general topic , as , Melancholy , or Praise of Science , or Praise of Folly , and write and quote without method or end . Now and then out of that affluence of their learning comes a fine sentence from Theophrastus , or Seneca , or Bo ë thius , but no high method , no inspiring efflux . But one cannot afford to read for a few sentences ; they are good only as strings of suggestive words . There is another class more needful to the present age , because the currents of custom run now in another direction , and leave us dry on this side ;— I mean the Imaginative . A right metaphysics should do justice to the co ö rdinate powers of Imagination , Insight , Understanding , and Will . Poetry , with its aids of Mythology and Romance , must be well allowed for an imaginative creature . Men are ever lapsing into a beggarly habit , wherein everything that is not ciphering , that is , which does not serve the tyrannical animal , is hustled out of sight . Our orators and writers are of the same poverty , and , in this rag-fair , neither the Imagination , the great awakening power , nor the Morals , creative of genius and of men , are addressed . But though orator and poet are of this hunger party , the capacities remain . We must have symbols . The child asks you for a story , and is thankful for the poorest . It is not poor to him , but radiant with meaning . The man asks for a novel ,— that is , asks leave , for a few hours , to be a poet , and to paint things as they ought to be . The youth asks for a poem . The very dunces wish to go to the theatre . What private heavens can we not open , by yielding to all the suggestion of rich music ! We must have idolatries , mythologies , some swing and verge for the creative power lying coiled and cramped here , driving ardent natures to insanity and crime , if it do not find vent . Without the great and beautiful arts which speak to the sense of beauty , a man seems to me a poor , naked , shivering creature . These are his becoming draperies , which warm and adorn him . Whilst the prudential and economical tone of society starves the imagination , affronted Nature gets such indemnity as she may . The novel is that allowance and frolic the imagination finds . Everything else pins it down , and men flee for redress to Byron , Scott , Disraeli , Dumas , Sand , Balzac , Dickens , Thackeray , and Reade . Their education is neglected ; but the circulating library and the theatre , as well as the trout-fishing , the Notch Mountains , the Adirondac country , the tour to Mont Blanc , to the White Hills , and the Ghauts , make such amends as they can . The imagination infuses a certain volatility and intoxication . It has a flute which sets the atoms of our frame in a dance , like planets , and , once so liberated , the whole man reeling drunk to the music , they never quite subside to their old stony state . But what is the Imagination ? Only an arm or weapon of the interior energy ; only the precursor of the Reason . And books that treat the old pedantries of the world , our times , places , professions , customs , opinions , histories , with a certain freedom , and distribute things , not after the usages of America and Europe , but after the laws of right reason , and with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams , put us on our feet again , enable us to form an original judgment of our duties , and suggest new thoughts for to-morrow . “ Lucrezia Floriani , ” “ Le P é ch é de M. Antoine , ” “ Jeanne , ” of George Sand , are great steps from the novel of one termination , which we all read twenty years ago . Yet how far off from life and manners and motives the novel still is ! Life lies about us dumb ; the day , as we know it , has not yet found a tongue . These stories are to the plots of real life what the figures in “ La Belle Assembl é e , ” which represent the fashion of the month , are to portraits . But the novel will find the way to our interiors one day , and will not always be the novel of costume merely . I do not think them inoperative now . So much novel-reading cannot leave the young men and maidens untouched ; and doubtless it gives some ideal dignity to the day . The young study noble behavior ; and as the player in “ Consuelo ” insists that he and his colleagues on the boards have taught princes the fine etiquette and strokes of grace and dignity which they practise with so much effect in their villas and among their dependents , so I often see traces of the Scotch or the French novel in the courtesy and brilliancy of young midshipmen , collegians , and clerks . Indeed , when one observes how ill and ugly people make their loves and quarrels , ‘ tis pity they should not read novels a little more , to import the fine generosities , and the clear , firm conduct , which are as becoming in the unions and separations which love effects under shingle roofs as in palaces and among illustrious personages . In novels the most serious questions are really beginning to be discussed . What made the popularity of “ Jane Eyre , ” but that a central question was answered in some sort ? The question there answered in regard to a vicious marriage will always be treated according to the habit of the party . A person of commanding individualism will answer it as Rochester does ,— as Cleopatra , as Milton , as George Sand do ,— magnifying the exception into a rule , dwarfing the world into an exception . A person of less courage , that is , of less constitution , will answer as the heroine does ,— giving way to fate , to conventionalism , to the actual state and doings of men and women . For the most part , our novel-reading is a passion for results . We admire parks , and high-born beauties , and the homage of drawing-rooms , and parliaments . They make us skeptical , by giving prominence to wealth and social position . I remember when some peering eyes of boys discovered that the oranges hanging on the boughs of an orange-tree in a gay piazza were tied to the twigs by thread . I fear ‘ tis so with the novelist 's prosperities . Nature has a magic by which she fits the man to his fortunes , by making them the fruit of his character . But the novelist plucks this event here , and that fortune there , and ties them rashly to his figures , to tickle the fancy of his readers with a cloying success , or scare them with shocks of tragedy . And so , on the whole , ‘ tis a juggle . We are cheated into laughter or wonder by feats which only oddly combine acts that we do every day . There is no new element , no power , no furtherance . ‘ Tis only confectionery , not the raising of new corn . Great is the poverty of their inventions . She was beautiful , and he fell in love . Money , and killing , and the Wandering Jew , and persuading the lover that his mistress is betrothed to another ,— these are the mainsprings ; new names , but no new qualities in the men and women . Hence the vain endeavor to keep any bit of this fairy gold , which has rolled like a brook through our hands . A thousand thoughts awoke ; great rainbows seemed to span the sky ; a morning among the mountains ;— but we close the book , and not a ray remains in the memory of evening . But this passion for romance , and this disappointment , show how much we need real elevations and pure poetry ; that which shall show us , in morning and night , in stars and mountains , and in all the plight and circumstance of men , the analogons of our own thoughts , and a like impression made by a just book and by the face of Nature . If our times are sterile in genius , we must cheer us with books of rich and believing men who had atmosphere and amplitude about them . Every good fable , every mythology , every biography out of a religious age , every passage of love , and even philosophy and science , when they proceed from an intellectual integrity , and are not detached and critical , have the imaginative element . The Greek fables , the Persian history , ( Firdousi ,) the “ Younger Edda ” of the Scandinavians , the “ Chronicle of the Cid , ” the poem of Dante , the Sonnets of Michel Angelo , the English drama of Shakspeare , Beaumont and Fletcher , and Ford , and even the prose of Bacon and Milton ,— in our time , the ode of Wordsworth , and the poems and the prose of Goethe , have this richness , and leave room for hope and for generous attempts . There is no room left ,— and yet I might as well not have begun as to leave out a class of books which are the best : I mean the Bibles of the world , or the sacred books of each nation , which express for each the supreme result of their experience . After the Hebrew and Greek Scriptures , which constitute the sacred books of Christendom , these are , the Desatir of the Persians , and the Zoroastrian Oracles ; the Vedas and Laws of Menu ; the Upanishads , the Vishnu Purana , the Bhagvat Geeta , of the Hindoos ; the books of the Buddhists ; the “ Chinese Classic , ” of four books , containing the wisdom of Confucius and Mencius . Also such other books as have acquired a semi-canonical authority in the world , as expressing the highest sentiment and hope of nations . Such are the “ Hermes Trismegistus , ” pretending to be Egyptian remains ; the “ Sentences ” of Epictetus ; of Marcus Antoninus ; the “ Vishnu Sarma ” of the Hindoos ; the “ Gulistan ” of Saadi ; the “ Imitation of Christ , ” of Thomas à Kempis ; and the “ Thoughts ” of Pascal . All these books are the majestic expressions of the universal conscience , and are more to our daily purpose than this year 's almanac or this day 's newspaper . But they are for the closet , and to be read on the bended knee . Their communications are not to be given or taken with the lips and the end of the tongue , but out of the glow of the cheek , and with the throbbing heart . Friendship should give and take , solitude and time brood and ripen , heroes absorb and enact them . They are not to be held by letters printed on a page , but are living characters translatable into every tongue and form of life . I read them on lichens and bark ; I watch them on waves on the beach ; they fly in birds , they creep in worms ; I detect them in laughter and blushes and eye-sparkles of men and women . These are Scriptures which the missionary might well carry over prairie , desert , and ocean , to Siberia , Japan , Timbuctoo . Yet he will find that the spirit which is in them journeys faster than he , and greets him on his arrival ,— was there already long before him . The missionary must be carried by it , and find it there , or he goes in vain . Is there any geography in these things ? We call them Asiatic , we call them primeval ; but perhaps that is only optical ; for Nature is always equal to herself , and there are as good pairs of eyes and ears now in the planet as ever were . Only these ejaculations of the soul are uttered one or a few at a time , at long intervals , and it takes millenniums to make a Bible . These are a few of the books which the old and the later times have yielded us , which will reward the time spent on them . In comparing the number of good books with the shortness of life , many might well be read by proxy , if we had good proxies ; and it would be well for sincere young men to borrow a hint from the French Institute and the British Association , and , as they divide the whole body into sections , each of which sit upon and report of certain matters confided to them , so let each scholar associate himself to such persons as he can rely on , in a literary club , in which each shall undertake a single work or series for which he is qualified . For example , how attractive is the whole literature of the “ Roman de la Rose , ” the “ Fabliaux , ” and the gai science of the French Troubadours ! Yet who in Boston has time for that ? But one of our company shall undertake it , shall study and master it , and shall report on it , as under oath ; shall give us the sincere result , as it lies in his mind , adding nothing , keeping nothing back . Another member , meantime , shall as honestly search , sift , and as truly report on British mythology , the Round Table , the histories of Brut , Merlin , and Welsh poetry ; a third , on the Saxon Chronicles , Robert of Gloucester , and William of Malmesbury ; a fourth , on Mysteries , Early Drama , “ Gesta Romanorum , ” Collier , and Dyce , and the Camden Society . Each shall give us his grains of gold , after the washing ; and every other shall then decide whether this is a book indispensable to him also . THE DIAMOND LENS . I . THE BENDING OF THE TWIG . From a very early period of my life the entire bent of my inclinations had been towards microscopic investigations . When I was not more than ten years old , a distant relative of our family , hoping to astonish my inexperience , constructed a simple microscope for me , by drilling in a disk of copper a small hole , in which a drop of pure water was sustained by capillary attraction . This very primitive apparatus , magnifying some fifty diameters , presented , it is true , only indistinct and imperfect forms , but still sufficiently wonderful to work up my imagination to a preternatural state of excitement . Seeing me so interested in this rude instrument , my cousin explained to me all that he knew about the principles of the microscope , related to me a few of the wonders which had been accomplished through its agency , and ended by promising to send me one regularly constructed , immediately on his return to the city . I counted the days , the hours , the minutes , that intervened between that promise and his departure . Meantime I was not idle . Every transparent substance that bore the remotest semblance to a lens I eagerly seized upon and employed in vain attempts to realize that instrument , the theory of whose construction I as yet only vaguely comprehended . All panes of glass containing these oblate spheroidal knots familiarly known as “ bull 's eyes ” were ruthlessly destroyed , in the hope of obtaining lenses of marvellous power . I even went so far as to extract the crystalline humor from the eyes of fishes and animals , and endeavored to press it into the microscopic service . I plead guilty to having stolen the glasses from my Aunt Agatha 's spectacles , with a dim idea , of grinding them into lenses of wondrous magnifying properties ,— in which attempt it is scarcely necessary to say that I totally failed . At last the promised instrument came . It was of that order known as Field 's simple microscope , and had cost perhaps about fifteen dollars . As far as educational purposes went , a better apparatus could not have been selected . Accompanying it was a small treatise on the microscope ,— its history , uses , and discoveries . I comprehended then for the first time the “ Arabian Nights ’ Entertainments . ” The dull veil of ordinary existence that hung across the world seemed suddenly to roll away , and to lay bare a land of enchantments . I felt towards my companions as the seer might feel towards the ordinary masters of men . I held conversations with Xanure in a tongue which they could not understand . I was in daily communication with living wonders , such as they never imagined in their wildest visions . I penetrated beyond the external portal of things , and roamed through the sanctuaries . Where they beheld only a drop of rain slowly rolling down the window-glass , I saw a universe of beings animated with all the passions common to physical life , and convulsing their minute sphere with struggles as fierce and protracted as those of men . In the common spots of mould , which my mother , good housekeeper that she was , fiercely scooped away from her jam pots , there abode for me , under the name of mildew , enchanted gardens , filled with dells and avenues of the densest foliage and most astonishing verdure , while from the fantastic boughs of these microscopic forests hung strange fruits glittering with green and silver and gold . It was no scientific thirst that at this time filled my mind . It was the pure enjoyment of a poet to whom a world of wonders has been disclosed . I talked of my solitary pleasures to none . Alone with my microscope , I dimmed my sight , day after day and night after night poring over the marvels which it unfolded to me . I was like one who , having discovered the ancient Eden still existing in all its primitive glory , should resolve to enjoy it in solitude , and never betray to mortal the secret of its locality . The rod of my life was bent at this moment . I destined myself to be a microscopist . Of course , like every novice , I fancied myself a discoverer . I was ignorant at the time of the thousands of acute intellects engaged in the same pursuit as myself , and with the advantages of instruments a thousand times more powerful than mine . The names of Leeuwenhoek , Williamson , Spencer , Ehrenberg , Schultz , Dujardin , Schact , and Schleiden were then entirely unknown to me , or if known , I was ignorant of their patient and wonderful researches . In every fresh specimen of Cryptogamia which I placed beneath my instrument I believed that I discovered wonders of which the world was as yet ignorant . I remember well the thrill of delight and admiration that shot through me the first time that I discovered the common wheel animalcule ( Rotifera vulgaris ) expanding and contracting its flexible spokes , and seemingly rotating through the water . Alas ! as I grew older , and obtained some works treating of my favorite study , I found that I was only on the threshold of a science to the investigation of which some of the greatest men of the age were devoting their lives and intellects . As I grew up , my parents , who saw but little likelihood of anything practical resulting from the examination of bits of moss and drops of water through a brass tube and a piece of glass , were anxious that I should choose a profession . It was their desire that I should enter the counting-house of my uncle , Ethan Blake , a prosperous merchant , who carried on business in New York . This suggestion I decisively combated . I had no taste for trade ; I should only make a failure ; in short , I refused to become a merchant . But it was necessary for me to select some pursuit . My parents were staid New England people , who insisted on the necessity of labor ; and therefore , although , thanks to the bequest of my poor Aunt Agatha , I should , on coming of age , inherit a small fortune sufficient to place me above want , it was decided , that , instead of waiting for this , I should act the nobler part , and employ the intervening years in rendering myself independent . After much cogitation I complied with the wishes of my family , and selected a profession . I determined to study medicine at the New York Academy . This disposition of my future suited me . A removal from my relatives would enable me to dispose of my time as I pleased , without fear of detection . As long as I paid my Academy fees , I might shirk attending the lectures , if I chose ; and as I never had the remotest intention of standing an examination , there was no danger of my being “ plucked . ” Besides , a metropolis was the place for me . There I could obtain excellent instruments , the newest publications , intimacy with men of pursuits kindred to my own ,— in short , all things necessary to insure a profitable devotion of my life to my beloved science . I had an abundance of money , few desires that were not bounded by my illuminating mirror on one side and my object-glass on the other ; what , therefore , was to prevent my becoming an illustrious investigator of the veiled worlds ? It was with the most buoyant hopes that I left my New England home and established myself in New York . II . THE LONGING OF A MAN OF SCIENCE . My first step , of course , was to find suitable apartments . These I obtained , after a couple of days ’ search , in Fourth Avenue ; a very pretty second-floor unfurnished , containing sitting-room , bedroom , and a smaller apartment which I intended to fit up as a laboratory . I furnished my lodgings simply , but rather elegantly , and then devoted all my energies to the adornment of the temple of my worship . I visited Pike , the celebrated optician , and passed in review his splendid collection of microscopes ,— Field 's Compound , Higham 's , Spencer 's , Nachet 's Binocular , ( that founded on the principles of the stereoscope ,) and at length fixed upon that form known as Spencer 's Trunnion Microscope , as combining the greatest number of improvements with an almost perfect freedom from tremor . Along with this I purchased every possible accessory ,— drawtubes , micrometers , a camera-lucida , lever-stage , achromatic condensers , white cloud illuminators , prisms , parabolic condensers , polarizing apparatus , forceps , aquatic boxes , fishing-tubes , with a host of other articles , all of which would have been useful in the hands of an experienced microscopist , but , as I afterwards discovered , were not of the slightest present value to me . It takes years of practice to know how to use a complicated microscope . The optician looked suspiciously at me as I made these wholesale purchases . He evidently was uncertain whether to set me down as some scientific celebrity or a madman . I think he inclined to the latter belief . I suppose I was mad . Every great genius is mad upon the subject in which he is greatest . The unsuccessful madman is disgraced , and called a lunatic . Mad or not , I set myself to work with a zeal which few scientific students have ever equalled . I had everything to learn relative to the delicate study upon which I had embarked ,— a study involving the most earnest patience , the most rigid analytic powers , the steadiest hand , the most untiring eye , the most refined and subtile manipulation . For a long time half my apparatus lay inactively on the shelves of my laboratory , which was now most amply furnished with every possible contrivance for facilitating my investigations . The fact was that I did not know how to use some of my scientific accessories ,— never having been taught microscopies ,— and those whose use I understood theoretically were of little avail , until by practice I could attain the necessary delicacy of handling . Still , such was the fury of my ambition , such the untiring perseverance of my experiments , that , difficult of credit as it may be , in the course of one year I became theoretically and practically an accomplished microscopist . During this period of my labors , in which I submitted specimens of every substance that came under my observation to the action of my lenses , I became a discoverer ,— in a small way , it is true , for I was very young , but still a discoverer . It was I who destroyed Ehrenberg 's theory that the Volcox globator was an animal , and proved that his “ monads ” with stomachs and eyes were merely phases of the formation of a vegetable cell , and were , when they reached their mature state , incapable of the act of conjugation , or any true generative act , without which no organism rising to any stage of life higher than vegetable can be said to be complete . It was I who resolved the singular problem of rotation in the cells and hairs of plants into ciliary attraction , in spite of the assertions of Mr. Wenham and others , that my explanation was the result of an optical illusion . But notwithstanding these discoveries , laboriously and painfully made as they were , I felt horribly dissatisfied . At every step I found myself stopped by the imperfections of my instruments . Like all active microscopists , I gave my imagination full play . Indeed , it is a common complaint against many such , that they supply the defects of their instruments with the creations of their brains . I imagined depths beyond depths in Nature which the limited power of my lenses prohibited me from exploring . I lay awake at night constructing imaginary microscopes of immeasurable power , with which I seemed to pierce through all the envelopes of matter down to its original atom . How I cursed those imperfect mediums which necessity through ignorance compelled me to use ! How I longed to discover the secret of some perfect lens whose magnifying power should be limited only by the resolvability of the object , and which at the same time should be free from spherical and chromatic aberrations , in short from all the obstacles over which the poor microscopist finds himself continually stumbling ! I felt convinced that the simple microscope , composed of a single lens of such vast yet perfect power , was possible of construction . To attempt to bring the compound microscope up to such a pitch would have been commencing at the wrong end ; this latter being simply a partially successful endeavor to remedy those very defects of the simple instrument , which , if conquered , would leave nothing to be desired . It was in this mood of mind that I became a constructive microscopist . After another year passed in this new pursuit , experimenting on every imaginable substance ,— glass , gems , flints , crystals , artificial crystals formed of the alloy of various vitreous materials ,— in short , having constructed as many varieties of lenses as Argus had eyes , I found myself precisely where I started , with nothing gained save an extensive knowledge of glass-making . I was almost dead with despair . My parents were surprised at my apparent want of progress in my medical studies , ( I had not attended one lecture since my arrival in the city ,) and the expenses of my mad pursuit had been so great as to embarrass me very seriously . I was in this frame of mind one day , experimenting in my laboratory on a small diamond ,— that stone , from its great refracting power , having always occupied my attention more than any other ,— when a young Frenchman , who lived on the floor above me , and who was in the habit of occasionally visiting me , entered the room . I think that Jules Simon was a Jew . He had many traits of the Hebrew character : a love of jewelry , of dress , and of good living . There was something mysterious about him . He always had something to sell , and yet went into excellent society . When I say sell , I should perhaps have said peddle ; for his operations were generally confined to the disposal of single articles ,— a picture , for instance , or a rare carving in ivory , or a pair of duelling-pistols , or the dress of a Mexican caballero . When I was first furnishing my rooms , he paid me a visit , which ended in my purchasing an antique silver lamp , which he assured me was a Cellini ,— it was handsome enough even for that ,— and some other knick-knacks for my sitting-room . Why Simon should pursue this petty trade I never could imagine . He apparently had plenty of money , and had the entr é e of the best houses in the city ,— taking care , however , I suppose , to drive no bargains within the enchanted circle of the Upper Ten . I came at length to the conclusion that this peddling was but a mask to cover some greater object , and even went so far as to believe my young acquaintance to be implicated in the slave-trade . That , however , was none of my affair . On the present occasion , Simon entered my room in a state of considerable excitement . “ Ah ! mon ami ! ” he cried , before I could even offer him the ordinary salutation , “ it has occurred to me to be the witness of the most astonishing things in the world . I promenade myself to the house of Madame —— -  . How does the little animal — le renard — name himself in the Latin ? ” “ Vulpes , ” I answered . “ Ah ! yes , Vulpes . I promenade myself to the house of Madame Vulpes . ” “ The spirit medium ? ” “ Yes , the great medium . Great Heavens ! what a woman ! I write on a slip of paper many of questions concerning affairs the most secret ,— affairs that conceal themselves in the abysses of my heart the most profound ; and behold ! by example ! what occurs ? This devil of a woman makes me replies the most truthful to all of them . She talks to me of things that I do not love to talk of to myself . What am I to think ? I am fixed to the earth ! ” “ Am I to understand you , M. Simon , that this Mrs. Vulpes replied to questions secretly written by you , which questions related to events known only to yourself ? ” “ Ah ! more than that , more than that , ” he answered , with an air of some alarm . “ She related to me things —— But , ” he added , after a pause , and suddenly changing his manner , “ why occupy ourselves with these follies ? It was all the Biology , without doubt . It goes without saying that it has not my credence .— But why are we here , mon ami ? It has occurred to me to discover the most beautiful thing as you can imagine .— a vase with green lizards on it composed by the great Bernard Palissy . It is in my apartment ; let us mount . I go to show it to you . ” I followed Simon mechanically ; but my thoughts were far from Palissy and his enamelled ware , although I , like him , was seeking in the dark after a great discovery . This casual mention of the spiritualist , Madame Vulpes , set me on a new track . What if this spiritualism should be really a great fact ? What if , through communication with subtiler organisms than my own , I could reach at a single bound the goal , which perhaps a life of agonizing mental toil would never enable me to attain ? While purchasing the Palissy vase from my friend Simon , I was mentally arranging a visit to Madame Vulpes . III . THE SPIRIT OF LEEUWENHOEK . Two evenings after this , thanks to an arrangement by letter and the promise of an ample fee , I found Madame Vulpes awaiting me at her residence alone . She was a coarse-featured woman , with a keen and rather cruel dark eye , and an exceedingly sensual expression about her mouth and under jaw . She received me in perfect silence , in an apartment on the ground floor , very sparely furnished . In the centre of the room , close to where Mrs. Vulpes sat , there was a common round mahogany table . If I had come for the purpose of sweeping her chimney , the woman could not have looked more indifferent to my appearance . There was no attempt to inspire the visitor with any awe . Everything bore a simple and practical aspect . This intercourse with the spiritual world was evidently as familiar an occupation with Mrs. Vulpes as eating her dinner or riding in an omnibus . “ You come for a communication , Mr. Linley ? ” said the medium , in a dry , business-like tone of voice . “ By appointment ,— yes . ” “ What sort of communication do you want ?— a written one ? ” “ Yes ,— I wish for a written one . ” “ From any particular spirit ? ” “ Yes . ” “ Have you ever known this spirit on this earth ? ” “ Never . He died long before I was born . I wish merely to obtain from him some information which he ought to be able to give better than any other . ” “ Will you seat yourself at the table , Mr. Linley , ” said the medium , “ and place your hands upon it ? ” I obeyed ,— Mrs. Vulpes being seated opposite me , with her hands also on the table . We remained thus for about a minute and a half , when a violent succession of raps came on the table , on the back of my chair , on the floor immediately under my feet , and even on the window panes . Mrs. Vulpes smiled composedly . “ They are very strong to-night , ” she remarked . “ You are fortunate . ” She then continued , “ Will the spirits communicate with this gentleman ? ” Vigorous affirmative . “ Will the particular spirit he desires to speak with communicate ? ” A very confused rapping followed this question . “ I know what they mean , ” said Mrs. Vulpes , addressing herself to me ; “ they wish you to write down the name of the particular spirit that you desire to converse with . Is that so ? ” she added , speaking to her invisible guests . That it was so was evident from the numerous affirmatory responses . While this was going on , I tore a slip from my pocket-book , and scribbled a name under the table . “ Will this spirit communicate in writing with this gentleman ? ” asked the medium once more . After a moment 's pause her hand seemed to be seized with a violent tremor , shaking so forcibly that the table vibrated . She said that a spirit had seized her hand and would write . I handed her some sheets of paper that were on the table , and a pencil . The latter she held loosely in her hand , which presently began to move over the paper with a singular and seemingly involuntary motion . After a few moments had elapsed she handed me the paper , on which I found written , in a large , uncultivated hand , the words , “ He is not here , but has been sent for . ” A pause of a minute or so now ensued , during which Mrs. Vulpes remained perfectly silent , but the raps continued at regular intervals . When the short period I mention had elapsed , the hand of the medium was again seized with its convulsive tremor , and she wrote , under this strange influence , a few words on the paper , which she handed to me . They were as follows : “ I am here . Question me . “ LEEUWENHOEK . ” I was , astounded . The name was identical with that I had written beneath the table , and carefully kept concealed . Neither was it at all probable that an uncultivated woman like Mrs. Vulpes should know even the name of the great father of microscopies . It may have been Biology ; but this theory was soon doomed to be destroyed . I wrote on my slip — still concealing it from Mrs. Vulpes — a series of questions , which , to avoid tediousness , I shall place with the responses in the order in which they occurred . I .— Can the microscope be brought to perfection ? SPIRIT .— Yes . I .— Am I destined to accomplish this great task ? SPIRIT .— You are . I .— I wish to know how to proceed to attain this end . For the love which you bear to science , help me ! SPIRIT .— A diamond of one hundred and forty carats , submitted to electro-magnetic currents for a long period , will experience a rearrangement of its atoms inter se , and from that stone you will form the universal lens . I .— Will great discoveries result from the use of such a lens ? SPIRIT .— So great , that all that has gone before is as nothing . I .— But the refractive power of the diamond is so immense , that the image will be formed within the lens . How is that difficulty to be surmounted ? SPIRIT .— Pierce the lens through its axis , and the difficulty is obviated . The image will be formed in the pierced space , which will itself serve as a tube to look through . Now I am called . Good night ! I cannot at all describe the effect that these extraordinary communications had upon me . I felt completely bewildered . No biological theory could account for the discovery of the lens . The medium might , by means of biological rapport with my mind , have gone so far as to read my questions , and reply to them coherently . But Biology could not enable her to discover that magnetic currents would so alter the crystals of the diamond as to remedy its previous defects , and admit of its being polished into a perfect lens . Some such theory may have passed through my head , it is true , but if so , I had forgotten it . In my excited condition of mind there was no course left but to become a convert , and it was in a state of the most painful nervous exultation that I left the medium 's house that evening . She accompanied me to the door , hoping that I was satisfied . The raps followed us as we went through the hall , sounding on the balusters , the flooring , and even the lintels of the door . I hastily expressed my satisfaction , and escaped hurriedly into the cool night air . I walked home with but one thought possessing me ,— how to obtain a diamond of the immense size required . My entire means multiplied a hundred times over would have been inadequate to its purchase . Besides , such stones are rare , and become historical . I could find such only in the regalia of Eastern or European monarchs . IV . THE EYE OF MORNING . There was a light in Simon 's room as I entered my house . A vague impulse urged me to visit him . As I opened the door of his sitting-room unannounced , he was bending , with his back toward me , over a carcel lamp , apparently engaged in minutely examining some object which he held in his hands . As I entered , he started suddenly , thrust his hand into his breast pocket , and turned to me with a face crimson with confusion . “ What ! ” I cried , “ poring over the miniature of some fair lady ? Well , do n't blush so much ; I wo n't ask to see it . ” Simon laughed awkwardly enough , but made none of the negative protestations usual on such occasions . He asked me to take a seat . “ Simon , ” said I , “ I have just come from Madame Vulpes . ” This time Simon turned as white as a sheet , and seemed stupefied , as if a sudden electric shock had smitten him . He babbled some incoherent words , and went hastily to a small closet where he usually kept his liquors . Although astonished at his emotion , I was too preoccupied with my own idea to pay much attention to anything else . “ You say truly when you call Madame Vulpes a devil of a woman , ” I continued , “ Simon , she told me wonderful things tonight , or rather was the means of telling me wonderful things . Ah ! if I could only get a diamond that weighed one hundred and forty carats ! ” Scarcely had the sigh with which I uttered this desire died upon my lips , when Simon , with the aspect of a wild beast , glared at me savagely , and rushing to the mantel-piece , where some foreign weapons hung on the wall , caught up a Malay creese , and brandished it furiously before him . “ No ! ” he cried in French , into which he always broke when excited . “ No ! you shall not have it ! You are perfidious ! You have consulted with that demon , and desire my treasure ! But I will die first ! Me ! I am brave ! You cannot make me fear ! ” All this , uttered in a loud voice trembling with excitement , astounded me . I saw at a glance that I had accidentally trodden upon the edges of Simon 's secret , whatever it was . It was necessary to reassure him . “ My dear Simon , ” I said , “ I am entirely at a loss to know what you mean . I went to Madame Vulpes to consult with her on a scientific problem , to the solution of which I discovered that a diamond of the size I just mentioned was necessary . You were never alluded to during the evening , nor , so far as I was concerned , even thought of . What can be the meaning of this outburst ? If you happen to have a set of valuable diamonds in your possession , you need fear nothing from me . The diamond which I require you could not possess ; or if you did possess it , you would not be living here . ” Something in my tone must have completely reassured him ; for his expression immediately changed to a sort of constrained merriment , combined , however , with a certain suspicious attention to my movements . He laughed , and said that I must bear with him ; that he was at certain moments subject to a species of vertigo , which betrayed itself in incoherent speeches , and that the attacks passed off as rapidly as they came . He put his weapon aside while making this explanation , and endeavored , with some success , to assume a more cheerful air . All this did not impose on me in the least . I was too much accustomed to analytical labors to be baffled by so flimsy a veil . I determined to probe the mystery to the bottom . “ Simon , ” I said , gayly , “ let us forget all this over a bottle of Burgundy . I have a case of Lausseure 's Clos Vongeot down-stairs , fragrant with the odors and ruddy with the sunlight of the C ô te d'Or . Let us have up a couple of bottles . What say you ? ” “ With all my heart , ” answered Simon , smilingly . I produced the wine and we seated ourselves to drink . It was of a famous vintage , that of 1818 , a year when war and wine throve together , and its pure , but powerful juice seemed to impart renewed vitality to the system . By the time we had half finished the second bottle , Simon 's head , which I knew was a weak one , had begun to yield , while I remained calm as ever , only that every draught seemed to send a flush of vigor through my limbs . Simon 's utterance became more and more indistinct . He took to singing French chansons of a not very moral tendency . I rose suddenly from the table just at the conclusion of one of those incoherent verses , and fixing my eyes on him with a quiet smile , said : “ Simon , I have deceived you . I learned your secret this evening . You may as well be frank with me . Mrs. Vulpes , or rather , one of her spirits , told me all . ” He started with horror . His intoxication seemed for the moment to fade away , and he made a movement towards the weapon that he had a short time before laid down . I stopped him with my hand . “ Monster ! ” he cried , passionately , “ I am ruined ! What shall I do ? You shall never have it ! I swear by my mother ! ” “ I do n't want it , ” I said ; “ rest secure , but be frank with me . Tell me all about it . ” The drunkenness began to return . He protested with maudlin earnestness that I was entirely mistaken ,— that I was intoxicated ; then asked me to swear eternal secrecy , and promised to disclose the mystery to me . I pledged myself , of course , to all . With an uneasy look in his eyes , and hands unsteady with drink and nervousness , he drew a small case from his breast and opened it . Heavens ! How the mild lamp-light was shivered into a thousand prismatic arrows , as it fell upon a vast rose-diamond that glittered in the case ! I was no judge of diamonds , but I saw at a glance that this was a gem of rare size and purity . I looked at Simon with wonder , and — must I confess it ?— with envy . How could he have obtained this treasure ? In reply to my questions , I could just gather from his drunken statements ( of which , I fancy , half the incoherence was affected ) that he had been superintending a gang of slaves engaged in diamond-washing in Brazil ; that he had seen one of them secrete a diamond , but , instead of informing his employers , had quietly watched the negro until he saw him bury his treasure ; that he had dug it up , and fled with it , but that as yet he was afraid to attempt to dispose of it publicly ,— so valuable a gem being almost certain to attract too much attention to its owner 's antecedents ,— and he had not been able to discover any of those obscure channels by which such matters are conveyed away safely . He added , that , in accordance with Oriental practice , he had named his diamond by the fanciful title of “ The Eye of Morning . ” While Simon was relating this to me , I regarded the great diamond attentively . Never had I beheld anything so beautiful . All the glories of light , ever imagined or described , seemed to pulsate in its crystalline chambers . Its weight , as I learned from Simon , was exactly one hundred and forty carats . Here was an amazing coincidence . The hand of Destiny seemed in it . On the very evening when the spirit of Leeuwenhoek communicates to me the great secret of the microscope , the priceless means which he directs me to employ start up within my easy reach ! I determined , with the most perfect deliberation , to possess myself of Simon 's diamond . I sat opposite him while he nodded over his glass , and calmly revolved the whole affair . I did not for an instant contemplate so foolish an act as a common theft , which would of course be discovered , or at least necessitate flight and concealment , all of which must interfere with my scientific plans . There was but one step to be taken ,— to kill Simon . After all , what was the life of a hide peddling Jew , in comparison with the interests of science ? Human beings are taken every day from the condemned prisons to be experimented on by surgeons . This man , Simon , was by his own confession a criminal , a robber , and I believed on my soul a murderer . He deserved death quite as much as any felon condemned by the laws ; why should I not , like government , contrive that his punishment should contribute to the progress of human knowledge ? The means for accomplishing everything I desired lay within my reach . There stood upon the mantel-piece a bottle half full of French laudanum . Simon was so occupied with his diamond , which I had just restored to him , that it was an affair of no difficulty to drug his glass . In a quarter of an hour he was in a profound sleep . I now opened his waistcoat , took the diamond from the inner pocket in which he had placed it , and removed him to the bed , on which I laid him so that his feet hung down over the edge . I had possessed myself of the Malay creese , which I held in my right hand , while with the other I discovered as accurately as I could by pulsation the exact locality of the heart . It was essential that all the aspects of his death should lead to the surmise of self-murder . I calculated the exact angle at which it was probable that the weapon , if levelled by Simon 's own hand , would enter his breast ; then with one powerful blow I thrust it up to the hilt in the very spot which I desired to penetrate . A convulsive thrill ran through Simon 's limbs . I heard a smothered sound issue from his throat , precisely like the bursting of a large air-bubble , sent up by a diver , when it reaches the surface of the water ; he turned half round on his side , and as if to assist my plans more effectually , his right hand , moved by some more spasmodic impulse , clasped the handle of the creese , which it remained holding with extraordinary muscular tenacity . Beyond this there was no apparent struggle . The laudanum , I presume , paralyzed the usual nervous action . He must have died instantaneously . There was yet something to be done . To make it certain that all suspicion of the act should be diverted from any inhabitant of the house to Simon himself , it was necessary that the door should be found in the morning locked on the inside . How to do this , and afterwards escape myself ? Not by the window ; that was a physical impossibility . Besides , I was determined that the windows also should he found bolted . The solution was simple enough . I descended softly to my own room for a peculiar instrument which I had used for holding small slippery substances , such as minute spheres of glass , etc . This instrument was nothing more than a long slender hand-vice , with a very powerful grip , and a considerable leverage , which last was accidentally owing to the shape of the handle . Nothing was simpler than , when the key was in the lock , to seize the end of its stem in this vice , through the keyhole , from the outside , and so lock the door . Previously , however , to doing this , I burned a number of papers on Simon 's hearth . Suicides almost always burn papers before they destroy themselves . I also emptied some more laudanum into Simon 's glass ,— having first removed from it all traces of wine ,— cleaned the other wine-glass , and brought the bottles away with me . If traces of two persons drinking had been found in the room , the question naturally would have arisen , Who was the second ? Besides , the wine-bottles might have been identified as belonging to me . The laudanum I poured out to account for its presence in his stomach , in case of post-mortem examination . The theory naturally would be that he first intended to poison himself , but , after swallowing a little of the drug , was either disgusted with its taste , or changed his mind from other motives , and chose the dagger . These arrangements made , I walked out , leaving the gas burning , locked the door with my vice , and went to bed . Simon 's death was not discovered until nearly three in the afternoon . The servant , astonished at seeing the gas burning ,— the light streaming on the dark landing from under the door , peeped through the keyhole and saw Simon on the bed . She gave the alarm . The door was burst open , and the neighborhood was in a fever of excitement . Every one in the house was arrested , myself included . There was an inquest ; but no clue to his death , beyond that of suicide , could be obtained . Curiously enough , he had made several speeches to his friends the preceding week , that seemed to point to self-destruction . One gentleman swore that Simon had said in his presence that “ he was tired of life . ” His landlord affirmed , that Simon , when paying him his last month 's rent , remarked that “ he would not pay him rent much longer . ” All the other evidence corresponded , the door locked inside , the position of the corpse , the burnt papers . As I anticipated , no one knew of the possession of the diamond by Simon , so that no motive was suggested for his murder . The jury , after a prolonged examination , brought in the usual verdict , and the neighborhood once more settled down into its accustomed quiet . V . ANIMULA The three months succeeding Simon 's catastrophe I devoted night and day to my diamond lens . I had constructed a vast , galvanic battery , composed of nearly two thousand pairs of plates ,— a higher power I dared not use , lest the diamond should be calcined . By means of this enormous engine I was enabled to send a powerful current of electricity continually through my great diamond , which it seemed to me gained in lustre every day . At the expiration of a month I commenced the grinding and polishing of the lens , a work of intense toil and exquisite delicacy . The great density of the stone , and the care required to be taken with the curvatures of the surfaces of the lens , rendered the labor the severest and most harassing that I had yet undergone . At last the eventful moment came ; the lens was completed . I stood trembling on the threshold of new worlds . I had the realization of Alexander 's famous wish before me . The lens lay on the table , ready to be placed upon its platform , my hand fairly shook as I enveloped a drop of water with a thin coating of oil of turpentine , preparatory to its examination — a process necessary in order to prevent the rapid evaporation of the water . I now placed the drop on a thin slip of glass under the lens , and throwing upon it , by the combined aid of a prism and a mirror , a powerful stream of light , I approached my eye to the minute hole drilled through the axis of the lens . For an instant I saw nothing save what seemed to be an illuminated chaos , a vast luminous abyss . A pure white light , cloudless and serene , and seemingly limitless as space itself , was my first impression . Gently , and with the greatest care , I depressed the lens a few hairs ’ breadths . The wondrous illumination still continued , but as the lens approached the object , a scene of indescribable beauty was unfolded to my view . I seemed to gaze upon a vast space , the limits of which extended far beyond my vision . An atmosphere of magical luminousness permeated the entire field of view . I was amazed to see no trace of animalculous life . Not a living thing , apparently , inhabited that dazzling expanse . I comprehended instantly , that , by the wondrous power of my lens , I had penetrated beyond the grosser particles of aqueous matter , beyond the realms of Infusoria and Protozoa , down to the original gaseous globule , into whose luminous interior I was gazing , as into an almost boundless dome filled with a supernatural radiance . It was , however , no brilliant void into which I looked . On every side I beheld beautiful inorganic forms , of unknown texture , and colored with the most enchanting hues . These forms presented the appearance of what might be called , for want of a more specific definition , foliated clouds of the highest rarity ; that is , they undulated and broke into vegetable formations , and were tinged with splendors compared with which the gilding of our autumn woodlands is as dross compared with gold . Far away into the illimitable distance stretched long avenues of these gaseous forests , dimly transparent , and painted with prismatic hues of unimaginable brilliancy . The pendent branches waved along the fluid glades until every vista seemed to break through half-lucent ranks of many-colored drooping silken pennons . What seemed to be either fruits or flowers , pied with a thousand hues lustrous and ever varying , bubbled from the crowns of this fairy foliage . No hills , no lakes , no rivers , no forms animate or inanimate were to be seen , save those vast auroral copses that floated serenely in the luminous stillness , with leaves and fruits and flowers gleaming with unknown fires , unrealizable by mere imagination . How strange , I thought , that this sphere should be thus condemned to solitude ! I had hoped , at least , to discover some new form of animal life ,— perhaps of a lower class than any with which we are at present acquainted ,— but still , some living organism . I find my newly discovered world , if I may so speak , a beautiful chromatic desert . While I was speculating on the singular arrangements of the internal economy of Nature , with which she so frequently splinters into atoms our most compact theories , I thought I beheld a form moving slowly through the glades of one of the prismatic forests . I looked more at tentively , and found that I was not mistaken . Words cannot depict the anxiety with which I awaited the nearer approach of this mysterious object . Was it merely some inanimate substance , held in suspense in the attenuated atmosphere of the globule ? or was it an animal endowed with vitality and motion ? It approached , flitting behind the gauzy , colored veils of cloud-foliage , for seconds dimly revealed , then vanishing . At last the violet pennons that trailed nearest to me vibrated ; they were gently pushed aside , and the form floated out into the broad light . It was a female human shape . When I say “ human , ” I mean it possessed the outlines of humanity ,— but there the analogy ends . Its adorable beauty lifted it inimitable heights beyond the loveliest daughter of Adam . I cannot , I dare not , attempt to inventory the charms of this divine revelation of perfect beauty . Those eyes of mystic violet , dewy and serene , evade my words . Her long lustrous hair following her glorious head in a golden wake , like the track sown in heaven by a falling star , seems to quench my most burning phrases with its splendors . If all the bees of Hybla nestled upon my lips , they would still sing but hoarsely the wondrous harmonies of outline that enclosed her form . She swept out from between the rainbow-curtains of the cloud-trees into the broad sea of light that lay beyond . Her motions were those of some graceful Naiad , cleaving , by a mere effort of her will , the clear , unruffled waters that fill the chambers of the sea . She floated forth with the serene grace of a frail bubble ascending through the still atmosphere of a June day . The perfect roundness of her limbs formed suave and enchanting curves . It was like listening to the most spiritual symphony of Beethoven the divine , to watch the harmonious flow of lines . This , indeed , was a pleasure cheaply purchased at any price . What cared I , if I had waded to the portal of this wonder through another 's blood ? I would have given my own to enjoy one such moment of intoxication and delight . Breathless with gazing on this lovely wonder , and forgetful for an instant of everything save her presence , I withdrew my eye from the microscope eagerly ,— alas ! As my gaze fell on the thin slide that lay beneath my instrument , the bright light from mirror and from prism sparkled on a colorless drop of water ! There , in that tiny bead of dew , this beautiful being was forever imprisoned . The planet Neptune was not more distant from me than she . I hastened once more to apply my eye to the microscope . Animula ( let me now call her by that dear name which I subsequently bestowed on her ) had changed her position . She had again approached the wondrous forest , and was gazing earnestly upwards . Presently one of the trees — as I must call them — unfolded a long ciliary process , with which it seized one of the gleaming fruits that glittered on its summit , and sweeping slowly down , held it within reach of Animula . The sylph took it in her delicate hand , and began to eat . My attention was so entirely absorbed by her , that I could not apply myself to the task of determining whether this singular plant was or was not instinct with volition . I watched her , as she made her repast , with the most profound attention . The suppleness of her motions sent a thrill of delight through my frame ; my heart beat madly as she turned her beautiful eyes in the direction of the spot in which I stood . What would I not have given to have had the power to precipitate myself into that luminous ocean , and float with her through those groves of purple and gold ! While I was thus breathlessly following her every movement , she suddenly started , seemed to listen for a moment , and then cleaving the brilliant ether in which she was floating , like a flash of light , pierced through the opaline forest , and disappeared . Instantly a series of the most singular sensations attacked me . It seemed as if I had suddenly gone blind . The luminous sphere was still before me , but my daylight had vanished . What caused this sudden disappearance ? Had she a lover , or a husband ? Yes , that was the solution ! Some signal from a happy fellow-being had vibrated through the avenues of the forest , and she had obeyed the summons . The agony of my sensations , as I arrived at this conclusion , startled me . I tried to reject the conviction that my reason forced upon me . I battled against the fatal conclusion — but in vain . It was so . I had no escape from it . I loved an animalcule ! It is true , that , thanks to the marvellous power of my microscope , she appeared of human proportions . Instead of presenting the revolting aspect of the coarser creatures , that live and struggle and die , in the more easily resolvable portions of the water-drop , she was fair and delicate and of surpassing beauty . But of what account was all that ? Every time that my eye was withdrawn from the instrument , it fell on a miserable drop of water , within which , I must be content to know , dwelt all that could make my life lovely . Could she but see me once ! Could I for one moment pierce the mystical walls that so inexorably rose to separate us , and whisper all that filled my soul , I might consent to be satisfied for the rest of my life with the knowledge of her remote sympathy . It would be something to have established even the faintest personal link to bind us together — to know that at times , when roaming through those enchanted glades , she might think of the wonderful stranger , who had broken the monotony of her life with his presence , and left a gentle memory in her heart ! But it could not be . No invention , of which human intellect was capable , could break down the barriers that Nature had erected . I might feast my soul upon her wondrous beauty , yet she must always remain ignorant of the adoring eyes that day and night gazed upon her , and , even when closed , beheld her in dreams . With a bitter cry of anguish I fled from the room , and , flinging myself on my bed , sobbed myself to sleep like a child . VI . THE SPILLING OF THE CUP . I arose the next morning almost at daybreak , and rushed to my microscope . I trembled as I sought the luminous world in miniature that contained my all . Animula was there . I had left the gas-lamp , surrounded by its moderator 's , burning , when I went to bed the night before . I found the sylph bathing , as it were , with an expression of pleasure animating her features , in the brilliant light which surrounded her . She tossed her lustrous golden hair over her shoulders with innocent coquetry . She lay at full length in the transparent medium , in which she supported herself with ease , and gambolled with the enchanting grace that the Nymph Salmacis might have exhibited when she sought to conquer the modest Hermaphroditus . I tried an experiment to satisfy myself if her powers of reflection were developed . I lessened the lamp-light considerably . By the dim light that remained , I could see an expression of pain flit across her face . She looked upward suddenly , and her brows contracted . I flooded the stage of the microscope again with a full stream of light , and her whole expression changed . She sprang forward like some substance deprived of all weight . Her eyes sparkled , and her lips moved . Ah ! if science had only the means of conducting and reduplicating sounds , as it does the rays of light , what carols of happiness would then have entranced my ears ! What jubilant hymns to Adona ï s would have thrilled the illumined air ! I now comprehended how it was that the Count de Gabalis peopled his mystic world with sylphs ,— beautiful beings whose breath of life was lambent fire , and who sported forever in regions of purest ether and purest light . The Rosicrucian had anticipated the wonder that I had practically realized . How long this worship of my strange divinity went on thus I scarcely know . I lost all note of time . All day from early dawn , and far into the night , I was to be found peering through that wonderful lens . I saw no one , went nowhere , and scarce allowed myself sufficient time for my meals . My whole life was absorbed in contemplation as rapt as that of any of the Romish saints . Every hour that I gazed upon the divine form strengthened my passion ,— a passion that was always overshadowed by the maddening conviction , that , although I could gaze on her at will , she never , never could behold me ! At length I grew so pale and emaciated , from want of rest , and continual brooding over my insane love and its cruel conditions , that I determined to make some effort to wean myself from it . “ Come , ” I said , “ this is at best but a fantasy . Your imagination has bestowed on Animula charms which in reality she does not possess . Seclusion from female society has produced this morbid condition of mind . Compare her with the beautiful women of your own world , and this false enchantment will vanish . ” I looked over the newspapers by chance . There I beheld the advertisement of a celebrated danseuse who appeared nightly at Niblo 's . The Signorina Caradolce had the reputation of being the most beautiful as well as the most graceful woman in the world . I instantly dressed and went to the theatre . The curtain drew up . The usual semi-circle of fairies in white muslin were standing on the right toe around the enamelled flower-bank , of green canvas , on which the belated prince was sleeping . Suddenly a flute is heard . The fairies start . The trees open , the fairies all stand on the left toe , and the queen enters . It was the Signorina . She bounded forward amid thunders of applause , and lighting on one foot remained poised in air . Heavens ! was this the great enchantress that had drawn monarchs at her chariot-wheels ? Those heavy muscular limbs , those thick ankles , those cavernous eyes , that stereotyped smile , those crudely painted checks ! Where were the vermeil blooms , the liquid expressive eyes , the harmonious limbs of Animula ? The Signorina danced . What gross , discordant movements ! The play of her limbs was all false and artificial . Her bounds were painful athletic efforts ; her poses were angular and distressed the eye . I could bear it no longer ; with an exclamation of disgust that drew every eye upon me , I rose from my seat in the very middle of the Signorina 's pas-de-fascination and abruptly quitted the house . I hastened home to feast my eyes once more on the lovely form of my sylph . I felt that henceforth to combat this passion would be impossible . I applied my eye to the lens . Aninula was there ,— but what could have happened ? Some terrible change seemed to have taken place during my absence . Some secret grief seemed to cloud the lovely features of her I gazed upon . Her face had grown thin and haggard ; her limbs trailed heavily ; the wondrous lustre of her golden hair had faded . She was ill !— ill , and I could not assist her ! I believe at that moment I would have gladly forfeited all claims to my human birthright , if I could only have been dwarfed to the size of an animalcule , and permitted to console her from whom fate had forever divided me . I racked my brain for the solution of this mystery . What was it that afflicted the sylph ? She seemed to suffer intense pain . Her features contracted , and she even writhed , as if with some internal agony . The wondrous forests appeared also to have lost half their beauty . Their hues were dim and in some places faded away altogether . I watched Animula for hours with a breaking heart , and she seemed absolutely to wither away under my very eye . Suddenly I remembered that I had not looked at the water-drop for several days . In fact , I hated to see it ; for it reminded me of the natural barrier between Animula and myself . I hurriedly looked down on the stage of the microscope . The slide was still there ,— but , great heavens ! the water-drop had vanished ! The awful truth burst upon me ; it had evaporated , until it had become so minute as to be invisible to the naked eye ; I had been gazing on its last atom , the one that contained Animula ,— and she was dying ! I rushed again to the front of the lens , and looked through . Alas ! the last agony had seized her . The rainbow-hued forests had all melted away , and Animula lay struggling feebly in what seemed to be a spot of dim light . Ah ! the sight was horrible : the limbs once so round and lovely shrivelling up into nothings ; the eyes — those eyes that shone like heaven — being quenched into black dust ; the lustrous golden hair now lank and discolored . The last throe came . I beheld that final struggle of the blackening form — and I fainted . When I awoke out of a trance of many hours , I found myself lying amid the wreck of my instrument , myself as shattered in mind and body as it . I crawled feebly to my bed , from which I did not rise for months . They say now that I am mad ; but they are mistaken . I am poor , for I have neither the heart nor the will to work ; all my money is spent , and I live on charity . Young men 's associations that love a joke invite me to lecture on Optics before them , for which they pay me , and laugh at me while I lecture . “ Linley , the mad microscopist , ” is the name I go by . I suppose that I talk incoherently while I lecture . Who could talk sense when his brain is haunted by such ghastly memories , while ever and anon among the shapes of death I behold the radiant form of my lost Animula ! THE SCULPTOR 'S FUNERAL . Amid the aisle , apart , there stood A mourner like the rest ; And while the solemn rites were said , He fashioned into verse his mood , That would not be repressed . Why did they bring him home , Bright jewel set in lead ? Oh , bear the sculptor back to Rome , And lay him with the mighty dead ,— With Adonais , and the rest Of all the young and good and fair , That drew the milk of English breast , And their last sigh in Latian air ! Lay him with Raphael , unto whom Was granted Rome 's most lasting tomb ; For many a lustre , many an aeon , He might sleep well in the Panth é on , Deep in the sacred city 's womb , The smoke and splendor and the stir of Rome . Lay him ‘ neath Diocletian 's dome , Blessed Saint Mary of the Angels , Near to that house in which he dwelt ,— House that to many seemed a home , So much with him they loved and felt . We were his guests a hundred times ; We loved him for his genial ways ; He gave me credit for my rhymes , And made me blush with praise . Ah ! there be many histories That no historian writes , And friendship hath its mysteries And consecrated nights ; Amid the busy days of pain , Wear of hand , and tear of brain , Weary midnight , weary morn , Years of struggle paid with scorn ;— Yet oft amid all this despair , Long rambles in the Autumn days O'er Appian or Flaminian Ways , Bright moments snatched from care , When loose as buffaloes on the wild Campagna We roved and dined on crust and curds , Olives , thin wine , and thinner birds , And woke the echoes of divine Romagna ; And then returning late , After long knocking at the Lateran gate , Suppers and nights of gods ; and then Mornings that made us new-born men ; Rare nights at the Minerva tavern , With Orvieto from the Cardinal 's cavern ; Free nights , but fearless and without reproof ,— For Bayard 's word ruled Beppo 's roof . O Rome ! what memories awake , When Crawford 's name is said , Of days and friends for whose dear sake That path of Hades unto me Will have no more of dread Than his own Orpheus felt , seeking Eurydice ! O Crawford ! husband , father , brother Are in that name , that little word ! Let me no more my sorrow smother ; Grief stirs me , and I must be stirred . O Death , thou teacher true and rough ! Full oft I fear that we have erred , And have not loved enough ; But oh , ye friends , this side of Acheron , Who cling to me to-day , I shall not know my love till ye are gone And I am gray ! Fair women with your loving eyes , Old men that once my footsteps led , Sweet children ,— much as all I prize , Until the sacred dust of death be shed Upon each dear and venerable head , I cannot love you as I love the dead ! But now , the natural man being sown , We can more lucidly behold The spiritual one ; For we , till time shall end , Full visibly shall see our friend In all his hand did mould ,— That worn and patient hand that lies so cold ! When on some blessed studious day To my loved Library I wend my way , Amid the forms that give the Gallery grace His thought in that pale poet I shall trace ,— Keen Orpheus with his eyes Fixed deep in ruddy hell , Seeking amid those lurid skies The wife he loved so well ,— And feel that still therein I see All that was in my Master 's thought , And , in that constant hand wherewith he wrought , The eternal type of constancy . Thou marble husband ! might there be More of flesh and blood like thee ! Or if , in Music 's festive hall , I come to cheat me of my care , Amid the swell , the dying fall , His genius greets me there . O man of bronze ! thy solemn air — Best soother of a troubled brain — Floods me with memories , and again As thou stand'st visibly to men , Beloved musician ! so once more Crawford comes back that did thy form restore . Well ,— requiescat ! let him pass ! Good mourners , go your several ways ! He needs no further rite , nor mass , Nor eulogy , who best could praise Himself in marble and in brass ; Yet his best monument did raise , Not in those perishable things That men eternal deem ,— The pride of palaces and kings ,— But in such works as must avail him there , With Him who , from the extreme Love that was in his breast , Said , “ Come , all ye that heavy burdens bear , And I will give you rest ! ” THE PRESIDENT 'S MESSAGE . As a mere literary production , the Message of Mr. Buchanan is so superior to any of the Messages of his immediate predecessor , that the reader naturally expects to find in it a corresponding superiority of sentiment and aim . When we meet a man who is well-dressed , and whose external demeanor is that of a gentleman , we are prone to infer that he is also a man of upright principles and honorable feelings . But we are very often mistaken in this inference ; the nice garment proves to be little better than a nice disguise ; and the robe of respectability may cover the heart of a very scurvy fellow . Mr. Buchanan 's sentences run smoothly enough ; they are for the most part grammatical ; the tone throughout is sedate , if not dignified ; and the general spirit unambitious and moderate . But the doctrine , in our estimation , is , on the most essential point , atrocious , and the objects which are sought to be compassed are unworthy of the man , the office , the country , and the age . We refer , of course , to what is said of the one vital question with us now , the question of Slavery in Kansas ; but before proceeding to a discussion of that , let us say a word or two of other parts of this important document . The President introduces , as the first of his topics , the prevailing money pressure , which he treats at considerable length , with some degree of truth , but without originality or comprehensiveness of view . He profiles to inquire into the causes of the unfortunate disasters of trade , and into the remedies which may be devised against their recurrence ; but on neither head is he remarkably profound or instructive . It is merely reiterating the commonplaces of the newspapers , to talk about “ the excessive loans and issues of the banks , ” and to ring changes of phraseology on the vices of speculation , over-trading , and stock-jobbing . All the world is as familiar with all that as the President can be , and scarcely needed a reminder on either score ; what we wanted of the head of the nation ,— what a real statesman , who understood his subject , would have given us ,— that is , if he had pretended to go at all beyond the simple statement of the fact of commercial revulsion , into a discussion of it ,— was a comprehensive and philosophic analysis of all the causes of the phenomenon , a calm and careful review of all its circumstances , and a rigid deduction of broad general principles from an adequate study of the entire case . But this the President has not furnished . In connecting our commercial derangements with the disorders of the banking system he has unquestionably struck upon a great and fundamental truth ; but it is merely a single truth , and he strikes it in rather a vague and random way . In considering these reverses , there are many things to be taken into account besides the constitution and customs , whether good or bad , of our American banks ,— many things which do not even confine themselves to this continent , but are spread over the greater part of the civilized world . Mr. Buchanan is still lamer in his suggestion of remedies than he is in his inquiry after causes . The Federal Government , he thinks , can do little or nothing in the premises ,— a fatal admission at the outset ,— and we are coolly turned over to the most unsubstantial and impracticable of all reliances , “ the wisdom and patriotism of the State legislatures ” ! Why cannot the Federal Government do anything in the premises ? The President tells us that the Constitution has conferred upon Congress the exclusive right “ to coin money and regulate the value thereof , ” and that it has prohibited the States from “ issuing bills of credit , ” — which phrase , if it mean anything , means making paper-money ; and the inference would seem to be inevitable that Congress has a sovereign authority and power over the whole matter . It may , moreover , touch the circulation of bills , by means of its indisputable right to lay a stamp-tax upon paper ; and Mr. Gallatin long ago recommended the exercise of this power , as an effectual method of restraining the emission of small notes . Upon what principle , then , can the President assert so dictatorially as he does , that the Federal Government is concluded from action ? If the excesses of the State Banks are so enormous as he represents , and so perpetually and so widely disastrous , why should it not interpose to avert the fearful evil ? Why refer us for relief to the proceedings of thirty-one different legislative bodies , no three of which , probably , would agree upon any coherent system ? We do not ourselves say that Congress ought to interfere and undertake by main force to regulate the currency , because we hold to other and , as we think , better methods of arriving at a sound and stable currency ; but from the stand-point of the President , and with his views of the efficiency of legislative restrictions upon banks , we do not see how he could consistently avoid recommending the instant action of Congress . On the heel of his grandiloquent description of the evils of redundant paper money ,— evils which are felt all over the country ,— it is a lamentably impotent conclusion to say , “ After all , we can n't do much to help it ! Yes , let us confide piously in ‘ the wisdom and patriotism of the State legislatures , ’ ” — which are almost the last places in the world , as things go , where we should look for either quality . Not being able to do anything himself , however , what does he urge upon the wise and patriotic State legislatures ? Why , a series of flimsy restrictions , which would have about as much effect in preventing the tremendous abuses of banking which he himself depicts , as a bit of filigree iron-work would have in restraining the expansion of steam . Restrictions ! restrictions ! toujours restrictions !— as if that method of correcting the evil had not been utterly exploded by nearly two centuries of experience ! Mr. Buchanan calls himself a Democrat ; he is loud in his protestations of respect for the sagacity , the good-sense , and the virtue of the people ; his political school takes for its motto the well-known adage , “ That government is best which governs least ” ; his party , if he does not , purports to be a great advocate of the emancipation of trade from all the old-fashioned restraints which take the names of protections , tariffs , bounties , etc . etc . ; and we wonder how it is , that , in his presumed excursions over the entire domain of free-trade , he should have got no inkling of a thought as to the benefits of free-trade in banking . We wonder that so great a subject could be dismissed with the suggestion of a few petty restraints . “ If the State legislatures , ” remarks the President , summing up his entire thought , “ afford us a real specie basis for our circulation , by increasing the denomination of bank-notes , first to twenty , and afterwards to fifty dollars ; if they will require that the banks shall at all times keep on hand at least one dollar of gold and silver for every three dollars of their circulation and deposits ; and if they will provide , by a self-executing enactment , which nothing can arrest , that the moment they suspend they shall go into liquidation ; I believe that such provisions , with a weekly publication by each bank of a statement of its condition , would go far to secure us against future suspensions of specie payments . ” Singular blindness ! Mr. Buchanan lived for several years , as American ambassador , in England . It is to be presumed that while there he used his eyes , and possibly his brains . He must have noticed occasionally , at least , in his walks through “ the city , ” the immense marble structure in Threadneedle Street , known as the Bank of England . It is certain that he has read the history of that bank , inasmuch as it is twice or thrice alluded to in his Message ; he cannot be ignorant , therefore , that the “ circulation ” of England has essentially “ a specie basis ” ; that no bank-notes are issued there for less than the amount of twenty-five dollars ; that the banks at all times keep on hand “ one dollar of gold for every three dollars of their circulation and deposits ” ; and that the laws of bankruptcy are alike rigid in regard to institutions and individuals . These are precisely the provisions which he commends to the adoption of wise and patriotic State legislatures as an admirable corrective for suspensions ; yet he forgets to explain to us how it happens that the Bank of England , to which they are all applied , has virtually suspended payment six times in the course of its existence , having been saved from open dishonor only by the timely assistance of the government ,— while the trade of England , in spite of the staid and conservative habits of the people , is quite as liable to those terrific tarantula-dances , called revulsions , as our own . Before urging his “ restraints , ” the President ought to have inquired a little into the history of such restraints ; and he would then have saved himself from the absurdity of patronizing remedies which an actual trial had proved ludicrously inapt and inefficacious . With regard to the second topic of the Message ,— our foreign relations ,— it may be said that the positions assumed are frank , manly , and explicit ; unless we have reason to suspect , in the slightly belligerent attitude towards Spain , a return , on the part of the President , to one of his old and unlawful loves ,— the acquisition of Cuba . In that case , we should deplore his language , and be inclined to doubt also the sincerity of his just denunciations of Walker 's infamous schemes of piracy and brigandage . Until events , however , have developed the signs of a sinister policy of this sort , we must bestow an earnest plaudit upon his decided rebuke of the filibusters , coupling that praise with a wish that the “ vigilance ” of his subordinates may hereafter prove of a more wide-awake and energetic kind than has yet been manifested . But for the terms in which the President has disposed of his third topic ,— the Kansas difficulty ,— we can scarcely characterize their disingenuousness and meanings . We have already spoken of the object of this part of the document as atrocious ,— and we repeat the word , as the most befitting that could be used . That object is nothing less than an attempt to cover the enormous frauds which have marked the proceedings of the Pro-Slavery agents in Kansas , from their initiation , with a varnish of smooth and plausible pretexts . Adroitly taking up the question at the point which it had reached when his own administration began , he leaves out of view all the antecedent crimes , treacheries , and tricks by which the people of the Territory had been led into civil war , and thus assumes that the late Lecompton Convention was a legitimate Convention , and that the Constitution framed by it ( or said to have been framed by it ,— for there is no official report of the instrument as yet ) was framed in pursuance of proper authority or law . He does not tell us that the Territorial legislature which called this Convention was a usurping legislature , brought together , as the Congressional records show , by an invading horde from a neighboring State ; he does not tell us , that , even if it had been a properly constituted body in itself , it had no right to call a Convention for the purpose of superseding the Territorial organization ; he does not tell us that the Convention , as assembled , represented but one-tenth of the legal voters of the Territory ; nor does he seem to regard the fact , that the other nine-tenths of the people were virtually disfranchised by that Convention , so far as their right to determine the provisions of their organic law is concerned , as at all a vital and important fact . By a miserable juggle , worthy of the frequenters of the gambling-house or the race-course , the people of Kansas have been nominally allowed to decide the question of Slavery , and that permission , according to Mr. Buchanan , fulfils and completes all that he ever meant , or his associates ever meant , by the promise of popular sovereignty ! Now this may be all that the President and his party ever meant by that phrase , but it is not all that their words expressed or the country expected . In the course of the last three or four years , and by a series of high-handed measures , the established principles of the Federal Government , in regard to its management of the Territories ,— principles sanctioned by every administration from Washington 's down to Fillmore 's ,— have been overruled for the sake of a new doctrine , which goes by the name of Popular Sovereignty . The most sacred and binding compacts of former years were annulled to make way for it ; and the judicial department of the government was violently hauled from its sacred retreat , into the political arena , to give a gratuitous coup-de-grace to the old opinions and the apparent sanction of law to the new dogma , so that Popular Sovereignty might reign triumphant in the Territories . At the convention of the party which nominated Mr. Buchanan as a candidate for his present office ,— “ a celebrated occasion , ” as he calls it ,— the members affirmed in the most emphatic manner the right of the people of all the Territories , including Kansas , to form their own Constitutions as they pleased , under the single condition that it should be republican . Mr. Buchanan reiterated that assertion in his Inaugural address , and in subsequent communications . When he appointed Mr. Robert J. Walker Governor of the Territory , he instructed him to assure the people that they should be guarantied against all “ fraud or violence ” when they should be called upon “ to vote for or against the Constitution which would be submitted to them , ” so that there might be “ a fair expression of the popular will . ” Nothing , in short , could have been clearer , more direct , more frequently repeated , than the asseverations of the “ Democratic Party , ” made through its official representatives , its newspapers , and its orators ,— to the effect , that its only object , in its Kansas policy , was to secure “ the great principle of Popular Sovereignty . ” On the strength of these assurances alone , it was enabled to achieve its hard-won victory in the last Presidential campaign . Mr. Buchanan owes his position to them , as is repeatedly admitted by Mr. Douglas in his speech of December 9th last ,— and the whole nation , having discussed and battled and voted on the principle , acquiesced , as it is accustomed to do after an election , in the ascendency of the victors . It prepared itself to see the application of the principle which had been announced and defended as so important and wise . Under these pledges and promises , what has been the performance ? A Convention , for which , inasmuch as it was illegally called by an illegal body , a large proportion of the citizens of Kansas refused to vote , frames a Constitution , in the interest and according to the convictions of the slenderest minority of the people ; it incorporates in that Constitution a recognition of old Territorial laws to the last degree offensive to the majority of the people ; it incorporates in it a clause establishing slavery in perpetuity ; it connects with it a Schedule perpetuating the existing slavery , whatever it may be , against all future remedy which has not the sanction of the slave-master ; and then , by a miserable chicane , it submits the Constitution to a vote of the people , but it submits it under such terms , that the people , if they vote at all , must vote for it , whether they like it or not , while the only part in which they can exercise any choice is the clause which relates to future slavery . The other parts , especially the Schedule , which recognizes the existing slavery , and that almost irremediably , the people are not allowed to pronounce upon . They are not allowed to pronounce upon the thousand-and-one details of the State organization ; they are fobbed off with a transparent cheat of “ heads I win ,— tails you lose ” ;— and the whole game is denominated , Popular Sovereignty . What is worse , the President of the United States argues that this would be a fair settlement of the question , and that in the exercise of such a choice , the glorious doctrine of Popular Sovereignty is amply applied and vindicated . He admits that “ the correct principle , ” as in the case of Minnesota , is to refer the Constitution “ to the approval and ratification of the people ” ; he admits that the only mode in which the will of the people can be “ authentically ascertained is by a direct vote ” ; he admits that the “ friends and supporters of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , when struggling to sustain its provisions before the great tribunal of the American people , ” “ everywhere , throughout the Union , publicly pledged their faith and honor ” to submit the question of their domestic institutions “ to the decision of the bon â - fide people of Kansas , without any qualification or restriction whatever ” ; but then ,— and here is the subterfuge ,— “ domestic institutions ” means only the single institution of slavery ; and the Convention , in consenting to yield that ( and this only in appearance ) to the arbitrament of the people , has fully satisfied all the demands of the principle of Popular Sovereignty ! Their other questions are all “ political ” ; the questions as to the organization of their executive , legislative , and judicial departments , as to their elective franchise , their distribution of districts , their banks , their rates and modes of taxation , etc ., etc ., are not domestic questions , but political ; and provided the people are suffered to vote on the future ( not the existing ) condition of slaves , faith has been sufficiently kept . Popular Sovereignty means “ pertaining to negroes , ” — not the negroes already in the Territory , but those who may be hereafter introduced ; for the monopoly of that branch of trade and merchandise , which is already established , and the future growth and increase of it , must not be interfered with , even by Popular Sovereignty , because that would be “ an act of gross injustice . ” In other words , Popular Sovereignty is merely designed to cover the right of the people to vote on a single question , specially presented by an illegal body , under electoral arrangements made by its new officers ,— which officers not only receive , but count the votes , and make the returns ,— while all the rest is merely unimportant and trivial . It is just the sort of sovereignty for which Louis Napoleon provided when he wished to procure a popular sanction for the numberless atrocities of the coup-d 'é tat of the 2d December . An old authority tells us that “ it is hard to kick against the pricks ” ; and the President appears to have experienced the difficulty , in kicking against the pricks of his conscience . He had committed himself to a principle which he is now compelled by the policy of his Southern masters to evade , and is painfully embarrassed as to how he shall hide his tracks . He knows , as all the world knows , that this jugglery in Kansas has been performed for no other purpose than to secure a foothold for Slavery there , against the demonstrated opinion of nine-tenths of the people ; he knows , as all the world knows , that if the Convention had had the least desire to arrive at a fair expression of the popular will , on the question of Slavery or any other question , it was easy to make a candid and honorable submission of it to an election to be held honestly under the recognized officers of the Territory ; but he knows , also , that under such circumstances the case would have been carried overwhelmingly against the “ domestic institution , ” and thus have rebuked , with all the emphasis that an outraged community could give to the expression of its will , the nefarious conduct which “ the party ” has pursued from the beginning ,— and this was a consummation not to be wished . He therefore wriggles and shuffles , with an absurd and transparent inconsistency , to defeat the popular will , and yet mouth it bravely about “ the great principle of Popular Sovereignty . ” The President thinks that it is time that these troubles in Kansas were at an end , and we cordially agree with him in the sentiment ; but he needs scarcely to be reminded that they never will be at an end , until the wicked schemes , which have been so long persisted in , to override the convictions and hopes and interests of a large majority of the Kansas settlers , are utterly abandoned by those who are in power . Of the remaining and mostly routine topics of the Message we have no occasion to speak ; and we only regret that the deficiencies of the most important parts are so glaring as to oblige us to treat them with undisguised severity . THE WEDDING VEIL . Dear Anna , when I brought her veil , Her white veil , on her wedding-night , Threw o'er my thin brown hair its folds , And , laughing , turned me to the light . “ See , Bessie , see ! you wear for once The bridal veil , forsworn for years ! ” She saw my face ,— her laugh was hushed , Her happy eyes were filled with tears . With kindly haste and trembling hand She drew away the gauzy mist ; “ Forgive , dear heart ! ” — her sweet voice said ; Her loving lips my forehead kissed . We passed from out the searching light ; The summer night was calm and fair : I did not see her pitying eyes , I felt her soft hand smooth my hair . Her tender love unlocked my heart ; ‘ Mid falling tears , at last I said , “ Forsworn indeed to me that veil , Because I only love the dead ! ” She stood one moment statue-still , And , musing , spake in under-tone , “ The living love may colder grow ; The dead is safe with God alone ! ” LITERARY NOTICES . The Spanish Conquest in America , and its Relation to the History of Slavery and to the Government of Colonies . By ARTHUR HELPS . Vols . I. and II . London , 1855 . Vol . III . London , 1857 . This work has a double claim to attention in America ;— first , on account of its great intrinsic merit as a narrative of the beginnings of the European settlement of this continent ; secondly , as containing a thorough and exceedingly able account of the planting of Slavery in America , and the origin of that system which has been and is the great blight of the civilization of the New World . Mr . Helps is endowed in large measure with the qualities of an historian of the highest order . A clear and comprehensive vision , a wide knowledge and careful study of human nature , free and generous sympathies are united in him with a penetrative imagination which vivifies the life of past times , with a reverence for truth which excludes prejudice and prepossession , and with a profoundly religious spirit . The tone of his thought is manly and vigorous , and his style , with the beauty of which the readers of his essays have long been familiar , is marked by quiet grace and unpretending strength . There are many passages in these volumes of wise reflection and of pleasant humor . In the drawing of character and in the narration of events Mr . Helps is equally happy . The pages of his book are full of lifelike portraits of the great soldiers and great priests of the time , and of animated pictures of the scenes in which they were engaged . Mr . Helps has investigated his subject with zeal , industry , and patience . He has sought out the original authorities , has brought to light many important facts , has redeemed some great memories from unjust oblivion , and has presented a new view of several of the chief features of the history . In a graceful advertisement to the third volume he says , “ The reader will observe that there is scarcely any allusion in this work to the kindred works of modern writers on the same subject . This is not from any want of respect for the able historians who have written upon the discovery or the conquest of America . I felt , however , from the first , that my object in investigating this portion of history was different from theirs ; and I wished to keep my mind clear from the influence which these eminent persons might have exercised upon it . ” A considerable space in these volumes is devoted to an investigation of the character and condition of the native races of the continent at the period of the Spanish Conquest . This subject is treated with peculiar skill and learning , and with unusual power of sympathetic analysis and appreciation of remote and obscure developments of society . Another portion of the history , which his plan has led Mr . Helps to treat at length and with exhaustive thoroughness , is the early relations between the conquerors and the conquered , embracing the method of settlement of the different countries , the whole disastrous system of ripartimientos and encomiendas , which , in its full development , led to the destruction of the native population of Hispaniola , and to the introduction of negroes into this and the other West India islands to supply the demand for laborers . Another most interesting portion of his subject , and one which has never till now been fairly exhibited , relates to the labors of the Dominican and Franciscan monks , and their admirable and unwearied efforts to counteract and to remedy some of the bitterest evils of the conquest . Theirs were the first protests that were raised against slavery in America , and their ranks afforded the first martyrs in the cause of the Indian and the Negro . Las Casas has found an eloquent and just biographer , and Mr . Helps has the satisfaction of having securely placed his name among the few that deserve the lasting honor and remembrance of the world . The narrative of Las Casas 's life is one of strong dramatic interest . His life was a varied and remarkable one , even for those times of striking contrasts and varieties in the fortunes of men ; and in Mr . Helps 's pages one sees the man himself , with his simplicity and elevation of purpose , his honesty of motive , his energy , his impetuosity , his courage , and his faith . The three volumes already published embrace the progress of Spanish conquest from the first discoveries of Columbus to Pizarro 's incursion into Peru . It is sincerely to be hoped that Mr . Helps may continue his work , at least to the period when the Spanish conquest and colonization were met and limited by the conquest and the colonization of the other European nations . Its importance , as a wise , thoughtful , unpolemic investigation of the origin and the results of Slavery , is hardly to be overestimated . The space allowed to a critical notice does not permit us to render it full justice . We can do little more than recommend it warmly to the readers of history and to the students of the most difficult and the darkest social problem of the age . Handbook of Railroad Construction , for the Use of American Engineers . Containing the Necessary Rules , Tables , and Formulae for the Location , Construction , Equipment , and Management of Railroads , as built in the United States . With 158 Illustrations . By GEORGE L. VOSE , Civil Engineer . Boston : James Munroe & Co. 1857 . 12 mo . pp . 480 . All who trust their persons to railroad cars , or their estates to railroad stocks , will welcome every effort to enlighten that irresponsible body of railroad builders and managers in whose wits we put our faith . The work which we here notice is intended for uneducated American engineers , of whom there are unfortunately too many . The rapidity with which our railroads have been built , and the experimental character of this new branch of engineering , have obliged us to resort to such native ability and mother wit as our people could afford . The great body of our railroad engineers have had no training but the experience they have blundered through ; and even our railroad financiers are men more distinguished for courage and energy than for experimental skill . Mr. Vose 's book will doubtless be of great service in remedying these evils , by bringing within the reach of every intelligent man a valuable and very carefully prepared summary of such rules , formulas , and statistics as our railroad experiences have furnished and proved . Railroad engineering and management have united almost every branch of mechanical and financial science , and have developed several new and peculiar arts ; so that the successful construction , equipment , and management of a railroad require a rare combination of accomplishments . Managers hitherto have been too little acquainted with their business to settle many questions of economy , but they are now beginning to look upon their enterprises with cooler judgments . The “ Handbook ” discusses several questions of economy , but seeks , especially in its rules and formulas , to avoid those risks by which economy has often been turned into the most ruinous extravagance . On the question of fuel , our author advocates the use of coke as the most economical and convenient , and every way preferable where it can be readily obtained . He also urges , on economical grounds , a more moderate rate of speed in railroad travel ; thus showing that we may save our forests , our lives , and a considerable expense all at the same time . The style is clear , and , for a work not professing to be a complete treatise , but only a manual of useful facts , the arrangement is admirable . The book is thoroughly practical , and touches upon such matters , and for the most part upon such matters only , as are likely to be of service to the practical man ; yet it is quite elementary in its character , and free from unnecessary technicalities . The book has , however , one great fault . It is full of errata . No carefully prepared table of corrections can make amends for such a fault in a book in which typographical correctness is of the greatest importance . To insert in their places with a pen more than two hundred published corrections is a labor which no reader would willingly undertake . We hope , therefore , that a new and correct edition will soon be published . The Life of Handel . By VICTOR SCHOELCHER . Reprinted from the London Edition . New York : Mason , Brothers . It is a remarkable fact , and one not very creditable to the musical public of England , that the works of Mainwaring , Hawkins , Barney , and Coxe should remain for almost an entire century after the death of Handel our main sources of information concerning his career , and that the first attempt to write a complete biography of that great composer , correcting the errors , reconciling the contradictions , and supplying the deficiencies of those authors , should be from the pen of a French exile . And yet during all this time materials have been accumulating , the fame of the composer has been extending , the demand for such a work increasing , and the number of intelligent and elegant English writers upon music growing greater . M. Schoelcher 's work , though perhaps the most valuable contribution to musical historical literature which has for many years appeared from the English press , leaves much to be desired . Excepting a correction of the chronology of Handel 's visit to Italy , very little , if anything , of importance is added to what we already possessed in regard to the early history of the composer . We look in vain for the means of tracing the development of his genius . The impression left upon the mind of the reader is , that his powers showed themselves suddenly in full splendor , and that at a single bound he placed himself at the head of the dramatic composers of his age . This was not true of Hasse , Mozart , Gluck , Cherubini , Weber , in dramatic composition ; nor of Bach , Haydn , Beethoven , in other branches of the musical art . However great a man 's genius may be , he must live and learn . To attain the highest excellence , long continued study is necessary ; and Handel , as we believe , was no exception to the general law . The list of works consulted by M. Schoelcher , prefixed to the biography , shows that he has by no means exhausted the German authorities which may be profitably used in writing upon the early history of Handel : indeed , the author , though of German descent , is unacquainted with the German language . We can learn from them the state of dramatic music at that time in Berlin , Leipsic , Brunswick , Hanover , K ö then ; we can form from them some correct idea of the powers of Keiser , Steffani , Graupner , Schieferdecker , Telemann , Gr ü nwald , and others , then in possession of the lyric stage ; we can thus estimate the influences which led Handel from the path that Bach so successfully followed , into that which he pursued with equal success ; and though the amount of matter relating to him personally be small , much that throws light upon his early life still remains inaccessible to the English reader . The biography of a great creative artist must in great measure consist of a history of his works ; and the great value of the book before us arises from the searching examination to which M. Schoelcher has subjected the several collections of Handel 's manuscripts which are preserved in England , one of which , in some respects the most valuable , has fallen into his own possession . This examination , for the first time made , together with the first careful and thorough search for whatever might afford a ray of light in the various periodicals of Handel 's time , has enabled the author to correct innumerable errors in previous writers , and trace step by step the rapid succession of opera , anthem , serenata , and oratorio , which filled the years of the composer 's manhood . For the general reader , perhaps , M. Schoelcher has been drawn too far into detail , and some passages of his work might have been better reserved for his “ Catalogue of Handel 's Works ” ; but these details are of the highest value to the student of musical literature , and , indeed , form for him the principal charm of the work . The importance of the author 's labors can be duly appreciated only by those who have had occasion to study somewhat extensively the musical history of the last century . For them the results of those labors as here presented are invaluable . Sermons of the REV . C. H. SPURGEON , of London . Third Series . New York : Sheldon , Blakeman & Co . There can be no doubt of the merit of these sermons , considered as examples of method and embodiments of character . Whatever elements of Christianity may be left unexpressed in them , it is certain that Mr. Spurgeon has succeeded in expressing himself . His discourses at least give us Christianity as he understands , feels , and lives it . They should be studied by all clergymen who desire to master the secret of influencing masses of men . They will afford valuable hints in respect to method , even when their spirit , tone , and teaching present no proper model for imitation . Mr. Spurgeon , we suppose , would be classed among Calvinists , but he is not merely that . Without any force , depth , amplitude , or originality of thought , he has considerable force and originality of nature . He detaches from their relations certain doctrines of Calvinism which especially interest him , and so emphasizes and intensifies them , so blends them with his personal being and experience , that the impression he stamps upon the mind is rather of Spurgeonism than Calvinism . He gives vivid reality to his doctrines , because they are incorporated with his nature ,— and not merely with his spiritual , but with his animal nature . He is thoroughly in earnest from the fact that he preaches himself . His converts , therefore , are likely to mistake being Spurgeonized for being Christianized ; for the Christianity he preaches is not so much vital Christianity as it is Christianity passed through the vitalities of his own nature , and essentially modified and lowered in the process . To understand , then , the kind of influence he exerts , we have simply to inquire , What kind of man is Mr. Spurgeon ? The answer to this question is given on every page of his sermons . He has no reserves , but lets his character transpire in every sentence . He is a bold , eager , earnest , devout , passionate , well-intentioned man , with considerable experience in the sphere of the religious emotions , full of sympathy with rough natures , full of mother wit and practical sagacity , but , as a theologian , coarse , ignorant , narrow-minded , and strikingly deficient in fine spiritual perceptions . These qualities inhere in a nature of singular vigor , intensity , and directness , that sends out words like bullets . Warmth of feeling combined with narrowness of mind makes him a bigot ; but his bigotry is not the sour assertion of an opinion , but the racy utterance of a nature . He believes in Spurgeonism so thoroughly and so simply that toleration is out of the question , and doctrines opposed to his own he refers , with instantaneous and ingenuous dogmatism , to folly or wickedness . “ I think , ” he says , in one of his sermons , “ I have none here so profoundly stupid as to be Puseyites . I can scarcely believe that I have been the means of attracting one person here so utterly devoid of one remnant of brain as to believe the doctrine of baptismal regeneration . ” The doctrine , indeed , is so nonsensical to him , that , after some caricatures of it , he asserts that it would discredit Scripture with all sensible men , if it were taught in Scripture . God himself could not make Mr. Spurgeon believe it ; and doubtless there are many High Churchmen who would retort , that nothing short of a miracle could make them assent to some of the dogmas of their assailant . Indeed , the incapacity of our preacher to discern , or mentally to reproduce , a religious character differing in creed from his own , makes him the most amusingly intolerant of Popes , not because he is malignant , but because he is Spurgeon . If he had learning or largeness of mind , he would probably lose the greater portion of his power . He gets his hearers into a corner , limits the range of their vision to the doctrine he is expounding , refuses to listen to any excuses or palliations , and then screams out to them , “ Believe or be damned ! ” In his own mind he is sure they will be damned , if they do not believe . So far as regards his influence over those minds whose religious emotions are strong , but whose religious principles are weak , every limitation of his mind is an increase of his force . This theological narrowness is unaccompanied with theological rancor . A rough but genuine benevolence is at the heart of Mr. Spurgeon 's system . He wishes his opponents to be converted , not condemned . He very properly feels , that , with his ideas of the Divine Government , he would be the basest of criminals , if he spared himself , or spared either entreaty or denunciation , in the great work of saving souls . He throws himself with such passionate earnestness into his business , that his sermons boil over with the excitement of his feelings . Indeed , it is difficult to say whether our impressions of him , derived from the written page , come to us more from the eye than the ear . His very style foams , rages , prays , entreats , adjures , weeps , screams , warns , and execrates . His words are words that everybody understands ,— bold , blunt , homely , quaint , level to his nature , all alive with passion , and directed with the single purpose of carrying the fortresses of sin by assault . The reader who contrives to preserve his calmness amid this storm of words cannot but be vexed that rhetoric so efficient should frequently be combined with notions so narrow , with bigotry so besotted , with religious principles so materialized ; that the man who is loudly proclaimed as the greatest living orator of the pulpit should have so little of that Christian spirit which refines when it inflames , which exalts , enlarges , and purifies the natures it moves . For Mr. Spurgeon is , after all , little more than a theological stump-orator , a Protestant Dominican , easy of comprehension because he leaves out the higher elements of his themes , and not hesitating to vulgarize Christianity , if he may thereby extend it among the vulgar . It has been attempted to justify him by the examples of Luther and Bunyan , to neither of whom does he bear more than the most superficial resemblance . He is , to be sure , as natural as Luther , but then his nature happens to be a puny nature as compared with that of the great Reformer ; and , not to insist on specific differences , it is certain that Luther , if alive , would have the same objection to Mr. Spurgeon 's bringing down the doctrines of Christianity to the supposed mental condition of his hearers , as he had to the Romanists of his day , who corrupted religion in order that the public “ might be more generally accommodated . ” Bunyan 's phraseology is homely , but Bunyan 's celestializing imagination kept his “ familiar grasp of things divine ” from being an irreverent pawing of things divine . Mr. Spurgeon 's nature works on a low level of influence . Deficient in imagination , and with a mind coarse and unspiritualized , though religiously impressed , he animalizes his creed in attempting to give it sensuous reality and impressiveness . If it be said that by this process he feels his way into hearts which could not be affected by more spiritual means , the answer is , that the multitude who listened to the Sermon on the Mount were not of a more elevated cast of mind than the multitude who listened to Mr. Spurgeon 's sermon on “ Regeneration . ” But the truth is , that Mr. Spurgeon 's preaching is liked , not simply because it rouses sinners to repentance , but because it gives sinners a certain enjoyment . It is racy , original , exciting , and comes directly from the character of the preacher . It is relished , as Mr. Spurgeon tells us in his Preface , by “ princes of every nation and nobles of every rank , ” as well as by humbler people . But we doubt whether Christianity should be vulgarized to give jaded nobles a new “ sensation , ” or in order to be made a fit “ gospel for the poor . ” Roumania : the Border Land of the Christian and the Turk . Comprising Adventures of Travel in Eastern Europe and Western Asia . By JAMES O. NOYES , M. D. Surgeon in the Ottoman Army . New York : Rudd & Carleton , 310 Broadway . 1857 . Dr. James Oscar Noyes , the author of this book , is an American all over . He has the rapidity and eagerness of mind that the champagny atmosphere of our northern hills gives to those who are stout enough not to be wilted by our hot summers . For briskness , thriftiness , energy , and alacrity , it is hard to find his match . He has made a book of travels , and will make a hundred , unless somebody finds him a place at home where he will have an indefinite number of labors-of-Hercules to keep him busy ,— or unless some African prince cuts his head off , or he happens to call upon the Battas about their Thanksgiving-time . Here he has been streaming through Eastern Europe and Western Asia , so hilarious and good-tempered all the time , so intensely wide-awake , so perfectly at home everywhere , so quick at making friends , so perfectly convinced that the world was made for American travellers , and so apt at proving it by his own example , that his friends who missed him for a while not only were not astonished to find that he had been a Surgeon in the Ottoman Army , during this brief interval , but only wondered he had not been Grand Vizier . In this instance the book is the man , if we may so far change Monsieur de Buffon 's saying . It is full of fresh observations and lively descriptions ,— perhaps a little too overlarded and oversprigged with prose and verse quotations ,— but as lively as a golden carp just landed . It describes scenes not familiar to most readers , tells stories they have never heard , introduces them to new costumes and faces , and helps itself by the aid of pictures to make its vivacious narrative real . We are much pleased to learn that the work has met with a very good reception ; for we consider it as the card of introduction of a gentleman whom the American people will very probably know pretty well before he has done with them , and be the better for the acquaintance . Dante 's Hell . Cantos I. to X . A Literal Metrical Translation . By J. C. Peabody . Boston : Ticknor & Fields , 1857 . A man must be either conscious of poetic gifts and possessed of real learning , or very presumptuous and ignorant , who undertakes at the present day a new translation of Dante . Mr. J. C. Peabody might claim exemption from this dictum , on the ground that his translation is not a new one ; but he himself does not put in this plea , and we cannot grant to him the possession of poetic power , or declare that he is not ignorant and presumptuous . He says in his Preface , with a modesty , the worth of which will soon become apparent , “ The present is on a different plan from all other translations , and must be judged accordingly . While I disclaim all intention of disputing the palm as a poet or scholar with the least of those who have walked with Dante before me , yet , by such labor and plodding as their genius would not allow them to descend to , have I made a more literal , and perhaps , therefore , a better translation than they all . ” Mr. J. C. Peabody is right in supposing that none of the previous translations of Dante could descend to such labor and plodding as his . In 1849 , Dr. Carlyle published his literal prose translation of the “ Inferno . ” It was in many respects admirably done , and it has afforded great assistance to the students of the poet in their first progress . Mr. Peabody does not acknowledge any obligations to it , or refer to it in any way . Let us , however , compare a passage or two of the two versions . We open at line 78 of the First Canto . We do not divide Mr. Peabody 's into the lines of verse . CARLYLE . “ Art thou , then , that Virgil and that fountain which pours abroad so rich a stream of speech ? I answered him with bashful front . O glory and light of other poets ! May the long zeal avail me and the great love which made me search thy volume . Thou art my master and my author . ” PEABODY . “ Art thou that Virgil and that fountain , then , which pours abroad so rich a stream of speech ? With bashful forehead him I gave reply . O light and glory of the other bards ! May the long zeal and the great love avail me that hath caused me thy volume to explore . Thou art my master , thou my author art . ” Opening again at random , we take the two translations at the beginning of the Eighth Canto . CARLYLE . “ I say , continuing , that long before we reached the foot of the high tower our eyes went upward to the summit , because of two flamelets that we saw put there ; and another from far gave signal back ,— so far that the eye could scarcely catch it . And I , turning to the Sea of all knowledge , said : What says this ? and what replies yon other light ? And who are they that made it ? ” PEABODY . “ I say , continuing , that long before unto the foot of that high tower we came , our eyes unto its summit upward went , cause of two flamelets that we saw there placed ; while signal back another gave from far ; so far the eye a glimpse could hardly catch . Then I to the Sea of all wisdom turned , and said : What sayeth this and what replies that other fire ? And who are they that made it ? ” We open again in Cantos Nine and Ten , and find a like resemblance between Dr. Carlyle 's prose and Mr. Peabody 's metre ; but we have perhaps quoted enough to enable our readers to form a just idea of the latter person 's “ labor and plodding . ” It is not , however , in the text alone that the resemblance exists . J. C. Peabody 's notes bear a striking conformity to Dr. Carlyle 's . There are fourteen notes to the Second Canto in Mr. Peabody 's book ,— all taken , with more or less unimportant alteration and addition , from Dr. Carlyle , without acknowledgment . Of the twelve notes to Canto Eight , nine are , with little change , from Dr. Carlyle . We have compared no farther ; ex uno omnes . Now and then Mr. Peabody gives us a note of his own . In the First Canto , for instance ; he explains the allegorical greyhound as “ A looked for reformer . ‘ The Coming Man . ’ ” The appropriateness and elegance of which commentary will be manifest to all readers familiar with the allusion . In the Fourth Canto , where Virgil speaks of the condition of the souls in limbo , our professed translator says : “ Dante says this in bitter irony . He ill brooks the narrow bigotry of the Church , ” etc . etc ., showing an utter ignorance of Dante 's real adherence to the doctrine of the Church . He has here read Dr. Carlyle 's note with less attention than usual ; for a quotation contained in it from the “ De Monarchi à ” would have set him right . The quotation is , however , in Latin , and though Mr. Peabody has transferred many quotations from the “ Aeneid ” ( through Dr. Carlyle ) to his own notes , they are often so printed as not to impress one with a strong sense of his familiarity with the Latin language . We give one instance for the sake of illustration . On page 40 appear the following lines :— Terribili squarlore Charon eni plurina mento Canities inculta jucet ; staut lumina flaurina Nor is he happier in his quotations from Italian , or in his other displays of learning . Having occasion to quote one of Dante 's most familiar lines , he gives it in this way :— Lasciatte ogni speranzi , voi ch'entrate . Anacreon is with him “ Anachreon ” ; Vallombrosa is “ Vallambroso ” ; Aristotelian is “ Aristotleian . ” Five times ( all the instances in which the name occurs ) the Ghibelline appears as the “ Ghiberlines ” ; and Montaperti is transformed into “ Montapesti . ” Nor is J. C. Peabody 's poetic capacity superior to his honesty or his learning ; witness such lines as these :— “ My parents natives of Lombardy were . ” “ They 'll come to blood and then the savage party . ” “ Like as at Palo near the Quarn ã ro . ” “ I am not Aeneas ; I am not Paul . ” We have exhibited sufficiently the merits of what its author declares to be “ perhaps a better translation ” than any other . He says that “ the whole Divine Comedy of which these ten cantos are a specimen will appear in due time . ” If the specimen be a fair one , the translation of the “ Purgatory ” and the “ Paradise ” will not appear until after the publication of Dr. Carlyle 's prose version , for which we may yet have to wait some time . We are confident that so honorable a publishing house as that of Messrs. Ticknor and Fields must have been unaware of the character of a book so full of false pretences , when they allowed their name to be put on the title-page . But to make up for even unconscious participation in such a literary imposition , we trust that they will soon put to press the remainder of Dr. Parsons 's excellent translation of Dante 's poem , a specimen of which appeared so long since , bearing their imprint . City Poems . By ALEXANDER SMITH , Author of “ A Life Drama , and other Poems . ” Boston : Ticknor & Fields . On the first appearance of Alexander Smith , criticism became light-headed , and fairly exhausted its whole vocabulary of panegyric in giving him welcome . “ There is not a page in this volume on which we cannot find some novel image , some Shakspearian felicity of expression , or some striking simile , ” said the critic of the “ Westminster Review . ” “ Having read these extracts , ” said another exponent of public opinion , “ turn to any poet you will , and compare the texture of the composition ,— it is a severe test , but you will find that Alexander Smith bears it well . ” It was observable , however , that all this praise was lavished on what were styled “ beauties . ” Passages and single lines , bricks from the edifice , were extravagantly eulogized ; but on turning to the poems , it was found that the poetical lines and passages were not parts of a whole , that the bricks formed no edifice at all . There were no indications of creative genius , no shaping or constructive power , no substance and fibre of individuality , no signs of a great poetical nature , but a splendid anarchy of sensations and faculties . The separate beauties , as the author had heaped and huddled them together , presented a total result of deformity . It was also found , that , striking as some of the images , metaphors , and similes were , they gave little poetic satisfaction or delight . A certain thinness of sentiment , poverty of idea , and shallowness of experience , were not hidden from view , to one who looked sharply through the gorgeous wrappings of words . A small , but sensitive and facile nature , capable of fully expressing itself by the grace of a singularly fluent fancy , with an appetite for beauty rather than a passion for it , with no essential imagination and opulence of soul ,— this was the mortifying result to which we were conducted by analysis . Still , it was asserted that the luxuriance of the young poet 's mind promised much ; let a few years pass , and Tennyson and Browning and Elizabeth Barrett would be at his feet . A few years have passed , and here is his second volume . It has less richness of fancy than the first , but its merits and demerits are the same . The man has not yet grown into a poet ,— has not yet learned that the foliage , flowers , and fruits of the mind should be connected with primal roots in its individual being . These are still tied on , in his old manner , to a succession of thoughts and emotions , which have themselves little vital connection with each other . The “ hey-day in his blood , ” which gave an appearance of exulting and abounding life to his first poems , has somewhat subsided now , and the effect is , that “ The City Poems , ” as a whole , are leaner in spirit , and more morbid and despondent in tone , than the “ Life Drama . ” Yet there is still so much that is superficially striking in the volume , such a waste of imagery and emotion , and so many occasional lines and epithets of real power and beauty , that we close the volume with some vexation and pain at our inability to award it the praise which many readers will think it deserves . FOREIGN . Der Reichspostreiter in Ludwigsburg , Novelle auf geschichtlichem Hintergrunde . Von Robert Heller . 1858 . A very interesting novel indeed , sketching life at the little court of the Duke of Wurtemberg at the beginning of the eighteenth century , and the overthrow of the government of a famous mistress of the Duke , the Countess W ü rben . The main points of interest in the story are historical , and the tissue of fiction interwoven with these is remarkably well arranged . Herr Heller belongs to the school of German novelists who , like Hermann Kurz , and others of minor mark , make a copious and comprehensive use of historical facts in Art . Their object and aim seem to be rather to illustrate and embody the historical facts in the flesh and blood of tangible reality , than merely to amuse by transforming history into a material for poetical entertainment . With all that , the abovenamed little volume is amply worth reading . Une Et é dans le Sahara , par Eugene Fromentin . Paris . 1857 . A painter describes here a summer journey through the Desert of Sahara , as far south from Algiers as El Aghouat , in the year 1853 . There is not much that is new in this book , considering the many later and far more comprehensive and extensive illustrations of life in the Great Desert , since published by Bayard Taylor , Barth , and others ; but it is a very interesting picture of this life , as seen and drawn by a painter . His descriptions contain many landscape and genre pictures , by means of which a vivid idea of the scenery and life are conveyed to the imagination of the reader .