THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY August , 1888 . Vol . XLII . No . 8 . CONTENTS EDITORIAL FINANCIAL .— A CONVERSATION THE VERNACULAR — THE LAST GOVERNMENT ORDER ENDORSEMENT OF SOLICITORS — PROF. LAWRENCE LONDON MISSIONARY CONFERENCE — GETTYSBURG BOOM IN PRICE OF A SLAVE — EXTRACTS FROM EXAMINATION PAPERS ON DR. JAMES POWELL 'S PORTRAIT — PARAGRAPH THE SOUTH . NOTES IN THE SADDLE . By District Secretary Ryder . ATLANTA UNIVERSITY COMMENCEMENT AT FISK UNIVERSITY AN HOUR AT STRAIGHT UNIVERSITY CLOSING EXERCISES AT TILLOTSON THE INDIANS . PARAGRAPH FROM OAHE SEWING WOMEN AT FORT BERTHOLD AN INDIAN CHURCH SOCIABLE THE CHINESE . ITEMS BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . PARAGRAPHS NOTES FROM MISS COLLINS OUR YOUNG FOLKS . THE TRUE BLUE CARD RECEIPTS NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION , Rooms , 56 Reade Street . Price , 50 Cents a Year , in Advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York , N. Y ., as second class matter . American Missionary Association . PRESIDENT , REV . WM . M. TAYLOR , D. D ., LL. D ., N. Y. Vice-Presidents . Rev . A. J. F . BEHRENDS , D. D ., N. Y. Rev . ALEX . McKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . Rev . F. A . NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. Rev . D. O . MEARS , D. D ., Mass . Rev . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . Corresponding Secretaries . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y. Rev . A. F . BEARD , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y. Treasurer . H. W . HUBBARD , Esq ., 56 Reads Street , N. Y . Auditors . PETER McCARTEE . CHAS . P. PEIRCE . Executive Committee . JOHN H. WASHBURN , Chairman . ADDISON P. FOSTER , Secretary . For Three Years . LYMAN ABBOTT , CHARLES A . HULL , J. R. DANFORTH , CLINTON B. FISK , ADDISON P. FOSTER . For Two Years S. B . HALLIDAY , SAMUEL HOLMES , SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , ELBERT B. MONROE . For One Year . J. E . RANKIN , WM . H. WARD , J. W . COOPER , JOHN H. WASHBURN , EDMUND L. CHAMPLIN . District Secretaries . Rev . C. J . RYDER , 21 Cong'l House , Boston . Rev . J. E . ROY , D. D ., 151 Washington Street , Chicago . Financial Secretary for Indian Missions . Rev . CHAS . W. SHELTON . Secretary of Woman 's Bureau . Miss D. E . EMERSON , 56 Reade St ., N. Y. COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post-office orders , may be sent to H. W . Hubbard , Treasurer , 56 Reade Street , New York , or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., or 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill. A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a Life Member . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I bequeath to my executor ( or executors ) the sum of —— dollars , in trust , to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person who , when the same is payable , shall act as Treasurer of the ‘ American Missionary Association , ’ of New York City , to be applied , under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association , to its charitable uses and purposes . ” The Will should be attested by three witnesses . = THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY .= VOL . XLII . AUGUST , 1888 . No . 8 . = American Missionary Association .= * FINANCIAL . * Our receipts for the nine months ending June 30 are $ 214 , 434. 40 , an increase of $ 10 , 913. 66 , as compared with the corresponding months of last year . The increase of receipts from legacies is only $ 184. 81 , showing that almost the entire increase is from collections , and this we regard as the genuine test of the confidence of our patrons in the work of the Association . On the other hand , a large part of this increase is for special objects , and does not aid us in meeting regular appropriations . We must add , also , that our expenditures during the last nine months have been $ 21 , 828. 95 greater than for the same months last year . These facts point inevitably to the trilemma — debt , curtailment or increased receipts . It is easy to say “ retrench , ” and if it is the unmistakable call of the churches , we must do it . But we wish to present another aspect of the subject . In a case where enlargement in the way of new or improved buildings is imperatively demanded to ensure the usefulness of the school , and where there comes to us Providentially , and without solicitation on our part , the proffer of the money to make those enlargements , is it our duty to refuse that money ? If our constituents have the facts before them , we , as their agents , will cheerfully abide their decision . To this end will be found below the sketch of a conversation , not imaginary , but which actually occurred , and which will present some of these facts . We ask our patrons to read it and then to decide whether our action in these cases was right , and , if so , whether it should be a guide for the future . * A CONVERSATION — ITS RESULTS , ITS LESSONS . * About two years ago a gentleman came to this office , and said to one of the Secretaries : “ If a person has eight or ten thousand dollars which he would like to devote to some good object , where would you advise him to give it ? ” To this the Secretary promptly replied : “ To the American Missionary Association , of course . ” “ All right , ” said the gentleman , “ but to what special purpose would you advise it to be applied ? ” “ Our great need , ” said the Secretary , “ is to meet current expenses , and I would advise that it be devoted to that . ” A little further conversation revealed the pleasant fact that the gentleman had that sum of money at his disposal , but that he had a very decided wish that it should be used for the erection of permanent buildings . The Secretary suggested the obvious fact that added plant meant increased expense , and that we hardly dared to promise to meet that . “ But , ” said the gentleman , “ are there not places in your work where new buildings are greatly needed ? ” “ Most assuredly , ” the Secretary replied , “ there are many places where such buildings are needed . ” He was asked to give details , which he did . Among the schools mentioned by him was one in which the scholars were inadequately provided with dormitory and recitation room facilities , and where the industries were crowded into old cabins and attic rooms . After hearing these details , our visitor , who is a judicious and prosperous business man as well as a benevolent Christian , said , “ These new buildings are needed . I offer you the money for the two buildings at the place you have last named . I know it will increase somewhat your current expenses , but can n't you trust the churches to come to your help ? ” The results of that and subsequent interviews are two fine buildings , one giving adequate school accommodations , and the other giving a large and commodious shop , facilitating both instruction and production . Subsequently , the same large-hearted and liberal gentleman repeated his benefaction where equally needed enlargement will soon be furnished . Once more . In a Southern city our school building is too small , the lot does not permit industrial work , and changes in the population have surrounded the locality with saloons and houses of ill-fame . A change must be made or we must abandon the place . A lady who knows these facts offers to give us $ 2 , 000 with which to purchase four acres of land most eligibly situated for our work , and to give us the money to build a school-house with eight large school-rooms with commodious fixtures and appliances . All this , of course , implies more teachers and additional running expense . Shall we accept the gift and trust the churches to furnish the money ? Or , to state the matter in general terms : When the need for enlargement is very great , and God sends to us benevolent donors , who are willing to furnish the means for the enlargement , are we wrong in trusting the churches for their part of the needed help ? We believe we are not . We think the churches would regard us as recreant to our trust if we refused to take the funds thus providentially proffered to us . But our story is not all told . Other donors in the last few years have done likewise , and there still are cases where the pressure for enlargement is as great as in any of the instances given . We must mention one . In a large Southern city our school building is so inadequate that the Principal writes : “ We have an extremely large school , and yet nearly three hundred pupils were turned off for lack of seating capacity . ” In addition to this , the Teachers ’ Home adjoining the school building , which was once a Southern home , is unhealthy from inadequate under-drainage . We have repeatedly attempted to remedy this difficulty and at considerable cost . We are satisfied that to spend more money for such a purpose is a waste . The only true remedy is to remove the present home , connecting it with the school-building for additional school-rooms , and then , on the vacant site , to erect a new home with proper foundations . If any benevolent person should offer us the means for making these changes , we fear we have not the self-denial to refuse , unless the churches or benevolent individuals for whom we act shall command us to do so . We await the response they will give . * THE VERNACULAR . THE LAST GOVERNMENT ORDER . * THE ORDER . We give below a copy of the last order received from the Interior Department in relation to the vernacular . “ 1st . In Government schools no text-books and no oral instruction in the vernacular will be allowed , but all text-books and instruction must be in the English language . No departure from this rule will be allowed , except when absolutely necessary to rudimentary instruction in English . But it is permitted to read from the Bible in the vernacular at the daily opening of school , when English is not understood by the pupils . “ 2d . In schools where Indian children are placed under contract , or to which the Government contributes in any manner , the same rule shall be observed in all secular instruction . Religious instruction in the vernacular may be allowed in such schools , both by the text-book and orally , provided not more than one-fourth of the time is devoted to such instruction . “ 3d . In purely mission schools — that is , in schools toward whose support the Government contributes nothing — religious and other instruction may be conducted in the manner approved by those who maintain the schools , provided that one-half of the school hours shall be employed in instruction in English . “ 4th . Only native Indian teachers will be permitted to teach otherwise in any Indian vernacular , and these native teachers will only be allowed so to teach in schools not supported in whole or in part by the Government , and where there are no Government or contract schools where English is taught . These native teachers are allowed to teach in the vernacular only with a view of reaching those Indians who cannot have the advantage of instruction in English . “ 5th . A theological class of Indian young men , supported wholly by mission funds , may be trained in the vernacular at any missionary school supported in whole or in part by missionary societies , the object being to prepare them for the ministry , whose subsequent work shall be confined to preaching , unless they are employed as teachers in remote settlements where English schools are inaccessible . “ 6th . These rules are not intended to prevent the possession or use by any Indian of the Bible published in the vernacular ; but such possession or use shall not interfere with the teaching of the English language to the extent and in the manner hereinbefore directed . ” COMMENT . This order presents a great and gratifying modification of those extreme rulings of the Department which occasioned so much dissatisfaction among the churches . While we rejoice in these modifications , we must not conceal from ourselves or our readers the fact , that the main point against which objection has been so strenuously urged — the right of the churches to be guided by their own wisdom and experience in expending their own funds — is not granted by this order , as will be seen in Article 3 . “ In purely mission schools , ” “ toward whose support the Government contributes nothing , ” it dictates that “ one-half of the school-hours shall be employed in instruction in English . ” So far as the principle is concerned , nothing is yielded . The Government still assumes to control these schools , and to tell the missionaries how much of the vernacular they may use , and how they must divide the hours between the two languages . The regulation , moreover , fixes upon “ one-half of the school hours ” without any obvious reason for taking that number rather than one-fourth or three-fourths , for it does not take into account the different conditions of the pupils as to their knowledge of the English language . It requires a double set of text-books if the vernacular be taught at all . Whether the churches will acquiesce in this regulation , will depend , we think , upon how rigidly it is enforced . We regret that the Government , while attempting to meet the wishes of the churches , could not have done it in a more broad and generous method , by conceding their right to manage their own missionary affairs without interference or dictation . The numerous solicitors from the South for the benefactions of our friends at the North impel us to increased caution in regard to our endorsements . We are anxious that our friends should give , but we are equally anxious that they should not be imposed upon . Hereafter , we shall give a letter of commendation to any of our workers who may be authorized by us to come North for help , signed by one of the Secretaries or one of the District Secretaries , and these will be good for one year from the date , and any pastors or friends of the Association can feel at liberty to ask for the letter . If persons assuming to solicit funds for any part of the A. M. A 's work cannot produce such letters , the failure may be taken as a reason for withholding confidence . We think this is due to our friends at the North and to our faithful and honored workers at the South . Professor Lawrence , of Jellico , Tenn ., who was so seriously injured by an unprovoked and cowardly attack , is , we are happy to learn , slowly improving . Suffering , both from excruciating pain and from great nervous prostration , all that a human being can endure and live , yet he has borne it uncomplainingly . Large expenses have been necessarily incurred for surgeon 's , doctor 's and nurse 's bills , and Mr. Lawrence is a poor man , working on a missionary salary , when he might have received more elsewhere . As Professor Lawrence received his injuries in the simple discharge of his duties as a teacher in an A. M. A . school , our Committee will feel it their duty to render him some pecuniary aid , and if any of our friends are disposed to assist us in rendering such help , we shall be glad to receive their donations for that purpose . * THE LONDON MISSIONARY CONFERENCE . * This large and important gathering of the friends of Christian missions throughout the world , held its session in Exeter Hall , London , June 9-19 . This is the fourth great Missionary Conference . The first was in Liverpool in 1860 , the last was in London , held ten years ago . This Conference far surpassed its predecessors in the numbers present , in the completeness of the previous arrangements , and in the range and importance of the topics discussed . The members numbered over 1 , 200 , gathered from all parts of the world . Nearly forty American Societies were represented , six Canadian , fifteen Continental , and fifty-four English , Scotch and Irish Societies . One topic that received deserved attention was the curse of deluging Africa with liquor by Christian nations , and the continued curse of the opium traffic which England inflicts upon China . From the brief reports which have reached us , we judge this Conference to have been a very able and enthusiastic one , and that it will probably give a new impulse to Christian missions throughout the world . Secretary Beard represented the American Missionary Association in the London Missionary Conference , agreeably to appointment by the American Committee of the Conference . His paper was entitled , “ Christian Missions among the North American Indians . ” He also read a paper which Secretary Strieby had prepared , by appointment of the American Committee , on “ The Freedmen of America as Factors in African Evangelization . ” Dr . Beard attended the Conference on his way to Europe to bring his family home . He is expected to return about the first of September . * GETTYSBURG , FRATERNITY , FREE BALLOT . * The meeting of the Blue and the Gray on the field of Gettysburg at the late anniversary celebration marks an era in national fraternity . The orator of the day , George William Curtis , did a noble , perhaps we might say courageous , deed in lifting the enthusiasm of the glad hour above the remembrance of past heroism and present harmony to the great duty of the nation — a free and fair ballot . A few lines culled from the oration will give the thought . “ The suffrage is the mainspring , the heart of our common life . If ignorance and semi-barbarous dominance be fatal to civilized communities , no less so is constant and deliberate defiance of law . ” “ No honest man can delude himself with the theory that this is a local question . If there be a national question , which vitally interests every American citizen from the Penobscot to the Rio Grande , it is the question of a free legal ballot . ” “ Can we wrest from the angel of this hour any blessing so priceless as the common resolution that we shall not have come to this consecrated spot only to declare our joy and gratitude , nor only to cherish proud and tender memories , but also to pledge ourselves to union in its sublimest significance ? ” To this we add : The brave deeds of the soldier at Gettysburg , and the wise counsels of the orator , should be followed by the patient toil of the teacher and the preacher . It is hard to choose between the ballot withheld and the ballot cast by ignorance and vice . Blood and treasure flowed like water in the war . Shall treasure and toil be wanting for the work of peace — preparing the ignorant voter to cast the free ballot intelligently and honestly ? * A BOOM IN THE PRICE OF A SLAVE . * One of our best educated and most efficient colored ministers in the South furnishes us the following sketch of his experience on the auction block . He not only was sold “ early and often , ” but always at advancing prices . We do not wonder at this , for he has shown himself to be so valuable as a man , that we are sure the boy must have promised to be worth a great deal as a slave . I was sold in 1862 at the age of ten years , for $ 400 , by the widow B. of Virginia . As a rule , after the first sale , I was upon the auction block every day for three months . How often I was sold during those three months I cannot tell , but on Davis ’ auction block in his sale-room I was sold five times in one day . The last sale at the end of the three months was made in Tennessee , to the Rev . H. F. S ., a Baptist minister , who paid $ 3 , 500 for his property . The Rev . Mr. S. was a “ Yankee ” from Philadelphia , Pa ., and came South at the breaking out of the war . * EXTRACTS FROM EXAMINATION PAPERS . * Ques . Give a rule for the use of the period ? Ans . Every period must begin with a capital . Ans . A period is a dot written to the end of a sentence and is used to low the voice . Ans . A period is used for the topage of a sentence and to make our reading sound better than if we had no period . Ques . What is the chief occupation in the South Atlantic States ? Ans . The ocoopations cold in the north part , but in the lower part rain seldom fails . FROM A SUNDAY-SCHOOL . The lesson was on The Ten Virgins , and the next Sunday the review question was asked , “ What was the lesson about last Sunday ? ” and a bright boy gave the prompt answer , “ About ten gals that went to a weddin . ” COMPOSITION LETTERS FROM YOUNG PUPILS . My dear teacher , God be with you witch I know he will , as the Song says God can see me every day when I work and when I play . again God is always near me when I pray . I shall nor for get Miss H. her name shall never die out Christ have mercy upon her If God calls her I will spect to meet her in heven at the last trumpet shall sound . I will be thair . Yours truly , Robert —— Dear teacher , I wish I could write good . I have not done my duty . I will try the next time and do better . I am very sorry . I will try and do better . May God help me to obey my teacher . Miss F. is sick . I hope she will get better . I will try to be like Jesus . I have sign the pledge and have kept it . Now I will close my bad lines . I hope you will come back next year . Good by . Your aff Scholar , James —— * ON JAMES POWELL 'S PORTRAIT . * BY J. E . RANKIN , D. D . O face , all radiant with the light of love , O eyes , so laughing in their tenderness , So quick to read the language of distress ; O lips , so touched with flame as from above , O man , with godhead stamped upon thy brow , And manhood beating in thy pulses strong , To stir thee up to stamp thy heel on wrong , That earth should have no more thy pattern now ! No more should see thee on the wings of mercy sent ! Thou hads't thy mortal years so wisely spent , That Heav ë n seemed too soon to crown thy brow ; The veil of flesh was prematurely rent , And earthly glory with celestial blent . A college commencement is a marked event to all parties concerned , and a good sketch of such an occasion furnishes interesting reading to a very wide circle . We call the attention of our patrons to the reports we make of the anniversaries in our Southern institutions . Some of these reports appeared in the last MISSIONARY , some will be found in this number , and others will be given in the next . = THE SOUTH .= * NOTES IN THE SADDLE . * BY REV . C. J . RYDER , DISTRICT SECRETARY . Orthodoxy and orthography are by no means inseparable , as the following letter proves . Correct views of Divine Sovereignty and very indifferent spelling may go together in the same epistle . “ Dear Miss —— “ Dear Teacher , I am so much Thank you for your kindness of the medicine which you have sent to me yesterday , until I cannot express my gladness and feeling unto you in this world , but I hope God will take good care off you even on death if I never have the plegure of seeing your good and happy looking face any more . “ Your medicine has help me demegiately as I have took it . I hope God will ever to be with in your Jerney throught life in well doing . ” This letter came from a young lad in one of the lower grades of school work . He had been seriously sick for weeks , and the teacher to whom he wrote sat with him and ministered to his comfort after the weary hours of her school work were over . This lad appreciated her self-forgetful kindness ; his heart was touched , and as she left the malarial atmosphere of this Southern country for brief rest in her Northern home , this boy sent her this letter . His letter is “ phonetic ” and of the individual type , but I venture that the tearful prayer going up to God from his grateful , loving , simple heart may reach the Father 's ear , and bring down a blessing upon his loving friend as “ demegiately ” as the rounded periods of learned lips . He evidently is no dusky Claudius whose confession must be : “ My words fly up , my thoughts remain below ; Words without thoughts never to Heaven go . ” “ What a privilege it is to be prayed for by such confiding souls , ” said the teacher as she handed me this letter . Speaking of prayer among the colored people , calls to mind a petition offered for myself , when Field Superintendent , soon after my appointment . An old black woman in New Orleans was called upon to pray , after I had spoken to the people . She chanted her words in soft , melodious tones , keeping time with her body swaying back and forth , as she prayed . She prayed for the former superintendent , Dr. Roy . She thanked God for his patient , loving care of the people . She told the Lord how he went as a prophet of Israel , back and forth among them , bringing the bread of Heaven to their hungry souls . She sought Divine blessing , rich , full , free , upon him and all his loved ones . Then she chanted in the liquid accent of the Creole , “ And now , O Father , bless our young brother the new superintender . Let him down deep into the treasury of thy word and hide him ‘ hind de cross of Jesus . ” And the heart of the “ New Superintender ” said “ Amen and Amen . ” That experience was what he needed . How close to the great throbbing heart of God these simple children of cotton-field and cabin come ! In gaining intimate acquaintance with them one is reminded of Heinrich Heine 's confession in his notes on Uncle Tom 's Cabin : “ Astonishing ! That after I have whirled about all my life over all the dance floors of philosophy , and yielded myself to all the orgies of the intellect * * * without satisfaction , like Massolina after a licentious night , I now find myself on the same standpoint where poor Uncle Tom stands — on that Bible . I kneel down by my black brother in the same prayer ! What humiliation ! * * * Tom , perhaps , understands these spiritual things better than I . * * * But a poor negro slave reads with his back and understands better than we do . But I , who used to make citations from Homer , now begin to quote the Bible as Uncle Tom does . Poor Tom , indeed , seems to have seen deeper things in the Holy Book than I . ” The letter quoted at the opening of these “ Notes ” hints another thing . The A. M. A . teacher must frequently be a doctor , too . One lady teacher in Alabama opened her chest of medicine and showed me a small drug store curtained off from the sitting-room of her home . She had made materia medica , a special study , and was a competent physician in common diseases . Her house was a public dispensary , visited frequently by her afflicted colored neighbors . What cannot these teachers accomplish going out into these dark , diseased and sin-smitten places of our own land , if only they go out in “ His Name ” as they so often do ! How all loyal hearts will rejoice in the good news that comes from brave Lawrence 's sick room ! He is slowly improving , and there is strong hope of his recovery . Thank God !! A large public meeting has been held in Jellico , Tenn ., in which the “ law-abiding citizens , ” expressed their intense condemnation of this “ brutal , but cowardly act of shooting Prof. Lawrence . ” This body of citizens voted to prosecute the scoundrel Chandler , who did the shooting , and raised the money at once to carry forward that prosecution ! Good for Jellico , say we all !! Will Iowa permit Tennessee to surpass her in the execution of whiskey murderers ? “ The Pansy Society , ” consisting of a company of seven girls and boys , sent to the New England office of the A. M. A . $ 13 which they had themselves earned ! What society of young people will be “ next ” ? Here is a work , especially a children 's and young people 's work , for establishing schools , planting Sabbath schools , sending missionaries into homes to teach the Ninety thousand mothers in a single Southern State who cannot read ! In a company of fifty children , the A. M. A . teacher asked : “ How many of you ever knelt at your mother 's knee , or at all in your home , and prayed ? ” Not a single hand went up in all that company ! “ Children 's work for children ; ” “ Mother 's work for mothers , ” are watchwords of the A. M. A ., that should awaken enthusiastic response and greatly increase the benefactions of all toward this effort to Christianize the homes of our land ! * ATLANTA UNIVERSITY . * BY MISS E. B . EMERY . This is a marvelous institution . It is a reproduction of New England , and that the finest ; therein lies its supremacy and its offense . The Glenn Bill , designed to ruin the institution , has had the usual effect of such devices ; it has improved decidedly the fortunes of the school . Nothing advances a cause like persecution ; the peculiar advantage and irresistible power of the University are more manifest than ever , and in the space of a few months it has gained a reputation over the country , and won a place in the hearts of all good people , which twenty years of ordinary work could hardly have done ; still , we must not be blind to the fact that this is really due to the twenty years of hard work , prayer and self-sacrifice . When the books of Heaven are opened , it will then be seen how much of silent self-sacrifice , how much of grand living and grand doing , is set down to these Southern missionaries . Much called inglorious now , will be glorious then , and “ the last shall be first . ” The anniversary exercises of the University commenced on May 24 , by oral examinations , which continued two days . They were in all departments , classical , normal , preparatory and industrial . The classical department , though small , as in all these institutions , has always been very high in Atlanta ; the chief advance , however , the past few years , has been in the normal and industrial divisions , and this appeared in the fact that all the graduates this year , numbering thirteen girls , were in the normal department . The work is done by teachers from the North , experienced in the best normal methods , and nothing on the Southern field can be more vital and important . Three-quarters of the students going out from these higher institutions devote themselves to teaching , and when the North has some realization of the dense ignorance of the Southern black population , the need of this will readily appear . In the State of Alabama are 80 , 000 colored voters who cannot read , and though the children of a small proportion of these voters do learn to read , the greater number do not , and cannot till the Northern churches open their eyes to facts , and do more to remedy this monster evil . And this ignorance of the blacks means not only ignorance , but grossest immorality . Alabama in this respect is an average State ; Georgia is a little better , others much worse . The industrial work of Atlanta consists , first , in farm-work . The farm of sixty acres , which is the most beautiful spot in the State of Georgia , and under the superintendence of a Massachusetts farmer , speaks for itself . The young men learn , also , wood-work , draughting and forging ; they exhibit some exquisite specimens of lathe and chisel-work , and the young carpenters readily find employment in the city at the highest wages . The girls not only do much of the work of the boarding-houses , but have special and daily lessons in cooking and sewing ; and I can testify to their practical skill . The baccalaureate sermon was preached on Sunday , May 27 , by Rev . C. W . Francis , the pastor of the University church , and , the past year , Acting President , also . It was a notable occasion . The commodious chapel of Stone Hall was packed , the many students of course filling a large space , while their friends and former students filled in the background . Colored people are by nature ardent and magnetic , and when education and religion have developed their characters and toned down their absurdities , they are a very interesting and attractive people . Forward on the platform and side seats were Dr. Strieby and Dr . Beard , of New York , the honored Secretaries of the American Missionary Association , Dr. Woodworth , of Massachusetts , Dr. Pentecost , of Brooklyn , N. Y ., with Mr. Stebbins , his sweet singer , now holding revival meetings in Atlanta , and the faculty and workers generally of the University . The sermon was preached without notes , as is usual with Prof. Francis , and with his usual quiet earnestness . The discourse was as tender as it was able and wise , and ever to be remembered by the thirteen girls sitting just before him . Of the singing on such an occasion , no Northern audience can have any conception . The closing hymn was that grand one , “ Guide me , O thou Great Jehovah ! ” It is almost an anthem , and when it is known that the voice of the colored man or woman is three-fold more powerful , richer and sweeter than that of the white , one may try to imagine the effect of nearly a thousand voices . Commencement was held May 28 , in the Friendship Baptist church . The house was filled , many standing for the nearly three hours . The singing was by a large chorus of students , trained most faithfully and successfully by the music teacher of the University , Miss Rebecca Massey . One Jubilee Song was given , “ March On ” ; other selections were classical ; the chorus from Mendelssohn 's Elijah , “ Thanks be to God , ” being especially fine . The exercises were closed by a spirited rendering of the Anvil Chorus . Miss Massey is a native of Ohio , and a graduate of Oberlin Musical Conservatory , and is one of the most thoroughly educated musicians in the South . Recently she bought a reserved seat to Gilmore 's concert in Atlanta , and in the Imperial City of the Empire State of the South , in the noble city of the reconstructed Henry W. Grady , she was marched out of the hall by a policeman , simply and solely because her blood is one-quarter colored ! The commencement essays of the thirteen young ladies would have done credit to any Northern institution ; they were in good taste , thoughtful and high-toned , indicative of culture and a missionary spirit . These girls may never be famous , but they will be useful and successful , which is infinitely better . * COMMENCEMENT AT FISK UNIVERSITY . * PRES . E. H. CRAVATH , D. D . Fisk University held , on the 13th of June , its twenty-third anniversary , reckoning from the founding of the Fisk School . The weather was perfect , and all the exercises of the day were highly satisfactory . Five were graduated from College . One member of the class had been called away during the year by the death of his father . The commencement address was delivered by Rev . C. H . Richards , D. D ., of Madison , Wis. Subject , “ Making Life Beautiful . ” The address was admirable in thought , style and delivery , and greatly delighted the vast audience of citizens and students . Dr. Richards paid a high compliment to the graduates , and those who had furnished the music for the occasion . The commencement dinner called forth very pleasant reminiscences of the early days , and many confident predictions concerning ; the growth of the University in the future . One noticeable and hopeful feature of this anniversary was the large increase in the attendance of alumni . Heretofore , anniversary week has come before the close of the schools in which the larger part of our alumni are employed . This year it came three weeks later than formerly . This change was made to better accommodate the little army of student-teachers , which is sent out annually to the country public schools . It was found that by far the larger number of these schools do not begin until the first of July . Fisk is fortunate in having alumni who are everywhere noted for their love and loyalty , and the University points to them and their work with great pride and rejoicing . The anniversary exercises of the Alumni Association this year were excellent . Mr. Crosthwait spoke of “ Nehemiah 's Plan , ” and most beautifully and forcibly applied it to the work to be done by the colored people to build up the walls of their city . Prof. L. C . Anderson , Principal of Prairie View Normal School of Texas , spoke of our “ Public School System , ” in a very instructive way . Mr. Anderson is doing a noble work at Prairie View , and has made the school the pride of the State which supports it . Nearly $ 300 was contributed toward the alumni endowment fund , as the result of the movement to persuade each graduate to contribute annually one per cent . of his earnings to help his alma mater . The number of students in the past year has been the largest in the history of the University . The catalogue shows an enrollment of 475 . There has been marked growth in the numbers in the Department of Music . Students begin to seek the University for instruction in this department alone . During the year the Mozart Society rendered the oratorio of “ Elijah , ” both in the city and at the University , with marked success . The address at the graduating exercises of the Normal Department was delivered by Rev . C. S . Smith of Nashville , Secretary of the Sunday-school Union of the A. M. E. Church . It was an earnest and forcible appeal to the colored people of the South to respond to the efforts made in their behalf by Northern friends , by doing the utmost possible for themselves . Many readers of the MISSIONARY will remember Mr. Smith as the delegate of the A. M. E. Church to the Triennial Council in Chicago . The Sunday-school Union has just purchased a handsome building on the public square in Nashville as a publishing house , and under Mr. Smith 's management has been eminently successful . The missionary sermon on Sunday morning , June 10th , was preached by Dr. Warren A. Candler , who has just been honored by being elected President of Emory College , Oxford , Ga. All will remember that this place was vacated some two or three years ago by Dr. Atticus G. Haygood , that he might devote himself entirely to the work connected with the administration of the John F. Slater Fund . Dr. Candler is a strong , liberal and earnest man , who will wield a great power wherever he labors . The President of the University preached the baccalaureate sermon from the words , “ My kingdom is not of this world . ” The anniversary of the Literary Societies was held Friday night , June 8th , and the Senior Preparatory class had its exhibition on Thursday night , the 7th , at which time eleven were admitted to College , having passed satisfactory examinations . Necessarily the growth of numbers in the higher departments of education must be slow in the case of institutions founded for a race so recently emancipated and laboring under great poverty and unusual disadvantages . This , however , should serve to strengthen purpose and intensify effort , for it shows the vital necessity of well-trained leaders from among the people themselves . Professional training without previous course of liberal education cannot provide the men that are required for this day and generation among the colored people of the United States or for missionaries on the Dark Continent . * AN HOUR AT STRAIGHT UNIVERSITY . * BY MRS. A. B . SHATTUCK . Two Congregational pilgrims found themselves on the first day of March in New Orleans , prepared to do all the sight-seeing which the daylight of forty-eight consecutive hours permitted . On our way in the horse-cars to one of the beautiful cemeteries , we approached a group of large buildings on the left , and some one said , “ That is the university of the colored people , ” and then we saw “ Straight University ” in bold letters upon the front of the central building . Now “ Straight ” was down upon our list of “ points , ” but we had not looked up its location and supposed it farther from the center , so we were glad to stop on our return and save an extra trip . Three plain substantial structures occupy a handsome corner lot , leaving space for the additions already so much needed . The location is very fine , so near the heart of the city , upon that broad , beautiful avenue , whose name is suggestive of anything but breadth and beauty to New York or Chicago people — Canal street . Windows and doors were open , and , seeking entrance at the nearest , we found ourselves in the dining-hall , and were ushered across the yard to the central building and up a flight of stairs , at the head of which , in a small , crowded office , was President Hitchcock . The sight of a tourist at that season , when the city is overrun with them , could hardly have been more welcome than a book agent to that busy man , but there was not a trace of annoyance in his greeting . He sent away his companions and devoted himself to the duties of a cicerone as cheerfully as though that were the chief end of the president of a university . We went the rounds of class-rooms , halls and dormitories , our interest and our leader 's enthusiasm continually increasing . The primaries are in two long , narrow rooms , lighted only on one side and not nearly large enough . But how the little throats did roll out the music and what time they kept , when called upon for a song ! Another treat was a song from a young lady who was practicing in the music room . The modest grace with which she complied when asked to sing for us , is almost as pleasant a memory as her beautiful voice . Up close to the roof , in a low attic , we found the industrial departments , a printing press and a cabinet shop . Creditable work of both kinds was shown . A paper is edited and printed by the students , and the housekeeper of the party shut her eyes and said the tenth commandment over a certain little table in one corner . Industrial training is not a specialty at Straight . What is done in that line is more a recreation than a branch of study . We were told , with evident pride in the fact , that all the outfit we saw was purchased by the students themselves . Not a dollar of the funds of the Association had gone toward it . Every class-room seemed crowded . The statement that applicants had to be turned away every week needed no confirmation . Coming so recently from Tougaloo it was interesting to note the difference between the two institutions . A comparison cannot be invidious , because they belong to different states in every sense of the word . Since the aim of the American Missionary Association is the elevation of the colored people , there is room for a diversity of institutions and methods . Tougaloo is admirably situated for industrial departments . Straight has neither room nor time for them , but meets the demand for a higher grade of scholarship , and draws its students from a wider range and from a class who have more home training , more money , and , therefore , more leisure for a full course of study . They come from the whole circumference of the Gulf , from Cuba and from Central America . Many more could be drawn from abroad if there were room to receive them . The most inveterate hatred of puns can hardly keep one from spelling Straight without the gh . Many of the students are largely of Creole blood and have the traits of Gallic ancestry well defined . “ In two respects , ” said our host , “ I have been greatly disappointed . I was told before I came here that I would have trouble in teaching the pupils habits of neatness , and that they were naturally lazy . I find them just the opposite . They are exceptionally neat and tidy about their persons and their rooms . As for being lazy , we could not ask for more diligent students as a rule , and they are up in the morning earlier than we want them to be . ” No notes were taken of the many interesting statements made , for there was no thought of this article then . But the recollection of the talk as we passed through rooms and halls toward our exit , always brings regret that the audience had not been two thousand Congregationalists instead of the two who went their way with a firm conviction that Straight University is a place where the investment of a few thousand dollars of the Lord 's money would bring speedy and large returns . It is fortunate that in this case , as in the famous one of the deacon 's wife , all have not the same taste and judgment . The advocates of industrial training need not hoard their money because Straight has so little manual labor . Tougaloo will gladly and wisely use all they have to give . And those who hold that the moral and intellectual training of teachers and pastors is the only proper work of such schools , need not look askant at the workshops of Tougaloo , lest some of their benefactions should be spent for saws or anvils or solder , while Straight is crying out for room to hold those who want exactly that kind of training . * CLOSING EXERCISES AT TILLOTSON . * Of the six chartered institutions of the A. M. A ., Fisk , Atlanta , Talladega , Tougaloo , Straight and Tillotson , the last is the youngest , the most remote and the most deprived of Northern aid and sympathy . In plan and aim its work is identical with theirs ; in quantity its work is less , because , in part , it has less resources , but in quality we believe our closing exercises would show our work at least not inferior to some of the others . Our examinations occupied the whole of Friday and extended through Monday and Tuesday forenoons . The questionings through which the students passed were not only creditable to them and their instructors , but satisfactory to visiting teachers and others invited to join in testing their knowledge of the studies pursued . The exhibition of the sewing and the practice of the calisthenic class attracted special attention . On Saturday , May 26 , came Tillotson Day , designed , like Alumni Associations , to foster in the minds of present and past students , not only a love of the institution , but of the great work of educating and uplifting the colored people . Last year the day was inaugurated with a programme a little more extended than that of this year . Among other speakers then Miss M. J. Adams , our first matron and now our special missionary , gave reminiscences and a gracefully written narrative of the opening of the school in January , 1881 . Mrs. Judge Garland read a valuable paper on the work done by Tillotson in connection with her own school in another part of the city . In ‘ 81 she sent her older classes up to the Institute . The next year her large school outside was considered a part of us and so counted in the catalogue . In ‘ 83 she joined our teaching force , naturally attracting many of her old pupils within our walls . In ‘ 84 and ‘ 85 she took other work , but neither herself nor Judge Garland has lost interest in the welfare of the Institute . This year the Rev . Dr. Wright , our only trustee in Austin , gave us an excellent address , concluding with extracts from Mr. Tillotson 's letters and a very interesting account of the procuring of the site on which our building now stands , generally thought to be the finest and most conspicuous in the city . After this came a few words from one of the Faculty , and four short speeches from as many representatives of the students , after which came refreshments and a social time on the grounds . On Sunday morning the president preached before the students the closing sermon of the year . On Tuesday evening the annual concert and exhibition was given to a full house and an enthusiastic audience . The commencement exercises of Wednesday , consisting of essays , original orations and musical pieces , not only brought out the ability and attainments of the students , but seemed to impress patrons , friends and visitors present , with the quality of the work done and the standard maintained at Tillotson . In spite of some disappointment caused by the great severity of last year 's drought , our numbers have somewhat increased and the year has been a good one . Never has the work of Christian education , in which the A. M. A . is engaged , seemed so absolutely necessary as at this hour in uplifting the people and purifying the churches . H. L. H . THE INDIANS . We are in the midst of the closing exercises of school for the year past . Some three or four hundred Indians , chiefly relatives of pupils , are now encamped about us . These have come some as far as ninety miles , and some few a hundred and twenty-five miles , to attend the exercises and take their children home . T. L . RIGGS , OAHE , DAK . SEWING WOMEN AT FORT BERTHOLD . To one coming in sight of the Berthold Mission , curiosity would be aroused by the sight of blanketed forms , two or three together , not walking side by side , but gliding along , one after another , with rapid steps toward the mission-house . It is the afternoon of the Women 's Sewing Meeting , and , although it does not begin until two o'clock , by one the room is generally full — yes , crowded , so that , in passing around among them , one has to stumble quite often over feet which have no place of retreat . We do not pretend to offer chairs to all . The floor holds as many without chairs as with , even tables and wood-box do not remain empty , but perched on each are the blanketed forms , from many of which the blankets have not fallen , at least not more than to show the face or head . Here the women sit patiently . After sewing about two hours , the thimbles and needles are gathered up , the names taken , or something to designate each one , and each one 's desires discovered : tea , sugar , or coffee , for this is a strong point where these women show their heathenism . Some portion of God 's truth and some help to a better life is then given to them in Gros Ventres and Ree ; prayer offered , and they receive their little bag or package of tea , coffee or sugar . It has been a busy afternoon , and we are all tired , but it pays , O , how it pays , a thousand times over ! AN INDIAN CHURCH SOCIABLE . Do Indians have sociables ? Indians like to visit , and they do enjoy a good supper . With these two qualifications , what else is necessary for a sociable ? Some women to do the work . The women of the Women 's Native Missionary Society , of Yankton Agency , are not lazy , nor are they slow in devising ways and means of making money ; therefore , on the evening of Feb. 22 , they had a sociable and charged 25 cents for supper . The cooking was done at the homes of Mrs. Brazeau , Mrs. Aungie , and Mrs. Williamson . The provisions were donated by the members of the society . A number of the women gave chickens , others flour , coffee , ham , potatoes , canned fruit , sugar , and some gave money with which to buy whatever was needed . Each one that gave something had her supper free . The moving of the printing office furniture to Santee left a large empty room ; and as this room joins the school-room , it was a very convenient place in which to have the supper . A barrel of water was hauled ; a woman hired to scrub the floor , and table and table-cloths were borrowed . The trader very obligingly lent dishes out of his store . Janet , Gertie and Esther were busy all the afternoon setting tables , and getting ready for the evening 's reception . Towards evening the provisions came . Each woman was then to take her place — one to cut meat , one to cut pie and cake , another to wash dishes , and others to wait on the tables . Angie Cordier and Janet Strieker , who have been away to school , were quite expert in waiting on tables , and some of the young gentlemen who have been away were quite expert in calling for this and that . But none could equal the old man who had never spent a day of his life in school . This old man had borrowed 50 cents to take himself and friend to supper . He ate all that was given him , then called for potatoes . His plate was filled again and again with potatoes — and still he called for potatoes . During the afternoon two young braves are riding around on their ponies . They halt before the windows . At last they gather up enough courage to ask if they can have supper and pay for it in the future . They have no money now , but are going to work and get some money , then they will pay . “ No . We do not sell on credit . ” Soon after dark , the school-room began to fill up with women and their babies . A man comes with his little girl and mother-in-law , and borrows 50 cents to pay for the supper . He would also have brought his wife , but she could not leave home . Some eat their supper and leave . Others are sitting in the school-room looking at pictures and talking a very little , but it is rather stiff . The door opens and in walk the Doctor and Agency Clerk . No more stiffness after this . Those would be hard hearts indeed that would not thaw in the presence of these genial countenances . Other white people come . The Captain with his family take supper . He also brings in some of the outsiders who are looking in at the windows , and pays for their suppers . The Issue Clerk is quick to see the day-school children , who are peeping in at the window , and calls them in to give them their suppers . The ladies from the Government Boarding School come , bringing some of the larger children with them . These boys and girls , however , have earned money and pay for their own supper . A lady from the store building passes around some tiny round blocks . “ What is it , candy ? ” “ No . Put it in your mouth , ” “ Gum ! Do you chew gum ? ” “ No , but a gentleman who was visiting us a short time since left us a supply as his parting gift . ” When the fire is stirred with a long stick , one gentleman remarks that he admires that poker very much . A few days afterwards a handsome new iron poker comes to the school-room . The whole school give a vote of thanks to the donor of the poker . During the evening there is music and reading of selections . Talking can be taken part in by all , and laughing is done in a common language . Whether the name of it is English or Vernacular , we do not know . The evening passes all too quickly , and one by one they depart to their homes . The money is counted , $ 21. 50 cleared . The women feel that their supper has been a success . The last one but the school-teacher has left . There is something sublimely grand in being alone at midnight in a house that was only a short time before full of life and mirth . One has a desire to sit and look on the moonlight and dream . But it is more practical to straighten up the school-room and go home . FROM THE WORD CARRIER . THE CHINESE . * ITEMS . * 1 . The item of greatest importance to us is the establishment of a mission at Los Angeles . The A. M. A . was first on this field , having had a prosperous and useful mission school there , more than fourteen years ago . But early in 1876 Rev . Ira M. Condit , a missionary returned from China , well versed in the Chinese language , went with his family to that city to open a mission under the Presbyterian Board . In the belief that , with such advantages , better work could be done by them than by us , we transferred our mission to them , pupils , teacher and all . I have seen much reason since to doubt the wisdom of this step , and to feel that I should never repeat it . But the open doors have been too numerous , and the pressure from points where there seemed to be none to care for these souls , has been too great , for me to think of using any of our limited resources for the purpose of crowding in where brethren of another name were working . And it is only because the city has now become so large , and the Chinese population in it covers so great an area , and the number of our own brethren there is so considerable , and their appeal for a mission so urgent , and their assurance so full that it could not now be a rival to other missions , but rather a welcome co-worker with them , that I consented to resume . The result is gratifying indeed . No less than seventy-five were enrolled as pupils the first month . An Association of Christian Chinese has been formed , having already a large membership , and the purpose and promise of vigorous Christian work . The teacher in charge of the mission is Mrs. C. A . Sheldon , long connected with our work in San Francisco , and than whom no teacher ever employed by us endeared herself more to her pupils or wrought more successfully on their behalf . We have reason to believe that from the start the evangelistic spirit will be strong in this mission , and I look to see many turning from darkness to light , and from the power of Satan unto God . 2 . The next item of greatest interest relates to our new mission at Tucson , Arizona . It closed its operations for this fiscal year with the month of May , not because of any decrease of interest , but for the reason that the extreme heat of the summer months at that place forbids exertion , and compels alike in things religious and things secular , a long vacation . Here , too , an “ Association ” has been formed of eleven members , who in joining it , forsake idolatry and profess themselves followers of Christ . The work has been greatly furthered through the deep interest taken in it by the pastor , Rev . H. H . Cole , and many members of his church . Yong Jin , one of our evangelists , has spent nearly two months with this mission , and I give in his own language an account of the closing exercises : “ Last evening we had a pleasant time , and invited all of the Sunday-school teachers and some other friends to come to the school-room with us . It has over forty Americans and over twenty Chinese , make the room full of people . Our brethren or scholars recite some Scriptures , and I read a report on what I think . ” Then follows his report , from which I quote a few sentences : “ This school was founded on the 24th of January , 1888 , and now has twenty-three scholars , but only fourteen or fifteen usual attend . Several of these scholars have improved greatly . I think that Mr. J. Kavanagh is a very good teacher , and hope God will give him good health when he goes to Hot Springs . And also , they had very good and kind Sunday-school teachers , who taught them how to read and sing . They sing on Wednesday evening , too . You help our Chinese very much , for which we thank you , and we never will forget you or your kindness . I think Mr. Cole is a kind and faithful pastor . He called our Chinese to come to church to hear him pray and preach , and sometimes he came to the school-room , and talked to them and taught them the words of the Lord Jesus . ” The programme for the evening had no less than twenty-six different exercises , each one , of course , brief , but there was much prayer , much singing both in English and Chinese , one or two brief addresses , much reciting of Scripture and to close with , refreshments abundant and toothsome , provided by the pupils for their guests . The work will be resumed when the heats of summer are past , and I believe that the next year 's work will be even more fruitful than this . 3 . My items become chapters in spite of me . I must content myself with one more , a brief extract from a letter from Mrs. Carrington , our devoted and successful teacher at Sacramento . “ I asked you a few months ago to pray for Fong Bing . Through the blessing of God , he has come into the light , and is one of the earnest ones . Now I wish you to especially remember Lee Young , who wishes to be a Christian , but thinks he must wait till he returns from China . I hope he will not wait , but will soon be one with us in Christ . ” Will our readers join us in this prayer ? WM . C. POND BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . MISS D. E . EMERSON , SECRETARY . WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . CO-OPERATING WITH THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . ME .— Woman 's Aid to A. M. A ., Chairman of Committee , Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , Woodfords , Me . VT .— Woman 's Aid to A. M. A ., Chairman of Committee , Mrs. Henry Fairbanks , St. Johnsbury . Vt . VT .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. Ellen Osgood , Montpelier , Vt . CONN .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. S. M . Hotchkiss , 171 Capitol Ave ., Hartford , Conn . N. Y .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. William Spalding , Salmon Block , Syracuse , N. Y . ALA .— Woman 's Missionary Association , Secretary , Mrs. G. W . Andrews , Talladega , Ala . OHIO .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. Flora K. Regal , Oberlin , Ohio . IND .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. C. H . Rogers , Michigan City , Ind . ILL .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. C. H . Taintor , 151 Washington St ., Chicago , Ill . MICH .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. Mary B. Warren , Lansing , Mich . WIS .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. C. Matter , Brodhead , Wis . MINN .— Woman 's Home Miss . Society , Secretary , Mrs. H. L . Chase , 2 , 750 Second Ave ., South , Minneapolis , Minn . IOWA .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Miss Ella E. Marsh , Grinnell , Iowa . KANSAS .— Woman 's Home Miss . Society , Secretary , Mrs. Addison Blanchard , Topeka , Kan . NEB .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , President , Mrs. F. H . Leavitt , 1216 H St ., Lincoln , Neb . SOUTH DAKOTA .— Woman 's Home Miss , Union , Secretary , Mrs. S. E . Young , Sioux Falls , Dak . We would suggest to all ladies connected with the auxiliaries of State Missionary Unions , that funds for the American Missionary Association be sent to us through the treasurers of the Union . Care , however , should be taken to designate the money as for the American Missionary Association , since undesignated funds will not reach us . We are glad to note that the ladies of Vermont in organizing a State Missionary Union , have been careful of the interests of the American Missionary Association in the support of the McIntosh school , the following resolutions having been passed by a rising vote . “ RESOLVED , That the ladies of the Congregational churches of Vermont desire to express their appreciation of the service rendered by the committee appointed five years ago to have in charge funds for the McIntosh school , under the care of the American Missionary Association . The members of that committee have done their work faithfully and effectively , and we feel that we cannot honor them more than by asking them to continue in the work , and thus assist officers of the newly-formed Union , pledging ourselves anew to help them bear the burden and to respond heartily to their calls . ” * NOTES FROM MISS COLLINS . * Elias , our native helper , preached a good sermon this morning . Usually on each Saturday night he comes here to ask questions in regard to the meaning of the parables or stories of the Bible . To-day , however , he quite outdid himself . The lesson was from the story of the Wise Men and the Star . He read the story and explained it . Then he said , “ Christ is not on earth now in bodily form . There is no bright star placed in the heavens to guide us to him , or to show us the way to him , but , ( holding up the Bible ) here is our guiding star . This is the only light that can enlighten our dark minds . This will show us where to find Christ . We may try to civilize men with law , but it can only be done with the Gospel . You do not care to be told that you are sinners , but you rejoice to hear that you may be saved . ” His exhortation was really fine , and yet he seems ordinarily a very common-place man . His little girl has been near the gates of death , but has been miraculously spared , and it has been a means of grace to the parents . The little baby , Mary Clementine , ( my only namesake ) , is not yet very strong ; a relapse may take her off at any time . If it is God 's will I hope she may be spared . This afternoon Elias went up to hold services at the Upper Station and I took charge of the meeting here . I told them something of the mission work in Africa . All seemed greatly interested . A son-in-law of Sitting-Bull and wife came here to-day with their sick baby . They drove twenty miles to see me . The poor baby is very sick and suffered very much . I can hear its moans and cries now . I did all I could for it , but it is a forty-mile ride to visit it and I had to give medicine for a week . They will bring it again in a week . O , how I pity these poor helpless people ! This man , One-Bull , has been baptized by the Catholics . He is the Chief of Police . His wife is Sitting-Bull 's daughter or niece . Sitting-Bull is called the greatest medicine-man they have , and now in their helplessness they come here to me . Surely God is opening these homes and hearts very wide . OUR YOUNG FOLKS . THE TRUE BLUE CARD . BY SARAH MAY . “ Why are you laughing so here all alone , Auntie ? ” said Ralph Hill , as he came into a room where Inez Hill sat reading a letter and laughing till the tears ran down her cheeks . “ Do tell me , please . It must be so funny — and what are all these blue cards ? ” “ One thing at a time , Ralph , ” said Aunt Inez . “ I 'll read you the letter I was laughing at and then tell you about the blue cards , for they go together . The letter is from a dear friend who is teaching the colored children in the South . It tells of her first attempts with them . I 'll not read it all . Listen : ” My Dear Old Friend : I must tell you to-day about my promising pupil , Nan . I am learning patience whether she learns anything or not . One day I overheard Nan and Lila ( the pretty mulatto girl I told you about ) talking together about like this : “ Nan , ” said Lila , “ do you want to learn to read like white folks ? ” “ Course I do , ” laughed Nan . “ Hi yi , ho yo , but how 's I ever goin ’ to ? ” “ Miss Kitty learn us , ” said Lila . “ Heard her tell Miss Lizzy so . Me and you are going to her room after sun-down , and she 'll learn us a lesson . I 've learned right smart now . Know the a b c , and can spell a heap . It 's ‘ mazin ’ good . ” Nan opened her big eyes as Lila went one , than gave a quick toss of her head and said : “ Feels mighty peart and proud like , Lile , over your larnin ’ . Reckon some other folks can learn too , if they wants to . ” Nan is not a very quiet pupil . She has queer remarks to make about each letter as I point it out . I told her the first letter was A . She made a funny courtesy , and said : “ Mighty glad to make your ‘ quaintance , Massa A . Been wantin ’ to know you long time ago . ” “ That is B , Nan , ” I continued . “ B , ” she screamed , “ Oh ! I feared of him . Will he sting ? Done got my eyes all stunged up with them bees once . Could n't see nothin ’ for a week . Fac — Miss . ” “ I do n't like X , ” she burst forth , “ he 's like Miss Lizzy when I 's done broke sumthin ’ , so cross . ” In spite of her chattering and her capers , Nan learned all her letters that night . Teacher and scholar were astonished and delighted at her success . The next evening , however , showed that Nan could forget as quickly as she learned . “ Nan ! What is that letter ? ” I asked , pointing to A . “ Dunno , Miss . ” “ What is that round letter ? ” “ Done forgot , Miss Kitty . ” “ Well , what is that letter that looks like Miss Lizzy when she 's cross ? ” “ I disremember . ” And thus it was all through the alphabet . Nan had forgotten the whole . She could not be persuaded to try again . “ Laws , Miss Kitty , ” she cried . “ I'se done learnt ‘ em onct . Does white peoples learn ‘ em twicet ? ” “ Yes , Nan , ” said I . “ If they forget the first time . ” “ Sho , ” said she with a queer twist of her black face . “ I 'd be ‘ shamed to learn it twict . Ef ‘ twont stay in dis head first time , ‘ ta n't no good . ” So I concluded to let the alphabet go for awhile and try spelling . Nan learned this also quickly at first . After she had learned to spell cat and many other words , I said , “ Now , Nan , I 'll teach you to spell ‘ Kitty . ’ ” “ Oh , I knows . Miss Kit , ” she interrupted , “ Lemme spell , Ise-self . Must be cat wid de tail cut off . C — A — Kitty . ” After awhile as Lila progressed and read stories to Nan , the little rogue “ wisht ” she could read too . “ Could n't see no use in dat yaller gal gittin ’ so fur ahead . ” When she found she could only read by learning those little things that “ bobbed so spry into a body 's head and hopped out a heap quicker , ” then she reckoned she 'd have to come to it . She tried once more . It was a long time before she could call the letters and spell out words , and it was many months before she could read at all without spelling . It was hard work for Nan and harder for her teacher . Before she had half looked at a word she would hear a blackbird or see a hawk after a chicken , or she thought “ sure , Miss Lizzy called . ” I tried to have patience and in the end I conquered . Nan was “ mighty proud ” when she read the last page of her primer . “ Do n't think much of that ole book , no how , ” she said . “ Got it all in here now . Spect I 'd better be spry an ’ git inter nex ’ book fore I disremember this ere . ” I begin to hope that both Lila and Nan are beginning a Christian life . But oh ! it takes so long for seed to grow in soil that has been trampled on for years . But I hear Nan now singing the chorus of an old war song , still sung by the colored folks : “ We 're coming , Father Abraham , Three hundred thousand more . ” And I will believe it . There are more than three hundred thousand just such ignorant girls and boys . They “ will come ” if we go after them . Do “ pray and pay ” for us . Yours , KITTY . Ralph enjoyed the letter so much that he forgot for once to ask a question until his aunt took up a blue card and handed it to him . “ Oh , yes , ” he exclaimed . “ Now tell me about the cards . ” “ Read it , ” said his aunt . Ralph read as follows : “ The A. M. A . True Blue Card . ” “ Oh , I know , ” said Ralph . “ A. M. A . ( ama ) means love those . I had it in my Latin lesson this week . ” “ Love those , is it ? ” questioned Miss Hill . “ Pretty good meaning that for our abbreviations . A. M. A .— the Love Them Society ; it means just that . Love your neighbors , love your brothers . ” “ What brothers ? ” inquired Ralph . “ I have n't any ; wish I had . ” “ Yes , you have , my boy , ” answered Miss Hill . “ You have red , white , black , and yellow brothers , and this ‘ A. M. A . ’ is to help them to read , to work on the farm and in the house , to learn trades , and to know the best things . Your black brothers are the negroes who live in all the South , the yellow are the Chinese in California , the red are the Indians in the Territories , in the schools of Hampton , and the whites are in the mountains of Kentucky and Tennessee . All these little books that I will show you tell about these brothers and sisters . Now read the card . Read it all . THE A. M. A . “ TRUE BLUE ” CARD . SPACED FOR COLLECTING FIVE CENTS . For each five cents collected , prick a hole with a pin in one of the squares below — each space representing that sum . Letters from the “ Children 's Missionary ” will be sent to each collector upon returning the card with amount of collection — not less than Five Dollars . Six of these cards will entitle the collector to a Life Membership in The American Missionary Association . “ GATHER UP THE FRAGMENTS , THAT NOTHING BE LOST . ” Following this is a large square containing one hundred small squares , which are the ones to be pricked . Ralph read the card very distinctly and carefully , and then said , “ O Auntie , may I have one to prick . ” “ Indeed you may , ” answered Miss Hill . “ I was just wishing for a young collector . When will you begin ? ” “ Oh , right off , ” exclaimed Ralph , impulsively . Then taking the card he approached Aunt Inez with a low bow and said , “ Miss Hill , I called to see if you would not like to give me a small sum , five or ten cents for the poor negro . ” “ You 'll do , ” said Aunt Inez , smilingly , handing Ralph the ten cents , while he energetically pricked two very distinct holes in the blue card . “ There , ” continued Ralph , “ Now see if I do n't get a missionary letter for the next Sunday-school concert . Before the year is out , I 'll be a life member of the A. M. A . ” Is there any other boy or girl who would like to be a collector ? If so , please raise hands . — The Advance . RECEIPTS FOR JUNE , 1888 MAINE , $ 1021. 72 . Andover . Mrs. E. M. Bailey , Box of Minerals , for Tillotson C. and N. Inst . Bangor . Central Cong . Ch . 75. 00 Bangor . Central Cong . Ch ., 20 ; Sab . Sch . Hammond St . Ch ., 10 ; for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 30. 00 Biddeford . Primary Dep't . Sab . Sch . of Second Cong Ch ., for Woman 's Work 13. 00 Brunswick . Sab . Sch . of Cong Ch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 1. 00 Castine . Rev . A. E . Ives 3. 00 Center Minot . Cong . Ch ., to const . ELISHA HALL L. M . 30. 00 Ellsworth . Mrs C. J . Perry 's S. S. Class , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 3. 75 Fort Fairfield . Cong . Ch . 7. 50 Gorham . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 56. 18 Kennebunk . Union Cong . Ch . and Soc . 27. 55 Machias . Centre St ., Cong . Ch . 6. 51 New Gloucester . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 100. 00 Orono . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 15. 00 Otisfield . Miss Sally Spurr 1. 00 Portland . William W. Mitchell 25. 00 Portland . Bethel Sab . Sch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 1. 00 Waterford . First Cong . Ch . 5. 36 Windham Hill . For Freight 2. 00 Woodfords . Cong . Ch . and Parish 85. 00 —— “ A Friend , ” for Mountain Work 5. 00 —— “ A Friend ” 0. 50 Woman 's Aid to A. M. A ., by Mrs C. A . Woodbury , Treas , for Woman 's Work . Alfred . Cong . Ch . 7. 50 Augusta . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 Bangor . Hammond St. Ch . 15. 25 Bangor . First Ch . 11. 00 Bath . Winter St. Ch . 34. 25 Belfast . 3. 00 Benton Falls . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Biddeford . Second Ch . 20. 25 Biddeford . Pavillion Ch . 17. 50 Boothbay . 9. 00 Brewer . First Ch . 27. 00 Brewer Village . Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Bristol . 3. 00 Bucksport . Cong . Ch . 13. 13 Cornish . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Falmouth . Second Ch . 10. 00 Freedom . 5. 00 Freedom . Mrs. Cutter 5. 00 Gardiner . 13. 00 Gardiner . Miss Hattie A. Capen 1. 00 Holden . 8. 00 Houlton . 9. 25 Island Falls . 2. 80 Kenduskeag . 5. 00 Kennebunk . Cong . Ch . 8. 00 Limerick . 15. 00 Limington . Willing Workers 7. 00 Litchfield . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Litchfleld . Mrs. Stupirt 1. 50 Madison . “ A Friend ” 1. 00 New Castle . 15. 25 New Vineyard . 1. 35 North Bridgton . 7. 00 Paris . 9. 68 Phillips . 2. 50 Phillips . Mrs. C. T . Crosby 's S. S. Class , “ Glad Helpers , ” for Freight 1. 32 Portland . Seaman 's Bethel 17. 25 Rockland . W. H. M. S . 20. 00 Sanford . 8. 75 Sandy Point . 1. 30 Searsport . 15. 00 Skowhegan . 10. 00 South Berwick , To const . MISS LOIS R. HAYES and MRS. MARIA L. RICKER L. M . ' s 61. 99 Strong . 1. 65 Topsham . 6. 00 Wells . First Ch . 10. 00 Wells . Second Ch . 14. 05 West Brooksville . 1. 60 West Lebanon . 11. 25 York . First Ch . 23. 00 York . Second Ch . 3. 00 ——— -  528. 37 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 635. 08 . Auburn . Mrs. Sally Coult 10. 00 Bennington . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 10. 00 Boscawen . “ Crescent City Helpers ” for Student Aid , Straight U . 25. 00 Derry . First Cong . Ch . 47. 47 Derry . Mrs. Wm . Anderson , 5 ; Miss Mary Anderson , 1 ; for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 6. 00 Dover . First Ch . 92. 27 Exeter . Mrs. John L. Lovering , for Freight 3. 00 Fitzwilliam . Mrs. L. Hill , 10 ; Mrs. Fanny Hancock , 5 15. 00 Franklin Falls . “ A Friend , ” for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 47. 80 Hancock . Anne A . Hills 0. 50 Henniker . Cong . Ch . 31. 00 Keene . S. S. Class , Second Cong . Ch ., by J. C. Haskell , for Oahe Indian M. 20. 00 Littleton . Mrs. B. W . Kilborn , for Atlanta U . 5. 00 New Ipswich . A. N . Townsend , Box of C . North Hampton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 20. 00 North Hampton . “ J. L. P . ” 5. 00 Penacook . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Woman 's Work 10. 00 Plaistow and North Haverhill . Cong . Ch ., 130 ; Mrs. E. W . Merrill , 50 180. 00 Portsmouth . North Ch . and Soc . 83. 04 Rindge . Members Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., by A. M. Hale 10. 00 Sanbornton . Cong . Ch . 9. 00 Webster . Mrs. Buxton 5. 00 VERMONT , $ 414. 71 . Barre . Cong . Ch . 11. 65 Barton . Cong . Ch . 21. 23 Brandon . Cong Ch . and Soc . 7. 75 Bridport . Ladies , by Mrs. Ellen D. Wild , for McIntosh , Ga. 18. 60 Cambridge . Madison Safford 5. 00 Duxbury . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Enosburg . Ladies , by Mrs. Ellen D. Wild , for McIntosh , Ga. 7. 00 Essex Junction . A. D. Wilcox 5. 00 Fair Haven . Cong . Ch . ( of which 26c . for Mountain White Work ) 14. 41 Fairlee . Harvey S. Colton 35. 00 Georgia . Ladies , for McIntosh , Ga ., by Mrs. Ellen D. Wild 18. 50 Granby . Infant Class , by H. W . Matthews , for Marie Adlof Sch'p Fund 0. 80 Greensboro . Ladies , by Mrs. Stephen Knowlton , for McIntosh , Ga. 13. 50 Johnson . Bbl . of C ., and 3. 50 for Freight , for McIntosh , Ga. 3. 50 Manchester . Cong . Ch ., 33. 52 ; Samuel G. Cone , 25 58. 52 Montpelier . Bethany Cong . Ch . 42. 54 Middlebury . Ladies , by Mrs. Emily C. Starr , for McIntosh , Ga. 25. 11 Middlebury . Mrs. Mary W. Mead 2. 00 Pittsford . —— 20. 00 Pittsford . Mrs. E. H. Denison 5. 00 Rochester . “ A Friend , ” for McIntosh , Ga. 8. 00 Rupert . —— 2. 00 Rutland . Mrs. Wm . D. Marsh , 60 , to const . REV . S. A. BARRETT and REV . M. A . WARNER L. M 's 60. 00 Weston . Mrs. S. A. Sprague , 2 ; L. P. Bartlett , 2 ; C. W . Sprague , 1 5. 00 $ 393. 11 LEGACY . Jericho . Estate of Hosea Spaulding , C. M . Spaulding , 10 ; A. C. Spaulding , 5 ; Nellie M. Percival , 3 ; E. J . Spaulding , 3 21. 60 $ 414. 71 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 6 , 663. 58 . Acton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 10. 00 Amherst . Wm . M. Graves , 20 ; “ A Friend , ” 10 30. 00 Andover . Teachers and Pupils of Abbot Academy , 115 ; Chapel Ch . and Soc ., 48 ; West Cong . Ch ., 41. 68 204. 68 Andover . Jos . W. Smith , for Atlanta U . 50. 00 Ashfield . “ A Friend ” 1. 00 Boston . Mrs. Isaac Sweetser , 500 ; Old So . Ch ., 294. 50 ; Fred L. Ames , 100 ; Francis H. Peabody , 100 ; Rev . Philips Brooks , D. D ., 100 ; Mrs. Quincy A. Shaw , 100 ; Nathaniel Thayer , 100 ; Jno . F. Andrew , 100 ; Chas . Francis Adams , 100 ; Mrs. C. A . Spaulding , 100 ; Boston National League , add'l , 60 ; Stephen W. Marston , 50 ; George Higginston , 50 ; Edmund Quincy , 50 ; Wm . S. Eaton , 50 ; Arthur T. Lyman , 30 : Eugene H. Clapp , 25 ; Jno . P. Almy , 25 ; Chas . F. Atkinson , 25 ; Frank J. Garrison , 20. 32 ; Jno . Haskell Butler , 20 ; “ A Friend , ” 10 ; A. S. Lovett ; 10 ; Jno . Albree , Jr ., 5 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 ; Miss . Z. E . Hollis , 1 ; Chas . O. Pratt , 1 , for Atlanta U . 2031. 82 Miss Jennie Ford , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 5. 00 “ Friends , ” by Miss Samson , for Straight U . 7. 00 Miss Elizabeth Davis 50. 00 “ A Friend ” 7. 50 Miss H. Carter 1. 00 Dorchester . Village Ch . and Soc . 40. 19 " Thomas Knapp 's S. S. Class , for Wilmington , N. C. 8. 00 " Miss Mary A. Tuttle , sales on her reprint of 1000 copies “ Judson 's Letter on Dress , ” toward $ 100 Fund , for Indian M. 4. 10 " Miss Mary A Tuttle , for Marie Adlof Sch'p Fund 2. 06 Jamaica Plain . Mrs. John Simpkins , for Atlanta U . 25. 00 Roxbury . Ladies of Immanuel Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 12. 00 West Roxbury . Sab . Sch . of So . Evan . Ch ., for McIntosh , Ga. 20. 00 " Ladies ’ Soc . of Evan . Ch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 15. 00 ——— -  2 , 228. 67 Brockton . Miss Louenza Bowen , 10 ; Miss Lavinia Bowen , 5 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 15. 00 Brockton . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc . of Porter Ch , 3 Bbls . C ., 3. 26 for Freight , also 9 for Tuition , Sherwood Acad ., Tenn. 12. 26 Braintree . First Ch . 18. 80 ; South Cong . Ch ., 14 32. 80 Campello . South Cong . Ch ., to const . MRS. GEORGE E. KEITH , MRS MYRON L. KEITH and MRS. GRACE HOLMES L. M 's 100. 00 Canton . Rev . Henry F. Jenks , for Atlanta U . 5. 00 Clinton C. L . Swan 50. 00 Easton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 37. 12 East Cambridge . Miss Mary F. Aiken , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 Easthampton . Sab . Sch ., of First Ch ., for Santee Indian M. 25. 00 Enfield . Cong . Ch . 60. 00 Fall River . Simeon B . Chase , for Atlanta U . 25. 00 Framingham . “ Quartette ," 50 ; “ Friends in Plymouth Ch , ” 23. 75 ; Sab . Sch . of Plymouth Ch ., 25. 65 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 20. 70 , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 120. 10 Gardner . J. B. Drury 10. 00 Greenfield . Second Cong . Ch ., 70. 32 ; MARTHA O. FARRAND , 30 , to const . herself L. M . 100. 32 Groton . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., for Freight 2. 00 Hanson . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 9. 46 Hinsdale . Pansy Soc . of Cong . Ch . 13. 00 Holliston . Bible Christians of Dist . No . 4 . 50. 00 Holliston . L. A. Claflin , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 1. 00 Housatonic . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 75. 15 Hyannis . Cong . Ch . 2. 25 Hyde Park . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 42. 75 ; Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., 46 88. 75 Ipswich . Linebrook Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Lowell . Eliot Ch . ( of which 26. 96 for Indian M .) 67. 89 Lowell . Woman 's Indian As'n , for Indian M. 18. 63 Lowell . First Cong . Sab . Sch ., Miss Mary Martin 's Class 10. 00 Ludlow . Sab . Sch . of Union Ch . 5. 00 Medford . Mystic Ch . and Soc . 101. 10 Mill River . M. R . Wilcox 10. 00 New Bedford . First Cong . Ch . 73. 89 Newbury . First Ch . 14. 47 Newton . Freedmen 's Aid Sewing Circle , for Atlanta U . 35. 00 Newton Center . The Misses Loring , 50 ; The Maria B. Furber Miss'y Soc ., 25 ; Geo . P Davis , 20 ; Sam'l F. Wilkins , 10 ; First Cong . Ch ., 25 ; Horace Cousens , 20 , for Atlanta U . 150. 00 Newtonville . Central Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 25. 00 North Amherst . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc . of Cong . Ch ., for Sherwood Academy , Tenn. 10. 00 North Leominster . “ Friend , ” for Indian M. 1. 00 Norton , Trin . Cong . Ch . 54. 82 Norton . Mrs. E. B . Wheaton , for Atlanta U . 50. 00 Norwood . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., for Woman 's Work 20. 00 Peabody . South Cong . Ch . 69. 00 Pittsfield . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 53 ; South Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 17. 72 70. 72 Randolf . Miss Abby W. Turner , 50 ; Miss Alice M. Turner , 50 ; “ Two Friends , ” 10 ; for Atlanta U . 110. 00 Reading . Cong . Ch ., 18 ; E. P . Damon , 6 24. 00 Reading . Mrs. Z. M . Heselton , Bbl . of C ., for Tougaloo U . Rehoboth . Cong . Ch . 8. 50 Salem . Sab . Sch . of Tabernacle Cong . Ch ., 50 ; Dr. J. A . Emmerton , 10 ; “ A Friend , ” 50 , for Atlanta U . 110. 00 Salem . Young Ladies ’ Soc . of So . Ch ., 20 for Tougaloo U ., 20 for Santee Indian Sch . 40. 00 Somerville . Primary Dept . Sab . Sch . Prospect Hill Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid and furnishing , Straight U . 12. 00 South Hadley . Mt . Holyoke Sem ., 25 ; First Cong . Ch ., 21 46. 00 South Hadley . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., First Cong . Ch ., for Tougaloo U . 20. 00 South Wellfleet . Second Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Springfield . Miss Spring and Miss Merriam , for Indian M. 20. 00 Springfleld . Memorial Ch ., Box of S. S. Books , for Thomasville , Ga . Sutton . First Cong . Ch . 37. 38 Waltham . Mrs. Luce 's S. S. Class , for Student Aid , Storrs Sch . 2. 00 Waltham . Mrs. Luce 0. 25 Walpole . Ortho . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 52. 32 Ware . “ Little Sunbeams , ” for Birds ’ Nest , Indian M. 25. 00 Watertown . Sab . Sch . of Philips Ch ., for Atlanta U . 50. 00 Watertown . Mrs. Mary Cummings 0. 50 Wellesley . M. A . Stevens 10. 00 West Andover . S. W . Smith , for Tillotson C. & N. Inst . 3. 00 West Boylston . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 19. 05 West Brookfield . Cong . Ch . 54. 75 West Medford . Cong . Ch . 16. 26 Westminster . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 43. 00 West Newton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 20. 00 West Newton . Sab . Sch . Second Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. 50. 00 West Springfleld . Second Cong . Ch . 25 ; “ Willing Workers ” of Sab . Sch ., 8 , for Lexington , Ky. 33. 00 Westport . Pacific Union Cong . Ch . 13. 00 West Warren . Mrs. W. D . Marsh , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Weymouth . O. W . Allen 's S. S. Class , for Jellico , Tenn. 4. 00 Weymouth and Braintree . Union Cong . Ch . 100. 00 Whitinsville . Mrs. S. G. Whitin , 100 ; Edward Whitin , 100 ; Wm . H. Whitin , 100 , for Atlanta U . 300. 00 Williamstown . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 25 , “ A Friend , ” 5 , for Atlanta U . 30. 00 Wilmington . Dea . Levi Manning 2. 00 Winchester . First Ch . and Soc ., 19. 40 ; Miss P. Stevens , 1 20. 40 Winchendon . North Cong . Ch . 94. 52 Winchendon . Atlanta Soc ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 45. 00 Worcester . Union Ch ., 220. 19 ; J. M . Bassett , 100 ; Salem St . Ch ., qr ., 19 ; Geo . W. Ames , 3 ; Polly W. Ames , 3 345. 19 Worcester , E. A . Goodnow , 100 ; “ Unknown Child , ” 7 cts ., for Atlanta U . 100. 07 Worcester . Sab . Sch . of Piedmont Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 156. 73 Yarmouth . First Cong . Ch . 49. 58 —— “ A Friend ” 5. 00 $ 6 , 263. 58 LEGACY . Worcester . Estate of Marshall S. Ballord , by A. H. Ballord , Ex . 400. 00 $ 6 , 663. 58 CLOTHING , ETC . RECEIVED AT BOSTON OFFICE . Alstead , N. H. Children 's Mission Circle , One Quilt , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn . Exeter , N. H. Mrs. John L. Lovering , Bbl . of C ., for Tougaloo U . Cambridgeport , Mass . Pilgrim Ch . Sewing Circle , Case , for Tougaloo U . Chelsea , Mass . C. A . Richardson , Books . Gloucester , Mass . Mary Brooks , Bundle . Groton , Mass . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., Case for Louisville , Ky . North Brookfield , Mass . First Cong . Ch ., Bbl ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn . Shrewsbury , Mass . Mrs. J. S . Cleaveland , Box , for Dakota Indian M . Waltham , Mass . By Mrs. Luce , Pkg ., for Atlanta U . RHODE ISLAND , $ 1 , 031. 55 . Newport . Bbl ., for Williamsburg , Ky . Providence . Cong . Club , By Rev . J. H . McIlvaine , 50 ; North Cong . Ch ., 29. 05 79. 05 Providence . Sab . Sch . Pilgrim Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 $ 129. 05 LEGACY . Providence . Estate of Anthony B. Arnold , by John H. Cheever and W. Knight , Ex'rs $ 902. 50 $ 1 , 031. 55 CONNECTICUT , $ 2 , 488. 05 . Ashford . W. D . Carpenter 10. 00 Bethlehem . “ Willing Helpers , ” for Santee Indian Sch ., by Mrs. S. P . Hayes 1. 00 Bristol . Cong . Ch . ( 50 of which for Tougaloo U .) 84. 16 Bristol . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 13. 00 Bristol . Mission Circle , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 Canton Center . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 11. 00 Colchester . First Ch ., 33. 75 ; Sab . Sch . of First Ch ., 12. 25 ; Mrs. Erastus Day , 5 51. 00 Collinsville . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 17. 25 Danielsonville . Mrs. Sarah A. Backus 6. 00 East Hartford . First Ch . ( 5 of which for Indian M .) 20. 00 East Hartford . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch . 35. 00 Farmington . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Tougaloo U . 86. 41 Hadlyme . Cong . Ch . 10. 74 Hanover . Hanover Cong . Ch . 4. 24 Hanover . Hanover Sab . Sch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 2. 00 Hartford . Roland Mather , 500 ; First Ch ., 421. 66 ; “ L. C. D . ” , 100 1 , 021. 66 Hartford . The Parsonage Circle of Dr. Walker 's Ch . Bbl . and Box Bedding , etc ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga . Higganum . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Huntington . Cong . Ch . 8. 00 Huntington , Sab . Sch . of Cong , Ch ., for Atlanta U . .. 3. 00 Litchfield . First Cong . Ch . 25. 35 Lyme . Prof. E. E . Salisbury 50. 00 New Britain . Ladies Benev . Soc . So . Cong . Ch . 2 Boxes , for Williamsburg , Ky . New Haven . Henry C. Rowe , for Macon , Ga. 50. 00 New Haven . First Cong . Ch ., for Jones Kindergarten , Atlanta . Ga. 25. 00 New Haven . Sab Sch ., College St . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 15. 00 New Haven . Miss Fannie Skinner , for Freight 1. 00 New Haven . “ Friend in Center Ch ., ” for Indian M. 1. 00 New London . Mission Circle , by Luella Armstrong , for Indian M. 25. 00 New Preston . Cong . Ch ., add'l . 0. 25 Norfolk . Mary Eldridge , 25 ; Isabella Eldridge , 25 ; Alice B. Eldridge , 25 , for Atlanta U . 75. 00 Norfolk . Robbins Battell , for Talladega C. 25. 00 Northfield . Cong . Ch ., to const . MRS. J. M . SMITH L. M . 42. 16 North Haven . Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 25. 00 North Haven . E. Dickerman 2. 00 Norwich . Henry B. Norton , for Atlanta U . 50. 00 Norwich . “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Straight U . 12. 00 Old Saybrook . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 30. 00 Ridgefield . Cong . Ch . 13. 19 Rockville . Second Cong . Ch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 18. 81 Somers . Miss M. A . Langdon , for Macon , Ga. 0. 25 Southington . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 6. 45 , for Rosebud Indian M. Incorrectly ack . in July Number , from Mass . Stamford . First Cong . Ch ., to const . GEORGE W. TOMS , 3rd , L. M . 55. 67 Stonington . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 42. 00 Square Pond . —— 1. 00 Thomaston . Cong . Ch . 42. 85 Torrington . Benev . Soc . Third Cong Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 25. 00 Westport . Saugatuck Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 20. 00 ——. “ A Friend , ” for Talladega 25. 00 ——. “ Friends , ” for Indian M. 1. 06 $ 2 , 113. 05 LEGACY . New London . Trust Estate of Henry P. Haven , 150 for Atlanta U .; 125 for Talladega C .; and 100 for Tougaloo U . 375. 00 $ 2 , 488. 05 NEW YORK , $ 2 , 202. 74 . Alden . Mrs. C. F . Porter and “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 5. 00 Bergen . First Cong . Ch . 15. 83 Berkshire . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 72. 13 Brooklyn . South Cong . Ch ., 50 ; Puritan Ch ., 49 ; Hetty M. Wiggins , 50c . 99. 50 Brooklyn . S. V . White , 100 ; Mrs. E. H. Van Ingen , 50 ; John W. Mason , 50 ; for Atlanta U . 200. 00 Brooklyn . Lee Ave. Cong . Sab . Sch ., Carrie Strong , 2 ; Carrie Bingham , 2 , for Williamsburg , Ky. 4. 00 Brooklyn . Sewing Soc ., Plymouth Ch ., 2 Bbls . of C ., for Talladega C . Buffalo . Spencer Kellogg , for Jewett Memorial Fund 20. 00 Cambria Center . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Canandaigua . “ Friends , ” for Indian M. 150. 00 Cortland . Wm . H. Clark , for Atlanta U . 50. 00 Ellington . Mrs. Anson Crosby 1. 00 Flushing . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Oaks , N. C. 40. 00 Lima . Chas . D. Miner , Sen ., 10 ; H. C. Gilbert , 5 15. 00 Morrisville . “ A Friend , ” for Talladega C. 50. 00 Mount Vernon . B . B. Adams , Jr ., Box of Books , for Straight U . New York . “ A Friend ” 33. 00 New York . H. O . Armour , 100 ; Robbins Battell , 50 ; Chas . L. Colby , 20 , for Atlanta U . 170. 00 New York . W. R Huntington , D. D ., 20 ; Henry G. Marquand , 10 , for Atlanta U . 30. 00 New York . Mrs. Julia M. de Forest , for Talladega C. 50. 00 New York . Clarence F. Birdseye , for Indian Sch'p 17. 50 New York . C. L . Mead , 2 Pkgs Clothing ; J. H . Washburn , 2 Pkgs . Clothing Portland . Mr. and Mrs. John S. Coon 25. 50 Rochester . George Thayer 25. 00 Rodman . The Willing Workers , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 9. 00 Turin . Helen L. Thompson 4. 00 Warsaw . Cong . Ch . 16. 28 Waterford . C. N . Cobb , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 5. 00 Yaphank . Mrs. Hannah M. Overton 5. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. L. H . Cobb , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Walton . Woman 's Aux . 30. 00 ——— 30. 00 $ 1 , 152. 74 LEGACIES . Syracuse . Estate of Ira H. Cobb , by Nathan Cobb , Ex . 1 , 000. 00 New York . Estate of W. E. Dodge , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 50. 00 $ 2 , 202. 74 NEW JERSEY , $ 456. 03 . Bernardsville . Mrs. M. L . Roberts 40. 00 Jersey City . First Cong . Ch . ( Tabernacle ) 61. 08 Montclair . W. H. M. S . of First Cong . Ch ., for Tougaloo U . 75. 00 Montclair . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 Upper Montclair . Cong . Ch . 225. 75 $ 411. 83 LEGACY . Orange . Estate of John Hancock , by Rev . A. Stewart Walsh , Ex . 44. 20 $ 456. 03 PENNSYLVANIA , $ 122. 00 . Cannonsburg . “ A Friend , ” by Miss C. Phillips 1. 00 Lawrenceville . Mrs. A. C. Reed , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 100. 00 Mercersburg . Thomas C. Johnston 6. 00 Scranton . Mrs. Jane L. Eynon , for Indian Sch'p 15. 00 OHIO , $ 1 , 737. 49 . Akron . Cong . Ch . 96. 49 Brooklyn Village . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Byran . S. E . Blakeslee 5. 00 Canfield . Cong . Ch . 1. 75 Chagrin Falls . Sab . Sch , of Cong . Ch ., Box S. S. Papers , 2. 35 for Freight , for Tougaloo U . 2. 35 Charlestown . Rev . S. J . Donaldson 5. 00 Cincinnati . Mrs. Betsey E. Aydelott 5. 00 Claridon . First Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 16. 87 Claridon . Y. P. S. C. E ., for Ponies 1. 00 Cleveland . Jennings Av . Cong . Ch . 50. 00 Cleveland . Mrs. H. B . Spelman , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 25. 00 Cleveland . Sab . Sch ., Olivet Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 4. 10 Columbiana . Ladies ’ M. Soc . of Grace Ref . Ch ., for Ponies 3. 00 Elyria . First Cong . Ch . 149. 13 Farmdale . Isaac M. Newton 25. 00 Fort Recovery . “ Mite Soc . ” of Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Geneva . First Cong . Ch . 24. 54 Hudson . Cong . Ch . ( of which 2. 20 for Rosebud Indian M .) 10. 00 Hudson . Mrs. Harvey Baldwin 5. 00 Mansfield . First Cong . Ch ., 16. 86 ; F. E . Tracy , 9. 30 , for Student Aid , Tillotson C. & N. Inst . 26. 16 Mantua . Cong . Ch . 5. 70 Medina . “ G. D. B ., ” 50 cts . ; “ M. E. C ., ” 35 cts . 0. 85 Mesopotamia . Cong . Ch ., for Mountain White Work 5. 00 Mount Vernon . Cong . Ch . 50. 00 Oberlin . Jabez L. Burrell , for Fisk U . 1 , 000. 00 Oberlin . Mary Brand 1. 00 Olmsted . W. H. M. S . of Second Cong . Ch ., for Ponies 2. 00 Painesville . Mrs. A. N . Andrus 15. 00 Ragnor . Cong . Ch . 4. 87 Toledo . Sab . Sch . of Central Cong . Ch ., Flower Sunday Offering 4. 22 Toledo . Y. P. M. S . of First Cong . Ch ., 2 Doz . Towels , for Tillotson C. & N. Inst . Wadsworth . M. Jennie Hard 1. 00 Ohio Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. Phebe A. Crafts , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Akron . Cong . Ch ., W. H. M. S . 10. 00 Bellevue . L. M. S . 3. 65 Cleveland . Euclid Av . Ch . L. H. M. S . 20. 40 Cleveland . First Cong . Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E . 3. 14 Cleveland . First Cong . Ch ., Boys ’ and Girls ’ Mission Band 0. 63 Columbus . Eastwood Ch ., W. M. S . 21. 00 Cuyahoga Falls . H. M. S . of Cong . Ch . 7. 64 Edinburg . Sab . Sch ., Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Jefferson . Junior Miss . Circle 5. 00 Wauseon . Mite Soc ., Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Akron . S. S. of Cong . Ch ., for Pony Fund 5. 00 Cincinnati . Central Cong . Ch ., W. H. M. S ., for Pony Fund 4. 00 Elyria . “ Little Helpers , ” for Pony Fund 5. 00 Mansfield . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Pony Fund 10. 00 Oberlin . S. S. of First Ch ., for Pony Fund 5. 00 Oberlin . S. S. of Second Ch ., for Pony Fund 5. 00 Salem . Mrs. D. A . Allen , for Pony Fund 1. 00 Springfield . L. H. M. S ., Cong . Ch ., for Pony Fund 5. 00 Wellington . L. M. S ., for Pony Fund 5. 00 ———— -  125. 46 $ 1 , 687. 49 LEGACY . Nelson . Estate of Mrs. Mary A. Fuller , by C. C . Fuller 50. 00 $ 1 , 737. 49 INDIANA . $ 90. 23 . Bloomington . Mrs. A. B . Woodford , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Michigan City . Cong Ch . 60. 00 Michigan City . First Cong . Ch . 5. 23 ILLINOIS , $ 883. 54 Byron . Cong . Ch . 10. 17 Chandlerville . Cong . Ch . 9. 68 Chicago . Union Park Cong . Ch ., 142. 07 ; First Cong . Ch ., 115. 42 ; Millard Av . Cong . Ch ., 15 ; Miss M. A . Hand , 5 277. 49 Galena . Mrs. Ann Bean 2. 50 Galva . Cong . Ch . 25. 78 Granville . DEA . STEPHEN HARRISON , to const himself L. M . 30. 00 Ivanhoe . Cong . Ch . 28. 00 Lacon . Cong . Ch . 16. 00 La Prairie Center . “ A Friend ” 20. 00 Lewistown . Mrs. Myron Phelps 50. 00 Mendon . Mrs. J. Fowler , to const . W. H . GARRETT L. M . 40. 00 New Windsor . Cong . Ch . 8. 30 Oak Park . First Cong . Ch . 205. 24 Oglesby . T. T . Bent 5. 00 Peoria . For Student Aid , Mobile , Ala. 5. 00 Princeton . Cong . Ch ., 18 ; Mrs. P. B . Corss , 10 28. 00 Rockford . Rockford Sem . Miss'y Soc . 10. 00 Sparta . Bryce Crawford , 5 ; P. B . Gault , 1 ; James Hood , 1 ; D. B . Boyd , 1 ; R. H. Rosboro , 1 ; J. Alexander , 50c . ; W. Bartholomo , 50c . 10. 00 Streator . Mrs. L. H . Plumb , for Sch'p Fisk U . 50. 00 Summer Hill . Cong . Ch . 4. 10 Winnetka . Cong . Ch . 47. 78 Waukegan . First Cong . Ch . 5. 50 MICHIGAN , $ 184. 00 . Benzonia . Chas . F. Hopkins 1. 00 Calumet . Sab . Sch . of Cong Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 35. 00 Detroit . Miss Martha L. Miller , for Woman 's Work 30. 00 Detroit . Mrs. M. L . Miller , for Straight U . 5. 00 Kalamazoo . T. Hudson 100. 00 Manistee . Christian Endeavor Soc . of Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Memphis . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc . of First Cong . Ch ., for Athens , Ala . Nashville . Rev . F. Hurd 5. 00 Wheatland . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 WISCONSIN , $ 129. 98 . Beloit . L. Meacham 2. 50 Blakes Prairie . Cong . Ch . 2. 25 Clinton . John H. Cooper 5. 00 Genesee . Cong . Ch . 14. 30 Grand Rapids . Cong . Ch . 12. 78 Hammond . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Hayward . Cong . Ch . 5. 15 Lake Mills . Cong . Ch . 2. 75 Prairie du Chien . Cong . Ch . 2. 55 Princeton . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Wauwatosa . Cong . Ch . 51. 00 West Salem . Cong . Ch . 18. 70 IOWA , $ 380. 52 . Anamosa . “ Friends , ” by Miss M. A . George , 3 ; Mrs. E. M. Condit , 1 ; for Student Aid , Straight U . 4. 00 Cedar Rapids . Mrs. R. D . Stephens , for Student Aid , Straight U . 100. 00 Cedar Rapids . C. H . Morse 2. 00 Cherokee . R. H. Scribner , to const . MRS. CLARA MILLER L. M . 30. 00 Durant . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Savannah Ga . Eldon . “ Mary and Martha ” 3. 00 Garwin . Talmon Dewey 3. 20 Genoa Bluffs . Cong . Ch . 2. 56 Goldfield . C. Philbrook 3. 00 Marshalltown . Cong . Ch . 3. 82 Mitchell . First Cong . Ch . 1. 63 Osage . First Cong . Ch . 13. 60 Ottumwa . First Cong . Ch . 34. 03 Ottumwa . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., for Sch'p , Fisk U . 15. 00 Riceville . Z . Banks 2. 00 Sawyer . Francis Sawyer 20. 00 Sioux City . Pilgrim Ch . 5. 37 Stacyville . Cong . Ch ., 12 ; Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 3. 57 15. 57 Waterloo . Cong . Ch . 34. 04 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Iowa , for Woman 's Work : Charles City . L. M. S . 25. 00 Charles City . Mrs. D. Burnham 's S. S. Class 10. 00 Farragut . W. M. S . 10. 00 Genoa Bluffs . W. H. M. U . 1. 25 Iowa City . W. H. M. U . 23. 60 Marion . L. M. S . 5. 00 Mount Pleasant . 5. 20 Nora Springs . Mrs. H. B . Smith 0. 50 Osage . Y. P. S . of C. E . 5. 15 Sheldon . L. M. S . 2. 00 ———— 87. 70 MINNESOTA , $ 112. 46 . Anoka . Ladies M. Soc . of Cong . Ch ., for Woman 's Work 10. 00 Excelsior . Cong . Ch . 21. 10 Minneapolis . Plymouth Ch . 38. 00 Morris . Cong . Ch . 17. 76 Saint Paul . Mrs. M. J. Hackett , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 21. 50 Saint Paul . S. S. Class of Boys , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 1. 50 Spring Valley . Cong . Ch . 2. 60 MISSOURI , $ 26. 50 . Amity . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Holden . “ Mrs . S. E. H ., ” for Indian M. 3. 00 Neosho . Cong . Ch . 2. 50 Springfield . Central Cong . Ch . 11. 00 KANSAS , $ 48. 82 . Atwood . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Louisville . “ Cheerful Workers , ” by W. B . Foster 2. 40 Manhattan . Cong . Ch . 32. 42 Manhattan . “ Friends ” 10. 00 DAKOTA , $ 10. 00 . Henry . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Vermillion . Woman 's Miss'y Soc . 5. 00 NEBRASKA , $ 94. 64 . Campbell . Cong . Ch . 3. 03 Columbus . Cong . Ch . 5. 48 Genoa . Cong . Ch . 3. 70 Lincoln . First Cong . Ch . 54. 55 Linwood . Cong . Ch . 6. 92 Long Pine . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Monroe . Cong . Ch . 0. 96 South Bend . Rev . S. C. Dean 2. 00 Talmage . Cong . Ch . 13. 00 COLORADO , $ 53. 00 . Colorado Springs . First Cong . Ch . 53. 00 ARKANSAS , $ 3. 10 . Little Rock . First Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 3. 10 CALIFORNIA , $ 11. 00 . Berkeley . Mrs. L. P. Huggins 10. 00 Sonora . Mary B . Van Winkle 1. 00 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , $ 13. 41 . Washington . Lincoln Memorial Ch ., 8. 41 ; Tabernacle Ch ., 5 13. 41 KENTUCKY , $ 512. 03 . Lexington . Tuition . 492. 68 ; Rent , 9. 35 502. 03 Louisville . Woman 's M . Soc ., for Fort Berthold Indian M ., by Miss S. S. Evans 10. 00 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 187. 05 . Hillsboro . “ Friends , ” by Carrie B. Jones 1. 00 Nalls . Cong . Ch . 1. 50 Pekin . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 Troy . By S. D . Leak 2. 55 Wilmington . Tuition 144. 75 Wilmington . By Miss Fitts , 12. 60 ; By Miss A. E . Farrington , 3. 75 , for Student Aid 16. 25 Wilmington . Cong . Ch ., for Fence 10. 00 Wilmington . “ A Friend , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 SOUTH CAROLINA , $ 197. 30 . Charleston . Tuition 197. 30 TENNESSEE , $ 905. 42 . Jellico . Tuition 25. 00 Jonesboro . Pub . Sch . Fund , 50 ; Tuition , 4. 75 ; Rent , 75 cts ; Cong . Ch ., 4. 27 , and Miss'y Soc ., 3. 16 62. 92 Memphis . Tuition 328. 50 Nashville . Tuition , 452 ; Mrs. H. H . Wright , for Student Aid , 2 454. 00 Nashville . Sab . Sch ., Fisk U ., 20 for Indian M. and 5 for Chinese M. 25. 00 Nashville . Isaiah Smith , for Sch'p , Fisk U . 1. 00 Pomona . Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Robbins . Tuition 3. 00 GEORGIA , $ 724. 71 . Atlanta . Storrs Sch ., Tuition , 269. 40 ; Rent , 2 271. 40 Macon . Tuition 175. 50 McIntosh . Tuition 18. 00 McIntosh . Woman 's Mlss'y Soc ., 13 ; Young People , 1. 50 , for Fort Berthold Indian M. 14. 50 Marietta . Ch . and Sab . Sch . 1. 00 Savannah . Tuition 177. 25 Thomasville . Tuition 58. 50 Thomasville . Sab . Sch . of Conn. Ind'l Sch ., for Indian M. 5. 50 Woodville . Pilgrim Cong . Ch . 3. 06 ALABAMA , $ 474. 87 . Athens . Tuition 66. 25 Marion . Tuition 78. 95 Mobile . Tuition 219. 40 Talladega . Tuition 115. 27 FLORIDA , $ 41. 35 . Jacksonville . Union Cong . Ch . 12. 35 Saint Augustine . Tuition , 24 ; Rent , 5 29. 00 LOUISIANA , $ 451. 50 . New Orleans . Tuition 451. 50 MISSISSIPPI , $ 8. 00 . Tougaloo . Tuition , 4 ; Rent , 4 8. 00 TEXAS , $ 178. 70 . Austin . Tuition 173. 70 Austin . Sab . Sch ., Tillotson , C. & N . Inst ., for Chinese M. 5. 00 INCOMES , $ 1 , 802. 60 . Avery Fund , for Mendi M. 683. 75 De Forest Fund , for President 's Chair , Talldega C. 143. 75 C. F . Dike Fund , for Straight U . 50. 00 General Endowment Fund 50. 00 Graves ’ Sch'p Fund , for Talladega C. 125. 00 Hammond Fund . for Straight U . 62. 50 Hastings Sch'p Fund , for Atlanta U . 12. 50 Howard Theo . Fund , for Howard U . 475. 00 Le Moyne Fund , for Memphis , Tenn. 75. 00 Plumb Sch'p Fund for Fisk U . 50. 00 Tuthill King Fund . for Berea C 50. 00 Rev . J. and L. H . Wood Fund , for Sch'p , Talladega C. 25. 00 NEW MEXICO , $ 14. 55 . Albuquerque . Cong . Ch . 14. 55 JAPAN , $ 20. 00 . Kioto . Mission Ch ., by Rev . D. W . Learned 20. 00 ========== Donations $ 16 , 145. 53 Legacies 2 , 843. 30 Incomes 1 , 802. 50 Tuitions 3 , 524. 70 Rents 21. 10 Total for June $ 24 , 337. 13 Total from Oct. 1 to June 30 214 , 434. 40 ========= FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions for June $ 74. 22 Previously acknowledged 751. 20 Total $ 826. 12 ======= H. W . HUBBARD , Treasurer , 56 Reade St ., N. Y .