FIVE CENTS . THE GREAT ROUND WORLD AND WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT Vol . 1 JUNE 3 , 1897 No . 30 . [ Entered at Post Office , New York City , as second class matter ] A WEEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR BOYS AND GIRLS ] Subscription $ 2. 50 per year $ 1. 25 6 months WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON . PUBLISHER NO . 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY = Copyright , 1897 , by WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON .= = TO ANY SUBSCRIBER SECURING ... FOR US 1 SUBSCRIPTION = On Honour 's Roll Tales of Heroes in the Nineteenth Century = WE WILL SEND POST-PAID ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING BOOKS = THE STORY OF THE INDIAN MUTINY .= By Ascott R. Hope . 4 illustrations . 12mo . = THE ORCHID SEEKERS .= A Story of Adventure in Borneo . By Ashmore Russan and Frederick Boyle . Illustrated . 8vo . = UNDER MANY FLAGS .= Stories of Scottish Adventurers . By Davenport Adams . Illustrated . 12 mo . = THE FUR TRADERS OF THE WEST = or , = The Doones of Fowey =. By E. R . Suppling . 21 full-page illustrations . 8vo . = LOST IN AFRICA .= A Book of Adventure . By Frederick Whishaw . With full-page illustrations . 8vo . = THE DAYS OF BRUCE .= A Story from Scottish History . By Grace Aguilar . Illustrated . 8vo . = THE DESERT SHIP .= A Story of Adventure by Sea and Land . By John Bloundelle-Burton . Illustrated . 8vo . = NUTTALL 'S STANDARD DICTIONARY .= Compiled by the Rev . James Wood . Illustrated . 8vo . 832 pages . The Orchid Seekers = GIRL 'S HOME COMPANION .= Edited by Mrs. L. Valentine . Illustrated . 8vo . Contains full description of indoor and outdoor games and valuable information concerning embroidery , sewing , and all other occupations and accomplishments for girls . = LEGENDS OF KING ARTHUR AND HIS KNIGHTS .= By J. T . Knowells . 8vo . = ON HONOUR 'S ROLL .= Tales of Heroism in the Nineteenth Century . By L. Valentine . Illustrated . 8vo . = HARRY RAYMOND .= By Commander Cameron . Illustrated . 8vo . = WE THREE BOYS .= By L. Valentine . Illustrated . 8vo . = SEA FIGHTS AND LAND BATTLES .= By Mrs. Valentine . Illustrated . 8vo . = PUZZLES OLD AND NEW .= By Professor Hoffman . 8vo . With over 500 diagrams and illustrations . = MASTERMAN READY .= By Captain Marryatt . Illustrated . 12mo . = SETTLERS IN CANADA .= By Captain Marryatt . Illustrated . 12mo . = POOR JACK .= By Captain Marryatt . Illustrated . 12mo . The above are all cloth-bound , well-made books , and are carefully selected for their interest and character .... = The Great Round World = = 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY = WOODEN PUTTER BRASSIE SPOON BRASSIE NIBLICK DRIVER CLEEK IRON LOFTING IRON MASHIE NIBLICK IRON PUTTER = To any one sending us 2 new subscribers = we will send , express paid , any one of the golf sticks shown in cut ... = These are the most approved shapes and styles and are made in the best possible manner = = 2 = special golf balls may be had for ... = 1 = new subscription = THE GREAT ROUND WORLD = = 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY = Do you Cover your Books ? THE “ ONE PIECE ” ADJUSTABLE BOOK COVERS are made of the strongest and best book-cover paper obtainable . This paper is made in large quantities especially for these book covers and will protect books perfectly . The book covers themselves are a marvel of ingenuity , and , although they are in one piece and can be adjusted to fit perfectly any sized book without cutting the paper , they are also so simple that any boy or girl can use them ; as they are already gummed they are always ready for use . A sample dozen will be mailed to any address for 20 cents ( or ten two-cent stamps ) if you write WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City TO ANY ONE SENDING US = 8 = NEW .... SUBSCRIBERS WE WILL SEND A = JUNIOR RIFLE = 22 calibre , highly finished , with rebounding lock , case-hardened frame , detachable barrel , automatic shell ejector . Weight 4-1 / 2 pounds . Rifle OR = A “ Shattuck New = = Model ” Shot = Gun = Side-snap action , rebounding lock , walnut pistol-grip stock , patent fore end , rubber butt , and pistol-grip cap , nickel frame , choke-bored , twist-steel barrel . 12 or 16 gauge . = THE GREAT ROUND WORLD = 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY ... PREMIUMS ... TO ANY ONE SENDING US 4 NEW SUBSCRIBERS A Pocket Kodak Measures 2-1 / 4 x 2-7 / 8 x 3-7 / 8 inches , makes a picture 1-1 / 2 x 2 inches , and weighs only 5 ounces . Delivered ready for 12 exposures without reloading .] The Lens is of the fixed focus type , and of sufficient length of focus ( 2-1 / 2 inches ) to avoid distortion . Has improved rotary shutter and set of three stops for lens . The slides for changing stops and for time exposures are alongside of the exposure lever and always show by their position what stop is before the lens and whether the shutter is set for time or instantaneous exposures , thus acting as a warning . In the quality of the work they will do , Pocket Kodaks equal the best cameras on the market . They make negatives of such perfect quality that enlargements of any size can be made from them . The Pocket Kodaks are covered with fine leather , and the trimmings are handsomely finished and lacquered . They are elegant , artistic , and durable . = For one more subscription we will send with this camera a bicycle carrying-case = TO ANY ONE SENDING US 9 NEW SUBSCRIBERS An Improved = No . 4 = Bulls-Eye For pictures 4x5 inches ; delivered ready for 12 exposures without reloading . Size of camera , 4-7 / 8 x 5-7 / 8 x 9-1 / 4 inches ; weight 2 pounds 2 ounces ; length of focus of lens , 6-1 / 4 inches .] Fitted with an achromatic lens of superior quality , having a set of three stops ; has two finders , one for vertical and one for horizontal exposures ; and is also provided with two sockets for tripod screws , one for vertical and one for horizontal exposures . Fitted with improved rotary shutter , for snap-shots or time exposures . Can be loaded in daylight . Handsomely finished and covered with leather . = Both of the above cameras are manufactured by the Eastman Kodak Co ., Rochester , N. Y ., and this is a guarantee of their worth = = THE GREAT ROUND WORLD = = 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY = THE GREAT ROUND WORLD AND WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT . VOL . 1 JULY 22 , 1897 . NO . 37 The peace negotiations have not made very much progress during the past week . Turkey has announced to the Powers that she holds that Thessaly belongs to her by right of conquest , and she is not willing to give it up . But the Powers are determined to allow only a sum of money as a war indemnity , and a rearrangement of the frontier whereby Turkey will gain certain strategic points . The Sultan has again asked the Emperor of Germany to help him to secure Thessaly , but William has declined to interfere in the matter , and has advised the Sultan to obey the wishes of the Powers . The Czar of Russia has also written to the Sultan , urging him to accept the conditions offered , and not delay the negotiations by making demands on Greece which it will be impossible for her to accept . The delay in the peace negotiations is causing considerable alarm in Europe . It seems that the Sultan 's main object in writing to Germany and Russia has been to gain time . It is thought that he hopes the Powers will disagree and leave him free to do as he pleases . If , however , they still remain as firm as they are at present , he thinks the delay may give time for the Mohammedans to calm down . These people are now so excited over the success that has attended the Turkish arms , that it is feared they will revolt against the Sultan if he agrees to give up Thessaly . We told you about the visit of the Sheik ul Islam to the Sultan . These Sheiks are very powerful persons . It is perhaps a little difficult to make you understand just how powerful they are , living as you do in a country where such conditions do not exist . The Sheiks are leaders of numerous tribes of people to whom their word is absolute law , and whom they command as entirely as a father commands his children , and for the reason that the tribesmen are in a measure the children of the Sheik . In the olden times family life was much stronger and closer than it is to-day . The father of a family would continue to govern the affairs of his sons after they had grown up and married and had families of their own . Until his death , the father would be the ruler of his own group of relatives , and when he was gone , his eldest son would become the head of the family in his place . As the grandchildren grew up and raised sons and daughters of their own , the family would grow larger ; but , while all obeyed their own fathers , they also obeyed the rulings of the head or chief of the family . It was the plan of leadership that we read of in the Bible — the patriarchal system , as it was called . The clans of the Highlands of Scotland are formed in a similar manner . A member of a clan is simply a relative , a person of the same blood and family as the head of the clan , and according to their custom he obeys the commands of his chieftain . In ancient times , when a Highland chieftain went to war , he had the right to call on every man in the clan to join him . None who were able to answer the call ever thought of refusing . In the East to-day the patriarchal system prevails as strongly as ever . The Sheiks or Chiefs are the rulers of the people , and can control and command them as they please . The people of the Eastern tribes are nearly all Mohammedans . As we have told you before , they think it right to kill those who do not believe in the Prophet Mohammed . They would be very glad to gain possession of Thessaly and spread Mohammedanism throughout the province . They are therefore most unwilling that the Sultan should allow it to fall again into the hands of the Greeks . Should the Sultan consent to the demands of the Powers and restore Thessaly , the Sheiks might call out their tribes and carry on the war themselves . The Sultan has therefore to be very careful not to anger them , and it is for this reason that he delays , hoping that in time one party or the other may give in . The Powers are , however , quite tired of the delay , and the latest despatch says that they have sent the Sultan a collective note , which means a letter expressing the sentiments of all the diplomats concerned . This note states that they cannot allow any further delay , and demands that the Porte arrive at a decision immediately . It is also stated on good authority that the Greek Government has arranged a loan to pay the money that Turkey demands as a war indemnity , so that just as soon as the peace negotiations are concluded Greece may be ready to pay the required sum . The report about the wounding of General Gomez has been contradicted . It seems that the Spaniards and Cubans had an engagement near the Jucaro Moron trocha . A body of insurgents under General Vega were trying to join the forces of General Gomez , when they encountered the Spanish troops . The insurgents gave battle , and were getting the best of the fight , when a second Spanish column appeared in sight . The insurgents , finding themselves outnumbered , retreated . In the engagement General Vega was wounded , his horse being shot under him , and he himself falling unconscious to the ground . His staff surrounded him , and carried him away to a place of safety , but not before the Spaniards had seen what had occurred . Knowing Gomez to be in the neighborhood , they supposed it was he who had been in command , and so the mistake arose . It is a happy thing for the Cubans that Gomez is still spared to them . The terrible disasters of the Greek campaign have shown us how necessary good leaders are . General Weyler has announced his intention of doing no more fighting until the close of the rainy season . He is on his way back to Havana . He has not pacified Santiago de Cuba as he promised to do , but now declares that it is impossible to attempt any military operations during the rainy season . The Cubans do not agree with him . The rain has , so far , not dampened their ardor . Every day reports come to us that raids and skirmishes are taking place all over the island . On the outskirts of Havana the insurgents are keeping up a constant fight . They are burning houses , and making the best of every opportunity to harass the enemy . A bold attempt was made to capture Fondeviela the other day ; some fierce fighting took place , but the Colonel eventually succeeded in driving off the Cubans . The case of Gen. Rius Rivera is likely to be settled without the interference of the Spanish Government . The unfortunate soldier is seriously ill , and not expected to live many days . It is said that he is not dying of his wounds , but of a disease that has developed since he has been in prison . A late report says that the discontent among the Spanish soldiers in regard to their pay has induced their officers to give them permission to plunder where they can . The few unfortunates who have any property left are now at the mercy of the soldiers . This state of distress in the island is in great contrast to the charming picture of peace and prosperity which it presented a few short years ago . A writer in The Sun describes the island as it was before the breaking out of the first war . He says that in those days its commerce with this country amounted to a hundred million dollars a year . It maintained an army of twenty thousand Spanish soldiers , and its harbors were always filled with Spanish vessels . Havana was then one of the gayest capitals in the world . Its streets were thronged with fine carriages , in which the beauties of the island took their daily drives . At night all the fashion of the city would congregate on the Plaza in front of the Governor 's mansion , and listen to the music of the military bands . The people of the island were loyal and obedient to the wishes of the mother country . They gave up the treasures of the island in return for a kindly government . In those days Spain called Cuba the ever-faithful island , because she was the only American possession of Spain that still remained contented under the rule of the mother country . To travellers she seemed an earthly Paradise , and many were the stories of the beauties of this favored isle . No one could say enough pleasant things about its light-hearted , kindly people , its marvellous vegetation , its lovely flowers , its delicious fruits , and its generous soil in which anything that was planted would grow . When we think of Cuba to-day , laid waste by fire and sword , with barren fields and starving people , we cannot help feeling that the causes must have been great which led to such a terrible sacrifice . The only news relating to Hawaiian matters this week is that Japan is seriously angry with us over the treatment her Minister at Washington has received at the hands of the Secretary of State . It would seem that the Japanese are extremely precise and particular about the way their diplomatic affairs are conducted . Their idea of what is necessary on such occasions is very different from ours , and unfortunately the Japanese Ministers both at Honolulu and Washington have not received the treatment that , according to their views , is due them . Minister Hoshi , in Washington , is so indignant that he was not informed of the negotiations in regard to the treaty , that it is said he has asked to be recalled to Japan . His displeasure has been increased by Secretary Sherman 's failure to reply to his letter asking for an explanation . We told you that England had been making arrangements with Portugal to secure Delagoa Bay , in South Africa , and that this contract , if concluded , would give Great Britain the control of the only port available for the people of the Transvaal . President Kr ü ger is , however , too clever a man to allow this to be done without making some effort to secure the port for himself . We told you that Dr. Leyds had been sent to England by the Boer Government to arrange the trouble over the Transvaal Raid . Dr. Leyds had a further commission , which he did not mention while he was in London . This was to try and secure possession of Delagoa Bay for his own country . He went to Paris , and organized a company to buy from Portugal certain lands in Africa which should include Delagoa Bay , its ports and customs . To prevent England getting any knowledge of what was going on , the matter was arranged in Paris , and appeared on the surface to be a French speculation . But it has come to light that the large sums of money which will have to be paid to conclude the matter are being subscribed in part by German financiers , and the rest by the National Bank of the Transvaal . It seems that it is an arrangement between Germany and the Transvaal . As we have told you before , Germany is quite friendly with the South African Republic , so much so that , at the time of the raid , the Emperor of Germany very much displeased the English people by sending President Kr ü ger a telegram congratulating him on his victory over the raiders . It is said that neither the English nor the Boer-German offer for Delagoa Bay has as yet been accepted by Portugal . The news from India is of a very serious character . We told you some months ago how the trees in Bengal province had been marked , and how the European residents in India feared that it might be the signal for another mutiny . It would almost seem that their fears were well grounded . On the clay of the Jubilee celebration in India the natives killed Government officers in various parts of the country , and assumed a hostile and impudent attitude toward Europeans generally . Last week a riot broke out in one of the suburbs of the city of Calcutta , and for more than forty-eight hours the mob held the town . The trouble arose over a mosque or Mohammedan temple . It is contrary to the rules of their religion to allow mosques to be built on ground that belongs to unbelievers , but of late the Moslems have been seizing on buildings owned by Europeans and Hindoos , converting them into mosques , and then refusing to pay rent for them . This practice has annoyed the land-owners very much , and at last one owner , a Hindoo , determined to put an end to the nuisance . The Mohammedans had seized a mud hut which he owned , and as usual they refused to pay rent for it . The Hindoo appealed to the British Government , and under its protection sent workmen over and had the hut demolished . This enraged the Mohammedans . The hut had been converted into a mosque , and they regarded its destruction as a wicked act . They rose against the Europeans under whose authority this had been done , attacked them , and the soldiers had to be called out to quell the disturbance . The riots lasted for two days . At the end of that time it was reported that to pacify the mob the authorities had given them possession of the land on which the mosque had stood . The European residents were very angry when this news reached them . They feared that it would make the people still more unruly , as they would be sure to think the authorities were afraid of them if they gave in to their demands . This prediction appears to have been correct , for even after the rioters had been subdued , it was unsafe for Europeans to venture into some parts of Calcutta without protection . It is stated that the authorities did not really give up the land , but only allowed the rumor to be circulated for the sake of pacifying the mob . The police have possession of the disputed property , and will not allow any one to approach it . It has developed that notwithstanding the fact that the owner of the land was a Hindoo , there is no really bad feeling between the Hindoos and the Mohammedans , but that both have combined against the Europeans . It is distinctly an anti-European feeling . British authority is openly defied by the natives , and the situation is regarded as very grave . In Simla , which is the summer home of the Viceroy of India , there has been more rioting . A mob tried to seize upon a mosque , but the police and soldiers opened fire on them , and a serious fight ensued . The mob was finally repulsed , and the leader arrested . Simla , which is one of the most fashionable of the Indian summer resorts , is built high up among the Himalayan Mountains . The seat of the government of India is really in Calcutta , but the heat there is so intense during the summer months that the Europeans cannot endure it . For fully half the year the Viceroy , who is the representative of the Queen , moves up to Simla , with his council and household , and the government is carried on there . That riots should have occurred at the seat of government makes the Europeans still more uneasy . Nor are these the only disturbances we have to record . In a recent number we told you about the attack on one of the government officials in the Fochi Valley . There has been a fresh outbreak in the same place . A number of coolies or porters , who were carrying provisions , were attacked and robbed . This time the attacking party did not meet with such success . The military commanders have been on the alert since the last outrage , and no sooner was the news of the attack telegraphed , than a body of cavalry started in pursuit of the offenders . They were overtaken before they had time to reach their hill dwellings , and fifty of them were captured and brought back as prisoners . It is little to be wondered at that these various disturbances , coming so closely one upon the other , should be causing the Europeans in India a great deal of uneasiness . It may be that the memories of the mutiny make them a little over-anxious , but the situation is certainly very serious . There is a report that the Siamese have invaded the French possessions in Indo-China . The French colonies in Asia consist of Cochin China , Tonquin , Anam , and Cambodia , and since the year 1896 a large portion of Siam has been added to them . All these provinces lie to the east of Burmah and Siam , at the extreme southeast of Asia . The telegrams state that Cambodia has been invaded by the Siamese , who have pillaged and burned many villages and carried off a number of prisoners . In Bangkok , which is the capital of Siam , and also in the provinces ceded to France , French authority is no longer acknowledged . The Siamese demand taxes of the people , and when they insist that they are under French protection and must pay their taxes to France , their claims are not listened to . All their papers which relate to the subject are destroyed , and they are forced to pay the taxes demanded . When the French in their turn ask for the taxes , the people naturally refuse to pay them twice ; then there are lawsuits , and the people who will not pay are brought before the judges . This , however , does little good to the French , for the courts refuse to hear French complaints . Some of the Cambodian chiefs who are under French protection have been arrested by the Siamese , thrown into prison , and kept there many months without being brought to trial . It is thought that the King of Siam needs a lesson to teach him to be more respectful to his European neighbors . You remember that in the case of United States Vice-Consul Mr. Kellet at Bangkok , that the trouble arose from the Siamese trying to seize the property of an American citizen named Cheek , and that Siam did not want to make amends for the wrong . It seems that the French difficulty arises from much the same cause . The Siamese Government does not like to see the taxes going out of its hands , and so , despite its treaties , seizes them for itself . The spread of civilization into Asia has taught these Eastern monarchs many things , and they are no longer simple , docile people , who can be overawed by the knowledge and power of the Europeans . The Japanese have recently come to the front as a nation , and it would not be surprising if the Siamese followed their example . The King of Siam , who has just been visiting Europe to attend the Jubilee celebrations , appears to be a clever and progressive monarch . He has been visiting Rome , and has of course been taken to see the wonderful art treasures that this very ancient city contains . His guides were much impressed by the correct taste the King displayed in matters of art . They declare that no artist could have made better comments on the various pictures and statues shown him than this King of Siam , to whom examples of Greek art were new . The history of Italy and the deeds of its great men were also familiar to this far-away King . In passing through one of the galleries he saw the statues of King Victor Emmanuel of Italy and of Garibaldi , the two men who had worked so bravely for the liberty of Italy . The King of Siam stopped before these statues , uncovered his head , and paid silent homage to the noble deeds of these two great heroes . His suite followed his example , all the gentlemen in his train bowing with uncovered heads and passing silently on . The King also appears to have a keen sense of humor . He was invited by one of the scientific societies of Rome to attend a lecture on some very deep subject , in which he was not at all interested . He did not want to attend , but confided to King Humbert that he feared the professors would call him a barbarian if he stayed away . So to the lecture he went . On his return King Humbert asked him how he had enjoyed it . “ To be frank with you , ” he replied , “ it is even stronger at putting you to sleep than our opium . ” When the news of the trouble in Siam was telegraphed , the King declared that he knew nothing of the affair . If he is as clever as they say , he probably keeps himself thoroughly acquainted with everything that is happening in his kingdom . The chances are that he knows all about the matter , but does not want it mentioned until his pleasure trip is over . A sad story of a wrecked steamer has just reached us . The vessel , the Aden , was one of the steamers which carry passengers from Europe to India , passing through the Suez Canal . Heavy winds and storms have been raging in the Indian Ocean for some weeks past ; in fact , the storms and the earthquake about which we told you came at the same time . The unfortunate steamer was caught in one of these tempests , and driven on a reef off Socotra Island . Socotra is at the mouth of the Gulf of Aden . It is into this gulf that the Red Sea flows . As soon as the accident occurred the life-boats were launched , and some of the passengers and crew were put aboard them . Unhappily the sea was running so high that the boats could not live in it . They were soon overturned and their occupants drowned . Two other boats were smashed to pieces in the effort to launch them , and finally seven persons found themselves forced to stay by the wreck . The accident happened in the dead of night , and until the daylight came they were clinging together , expecting that the vessel would go down at any moment . When morning came they found that the ship was so tightly wedged on the rocks that she was not likely to sink , but they were out of sight of land , and had no chance of rescue unless some passing vessel happened to see them . To add to their misery , great waves were constantly washing over the wreck . They had taken refuge in one of the deck cabins , and here they were forced to stay for three or four days until the waters became calmer . They were at first afraid that they would be starved , but a few biscuits were found in the cabin , and on these they subsisted until it was safe to cross the deck to the cook 's galley without danger of being washed overboard . Here they found provisions . Two women were of the party , and they appear to have behaved very well , doing their share toward making their comrades comfortable , and preparing the best meals they could under the circumstances . When the storm was so far abated that they dared to go on deck , they set signals , in the hopes of attracting some passing vessel . Two vessels , however , passed without noticing them , but at last , after fourteen days of anxiety and fear , help came to them . They were taken off the vessel and brought safely to land . The owners of the Aden made full inquiry into the cause of the disaster , and attributed it to the storm , and not to any carelessness on the part of captain or crew . There will have to be a new trial of the case against the Tobacco Trust , the jury having been discharged by the court . We told you , in reference to the Laurada trial , that it was necessary for all the twelve jurymen to agree before a verdict could be secured . When a trial is finished and the case is given to the jury , the jurymen in the charge of the sheriff are locked up in the jury-room and kept there until they arrive at a decision or the judge dismisses them . When the jurors arrive in their own room , a ballot is taken , and if the vote is not unanimous they begin a regular discussion of the case . A foreman of the jury is chosen at the beginning of the trial , and serves as chairman of the jury while the case is in their hands . After he thinks the matter has been well weighed , the foreman asks the jurymen if they are ready to vote . Another ballot is then taken , each man registering his opinion . The foreman counts the votes . If the jury is not all of the same way of thinking , the matter is again discussed and a new ballot taken . In the Tobacco Trust trial the jury was “ out , ” as it is called , twenty-one hours . During that time forty ballots were taken , ten of the jury voting “ guilty ” and two “ not guilty . ” At the end of that time one of the jurors was taken ill . The foreman sent a request for a doctor , and asked the judge to dismiss the jury , as it was impossible for them to come to a decision . The judge has the right to keep the jury locked up until he is satisfied that they cannot arrive at a verdict . In this instance he kept them three hours longer , and then , finding them still divided ten to two , he discharged them . In English and American law there are only two verdicts , “ Guilty ” or “ Not guilty , ” and a person who has once been adjudged not guilty can never be tried again for the same crime . In Scotland they have a third verdict — “ Not proven . ” Under this verdict a person regains his liberty , but he can be tried again at any time that fresh evidence against him is secured . The jurors would probably have agreed on the verdict of “ Not proven ” had it been in use in our courts , but , as it is , there will have to be another trial of the Tobacco Trust as soon as the District Attorney is ready to prosecute . People living in New York have long complained of the lack of accommodation on the surface and elevated roads . During the crowded hours of the day it does not seem possible to put on enough cars to seat the passengers . Men and women have to stand in these crowded cars , packed as closely as herrings in a barrel . After enduring this nuisance for many years with surprising patience , the people have at last sought the aid of the Board of Health . They have complained to the Board that standing in the cars is injurious to the health of women and persons in delicate health . When the summer came on and the crowding nuisance was not abated , but the discomforts were considerably increased by the neglect of the companies to provide straps in the open cars for the people to hold on to , the complaints increased to such an extent that the Board of Health decided to take immediate action . A careful investigation was commenced , and it was found that in rounding the curve at Fourteenth Street and Broadway , and the sharp curves at Fifty-third Street , every person who was not provided with a seat was in danger of losing life or limb . The standing passengers were jostled , jolted , and flung this way and that , without sufficient protection against being thrown off the cars . Inspectors from the Health Board were stationed at the different points to ascertain just how many persons were forced to travel in this dangerous manner . The inspector detailed to watch the Lexington Avenue branch of the cable road reported that during two hours , 1 , 750 had been standing up in the 135 cars that had passed him . From the various reports it was seen that most of this crowding could be stopped if the companies made rules to regulate the number of passengers allowed in each car , and provided enough cars to accommodate their patrons . When the reports were all in , the Health Board met to discuss the matter . One of its members is the President of the Board of Police . His department has had a great deal of trouble with the Broadway Cable Company . It has been necessary to station extra policemen along the route to help people to cross the tracks in safety . Several policemen have been injured at the curves , and the Police Board has no love for the railroad . At the meeting he introduced a resolution which he wished to make a part of the Sanitary Code . The Sanitary Code is a set of rules enacted for the protection of the lives and health of the citizens . These rules relate to all matters that concern our daily life . They prohibit unhealthy businesses being carried on . They require that tenement houses shall be properly built , drained , etc . They prevent the keeping of cows , pigs , or poultry within city limits . They regulate the sale of provisions , and prevent unwholesome food being sold in the city . Under these rules , all the meat that is dressed for market within the limits of the city is inspected , and must be prepared in a certain manner . No one can offer milk for sale without a permit from the Board of Health , and this permit is only granted when the inspectors have assured themselves that the applicants have clean and airy places in which to handle the milk . The Sanitary Code covers everything that applies to our health and comfort , and , as you may suppose , its rules are very far-reaching . The new rule proposed by the Police Commissioner is to the effect that no surface car shall be sent around any curve at a greater rate of speed than two miles an hour . This rule , if passed , will put an end to the horrors of Dead Man 's Curve , as the Fourteenth-Street curve has come to be called , for at this slow pace the passengers will have no difficulty in keeping their feet , and the pedestrians will easily be able to get out of the way of the cars . It will be two weeks before this rule can be made part of the Sanitary Code , and during that time arguments for and against it will be heard by the Department . If the Health Board will only follow this rule with another , forbidding the overcrowding of cars , New Yorkers will have a chance of getting comfortable service from the car systems . We told you about the great Yerkes telescope some little while ago . It has , if you remember , the largest lens in the world , and with it astronomers can look farther into space than with any other glass now in existence . At the end of last May the big telescope was in position , and the scientific world waited anxiously to hear of the wonders it would reveal . Professor Barnard , who is in charge of the observatory , stated that it was impossible even to guess what discoveries might be made with it . He stated that it allowed the observer to penetrate one-fourth farther into space than the famous Lick telescope . It was therefore to be supposed that some new knowledge about the moon and the planets would soon be obtainable . He expected that in the course of a few weeks he would be able to give some new information about the planet Jupiter and its moons , and Saturn and its rings . He hoped also to give a fuller description of the hills and valleys on the desolate surface of the moon . Unfortunately his hopes will not be fulfilled for a long time to come . But eight days after the first peep had been obtained through the great glass , a very unfortunate accident happened in the observatory . The elevating floor of the telescope gave way , and fell forty feet , to the bottom of the dome . Two astronomers had been observing the stars the entire night , but happily they had left the building just before the accident occurred . As good luck would have it , the great telescope was also uninjured , but a great deal of damage was done to the building . It is estimated that it will take the whole summer to tear out the wreckage and make the repairs . During that time the telescope cannot be used . This is a great disappointment to the scientists . We told you of the labor entailed in the grinding of a lens . Mr. Alvan G. Clark , the man who made the great glass of which we have been speaking , has just died . He and his father and brother had devoted their entire lives to the making of telescopes , and made many of the famous glasses of the world . The great glass at the Lick Observatory , which measures thirty-six inches across , is of their manufacture . Their greatest triumph was the Yerkes lens , which is forty inches in diameter , and which was completed only a few months before Mr. Clark 's death . This firm did a great deal to further astronomical research . Not only did they manufacture such perfect instruments that the possibilities of observing the stars were greatly increased , but they were close students of the science themselves . Mr. Alvan G. Clark , in particular , made several important discoveries , having found no less than fourteen new stars . We told you about the Holland , the new submarine boat which has just been launched at Elizabeth-port . It will interest you to know that she has had a partial trial , which has proved very satisfactory . While she was still at the wharf an attempt was made to submerge her . On the turning of the lever she sank , inch by inch , until only her tower was out of water . A day or two after she was taken for a spin down Staten Island Sound . She attracted a good deal of attention among the seamen , who looked rather askance at the strange cigar-shaped craft that shot through the water . From all accounts it would appear that her crew do not regard her with very much favor . It is said that the swish of the waters against her sides can be heard very distinctly in the engine-room , and that the crew feel somewhat nervous about her seaworthiness . Several of these fish-like boats are being made just now . One has just been completed in Wisconsin , in which it is hoped to explore the bottom of Lakes Michigan and Huron . Like the Holland , this boat can move on the surface of the water or dive beneath it at will . But this vessel is arranged with a view to remaining under water for a whole day without causing any inconvenience to the inmates . This is not the only kind of curious vessel that has been built lately . A ship has been devised , and is said to be actually building in Toronto , Canada , which is intended to roll across the Atlantic Ocean . The description of this boat says that it looks exactly like a long gas-pipe . It has neither masts nor funnels , but is made of two cylinders , one inside the other . The outer case revolves , and is fitted with paddles to propel the vessel through the water . It is claimed that by this means a very high rate of speed can be secured . The inner cylinder is so arranged that it remains stationary , and in this are the cabins , staterooms , and engine-rooms . Both cylinders have openings at the ends , and it is through these openings that the fresh air is communicated to the staterooms . Between the inner and outer cases are compartments for the cargo , which revolves with the outer cylinder . It is claimed that this ship will make the trip from Liverpool to New York in forty-eight hours . The boat is to be completed in a few weeks , and then we shall see for ourselves how much truth there is in this startling assertion . G. H . ROSENFELD . NEW BOOKS . We have received two very attractive books from Ginn & Co ., Boston . “ Short Stories from English History , ” by Albert F. Blaisdell ( price , by mail , 50 cents ) , is a collection of very attractive stories of English history , and a book that our boys and girls will be much interested in . “ A Few Familiar Flowers , ” by Margaret Warner Morley , author of those charming books , “ Song of Life , ” “ Seed Babies , ” etc ., will prove most useful to any one who wishes to study in detail the familiar flowers . Price is 70 cents by mail . TO ANY ONE SENDING US Gold-plated Watch = 4 = [ Illustration : Flourish ] = New = = Subscriptions = WE WILL SEND EXPRESS PAID A stem-wind , stem-set , nickel movement , jewelled balances , porcelain dial , highly finished throughout = Gold-Plated = = Watch = EITHER OPEN FACE OR HUNTING CASE . ENGINE-TURNED ( AS SHOWN IN CUT ) OR WITH A HANDSOME ENGRAVED DESIGN ON CASE . Divider These watches are made in one of the best-known American factories , are not clocks but real watches , and are warranted to keep time accurately . Divider THE GREAT ROUND WORLD 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY Net TO ANY ONE SENDING US = 12 New ...= = Subscribers = WE WILL SEND ( EXPRESS PAID ) A FULL = Lawn Tennis Set = CONSISTING OF 3 “ BOY 'S ” RACQUETS 1 “ DRIVE ” RACQUET 4 STANDARD TENNIS BALLS 1 NET , 27 x 3 FEET 2 JOINTED POLES 1 MALLET 1 SET OF GUY ROPES Complete in neat box , with set of this year 's rules . Divider THE GREAT ROUND WORLD 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY TWO BRIGHT LITTLE BOOKS = For Our Brothers and Sisters = MARY CATHERINE JUDD has rewritten some of those fascinating old fairy stories and put them in a little book called = Classic Myths =, price 50 cents . Some of the stories are : = Legend of the North Wind ; King Neptune and Winds and Waters ; Echo , the Air Maiden ; Iris , the Rainbow Queen ; Tennyson 's Lullaby ; Orpheus , Myth of the South Wind ; The Bag that was a Balloon ; Hail , or the Bird with Arrow Feathers ; Phaeton , Myth of the Sun ; Diana , Queen of the Moon .= A book of the same kind for our very small brothers and sisters is = Skyward and Back =, price 30 cents , post-paid . The little stories in this book are old favorites , and were selected by other boys and girls ; some of them are : = King Sun ; Air Fairies ; Ice King ; Water Fairies ; Cloud-land Fairies .= = Copies of these books will be sent post-paid upon receipt of price = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City TO ANY ONE SENDING US [ Illustration : Flourish ] = 5 = = New Subscribers = Seat WE WILL SEND , EXPRESS PAID , THE NEW ... ... ... ... ... ... = Messinger Bicycle Saddle = WITH SPRING ATTACHMENT The hard , unyielding saddles usually put on bicycles are uncomfortable and unhealthy . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Seat The Messinger Saddle is made of woven rattan , covered with felt and leather , and is elastic , healthy , and comfortable . The spring attachment is so arranged that the saddle yields to pressure on either side or both at once , thus overcoming all jar and vibration . THE GREAT ROUND WORLD 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY = TO ANY ONE SENDING US = =... 3 ...= New Subscribers Book-Rest OAK WE WILL SEND A WALNUT = Lambie Book-Rest = IN CHERRY JAPANNED OR BRONZED This book-rest holds the book in any position and at any slant , so that you can shift the book when you change your position as freely as you can move your hand . Can be made fast to chair , table , or lounge on either side . A VERY USEFUL AND CONVENIENT THING = And for 5 Subscribers a = = Lambie Dictionary-Holder = Can be used for any dictionary or large book . Keeps book open or shut , as desired . Holder carries the weight and you handle it as if it weighed nothing . Revolves , and is on castors . Can be drawn to you with one hand . Can be raised or lowered . = IN OAK , WALNUT , OR CHERRY JAPANNED OR BRONZED ....= Dictionary Holder THE GREAT ROUND WORLD 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY The Scientific Box Kite How to put in the sticks The Start ] = PATENT APPLIED FOR = = The Latest Thing ...= = Scientific Box Kite = To any one sending us = 1 = new subscriber we will send one of these kites . Scientific kite flying has attracted the attention of the world . This kite is the invention of H. H . Clayton , Chief Observer at Blue Hill Observatory , near Boston . It is used at this and other weather stations for sending up instruments in making observations . Kites of this type have attained the wonderful height of 9 , 200 feet , nearly two miles . Anybody can fly this kite . It goes up straight from the hand like a bird . Will fly in a moderate breeze , and yet no wind short of a gale is too strong for it . It is made of strong , selected wood , and the finest cotton , in red . = THE GREAT ROUND WORLD = = 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY =