FIVE CENTS . THE GREAT ROUND WORLD AND WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT SUBSCRIPTION PRICE . APRIL 1 , 1897 Vol . 1 . NO . 21 $ 2. 50 PER YEAR [ Entered at Post Office , New York City , as second-class matter ] Illustration ] A WEEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR BOYS AND GIRLS WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON . PUBLISHER NO . 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST. NEW YORK CITY = Copyrighted 1897 . By WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON .= = History and Manuals of = = Vertical Writing = By JOHN JACKSON Theory and Practice of Vertical Writing , $ 1. 25 Teaching of Vertical Writing ,. 50 John Jackson , the originator of this system of vertical writing , is the only teacher who has had the years of practice in teaching it that make these the standard manuals for teachers and students . The adoption of vertical writing abroad and in this country is largely due to his persistent work and the marvellous results of his teaching . His series of copy-books were the first to be used in this country , and are considered by experienced teachers , who are not to be misled by mere beauty of engravers work , to contain the only practical well-graded course of instruction leading from primary work to the rapid and now justly celebrated = telegraph hand =— for these books are the only ones containing copies in this rapid writing . The telegraph hand is the style used by the best telegraph operators in the country — and these writers are universally acknowledged to be the most rapid writers , and writers of a hand which of necessity must be most legible . Copy-Books ( 10 numbers ) , 96 cents per dozen Copy-Pads ( 8 numbers ) , 96 cents per dozen BOTH SERIES CONTAIN SIMILAR COPIES . Sample sets to teachers ( post-paid ) , 75 cents = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City = = FOR SALE = 500 Wentworth 's Primary Arithmetics , 10c . each 250 " Grammar School " 25c. " 300 Brooks ’ Elementary " 10c. " 150 " New Written " 25c. " 500 Colburn 's New Mental " 10c. " 100 Wheeler 's Second Lessons , 25c. " 200 Harvey 's Practical Grammars , not revised , new , 10c. " 200 " Elementary " " " " 10c. " 200 Kerl 's Language Lessons , new , 10c. " 125 Dozen Haile 's Drawing Books , new , 50c . doz . 100 " Barnes ’ " " " 40c. " 200 " White 's , Krone 's , etc ., new 25c . to 60c , " 50 Williams ’ Composition , not revised , new , 40c . each 50 Kellogg 's Rhetorics , 276 pages , new , 50c. " 200 Continental Fourth Readers , 25c. " 200 " Fifth " 25c. " 100 Lippincott 's " " 25c. " 100 Davis ’ Fourth Readers 25c. " All of the above books are used copies , good condition , except where marked new . French and German Books , Arithmetics , Geographies , and Text-Books of all kinds at low prices . WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City = MAPS , CHARTS , & c .= BARGAIN LIST . = UNITED STATES =— 5 large Standard Government Maps , ( 82x66 in .) mounted on cloth and common rollers $ 1. 50 each . 5 “ Bird 's Eye View Maps , ” ( 72x65 in .) A large relief map of the United States . Spring rollers 10. 00 " Common rollers 7. 50 " 7 Government Relief Maps , printed in browns , with actual heights of land given in accurate figures . An indispensable map for school work , ( size 20x32 in .) mounted on linen , ( unmounted , 75 cents ) 1. 35 " = MISCELLANEOUS MAPS =— 10 Guyot 's Physical Maps , small , assorted. 75 " Guyot 's Large Physical Map , Western Europe 3. 00 18 Monteith 's Wall Maps , assorted 1. 25 " = OUTLINE MAPS =— 25 sets Outline Maps , ( size 24x36 in .) containing two Hemispheres , North and South America , Europe , Asia , Africa , Australasia , United States , & c. Subscription price , $ 25. 00 5. 00 " = ASTRONOMICAL CHARTS =— 43 Astronomical Charts , giving Phases of the Moon , Planets , & c. ( Size 24x36 in .) 1. 00 " = ALPHABET COMMON OBJECTS =— 15 Alphabet of Common Objects , imported , mounted on strong cloth 1. 10 " = LONGITUDE CHARTS =— 50 Callahan 's Longitude and Time Charts , mounted on cloth. 40 " = GEOMETRICAL BLOCKS =— 5 sets , slightly damaged , containing material for demonstration of all Geometrical exercises . Put up in strong box 3. 00 " = HISTORICAL CHARTS =— 5 King 's Historical Portfolio , published at $ 15. 00 , now sold by subscription for $ 25. 00 3. 00 " = METRIC CHARTS =— 15 Mounted Metric Charts , contain Metric System complete. 50 " = EXTRA DISCOUNTS := Bills of $ 10. 00 or over , 10 per cent . $ 20. 00 or over , 25 per cent . ... SCHOOL BOOKS ... I offer a great many bargains , in Standard School Books , similar to the following : = Brooks ’ Elementary Arithmetic =, ( published price , 41 cents ) = 10 cts .= = Brooks ’ New Written Arithmetic =, ( published price , 80 cents ) = 25 cts .= William Beverley Harison , 3 and 5 West 18th St ., N. Y. City . THE GREAT ROUND WORLD And WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT . VOL . 1 APRIL 1 , 1897 . NO . 21 Greece is certainly the most daring little kingdom ! Far from being alarmed by the message sent her from the Powers , she has replied that it is impossible for her to withdraw her troops from Crete . She states that her object in sending them there was to restore peace , and as serious troubles still exist in the island , she cannot comply with the request of the Powers . In the reply , she further states that she cannot consent to Home Rule for Crete under the direction of Turkey , but is willing to leave it to the Cretans themselves to decide under the rule of what monarch they wish to be . The Powers are surprised and angry that Greece should dare to disagree with them ; but the reply has been written in such a careful manner that it is not an open defiance of their wishes . They cannot therefore send the second note of which we spoke in our last number , but have had to call for a fresh discussion of the matter . The general idea is that the reply of Greece is very clever , and that it may be the means of preventing a war , because it is so reasonable in its tone that Europe cannot find in it an excuse for getting angry enough to declare war . The reply of Greece opens a way for further discussion , which may lead to a settlement . There is a good deal of sly diplomacy under this soft answer . The great combination which is called the Powers , consists of six nations : Germany , France , Italy , Russia , Austria , and Great Britain . It is necessary for these six nations to agree before any action can be taken by them . As a matter of fact , they are very far from agreeing . Greece , it seems , is well aware of this , and relies on it to help her get her own way in the end . To begin with , France has sent word that she cannot possibly take part in any severe measures against Greece , while public opinion remains as it is in France . She would be glad to act with the Powers , but dares not do so in the face of the opposition of the French Parliament . England would gladly take the same stand . She is , however , unable to do so , because the rest of the Powers are now suspecting her of having stirred up the Cretan trouble , and so she has to appear severe to show that she is in earnest in trying to prevent war between Greece and Turkey . It is known that she is unwilling to support Turkey against Greece , and that the Queen is taking an active part in the Greek question , and restraining her ministers from taking severe measures with Greece . On the other hand , it is reported that the German Emperor only joined the rest of the nations on the understanding that his advice should be followed . He suggested that the Powers should first blockade the Pir æ us , which is the great port of Greece , at the head of which lies the city of Athens . Having arranged the blockade , the Powers were then to send a final message to Greece , ordering her to withdraw from Crete , and if she refused , were to proceed to bombard Athens . This gentle advice not being followed , the German Emperor became highly insulted , threatened to withdraw from the alliance , declared himself no longer in sympathy with it , and had to be coaxed and flattered till he grew amiable again . Russia is openly in favor of Turkey , and is indignant with Greece for her warlike attitude , and that she should refuse Home Rule for Crete unless it is under the guidance of a Greek prince . It is quite certain that Greece knew all about these disagreements when she sent her reply , and was fully aware that her refusal would throw the Powers into the greatest confusion . Little country though she is , Greece has the best of the argument . If Europe decides to drive Greece out of Crete , she will have a great deal of trouble in doing so . Not only has Greece a large force of troops in Crete who are well provisioned , and able to remain some time without further supplies , but the whole Christian population of the island is on the side of Greece and will fight with her . If the Powers attack her , and try to drive her out of Crete , she will at once attack Turkey on the mainland , and with the help of Servia , Bulgaria , and what are known as the Balkan States ( from the Balkan Mountains which run through them ) will try her best to destroy the disreputable Turkish monarchy in Europe . The preparations for war are going steadily on . Greece has summoned all her army reserves , and ordered them to rejoin their regiments . All the men are answering willingly to the call . The army reserve is that part of the military force of a country which is not made a portion of the regular standing army . For instance , our States Militia , or National Guard , is an army reserve . The men belonging to it can follow other professions , and need not be soldiers all the time ; but they learn how to be soldiers , and can be called on by the government whenever soldiers are needed . Our standing army is very small . We have only about thirty thousand men in it ; but our National Guard , the reserves that would be called out in case of war , number over ten millions . In Greece there is a penalty of $ 200 for any man belonging to the reserve who does not answer the call of the country , and , moreover , neither distance nor citizenship in another country excuses him . If he does not answer the call , he will be arrested and imprisoned whenever he sets foot again in Greece . The United States Consul-General from Greece has been notified to call for all the Greeks in this country . They have answered willingly , and are arranging their affairs so that they may be ready to leave the moment war is declared . They are endeavoring to charter a ship to take them back . Over a thousand of the Greeks in this country answered the call the first day it was made . It seems almost sure that war between Turkey and Greece must come , and to this end Greece is hurrying troops , arms , and provisions to the Turkish frontier , every available steamship being chartered to aid in the work . A number of the warships of Great Britain and the other Powers have appeared near the Pir æ us , and it seems likely that some sort of a blockade may be maintained . In Crete itself , fighting is still going on . The allied Powers are making a very determined effort to subdue the Greeks . The Italians have forcibly put the Greek consul out of Canea . They took him into custody , and put him on board a Greek war-vessel , with a warning against trying to re-enter Canea . The correspondents of the Greek papers have also been ordered to leave the city , and they , too , will be forced to leave , if they do not go quietly . The British went to the town of Selino , which was being besieged by the Cretans , forced the insurgents to desist , and rescued the Moslems who were besieged , bringing them away from Selino under a strong escort of British soldiers . The Cretans were so enraged at the rescue , that in spite of the fact that they had promised the British commander that they would allow the Moslems in Selino to go free , they gathered at the gates and waited for the Moslems to come out , dashed through the soldiers who were guarding them , and tried to wound and rob them . A Russian warship made a cruise round the island a few days ago , and brought back word to the allies at Canea that fighting was going on near all the coast towns , and that the whole island seemed ablaze with war . Colonel Vassos has received orders from the King of Greece that he is to hold all the positions in the island now occupied by Greek troops , and to resist all attempts on the part of Turkey or the Powers to dislodge him . A report from Crete states that there has been trouble between Germany and Greece . A German vessel , the Kaiserin Augusta , ordered a Greek vessel , the Hydra , to come to a standstill , and fired a blank shot at her to make her obey . The Hydra immediately replied by firing a whole broadside at the German vessel , and went on her way . This report has not been fully verified , so after all it may not be true . Turkey , in the mean while , is following her usual method of saying nothing at all , simply waiting to see what happens . The various Sultans who have been ruling Turkey ever since the affairs of that country first began to scandalize Europe , have always maintained this same attitude , in the hope that the Powers which insisted on interfering in the affairs of Turkey might at last get into a serious quarrel among themselves , and so be obliged to leave Turkey alone . The Turkish troubles have been going on for years and years . The Armenian massacres , and the misrule in Crete , are only the last two of a long series of crimes which have made Turkey the horror and the despair of Europe . If the various Powers could only have agreed how to divide up the Turkish Empire between them , the Sultan would have been expelled from Europe long ago . But they never have agreed , and so the Sultan of Turkey has kept his throne . The Powers sent a note to Turkey at the same time that the one was despatched to Greece , telling him that they wished Crete to have Home Rule under the control of a Turkish prince . The Sultan 's reply was most amiable ; he agreed to the wishes of the Powers so willingly , that it is said that he is glad to have an opportunity of ridding himself of Crete , which has long been an annoyance and expense to his Empire . At the same time he , too , is massing troops on the frontier , ready to fly at the Greeks the moment war is declared . Affairs in Cuba are beginning to look a little brighter for the Cubans , but very dark and dismal for Spain . The last news from Madrid says that a Carlist rising is feared , and that Spain dares not send any more of her soldiers out of the country to help in the Cuban war . Her money is also exhausted . The enormous sums that were raised last year have been spent , and she has no means of raising any fresh loans . If she can send neither money nor men to further the Cuban war , it is likely that the Cubans will soon be victorious , for General Weyler says that he has not enough men to pacify the island ; the funds are so low , that the Spanish soldiers can neither be paid nor fed properly and are deserting to the Cuban ranks from sheer want . The Carlist rising , that is so much feared , concerns the pretensions of a certain Don Carlos to the throne of Spain . From the time of Philip V ., in 1713 , the succession to the Spanish throne had been according to the Salic law , from father to son ; or to the nearest male relative . The Salic law is a very old law , which provides that no woman can inherit lands , or occupy the throne . According to this law , if a king dies leaving several daughters , but no son , the throne passes away from the daughters , and goes to the nearest male relative , be he nephew , uncle , or cousin . In 1829 Ferdinand III . of Spain , having no sons , rendered the Salic law of no effect in Spain by a decree granting the right of succession to the daughters and granddaughters of the king . When Ferdinand died in 1833 , his daughter Isabella Maria II . was declared queen , and the brother of Ferdinand , who under the old law should have been king , was passed over . This brother was named Don Carlos . Don Carlos refused to recognize his brother 's decree , and declared himself King of Spain . Many of the nobles , who did not like the idea of being ruled by a woman , flocked to his standard , and war was declared against the party of the Queen by the people of Don Carlos ’ party , or Carlists , as they were called . For six years a cruel civil war raged , then Don Carlos was forced to give in . This first war was from 1833 to 1839 . In 1860 Don Carlos II ., the son of Don Carlos I . ( Ferdinand 's brother ) , declared himself King of Spain , and headed a new Carlist rising , which was again unsuccessful . There have been several unsuccessful uprisings since then . From 1873 to 1876 Don Carlos III . headed a rising which bid fair to be successful . Don Carlos III . is the direct descendant of Don Carlos I ., and is the present pretender to the Spanish throne , to which , according to the Salic law , he is the rightful heir . In January , 1876 , he was forced to give up the fight , and nothing more has been heard of him till the present time . There have been murmurs of new Carlist risings , but no actual trouble has been feared . Now , with the whole country enraged and dissatisfied at the mismanagement of the wars both in Cuba and the Philippines , Don Carlos is once more gathering his followers together . He has agents working for his cause in Cuba , as well as in Spain . In the Spanish army , there are at the present time a number of officers who fought for Don Carlos in the last war . These men were pardoned by the King of Spain when the Carlist revolt was subdued , and were allowed to enter the Spanish army . They have always been looked upon with suspicion , and have not risen to power , or grown rich , like the other officers . They are of course not very well satisfied with the present state of things , and are very willing to listen to Don Carlos ’ agents , who promise them promotion and fortune if they will once more return his standard . The rising is planned for an early date . While this is enough to harass the government , it is not all . There is another party in Spain , which it is feared will rise up and fight both the Carlists and the government . This party is called the Republican party , and it is thought to be the strongest of the three . Both Carlists and Republicans are using the mismanagement of the Cuban war as a means of turning the people against the government , and indeed the Spanish people are so disgusted with the waste of money and life , that they are ready to revolt against their rulers . A change in the government is almost sure to come , and the Carlists and Republicans are both trying to become the new power that is to get in when the old is overthrown . For these very good reasons the government has told General Weyler that neither men nor money can be sent to him . It seems that what money he has in hand will be used up by May 1st , and then no one knows what will be done . There is a general idea that while Spain will never withdraw her troops from Cuba , and allow that she is beaten , she will quietly drop the war , sending no more men or money to help carry it on , and leaving the Spaniards who are in Cuba to shift for themselves . The poverty of the Spanish soldiers is something pitiable . They are sick , hungry , and only half clothed . The medicines have given out and there is no money to buy any more , and so the poor fellows have to suffer without proper medical care . Then , too , the smallpox has broken out , the government has no means of checking it , and it is steadily gaining ground , until the people are dying like sheep . What pay is left for the poor soldier lads , after the officers have got through stealing it , is paid to them in the paper money Weyler tried to force on Cuba . ( You can read about it in No . 2 of THE GREAT ROUND WORLD .) This money is utterly worthless ; none of the Cuban merchants will take it , and yet it is given to the poor soldiers , and they are told to go and buy what they want , Weyler well knowing that they cannot purchase even postage-stamps with it . The disheartened , starving soldiers are falling back before the Cubans , and victory after victory is reported for the insurgent side . Havana has been attacked ! The insurgents actually passed through the suburbs , and reached Havana itself . They ransacked stores , put the whole population in a panic , but after a fierce fight of two hours were at last obliged to retire . Weyler did his best to keep this news from the people , but , before his plans were fully made , the Cubans made a fresh attack on another suburb of the city , endeavoring to seize a large quantity of provisions and arms that were stored there . This time they again loaded themselves with plunder , but failed to get the rich prize they had gone for . A part of the same force which attacked Havana descended on the town of Guines , also in Havana Province , and about thirty-five miles from the capital . After a few hours ’ struggle they succeeded in forcing the Spanish soldiers to take shelter in a church , and then they ransacked the town , and took $ 10 , 000 in gold from the government safe . Bejugad , another important town in the same province , was also attacked by the Cubans , and with equal success . It looks as if one great effort would win for Cuba the freedom for which she has worked so faithfully . The widow of the Dr. Ruiz who was reported to have been murdered in the Cuban prison has arrived in this country . She has gone to Washington , and has laid her sad story before the government , and asked for help . It seems that Mrs. Ruiz has some evidence which proves that the Spaniards were ill-using Dr. Ruiz . The evidence came to her in a most curious way . As we have mentioned before , the Spaniards do not put either beds or benches in their prisons . Their captives must either stand , or lie down on the filthy floors , among dirt and vermin . Mrs. Ruiz went to the authorities when her husband was arrested , and asked permission to send him a bed and some chairs . She was refused . But she still persisted . After many prayers and entreaties , she was finally allowed to send him a chair . When it was returned to her after his death , she found scratched in the varnish under the seat a message from her lost husband . In this message were the words , “ They are killing me ! ” The poor unhappy woman and her five helpless children have brought this message from the dead , and hope , with its aid , to convince this government of the wrongs she has suffered , and make them demand from Spain money to take care of her helpless family . Mrs. Ruiz is received by the President while her children play on the White House grounds The election of Mr. McKinley has brought the filibustering parties no better luck . It is said that much greater care is to be taken to prevent any such parties from leaving our shores . The Texas has been ordered to join the Montgomery off Florida , to watch for filibusters , and the President seems determined to maintain a strict neutrality . Matters in the Philippines look just about as gloomy as they do in Cuba , from the Spanish point of view . The same story of badly paid and starving soldiers comes from Manila that we got from Cuba , the same distress from fever and disease . The general in command is asking Spain for money and men , just as Weyler is asking . He says he cannot conquer the rebels without a larger force . With great reluctance Spain is sending a small force out , but it is understood that she can send no more men , and no money . The insurgents are gaining ground , and are said to fight with great steadiness and bravery . The only news from the Transvaal is that England has sent a very determined message to President Kr ü ger , demanding that he shall give the English-speaking people in the Transvaal what they are pleased to call their rights . It is said that some of the British ministers feel sure that war with the Transvaal must come before long , and that they are only too willing to have it come as quickly as possible . The ministers have decided that in the case of war being declared , a force of twenty thousand men will be quite enough to send out from England to conquer the country . It is understood that President Kr ü ger is kept informed of all that goes on in England in regard to his country , and is quite undismayed at the prospect of an invasion by the British . State Senator Lexow has made his report to the Legislature at Albany , as to the Trusts which he investigated , and the people generally are not satisfied with it . Mr. Lexow declares that Trusts are dangerous things , that they kill competition , help monopoly , dodge taxes , and make enormous profits . Having said this , he declares himself powerless to prevent any of the evils which he deplores . He thinks an amendment to the Constitution will be the only real means of remedying the evil , because the Trusts manage their business so cleverly that they avoid doing anything that breaks the law so openly that they can be punished , while all the time they are contriving to disobey and set the laws aside . One member of his Committee was , however , of opinion that the Sugar Trust had not been fairly dealt with . He presented a report of his own , in which he tried to show that this Trust was of great benefit to the State . A member of the Albany Legislature has , however , found out a way to stop Trusts . He has offered a bill making it a crime for a Trust to give any money , property , or thing of value to help any political campaign , or to attempt to bribe Congressmen to vote for its bills . The penalty for doing this will be a very heavy fine and the breaking up of the Trust . While we are on the subject of Trusts , we must mention a very interesting case which came up the other day . An action was brought by a workingman against the Knights of Labor , sometimes called the Labor Trust . The workingman , an engineer named Charles Curran , was employed by the Miller Brewing Company in Rochester . He was a clever workman , and had a steady job , and good wages . One day the Knights of Labor called on him , told him that he must join their society , pay the necessary fees , and allow himself to be guided in future by their rules . They told him that , if he refused , they would see that he was discharged , and make it impossible for him to get further employment . Curran did refuse , and the Knights of Labor went to his employers and demanded that he be dismissed . The Brewing Company had an agreement with the Knights of Labor to employ only members of the association in its works . They dared not refuse the request for fear of a strike being ordered , so they discharged Curran . True to their threat , the Knights of Labor watched Curran , and prevented him from getting work in the city of Rochester . He finally was forced to go to another town , but he soon found that he was a marked man . Word was sent from one branch of the Knights of Labor to another to follow Curran , and prevent his getting work . From being a prosperous , well-to-do man , he became very poor , and finally suffered for food . Then he went to the courts and asked for help . His case has been before different judges for seven years , but at last it has been decided in his favor . The Court of Appeals , the highest court in the State , has decided that it was not lawful for the brewers of Rochester to make a contract with the Knights of Labor , agreeing only to employ members of the society in their works . Further , that it was not lawful for this contract to be used as a means of depriving a man of the opportunity to earn a living . The Court ordered that Curran should be given money for the damage he had sustained through the loss of his work , that the Knights of Labor should pay him this money , and should besides pay all the expenses of the trial . This Labor Trust has been one of the most dangerous of all the Trusts , because the members of it have made it a practice to force every workman to join it , or else treats them as it treated Curran . Up to the present time men have been afraid to disobey the orders of the Knights , but now that this very important case has been settled in favor of a man who is not a member of the Trust , it is to be hoped that workingmen will have the courage to seek the aid of the law against the Labor Union , when it treats them unjustly . President McKinley has chosen the various gentlemen who are to be his advisers for the next four years , and his Cabinet is now complete . On Wednesday , March 5th , the day after his inauguration , President McKinley sent word to the Senate that he had a message for it , and almost immediately after word was brought that he had chosen the men whom he would like to have for his Cabinet officers , and would be glad if the Senate would confirm his appointments . The names of the Cabinet officers are as follows : Secretary of State , John Sherman . Secretary of the Treasury , Lyman Gage . Secretary of War , Gen. Russell A. Alger . Attorney-General , Joseph McKenna . Postmaster-General , James A. Gary . Secretary of the Navy , John D. Long . Secretary of the Interior , Cornelius N. Bliss . Secretary of Agriculture , James Wilson . The Senate confirmed the President 's nominations , and the matter of the Cabinet was settled . A very exciting account of a trip down a lumber flume comes from Pomona , California . It seems that in the lumber regions on the Pacific Coast , flumes are built for the purpose of carrying the lumber from the camps in the mountains to the sawmills in the valleys below . These flumes are a kind of V-shaped trough , about three feet deep , and are built on trestles after the manner of the elevated roads . The height of the flume from the ground ranges from twenty to one hundred and twenty feet , and they are fifty to sixty-five miles long . The logs are floated down on water that is turned into the flume from the mountain streams . The time taken to make the trip is from two to three hours . A party of three men was invited to go up to a lumber camp and take a trip down into the valley by one of these flumes . All three of them were accustomed to tobogganing , and thinking it would be only a toboggan slide on a huge scale , they decided to go . They spent the night at the lumber camp , and were roused up very early in the morning , so that they might get down to their business in the valley betimes . After a hearty breakfast , they wrapped themselves up as warmly as they could , and prepared for their trip . They had left warm weather in the valley , but here in the mountains the snow lay thick , and it was bitter cold . They shivered ( not altogether with cold ) when they caught sight of the little boat that was to take them their fifty miles . The boat was a very rough-looking thing , nailed together without much care , and did not look over-strong . However , as none of the three was willing to be the first man to give in , they stepped into the little craft , and gripping the seats firmly , in obedience to the orders of the lumbermen , were pushed off . For the first few minutes their experience was something terrible . They were going at such a frightful rate of speed that they could hardly catch breath ; they seemed to be falling down the side of the mountain , and every moment the speed of their fall increased . They flew past snowy mountains and ice-bound rivers , and had no time to see anything . Each man remembered all the dreadful stories he had heard about accidents in flumes , and at every curve and turn expected to be dashed to pieces in the ca ñ on below . So they sped onward , past rocks and cliffs , down , down , down , until they flew out of the regions of snow and ice over hillsides clothed with vineyards . Still down , past orchards , the trees in full bloom , down and still down , until their fear had passed , and they were able to enjoy the novelty of their position . Suddenly a curve in the flume brought them into a wide stretch of water , and they had reached their journey 's end . The little boat , still propelled by the force it had gathered in its journey down the mountainside , cut its way through the water , and reached the wharf ,— only two hours having been taken for the trip . It must have been a wonderful ride . What a clever and yet simple device for bringing the lumber down from the mountains with so little trouble and expense ! Some people have been complaining that Mr. Theodore Roosevelt , the President of the Board of Police , has been giving the men , who want to join the force , such a severe examination that it is almost impossible for half of them to answer the hard questions that are asked . Mr. Roosevelt declares that it is necessary that policemen should be intelligent men , and have some slight amount of education . He thinks they ought to know a little about the history of this country , and of the laws which they are called to uphold . He says the questions were only such as a fairly bright child could answer with ease , and that the men who cannot answer them have no business on the force . To prove the truth of this , he prints a few of the answers made by the rejected policemen , and asks the people who complain to read them , and then let him know whether they would like to have such ignorant men as guardians of the law . One question was : “ Name five of the New England States . ” One man wrote : “ England , Ireland , Scotland , Whales , and Cork ” ; and another , “ London , Africa , and New England . ” To the question : “ On what instrument is the Government of the United States founded ? ” one answer was : “ On paper . ” “ Into what three branches is the Government of the United States divided ? ” puzzled them sorely . “ Republicans , Dimulcrats , and Popperlists , ” seemed the favorite answer . “ What is the highest department of the United States Courts ? ” also worried them badly . “ The Fire Department , ” was written by several . Others suggested , “ Sir Pream 's Court . ” “ Why July 4th and February 22d were made legal holidays ? ” was quite beyond their understanding . “ The day on which George Washington landed and crossed the Delaware ” ; “ The day on which the President takes his seat ” ; and “ July Forth was the end of the warre , ” were three of the brilliant suggestions . I think we ought all of us to be very much obliged to Mr. Roosevelt for preventing such ignorant men as these from being set in authority , and having the difficult duties of the police to perform . GENIE H. ROSENFELD . LETTERS FROM OUR YOUNG FRIENDS . DEAR EDITOR : I have been taking THE GREAT ROUND WORLD for two weeks , and think it fine . I thought I would ask you a few questions , as I knew you would be glad to answer them . Is England in favor of Turkey or Greece ? and will United States ever help Cuba ? Yours respectfully , LEONARD O. SOMERVILLE , MASS . DEAR LEONARD : You have asked us the two questions that are puzzling the wisest heads of Europe and America . Europe wants to know what England will do , and with whom she is siding ; and all America wants to know whether we are going to help Cuba . THE GREAT ROUND WORLD only claims to tell its readers what has happened . The Editor does not profess to be a prophet , and able to foretell events . We are glad to answer any questions that we can , but you have given us two difficult conundrums that we cannot solve . Better luck next time . THE EDITOR . INVENTION AND DISCOVERY . NEW ROAD TO ELECTRICITY .— A paper was read recently before the New York Electrical Society on the subject of a new method of producing electricity . Illustration The discoverer of this process is Mr. Willard E. Case . He has been working for ten years on this subject , and recently showed the results of his labors to the scientific men assembled to hear him . Mr. Case claims that his discovery , when it is worked out to its conclusion , will mean a new motor or driving force to do the world 's work , in place of steam , and he insists that the new force will be much cheaper than any now in use . Mr. Case has found a means of generating electricity without the use of heat . It has long been known that there was a terrible waste of electrical energy through the use of heat . The method of producing it by galvanic batteries was impossible for large electric plants , because the zinc that had to be used was too expensive . The great point of Mr. Case 's discovery lies in the fact that he has succeeded in doing with carbon , and without heat , what the galvanic battery does with zinc . He is very modest about his invention , and says that at the present moment it has no practical value whatever ; but that to scientists a way has been opened which will lead them into a new field of thought ; and that , when his discovery has been worked out , and applied to practical methods , tremendous results will be achieved . A BIG PYTHON .— A story comes from St. Augustine , Fla ., of the capture of a huge python by Walter Ralston , a young man who was employed in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington . Some weeks ago a story was told of the wreck of a ship carrying a circus , and that the big python had escaped , and was in Rock Key , off the Florida coast . Mr. Ralston determined to go and catch the horrid reptile , so he went down to Florida and tried to secure guides . He had great difficulty in doing so , for the whole country was in terror of the snake , and no one wanted to take the risk of hunting him . At last Mr. Ralston found men , and landed at the Key . They found the snake coiled up on the body of a small doe he had caught . The Indians immediately ran away . But Mr. Ralston was not in the least afraid , and , boldly approaching , tried to put a bag over the python 's head . Illustration The reptile avoided the bag , and struck at him , catching its fangs in his coat , and in a moment had twisted its tail around him , and was crushing him to death in its horrid folds . He shouted for help , but the Indians were at first too scared to come to his aid . At last one ventured near , and laid hold of the serpent 's tail ; and the others helping , they succeeded in unwinding the reptile and getting Mr. Ralston out of its clutches . He was more dead than alive , but even then would not give up the chase . As soon as he was sufficiently recovered they started after the python once more . And two of the Indians managing to engage the creature 's attention , Mr. Ralston slipped the bag over its head , and it was caught . It struggled desperately for a long time , frightening the whole party nearly out of their wits lest it should get away . But at last they had it safe ; and binding it tightly they carried it off . G. H. R . BOOK REVIEWS . Charles Scribner 's Sons , Fifth Avenue , New York , have sent us one of the most fascinating books to write to THE GREAT ROUND WORLD boys about . Dan Beard 's American Boy 's Book of Sport . No one but a boy could have written such a tip-top boy 's book . Dan Beard is a boy , and has been a boy for thirty or more years , and always will be a boy even if he lives twice thirty years more . In this book of his he has put a host of good things that we boys need every day . Spring , Summer , Autumn , and Winter games ; how to play marbles ; make and fly kites ; make a boat , and sail it , too ; how to fish , skate , shoot , and swim , and hundreds of other things are in this book of books — and all are told as only a boy can tell boys . It is not filled with impossible games that you never wish to play , impossible kites that you cannot fly , boats that you cannot row or sail , ways of swimming that you cannot learn to swim , or kinds of fishing that you cannot fish , but is just filled cram full , from cover to cover , with just what you will wish to know if you want to keep on being noble , strong , manly boys . We cannot say all that we would wish to in this short space , but you can find out all about it by writing to Mr. Moffat , care of Charles Scribner 's Sons . Ask him for a full catalogue . This will be sent free to any reader of the GREAT ROUND WORLD . = THE FAMOUS “ X RAY ” PICTURES = Copies of the very interesting R ö ntgen or “ X Ray ” photographs can be obtained now from The Great Round World . These famous photographs are mounted on cards , size 11 x 14 inches , and are from selected negatives made by PROF. M. I . PUPIN , of Columbia University , New York , DR. A. W . GOODSPEED , of University of Pennsylvania , and DR. W. F . MAGIE , of Princeton College . A selection of 39 different subjects is offered . = PRICE , 50 CENTS EACH , ( to yearly subscribers of The Great Round World , 40 cents net ) .= Address all orders to THE GREAT ROUND WORLD , or = William Beverley Harison 3 & 5 West 18th Street New York City = Great Round World Polisher = Will take rust off your wheel , will polish your skates , your gun , your fishing-reel — any and every polished metal surface can be kept clean with it . .. .. .. .. .. ..= It will polish knives — can be used as a knife sharpener . Put up in small packages convenient to carry in your bicycle tool-bag ; full directions with each package . = BEWARE OF IMITATIONS . THIS POLISHER IS FULLY WARRANTED BY “ THE GREAT ROUND WORLD . "= If it does not do all that we say , and a great deal more , we will refund amount paid at any time . = CHEAP AND DURABLE =— will remain good until last morsel is used up . = NON-POISONOUS ! != Every boy or girl , man or woman , can use it safely . = Price , 25 cents ( 13 two-cent stamps ) , postage paid to any address .= = CAN BE OBTAINED BY ALL FIRST-CLASS DEALERS .= WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON , 5 West 18th Street , New York City . = EVERY PACKAGE BEARS THIS NAME .= NOTICE . Booksellers and Newsdealers will furnish at price advertised any book named in GREAT ROUND WORLD , or copies of = The Great Round World =. = Subscriptions =, either single or in quantity , or at club rates , may be placed with booksellers or newsdealers in any town . We allow them commission on = all such business =, that our customers may be promptly and satisfactorily served . If your bookseller or newsdealer does not keep THE GREAT ROUND WORLD call his attention to this notice , and ask him to write to = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON , 3 & 5 W. 18th Street , NEW YORK CITY .=