THE KNICKERBOCKER . VOL . XXII . OCTOBER , 1843 . NO . 4 . CHRONICLES OF THE PAST . BY AN AMERICAN ANTIQUARY . THE old town of Ipswich , in the Bay State , exhibits many rare relics of antiquity . Purchased under the title of Agawam , in the early settlement of the colony , and granted in the year 1632 to twelve freeholders who made oath of their ‘ intention of settlement , ’ it dates back its origin among the very first townships of New-England . At that time , and for many years afterward , it was the northern frontier of Massachusetts , and was constantly exposed to the attacks of the tribes of Indians in its neighborhood . Though its population was composed mostly of tillers of the soil , the buildings , unlike all other farming towns of the commonwealth , were erected for common safety upon a single street ; and even to this day its sturdy yeomanry live in town , though the farms they cultivate are many of them miles distant in the country . The old street is still in existence , and we venture to say that it has not its parallel in all New-England . Antique domicils , exhibiting the English architectural style of the seventeenth century ; sturdy block-houses , erected to defend the early settlers from the hostile incursions of the crafty foe ; barns , shops , and crazy wood-sheds , leaning and trembling in extreme decrepitude ; and chairs , tables , bureaus , bedsteads , and pictures , all relics of a former age , each one of which would be a gem in the cabinet of an antiquary , daily exposed for sale in the windows of the trucksters or on the counter of the auctioneer ; are found in rich profusion through this old street of the Pilgrims . But better than all else is the church-yard , the original burial-place , with its green graves and gray headstones ; its turf-sward running far up the hill to the tall elms and luxuriant evergreens that crown the summit ; and its nameless hillocks , catching the evening sunlight as it falls in long lines athwart the green-slope , and reflecting it back upon the passer-by with peculiar brightness ! I love those old grave-stones , half sunk in the church-yard mould ; mid the rudely-carved cherubims with their swollen cheeks and distended wings , or the more frequent emblems of skull and cross-bones , are to my eye far more grateful and appropriate than the modern blazonry upon heavy shafts , on tall , slim marbles . It is well worth the visit of many a long mile , to walk in that ancient cemetery , and read the rustic epitaphs that would teach us to live and die . There side by side , ‘ Where heaves the turf in many a mouldering heap , ’ lie the old puritans , the rude forefathers of the hamlet , who fled from the father-land in search of freedom to worship God ; and though they may have possessed grievous faults , yet who does not venerate their unyielding firmness and holy piety ? There too sleep the early pastors of the American churches ; the men of rare endowments and ripest learning , who turned their backs upon the livings of the old country , that they might plant the standard of the cross in this distant wilderness . And there too rest the loved and venerated of our own day , for whom , even now that so many long years have fled , one feels as if it were impiety so utterly to have ceased to weep , so seldom to remember ! One there was , whose voice was sweet to my ear in childhood ; whose eyes , bedimmed into a pathetic beauty , never restrained the glee that sparkled in the orbs of those about her ; her , who had so long heard the voice that called her , whispering in her ear , that she could smile at its accents , and feel those silent words to be cheerful as angel 's tones . In one corner of the cemetery , where a low sunken fence separates it from a neighboring court-yard , is the grave of Richard Shatswell , the first deacon of Ipswich church . In his first and only place of residence until he emigrated , the city of Ipswich , England , he was a man of considerable importance , having for several successive years borne the honor of mayor of that town . But the unjust laws against the dissenters hampered him : he could not take the oaths of office ; he would not make the sacrifice of principle to personal honor or private emolument : and popular dissensions bearing hard upon his refusal to recant his sentiments , he fled his country , and became one of the first freeholders of Agawam . It is remarkable , that on the very spot where the good man pitched his tent and cleared his land ; on the very farm where he sowed his grain and raised his crops ; lives and labors the only descendant in the sixth generation who bears the name of Shatswell . He is now an old man , and retains in his face and character strong impress of his puritanical descent , as indeed does every thing about him the mark of family antiquity . The house is one of those substantial old mansions which our ancestors delighted to rear ; and though now far advanced in its second century , its stanch oak timbers , and heavy mouldings , and massive ballustrades , bid fair to last for many generations . Every article of furniture which the house contains carries you far back into olden time . The andirons in the broad fire-place , bearing the mark of 1596 ; the high-backed , spinster-looking chairs ; the fantastic legs of the upright bureau ; the ponderous bellows and painted china ; all are but epistles of the habits of our sires . Better than all , however , are the family pictures ranged along the walls , where our grandmothers vie in broad hoops and stiff stomachers , with the more unassuming costume of their daughters . I found there were connected , as usual , with these old paintings many anecdotes of the past . At the time of the war of the revolution , the lady of the manor was a descendant of Simon Bradstreet , one of the early governors of the province , whom Mather calls the ‘ Nestor of New-England . ’ Her husband was a stanch whig , a leader of one of the classes into which the town was divided ; and though the good lady coincided fully in his political sentiments , she did not much like the infringement upon domestic luxuries which many of the patriotic resolutions of the meetings contemplated . In short , Madame Shatswell loved her cup of tea , and as a large store had been provided for family use before the tax , she saw no harm in using it as usual upon the table . There were in those days , as there are now , certain busy-bodies who kindly take upon themselves the oversight of their neighbors ’ affairs , and through them the news of the treason spread over the town . A committee from the people immediately called at the house to protest against the drinking of tea . The good lady received their visit kindly , informed them of the circumstances of the case , and dismissed them perfectly satisfied . Some months passed away , and one Sabbath Madame Shatswell 's daughter , a bright-eyed , coquettish damsel , appeared at church in a new bonnet . This was a new cause of excitement , and the committee came again to administer reproof . The lady satisfied them again , however ; and they , finding that the hat contained no treason to the people 's cause , again departed . Two years of the war had now passed away , and mean while the daughter , Jeanette , had found a lover . It was the beginning of winter ; the army had just gone into winter quarters ; and the young suitor was daily expected home . Wishing to appear well in his eyes , the maiden had spun and woven with her own hands a new linen dress , from flax raised upon the homestead ; and some old ribands , long laid aside , having been washed and ironed to trim it withal , the damsel appeared in it at church on the Sunday after her lover 's arrival . Here was fresh cause of alarm , and forthwith on Monday morning came the officious committee , to remonstrate against the extravagance . The old lady 's spirit was now aroused , and she could contain herself no longer . ‘ Do you come here , ’ was her well-remembered reply , ‘ do you come here to take me to task , because my daughter wore a gown she spun and wove with her own hands ? Three times have you interfered with my family affairs . Three times have you come to tell me that my husband would be turned out of his office . Now mark me ! There is the door ! As you came in , so you may go out ! But if you ever cross my threshold again , you shall find that calling Hannah Bradstreet a tory will not make her a coward ! ’ It is needless to add that Madame Shatswell 's family affairs were thereafter left to her own guidance . But they are all gone , mother and daughter , sire and son ; and the five generations of the old family sleep side by side in the church-yard . A little farther up the hill , just under the shade of that stunted sycamore , rises the humbler grave-stone of ‘ Joseph Smith , a patriot in the revolution , ’ who is more familiarly remembered in town , however , as ‘ Serjeant Joe . ’ Mr. Smith was one of those persons whose characters are formed by the times in which they live ; and as he lived in the war of the revolution , and then mostly by stealing provisions for his mess , the times may be said to have made him a thief . And yet how hard a name to give to Serjeant Joe , for a kinder heart than his never beat in any man 's bosom . Indeed , his very pilfering propensities may be said to have arisen from an excess of sympathy for human wretchedness . For his own advantage he would have scorned to wrong a man of a single farthing ; but for the poor or the suffering , his morals were not stern enough to resist the temptation . Indeed , he often said that he ‘ could n't help it , when he know 'd poor folks was suffering ; and that they should n't suffer as long as he had any hands to provide for them ! ’ And so it was . If the long winter had almost consumed the widow 's fuel , the serjeant 's hand-sled , piled with wood , helped marvellously to eke it out . If a sick child pined for a roasted apple , the serjeant 's capacious pockets unloaded golden stores of russets and gilliflowers . Indeed , if poverty of any kind pinched neighbor or friend , the kind old serjeant was ever ready with relief ; so that at last he began to be considered by both thrifty and needy as the almoner of the town 's bounty , and his peccadilloes were regarded as the eccentricities only of a benevolent heart . The serjeant 's continuance in the army was for the whole duration of the war . At the very first exhibition of American courage which proved so fatal to the British troops in their excursion to Lexington and Concord , Serjeant Smith showed himself a skilful marksman . Learning from the rumor , which seemed to have spread that night with a speed almost miraculous , the destination of the detachment , he arose from his bed , equipped himself with cartridges and a famous rifle he had used at Lovell 's fight at Fryeburgh , saddled his horse , and started for Lexington meeting-house . Meeting with a variety of hindrances , and twice escaping narrowly from some straggling parties of the red-coats , it was late when he arrived on the ground , and the troops were already on their rapid retreat toward Boston . Learning that the people were all abroad , lining the fences and woods to keep up the fire upon the enemy , he started in pursuit , and in the course of a few miles , on riding up a hill , he found the detachment just before him . Throwing the reins upon his horse and starting him to full speed , he rode within a close rifle shot , and fired at one of the leading officers . The officer fell ; and the serjeant , retreating to a safe distance , loaded his rifle again , and again rode up and fired , with equal success . He pursued the same course a third time , when the leader of the retreating body ordered a platoon to fire upon him . It was unavailing , however ; and a fourth , fifth , and sixth time , the old rifle had picked off its man , while its owner retreated in safety . ‘ D — n the man ! ’ exclaimed the officer , ‘ give me a musket , and I 'll see if he bears a charmed life , if he comes in sight again ! ’ It was but a moment , and again the old white horse came over the brow of a hill . The officer fired , but in vain ; and before the smoke of his charge had cleared away , he too had fallen before the unerring marksman , and was left behind by his flying troops . When the day had closed , the wounded were collected by the neighbors upon the road , and every kindness rendered to them . The officer was not dead , and on being laid upon a bed where his wounds could be examined , his first question , even under the apprehension of immediate death , was , ‘ Who was that old fellow on the white horse ? ’ By his side sleeps his brother soldier , Ensign Edward Ross , whose stories of ‘ flood and field ’ beguiled many a winter evening at the farmer 's fireside . How well I remember those tales of ‘ Saratogue ’ with which the veteran used to surprise us , and my boyish wonder ‘ Stood a-tiptoe when the day was waned , ’ to hear the marvellous exploits he had himself performed at the ‘ taking of Burg'ine . ’ If you would believe him , the part he had acted brought distinguished honor to the American standard , wherever he chanced to have been , through the whole war ; and I doubt if an engagement or skirmish could have been named in which he had not manfully battled for our freedom . He was none of your timorous story-tellers , ever distrusting your faith and doubting how far he should go ; but a bold , hearty liar , plunging at once into the very depths of your credulity . Let the turf be piled high on the fire , the hearth be swept , the women-folks be seated on one side of the capacious fire-place , and the host with mug in hand turn round and say , ‘ Come , uncle Edward , it 's dry work talking ; take a drink of our old October , and let 's have a story about the revolution ; ’ and the old man would reel off such yarns as a veteran from Cape Cod might have envied . Methinks I see him now , his staff standing in the jam , and his gray eye lighting up with the fire of youthful days , as he recounted the feats of arms , in language as clear and copious as one of his own mountain streams . Light lie the turf upon thy ashes , old soldier , and green grow the grass over thy resting-place ! But passing over these , let us come to an enclosure that contains the grave of a father and his twin daughters , sleeping side by side in the church-yard . How quiet is the spot ! How beautiful the resting-place of the last of their race ! The daisies grow sweetly under the scented thorns that bend over the mounds , and the moss-rose buds , jewelled with dew-drops on summer mornings , are faint emblems of the loveliness of the maidens who rest beneath . The father , a man high in his country 's estimation , and whose name is associated with more than one of her victories upon the ocean , suffering from the effects of a wound received in the engagement of the Hornet , had retired from the navy after the declaration of peace , to reside on his paternal homestead , and superintend in person the education of his daughters . He had known sorrow ; for the wife and mother had died and been buried among strangers in a distant land while he was absent upon service ; and the children , the only descendants of his own or the maternal race , became more than ever the objects of his fondest idolatry . They had been carefully instructed during his absence ; had grown in beauty of person and mind to the maturity of womanhood ; and were in every way fitted to increase and bless the affection of the father . Though years have passed away , there are many who still remember the strong love that bound together the inmates of that retired mansion , and the elegance which seemed to attach itself to every thing about them . To a finished education and a thorough knowledge of the world , Captain A —— added a strong mind , which threw an influence over every one with whom he associated . Upon his daughters , both partaking more of the yielding disposition of the mother than of the father 's firmness , it was most manifest ; and never in disposition , or mind , or daily duty , were children more moulded to a parent 's will . With a love of nature , and a quick perception of the beautiful in all her varieties , they would wander through the wood-lands and pastures , collecting minerals and flowers to arrange and classify and study under his direction . Guided too by him , they would scour the hills for miles around , to trace out the ruined fortifications of the early settlers , or to discover relics of the aboriginal inhabitants ; and then , seated on the grass beside him , listen to his teachings . It was a beautiful group , that father and daughters ; and whenever you found them , at morning or evening , by hill or brook or sea-shore , they impressed you with a loveliness that seemed too fair for earth . Thus passed away the winter and summer of a single year . Autumn came again , with its golden hues and soft sunlight days , bringing joy and contentment to the dwellers of Oak-grove . Winter approached , but with it came the symptoms of premature decay . What meant that hectic flush on the cheek of the taller maiden , and why the suppressed cough , and the shrinking and saddened spirit ? The father , keenly alive to all that affected the only objects of his life , sought the skill of the ablest physicians , and by their advice determined to try the benefit of a warmer climate . Preparations were instantly made for the voyage ; and scarcely a week had elapsed before they were embarked and far away toward the sunny South . There every thing was done which skill and the affection of loving hearts could do , to drive away the approach of the insidious malady . Rides , walks , parties of pleasure , games at home and amusements abroad , every device to exhilarate the mind and fortify the courage of the fair invalid , were tried , repeated , and failed ; and on the opening of another summer , the father , broken-hearted and in despair , returned home to lay his loved one in the grave . That long summer ! who of that family can ever forget it ? The assiduous attention of sister and parent to the dying one ; the slow ride each morning to accustomed resort of brook or tree or hill-side ; the room filled with melody or fragrant with flowers ; the declining strength , cutting off one by one the enjoyments of the still beautiful sufferer ; the hopes , alternately encouraged or depressed , even to the last ; and sweeter , better than all , the soft tones of the sister or the manly voice of the father , subdued and often broken , reading page after page of God 's Holy Word to the gentle listener , and in the firmness of Christian grace bidding her ‘ Look to HIM who trod before The desolate paths of life ; And bear in meekness , as He gently bore , Sorrow and pain and strife : ’ and then the death-scene , too sacred to be unfolded to the eyes of strangers , but beautiful as is ever the exit of the believer ; are all imprinted upon the hearts of those who witnessed them , never to be effaced . The spirit of Captain A ——, crushed by the heavy blow , clung more closely to the surviving daughter , and in her increased fondness seemed to find a support from utter wretchedness . Alas ! that support was also doomed to fail him ! The assiduous attention so long rendered to the deceased had proved too much ; the same disease had fastened upon her ; and ere a twelvemonth had elapsed , she too had sunk , quietly , gently , in the calmness of christian faith , into the same grave . Her parting words , ‘ I shall not leave you long behind , father ! ’ seemed prophetic of the end ; for a month had not gone when he too , borne on the arms of four of his fellow-officers , was laid beside his daughters . That enclosure in the old burial-place is sacred to many hearts . I have seen the mother sitting beside it , and have heard her , holding the little hands of her child between her 's , repeat the tale of sorrow , until it 's blue eyes filled with tears at the sad recital . I have listened to the voice of the summer night-wind , as I hung over the rude paling ; have watched the stars looking down with their tremulous beams upon the green graves ; absorbed in the recollection of the beauty that was laid beneath ; and might have listened and watched until they paled in the morning twilight , but for the deep , solemn sound of the old church-clock , warning me of the hour of midnight . HOPE : FROM THE GERMAN . HOPE on the cradled infant smiles , And plays round the frolicksome boy ; The youth with her magical enchantment beguiles , Nor can age her power destroy ; For when in death at last he lies , Hope sits on the grave and points to the skies . Nor is this the fair dream , unsubstantial and vain , Of a head with wild fancies elate ; The heart from within echoes loudly again , ‘ We are born for a happier state : ’ And what that voice would bid us believe , The hoping soul will never deceive ! AN OLD MAN 'S REMINISCENCE . ‘ AN old revolutionary officer , now living in New York at the advanced age of ninety-one , in every respect a gentleman of the old school , paid a visit , some eight years since , to a friend in Albany ; and while there , was taken to the house and room in which , fifty years before , he had been married . In a letter to his grand-daughter he gave an account of this visit , and his feelings on the occasion ; and she , having a rhyming propensity , threw the dear old gentleman and his reminiscence into the accompanying lines . ’ AN old man stood , in serious mood , within an ancient room , And o'er his features gathered fast a shade of deeper gloom , While to his eye , bedimmed with age , came up the gushing tears , As Memory from her hidden cells recalled long-buried years . What were his thoughts that hour , which thus awakened many a sigh ? What brought the shadow o'er his brow , the moisture to his eye ? What in that old familiar place had power to touch his heart , To call that cloud of sorrow up , and bid that tear-drop start ? The past ! the past ! how rolled the tide of Time 's swift river back , While the bright rays of youth and love shed lustre on its track ! Full fifty summer suns had shone , since on that silent spot Had passed a scene , while life was left could never be forgot . There had the holiest tie been formed , the marriage vow been given , And she who spoke it then with him was now a saint in heaven ! But long , long intervening years seemed like an idle dream , As o'er his soul with glowing light came that bright vision-gleam . He stood before the holy man , with her his youthful bride , And spoke again the plighting word that bound him to her side ; Again he clasped the small fair hand that hour had made his own , The vision faded — and he stood all desolate and lone ! His youthful brow is silvered o'er with four-score winters ’ snows ; The faltering step , the furrowed cheek , tell of life 's certain close : The plighted bride , the faithful wife , beloved so long , so true , Now sleeps beneath the burial-sod where spring the wild-flowers blue . There is no music in his home , no light around his hearth ! The childish forms that frolicked there , have passed with all their mirth ; Years have rolled by — the changing years — and now he stands alone , Musing upon ‘ the past ! the past ! ’ — hopes faded , loved ones gone ! Yet , aged pilgrim ! dry the tear — suppress the rising sigh ; Look upward , onward , to the scenes of immortality ! Fleet be the moments , if they bear in their resistless flight The spirit on to that pure world of blessedness and light . There are thy loved ones , gathered safe , in beauty side by side , And there the partner of thy life , thy manhood 's gentle bride ; Fair as she stood in that sweet hour , this day recalled to mind , A little season gone before , a better rest to find : And thou , when death shall close thine eye , in heaven that rest wilt share , And find the tie once broken here , indissoluble there . New-York , August , 1843 . M. N. M . THE INNOCENCE OF A GALLEY-SLAVE . CONCLUDED FROM OUR LAST . FOR more than six weeks doctor Mallet had two patients instead of one under his charge , in the house of Monsieur Gorsay . For some days the situation of Lucia seemed more precarious than that of the old man , to whom ungratified vengeance imparted an energy which triumphed over the weakness of age , as well as the severity of his wounds . While the outraged husband thus clung desperately to life , which he would not leave unavenged , the young wife , stricken by gloomy despair , seemed hastening to meet an untimely and longed-for dissolution . On seeing her becoming day by day more feeble and more excited , the prey of a slow fever which after exhausting the body threatened to seize upon the brain , and extinguish reason , the physician regretted more than once the rude test to which he had resorted , with the view of rendering his remedies more efficacious by disclosing the source of the malady . By degrees , however , his persevering efforts triumphed over a disease whose hold the youth of Lucia rendered less tenacious . The fever abated before it had carried its ravages into the sanctuary of the mind ; as a conflagration , after destroying many meaner buildings , has its progress stayed at the threshold of a stately temple . The young wife gradually recovered her strength , and preserved her mental powers . Sad triumph of art ! With loss of reason she would perhaps have lost the sense of her misfortune . Monsieur and Madame Gorsay had not seen each other since the day of the attempted assassination . Separated from each other , but united by one common thought , equally bitter to both , during the long hours of their sad vigils they had emptied to the dregs the contents of the empoisoned chalice of an ill-assorted union . Monsieur Gorsay was first in a condition to infringe the strict rules established by the physician . One evening , taking advantage of the momentary absence of his attendant , he left his apartment , and with difficulty ascended to that of Lucia . With a gesture of command he dismissed the nurse , who , terrified by his unexpected appearance , stood for some moments motionless at the door . Lucia was sitting , or rather reclining , upon a sofa near the fire-place . At sight of her husband she made no movement , spoke not a word , but remained motionless , with eyes riveted upon him with an expression of horror . Husband and wife gazed on each other for some time in silence , marking with gloomy avidity the ravages which disease and suffering had made upon both since their separation . The old man found the young wife whom he had left full of bloom and freshness , now wan and emaciated . Lucia perceived many new furrows on the brow of her husband ; but soon her whole attention was absorbed by the peculiar expression of his eyes , which glowed upon her with implacable passion . ‘ It seems then that I must pay you a visit , since you do not choose to descend , ’ said Monsieur Gorsay , seating himself at the other side of the fire-place . ‘ They might have told you that I was ill myself , ’ replied Lucia , in a feeble voice . ‘ And had you not been ill you would not have left me ? Oh ! I doubt it not ! ’ said the old man , with a bitter smile . ‘ But yes ; I see that you have been ill. You are so changed , that when I first entered I hardly knew you . To judge from your appearance , you must have suffered much . ’ ‘ Much ! ’ said the young female , repressing a sigh . ‘ To suffer ! and at your age ! this seems very unjust , does it not ? ’ continued Monsieur Gorsay with ironical compassion ; ‘ for me now , who have lived so long , and am only fit for the grave , suffering is very suitable . But for you , a child , a flower , to suffer ! Yes indeed , I can imagine how so strange a destiny surprises you , and makes you murmur . It was my part to suffer all the pains , yours to enjoy all the pleasures . What are a few drops of useless blood in comparison with those bitter pearls , the traces of which I see in your eyes ? I have been a great egotist , no doubt ; I ought to have shed your tears as well as my own , so that the lustre of your beauty might not have been dimmed ; and I would have had but a sorrow the more ! ’ The old man dropped his head upon his breast , and remained silent for some time . ‘ You do not answer me , ’ continued he , steadily regarding his wife . ‘ You have asked me nothing , ’ answered Lucia , with a mournful air . ‘ You are right ; my head is so weak that I cannot remember what I have been saying the minute previous ; or rather , I think I said what was not in my thoughts . What was it I wished to ask you ? Ah ! here it is ! ’ continued he , after having appeared to tax his memory ; ‘ do you think yourself strong enough to bear a short journey ? ’ ‘ What journey ? ’ said the wife , with secret disquietude . ‘ The journey to Bordeaux . You know it is but a short distance . ’ ‘ And what have we to do at Bordeaux ? ’ replied she , in an altered tone . ‘ We must be there at the opening of the assizes , ’ answered Monsieur Gorsay , with affected sang froid . ‘ I received a summons a few days since , inclosing one for you . They are going to try this man , and it is necessary that we should give our testimony . ’ Lucia arose , and fell at the knees of her husband , grasping convulsively both his hands . ‘ I am guilty ! ’ exclaimed she , in an accent to which despair gave inexpressible poignancy ; ‘ I have broken my vows ; I have forgotten my duties ; I have deceived and betrayed you ; I am a miserable wretch , unworthy of forgiveness ! I expect neither favor , nor pity , nor mercy . Trample me under your feet ; I will not utter a complaint ! Kill me ; I will make no resistance ! I ask nothing for myself — I desire nothing . ’ ‘ For whom then do you ask any thing ? and what do you desire ? ’ replied the old man , sternly . ‘ What do I desire ! ’ exclaimed she , with redoubled energy ; ‘ I desire , I implore , that you will not cause another , much less guilty than myself , to bear the punishment of my crime . I desire you to retract a declaration more cruel than a murder — for the dagger only deprives of life , the scaffold bears away honor likewise . If you wish for blood , why not accuse me ? There are women who kill their husbands ; why might I not be one of these ? Denounce me ; I will avow every thing . You will be free from a crime which ought to fill you with horror ; and an innocent man will not be made to suffer death . ’ ‘ All this is very heroic , ’ said Monsieur Gorsay , with imperturbable raillery ; ‘ but I have too good an opinion of our friend to believe that he would be willing to save his life at the expense of yours . It is his duty , as a devoted lover , to suffer himself to be condemned to death without saying a word ; and I am sure that he will do so . ’ ‘ He will do so , most assuredly , ’ repeated Lucia , gazing fiercely at her husband ; ‘ but will you , so near your own death , commit murder ? Do you believe in GOD ? ’ ‘ Was it Monsieur d'Aubian who taught you to believe in him ? ’ said the old man . ‘ You are right — you are right ! Choose the most cruel words ; pierce my heart and avenge yourself ; but let it be upon me alone . ’ ‘ And where would be the justice of that ? By what rule should the most guilty go unpunished ? No ! for you , tears !— for him , death ! ’ ‘ Death ! ’ ‘ Perhaps only the galleys ; we must not always look on the darkest side of the picture . ’ ‘ But he is innocent . ’ ‘ Innocent ! ’ repeated Monsieur Gorsay , rising , and dragging his wife from the suppliant attitude she had assumed . ‘ In your estimation it is only the murderer , who plunges a dagger in your bosom , who is criminal . But do you think that the soul has no blood as well as the body ? It is the price of this blood of my soul that he must pay , for he has shed it even to the last drop ! Ah , Lucia ! you do not comprehend that I love you !— that upon this wide earth you are my last , my only treasure ! And you wish that I should pardon him ! Never ! never ! ’ He repulsed with an inexorable gesture the young female , who remained standing a few paces from him in an attitude of the deepest sadness and dejection . At this moment Doctor Mallet entered the room . ‘ It is a good sign when the patient begins to disobey the orders of his physician , ’ said he , with affected pleasantry ; ‘ however , Monsieur Gorsay , let me tell you that there is some imprudence in leaving your chamber . ’ ‘ I must accustom myself to it , however , ’ replied the old man . ‘ In about a fortnight I shall be obliged to take a journey , for reasons which admit of no excuse . ’ ‘ Ah ! yes , ’ said the doctor , glancing furtively at Lucia , ‘ the trial at Bordeaux . We shall take the journey together ; for I have also received a citation , although there is little that I can tell . Will Madame Gorsay accompany us ? ’ ‘ In her present situation , ’ replied Monsieur Gorsay , composedly , I fear it would be imprudent , and perhaps dangerous . You , who are her physician , will doubtless not refuse a certificate which I can produce before the president of the assizes . ’ ‘ We will see about it , ’ said Monsieur Mallet , with an evasive smile . ‘ Thank God ! Madame Gorsay is now completely convalescent , and a little excursion , far from being attended with danger , would probably be of service to her . But we will decide this matter when the time arrives . In the meanwhile , my good patient , will you please descend to your own apartment ? Here is my arm . Madame has been up too long to-day ; she is fatigued , and must be left to repose herself a little . ’ Offering no remark , Monsieur Gorsay accepted the proffered arm of the physician , and took leave of his wife with hypocritical tenderness . The two men left the room , to which , in about half an hour , Monsieur Mallet returned alone . ‘ Doctor , I will go to Bordeaux , ’ said Lucia , abruptly , who seemed to have expected his return . ‘ I have my doubts of it , but should like to be certain , ’ replied the physician , with a mournful smile . ‘ You will not give the certificate which is asked of you ? ’ continued she , with an air at once of command and entreaty . ‘ I cannot give it conscientiously . You are in fact sufficiently strong to bear the fatigue of so short a journey ; but it is not the journey that I dread ; it is the sojourn there . ’ Lucia briskly approached the doctor , and laid her hand upon his mouth . ‘ In the name of Heaven , not a word more ! ’ said she ; ‘ whatever you may have seen , heard , or suspected , ( for during my fever I doubtless have spoken ,) whatever you may now know , say nothing to me . Pity an unfortunate woman ; serve me , but spare my feelings ! May I rely upon you ? ’ ‘ As on a father , ’ replied Monsieur Mallet , with tenderness ; and he pressed to his lips the hand she had laid upon them . THE attempt made upon the person of Monsieur Gorsay produced through all the department of the Gironde a sensation exceeding any thing that had been known for many years previously . The age and wealth of the victim ; the respect in which he was generally held in the country ; the strange contrast between the two individuals apprehended on suspicion ; the one a man of the world , connected with the best families of Guienne , and already somewhat noted for the follies of a dissipated youth ; the other a convict just released from the galleys , as was stated on the first examination ; and lastly , the illness of Madame Gorsay , which was generally attributed to conjugal attachment , the more meritorious , considering the age of its object ; all these circumstances , over which there still hovered a mysterious uncertainty , had excited public curiosity to the highest pitch . Every one was impatient to solve the bloody enigma . The two accused individuals especially became the daily subjects of a multitude of conjectures , of explanations , of discussions , of wagers even , which were sustained with equal obstinacy by each party . Some refused to give credence to the guilt of Arthur . Of this party were in the first place all the women ; who could believe the possibility that a man worthy of their regard might commit a poetical crime , but not that he could be guilty of a petty offence . ‘ Shocking ! ’ exclaimed the fashionable fair ones of Bordeaux : ‘ Monsieur d'Aubian , with whom we used to dance last winter , he assassinate an old man ! A young man of such polished manners ! so agreeable , so witty , and with such a true Spanish air ! He attempt to kill an old man to steal his purse ! Preposterous ! ’ Had Arthur been accused of stabbing Monsieur Gorsay with some romantic intent , to run away with his wife for instance , the thing , however dreadful , might have had an air of probability . Sentimental spirits would not have refused pity for a crime thus ennobled by passion ; but to stick a knife in a man for the purpose of afterward emptying his pockets — this was the act of a galley-slave , and not that of a gentleman . Thus reasoned female good sense ; which , as is generally the case , reasoned with tolerable correctness . On the other side , Bonnemain did not lack officious defenders . And first , he had on his side the lower orders , naturally hostile to the aristocracy , and who , between two suspected individuals , naturally lean toward the one in the lowest station . Then came the friends of humanity , philanthropists by profession , emancipators of negroes , and all those individuals who busy themselves with the future prospects of nations , and the progress of society ; a race abounding in compassionate souls , in whose estimation a man of the meanest nature , provided he is guiltless of actual crime , and especially if he has just been released from the galleys , becomes a prodigiously estimable character . These persons did not content themselves with treating as a frivolous , and even a barbarous prejudice , the opinion which sought to vindicate d'Aubian , by recalling the former suspicious circumstances of the life of his fellow-accused : they awaited more impatiently than the others the result of the trial , fully expecting to find in the acquittal of Bonnemain a new text for their sermons against the prejudices which dare to hold in legitimate suspicion those unfortunates whose moral education the galleys have just completed . Between these two opinions a third sentiment prevailed : it was that of those impartial men , who , to reconcile all differences , maintained that both the accused were equally guilty , and anticipated the verdict of the jury , by proclaiming their confederation to be beyond a doubt . This third party , which it was whispered had good reasons for its existence , succeeded in making the difficulty more complicated instead of clearing it up . While the crime and the approaching trial were thus the general topic of conversation , on both sides of the Garonne , for twenty leagues around , the investigation was pursued with the activity which the importance of the case and the near approach of the assizes demanded . The details of the inquiry seemed to add weight to the opinion of those who were for acquitting the galley-slave at the expense of the lover . To the reiterated questions put to them , the prisoners both persisted in the system of absolute denial behind which they had , in the first instance , entrenched themselves ; but in proportion as the new facts brought to light during the procedure appeared favorable to Bonnemain , so much the more overwhelming did they seem for Arthur . Except this latter , who was unwilling to make any disclosures , no one at the time of the attempt had seen the galley-slave . Arrested at break of day on the road to Bordeaux , it was no difficult matter for him to explain the cause of his early peregrination . His story was , that suspecting his companions had discovered his real condition , he was fearful of being denounced by them to the officers of justice , and of being pursued for having broken his sentence of banishment . That he might not be arrested , he had resolved to quit the country , and had set out in the middle of the night that his departure might not be noticed . The pieces of gold found upon him were the fruits of economy , and the amount was not sufficient to render this assertion improbable . Beside , no traces of blood had been discovered upon his dress , either in consequence of his having changed his clothes between the commission of the crime and his arrest , or of his having , in the very perpetration of the deed , preserved sufficient coolness to avoid all tell-tale stains . In fact his hands , which were carefully examined , seemed clean , without the appearance of having been recently washed ; for the adroit villain , to avoid giving a pretext for suspicions which might have been excited by a neatness seldom practised by country laborers , a race of men in general very guiltless of ablutions , had with ingenious refinement worn gloves when he committed the deed . As for the knife which was used , no one had ever seen it in the possession of the culprit ; and were it not for the circumstance of his former condemnation , he would probably have at once been set at liberty for want of proofs . But while the innocence of Bonnemain , at each new step in the investigation , appeared more evident , proofs more and more weighty accumulated around Arthur ; proofs sufficient to have established his guilt , even without the damning declaration of Monsieur Gorsay . The knife , it is true , could not be proved as belonging to him ; but other evidence was brought forward , not less conclusive . The rope-ladder was identified by a rope-maker , who declared that he had sold it to Monsieur d'Aubian some months previously . It was evident from this fact that the entry of Arthur into the park was not accidental but premeditated ; the instruments used for scaling walls being found in his possession . It was farther proved that during the summer Monsieur Gorsay had received at Bordeaux a payment of twenty thousand francs , which he had immediately converted into gold , and that d'Aubian , who was the fellow traveller of the old man on the occasion , had knowledge of these two facts . On an investigation of the previous life of the accused , it appeared that for several years past , he had lost at play large sums of money , and had contracted debts , for the discharge of which his patrimony seemed insufficient ; and when the domiciliary visit was made to his house , very little money was found there . From all these circumstances , skilfully grouped , and made to throw light upon each other by their juxtaposition , the gentlemen of the law , practised in the subtle deductions of judicial logic , found little difficulty in arriving at a decisive conclusion . In their eyes , Arthur d'Aubian , ruined by play , and unable to borrow more money , had determined to commit a robbery , which chance had nearly converted into a murder . Indeed , it was only those who were most lenient in their judgment , who admitted this last supposition . The Dracos of the bar considered the premeditation of the murder , as well as of the lesser crime , fully established . Such was the situation of affairs , and the state of public opinion , when the court at length opened at the principal city of the department . The prisoners had been removed a few days previously from the house of detention at Reole to the central prison of Bordeaux . The witnesses , among whom were Monsieur Gorsay and his wife , arrived at that city shortly afterward . At the approach of the last scene of a drama , with which all minds had been occupied for more than two months , public curiosity was raised to a pitch of extreme excitement . The disclosures of the inquest had thinned the ranks of the defenders of Arthur : the women alone generally remained true to him ; and the stronger the presumptive proofs appeared against him , the more ardent they became in his defence . ‘ What signify all these quibbles of the law ? ’ said the most zealous of his fair partizans ; ‘ he has been known to lose money at cards ; this only proves that he is not lucky at play . He has debts ; how could it be otherwise , when a young man goes into society without a fortune ? And above all , it seems he sometimes made use of a rope-ladder . This is the grand crime ! Poor young man ! ’ The rope-ladder , indeed , had contributed to strengthen in the hearts of many of the defenders of Arthur the interest which he had at first excited . Even in the bosom of the court itself a party had declared in his favor . ‘ If you convict him I will never forgive you ! ’ said the wife of the judge-advocate to her husband , who was charged with the support of the prosecution . ‘ I shall certainly convict him , ’ replied the magistrate , ‘ for I am as well convinced of his guilt as if I had seen him commit the crime . ’ ‘ And I would not believe it , ’ said Arthur 's fair champion , ‘ even if I had seen it . ’ ‘ It is a fortunate thing for society that women cannot serve on juries , ’ replied the advocate-general , shrugging his shoulders ; ‘ it would be out of the question for them to convict a criminal , provided he was five-and-twenty , well made , with bright eyes and curling hair . ’ In accordance with that law of gradation which seems so natural that it is observed even in affairs of the greatest moment , the case of Gorsay had been reserved for the last of the session . The petty larcenies , misdemeanors , forgeries , murders without premeditation , and other ordinary crimes , punishable at most with the galleys , were first hurried over , exciting but little interest except in members of the bar , and the habitual attendants upon the assizes : but when the day came for the trial of the prisoners , whose names were in all mouths , the court room was not large enough to contain the crowds which early in the morning besieged its doors . Almost the whole space allotted to the public on ordinary occasions was now reserved for the more favored amateurs of justice . Many young men , who had been on terms of intimacy with Arthur , exhibited great curiosity to see how he would look when placed upon the culprit 's stand . These excellent friends , introduced within the privileged inclosure , some by favor , others under the robes of members of the bar , settled themselves clamorously on the seats of the lawyers , behind the tribune , wherever in short they could find a seat or foot-hold . By a gallant attention on the part of the president of the assizes , the interior of the judgment-hall had been exclusively reserved for ladies of condition , who were there crowded together , bustling and buzzing like a swarm of bees in their hive . On the previous evening , the greater part of these butterflies of fashion had cast with dramatic effect their bouquets at the feet of Mademoiselle Taglioni , who was then performing at Bordeaux ; and now , with the person half hid by a large veil , ( at the court of assizes the veil is etiquette , as the bouquet is at the theatre ,) with pockets well supplied with scent-bottles , and handkerchief in hand ready for the expected tear , they were awaiting , but not in silence , the d é nouement of a drama more piquant than that of the theatre , and emotions more touching than the enchantments of the Sylphide . The simultaneous entrance of the court and prisoners produced in this brilliant audience one of those sudden movements which resemble the phenomena of electricity . The whole assemblage rose with one movement ; and soon it appeared that the women had the advantage over the men ; for all of them , even the most timid , in the excitement of the moment , had sprung upon their chairs . The plebeians in the hindmost ranks , protested with indignant outcries against this screen of hats and shawls , which at such an interesting moment hid from their gaze the spectacle so long and anxiously waited for . Some time elapsed before the constables could restore order and obtain silence : at length the female part of the audience consented to be seated , and the plumed bevy settled down , as the waves of the ocean subside when the tempest which excited them has passed away . All eyes , however , remained intently fixed upon the two accused , who , in obedience to that principle of equality with which the law regards all its victims , were placed side by side , the gentleman and the galley-slave on the ignominious bench alloted to the prisoners . Two months of captivity , the termination of which might be the scaffold , had impressed upon the features of Arthur deep and visible traces . The elegant young man , who during the preceding winter had obtained in the most brilliant saloons of Bordeaux a success which was due at least as much to his good looks as to his wit , now presented himself to the companions of his happy days , pale , wan , emaciated , and bearing on his countenance the impress of a destiny , the horror of which , while he bowed before its sway , he seemed fully to comprehend . But if his brow appeared colorless , and his eye deprived of the fire which his fair admirers had not unfrequently remarked in them , his countenance had at least lost none of its firmness and noble aspect . Without deigning to cast a look upon the man with whom he found himself coupled , nor upon the audience which , with greedy eyes and ears , he heard murmuring around him , like a pack of hounds yelping over their prey , he exchanged a few words with his counsel , whose friendship and devotion had been of long standing , and seated himself with a composed air , and remained in a fixed attitude , apparently indifferent to what was going on around him . ‘'Pon honor ! the handsome d'Aubian is just now badly named , ’ said a youngster with no small pretensions to good looks himself , to one of his companions . ‘ The poor fellow cannot feel very much at his ease , ’ replied the other , who had been on terms of the greatest intimacy with d'Aubian ; ‘ guilty or not , I should be sorry to have him convicted . But what an idea , to assassinate this poor old man ! There were a thousand other means to get money . ’ ‘ What means ? ’ ‘ Why , not one of these women here would have refused to lend him some . ’ ‘ Bah ! women give , but do not lend , ’ said a third speaker , in a sententious tone . ‘ And is not that the same thing ? ’ ‘ Either plan is bad enough , ’ said the dandy , with a prudish air ; ‘ for my part , I would as soon take to stealing . ’ ‘ Is Madame Chamesson here ? ’ asked Arthur 's friend , who by thus naming a rich and superannuated old woman , from whom the young coxcomb was more than suspected of receiving supplies , effectually closed his mouth . In order to make a favorable impression upon the jury , Bonnemain , who knew well the influence that the appearance of a prisoner often makes upon them , had employed all the little arts of the toilet which his person and situation would allow . Clad in a new suit , ( thanks to the ten louis ’ of Monsieur Gorsay ,) newly shaven , with modest and humble aspect , hands placed upon his knees , he held himself in an attitude so benign and reverential , that at the sight of this second Ambrose de Lamela , more than one spectator could not help whispering to his neighbor , ‘ Is it possible that this can be a liberated galley-slave ? From his appearance , one would give him absolution without confession . ’ The empanneling of the jury , the reading of the decree of reference and accusation , the interrogation of the accused , and the deposition of a number of witnesses , took up the whole of the first sitting ; nor did the interest of the audience flag for a moment ; but the mysterious and tragic character of the drama did not develope itself in all its deep import , until the second day , when from the witness chamber came forth an old man whose white hair , imposing features , and countenance calm in its severity , excited among all ranks of spectators a murmur of pity and respect . It was Monsieur Gorsay . DURING two months , the sanguinary resentment in which the last energies of a man on the verge of the tomb had been concentrated had suffered no abatement ; but it had by degrees undergone those modifications which time and reflection always bring with them . To the furious rage , the insatiable thirst for revenge , the blind frenzy , which in the first instance had caused him to regard the slightest delay in his vengeance as a mark of base imbecility , had succeeded a determination cold , patient , implacable , and the more terrible , inasmuch as instead of finding vent , it was restrained within the recesses of his own bosom . By long boiling in the heart , that crucible of flesh hotter than a brazen furnace , the disordered passions came at length to cast off the scori æ which changed the nature of their temper . The last stage in this refining process is hypocrisy , that wondrous power , which gains in depth what it hides upon the surface , and whose burst , when it breaks forth , is like the explosion of a volcano . Monsieur Gorsay had thus comprehended the necessity of curbing his vengeance in order to render it more effective . When he entered the court-room , his countenance and deportment would have done credit to a consummate actor . Far from betraying the deadly hate which was gnawing at his heart , his eyes , as they rested for a moment upon Arthur , only expressed a mournful compassion , by which the audience were sensibly affected . At this look , in which he had expected to have found rage but not deceitful pity , d'Aubian felt that his doom was fixed ; and replied by a bitter smile to the magnanimous forgiveness with which the old man seemed to overwhelm him . The eyes of Monsieur Gorsay then glanced over the convict without resting on him ; but in spite of the rapidity of the movement , the expression was so significant , that to hide the impression produced , Bonnemain turned away his head , and for some time kept his eyes fixed steadily on the ground . ‘ What a fine old cock it is ! ’ said he to himself ; ‘ I was sure that he would not send me to the gallows . A great comfort it will be to him to have this tall fellow 's neck stretched ! Egad ! had I been married to such a pretty wife , I would have acted just so myself . A bad fellow , that d'Aubian . When I think of the damage I was going to do this respectable old gentleman , I feel quite ashamed of myself . But what a devil of an idea to say to me , ‘ Bonnemain , rid me of this man and you shall have ten thousand francs , ’ and then to show me , at the same time , twenty thousand in that cursed secretary , which would n't be opened ! Who could hesitate between ten thousand and twenty thousand ? ’ The most profound silence prevailed while Monsieur Gorsay replied to the questions of form which the presiding judge of the assizes put to him . This formality being finished , the old man sat down in front of the bench and turned toward the jury ; then in a deep voice , the faltering tones of which seemed the effect of the regret which a generous mind feels at being compelled to turn accuser , he repeated word for word the declaration which he had made on the day of the attempted assassination . This recital stated in substance , that being asleep at the moment when he received the first blow , Monsieur Gorsay , before losing entirely his consciousness , had recognized the features of the murderer , who had lit a taper to enable him to force the secretary . ‘ Look at the accused , ’ said the president to the witness ; ‘ are you quite sure that he whom you recognized was Arthur d'Aubian ? ’ The old man turned toward the prisoner , and cast upon the lover of Lucia a look in which triumph was admirably veiled by the semblance of pity . ‘ It was he indeed ! ’ said he , with a sigh ; ‘ in vain do I wish not to recognize him . ’ A general and prolonged sensation throughout the crowded audience followed this declaration . Arthur alone remained apparently unmoved , and contented himself with a scornful smile . ‘ Monsieur President , ’ said one of the jurors , when silence was reestablished , ‘ I should like the witness to tell us whether prior to this attempt there was any subject of enmity between the accused and himself . ’ This question excited a lively interest , particularly among the females , who though constrained to believe in the guilt of Arthur , could not admit that a robbery was the end in view . The prisoner himself slightly colored , and seemed to experience a secret disquietude . Monsieur Gorsay , however , was prepared for every interrogatory , and this one gave him neither surprise nor trouble . ‘ Monsieur d'Aubian and myself , ’ replied he , ‘ have been for a long time neighbors ; and our intercourse has always been that of confidence , of cordiality , and I may say of friendship ; and on my part at least , spite of the blood that has been spilt , these sentiments are not yet annihilated . I feel this in the deep grief I have experienced these two months past ; and I assure you that this unhappy event has caused me more anguish of mind than bodily suffering . ’ The altered voice and sad expression of countenance of the old man excited in the audience a new murmur of pity . ‘ So then , ’ continued the president , ‘ you know of no cause to which the attempt , of which you have been the victim , may be attributed ? ’ ‘ The cause , ’ replied Monsieur Gorsay , in a melancholy tone , ‘ is in my opinion that deplorable passion for play , which has already ruined so many young men worthy of a better fate . Monsieur d'Aubian played deeply and unsuccessfully : my advice could not withdraw him from this abyss , which every day became deeper . In a moment of despair he must have thought of the money which he had seen me receive some time before . Why did not the unfortunate man ask me for it , instead of seeking to gain possession of it in such a deplorable manner ? If he had only placed confidence in me ; if he had considered that the purse of an old friend was at his service ; this fatal event could never have happened , and we should not have been both here ; I in despair at being his accuser , and he —— ’ The old man here paused , as if intense grief had cut short his words ; and his outstretched arm , which he had raised to designate Arthur by a gesture of affection , dropped heavily to his side . This touching discourse , this mock appearance of paternal grief , produced among the spectators , and even on the benches of the judges and jury , one of those thrilling emotions which honest hearts always feel at the sight of an heroic action . Monsieur Gorsay , pitying instead of heaping curses upon his assassin , appeared to the pious part of the audience a most virtuous observer of the precepts of the gospel ; the men of letters compared him to Don Gusman bestowing forgiveness upon Zamora ; the women even , seduced by a greatness of soul , set off by the long white hair , studied accent , eyes expressive in spite of age ; in a word , by all the dramatic accessories which are so effective , suddenly transferred to the magnanimous old man the interest which most of them until then had preserved for the young accused . ‘ How handsome he must have been forty years ago ! ’ cried one of them , in an artless transport . ‘ He is so still , ’ replied her neighbor , outdoing her in this admiration ; ‘ moral beauty has no age . What generosity ! What nobleness ! I can now comprehend how Madame Gorsay should have fallen dangerously ill at the prospect of losing him . ’ ‘ It is King Lear ! ’ observed a romantic Philaminta , devoted to the study of Shakspeare . This epithet passed from mouth to mouth , and was sententiously pronounced by those who scarcely understood its meaning . ‘ Have you any remarks to make upon the deposition of the witness ? ’ asked the president , addressing d'Aubian . The accused arose , and seemed for a moment to be struggling with a violent temptation , which he succeeded in conquering . ‘ For the sake of my memory , ’ said he , ‘ for it is not my life which I would now defend , I must repeat that I am innocent of the crime of which I am accused . As for the declaration of Monsieur Gorsay , it is not for me to dispute it . Let your justice pronounce sentence ; I shall know how to submit to it . ’ This protestation seemed as cold as it was constrained , and was unfavorably received . ‘ Innocence does not express itself thus , ’ said to themselves the greater part of the spectators ; ‘ one does not submit passively to an unjust sentence , but rather expresses indignation at it . ’ A submission so extraordinary strengthened instead of destroying the proofs . ‘ This man is guilty , ’ was the general impression ; ‘ it is written in his countenance . ’ Monsieur Gorsay , having finished his testimony , took his seat among the witnesses , overwhelmed on his passage with unequivocal proofs of the deep interest he had excited . For a few moments the audience were occupied in private converse ; but suddenly this confused murmur was changed to a death-like silence , on the president 's saying , in a voice which was heard throughout all the assemblage , ‘ Introduce Madame Gorsay . ’ An officer left the hall , and almost immediately returned , preceding the young wife , who at once became the object of general curiosity . With head erect , countenance glowing with a hectic flush , and the inspired air of a Sybil , she advanced with firm step to the edge of the stand on which the witnesses are placed when they give testimony . There she stopped , apparently deaf to the words which the president addressed to her . Her gaze , in which gleamed forth wildness , ran over the crowded audience beneath her , with unnatural boldness . Quickly catching the prisoners ’ seat , she fixed her eyes upon d'Aubian with an unutterable look of eagerness , of love , and of despair ; then , with a gesture frenzied but not involuntary , Lucia stretched out her arms toward her lover , and with a thrilling voice , ‘ Arthur ! ’ exclaimed she , ‘ I am here ! ’ This cry of succor , fierce as the roar of a wounded lioness , sent an electric shudder through the thousand veins of that crowded multitude , greedy of emotions , and now supplied with them beyond their most sanguine hopes . In the midst of the general confusion two men arose , the husband and the lover ; the one trembling with rage , the other with pity . ‘ This is a trait of madness ! ’ exclaimed Monsieur Gorsay ; ‘ the evidence of a mad woman cannot be received . ’ ‘ Mad ! ’ said Lucia , casting a look of defiance toward her husband ; then turning to the president of the court , ‘ Question me , Sir ; you will see whether I am mad or not ; whether I cannot comprehend your questions , and answer them in a rational manner . Mad ! I may soon become so ; but at this moment I have full possession of my reason . I know perfectly well what I am doing , and what I am saying . ’ ‘ Compose yourself , Madame , I pray you ; I am about to put some questions to you , ’ said the president , who thought he saw in the eyes of Lucia the threatening gleams of insanity , which contradiction might exasperate . ‘ Monsieur President , I object to this examination ; ’ repeated Monsieur Gorsay , in a half-choked voice ; ‘ I shall prove that for some time past the reason of my unhappy wife has been disturbed . Monsieur Mallet , her physician , and one of the witnesses here present , if he is willing to tell the truth , can testify to this fact . ’ ‘ Monsieur Mallet , ’ said the president , ‘ will you approach and judge for yourself whether Madame is in a fit condition to undergo an examination ? ’ Lucia smiled on the physician as he ascended the steps of the stand , and stretched out her hand to him when he drew near , with a gesture full of confidence . The possessor of a secret discovered by his penetration , the physician would have suffered Arthur to have been condemned , rather than have ruined a woman for whom he had long felt an attachment almost paternal ; but he did not carry his chivalric refinement so far as to be willing to save her in spite of herself , by keeping his mouth closed . ‘ A man 's life is at stake , ’ thought he ; ‘ if she loves him well enough to sacrifice her happiness for him , what right have I to prevent her ? ’ He took the arm of the young woman , to feel her pulse ; a superfluous formality , for it could teach him nothing which he knew not already . ‘ Madame has a high fever , ’ said he , in the midst of silence so profound that it seemed as if every breath was suspended ; ‘ for two months this has been her habitual state . One of the features of this malady , which the efforts of art have not yet been able to subdue , is an irregular exacerbation , which the slightest emotion increases ; but between this irritation of the nervous system and a disturbance of the mental faculties , there is , thank God ! a wide difference . Madame Gorsay , as she herself has just affirmed , is in full possession of her reason ; and I am convinced that she will understand perfectly well the questions that may be put to her , and also the import of her own answers . ’ The audience received this declaration of the physician with a murmur of satisfaction ; and in its frivolous cruelty prepared to devour the scandal , of which for a few moments it feared it would have been deprived . Transported with rage , Monsieur Gorsay would have clambered up the steps of the stand to drag down his wife , but the gen d'armes prevented his passing , and he fell back upon a bench , where he remained with face hid in his hands , apparently insensible . Arthur , upon whom Lucia kept her eyes ardently fixed , besought her by a look not to betray any farther a love , the avowal of which must cover her with disgrace . In reply to this mute prayer , he only obtained an impassioned gesture , which expressed her unshaken resolution to save him or perish with him . Meanwhile , a lively discussion was going on among the judges , whose sagacity had not foreseen this romantic incident . For the sake of public morals , the president wished to suppress the interrogation of Madame Gorsay , who could throw no light on the main fact of the assassination . He succeeded in bringing his colleagues over to this opinion ; but the public prosecutor , whose consent was necessary , was not a man to give up , from motives of humanity , the prospect of a development of additional crime , which being ingrafted by him upon an accusation already capital , promised to make it one of the most interesting criminal trials which the court of Bordeaux had ever known . On being consulted by the president of the court , the red-gowned accuser therefore briefly declared that the testimony of the witness appeared to him to be indispensable . During this discussion , Madame Gorsay remained upright and motionless , earnestly gazing upon Arthur . The proudness of her bearing at this moment might have seemed the effect of a masculine , or rather a super-human energy , were it not for a tremor , almost imperceptible , which forced her to lean her hand for support upon the chair which had been placed for her . To the questions of form which were addressed her by the president , she replied in a clear and it might be said a composed manner ; but when he requested her to tell the jury what she knew relating to the attempt made upon the person of her husband , she paused for a few moments ; not that vulgar timidity caused the heroic determination of her heart to falter , but as if to collect at this decisive moment her physical energies , which seemed almost ready to abandon her . ‘ I have entered this place respected ; I shall leave it disgraced ! ’ said she at length , in an altered but thrilling voice . ‘ It matters little . Between my honor and his life I cannot hesitate . For ten months Arthur d'Aubian has been my lover ; Arthur d'Aubian is my lover ! ’ repeated she , with incredible energy , repressing with a commanding gesture the murmuring which these words produced ; ‘ for ten months I have received his visits in my apartment , frequently at night . At the moment the crime was committed , I was awaiting him ; if he was found in the park , it was because there was no other way to come to me . Arthur , I repeat , is my lover ; who will dare say that he is an assassin ? ’ ‘ I will ! ’ exclaimed Monsieur Gorsay , rising in a transport of ungovernable fury . ‘ Then do you lie ! ’ cried Lucia , whose look seemed to wither the old man . ‘ This man lies ! ’ continued she , pointing with her finger to her husband . ‘ I have betrayed him ; he knows it ; and to revenge himself , he accuses Arthur of a crime . I have myself proposed to him to accuse me of the deed . I should not have denied it ; but he would not . The blood of a woman would not suffice him ; he must have that of Arthur ; of Arthur whom I love , I do not say more than my life — that would be but little — but more than my honor ! ’ Lucia here interrupted herself , and cast her sparkling eyes toward that part of the hall occupied by the female part of the audience , among whom a lively agitation was manifested , and whose whisperings clearly condemned an avowal so contrary to all received usages . ‘ You speak of immodesty , ’ said she to them , with a bitter smile . ‘ Spite of your want of pity , I would not wish any one of you to become so wretched as to learn that there is yet one thing more powerful than shame ; and that is , despair . Think you , if the scaffold were not in view , I should thus hold up my disgrace for your contempt ? They are about to kill him , I tell you ; and must I let him die , that your blushes for me may be spared ? ’ As she pronounced these last words , Lucia reeled and closed her eyes , while a death-like paleness took the place of the burning hue with which fever had colored her cheeks . The supernatural energy which had thus far sustained her , suddenly gave way , as the flame of a torch is extinguished by a blast of wind . Doctor Mallet , who stood at the foot of the stand , watching with vigilant anxiety the slightest movement of the young woman , threw himself forward and received her in his arms the moment she fell . Others ran to his assistance , and Lucia was speedily carried into the witnesses ’ hall . She remained there for some time , apparently lifeless ; but soon there followed this swoon a succession of convulsions more dreadful than any she had ever before experienced . ‘ The court is adjourned for half an hour , ’ said the president , despairing of obtaining immediate silence or attention . These words completely let loose the storm ; and the audience-chamber suddenly assumed the appearance of a tempestuous sea . A hundred conversations , equally lively , took place at once . The conduct of Madame Gorsay became the inexhaustible text for comments the most violent and contradictory . Some thought her crazy , others frightful , while a third class pronounced her sublime . In general , the old men were of the first opinion , the women of the second , and the young men of the third . ‘ How happy must this d'Aubian be ! ’ exclaimed one of these latter , in an extatic tone . ‘ Happy ! to be on the culprit 's seat ! ’ replied with a sneer a man of more mature years . ‘ And what matters that ? Is there a humiliation which may not be effaced , or a grief which cannot be consoled , by the happiness of inspiring such a passion ? Spite of its ignominy , even the culprit 's seat becomes a throne for him who reigns over such a noble heart . Oh ! to be loved thus — and die ! ’ The kindling eyes of the young enthusiast addressed this sentimental exclamation to a pretty blonde , whose coquetry had kept him for six months on the culprit 's seat , while waiting for the throne of love . ‘ To be loved is no doubt vastly agreeable , ’ replied the matter-of-fact man ; ‘ but to die ! and upon the scaffold ! Rather you than I , my fine fellow ! ’ On resuming the sittings , the president gave notice that the very critical situation of Madame Gorsay having rendered it necessary that she should be removed home , both the accusation and the defence might have the benefit of her deposition , and that it would remain for the jury to decide upon its value . ‘ The list of witnesses is exhausted , ’ added he ; ‘ Monsieur the Public Prosecutor has the floor . ’ In legislative and judicial discussions , those incidents which sometimes turn up in a manner completely unexpected , are the rocks on which ordinary speakers , whose presence of mind is disturbed as soon as they are taken unawares , usually make shipwreck ; but which master minds , practised in debate , have the power of adroitly turning to their own advantage . On the present occasion , the public prosecutor , a native of Bordeaux , although in other respects a superficial lawyer , possessed in common with many of his countrymen the faculty of improvisation , which seems , by one act of the mind , to combine thought and its expression . The reverse of the Abbe de Verlot , he would have recommenced the siege , and taken Malta , watch in hand , in ten different ways . Without the least appearance of embarrassment at an event which seemed to have changed the whole aspect of the proceedings , this able tactician gradually developed the plan of the accusation , as he had prepared it in the silence of his chamber . With the unwearied patience of the ant , adding little by little , grain of sand upon grain of sand , he heaped upon d'Aubian a mountain of proofs , under which the strength of Hercules would have given way ; and then , when the mass seemed already sufficiently weighty , overwhelming , and unmovable , he suddenly added , as a terrible and unexpected crowning of the work , the deposition of Madame Gorsay . ‘ In an excess of despair , ’ exclaimed he , in a pathetic tone , ‘ a respectable old man , a husband cruelly outraged , tells you , ‘ This woman is deranged . ’ A noble and a mournful untruth , which I cannot blame , but which is still a falsehood ! No , gentlemen ; this woman is not deranged ; her physician tells you she is not . She is not mad , unless you term madness the unbridled phrenzy of an adulterous passion , which , with bold front and audacious eye , unveils itself in the very sanctuary of justice , there to enact the deplorable scene with which all hearts seem yet filled . By trampling under foot all reserve , all modesty , Madame Gorsay thought that she could save him whom she dares to call her lover . Unhappy woman ! Who did not see , that far from being a justification , her disclosure only adds another proof to the accusation ; a proof perhaps the most overwhelming of all ! What , in fact , does this unheard of declaration prove ? It proves this ; that before carrying murder into the house of Monsieur Gorsay , the accused had commenced by the dishonor of his wife ; thus making one crime the prelude of another . And so it always happens : ‘ Nemo repente turpissimus . ’ And what ! is it pretended that this disgraceful stain which has just been brought to the glare of day , can cover over the shed blood ? No , gentlemen ; the blood still remains beneath the mire , and nothing shall prevent our tracking it from the victim directly to the assassin ! ’ The public prosecutor continued a long time in this strain , adding weight to his words by impassioned gestures , and fervent declamation . Proceeding from inductions to oratorical displays , from arguments to appeals to the passions , he succeeded in making the guilt of the accused a sort of luminous and baleful star , the existence of which none but a blind man or an idiot could deny . At the close of the peroration , Arthur stood convicted of having attempted to assassinate Monsieur Gorsay , not only for the purpose of getting possession of his money , but also that he might espouse the unfaithful wife , who by her widowhood would become a desirable object for a ruined gambler . This eloquent piece of pleading produced upon the assemblage an overwhelming and decided impression , which the advocate of d'Aubian in vain endeavored to counteract . In vain he urged in favor of his client the confession of Lucia , which explained so naturally the circumstances metamorphosed by his opponent into additional proofs of guilt . In vain he essayed to prove that the deposition of Monsieur Gorsay was but a calumny inspired by vengeance . In his rejoinder , more withering even than his first speech , the prosecutor prostrated irrevocably in the dust every position and argument of the defence . The jury , who counted among their number but two unmarried men , finding in the accused the seducer of a married woman , were not on that account disposed to be more lenient . In their eyes the offence against conjugal rights , instead of a palliation seemed an increase of crime . After a long and serious deliberation , they declared , by a majority of nine out of twelve , that Arthur d'Aubian was guilty of a premeditated attempt to murder , followed by an attempt at robbery . Bonnemain , against whom the prosecutor had abandoned proceedings , was unanimously acquitted . In spite of the lateness of the hour , almost all the audience had remained in their places , that they might be present at the d é nouement of the drama . The two prisoners , who had been removed from the hall while the foreman of the jury read their verdict , were presently brought back , and listened with a sort of impassive silence to the reading of the verdict , the requisition of the public prosecutor for the pronouncing of sentence , and finally the double decree pronounced by the judge . The only sign of joy manifested by the galley-slave on being acquitted , was a guttural sound produced by the eagerness with which he once more resumed the free use of his respiration . ‘ I should like devilish well to have a cup of water , or even of wine , ’ said he to the gen d'arme at his right . Arthur received the verdict of the jury with firmness ; but when the president pronounced the sentence of the court , which condemned him to twenty years hard labor in the galleys , his head sunk upon his breast , and he remained for some time apparently stupefied . ‘ Alphonse , ’ said he at length , in a low voice to his defender , who was sitting in front of him , ‘ you have done what you could for me , and I thank you ; but the moment has come : remember your promise . ’ ‘ It is not a decree of death ! ’ replied the young advocate , turning deadly pale . ‘ It is the decree of a thousand deaths ! ’ replied the condemned , with energy ; ‘ would you have me go to the galleys ? Remember your oath ; you could not save my life — at least preserve my honor . ’ He bent forward toward his friend ; their hands met and interchanged a long and mysterious embrace . On resuming his position , Arthur saw , rising from the midst of the dense crowd , a lean and sinister figure , whose devouring eyes were fastened upon him with an expression of ferocious triumph . He replied to the fury of this look with the calm and disdainful smile of a man who rises superior to his fate . ‘ Monsieur Gorsay , ’ said he , in a firm tone , ‘ look at me well , that you may not forget me at your hour of death ! ’ With these words , Arthur applied to his breast the point of the dagger which his friend had just given him , and with a firm hand buried it in his heart . He remained for a moment upright , his eyes wide open and fixed upon the old man , whom their terrible fascination filled with involuntary dread , and then suddenly fell like a tree severed by the axe . A cry of horror arose on all sides . ‘ Dead ! ’ exclaimed Doctor Mallet , who was among the first to hasten to him . ‘ She mad , and he dead ! My God ! may Thy judgment be more merciful for them than that of men ! ’ ‘ Dead ! very dead indeed ! ’ said Bonnemain , in his turn leaning over the body of the young man stretched at his feet . ‘ To stick himself in that fashion because he was sentenced for twenty years ! What a fool ! ’ THREE months after the trial , on a gloomy winter 's evening , Doctor Mallet entered the house of Monsieur Gorsay , to which , since their return from Bordeaux , he had been a daily visitant . Without asking for the old man , he ascended immediately to the apartment of Lucia , whose alarming situation required the assiduous attentions which the physician bestowed upon her with untiring devotion . He gently opened the door of her chamber , and approached the bed of the young woman , who seemed lying in a lethargic slumber . Without awaking her , he placed his finger on her throbbing pulse , and then with anxious hand gently pressed her forehead , which he found to be burning like the alabaster of an ever-lighted lamp . ‘ The fever increases , and the brain is becoming more and more affected , ’ said he to himself , shaking his head with a care-worn aspect . He then stood for some time , contemplating with mournful compassion the sufferer whose life he still hoped to save , but of whose reason he despaired . ‘ I am sure that something has happened here since yesterday , ’ said he at length , in a low voice , to a female somewhat advanced in years , and of a masculine exterior , who stood before the fire-place awaiting the doctor 's orders . ‘ I have taken care of many sick persons , ’ replied the nurse , with uplifted hands and eyes , ‘ but have never seen such things as are going on here . In the first place , last night Madame gets up fast asleep , as she often does , but this time she tried to throw herself out of the window . She had got herself half over the balcony before I could get her in again . ’ ‘ You have been asleep then ? ’ said Monsieur Mallet , in a tone of anger . ‘ Why I might have had a little sand in my eyes ; one is not made of iron . But it was lucky I had a strong arm ; if it had n't been for that , this poor lady would not now have had any need of a doctor . But this is nothing to what took place here this morning . ’ ‘ Has Monsieur Gorsay been up here ? ’ asked the doctor quickly . ‘ You have hit it . And Madame , as soon as she saw him , fell into convulsions which lasted more than two hours . It took four of us to hold her ; and then we could hardly do it . When her strength was all gone she fell asleep from weakness ; but I have an idea that this sleep bodes nothing good . ’ The recital of the nurse was here interrupted by a slight noise which the door made as it was partly opened . The physician briskly turned his head , and saw Monsieur Gorsay , who had stopped at the threshold . Hastening toward him , he thrust him back into the other apartment . ‘ You must not enter here ! ’ said he to him in a tone of command . ‘ This morning you took advantage of my absence ; but now you must obey me . What is it that you wish ? Would you complete your work by killing her ? ’ ‘ She is asleep , ’ replied the old man , in a submissive voice . I beseech you , doctor , let me enter . What do you fear ? she sleeps ; she will not see me . ’ ‘ Do you not know the strange lucidness of her slumbers ? Even though sleeping , she will be aware of your presence . ’ ‘ Let me but look at her for a single moment , ’ said Monsieur Gorsay . ‘ This morning I had scarcely a glimpse of her ; and you have kept me so long from her ! Am I condemned never to see her again ? ’ ‘ Your presence would kill her , ’ replied the doctor ; ‘ as long as I am her physician , I shall oppose an interview for which there is no good object , and which cannot be other than injurious . In her present deplorable condition , the least increase of excitement would prove fatal . Spare her then , for Heaven 's sake ! Does not the blood of Arthur d'Aubian suffice you ? Must you also have that of this unhappy woman ? ’ The old man bowed his head with a mournful air , and remained some moments before replying . Then turning toward Monsieur Mallet a look of the deepest despair : ‘ Doctor , ’ said he , in a tremulous voice , ‘ could my death save her , most willingly would I die this moment . But what can I , a miserable old man , do upon the earth ? An object of horror and affright , without family , without friends , without children ! She was all these to me ; she was my joy , my happiness , my treasure . Ah ! why was she not my daughter ? Perhaps she then would have loved me ! ’ ‘ But of what use are regrets , when the evil is past remedy ? ’ ‘ Past remedy ! I know of one , but it requires a courage which I no longer possess ; for old age has weakened my spirit , and leaves it only the strength to suffer . Do you believe me , doctor ? I have never been a coward ; but now — I dare not kill myself . Think not that it is religion that restrains me ; it is fear . I have the desire for suicide , but not the courage . He had it . He ! young and beloved — he knew how to die . And I , so near the tomb that I have but to raise the stone to descend into it , I hesitate , and tremble ! Weakness and cowardice — these are man 's last companions ! ’ Monsieur Gorsay seemed to forget the presence of the physician , and re-descended to his apartment with slow and painful steps . He there passed the remainder of the evening motionless in his arm-chair , with head sunk upon his breast , eyes fixed , and draining drop by drop the inexhaustible sadness in which for many months his heart had been steeped . At eleven o'clock a domestic entering the room , he arose and permitted himself to be undressed with the passiveness of a machine : then , after swallowing a narcotic draught , which his sleeplessness had rendered necessary , he got into bed . The most profound silence reigned throughout the house ; the domestics had long since retired to their apartments . The lethargic sleep of Lucia still continued ; and despite the occurrence of the preceding night , the nurse , according to her custom , was slumbering in the arm-chair . At length Monsieur Gorsay fell asleep . Suddenly the old man was aroused by the sound of the window-blind turning upon itself . Opening his eyes , he perceived with amazement , mingled with terror , a large band of silver which the moon projected through the shutters of the Venetian blinds upon the carpet . In a moment this was obscured by the figure of a man , who leaped into the room , and proceeded directly toward the bed with the rapid and stealthy tread of a tiger . Monsieur Gorsay endeavored to rise , but before he could utter a cry , or seize the bell-rope , he was assailed and thrown down by the robber , who with one hand grasped him by the throat , and with the other brandished a long knife , which he had carried open between his teeth . ‘ Mercy !— Bonnemain ! ’ murmured the old , man , who by the light of the moon had just recognized the murderer . ‘ Not a word ! or I strike ! ’ replied the galley-slave , in a low voice . ‘ Listen to me : you must get up , open the secretary , and give me the money . If you hold your tongue I will do you no harm ; but if you attempt to speak a single word , I will let out your blood like that of a fowl ! Do you understand me ? ’ Frozen with terror , Monsieur Gorsay made a sign of assent . He then arose , with the assistance of Bonnemain , who by way of precaution kept fast hold of his arm , took a key from the pocket of his riding-coat , opened the secretary and drew from the secret cavity the casket filled with gold , upon which , for the last five months , the galley-slave , by night and by day , had not ceased thinking . ‘ Is this the whole ? ’ said he , as his eyes gloated over the prey . ‘ It is all that I have here , ’ replied Monsieur Gorsay , in a half articulate voice ; ‘ but I have some silver in the library ; must I go and bring it ? ’ ‘ Thank you ; you might alarm the servants , which would not be so pleasant . Too much appetite is hurtful . I must be content with the rouleaus . ’ ‘ Take them then ; I give them to you ; and I swear never to betray you . ’ ‘ I believe you ; before an hour the beaks will be on my haunches , as the other time ; not such a fool ! ’ With these words , the galley-slave , by a movement as rapid as unforeseen , passed behind Monsieur Gorsay , grasped him tightly , closed his mouth with his left hand , while with the other he stabbed him in the side with anatomical precision . Stricken to the heart , the old man bit convulsively the fingers of the assassin , uttered a stifled groan , and expired . Bonnemain laid him upon the floor in silence , and assured himself that no pulse beat any longer . Certain then of never being denounced by his victim , he arose and plunged his hand into the casket which stood upon the secretary . At this instant , the noise of a door opening sent an icy chill through his veins . He turned in confusion , and by the light of the moon , which alone illuminated the scene of murder , he discerned at the entrance of the chamber a figure in white , which to a superstitious mind might have seemed the avenging spirit of the murdered man . This apparition moved directly up to the assassin , who in his fright dropped both the dagger and the rouleaus of gold . Crawling on his hands and knees , he succeeded in regaining the window , through which he sprung with a desperate effort . He traversed the garden , scaled the wall of the inclosure , and fled across the country , bearing on his hands , as on the former occasion , blood but no gold . Two hours after this , the attendant of Madame Gorsay awoke , and perceived that the bed of her charge was empty . Alarmed , she ran to the window but found it closed ; she then saw that the door was partly open . Lighting a taper , she followed from chamber to chamber the tracks of the somnambulist , who in her progress had not closed any of the doors behind her . She at length came to the threshold of the chamber of Monsieur Gorsay , where she suddenly stopped , uttering a shriek of horror , which aroused and terrified the whole household . In the full moonlight which illuminated part of the room , Lucia , with dishevelled hair and closed eyes , was sitting by the dead body of her husband . The childish amusement in which she seemed to be seriously engaged told that the wanderings of madness were joined to those of somnambulism . She held the casket on her knees , turned out the rouleaus , one after the other , and scattered the pieces of gold upon the carpet , arranging them in symmetrical figures . The blood which flowed profusely from the old man 's wound was mingled with this sport , and the fingers of the smiling idiot were dabbled in the purple gore . Lucia , dragged from the fatal chamber , awoke only to fall into terrible convulsions , during which the last rays of reason seemed to be extinguished . The scene which had been enacted five months before on this spot was now repeated in a more fatal manner . The judicial inquest established in a positive manner that Madame Gorsay , in a fit of somnambulism , had assassinated her husband , against whom , since the death of Arthur d'Aubian , she had cherished an implacable hatred . It also appeared clearly demonstrated that she had only perpetrated during sleep a murder which had been long contemplated during her waking hours . Among the parties who held the inquest there were more than one who thought that even sleep was not a sufficient excuse for the deed , and that the matter ought to be brought before a jury ; but the insanity of the accused having been legally proven , took away all pretext for a criminal procedure . Instead , therefore , of being incarcerated in a prison , the wretched widow was placed in a lunatic asylum ; a step which to many seemed too lenient . ONE day in the year 1838 , among the persons whom curiosity had brought to the Institution at Charenton , might be seen a citizen of some fifty years of age , fat , well-conditioned , ruddy , and with clothes very well brushed . He gave his arm to a buxom female bedecked in full suit of holiday attire , and a finger to a child of about four years of age , whom maternal vanity had equipped in the martial uniform of an artillery officer . This group , a type of city felicity , the last reflex of patriarchal manners , was one which might have brought a smile of malice to the lip of an artist , or have furnished food for more serious reflection to a philosopher . The head of this interesting family , who was about taking his son in his arms to give him a better view of the inmates of the establishment , suddenly stopped at sight of a female patient , still young and beautiful , who , without paying attention to any one , was walking up and down the small inclosure , repeating in a plaintive tone the name of ‘ Arthur . ’ ‘ What on earth ails you , Monsieur Bonnemain ? ’ said the tawdry lady to her spouse . ‘ Why , you are as white as a sheet , and are all in a tremble ! ’ ‘ It is from hunger then , ’ replied the old galley slave , as he recovered his sang froid , who , thanks to the dowry of his wife , had become the head of a flourishing commercial establishment ; ‘ let us go to dinner . Achille is sleepy . These fools amuse me no longer . We have had enough of this stuff ! ’ THE COUNT OF PARIS . THIS BEAUTIFUL REPLY WAS MADE DURING THE RECENT DEBATES CONCERNING THE REGENCY OF FRANCE . I . WITHIN the palace walls they wept , The mother and her son ; She , the young widow of a prince , And he , her first-born one : The stamp of royalty was set Upon his broad , fair brow ; He was the kingdom 's pride and boast — Heir of its glory now . II . Wo for the doom of Orleans ’ line ! Wo for the loved one dead : Wo for the king whose hope lies low — The land whose peace has fled ! Already are dark threats breathed forth , And others claim the place That should be his , that princely boy 's , The noblest of his race ! III . They come to ask his mother 's rights , His mother 's and his own ; The widow and the fatherless , They stand in grief alone ! It was in honied tones they spoke , Yet ‘ twas a bitter word : ‘ The Regent of our France must know To wear and wield a sword ! ’ IV . The spirit of a line of kings , The Bourbon 's race of pride , Flashed from the boy 's bright eye , and thus His fearless voice replied : ‘ I have a sword ; my mother 's hand Can wave a banner bright , And France will fight for both of us , And for our holy right ! ’ V . God shield thee on thy doubtful path , Heir of a fickle throne ! A bloody race , an early doom Its noblest ones have known ; The hand that should have guarded thee , Hath mouldered to decay ; God save thee in thy peril 's hour , And guide thine onward way ! New-York , July , 1843 . A. R . SKETCHES OF EAST-FLORIDA . NUMBER ONE . ‘ OFFICER OF THE NIGHT . ’ I HAVE few antipathies , but there are some that I do battle with at sight or smell . Whether persons or things , I appreciate them at once ; as some persons of keen perceptions will tell immediately when a cat is near them . You will hear people talk of what they call a ‘ presentiment of evil . ’ This is all humbug . If they would look about them , they would find , each one , his respective cat ; or , to speak magnetically , his ‘ opposite pole . ’ Corporal F —— was my antipathy , my ‘ opposite pole , ’ my cat ; and for that matter , a Tom-cat , and a very saucy one . We had never spoken , and knew nothing of each other ; our eyes had never met , but we had stolen glances , each way , giving strong confirmation of what the mere presence of each sufficiently indicated ; to wit , a decided hostility . I had felt uncomfortable some mornings before , and knew perfectly well that I had a cat to find ; but I did not know , till afterward , that Corporal F —— had reached town that very day . It was a common fancy with me , subsequently , that I knew what part of the town he was in at any given time ; and this may have been fancy only , or it may have been a fact magnetical . Our first meeting was in ——, East Florida . I had been in that warm-bath of a climate just long enough to get well soaked through , and was beginning to act out that dreamy languor of body and soul that fits one so exactly for the cigar-life — the lounging , easy nonchalance of that sunny land ; in short , without that excess of high spirits which is an irritation , I was superlatively happy — till I met Corporal F ——. He was to me immediately a large spot on the sun ; and although I could n't always see the spot , I knew it was there , and keeping off so much sunshine . His arrival , as I viewed it , was impertinent , and not at all in aid of the object I had in coming a thousand miles to that delicious climate . With a generous ingenuity , I thought at first of proposing to him to draw cuts , to decide which of us should leave town . He had not the look of being cared for , and I could not imagine his absence would be missed at all , except by me ; while as to myself , to say nothing of the party I was with , I rather thought that the girls who had taken so much pains to teach me their waltzes and Spanish dances —— But that 's no matter . The risk to me would be an unrighteous one , and the project was abandoned . We were a party of half a dozen , who had left New-York as the severe winter of ‘ 35 and ‘ 36 was setting in , and reached —— by way of Picolata , making the last safe passage over that road . The Indian war had just broken out , and the whole country was in arms . Shortly after our arrival , the north part of the town was picketed off at about half a mile from the outskirts , with a guard , here and there ; and a cordon of military posts stretched along the western side , around to the sea . A large gun was then placed in the middle of H —— ‘ s bridge , pointing into the pine barrens ; the usual night patrol of southern cities was doubled , and the place declared under ‘ martial law . ’ Every able-bodied man was expected to do service ; and if that expectation failed to be met by any one , that ‘ individual ’ was assisted by a corporal and guard . I was an ‘ able-bodied man ; ’ sound in every particular . The hot sun had already browned my face so that there were no delicate indices of ill health ; and if I had been a shade darker , I might have been knocked off at the market for at least seven hundred dollars . I was full of ‘ tusymusy , ’ and ready for any thing , but wished to be myself the master of the ‘ how and when ’ of any enterprise that I was to engage in . I was anticipated . Happening to criticise the appearance of the different companies about town , in too public a manner , the sovereigns were offended , and it was resolved that I should be victimized . I was ordered to appear at the Fort , armed and equipped for immediate service , as one of a small guard of Minorcans and Spaniards , posted a mile and a half out of town ; of which guard , Bravo was corporal , and —— captain ; precisely as I should like to have put them in a shipping-bill for the East-Indies . Well , I declined the invitation . I was from the ‘ mountain-land , ’ and for some days , my blood had been going up with the thermometer , at the strange goings-on about town . There appeared to me a quite unnecessary preparation of powder for mere home consumption . Beside , what did I know about war , that they should select me , when the streets were full of Uncle Sam 's men , and hardly room enough for them at the outskirts to spread their tents ? I did not call at the Fort . I did n't even send my card , or my regret . Of course I was not surprised the next morning , at parade hours , to see Corporal Bravo and guard coming down the street with apparently hostile intentions . It might be accident that they approached so near the house ; but people in that climate never move without an object ; and I accordingly passed through a gate in the rear , merely to air myself in a different direction . Bravo enquired for me very particularly at the house , breathed a few moments his men , who were in a high excitement ; made a rapid revolution , and marched back to the Fort , a mile distant , to report that I was not to be found . At afternoon parade , the same military movement was repeated , and I had again the same charming view of the H —— turkey-buzzards and small snipes on the beach , with fiddlers innumerable , and in the back-ground the pine woods of the wilderness . After a few days , I was trapped by mere civility ; a very forcible thing , by the way , as all women know very well , but there are men who never can learn it . A polite note came from the captain , asking me to call at his quarters ; and I was very soon ushered into a room that was lined with muskets and swords and men to use them . The captain received me pleasantly , complimenting me upon my ‘ esprit du corps ’ in being master of my own company , etc ; but I saw the game at once ; and bursting into a laugh at the savage looks of the guard , surrendered at once , merely asking the courtesies of a prisoner of war . I was immediately gratified — with three muskets , one for myself , the others to protect me on either wing , carried by friends who insisted on an arm each side ; and so with a strong support in the rear by the rest of the guard , and Bravo in front , cutting the way with a drawn sword , we marched to the Fort . When we entered the walls , and came in sight of the commandant , I expected to be ‘ cut in sunder at the waist , ’ but was merely noticed with a careless severity , and told to look on , and be ready at the next parade . We then assumed the form of a rhomboid , in which I was at equal distances from the respective angles , and marched a mile and a half to the camp . After showing me ‘ the fortifications , ’ which consisted of a pine-board enclosure of about ten feet by twelve , I was taken into the hot sun to be drilled privately . This was a very short operation . I handled the musket with a kind of desperation , which very soon convinced the corporal that I had the ‘ real stuff ’ in me ; especially in my last manoeuvre , which consisted in cocking the piece suddenly , and lowering the muzzle to his breast ; upon which , with military abruptness , he declared the drill over , and myself perfectly au fait at all military operations . I was now instructed in other arts and mysteries of war ; and was told , among other things , that an officer from town generally visited each camp during the night , and that then every man was to be belted and ready for inspection . When the sentry received , in answer to his challenge , ‘ Officer of the Night , ’ his duty was to cry out , for timely notice at the camp : ‘ Corporal of the Guard — Grand Rounds — Officer of the Night . ’ This , in Bravo 's opinion , was the grandest of all military affairs that were executed without waste of powder . The officer of the night had not been round , for a week , but he was always to be expected . Bravo and myself were very soon on excellent terms . I rather liked him , in spite of the burlesque of his name ; for as such men generally do , he had contrived to assume something so like his translation , that it passed very well for the real article . If he did not fulfill his full meaning , his efforts were at least well-meant , and he had a saucy good humor that was quite companionable . That night we had two sentries out , stationed some hundred yards each side of the camp ; and somewhere about the ‘ small hours ’ I took my first ‘ stand at arms ’ on the northern pass , and challenging noises all night , without reply , acquitted myself very much to the corporal 's satisfaction . A few days passed very pleasantly away , and I was enjoying my military life so much that I had entirely forgotten Corporal F ——. It should be premised , that I knew nothing of his being a corporal , and cared as little . I had no objection to his being a perfect Nabob , if he would only keep out of my way . I now learned that he had command of the next post north of us , and only about half a mile distant . One charming morning , after an ‘ off night , ’ when I was allowed to stay in town , I sallied into the street , en route to the parade-ground , humming to myself in mocking-bird style , my belt snug and faultlessly white , and musket leaning with an off-duty obliquity that was not pardonable merely , but quite the thing , when I suddenly felt that Corporal F —— was in the street ! He was not to be seen , but I knew perfectly well that he was standing in a shop-door , only a short distance ahead . The streets in that old town are very narrow , so that on meeting a cart , the safest way is to post yourself flatwise against the wall , and admire the prospect in the opposite direction till the cart is cleverly by . Of course the foot-paths , such as they are , are close to the wall , and give no room for steps to houses , where , as in most cases , they are built directly on the street . I was on the same side with Corporal F ——. If in passing , the corporal should attempt the street , there would be a collision . These mathematical problems suggested that I could cross over , as it was only a long straddle , but I had no desire to do so . Almost unconsciously , however , my musket went to the perpendicular , my eyes fixed where I thought the north star ought to be , ( magnetic coincidence !) and my marching-foot was coming down with extra emphasis , at a point just abreast of him , when I thought — it might be imagination — but I thought his foot moved out slightly from the threshold . Quick as the thought , which was lightning in my then state of the brain , I wheeled , brought my musket with a ring upon the lime-stone , and looked Corporal F —— dead in the face ! He returned the look with less interest than I expected , but he did n't waver a hair , and our eyes fixed upon each other as steadily as though we had been playing at small-swords . There was barely breathing room between us ; and at one time his lips moved as about to speak , but he said nothing . Of course , I had nothing to say , but if he had any explanation to make , I was then ready to hear it ; and if not —— I was going on in this manner to myself , when it occurred to me that he was unarmed , and I had a musket , with a tremendous bore , ( especially a great bore of a hot day ) and a ball then in it , that I would not have dared to have sent within three points of the most distant vessel in the offing . Without taking my eye from him , I resumed my up-street facing ; the accenting foot forward , musket to shoulder , and immediately marched up street . If Bravo had seen this evolution , and my march up the street , how smoothly he would have rolled out his Spanish braggadocia upon my military training ! As I passed under balconies loaded down with gay girls , fingers may have been kissed at me ; quite likely ; I never knew , for I went ‘ right on ’ with set teeth to the Fort . And now , would Corporal F —— challenge ? I certainly had given him a chance , and I was in a perfect fever to bring matters to a crisis . I am not a fighting man . I never eat veal , or any thing that 's killed young ; preferring to wait till I am convinced that from wet days and cold winters the beast must have become indifferent to a knock on the head : but who could refuse his antipathy ? Who could live in the same air with his tom-cat ? The day passed — and I was not challenged . That night , as we lay about the camp-fire , I was possessed of a sudden inspiration , and immediately gave a loud shout . Bravo looked up enquiringly , and Boag , who was privy to my antipathy , sprang to his feet , ready for any emergency . Boag knew that something was in the wind . I paid no attention to either of them , but called up Tom , my errand-boy , and gave him the requisites , with a pass , for a gallon of Santa Cruz , sugar , etc ; and all the eggs he could find in town , and then despatched a few men with a boat , for a load of oysters . Boag was the only other American in our camp . He happened in Florida , in what manner I do n't know , from Charleston , South-Carolina , and fell an easy victim , having been captured before I had that pleasure . He was the happiest man I ever knew ; happy in every thing he undertook , and careful not to undertake too much . His sagacity upon that point alone would have made a character of any ordinary man . The mere motion of the man seemed to be a high enjoyment , and his bowling at nine-pins was the very perfection of carelessness . He was never guilty of a ‘ spare , ’ and would have shuddered at the nicety and precision of hitting any particular pin . But Boag 's highest happiness , literally and technically , was in his composition of egg-nogg . Egg-nogg from Boag was irresistible ; a smooth , and chaste production : the white of a pullet 's egg , deliciously flavored , was all you could think of , until — some time after taking it . About nine o'clock , the roast and ‘ nogg were ready ; and then , as we grouped about the fire you should have looked in upon us , to have seen happy faces . The Spaniards in a perfect sputter of talk and gesticulation as though every oyster burnt to the stomach ; Boag presiding every where with his stick ; and myself , the Mephistophiles of the occasion , lying on a board , the windward side of the group , taking just enough of the ‘ nogg to digest each particular oyster , and no more . Toward midnight , they had worried themselves sleepy , and crept off to their berths . Bravo bringing up the rear , and laying himself out in a very grand manner , his legs and arms indicating all points of the compass , to signify , I suppose , that he ruled in all directions . After waiting a suitable time for the sentries to become careless , I beckoned to Boag , whose intuition was as perfect as a woman 's , and he followed me stealthily into the long salt grass bordering the beach . The sentries were ordered to fire immediately upon any one who refused to answer their challenge ; and knowing that the sentry we had to pass was only half-drunk , I had a painful apprehension that the egg-nogg was after all a questionable fore-thought . We had gained but a short distance , when the quick challenge sent us headlong in the grass . The sentry could n't leave his post , and probably concluded that some wild fowl had risen between him and the sky , and settled down again . Emerging again , at about the same distance on the other side of the sentry , we were again challenged , and made our salaam , as before , in the same unhesitating manner . Presently the challenge was repeated , and we thought we heard the click of his musket . The night was painfully still , and it might be the sharp cry of a disturbed snipe , or the snapping of a brand at the camp-fire . We were breathless ‘ for a space , ’ and the musketoes seemed to know perfectly well that we durst not raise a finger to brush them off . Then creeping along till we were sure of being within the shade of the forest , we came to the perpendicular again , and walked on rapidly to the camp of Corporal F ——. I hinted to Boag to keep calm , and ready for any thing that might turn up ; at which he looked amazed , but said nothing ; no doubt wondering that I had not yet learned to appreciate him . At this moment , we received an abrupt challenge from the advanced guard of Corporal F ——. I shouted back , with all the strength of egg-nogg , the magic words , ‘ Officer of the Night ! ’ And oh ! what a relief to that sentry , as he made the pine woods ring with ‘ Corporal of the Guard — Grand Rounds — Officer of the Night ! ’ Turkey-buzzards flew about on the tree-tops , and the whole family of wild fowl , coughed and wheezed out their disturbance upon the still night . Then arose the hum of the camp . A dozen sleepy Spaniards sprang from their berths , swearing vociferously ; lights waved , swords clattered to the hip , and down came Corporal F ——, with his men superbly belted , their heads leaning back to the north star , and muskets flashing in the torch-light of three negroes coming on before . At a short distance from us , Corporal F —— gave a tremendous ‘ Halt ! ’ upon which , I made two steps forward , and waving off the little niggers to the right and left , stood in bold relief — the Officer of the Night . ‘ Well , of course Corporal F —— drew his sword , and ‘ cut you in sunder at the waist ? ’ Not at all ; but if that column of men , together with Corporal F ——, had immediately fallen over backward , I could not have been better satisfied of their astonishment . The short silence was so terrible to Boag , that feeling he must say something , he suggested a want of candles , in a feeble way ; and then , with a hurried ‘ Right about face — march ! ’ the Corporal and guard vanished in the darkness . Reader , I am sorry to hoax you , but there was no catastrophe . An antipathy looked dead in the face is always pointless . I was not challenged by Corporal F ——; and as corporal , I never saw him after that night . I never knew his name ; and it is quite probable that five years afterward I passed my wine to him in that same old antiquated town . There was a face at our hotel that reminded me very much of Corporal F ——; but with five years , my antipathy had gone , and my tom-cat was a very clever companion . EPIGRAM OF PLATO TO A DECEASED FRIEND . AS once thou shon'st , a morning star , With life 's young glory round thy head , So now thou deck'st the western sky , Soft gleaming from among the dead . W. H. H . AUTUMN . ON woodland and on mountain side Rich , varied tints appear ; By mossy stone and wandering wave Pale leaves are falling sere ; The garden flowers all scattered lie , In sorrowful decay , And the greenness of the valley slope Is fading fast away ! And are the verdure and the bloom In their fresh prime so dear , That thus the spirit mourneth o'er The ruin of the year ? No ! ‘ tis because true types are they Of lovelier , dearer things ; Hopes , joys , and transports , unto which The soul so fondly clings . There is a moral in each leaf That droppeth from the tree ; In each lone , barren bough that points To heaven so mournfully : Mute Nature , in her silent way , A mystic lesson tells , And they who watch the Sybil well May profit by her spells . Richmond , Virginia . BON-ROSNI . FIORELLO 'S FIDDLE-STICK . BY A NEW CONTRIBUTOR . AMONG the men of rank in London , who were distinguished during the last century for their love of music , the Baron Baygo held a prominent place . This worthy man found music in every thing . Did a door creak upon its hinges , did a chair make a shrill sound in gliding over the floor , presto ! in an instant our melomaniac seizes his tablets and marks down the corresponding musical inflections . There was not , in short , an itinerant merchant of the streets of London whose favorite cry had not been reproduced in the collection of Baron Baygo . To speak truth , however , it must be confessed that the musical education of our Baron had not been of the most thorough character , being rather superficial than solid . He was consequently obliged to have recourse to an amanuensis to note down for him , in a proper and artist-like manner , all the noises , good , bad , or indifferent , which figured in his musical agenda . To procure a person of sufficient tact and patience to understand and humor all the Baron 's whims , it may readily be imagined was no easy task . Having changed a score of times his musical secretaries , he succeeded however at length in attaching to him the celebrated Fiorello , an Italian violinist of rare talent , and as simple and candid in character as the majority of his countrymen are crafty and astute . Still the Baron , in spite of the three hours which he devoted every day to the practice of the violin , could never attain the faculty of playing with correctness ; and his harmonicidal hand was continually entangled in difficulties , and made sad havoc with the doleful-sounding flats . Fiorello was almost in despair . At length , the Baron , one day throwing his violin on the floor , cried out in a rage : ‘ Yes ! I have already restrained myself too long ; but patience ! I am determined that these cursed flats shall bother me no longer ! ’ ‘ What is it you mean , my Lord ? ’ said Fiorello , in astonishment . ‘ Why I mean to say , ’ replied the Baron , ‘ that this very night I will make a motion in the House of Lords , to oblige musical composers from henceforth to leave out all those infernal flats from their music , under a heavy penalty . ’ ‘ Ah ha ! ’ said Fiorello , bursting into laughter ; ‘ the proposal will be a pleasant one . ’ ‘ It will at least have a good moral effect , Sir , ’ replied the Baron , with dignity . ‘ Have we not a statute against profane swearing ? ’ ‘ Certainly , my lord . ’ ‘ Well then , were it not for these vile flats , I should not have broken it , for my own part , more than a thousand times , since I commenced the practice of the violin . ’ It never appeared , however , that the Baron carried his threat into execution . One day , when the Baron , after three years of close application , had come to handle the bow passably well , and could execute with tolerable correctness a solo of Jarnovich , leaving out the flats , he declared to Fiorello that he had made up his mind to give his friends a taste of the first fruits of his newly-acquired talent ; and he accordingly directed him to make arrangements for a concert for the ensuing Saturday . By order of the Baron , notes of invitation were sent out to princes of the royal family , to the grand dignitaries of the united kingdoms , to the speakers of the two houses of parliament , and to the lord-mayor of London . So well known in high life were the foibles and eccentricities of the Baron , that each one took a malicious pleasure in accepting the invitation . The day appointed for the concert at length arrived . Fiorello was very thoughtful ; and at breakfast , spite of the repeated invitations of the Baron 's niece , a sprightly girl of sixteen , with whom he sat at table , scarcely swallowed a mouthful . ‘ What ails you , my good master ? ’ said Miss Betsey to him . ‘ Alas ! Miss , ’ replied the poor musician , ‘ I fear that his lordship will compromise this evening my twenty years of honorable professorship . ’ ‘ What ! is that all , Signor Fiorello ? Is not your reputation already sufficiently established ? Take my advice ; place yourself on the side of the laughers ; and believe me , they will be the most numerous party this evening . ’ Fiorello , in spite of the encouragement of Miss Betsey , repaired to the rehearsal of the concert with much fear and anxiety . When the time for its commencement arrived , the Baron , carrying his head very erect , mounted the stage prepared for the solo players , and without waiting to see if the others were ready , went to work in a most pitiless manner upon the piece he had selected for his d é but . It was a frightful charivari ! But the musicians were paid to find out great talent in their patron , and the applause he received , although given with a degree of empressement which might seem a little ironical , made him the happiest of mortals . So far , all went on well ; but when , in the evening , the Baron saw among the invited guests the brother of the king , an excellent violinist , and his cousin , the Duchess of Cambridge , who had the reputation of being one of the first musicians of the day , he was seized with an insurmountable panic , and ran to find Fiorello . But the professor had departed about noon , and his servant could not tell what had become of him . ‘ Come on then ! ’ said the Baron ; ‘ the die is cast ! I must play , cost what it will ! I will at least , however , make use of the fiddle-stick of my master , who , without the least regard for my reputation , has abandoned me at this critical moment , in such a shameful manner . ’ The concert commenced with a magnificent chorus of Handel , which brought forth immense applause . Then La Mengotti warbled in a divine manner an air of P æ siello , and was conducted back to her seat in triumph . The order of the programme now designated the solo of the Baron . Trembling from head to foot , he took his place , and bowed profoundly to the august assemblage ; while the orchestra attacked the overture , which usually precedes those morceaus which are designed to give eclat to a virtuoso . To the astonishment of all present , the Baron executed the opening part of the concerto with a vigor and precision that was marvellous . The audience , who had come with the intent of laughing at their entertainer , were lost in perfect amazement . But still greater was their astonishment , when the Baron executed , with consummate taste and skill , a delicious vitanello , which was set in the midst of the greatest difficulties of his piece , like an odor-breathing violet in the midst of a bunch of thorns . All arose with one accord ; handkerchiefs waved in the air ; and the name of the Amphytrion of the entertainment was mingled with the most hearty vivats . The poor Baron experienced a sensation that he had never before known ; his limbs trembled beneath him , and his forehead was covered with huge drops of perspiration . The next day , the valet-de-chambre of Baron Baygo , while arranging the instruments which had been used at the concert , observed that the hair of a valuable bow was covered with a thick coating of candle-grease . Astonished at this phenomenon , he carried it to his master , who , equally puzzled , sent for Fiorello , and holding up the bow , said : ‘ Here , my dear master , is your fiddle-stick ; it was of great service to me last evening , I assure you ; for without it I should not to-day have carried my election as Speaker of the House . Leave it with me as a token of remembrance , and accept this as a mark of my esteem . ’ Thus saying , he slipped into the hand of Fiorello a draft on his banker for a hundred pounds . ‘ But explain to me , ’ added the Baron , ‘ how comes the hair of the bow in such a condition ? ’ Fiorello hung down his head , without replying . ‘ Oh , uncle ! ’ cried Miss Betsey , ‘ I will tell you all about it . Last night , during the concert , Signor Fiorello was hid behind the screen ; and it was he who made all the beautiful music , while you were scraping the fiddle so hard , with a fiddle-stick that made no noise ! ’ For a few moments , the Baron stood confounded . ‘ Marvellous effect of self-love ! ’ at length he exclaimed , for with all his foibles he was at bottom a man of sense ; ‘ so excited was I last evening , that I really thought it was myself who executed those beautiful pieces ! But come , I must not quarrel with you , my dear Fiorello ; and I beg leave to double the amount of this draft , for the sake of the stratagem , which has saved my reputation as a virtuoso . But I see plainly that I must stop here , and play no more upon the violin , lest this affair should get wind . ’ The Baron kept his word ; he gave up for ever his favorite instrument ; but in order to make himself amends , he diligently collected , from time to time , all the different inflections of voice of the members of the upper house ; and a curious medley it was ! SUNSET : THE DYING CHRISTIAN . AIR : ‘ THE LAST ROSE OF SUMMER . ’ OH ! how glorious the vision , when the Sun sinks to rest , Mid the bright fields Elysian , on Evening 's soft breast ; While brilliant and glowing with purple and gold , The clouds round him flowing , their splendors unfold ! How calmly , serenely , his beams die away , As he lingers so sweetly on the confines of day ! Then leaving behind him the shadows of night , He claims for his treasure a day ever bright . ‘ Tis thus with the pilgrim , when life sinks apace ; Bright angels attend him at the end of the race : And hov'ring around him in glorious array , They rejoice in his future — an infinite day ! Oh ! how joyful he lingers , while DEATH doth release , With his cold icy fingers his soul , filled with peace ! Then leaving earth 's regions of sorrow and pain , He joins the blest legions , with JESUS to reign . T. W. S . SONG OF THE WESTERN STEAMBOAT-MEN . FROM AN UNPUBLISHED POEM . [ A ] I . YE mariners who sail the seas , I 'm told you 've made the boast , Of all who go upon the waves You hold yourselves the toast ; But list to me , ye mariners , As bounding on ye go , A-cracking up your merry ship , And your wild yo ! heave ho ! II . I 'll not deny , ye mariners , It is a joyous thing To see ye dashing on your way , Like bird upon the wing ; Ye wave a farewell hand to home , And then away ye sweep , To where the blue sky rests upon The bosom of the deep . III . But mariners — but mariners , When loud the storm doth blow , Ye have a toilsome time , my boys , With your wild yo ! heave ho ! And when at last the calm comes on , And ye swing upon the sea , Sad , sad are then your thoughts of home , And sadder they will be . IV . Oh ! how ye at the sweepers tug , And how ye have to tow ; And faint and weary comes the cry Then of your yo ! heave ho ! Ye say ye hate to hear our noise , Our puffing and our buzz ; But do n't forget , ye mariners , That ‘ pretty is that does ! ’ V . Blow high or low , ye mariners , ‘ Tis all the same to us ; The storm may blow its last breath out , What care we for the fuss ? And I 've not told of shipwrecks , boys , Upon the stormy main ; The long-boat swamped , and the wild crew Who 'll ne'er see land again . VI . To be rowed up a great salt sea , Beats rowing up Salt River ; And where we 'd strike a snag and land , Why , you 'd be gone forever ! We go ahead so steadily , And never give a lurch , Ye 'd take us for a hide-bound chap A-hurrying to church . VII . But though we puff as stately , boys , As any Dutchman smokes , We eat the best , and drink the best , And crack the best of jokes . Why mariners , ye 're months away , On hard junk-beef ye feed , While we have turkey , toast and tea , And every thing we need ! VIII . In every port ye boast there 's one To spend the cash ye give her ; Why , we have sweet-hearts , mariners , On both sides of the river ! We ask not for the starry lights To cheer us on our way ; We 've eyes that flash from every wood The clearest kind of ray ! IX . There 's SAL , she peeps from Cypress-Swamp , And Bet from Buckeye-Beach ; And we 've a passing word for both , And a sly kiss for each . I 'm told you say , ‘ cause boilers burst , Uncertain is our breath ; To die by bursted boilers , boys , Is just our nat'ral death ! X . And do n't ye die in calm and storm , And do n't ye die in slaughter ? And do n't they wrap you in a sheet , And chuck you in the water ? You 're food for fishes , mariners ! Ha ! ha ! your faces fall ! Well , here 's a health , my boys , to each , And a long life to all . XI . Broad , broad lands are between us , boys , But our rivers seek the sea , And by them , in our merriment , We send good luck to ye : Good luck to ye , brave mariners ! And mind , my boys , whenever Ye weary of your ocean life , Ye 're welcome on the river ! [ A ] THIS spirited Song is from ‘ The Adventures of a Poet , a Tale told in Rhyme , ’ by F. W. THOMAS , Esq ., author of ‘ Clinton Bradshaw , ’ etc . We have been permitted to peruse the poem in manuscript ; and are so impressed with the life and variety of incident which pervade it , and the ease and grace of its execution , that we cannot omit the expression of a hope that it may soon be given in a printed form to the public . The self-complacent tone of the stalwart boatmen of the West , will remind the reader of DIBDIN 'S sailor who ‘ pitied the poor devils ashore ’ in a hurricane whose music was so welcome to him on the deep . ED . KNICKERBOCKER THE ‘ EMPIRE STATE ’ OF NEW-YORK . BY AN ENGLISHMAN . THE above is but a significant title . New-York justly merits the appellation of the ‘ Empire State . ’ Considered only as one of many independent commonwealths linked together in a peaceful union , what an idea must her grandeur convey of the American confederacy ; of the strength of the chain which binds together such unwieldy masses , and renders the compact firm and enduring ! It is a harmony which , if it continues , will be more wonderful than any save that of the spheres . We enter into few statistics ; we merely state the impressions of an inhabitant of the Old World at taking a general survey of this portion of the New ; a glance at those great features which strike the mind of the most casual observer . New-York possesses in herself whatever would be necessary to constitute a great Empire , if distinct and separate ; cities , towns , villages , rivers , lakes , mountains , soil , productions , and the most celebrated wonders in the world of nature and art . In extent equal to Great-Britain , she is magnificent in population , dominion , in developed and undeveloped resources . Within her limits Nature has exhausted every element of the beautiful or the sublime . The ocean thunders on her East , and the Great Cataract upon her West . Erie and Ontario are two great seas upon her borders , where the mariner may lose sight of land ; whose billows are equal to those of the ocean , in storms which wreck the shipping destined for her provincial ports . The mighty river St. Lawrence , with its thousand islands , separates her from the British possessions on the North . On the North-east stretches Lake Champlain , one hundred and twenty miles , with all its variety of scene , from the low and swampy shore , to the boundary of steep mountains close to the water 's edge , or the cliffs where a hollow , murmuring noise is heard when the breeze blows , from the waters splashing in the crannies of the rocks . There are islands encompassed with rocks , shores ornamented with hanging woods , and mountains rising behind each other , range after range , with a magnificence which cannot be described ; but richer than all is she , when she receives the waters of Horicon , the loveliest of lakes ! It embosoms two hundred islands , and is shadowed on either side by high mountains , while its waves are of such delicious purity as to reveal the slightest object which sparkles upon its bottom at any depth . New-York has within it the sublime mountain scenery of the Ka ä tskills , where the eagle wheels over their hoary summits , and the winds receive an edge which sometimes kills the flowers of May in the valley . It has primeval forests where the axe has not sounded , and a few red men yet linger amid their gloom ; and it has plains which stretch themselves for miles , like the prairies of the far West . It has solitudes where the foot of man has scarcely trod ; and yet for three hundred miles , from the Hudson to the great lakes , it has city after city , town after town , village after village , in one unbroken chain , rising like magic on the borders of lakes or in the heart of vallies , where a few years since reigned the silence of nature ; a proud attestation of the superiority of the Saxon race . Situated in a most favored zone , with skies hanging over it for the greatest portion of the year unclouded as those of Italy , it enjoys the four seasons , with their accompanying blessings , in equal distribution ; the spring with its gradual advances ; the luxury of summer ; the autumn with its prodigal abundance ; and that which enhances all these , and is likewise full of sublimity , the snows of winter . Whoever has sailed upon its rivers , or clambered its mountain-sides , or descended into its vallies , or gazed upon its cataracts , but most of all , has become acquainted with its works of art , must acknowledge that this is pre ë minently the EMPIRE STATE . But the Bay of New-York , rivalling the noblest in the world for its depth , expansiveness , and beauty of its rising shores , is another feature which deserves to be mentioned ; and then we come to a city , destined also to stand in the first class . Accustomed as I had been to entertain an unpardonable prejudice and ignorance concerning the New World , and almost to confound the name of American with the red aborigines , it was with unfeigned surprise that I found myself in such a city , stunned with the hum of her incessant bustle and commerce , in the midst of somewhat fresh but stately buildings , and mingling with the crowds in a thoroughfare , considering its extent , one of the most magnificent in the world . Enthusiasm banished every prejudice . I beheld on all sides the aspect of a luxurious metropolis ; well-furnished shops , churches , public buildings , and private dwellings , which would have graced any city of Christendom . Fountains in various parts were throwing up their waters to a great height , and with profuse liberality . A river flowed through the streets , brought from a distance of forty-five miles by an aqueduct , in design and execution one of the most bold , stupendous works of any age or country ; yet some of my countrymen , who profess to write books , have not even alluded to it . Surrounded by so many wonders , I looked for something to remind me of the past ; to convince me that all this was not the work of magic , or of a few years . I could not persuade myself that the Indian ever rambled through the forests which covered the site of this city , and that the canoe shot silently over the waters where I beheld such a forest of masts . Just then , attracted by the sound of music , and the eager looks of a crowd , I observed twelve Indians , ( among them were some handsome women ) standing on a balcony which fronted the main street of the city , wrapped in blankets , with painted faces , and ornamented with a variety of gew-gaws . They were Sioux , who had come on under the care of an agent , and were exhibited as a show . The crowd gazed for a few moments , and passed on with indifference : but it was a spectacle calculated to plunge one into the most serious reverie . Here were the descendants of the original possessors of the soil ; the same class of men whom Columbus described when he kissed the soil of which he took possession ; children of the same frailties , ornamented in the same manner , the worshippers of the same spirit ! Here was the bustling Present ; they were the representatives of the Past ; the poor children whose fathers once possessed this whole continent , now gazed at , as if they were cannibals from the South Seas ! As they stood erect on the balcony , unconscious of the ardent gaze of the crowd , dignified , silent , and unmoved , they seemed to me like antique pictures hung upon a wall , in a garb and costume long since obsolete . They carried with them their arrows and their tomahawks , but these had long ago become powerless against the arts of civilized man . They looked down upon the Saxons , and saw the race which had destroyed their 's . Around them the marble and the granite were piled in stately buildings ; the columns of Christian temples rose before them , and the interminable streets of a great city . I gazed again at the poor children of the forest , then at the accumulating crowd , and all the evidence of power which I saw around ; and the juxtaposition appeared to illustrate most forcibly the forces and resource of two races of men . The twelve Sioux on the balcony , with their blankets , hatchets , and store of arrow-heads , were to the physical strength and arts of the surrounding people what the whole race of the red men is now to the race of the whites . The greatness of the city of New-York , which is the metropolis of the whole country , belies its provincial name , and its prosperity attests its unrivalled position near the sea . According to the present ratio of its increase , in less than twenty years it will number over half a million of inhabitants , and in less than a century will attain the rank which London now holds . The Old World pours in its wealth perpetually , and it is the great centre and mart of commerce for the New . Thither all the streams of commerce converge and meet . The cold regions of the North , the cotton-growing South , the great valley of the Mississippi , and beyond the Rocky mountains to Astoria , the wild regions of the utmost West contribute to its wealth . But passing by the feature of a great city , what a river has New-York ! I refer not to any of those which lie upon her borders , and are shared by other states or nations , but to the HUDSON , which is all her own . ‘ I thank GOD , ’ wrote the elegant IRVING , soon after his return to his native State , from a long residence abroad , ‘ I thank GOD that I was born on the banks of the Hudson ! I fancy I can trace much of what is good and pleasant in my own heterogeneous compound , to my early companionship with this glorious river . In the warmth of my youthful enthusiasm , I used to clothe it with moral attributes , and almost to give it a soul . I admired its frank , bold , honest character ; its noble sincerity and perfect truth . Here was no specious , smiling surface , covering the dangerous sand-bar or perfidious rock ; but a stream deep as it was broad , and bearing with honorable faith the bark that trusted to its waves . I gloried in its simple , quiet , majestic , epic flow ; ever straight-forward . Once indeed , it turns aside for a moment , forced from its course by opposing mountains , but it struggles bravely through them , and immediately resumes its straight-forward march . ‘ Behold , ’ thought I , ‘ an emblem of a good man 's course through life ; ever simple , open , and direct ; or if , overpowered by adverse circumstances , he deviate into error , it is but momentary ; he soon recovers his onward and honorable career , and continues it to the end of his pilgrimage . ’ The Hudson is , in a manner , my first and last love ; and after all my wanderings , and seeming infidelities , I return to it with a heart-felt preference over all the other rivers in the world . I seem to catch new life , as I bathe in its ample billows , and inhale the pure breezes of its hills . It is true , the romance of youth is past , that once spread illusions over every scene . I can no longer picture an Arcadia in every green valley ; nor a fairy land among the distant mountains ; nor a peerless beauty in every villa gleaming among the trees ; but though the illusions of youth have faded from the landscape , the recollections of departed years and departed pleasures shed over it the mellow charm of evening sunshine . '[ B ] [ B ] OUR readers will not have forgotten the initial ‘ Crayon Paper ’ from which our correspondent derives this exquisite passage . It may be found in the number of this Magazine for March , 1839 . ED . KNICKERBOCKER . We can add little to a picture like this , save the reiteration , that the Hudson is one of the noblest rivers in volume , and that its scenery is the grandest , of any river in the world . The Rhine , through a part of its course , is dreary and uninteresting . The Mississippi is incredible in its length : it rises amid the wintry snows , and passes into the insupportable heats of summer , bearing to another great city of the American union , fifteen hundred miles from New-York , the immense wealth of its valley . It is the Father of Waters . But its stream is always turbid ; its shores flat and gloomy ; its aspect melancholy , yet suggestive of deep thought . But the Hudson rolls brilliantly from where its thin streams rise in the mountains , until it swells into a magnificent river , and bursts into that noble bay . Here are no castles upon the beetling crags , associated with olden story ; or hoary ruins , every stone of which could tell a tale . Here are no ivied turrets , or moss-grown walls , or battlements crowning the rock ; yet it lacks not , though it needs not , the charms of history and associations of the past : it needs not the embellishments of romance or pen of the poet ; it is grand enough to fill the mind with contemplations of itself . Follow its course in one of those princely boats , miracles of architecture ! three hundred feet in length , which rush daily over its surface , swift as the lightning , yet more gracefully than swans — the ‘ KNICKERBOCKER ’ ! Now it is wide enough for whole navies to ride at anchor ; and the distant shores look dim , which afterward approach each other , and present the aspect of gay meadows and cultivated fields . Now it rushes around mountainous promontories , or cuts its passage through immense piles of perpendicular rocks , which stand yawning on either side as if a giant had torn them asunder to let the river pass through . Ossa is piled upon Pelion , Pelion upon Ossa ; and from the grandeur or beauty of the neighboring scene , the eye is directed by turns upon the waving outline of distant mountains . They are like the ocean-color , ‘ darkly , deeply , beautifully blue . ’ Sometimes the river becomes an expansive bay ; then a lovely lake shut in with hills ; then a fair and even-flowing stream . Memory can scarcely do justice to that splendid variety of highland and lowland , precipice and verdant field , towns and villages ; and the swift boat makes all this one moving panorama . Nor does the river abate in interest if you follow it two hundred and fifty miles , where its origin is found in the little brooks and delicious streamlets where the trout harbors , or among the thickets where the frightened deer hastens to plunge into the lake . There is a region in the northern part of the State , wild and uninhabited , containing two hundred little lakes . There are to be found scenes of indescribable beauty , to which only the pencil of the painter could do justice ; and yet there are few to tell him where to transport his easel . Its pathless wilderness precludes also the huntsman ; and deer and an abundance of wild game are secure in the fastnesses which have never been invaded by man . Yet is all this little , compared with the dominions of the Empire State . The traveller who directs his course westward from the Hudson to the great lakes , will pause at every step to wonder at her variety of productions , her endless resources , the magical growth of towns which have some scores of thousands of inhabitants , and yet twenty years ago contained only a few log-cabins of the hunters ! The whole space is a series of long , swelling undulations ; uplands which slope away for miles insensibly into rich-bottomed vallies , each one possessing its broad , deep lake ; and every one of these lakes is a perfect gem . Otsego , Oneida , Skeneateles , Owasco , Cayuga , Seneca , and a score of others are passed in succession ; and on the shores of each the lover of the picturesque might spend weeks with profit and delight . With such a prodigality of waters , and especially in the vicinity of the great lakes , the thunder-storms engendered by the summer heats are of terrific grandeur . One would think that the dissolution of nature was at hand . Some one has justly remarked that all things here are on a large scale . But the memories of the traveller are destined to be effaced , when he hears for the first time the thunders of the Great Cataract , and his eyes are turned to behold the cloud of spray which rises like perpetual incense above its brink . From the sea-shore to Niagara is now scarcely two days of easy travel . Not many years since , to go thither , one was compelled to plod his way through a tangled wilderness , trusting to uncertain pathways , in momentary fear of wild beasts or wilder savages ; and when he arrived at the place , nothing but the rapture of the vision could enable him to forget the perils of the journey , and the prospect of the return . One was forced to pass by other sublimities of nature , which are now unseen because they have disappeared ; the gloom of forests and gigantic trees , and the tumult of other cascades and waterfalls which are avoided by a more direct route . The transition is most remarkable from the heart of a great city , hundreds of miles distant , to the brink of this stupendous precipice . The forests which used to intervene , are reduced to separate clumps or groups of trees , which whirl round on the verge of the horizon , and disappear , making the head giddy ; and one occasionally beholds the trunk or mummy of a gigantic oak prostrate on the ground , preserving its ancient form and semblance , but ashes to the core . This is where the pioneer has been ; and these are but the shadows of difficulties which once impeded the traveller at every step . Oh ! the Rapids ! the Rapids ! It would atone for months of peril , to know the exultation which arises from looking on that congregation of billows ! There they come , from the whole chain of lakes and great inland seas , an incalculable host , plunging down a long sloping hill-side , which is the bed of the wide Niagara river near the chasm ; storming the foundations of fast-anchored islands , and shattered by the obstructions which they hurry with them , the fragments of the convulsion which burst open the abyss where they leap ! They seemed to me infinitely more grand than the sea when it rolls its huge breakers to the shore after a storm . Look onward , and the prospect is alike infinite . The sky and the white crests of waves form the boundary of vision , and seem as if they poured out of the sky , so great is the descent ; the waters gorging the wide stream , and impeded at every step by rocks , and concealed caverns , whirl , writhe , and agonize , with a violence of agitation of which it is in vain to endeavor to convey an idea . It is the highest example of wrath and strength in the elements , exerted without any cessation or rest . The sea is upheaved mightily , but it is sometimes calm , and reflects the clear sky . The volcano intermits its fiery grandeur . The conflagration dies in ashes , where its little spark was first kindled . The freshet , which is irresistible in its might , subsides in violence , and permits the flowers to grow up again on the fertile banks , and be imaged in the tranquil stream . The wildest hurricane which bears upward the oak , abates into the musical winds . But here the fury is unceasing ; there is only an awful , unnatural calm upon the brink of the precipice . And it is difficult to believe that there is any thing yet behind the curtain , and that all this display of waters , grand as it is , cannot convey the faintest idea of that which remains , and is but the ushering in of a more glorious spectacle . Think of the gentle river in the valley , with just current enough to preserve its purity , and so visited by the winds that it would not ruffle the swan 's breast which reposes upon it so gracefully ! Then turn hither for contrast , and look in vain on this mad flood for a single image of peace ! Standing on the bridge which spans the American cataract , and stretches to the islet which conducts you to Goat Island , you look down and shudder . Nothing which breathes could be tortured in that flood a moment , and live . Come then and look into the abyss , and see the waters take the last plunge ! And here description ceases , for the simple reason that it would be all in vain . With a grand sweeping arch , they roll forward over the ledge , are calm and silent upon the brink , then dashed into atoms on the rocks far below . The white smoke gushes up as from a hot furnace to the sky ! Oh what a cataract , and rocks , and river , whirlpools , and awful chasms , solitude and yet communion with spirits , silence and yet ‘ mighty thunderings ! ’ I thought I had died , and was breathing an immortal life in a new planet , where every surrounding object was more vast and incomprehensible . I listened to a voice which combines all sounds , yet chords with none in nature which it resembles ; not with the bass of ocean , not with the winter winds . It is something which connects you palpably with the Past ; a carrying of the thoughts and imaginations far backward : like listening to the blast of a trumpet prolonged by an angel from the beginning of time . A storm burst tumultuously above the cataract . The long reverberations of thunder would have terrified in another place ; but here they added nothing to the sublime . At last the sunshine , after a little interval , broke out of the clouds , and rain-bows crowned the glory of the scene , whose rich tints were perpetuated when the moon arose . For here on the very spot , in the midst of the violent element , where one might almost doubt the word of DEITY that he would not again overwhelm the earth with water , among the manifestations of His presence , sublimer than any but those on Sinai , he has dissipated every doubt , and hung over the whole magnificent scene his perpetual bow of promise . GREEN SPOTS IN THE CITY . YE fill my heart with gladness , verdant places , That ‘ mid the city greet me as I pass ; Methinks I see of angel steps the traces , Where'er upon my pathway grows the grass . I pause before your gates at early morning , When lies the sward with glittering sheen o'erspread ; And think the dew-drops there each blade adorning , Are angels ’ tears for mortal frailty shed . And ye , earth 's firstlings ! here in beauty springing , Erst in your cells by careful winter nursed , And to the morning heaven your incense flinging , As at HIS smile ye forth in joy had burst ; How do ye cheer with hope the lonely hour , When on my way I tread despondingly ; With thought that HE who careth for the flower Will , in HIS mercy , still remember me . Breath of our nostrils , THOU ! whose love embraces , Whose light shall never from our souls depart ; Beneath thy touch hath sprung a green oasis Amid the arid desert of my heart . Thy sun and rain awake the bud of promise , And with fresh leaves in spring-time deck the tree ; That where man 's hand hath shut out nature from us , We by these glimpses may remember THEE . New-York , June , 1843 . MARY E. HEWITT . A DREAM OF CHILDHOOD . I DREAMED that childhood had returned ; And oh ! ‘ t was sweet to roam Through flowery meads , and birchen groves , That skirt my lowland home . Again I chased the butterfly , And plucked the heather-bell , And wove a flowery coronal For one who loved me well . Again , with bounding step , I ran , And placed it on his brow ; Again I to the heart was pressed That 's cold and silent now . I saw with joy the mild eye beam That never looked unkind ; But with a parent 's fondness still To all my faults was blind . My dream then changed ; yet still I was That parent 's hope and pride ; Though stern realities of life Forced childhood 's joys aside . I lived , in memory , o'er again , With bitter tears and sighs , The hour when , far from home and friends , I closed his dying eyes . E'en in that hour of dread and death , How placidly he smiled ; And left a lasting legacy , His blessing , for his child ! With agonizing start , I woke , To feel life 's every ill ; Yet , ‘ mid misfortune 's withering blast , I hear that blessing still : And echo seems , where'er I rove , In gilded hall or bower , To greet me with the voice of love I heard in that lone hour ; A gleam of bliss amid the gloom Of sorrow 's solitude ; A talisman to draw my thoughts Where vice dares not intrude . It oft has checked my wild career When borne on passion 's wing ; For oh ! a parent 's blessing is A sweet , a holy thing ! In fancy , oft I follow on That faint , sweet voice of love , Till , leaving earth and earthly cares , I soar to realms above ; And scenes of dazzling brightness rush On my bewildered sigh : My spirit feels the Godhead there , In majesty and might . And sounds seraphic greet mine ear , And heavenly anthems swell : There , ‘ mid the choir , his voice I hear Who loved me long and well ; And , as the song of praise is raised , In cadence sweet and mild , Again the passing spirit says : ‘ ALMIGHTY ! bless my child ! ’ I. G . ANECDOTE OF A BOTTLE OF WINE . TRINCOLO . Oh Stephano ! hast any more of this ? STEPHANO . The whole butt , man ! CALIBAN . Hast thou not dropp 'd from Heaven ? STEPHANO . Out of the moon I do assure thee ; I was The man in the moon , when time was . CALIBAN . I have seen thee in her , and I do adore thee ; My mistress shew 'd me thee , thy dog , and bush . I CONSIDER the wines of France to bear the same rank in comparison with those of other countries , that the highest order of lyrical effusion sustains in the world of poetry . Ordinary Rhenish wines are it 's satires and pasquinades ; Port is didactic verse ; while among the first growths of the Rheingau , of Madeira , and of Spain , are to be sought the Shakspeares , the Homers , the Miltons , Virgils and Dantes of the wine-crypt . It is in conformity with this poetical disposition of things , that , when I expect a visit from my friends , I descend into my wine-vault or mount the stairs of my attic . There , with keys in hand , I unloose the spirits of the mighty past , and restore in their happiest temperament and condition , and to their bright and animated destiny , the effulgent glories of the grape . It was not always thus , dear John ! ‘ I do assure thee , ’ as my motto says , ‘ when time was , ’ a few cobweb 'd bottles of old Madeira upon the upper shelf of a chamber closet not too near the surface of the earth , and a case or two , and basket or two , in a distant receptacle , were , in the golden days of thy better manhood , but faint precursors of thy rich and cherished hoards ; thy vaulted cellar and thy loaded wine-chamber — fraught as these now are with the result of distant voyages , of curious tastings , of patient research , and of elaborate choice illustrated with a benignant and happy fortune . And yet those were glad days , bright days , precious days ; were they not ? What a flavor , what a zest the wines wore when thou and I were young ! And the cookery ! dear Sirs , how well-dressed things were in those days ! We were living in a French boarding-house celebrated for it 's cuisine . Our wine of course depended upon our proper self , but I have never met with a better table d'h ô te than we were wont to be seated at , particularly upon any intimation to our worthy host that we expected friends , and wished to entertain them with our best . There was nothing of the ‘ busy hum of preparation , ’ nor any anxiety about the successful practice of the cook , nor disappointment in the marketing , nor rising in the dawn of morning after a feverish night to acquire , at any cost , the first specimen of the season ; nothing of that state of perturbed feeling which a tourist among us well calls ‘ stirring Heaven and Earth to give a dinner ; ’ but the hour came , the guests were punctual , and we sat down with young hearts , young spirits , and above all , young palates to the board . Among those few cobweb 'd bottles that I have adverted to , upon that upper shelf , in that chamber closet , of that upper story , there might in those days have been discerned one that stood , like a star , APART ; the treasured , cherished , garnered bottle that should upon some alba dies occasion grace our bachelor 's repast . It was twin bottle to one that had been opened for us in that City of Refuge of good wines , Charleston South Carolina , in those days not less certainly than now , the abode of the hospitable , the accomplished and the brave . Our host there had produced its fellow as a specimen that he was desirous his friends should appreciate . ‘ Oh Stephano , hast any more of this ? ’ When I arrived in New-York after ten days and ten nights of continuous posting , ( the distance is now accomplished I am told cleverly in three ,) the flavour of that wine still regaled my palate ; there was a spiritual vineyard flourishing within my heart ; the fragrant blossom , the young grape , the purple cluster , the yielding pressure , and the nectareous juice ; the autumnal grape-leaf with its magic dyes , and all the long history of joy which it is given to one or two rare specimens of the wines of this life to impart to the spirit of man ; to impress upon his nerves ; and to be recalled in sensations that make glad the fountains of his heart , and dispense his affections among his fellow men ; all these were present to my senses , and delighted me with a varied , an intellectual , and constantly reviving joy . I had never known so perfect a beverage ; and I wrote at once to my friend , offering him in exchange any description of wine that he could name to me , bottle for bottle . He returned for answer an expression of regret that one only bottle remained of the batch ; and intreating my acceptance of what I prized so highly , sent it on without delay . This was that lonely bottle , that stood , in vague and uncertain light like a Hero of Ossian , upon that upper shelf , in that chamber closet , of that upper story . Often did I gaze upon it , often apostrophize it , praise it with a recollected gladness , remember its acquirement , delight in its possession , and wonder when the time might come , and when the friends , that should deserve the peerless , the incomparable offering . Upon a certain memorable day , and punctual to the moment , came a chosen party of my most honored and distinguished friends . The dinner was beyond praise , and all the appointments good . No crowd , no tumult , no excuse , no delay in serving , no vacant seat , no chair with small open hexagons of split rattan to disfigure the person of the guest for three successive days when the dress is thin , or to torture him when the weather is cold with pains which he is ashamed to complain of or even to mention —— a practice , Mr. Editor and all who hear me , still obtaining in some houses in New-York , and at times , especially in winter , more abhorrent to the thoughts than is the martyrdom of St. Lawrence , since heat upon a gridiron is in many of its appliances preferable to cold upon sharp rattan . No ; each guest had his cushioned chair , ‘ with ample room and verge enough ; ’ and course after course , and wine after wine , appeared , and was enjoyed , discussed , and quietly disappeared , alike without want or waste . Well , the time of the repast came for my selected wines : they were all prepared , and all in the finest order and condition . The series was a perfect one ; a veritable ladder of transport ; up which the spirits of my guests ascended gracefully , step after step , as each higher and higher flavour presented itself to their gratified and entranced palate . At the last , sole remaining bottle of the list , came my Charleston acquisition . It is certainly in bad taste to expatiate upon one 's wine from the chair , but as this was the only bottle of it 's kind in the world , it seemed necessary to introduce it with a word that should at least perform that ceremony . I told the story of its acquisition , and expressed the pleasure it gave me to present on this occasion the one remaining bottle of the world . We had been conversing a moment or two before , I remember , on the comparative advantages in drinking wine , between the sip and the throw , and had come to the conclusion , ( which I think every man of sense must ultimately arrive at ,) that the latter is the true way to enjoy the full aroma of the beverage , and at once to gain that gratifying descent , and that ascent to the wits ; in short that satisfying blessedness of taste , which the mere sipper of potations of whatever kind must vainly aspire to know ; say what you may to the contrary , Mr. T. G .! The bottle was uncorked , decanted , and the wine came forth , in the profound silence and expectation of the guests , bright as the beam of your mistress 's eye ! The attention of all present was so absorbed by their interest in this only bottle , that until every man 's glass was filled , hardly a sound was perceptible except the gurgling of the long-necked decanter as it distributed its glorious contents and passed with wings from hand to hand around the board and returned drained to the head of the table . Toasts were at that time in vogue ; and as soon as I had said , ‘ Our hospitable friend in South Carolina , may his own last bottle reward him for the pleasure of this gift , ’ each man did ample justice to the wine . How shall I recount the catastrophe that ensued ! We are all sinful men born to trouble as the sparks fly upward , and it seemed as if the wine had also dealt ample and instant justice upon us ! Every soul present was struck through the heart and liver to the spine ! All rose instantly from the table , speechless , aghast , and terrified with the effect ! There was a napkin or handkerchief over the mouth of each , and if we could have articulated a word , we might have exclaimed with the sons of the prophets at the feast in Gilgal , ‘ Oh my Lord , there is death in the pot ! ’ But it was impossible to relieve ourselves by words ; it was literally in tears and groans that the guests made for the door , vanished from the room , escaped from the house , and left me , appalled , transfixed , incapable of utterance , standing at the head of my deserted table , and feeling that ‘ No man said , ‘ God bless him !' ’ For a fortnight , three weeks , a month , no one of my guests had his mouth right ! I was afraid to walk in the streets lest I should meet one of them ; there was a paralytic stricture in the countenance of each member of that sad party ; in some it wore an expostulatory , an admonitory , in some a remonstrant , and in all the look of a much injured person . I must except one gentleman whom however I did not get a glimpse of until six weeks had elapsed . He was a well-bred Frenchman , with all the suavity and grace of manner that belongs to his class and nation . I shall ever feel grateful to him for the first kind word I had received since the discomfiture ; though I have sometimes had doubts , judging from the re ï nstated appearance of his lips , whether he had taken more than half a glass : ‘ My dear Sir , ’ said he , ‘ when I had the pleasure to dine with you at your very agreeable party , there was one wine that had flavour very exemplary , ma foi ! ’ I acknowledge it , I said . ‘ I think you did say it was American wine ? ’ I did , I replied . ‘ What is the name if you please , as I pay much attention to the sujet of wines ? ’ I named it . ‘ Will you be so very kind as write it in my tablet ? ’ I prepared to comply ; and telling him that I was not quite certain of the correct orthography of the word , wrote in large characters , the word , ‘ SCUPPERNONG . ’ JOHN WATERS . ON THE DEATH OF A CLASSMATE . ‘ OH ! what a shadow o'er the heart is flung , When peals the requiem for the loved and young ! ’ W. G. CLARK . WE waste no sorrow o'er the verdant tomb When whitened Age is called to meet its doom ; With shattered bark , on life 's wild current driven , The tempest , threat'ning death , but wafts to heaven ; And the freed spirit , borne on eagle wing , Mounts to the regions of eternal spring . No ; ‘ tis not Age we mourn ; life 's course is run , And soon , at best , must set its sinking sun . We weep no sad adieu when infant years Fly this cold vale , where joy still ends in tears ; Ere yet a cloud has dimmed their morning sky Which hangs outspread so clearly blue on high ; That sky the tempest 's wrath will soon deform , And the day , dawned in sunshine , close in storm . Oh ! who would bid that wandering spirit stay , Which seeks a fairer realm , a brighter day ! But when th ’ Avenger in his withering track Strikes in its bloom the pride of Manhood down , The heart 's sad strings , but faintly echo back The plaintive murmurings of Sorrow 's moan . ‘ Unhappy youth ! ’ ere life was well begun , And thy brief day had seen scarce half a sun , The roses from thy fading cheek have flown , And DEATH , the spoiler , marked thee for his own ! GLEANINGS FROM THE GERMAN . BY WILLIAM PITT PALMER . COUNSEL . SOUL of light in stone enthroned Is the precious diamond ; Son of light , do thou endure , Like this gem , still strong and pure ! EPITAPH . READ , wanderer , a husband 's moan : My wife was young and fair ! Now lies upon her heart a stone , And mine — is light as air ! ON THE EPITAPHS IN A CHURCH-YARD . FALSEHOOD , O man ! delights thine eye : Thou teachest even stones to lie ! ON BAVIUS . GIVE him to drink of Lethe 's wave ! why not Let the poor bard forget that he 's forgot ? LADIES ’ TONGUES . FRANKLY , ladies ’ tongues , confess Ye must wag perforce : Faith ! the sex might , as I guess , Without tongues discourse ! THE GRAY-BEARD . NEARCH is blind , and deaf , and lame , The prey of time 's corrosive greed , And long of crafty heirs the game ; When will the dead man die indeed ? GARLANDS . YOUTH , with chaplets grace thy brow , But the garland choose with care ; Wreathed with laurel fadeth late , Wreathed with myrtle soon , the hair . FRIEND AND FOE . LET warning wisdom 's kindly speech Thy friend his faults and failings show ; But let thy mute example teach The love of virtue to thy foe . PLEASURE . LIST a mortal 's quest , sweet Pleasure ! Why so fleeting ?— answer , pray : Lost as soon as found , thy treasure ! None can thy dear presence stay . Thank thou , Fate , she cried , whose minions , All the gods , love me alone ; Were I fashioned without pinions , They would keep me for their own ! THE QUOD CORRESPONDENCE . Harry Harson . CHAPTER FIFTEENTH . MORE than a week had elapsed since the rupture between Rhoneland and Rust ; and during that period Jacob neither saw him nor heard from him . But in that interval he had become confirmed in his purpose of resistance ; and had resolved , come what might , to risk any thing , rather than submit to the mental bondage which had hitherto crushed him . Steadfast in this purpose , he quietly awaited the movements of his adversary . On one fine afternoon , the bright rays of a setting sun streaming through the window fell upon the face of the old man , as he was dozing in his room , and awakened him . Starting to his feet , and casting his eyes hurriedly about him , he exclaimed ; ‘ I tell you no ; I tell you no , Michael Rust . It shall never be ! Ah Kate ! ’ said he , looking about the room , and seeing no one except his daughter , ‘ it 's you , is it ?— only you ? And I 've been dreaming ? Well , well ; thank God it was no worse ! It 's strange I should have dreamed that Michael Rust wanted you , Kate , and asked for you . But no matter ; kiss me , child . We 've done with him . There 's a comfort in that . We shall be quite happy — happy as we once were . Shall we not , Kate ? ’ Kate 's lips quivered , as she pressed them to his forehead ; and there was a busy little voice at her heart , which whispered a name , and brought up recollections that nearly choked her , as she said , in a low tone , ‘ Quite happy . ’ ‘ But Kate , ’ said her father , placing an arm about her waist , while he put back her hair with his other hand , and looked anxiously in her face , ‘ you do n't say happy , as in old times . ’ Kate was silent . What could she say , when her young heart was breaking ? But at last she did say : ‘ It certainly will make me happier , much happier , than I have been , to know that you are once more yourself ; that that evil , daring man has lost his influence over you , never to regain it ; and that there is nothing to harrass you and break you down , as there once was . All this makes me quite happy . Indeed it does ! ’ But there was that in her tone which belied her words , and Rhoneland observed it . ‘ Ah ! child , child ! ’ said he , shaking his head sorrowfully . ‘ I see it all . Ned Somers has much to answer for . I loved and trusted him . God forgive him that he meditated so vile a wrong ! He was to me as my own son . Had he loved you , Kate , openly and honorably as a man should , and as you deserve to be loved , and had he asked you from me , I would not have said no , Kate . But he acted like a villain ; and I 've cast him off forever . ’ Kate became very pale , and her voice grew thick and husky , as she asked : ‘ Father , will you answer me a question ? ’ ‘ Yes Kate , a hundred , ’ said he , drawing her more closely to him . ‘ I 'll sit here all day long , and answer you . Now that he is gone , I feel quite young and boyish again ; and nothing gladdens me more than your voice . Now go on . What is it ? ’ The girl took his hand in both her 's , and looking steadily in his face , asked : ‘ Who told you the tale which set you against Ned ? ’ ‘ Who ? ’ inquired Rhoneland ; ‘ who ? Why , he — Rust . ’ ‘ And have you never found , in the course of your dealings with that man , that he could forget or pervert the truth ; or even invent a falsehood , when it served his own purpose ? ’ Jacob Rhoneland laughed to himself , in a low chuckling tone , and rubbed his hands . ‘ What , lie ?— Rust lie ? Bless you , child , he does that more than any thing else . Ha ! ha ! He 's a deep one , depend on it . ’ ‘ And can you see no reason for his traducing Ned ? ’ said she , the blood mounting to her face , as she spoke . ‘ Was there no plan of his , which Ned 's presence here crossed , and which rendered it necessary to prejudice you against him ? ’ The old man pondered ; looked at her , and then at the floor ; and at last sank back in his chair , in a deep and unpleasant reverie ; from which he was only aroused by a knock at the door . ‘ Go to your room , Kate . It 's Enoch . I 'll open the door myself . ’ Kate had scarcely left the room , and Jacob had not yet risen to obey the summons , when the door of the apartment opened , and Michael Rust walked in , as quietly and serenely as if nothing had happened . ‘ Good evening , friend Jacob , ’ said he , bowing low , and speaking in his softest tone . ‘ I 'm here again , you see . I could not give you up so soon . I could not let a trifling misunderstanding break off old friendship . I had'nt the heart to do it , good Jacob . There was a severe struggle between pride and friendship , but friendship gained the day ; and I have come with an open heart to offer you my most humble apology , and to ask you to forget and forgive . I feel that I took an unwarrantable liberty with Kate ; but I loved her , Jacob , and was hurried too far by my feelings . I was wrong , and you acted as a father should . Let us forget the past , and be as we were . ’ Michael stretched out his hand , as he spoke , and even held it so , for some moments ; but Rhoneland neither took it , nor looked at it , nor at him , nor uttered a word in reply ; but with both hands resting on the top of his cane , which he had taken to assist him in rising , and his chin on them , sat looking out of the window , as if there were no other person than himself in the wide world . What was it that bowed the bold , bad man , who had never yielded to him before ?— who had trodden on his very neck , mocking his sufferings , jeering at his agony of mind ; returning threats for supplications , and revilement for tears ; and now brought him a suppliant to his feet ? Was it that strange , mysterious feeling which sometimes tells a man that the hour of his fate is approaching , and that his time is measured ? Was the coming storm flinging its shadow over his path , even before the bursting of the tempest ? Did he feel the earth sinking beneath his feet ; and was he glad to grasp , even at a decayed and shattered branch to hold him up ? Or was it a part of a deeper policy ; and was there yet something to be gained by clinging to his former dupe ? It may have been a mixture of all these feelings ; but certain it is , that there he was ; the same thin , bowing , cringing hypocrite , with a tongue of oil and a heart of flint , endeavoring by soothing words and fawning lies once more to win back the man who had turned his back upon him . And equally certain it is , that a more unyielding , impenetrable , imperturbable piece of humanity he had never met with ; for to all his fine sentences , allurements , and artifices of every kind , he received no reply . ‘ This tack wo n't do , ’ thought Rust . ‘ He wo n't swallow honey . I 'll give him wormwood ; but before that , one more attempt . ’ ‘ Jacob , my friend , ’ said he , drawing a chair nearer to him , seating himself , and sinking his voice ; ‘ perhaps you think I meant ill about your daughter ? ’ The old man moved restlessly , but was silent . Rust saw that he had touched the theme which would arouse him . ‘ You were mistaken , my friend . Would that the intentions of all were as pure as mine . ’ ‘ Speak of something else , ’ replied Rhoneland , abruptly . ‘ I 'll not hear you on that subject . ’ ‘ But you must , ’ said Rust ; ‘ indeed you must , my old friend . Not that I would annoy you ; but I came here for that express purpose ; and must speak of her . ’ Rhoneland looked keenly at him , and then at the floor , grasping the sides of the chair firmly ; as if to restrain himself from violence , and Rust went on . ‘ I 'm a man of few words , Jacob . Kate 's a dear , sweet girl . I love her ; she loves me . Will you give her to me for a wife ? ’ ‘ It 's false ! ’ said Rhoneland , starting to his feet . ‘ If there be a single person in this world whom Kate hates more than another , it is you ! Give her to you for a wife ! ’ exclaimed he , in a bitter tone ; ‘ give her to you — YOU ! I 'd see her in her coffin first ! Go , Michael Rust , ’ said he , extending his hands toward him ; ‘ your power is at an end in this house . Go ! ’ ‘ Not quite , good Jacob ! ’ said Rust , in a low , fierce tone . ‘ Not quite , good Jacob ! I know what your plans are ; what your hopes are . I know what Enoch Grosket can do ; and in what he 'll fail . He 'll fail to vindicate Jacob Rhoneland . He 'll fail to vindicate himself . He 'll fail to overthrow Michael Rust . He and Jacob will soon be cheek by jowl with those whose good deeds have placed fetters on them . It 's well , Jacob , it 's well . We 'll see who 'll win the race . Pause , good Jacob , pause before you decide . I give you five minutes . With Michael Rust for a son-in-law , you are safe . ’ Rhoneland grew exceedingly pale ; and then summoning his resolution , said : ‘ I have decided . Though it cost me my life , you shall not marry Kate . Go ! ’ ‘ Jacob Rhoneland , one word . ’ ‘ Not a syllable ! ’ said the old man , grasping his heavy cane , and his face becoming purple with anger : ‘ viper ! begone ! If you darken my doors one moment longer , I 'll fling you into the street ! ’ ‘ Good-by , Jacob , ’ said Rust ; but not another word did he utter , as he left the house . His face was ashy pale ; his features pinched and sharp ; and he gnawed his lip until the blood came from it . Regardless of his appearance ; with his long locks hanging in tangled flakes about his face , he hurried on . Dead and corpse-like as his features were , never was a fiercer spirit at work , to give life and energy to human frame ; never was there a stronger concentration of dark passions in a human heart . His pace was quick and firm ; there was no loitering ; no pausing at corners , to think ; no sign of irresolution . Darting along the street where the old man lived , and striking into one of the wider cross-streets of the city , he followed it until it brought him into Broadway . This he crossed , and plunged into that labyrinth of narrow streets which run between that and the Bowery . Threading them , with the ready step of one familiar with their turns and windings , he neither paused to inquire his direction , nor to read the sign-boards ; but even in the darkest and dreariest corners , his knowledge seemed certain and accurate . The twilight had darkened into night , and the streets were narrow ; and as he proceeded in the direction of the more fated parts of the city , dim figures , which like bats were shrouded in holes and dark hiding-places in the day time , were beginning to flit about , yet he felt no hesitation nor fear . In the most gloomy and blighted of all these places , he paused , cast a quick suspicious glance about him , to see that none watched him , and then darted up an alley between two houses , so ruined and sagged that their gables met over it like a gothic arch . Groping his way along , he came to a door at the foot of a flight of stairs which terminated the passage . He did not pause to knock ; but pulling a string , opened it , and ascended a pitch-dark staircase , which in like manner was terminated at the upper end by a door . At this he knocked loudly . He was answered by a gruff voice which inquired : ‘ Is that you , Joe ? ’ ‘ No , ’ replied Rust . ‘ Well , if you ai n't Joe , who are you ? If you ai n't got a name , peg away ; for blow me , if I open till I hear it . ’ There was a noise , as if the speaker , in conclusion of his observation , drew a chair or bench along the floor , and seated himself . ‘ Come Bill , ’ said another voice , ‘ this wo n't do . You 'd better open it . ’ A muttering from Bill showed that he thought otherwise ; but the person who had spoken , apparently not heeding his disapprobation , got up and opened the door , giving to Rust as he did so a full view of the interior of the room . At a table sat a man with coarse red hair , and a beard of several days ’ growth . He was a brawny fellow , six feet high , with a cast in one eye , which seemed to have been injured by a deep gash ; the scar of which still remained , commencing on the very eye-lid , crossing one cheek , and his nose , and giving an air of sternness to features which needed not this addition , to express much that was bad . His companion , who had opened the door , was a man of smaller build , with broad , square shoulders , dark sharp eyes , narrow forehead , and overhanging brows , and a thin , tremulous lip ; and though possessed of less physical strength than his comrade , looked much the most dangerous man of the two . They both eyed Rust for a moment , without speaking , and then the larger of the two said to his comrade : ‘ Tim Craig , hand the gentleman a chair . ’ ‘ I do n't want one , ’ said Rust abruptly . ‘ Have you seen Enoch ? ’ They both shook their heads . ‘ He 'll blow on me , and you , and others . ’ The two men looked at him , and then at each other , but said nothing . ‘ He 's set himself up against me — me ! ’ said Rust , his thin lip curling and yet trembling as he spoke . ‘ He 's a dark man , that Enoch , ’ said Craig , in a low tone . ‘ There 's no good in crossing him , Mr. Rust . ’ ‘ Crossing him ! crossing him ! ’ exclaimed Rust . ‘ He has crossed me . Who ever did that , and prospered ! Ho ! ho ! Enoch , Enoch ! you mistook your man ! ’ The two looked anxiously at each other , but did not speak ; and although they had the thews and sinews which could have torn the thin form before them to shreds , it seemed as if they both shrank from him with something like fear . ‘ It has come to the death-struggle between us , ’ said Rust ; ‘ one or the other must fall . ’ ‘ If you 're the one ? ’ inquired Craig . ‘ Others must go too , ’ replied Rust ; ‘ they must . ’ Craig gnawed his lip . ‘ If Enoch goes , he goes alone , ’ continued Rust . ‘ He must be out of my way ; he knows too much . ’ The men exchanged looks ; but the larger of the two seemed to leave all the speaking to the other , merely listening with great attention , and occasionally favoring his comrade with a glance , whenever it seemed necessary . ‘ I have no time to stay now , ’ said Rust , turning to Craig : ‘ I 've told you enough . Grosket is in my way . I must be rid of him . ’ Craig put his finger to his throat , and deliberately drew it across it . ‘ You 're a ticklish man to deal with , Mr. Rust . Is that what you mean ? ’ said he . ‘ I say I must be rid of him , ’ replied Rust , fiercely . ‘ Are you deaf ? Are your brains addled ? Rid of him — rid of him — RID of him ! ’ exclaimed he , advancing , and hissing the words in the man 's ear , while there was something in his look and manner that caused even the bold villain he addressed to draw back and assume a somewhat defensive attitude . ‘ Do you understand me now ? Law wo n't do what I want . I prescribe no mode ; but Enoch Grosket must be out of my path . ’ ‘ You 're growing red-hot , my master , ’ said the man , bluntly . ‘ But I must have what you want spoken out . Shall he be knocked on the head ? ’ ‘ Has n't he committed a murder , burnt a house , stolen , embezzled ? I think I 've heard of his having done something of the kind , ’ said Rust , earnestly . ‘ Of course he has . He 's done ‘ em all , if you like . Bill knows something about them . Do n't you , Bill ? ’ ‘ Oh ! yes , ’ said Bill , refreshing himself from a large pitcher of water . ‘ This ‘ ere vorter is very weak . Blowed if I ai n't forgot what liquor smells like ; and it 's so long since I see 'd a dollar , that bless me , if I think I 'd know one . I 'd have to go to some obligin ’ friend to ax what it was . ’ This declaration of ignorance was accompanied by a look of consummate disgust into the pitcher , and another of a very peculiar character at Rust . That worthy , however , seemed not unused to meeting with gentlemen in similar trying circumstances ; for he gave both the look and language an interpretation which , considering the enigmatical mode in which they were expressed , fully met the views of the man who uttered them ; and thrusting his hand in his pocket , he drew out a handful of silver , which he flung into the pitcher , and said : ‘ Perhaps that will improve the water . ’ Bill made no other response than a broad grin ; and then said in a more business-like tone : ‘ Well , about that murder , and house burnin ’ , and all that . What do you want ? ’ ‘ I want proof of it against Grosket , if he did it . ’ ‘ In course he did it , ’ replied the man , with a knowing look . ‘ Well , bring me the proof of it , and bring it soon . You know where to find me . ’ He turned on his heel , and even before they were aware that he had left the room , he was on his way through the street . His course was now to his old den . When he reached it , he found even that paragon of clerks , Mr. Kornicker , absent . This was a relief ; for he was too much excited to care to have any witness of his appearance . ‘ It struck seven as I passed the town-clock , ’ said he . ‘ It wants an hour to the time fixed . I 'll wait . ’ Although it was dark , he flung himself on a chair , without striking a light , and sat for some time in silence , tapping the floor with his foot . But rest was not the thing for his present mood ; and he soon started up , and paced the room , muttering to himself . At last the clock struck eight . The lights , which shining from the windows in different parts of the building , somewhat relieved the gloom of his room , were extinguished one by one , and it became pitchy dark . Rust lighted a candle ; placed it on the mantel-piece , and stood looking at it for some moments . He heard a step on the stairs ; but it ascended to the floor beyond , then descended , and went out in the street . He looked at his watch ; it was but five minutes after eight . ‘ God ! how slow the time went ! ’ Perhaps his watch had stopped . He put it to his ear : tick , tick , tick ! There seemed an interval of a minute between every stroke . ‘ Five minutes past eight ; ten minutes more , and she will be here , ’ muttered he ; ‘ and then I shall know the worst . ’ He put the watch in his pocket ; and looking at the ceiling , attempted to whistle ; but it would not do . His blood was in a fever . Hark !— was that a footstep on the stairs ? No , it was only the tread of a person overhead . Hist ! what 's that ? He stood stock-still , and listened . There was a slight shuffling noise in the passage ; and then a faint tap at the door . Rust sprang forward , and opened it . A female , muffled in an old cloak , stood cowering on the outside . ‘ Ha ! it 's you at last ! ’ exclaimed he , in that abrupt , energetic manner , which suited his character better than his more usual tones . ‘ What news ? ’ The woman , either to gain time , or because she was really exhausted , staggered to a chair , and turning her face to the light , revealed the features of Mrs. Blossom . ‘ Ah 's me ! ah 's me ! ’ said she , leaning back , and sighing heavily . ‘ It 's a wearisome way I 've come , old and feeble as I am — old and feeble , old and feeble — a very wearisome way . ’ There must have been something in the look of Rust , who stood before her with his black , glowing eye fixed on her 's , that was peculiarly startling ; for she paused in her whining , and turning to him , said : ‘ What do you look at me so for ? ’ ‘ Is there no reason for it ? ’ said Rust , in a low voice . ‘ Is there no trust betrayed ? Have you done all that you swore to do ? ’ Mrs. Blossom , hardened as she naturally was , and as she had become , by long following a pursuit which requires no little assurance , was not without some signs of trepidation at this question . ‘ No , no ; I have n't . I swear I have n't , ’ said she . ‘ I placed two children in your charge , ’ continued Rust , in the same low tone . ‘ They were never to leave it , except for one place — the grave . ’ Mrs. Blossom 's wan features grew paler , as she whispered : ‘ Not so loud , Mr. Rust , not so loud . ’ ‘ As you please ; I 'll whisper , ’ said Rust , suiting the action to the word ; and speaking in a whisper , yet so distinct and thrilling , that each word seemed to come like a blow . ‘ I placed two children under your charge ; and unless I required them , and unless they grew ill , and died , they were to become what you are . Where are they ? I want them . ’ Mrs. Blossom looked hopelessly about her , as if she meditated an escape ; but seeing no chance of any , she cast a deprecating eye at Rust , shook her head , and said nothing . Rust went on in the same strain : ‘ They were with you two months since ; going on gloriously ; travelling at a hand-gallop to the grave . I have heard strange stories of them since . Are they true ? ’ Still the woman was silent . ‘ Answer me ! ’ said Rust , his fury gradually getting the mastery of him , and his voice bursting out loud and clear . ‘ Where are they ? ’ Mrs. Blossom clasped her hands and looked at him , but uttered not a word . ‘ Where are the children ? Answer me ! ’ said he , starting to his feet , and darting up to her , his eyes perfectly blood-shot with fury , and the foam standing round his lips ; ‘ the children , I say — the children ! GOD d — n you !— do you hear me ? ’ Mrs. Blossom cowered down in the chair , and made one or two futile efforts to speak ; her thin blue lips quivered ; but no sound came from them ; while a kind of idiotic smile fixed itself on her features . ‘ THE CHILDREN , I say ! ’ exclaimed Rust , gnashing his teeth with rage ; and seizing the woman by the shoulders in his paroxysm of fury , he shook her until she reeled and fell to the floor . ‘ What have you done with them ? Answer me ; or by the God of Heaven I 'll crush you beneath my feet ! ’ Before his amiable intention , however , could be carried into effect , Mrs. Blossom had recovered her wits , her feet , and not a little of her usual spirit ; and turning upon him , with eyes flashing as brightly as his own , she said : ‘ They 're gone , Michael Rust ; gone , gone ! Do you hear that ? Gone , where when you next see them you will wish the undertaker had measured them before . Gone , gone ! ha ! ha ! You wo n't see the lambs again . So much for striking an unprotected female , Michael Rust . That for ye ! that for ye ! THAT for ye ! ’ And she snapped her fingers in the face of the disappointed schemer , and left the room , slamming the door loudly after her . Rust clasped his hands , as she went out , and raised his eyes to heaven . ‘ Gone ! ’ repeated he , in a low tone ; ‘ gone !— both gone ! And I — I ?— what will become of me ? Is it for this that I have toiled and slaved for years ; that I have stooped to meanness and dissimulation ; have steeped myself in crime , and have had felons and miscreants of every dye for my associates ? For years have I been on the rack : no more quiet hours , or peaceful dreams ; no more love from those of the same blood ; but cursed , hated ; hated with the worst hate , the hate of one 's own kindred ; my schemes thwarted , my hopes blighted ; a felon ; my dearest hopes crumbled to dust ; these two children restored to their rights ; Kate married !— and I , I , where shall I be ? God of Heaven ! ’ exclaimed he , dashing up and down the room , ‘ shall these things be ? Shall I fall ?— shall they triumph ? Never ! never ! Be yourself , Michael Rust ! ’ said he , in a choked voice ; ‘ be yourself ! be yourself ! This has happened from trusting others . Rely on yourself , Michael ; be cool , Michael ; and then thwart them — thwart them ! ’ He paused and stood in the middle of that room like a statue . Slowly and by degrees every trace of excitement disappeared from his features , until they had assumed a sharp , rigid , fixed look ; and then , he said , pursuing the same theme : ‘ Thwart them ; thwart them , Michael Rust ! Work , toil , cringe , lie , steal , murder — aye , do any thing — but thwart them , thwart them ! Good Michael Rust , do n't suffer yourself to be a by-word in their mouths ! And if you fail , Michael , die fighting . There 's something noble in that . Be it so ; be it so ! ’ said he , in a stern , abrupt tone . ‘ They 've driven me to extremities . Nothing but desperate measures can save me . Desperate measures shall be tried . Does success require a life ? Well , well ; the world 's overloaded ; it shall have one . If I attain it , it will be another 's ; if I fail , it will be my own : the grave is a quiet resting-place ; a better one than the world , when a man 's foiled in all his aims . But I 'm weary , I 'm weary ! ’ said he , in a low , desponding tone ; ‘ my head 's dizzy , and my brain confused , by the troubles which have come so thickly upon me to-day . I must rest . ’ Drawing a chair to the table , he seated himself upon it ; bent his head down upon the table , and exhausted by the excitement of the last few days , which had taxed even his iron frame beyond its powers of endurance , he soon slept heavily . THE SEASON OF DEATH . OH ! thou resistless and relentless power ! Mighty , mysterious in thy every form : Unbidden thou com'st to mar the natal hour , Stealing the heart 's young pulse , with life scarce warm . And thou art there where the green vine is turning Its gentle fragrance from Love 's rosy bower ; And thou art there where silent stars are burning , Sweetly and calmly , o'er the bridal hour . And thou art there where young Joy in his mirth Presses his cup to lips of human wo , And thou art there where Pleasure hath its birth , Following its footsteps wheresoe'er they go ! And ah ! where art thou not , mysterious DEATH ! The young , the fair , the pure in heart , are thine ; Beauty , and love , and power , these all have breath But for thy conquering ; and hope divine , And bliss , and sweet affection , and the tear That sparkles in the eye of love ; the sigh That moves soft pity in the soul sincere , All , all are thine , O Death ! for all must die ! Passing like blossoms from the earth away , All that of life or being hath its share ; The heart hath scarce its hour of hope to pray , For thy cold hand , O Death ! is everywhere ! New-York , September , 1843 . EDMUND BREWSTER GREEN . THE MEMOIRS OF COUNT ROSTOPTCHIN . WRITTEN IN TEN MINUTES . A LADY one day said to the celebrated Count ROSTOPTCHIN that he ought to write his memoirs . The next day the Count handed her a little roll of paper . ‘ What have you here ? ’ asked the lady . ‘ I have obeyed your commands , ’ replied he ; ‘ I have written my memoirs ; here they are . ’ The lady was not a little surprised at the promptness of the performance ; and hastened to peruse the following morceau , the caustic wit and piquancy of which will remind the reader of the keen satire of Voltaire . MY MEMOIRS , OR MYSELF AS I AM . WRITTEN IN TEN MINUTES . TABLE OF CONTENTS . I . MY BIRTH . II . MY EDUCATION . III . MY SUFFERINGS . IV . PRIVATIONS . V. MEMORABLE EPOCHS . VI . MORAL TRAITS . VII . IMPORTANT RESOLUTION . VIII . WHAT I WAS AND WHAT I MIGHT HAVE BEEN . IX . RESPECTABLE PRINCIPLES . X . MY TASTES . XI . MY DISLIKES . XII . ANALYSIS OF MY LIFE . XIII . BOUNTIES OF HEAVEN . XIV . MY EPITAPH . XV . DEDICATORY EPISTLE . CHAPTER I : MY BIRTH . ON the twelfth day of March , 1765 , I emerged from darkness into the light of day . I was measured , I was weighed , I was baptised . I was born without knowing wherefore , and my parents thanked heaven without knowing for what . CHAPTER II : MY EDUCATION . I WAS taught all sorts of things , and learned all kinds of languages . By dint of impudence and quackery , I sometimes passed for a savant . My head has become a library of odd volumes , of which I keep the key . CHAPTER III : MY SUFFERINGS . I WAS tormented by masters ; by tailors who made tight dresses for me ; by women , by ambition , by self-love , by useless regrets , by kings , and by remembrances . CHAPTER IV : PRIVATIONS . I HAVE been deprived of the three great enjoyments of the human species ; theft , gluttony , and pride . CHAPTER V : MEMORABLE EPOCHS . AT the age of thirty , I gave up dancing ; at forty , my endeavors to please the fair sex ; at fifty , my regard of public opinion ; at sixty , the trouble of thinking ; and I have now become a true sage , or egotist , which is the same thing . CHAPTER VI : MORAL TRAITS . I WAS stubborn as a mule , capricious as a coquette , frolicksome as a child , lazy as a dormouse , active as Bonaparte , and all at my pleasure . CHAPTER VII : IMPORTANT RESOLUTION . NEVER having been able to master my countenance , I let loose the bridle of my tongue , and contracted the bad habit of thinking aloud . This procured me some pleasures and many enemies . CHAPTER VIII : WHAT I WAS AND WHAT I MIGHT HAVE BEEN . I HAVE been very sensible of friendship and confidence ; and if I had been born in the golden age , I might perhaps have been a very excellent man . CHAPTER IX : RESPECTABLE PRINCIPLES . I HAVE never meddled in any marriages or scandal . I have never recommended a cook or a physician ; and consequently have never attempted the life of any one . CHAPTER X : MY TASTES . I TOOK pleasure in small parties , and was fond of a walk in the woods . I had an involuntary veneration for the sun , and his setting often made me sad . Of colors I preferred blue ; in eating , beef with horse-radish ; for drinking , cold water ; at the theatre , comedy and farce ; of men and women , open and expressive countenances . Hunchbacks of both sexes always had a peculiar charm for me , which I could never define . CHAPTER XI : MY DISLIKES . I HAD a dislike to sots and fops , and to intriguing women who make a game of virtue ; a disgust for affectation ; pity for made-up men and painted women ; an aversion to rats , liquors , metaphysics , and rhubarb ; and a terror of justice and wild beasts . CHAPTER XII : ANALYSIS OF MY LIFE . I AWAIT death without fear and without impatience . My life has been a bad melo-drama on a grand stage , where I have played the hero , the tyrant , the lover , the nobleman , but never the valet . CHAPTER XIII : THE BOUNTIES OF HEAVEN . MY great happiness consists in being independent of the three individuals who govern Europe . As I am sufficiently rich , meddle not with politics , and care very little for music , of course I have nothing to do with Rothschild , Metternich , or Rossini . CHAPTER XIV : MY EPITAPH . ‘ HERE lies , in hope of repose , an old deceased devil , with a worn-out spirit , an exhausted heart , and a used-up body . Ladies and Gentlemen , pass on ! ’ DEDICATORY EPISTLE TO THE PUBLIC . DOG of a Public ! discordant organ of the passions ! thou who raisest thy minion to heaven , and then plungest him in the mire ; thou who extollest and slanderest without knowing why ; image of the tocsin ; echo of thyself ; absurd tyrant ; offscouring of the meanest houses ; extract of the most subtle poisons and of the most exquisite perfumes ; representative of the devil among the human species ; a fury masked in Christian charity !— PUBLIC ! whom I feared in my youth , respected in my riper years , and despised in my old age ; it is to thee that I dedicate my memoirs . Gentle Public ! I am at last out of thy reach , for I am dead , and consequently deaf , blind , and mute . Mayest thou enjoy these advantages for thy own repose and for that of the human race ! WE read in the ‘ Bibliographie Universelle et Portative des Contemporains ’ that ‘ when Count Rostoptchin visited Paris , people were not a little surprised to find a man of wit and good breeding in one whom until now they had regarded as a ‘ ferocious Tartar . ’ This brutal epithet was no more suitable to a man like Count Rostoptchin than that of ‘ an incendiary , ’ with which Madame d'Abrantes has honored him in her memoirs . A great many piquant sayings are attributed to him , of which we will merely quote the following : ‘ I came to France , ’ said he , ‘ to judge for myself of the real merit of three celebrated men ; the Duke of Otranto , Prince Talleyrand , and Potier . [ C ] It is only the last who seems to me to come up to his reputation . ’ [ C ] A celebrated comic actor . Here is another piquant anecdote . One day when the Emperor Paul I. was surrounded by a numerous circle , among whom were many Russian princes , and count Rostoptchin , his favorite minister , ‘ Tell me , ’ abruptly asked he of the latter , ‘ why are you not a prince ? ’ After a moment 's hesitation at this singular question , Count Rostoptchin replied : ‘ Will your Imperial Majesty permit me to give the true reason ? ’ ‘ Undoubtedly . ’ ‘ It is because my ancestor , who came from Tartary to settle in Russia , arrived there in the winter time . ’ ‘ Ah ! and what had the season of the year to do with the title that was given him ? ’ ‘ This , your Majesty ; when a Tartar-lord made his first appearance at court , it was the custom for the sovereign to give him the choice between a fur-cloak and the title of prince . My ancestor arrived during a very severe winter , and had the good sense to prefer the former . ’ Paul laughed heartily at this reply ; and turning to the princes who were present : ‘ See , gentlemen , ’ said he ; ‘ you may congratulate yourselves that your ancestors did not arrive in the winter ! ’ ANACREONTIC . I . PULSE of my heart ! dear source of care , Of stolen sighs and love-breathed vows ; Sweeter than when , through scented air , Gay bloom the apple-boughs ! II . With thee no day can winter seem , Nor frost , nor blast can chill : Thou the soft breeze , the cheering beam , That keep it summer still ! INTERNATIONAL COPY-RIGHT . CRISPIN , who stole leather to make shoes for the poor , was none the less a thief , says Wolfgang Menzel , in an article on literary piracy . But Menzel is a German , and it would be alike absurd and unsafe for an eminently practical people , like ourselves , to be governed in regard to our national policy by an eminently philosophical people like the Germans . We are by no means certain that Crispin is not a fellow to be copied : before we pronounce judgment upon him , we must know whether he stole from his own countrymen , or from foreigners . There is a vast difference ; a difference as great as the countries may be apart . Nothing can be more evident than the proposition that a nation cannot exist by domestic thievery , for I cannot steal from my neighbor unless my neighbor steal from abroad . Therefore , in considering a theft , nationally , it is of the first importance to know who it is that has been robbed . Like many other acute critics , Menzel has furnished a very potent argument to refute his own doctrines , by reasoning a little too close : the parallel between the shoe-maker who steals his leather for the benefit of the people , and the printer or book-publisher who pirates the contents of a book , is a peculiarly unhappy one for the cause he advocates . Nothing can be more evident , no principle is more strongly interwoven in our policy as a nation , than that of encouraging domestic manufactures . It is very plain that if the material for our books cost us nothing , we can manufacture them more cheaply than a rival nation that is compelled to pay their authors for producing them ; it is also equally evident that they can therefore be afforded at a cheaper rate to the people , and that the quantity sold will be in proportion to the lowness of the price , and that the intelligence of the people will be in proportion to the number of books that are read : if , in addition to the contents of our books , we could pirate the leather , paper , types , and ink of which they are composed , we should be the most enlightened and independent people in the world , if we are not so already . The trade of authorship has always entailed on its professors poverty and disease . The sedentary habits which it induces must of necessity undermine health : the abstraction from the every-day affairs of life , requisite to its successful prosecution , almost always causes insanity , or at least mania ; and it is not clear that monomania is not an essential feature of authorship : in fact , the history of authorship is but a record of wretchedness . No other profession has furnished an exclusive chapter of calamities . We never hear of the calamities of merchants , of brick-layers , or cultivators . If then we can save our countrymen from the exercise of a calling so manifestly injurious to their happiness and welfare , by availing ourselves of the labors of foreigners , to whom we owe neither protection nor fealty , what man who wishes well to his country will have the temerity to oppose a practice so conducive to our national prosperity ? We have declared ourselves a free and independent people ; but could it be said that we were either free or independent , if we were restrained , by self-imposed laws , from making free with the labors of a rival nation , separated from us by an ocean of three thousand miles ? or independent , if we were dependent upon ourselves for our intellectual pabulum ? The only independent nation of modern times was the Algerines , now unhappily extinct . They were a model people ! They were free and independent , in the most liberal and extended sense . They were dependent upon themselves for nothing which they could take from other nations ; and so fully did they carry out their principle of national independence , that they looked to a foreign power to furnish them with their governors . No native of the soil was ever harrassed by the cares of government . All their rulers were imported from abroad . In respect of mere corporeal rulers , we are as yet far behind the Algerines , but virtually we are in advance of them as respects our governing power . No one will deny that to rule the mind is far better , more honorable , more arduous , and more important , than to rule the body . Our mental rulers are all foreigners ; the majority of them pensioners of a government that advocates and inculcates principles directly opposed to those that we profess . They rule us by means of the books that we cunningly pirate from them , and thereby save ourselves a very great amount of trouble and expense . It is true that some of our people are mad enough to attempt to divide this ruling power with these foreigners , by publishing books themselves ; but their efforts only prove the correctness of our assertion ; for in order to smuggle their works into notice , they are compelled to make them so nearly like those that are printed , that they could not be distinguished from them , were it not for their title-pages . Evidences of these truths abound , on all sides , as well in the Church as the State . Some of our young preachers have improved their opportunities of studying foreign books to that degree , that they have boldly confessed that the great reformation was not only unjustifiable , but a real detriment to the cause of humanity . Others have professed a faith in the fine old conservative doctrine of the divine right of kings ; and one young presbyter that we know , has quitted his country , and now officiates as a chaplain in the dominions of her most gracious majesty , Victoria the First . Other blessings equal to these are continually manifested by our rulers and legislators , who give abundant evidence that they have profited by the continual influx of foreign mind . One great statesman , of the Virginia school of politics , a great patriot and a great orator also , profited to such an extent by his foreign books , that he could not even read a work that had been re-printed in this country . But we would not be thought to advocate so sublime and patriotic an extension of the great principle of pirating as this , because it would deprive our artisans and tradesmen of a very profitable business . Perhaps the most remarkable and beneficial effect of our independence of ourselves , is manifested by the clergy , who depend almost entirely upon England for their theology , and thereby become so thoroughly imbued with an independent spirit , that when they happen to be troubled with a thoracic disorder , or any other disease , immediately leave their flocks to the care of the great Head of the Church , and hurry off to Europe to consult foreign physicians , and inhale a mouthful of foreign air . But the real benefits of the present system of pirating English books , consist in the employment given to capital and labor . Our paper-mills , type-founders , printers , binders , and book-sellers , are kept in constant employment by the intellect of Great Britain . The brain of Walter Scott alone gave employment to a greater number of mechanics and tradesmen than that of any American since the revolution , with the exception of Fulton . It must be borne in mind that the imagination of a foreign author creates for us a source of employment , which but for him would not exist ; beside furnishing for us a never-failing source of recreation and profitable enjoyment . Were it not for Scott and Bulwer , Boz and James , we should have no novels to read ; were it not for Tom Moore , we should have no songs to sing ; and but for foreign composers , we should have no music . Since the successful experiment of ocean navigation , we have become more and more independent of ourselves ; and we now have the gratification of seeing London newspapers hawked about our streets , to the very manifest falling off in the manufacture of the home article . If we still remain true to ourselves , and resolutely shut our ears to the complaints of these interested and mercenary writers , both at home and abroad , the time will soon come when our people will be saved entirely from all literary drudgery , and even our newspapers be re-publications of London Times ’ and Chronicles , as some of our Magazines already are of London and Edinburgh and Dublin monthlies . How absurd , how impudent , how mercenary and grovelling , it is in these British authors to require of us to pass a law that will deprive ourselves of such great advantages , merely to put a few dollars in their pockets , and encourage a set of men among us to supplant them , and so inculcate a spirit of base and servile self-dependence among our people ! The great object of an author should be fame . No true genius will exert himself for filthy lucre . It must be infinitely more grateful to a high nature to be read by thousands , than to be paid by hundreds ; and therefore we benefit these foreigners in spite of themselves , by re-printing their works at a cheap rate , thereby greatly enlarging the circle of their readers , and adding to their reputation . It is very true that the British Parliament has passed a law giving to American authors the privilege of copyright as soon as a reciprocal law shall be passed by us ; but are we to be dictated to by the British Parliament ? Are we to be reminded of our duty by foreigners , who thus make a show of their magnanimity , only to entice us to follow their example ? Shall we become mere copyists of another nation ? Forbid it Justice ! forbid it Independence ! If we concede to the foreign author a right of property in the productions of his brain , which after all is merely the distillation of other people 's ideas expressed in some other way before him , or at best the promptings of Nature , which are the common property of mankind , like air and sun-shine , we shall next be called upon to recognize the inherent and indestructible right of an author to his works , for all time . When a citizen purchases of government a quarter section of land in one of the territories , and pays for it at the rate of a dollar and a quarter the acre , it becomes his own property , and the whole nation would rise up like one man to defend him in the undisturbed possession of it to the end of time . But if this same citizen should devote the flower of his manhood , the vigor of his intellect , and even the land itself which he may have purchased of his country , in the production of a book for the benefit of humanity , he would have no right to the possession of his work but for a very limited number of years ; and although he would be protected in the possession of his land , or the products of it , from foreign aggression , we would not allow him any protection in the enjoyment of the product of his brain , even though a foreign nation should civilly agree to respect our law for that purpose if we should think proper to pass one . The reasons for these distinctions in regard to different kinds of property are so very clear and conclusive , so exceedingly simple and obvious , that we do not choose to insult the understanding of our readers by repeating them . Some of the advocates of an international copy-right have urged in its favor that a measure so just could not be otherwise than politic , and that it would be safe to adopt one , without any regard to expediency , but relying solely upon truth and justness . But such a principle as this is directly at variance with the genius of our constitution and laws ; and were it adopted in one case would be urged as a precedent in another , and an entire overthrow of our system of government would be the consequence . Were so mischievous a principle as this once adopted by our legislators as their rule of action , what would become of those noble specimens of eloquence with which we are favored every session of Congress , when members who are perfectly agreed as to the justness of a measure , dispute for weeks and months in regard to its expediency or profit ? What would become of our army and navy , and our corps of diplomatists ? What would become of many of the peculiar institutions of the North and of the South ? In short , how would our representatives contrive to lengthen out a session , or even make a speech for Bunkum , to be read by their constituents ? The subject widens as we write ; absurdities throng around our quill , striving to get down to the nib of our pen ; and the very fulness of the argument chokes our utterance ; we grow fustigatory and impatient to lay about us ; but we must conclude in the words with which an ingenious cotemporary a few months since began an essay upon the same subject , namely : ‘ Copy-right is a humbug . ’ ‘ FULGURA FRANGO . ’ LINES TO FITZ-GREENE HALLECK . ON READING ‘ FORGET-ME-NOT , ’ IN THE JULY KNICKERBOCKER . BY CHARLOTTE CUSHMAN . I . WHEN spring-time fancies haunt the brain , Or cluster round the young heart 's shrine , No sadness clogs the dreamer 's strain , To bid him o'er his lot repine : By Love 's first fantasies oppressed , He hies him to some stream-laved spot , And sighs along the blue-flower 's breast , ‘ Forget-me-not ! forget-me-not ! ’ II . To manhood 's sterner cares allied , The image lords it o'er his will ; In vain the struggles of his pride , The form and features haunt him still . His pillow sought , the toils of life , Trade , strifes , defeats , all are forgot , While with one theme his dream is rife : ‘ Forget-me-not ! forget-me-not ! ’ III . Poor dreamer ! like his fleeting years , The autumn of his fond desires Pours disappointment 's icy tears , To quench his youth 's delusive fires . Within his heart , time and despair , To foil his hopes triumphant plot ; Unmoved at his unceasing prayer , ‘ Forget-me-not ! forget-me-not ! ’ IV . Like to the flower when autumn comes To seek its folds with chilling breath , And winter 's earliest whisper roams Its heart among , to tell of death ; Thus on man 's heart , as o'er the flower , Fall tears , with grief and anguish hot , And speeds the cry to Heaven 's high POWER , ‘ Forget-me-not ! forget-me-not ! ’ THE MAIL ROBBER . NUMBER FOUR . TO THE EDITOR OF THE KNICKERBOCKER MAGAZINE . SIR : I can only account for your conduct by this one supposition : you must be a drinking-man . Nothing but the repeated , though perhaps unconscious , inebriation arising from an excessive use of stimulating drinks , could produce that torpidity of the moral sentiments which is manifested by your editorial career . Your late allusion to the cordwainers of Xeres , or in vulgar tap-room slang , ‘ sherry cobblers , ’ is very strong against you . Your ill-timed merriment — the jocose levity of your ‘ Editor 's Table ’ — all go to confirm my theory . You indulge — I know you do . Now , Sir , as a strict Washingtonian , and the corresponding secretary of two temperance societies , I request you for the benefit of the community to make a statement of your case , with a phrenological chart of your developments , a brief account of your habit of body , your temperament , age , etcetera , together with the amount which you absorb daily , and a history of your propensity . In the anticipation of such a statement , I forego any offence at whatever may formerly have passed between us . You are to be pitied rather than detested . I know , from experience , that under the influence of stimulants we are not always accountable agents . We should be merciful one to another ; and although I have heretofore found it difficult to repress my disgust at your folly , I assure you that I am far from entertaining unchristian feelings . May you yet live to become a respectable member of society , and an ornament of our ranks ! You may find worthier employment in conducting some religious journal or temperance periodical . If you become sincerely anxious to reform , and to distinguish yourself as an ardent champion of virtue , the society will feel pleasure in lending you their powerful aid . Our funds are at present somewhat low , in consequence of the prodigious expense of a late fair and several temperance pic-nics in the country , at which we nobly burned many whole hogsheads of the most costly Jamaica and Cogniac spirits . The sight of the self-destroying monster wasting away in the blue intensity of his own suicidal flame , excelled any thing in the way of moral grandeur that I have witnessed since the Croton-aqueduct celebration . Still , in spite of our tremendous disbursements , I will venture to promise you , if you enlist under the banners of the cause , a handsome situation , either as a Reformed Inebriate , or a travelling County-Delegation Jubilee Pic-Nic Poet and Orator . Depend upon it , that under the cold-water system your profits will be increased , your morals improved , your appetite and intellectual faculties enlarged and well-balanced , and all the fibres of the frame restored to a firm , vigorous tone . Touching the subject of these letters , I would observe that our English friend has done very wisely in permitting their publication . But surely you will not think of accepting his favors without giving him an adequate requital . I am told they are extensively read , and add much to the attractions of your Magazine . He certainly ought to be most handsomely paid . Having never thought it worth while to make any poetry myself , I cannot well judge of the labor of making it , or of its value ; but I know that we have repeatedly paid clergymen in New-England thirty or forty dollars for a temperance ode , and hymn to match . For my own part , I am willing to sink my demand ( albeit a prior one ) in favor of his own claim . He will consider the propriety of either going on shares with me , or allowing me whatever premium he may think just upon each letter . Instrumental as I have been in preserving his epistles from the dangers of flood and fire , and procuring their secure transmission , through the pages of the KNICKERBOCKER , to their destination , he will not neglect my hint . I am willing to look upon it as merely a commission business ; my object being rather an amicable arrangement , and a mutual understanding of each other 's interests , than any thing of a mercenary nature . Whatever profit may fall to my hands shall all be faithfully devoted to the Cause . I send you herewith a splendid pictorial illustration , colored to the life , of the awful appearance of the interior of a drunkard 's stomach . It has produced a powerful sensation in Boston , and may persuade you to reflect upon the possible condition of your own intestines . I beg that you will by no means print this letter , as it may look like trumpeting my own goodness . Yours , etc ., in the Pledge , NOTWITHSTANDING the foregoing injunction of the pacified financier not to print his letter , it is evident that he intended it for the public eye . It would moreover be most unjust not to let the world into a knowledge of his many virtues . As to our own vices , and especially the one here dwelt upon with so much fervor , we must be permitted to remark , in reply to the commiseration and advice of our moral friend , that during the whole course of a life ‘ now some years wasted , ’ we were never ‘ groggy , ’ ‘ intoxicated , ’ ‘ boozy , ’ ‘ swipsed , ’ ‘ cut , ’ ‘ how-came-you-so , ’ ‘ swizzled , ’ or ‘ tight , ’ but once ; and assuredly that , as DOGBERRY says , ‘ shall be suffegance . ’ On a certain evening of one of the remote ‘ days that were ’ in our history , we remember ( ‘ ah ! yes ! too well remember ! ’ ) trying to discover whether there was any foundation for the suspicion of a friend , that we had been over - ‘ indulging ’ at a supper-party from which we both were returning . The fact truly was so . We ascertained , in endeavoring , for the satisfaction of our friend , to ‘ toe a mark ’ in the pav é, that the side-walk invariably followed the lifted foot ; and that when we essayed to set its fellow down , the pavement receded in such a terrific manner that the sole encountered it with a good deal more of emphasis than discretion . We recollect , too , that the key-hole of our bachelor'shYpppHeNapartment was found to have been stolen on that memorable evening , rendering our key nugatory , adscititious , of no account , and so forth ; and that when , by the aid of a fellow-lodger , we had achieved our room and bed , we found the latter emphatically a ‘ sick ’ one , and at times during the night in a very ‘ sinking condition ; ’ so much so indeed , that at one period we began to ‘ despair of its recovery . ’ But that one abuse of Nature , ( who always revenges herself , and at once , upon her assailants ,) taught us a lesson which we have never forgotten , and never shall , ‘ unto thylke day i ’ the which we crepe into our sepulchre . ’ For the rest , we certainly do affect an occasional glass of good wine at a cheerful board , with congenial guests ; such wine as we are informed , on the best authority , ‘ maketh glad the heart of man ; ’ such as Saint PAUL recommended to his brethren ‘ for their stomach 's sake ; ’ a wine , in short , which ‘ creates a spiritual vineyard in the heart , ’ and ‘ dispenses one 's affections among his fellow men . ’ ED . KNICKERBOCKER . LETTER FOURTH . TO WALTER SAVAGE LANDOR , FLORENCE . BY THE HANDS OF SAMUEL ROGERS , ESQ ., LONDON . ON the rough Bracco 's top , at break of day , High o'er that gulf which bounds the Genoese , Since thou and I pursued our mountain way , Twenty Decembers have disrobed the trees . Rome lay before us , hid beyond the peaks Which rose afar , our longing eyes to guide ; The wave was one whose name a history speaks , The Tyrrhene sea — the pure blue Tuscan tide . So many summers , in their gay return , Have found my pilgrimage still incomplete , Doomed as I seem , Ulysses-like , to earn My little knowledge by much toil of feet . Charmed by the glowing earth and golden sky , In Arno 's vale you made yourself a nest ; There perched in peace and bookish ease , while I Still journeyed on , and found no place of rest . And here I am in this prosaic land , This new Hesperia , less be-rhymed than thine , Here try the skill of my neglected hand To catch the favors of the chary Nine . And here , amid remembrances that throng Thicker than blossoms in the new-born June , Thine chiefly claims the witness of a song That still at least my heart remains in tune . You will not fail to pardon as you break The blushing seal that bears the well-known crest ; And every line , however rude , shall wake Kind thoughts of him who wanders in the West . But never hope ( with so refined a sense Of what is well conceived and ably wrought ,) To find my verse retain its old pretence To the smooth utterance of an easy thought . For who can sing amid this roar of streets , This crash of engines and discordant mills ? Where , ev'n in Solitude 's most hushed retreats , Machinery drowns the music of the rills ? True , Nature here hath donned her gala robe , Drest in all charms — wild , savage , and sublime ; Within one realm enfolding half the globe , Flowers of all soils , and fruits of every clime . Yet nothing here conveys the musing mind Beyond the landmarks of the present hour , Since every impulse is of sordid kind , Among this race , that moves the Fancy 's power . No mighty bard , with consecrating touch , Hath made the scene a nobler mood inspire ; The sullen Puritan , the sensual Dutch , Proved but a barren fosterage for the lyre . Beauty should speak : however fair the shore , With balmy groves which all the coast perfume , Until his eloquence the minstrel pour Over the landscape , vainly must it bloom . E'en thy dear Italy , whose ashes now , Albeit feebly , warm our Saxon strains , Was once , ere yet her vallies felt the plough , Fameless and voiceless as Iowa 's plains . Imagine old OEnotria as she stood In Saturn 's reign , before the stranger came ; Ere yet the stillness of the trackless wood Had heard the echoes of a Trojan 's name . Young Latium then , as now Missouri 's waste , Was dumb in story , soulless and unsung : Whatever deeds her savage annals graced Died soon , as lacking some harmonious tongue . Up her dark streams the first explorers found Only one dim , interminable shade ; Cliffs with the growth of awful ages crowned , Amid whose gloom the wolf and wild-boar preyed . Afar , perchance , on some sky-piercing height , Nigh the last limit of the eagle 's road , Some stray Pelasgians had assumed a site To pitch their proud , impregnable abode . Pent in their airy dens , the builders reared Turrets , fanes , altars fed with daily flame ; But with their walls their memory disappeared : Their meanest implements outlive their name . What race of giants piled yon rocks so high ? Who cut those hidden channels for the rills ? Drained the deep lake , and sucked the marshes dry , Or hollowed into sepulchres the hills ? These , in the time of Romulus , were old ; Even then as now conjecture could but err ; In prose or verse no chronicler hath told Whence the tribes came , and who their heroes were . A few rough sculptures and funereal urns , Which still are mocked by unimproving Art , Perplex the mind till tired reflection turns To the great people dearer to her heart . Soon as they rose — the Capitolian lords — The land grew sacred and beloved of GOD ; Where'er they brandished their triumphant swords Glory sprang forth and sanctified the sod . Ev'n yet their tombs , though dateless and decayed , Allure the northern pilgrim from afar ; Still Contemplation 's orisons are paid Where any fragments of their trophies are . Nay , whether wandering by the swollen Rhone , Or by the Thames , we mark the C æ sar 's tracks , Wondering how far , from their Tarpeian flown , The ambitious eagles bore the praetor 's axe ; Those toga 'd kings , the fathers and the knights , Are still our masters , and within us reign ; Born though we were by Alleghany 's heights , Beyond the desolation of the main . For while the music of their language lasts , They shall not perish like the painted men ( Brief-lived in memory as the winter 's blasts ) Who here once held the hill-top and the glen . These had their passions , had their virtues , too ; Were valiant , proud , indomitably free ; But who recalls them with delight , or who Their coarse mementos with esteem can see ? From them and their 's with cold regard we turn , The wreck of polished nations to survey , Nor care the savage attributes to learn Of souls that struggled with barbarian clay . With what emotion on a coin we trace Vespasian 's brow , or Trajan 's chastened smile , But view with heedless eye the murderous mace And chequered lance of Zealand 's warrior-isle . Here , by the ploughman , as with daily tread He tracks the furrows of his fertile ground , Dark locks of hair , and thigh-bones of the dead , Spear-heads , and skulls , and arrows oft are found . On such memorials unconcerned we gaze ; No trace remaining of the glow divine , Wherewith , dear WALTER ! in our Eton days We eyed a fragment from the Palatine . How rich to us th ’ Imperial City seemed , Whose meanest relic vied with any gem ! The costly stones on kingly crowns that gleamed Possessed small beauty , if compared with them . Cellini 's workmanship could nothing add , Nor the Pope 's blessing , nor a case of gold , To the strange value every pebble had O'er which perchance the Tiber 's wave had rolled . It fired us then to trace upon the map The forum 's line , the Pincian garden 's paths ; Ay , or to finger but a stucco scrap Or marble shred from Caracalla 's baths . A like enchantment all thy land pervades , Mellows the sunshine , softens autumn 's breeze ; O'erhangs the mouldering town and chestnut shades , And glows and sparkles in the golden seas . No such a spell the charm 'd adventurer guides Who seeks those ruins hid in Yucatan , Where through the tropic forest silent glides , By crumbled fane and idol , slow Copan . There , as the weedy pyramid he climbs , Or notes , mid groves that rankly wave above , The work of nameless hands in unknown times , Much wakes his wonder — nothing stirs his love . Art 's rude beginnings , wheresoever found , The same dull chord of feeling faintly strike ; The Druid 's pillar , and the Indian mound , And Uxmal 's monuments , are mute alike . Nor here , although the gorgeous year hath brought Crimson October 's beautiful decay , Can all this loveliness inspire a thought Beyond the marvels of the fleeting day . For here the Present overpowers the Past ; No recollections to these woods belong , ( O'er which no minstrelsy its veil hath cast ) To rouse our worship , or supply my song . But this will come ; the necromancer Age Shall round the wilderness his glory throw ; Hudson shall murmur through the poet 's page , And in his numbers more superbly flow . Ev'n now perhaps , the destined soul is born , Warm with high hope , though dumbly pent within , To shield his country from the common scorn , That never duly hymned her praise hath been . Enough — ‘ t is more than midnight by the clock ; Manhattan dreams of dollars , all abed : With you , dear WALTER , ‘ t is the crow of cock , And o'er Fi è sole the skies are red . Good night ! yet stay — both longitudes to suit , At once the absent and returning light , Thus let me bid our mutual salute ; To you Buon giorno — to myself Good night ! T. W. P . LITERARY NOTICES . ANNALS AND OCCURRENCES OF NEW-YORK CITY AND STATE IN THE OLDEN TIME . BY JOHN F. WATSON , ESQ . NEW-YORK : BAKER AND CRANE . HERE is a new work touching the KNICKERBOCKERS , which we are especially bound to notice ; and this we do with the more satisfaction , that we can heartily commend it to the notice of our readers , or what is the same thing , to ‘ the public at large . ’ We perceive by a few pages of the work which have been laid before us , that this is an enlargement of a former edition , favorably known to the reading public , entitled ‘ Historic Tales of Olden Time concerning New-York . ’ It now notices the rise and progress of the inland country and towns , relates much concerning the pioneer settlers , and details the hostilities and ravages of their Indian neighbors . It is in fact a complete history of a buried age ; and brings up to the imagination , for its contemplation and entertainment , a picture of ‘ things as they were in the days of rustic simplicity , so wholly unlike the present display of fashion , pomp , and splendor . ’ It is easy to perceive that Mr. WATSON gathers facts and writes con amore ; not for profit , in this book-making age , but because he feels and sees our wonderfully rapid advancement from small things to great . ‘ I have written , ’ he says , ‘ for New-York and State ; not for money , but for patriotism . I felt it due to the country , to tell its tale of wonder ; and due to GOD , for His gracious and signal providence , in so settling and prospering our Anglo-Saxon race , in this new field of His exercise . ’ To quote the warm language of one of our contemporaries : ‘ This is in truth a work without example for its imitation ; and with equal truth , it is in execution a work sui generis . It is a museum that will never cease to attract . Its annals and statistics will have snatched from oblivion valuable reminiscences of the early youth of our country ; and will furnish the historian , biographer , and the patriotic orator with matter to adorn and beautify their productions . He deserves the gratitude of his country , and the patronage of the reading community . Wherefore , no American that can read and can afford to purchase , should be without a copy of this valuable contribution to the memoirs of early American history . ’ We venture to predict that the aged will be delighted to be thus reminded of things which they have heard of , or perhaps witnessed ; and the young will be surprised to find such a lively picture of the doings of their forefathers . Among the many subjects considered , are the first settlements and primitive incidents connected with New-York , Albany , Schenectady , Rochester , Brooklyn , etc . ; notices of the early Dutch times ; manners and customs ; dress , furniture , and equipage ; local changes ; ancient memorials , and curious facts . Much is said of the Indians ; of the local incidents connected with the revolutionary war ; of ancient edifices and buildings ; in short , of every thing calculated to bring back scenes and occurrences of by-gone times . These matters too are related in a style peculiar to the author ; they are matters moreover only to have been perceived and scanned by a mind so constituted as his own . The work is undertaken by Messrs. BAKER AND CRANE , a young and enterprising metropolitan house , and will be completed in one octavo volume of about five hundred pages ; illustrated with thirty new pictorial embellishments ; and furnished to subscribers at the low rate of two dollars per copy , payable on delivery . Among the engravings , which are to be executed in the best manner on wood , will be two views of New-York City ; one of New-Amsterdam in 1659 , one of New-Orange in 1673 ; a map of the city , as it appeared in 1729 ; pictures of the old Federal Hall , in 1789 ; the Walton and Provost Houses ; Trinity church , now numbered in the catalogue of things that have been ; the Merchants ’ Exchange , destroyed by the ‘ great fire ’ of ‘ 35 ; beside numerous other edifices , of interest to the antiquary ; and also views of HUDSON 'S arrival at Sandy-Hook ; the Erie Canal , Niagara Falls , the Conflagration of Schenectady , etc ., etc . ; and ‘ last , though not least , ’ a fac simile of the head and signature of the good old governor , renowned in KNICKERBOCKER 'S annals as ‘ PETER the Headstrong , ’ or ‘ HARD-KOPPING PIET . ’ ‘ Finally , brethren , ’ let every KNICKERBOCKER who feels an affectionate attachment to the home of his fathers , or veneration for the memory of their fathers , secure at once for himself a knowledge of all manner of curious things inseparable from our history , from one who has been called ‘ the HOMER of his class , and in archeology , peerless . ’ Subscription-lists are open at the office of the KNICKERBOCKER , at the store of the publishers , number 158 Pearl-street , and at the rooms of the Mercantile Library Association . LETTERS FROM NEW-YORK . By L. MARIA CHILD , Author of ‘ The Mother 's own Book , ’ ‘ The Girl 's Book , ’ etc . In one volume , pp . 276 . New-York : C. S. FRANCIS AND COMPANY . Boston : JAMES MONROE AND COMPANY . IN the dedication of this volume , the writer alludes to its being ‘ deeply tinged with romance and mysticism ; ’ but to our conception , its pages exhibit a far greater amount of truth , undeniable , and of deep import to society at large , and to our own metropolitan community especially . Here is a woman who knows ‘ how to observe ; ’ and we cannot do a better service to thousands in our city , who walk its streets and thoroughfares , and visit the hundred-and-one places of resort in its vicinity , without appreciating or enjoying the objects of interest or instruction by which they are surrounded , than to call their attention to the records of the volume under notice . And having done this , we shall proceed to illustrate the reason for the faith that is in us that they will thank us for this recommendation , by presenting a few desultory extracts . Let us commence them with a remarkable case of instinctive knowledge in birds , related by the writer 's grandfather , who saw the fact with his own eyes : ‘ HE was attracted to the door , one summer day , by a troubled twittering , indicating distress and terror . A bird , who had built her nest in a tree near the door , was flying back and forth with the utmost speed , uttering wailing cries as she went . He was at first at a loss to account for her strange movements ; but they were soon explained by the sight of a snake slowly winding up the tree . Animal magnetism was then unheard of ; and whosoever had dared to mention it , would doubtless have been hung on Witch 's Hill , without benefit of clergy . Nevertheless , marvellous and altogether unaccountable stories had been told of the snake 's power to charm birds . The popular belief was , that the serpent charmed the bird by looking steadily at it ; and that such a sympathy was thereby established , that if the snake were struck , the bird felt the blow , and writhed under it . ‘ These traditions excited my grandfather 's curiosity to watch the progress of things ; but , being a humane man , he resolved to kill the snake before he had a chance to despoil the nest . The distressed mother meanwhile continued her rapid movements and troubled cries ; and he soon discovered that she went and came continually , with something in her bill , from one particular tree — a white ash . The snake wound his way up ; but the instant his head came near the nest , his folds relaxed , and he fell to the ground , rigid and apparently lifeless . My grandfather made sure of his death by cutting off his head , and then mounted the tree to examine into the mystery . The snug little nest was filled with eggs , and covered with leaves of the white-ash ! That little bird knew , if my readers do not , that contact with the white-ash is deadly to a snake . This is no idle superstition , but a veritable fact in natural history . The Indians are aware of it , and twist garlands of white-ash leaves about their ankles , as a protection against rattlesnakes . Slaves often take the same precaution when they travel through swamps and forests , guided by the north star ; or to the cabin of some poor white man , who teaches them to read and write by the light of pine splinters , and receives his pay in ‘ massa 's ’ corn or tobacco . ‘ I have never heard any explanation of the effect produced by the white-ash ; but I know that settlers in the wilderness like to have these trees round their log-houses , being convinced that no snake will voluntarily come near them . When touched with the boughs , they are said to grow suddenly rigid , with strong convulsions ; after a while they slowly recover , but seem sickly for some time . ’ Here is a charming sketch of an actual occurrence , which goes far to confirm the writer 's impression ‘ that instinct is founded on traditions handed down among animals from generation to generation , and is therefore a matter of education : ’ ‘ TWO barn-swallows came into our wood-shed in the spring time . Their busy , earnest twitterings led me at once to suspect that they were looking out a building-spot ; but as a carpenter 's bench was under the window , and frequent hammering , sawing , and planing were going on , I had little hope that they would choose a location under our roof . To my surprise , however , they soon began to build in the crotch of a beam , over the open door-way . I was delighted , and spent more time watching them than ‘ penny-wise ’ people would have approved . It was , in fact , a beautiful little drama of domestic love . The mother-bird was so busy , and so important ; and her mate was so attentive ! Never did any newly-married couple take more satisfaction with their first nicely-arranged drawer of baby-clothes , than these did in fashioning their little woven cradle . The father-bird scarcely ever left the side of the nest . There he was , all day long , twittering in tones that were most obviously the outpourings of love . Sometimes he would bring in a straw , or a hair , to be inwoven in the precious little fabric . One day my attention was arrested by a very unusual twittering , and I saw him circling round with a large downy feather in his bill . He bent over the unfinished nest , and offered it to his mate with the most graceful and loving air imaginable ; and when she put up her mouth to take it , he poured forth such a gush of gladsome sound ! It seemed as if pride and affection had swelled his heart , till it was almost too big for his little bosom . The whole transaction was the prettiest piece of fond coquetry , on both sides , that it was ever my good luck to witness . ‘ It was evident that the father-bird had formed correct opinions on ‘ the woman question ; ’ for during the process of incubation he volunteered to perform his share of household duty . Three or four times a day would he , with coaxing twitterings , persuade his patient mate to fly abroad for food ; and the moment she left the eggs , he would take the maternal station , and give a loud alarm whenever cat or dog came about the premises . He certainly performed the office with far less ease and grace than she did ; it was something in the style of an old bachelor tending a babe ; but nevertheless it showed that his heart was kind , and his principles correct , concerning division of labor . When the young ones came forth , he pursued the same equalizing policy , and brought at least half the food for his greedy little family . But when they become old enough to fly , the veriest misanthrope would have laughed to watch their manoeuvres ! Such chirping and twittering ! Such diving down from the nest , and flying up again ! Such wheeling round in circles , talking to the young ones all the while ! Such clinging to the sides of the shed with their sharp claws , to show the timid little fledgelings that there was no need of falling ! ‘ For three days all this was carried on with increasing activity . It was obviously an infant flying-school . But all their talking and fuss were of no avail . The little downy things looked down , and then looked up , and alarmed at the infinity of space , sank back into the nest again . At length the parents grew impatient , and summoned their neighbors . As I was picking up chips one day , I found my head encircled with a swarm of swallows . They flew up to the nest , and chatted away to the young ones ; they clung to the walls , looking back to tell how the thing was done ; they dived , and wheeled , and balanced , and floated , in a manner perfectly beautiful to behold . ‘ The pupils were evidently much excited . They jumped up on the edge of the nest , and twittered , and shook their feathers , and waved their wings ; and then hopped back again , saying , ‘ It 's pretty sport , but we can n't do it ! ’ Three times the neighbors came in and repeated their graceful lessons . The third time , two of the young birds gave a sudden plunge downward , and then fluttered and hopped , till they alighted on a small upright log . And oh ! such praises as were warbled by the whole troop ! The air was filled with their joy ! Some were flying round , swift as a ray of light ; others were perched on the hoe-handle , and the teeth of the rake ; multitudes clung to the wall , after the fashion of their pretty kind ; and two were swinging , in most graceful style , on a pendant hoop . Never , while memory lasts , shall I forget that swallow-party ! I have frolicked with blessed Nature much and often ; but this , above all her gambols , spoke into my inmost heart , like the glad voices of little children . That beautiful family continued to be our playmates until the falling leaves gave token of approaching winter . For some time , the little ones came home regularly to their nest at night . I was ever on the watch to welcome them , and count that none were missing . A sculptor might have taken a lesson in his art from those little creatures , perched so gracefully on the edge of their clay-built cradle , fast asleep , with heads hidden under their folded wings . Their familiarity was wonderful . If I hung my gown on a nail , I found a little swallow perched on the sleeve . If I took a nap in the afternoon , my waking eyes were greeted by a swallow on the bed-post ; in the summer twilight they flew about the sitting-room in search of flies , and sometimes lighted on chairs and tables . I almost thought they knew how much I loved them . But at last they flew away to more genial skies , with a whole troop of relations and neighbors . It was a deep pain to me , that I should never know them from other swallows , and that they would have no recollection of me . ’ Mrs. CHILD has a remarkable power of adaptation in her style . Her similes are often exceedingly forcible and felicitous . Observe the admirable comparison which closes the ensuing passage , descriptive of the services at the Synagogue of the Jews , on the Festival of the New-Year : ‘ WHILE they were chanting an earnest prayer for the coming of the Promised One , who was to restore the scattered tribes , I turned over the leaves , and by a singular coincidence my eye rested on these words : ‘ Abraham said , See ye not the splended light now shining on Mount Moriah ? And they answered , Nothing but caverns do we see . ’ I thought of Jesus , and the whole pageant became more spectral than ever ; so strangely vague and shadowy , that I felt as if under the influence of magic . The significant sentence reminded me of a German friend , who shared his sleeping apartment with another gentleman , and both were in the habit of waking very early in the morning . One night , his companion rose much earlier than he intended ; and perceiving his mistake , placed a lighted lamp in the chimney corner , that its glare might not disturb the sleeper , leaned his back against the fire-place , and began to read . Sometime after , the German rose , left him reading , and walked forth into the morning twilight . When he returned , the sun was shining high up in the heavens ; but his companion , unconscious of the change , was still reading by lamp-light in the chimney corner . And this the Jews are now doing , as well as a very large proportion of Christians . ’ And in this allusion to the tyranny of public opinion , there is an important truth very adroitly enforced by an apposite anecdote , timely remembered : ‘ FEW men ask concerning right and wrong of their own hearts . Few listen to the oracle within , which can only be heard in the stillness . The merchant seeks his moral standard on ‘ change — a fitting name for a thing so fluctuating ; the sectary in the opinion of his small theological department ; the politician in the tumultuous echo of his party ; the worldling in the buzz of saloons . In a word , each man inquires of his public ; what wonder , then , that the answers are selfish as trading interest , blind as local prejudice , and various as human whim ? A German drawing-master once told me of a lad who wished to sketch landscapes from nature . The teacher told him that the first object was to choose some fixed point of view . The sagacious pupil chose a cow grazing beneath the trees . Of course , his fixed point soon began to move hither and thither , as she was attracted by the sweetness of the pasturage ; and the lines of his drawing fell into strange confusion . This is a correct type of those who choose public opinion for their moral fixed point of view . It moves according to the provender before it , and they who trust to it have but a whirling and distorted landscape . Coleridge defines public opinion as ‘ the average prejudices of the community . ’ Wo unto those who have no safer guide of principle and practice than this ‘ average of prejudices !' ’ Doubtless a vast number of persons as fervently desire the time when ‘ wars shall cease from under the whole heaven , ’ as our author . Like herself , thousands feel that ‘ Too long at clash of arms amid her bowers , And pools of blood , the earth has stood aghast : ’ but she will find few who will carry the prejudice which a hatred of war has created in her bosom so far as she has done . On visiting what was once the grave of ANDRE , she is shown by the guide the head-quarters of General WASHINGTON : ‘ I turned my back suddenly upon it . The last place on earth where I would wish to think of WASHINGTON is at the grave of ANDRE . ’ And she adds , that she never could look upon ANDRE 'S execution ‘ as other than a cool , deliberate murder ! ’ The stern necessity which impelled the FATHER OF HIS COUNTRY to this act , at which his great heart , throbbing with the cares of an infant empire , melted in pity , is termed ‘ a selfish jealousy , dignified with the name of patriotism ! ’ All this , however , is creditable to the woman'shYpppHeNheart of our author ; as is her wish , and the ‘ strong faith ’ of which it is the father , that the time is not distant when ‘ all prisons will cease from the face of the earth . ’ Human nature , howbeit , must undergo an important change before such an event can take place ; and a long time must elapse before WASHINGTON 'S memory can receive any injury from attacks upon it like the one above cited . We are getting , however , to the end of our tether , in the ‘ short commons ’ left for us in this department ; but after the written and ‘ illustrated ’ praise which we have awarded to the volume before us , we are compelled , in candor , to add a word or two of censure . Now and then , it must be admitted , our author is slightly vague and bizarre , as if to make good the declaration in her dedication ; and she can be , moreover , on occasion , a little mawkish ; as in the instance where , after the sentiment has been satisfied , she pumps up a feeling , and ‘ drags in by ear and horn ’ a struggling sentence touching two doves in the room that once was ANDRE 'S ; their ‘ mated human hearts , ’ and so forth . These and one or two kindred simulations , or ultra-sentimentalities , are not intellectually feminine , and must be set down as defects in the generally natural and fresh style of our gifted author , whose clever volume we are glad of an opportunity warmly to commend to public acceptance . Some readers may find in it matters to condemn , perhaps , but all will encounter much that is deserving of cordial praise . DEATH : OR MEDORUS ’ DREAM . By the Author of ‘ Ahasuerus . ’ In one volume , pp . 66 . New-York : HARPER AND BROTHERS . WE deem it a substantial tribute to the merits of the poem before us , that it has elicited the cordial commendations of two daily journals of authority in our midst ; the antipodal editors of which , ( one of them the first of American poets ,) in awarding their meed of praise , candidly confessed that the production was more likely to be judged by a political standard at the seat of government , than by any critical measure , based upon an impartial consideration of its literary qualities . For ourselves , we must say that we have perused the poem with a pleasure not a little enhanced by the reflection , that the author has been enabled to find leisure , amidst engagements which , if one may believe the partizan journals , must needs be numerous and pressing , to pay that attention to literary pursuits , which by so many politicians , and utilitarians of another class , are considered ‘ useless , if not belittling , to a man of mental calibre sufficient for any thing more manly than verse-making . ’ Indeed , this position we remember somewhere to have seen assumed and defended , in the words we have quoted . The opening of ‘ Medorus ’ Dream , ’ the fine lines on ‘ Death , ’ have already appeared in the KNICKERBOCKER , from the manuscript of the author . They will be remembered not only by the readers of this Magazine , but also by those of very many journals throughout the Union , into which they were copied , with expressions of warm admiration . In selecting , therefore , a few extracts , in corroboration of the justice of our encomiums , we shall plunge at once in medias res into the volume before us ; leaving our readers to judge whether the writer does not exhibit a hearty love and keen observation of Nature , in her various phases ; a strong sense of the beautiful and the true ; and an ease and smoothness of versification , which go far to controvert the theory that , for certain reasons , ( among which ‘ a restless ambition ’ has been cited as the chief ,) ‘ there can be little poetry in high places . ’ Take , for example , the annexed brief but comprehensive glance at the four seasons : SPRING laughing comes to bless the verdant land . Sweet breezes kiss the glowing curls that lie Upon her blooming cheek ; a lambent fire Plays from her radiant eyes ; ‘ neath her light step Daisies and cowslips grow . Upon the bud She breathes , and quick the rose unfolds Its tinted leaves , and , trembling with keen bliss , Sips the pure morning dews , and soft exhales A gentle odor through the garden 's walks , More sweet than beauty 's breath . Hark to those sounds ! The warbling notes that rise upon the gale Steal o'er the soul like voices of pure prayer , Or dream of Eden 's joys . O'er all the earth Warm sunshine streams , whose fructifying rays Strike through the fibrous soil , and quicken there A thousand lovely forms ; these straightway start From that deep sleep which heaven so kindly sends Through winter 's rugged hour , while soon they join The happy circle of all beauteous things , That fill the world with perfume and with song , Hailing their bounteous mistress , virgin Spring ! Mark SUMMER , sitting ‘ neath yon spreading palm , Her shady throne . With matron dignity She gazes round , and smiles in quiet pride While counting o'er the glorious wealth that fills Her wide domain . Now wave the growing fields Beneath the rip'ning winds and the warm sun ; Now the soft pulp of the distending fruits Imbibes rich nectar from the glowing beams Of the calm , golden day . Now Hope sits laughing In a world of light , and Promise near Weaves the bright numbers of a joyous lay , With Plenty still the burden of his theme . Next AUTUMN comes , the sweet industrious maid , Who garners up the treasures of past days , Brown nuts , and yellow grain , and ripen 'd stores Of mellow 'd fruits ; yet still a pensive smile , As soft as moonlight on some slumb'ring stream , Throws o'er her face a melancholy shade Of sober thought , as though her heart was sad That the large harvests which her sickle wins Should leave the earth so bare . And then she sings A plaintive strain that echoes through the land , Like the wild cooings of some soft-toned dove , A note of resignation and of peace , Though still a sound of sadness from the soul . Lo ! WINTER rushes from the land of storms : From the cold Arctic regions , where he sat ‘ Mong clouds and darkness , and vast misshaped forms , He comes , with frosts , and howling winds , and hail , And the dark terrors of a sunless sky . Unshorn his ragged beard , and his fierce eyes , Relentless as the murderer 's stony heart , Condemns the victim , while his icy breath , More deadly than the lightning 's fiery gleam , Sweeps life into oblivion . Spirit , no ; Man 's finite faculties alone may see Such evil in God 's goodness : we behold A crowning mercy of beneficence In Winter 's coldest blast . Could earth exist Without that change in matter and in form By which her strength recuperates , and lends An impulse unto Nature 's fostering will ? The pulpy fruit would perish where it falls But for the bitter kernel ; flowers would fade , No more mid sweet ambrosial dews to bloom , But for the winter 's torpid touch , that crusts The leathery seed with its rough coating o'er , Freezes its ardent currents ere they spring Into ephemeral being , and thus yields Unto a small and leaden speck , a power Of life perpetual , and from dull clay Maintains a breathing world . ’ ‘ A ducat to a beggarly denier ’ that we saw the same ocean , glowing under the same glorious summer-evening light , as is described in the lines which ensue . We have never compared notes with our author ; but it seems impossible that the kindred scene in which we revelled on a memorable occasion at the Telegraph station , by the Narrows , should not have extended to Fire-Island ; the locale , we cannot help inferring , of this picture : OFT hath the man who loveth Nature 's ways , Musing , gone forth alone by Ocean 's tide , And , gazing on that amaranthine plain , Hath mark 'd the rich beams of descending day Shoot slanting o'er the light and feathery waves , Until the sea , by burning passion moved , Through all its depths , turns into liquid gold , And heaves and thrills beneath those ardent rays , With love too strong for mortal minds to know , With love too deep for mortal hearts to feel . Then , from that glorious main , his soul-lit eye Hath wander 'd strait to heaven , and in one view The pearl , and flame , and amethyst , and gold , The shadowy vermeil flush , the purple light , The amber-tinted streak , and banner 'd clouds , Like incense streaming up from Evening 's shrine , Wafted by gentle gales along the sky , The beauty , brightness , majesty , and pomp , The gorgeous splendor of the imperial West , Burst on his raptured sight ! He , happy then , While Fancy 's spirit-form smiles o'er his head , Deems it the lovely sky that canopies The land of Paradise . Here is a wider reach of more varied scenery , yet not less forcible than the more ‘ thin compositions , ’ to use the painter 's phrase : FIRST , as they look 'd , there rose upon the sight Long , waving chains of happy-smiling hills , Uprising gently from the sloping vales , As if to woo the rustling noontide winds : Next , wide-expansive , music-making seas , Across whose placid , soft-suspiring tides The playful breezes fly , on tireless wings . Then , ‘ neath their wond'ring eyes at once display 'd , Behold , in one far-sweeping , lovely view , The broad green vesture of the quick'ning sod Trembling with heat , and glowing into life Under the warm sun 's vivifying beams : The Desert 's thirsty plains gemm 'd with their green And cool oases , bright mid barren sands ; Rivers whose pearly tides stretch 'd far away Through fertile lands to Ocean 's emerald brink ; And lakes that seem 'd , in their transparent depths , The crystal eyes of Earth . Here mountains , hills , And winding dales , fair seas , and shining lakes , And silvery streams , gay-blooming boughs , and flowery turf , Conspire , in all their loveliest power , to make The warm , the fresh , the pure , and beauteous form Of this enamell 'd world . ’ Lovers of flowers ; gentle maidens , scarcely less fragile and fair ; and ye of the ‘ sterner sex , ’ who are not ashamed to praise heaven and earth ; we ask you if the ensuing lines are not ‘ beautiful exceedingly : ’ The red Rose , blushing in its virgin pride , Hangs lightly on its green and briery stalk , And kisses from its pale-cheek 'd sister 's brow , With trembling lip , the pearly tear away . Here Violets , that spring by stealth at night , Of rarer scents and sweeter shapes than those Pluck 'd by the village maiden in the vale , Ere yet the sun hath touch 'd their dewy leaves , Mingle their balmiest odors and their hues With the soft-nectar 'd sighs Of wind-flowers , pansies , hyacinths , oxlips , And sun-striped tulips tall , Until the freighted airs themselves grow faint , And on their weary way sink down to sleep Among the silent wild-flowers watching there . We have purposely abstained from a detailed review or analysis of the poem under notice ; preferring that the reader should derive his impression of the performance from such portions of it , taken almost at random , as we could command space to present ; leaving him to seek in the volume itself that gratification of which we are sure our extracts will give him a foretaste . It was our intention to have animadverted upon the use of certain words and compounds which struck us as being infelicitous ; but we can only transcribe a few of them , without comment , from our pencilled copy : ‘ JEHOVAH 'S fadeless arms ; ’ ‘ frost-enmirror 'd ; ’ ‘ sun-bedazzled ; ’ ‘ ornamentless curves ; ’ ‘ rich-rubied rays , ’ etc . ‘ To conclude : ’ we consider the present poem a manifest improvement upon ‘ Ahasuerus , ’ which was noticed at length in these pages . The author is now ‘ well in harness , ’ and moves on without incumbrance . Once more we welcome him to the quiet walks of literature , which he treads so pleasantly ; and again we greet him with ‘ Macte virtute ! ’ EXERCISES OF THE ALUMN Æ OF THE ALBANY FEMALE ACADEMY , on their Second Anniversary , July 20 , 1843 . Albany : C. VAN BENTHUYSEN AND COMPANY . AH ! young ladies ! we wish you could ‘ realize ’ how greatly gratified we are to find you so much improved ! We say ‘ improved , ’ because it can scarcely be possible that you could have written such charming compositions , before you had experienced the benefits of the system of instruction pursued at the institution upon which you reflect so much honor . We say this in no vain spirit of compliment , but in all candor . The address of the President , Miss M. ROBINSON , of this city , is not only excellent in its inculcations and tendency , but is written with great perspicuity and freedom . The prize poem by Miss ELIZA WHITNEY of Philadelphia , has many of the elements of true poetry , while its trifling defects are merely mechanical . The committee who awarded the prize , one of whom we observe was Mrs. SIGOURNEY , seem to have hesitated in their choice between this and three or four other poems of kindred excellence . ‘ MARY GRAFTON ’ need not have sheltered herself under a pseudonyme . Her essay on ‘ What should be the intellectual education of Woman , to fit her for the duties of life , ’ is worthy of a strong and disciplined mind and a practised pen . The honor of the best essay in French was assigned to Miss M'CORMICK of Oswego , in this State ; yet the committee selected it in preference to three others , only ‘ because they were forced to choose ; ’ a fact which precludes the idea of ‘ rejection . ’ The capital tale entitled ‘ Home Education , ’ by Miss MARY E. FIELD , of Haddam , ( Conn .,) must certainly have deserved the honor which it won among its rivals . We have rarely seen a story , the lessons of which were so valuable , in a national point of view , kept up with so much spirit , and eliciting so much interest , in the narrative . On the whole , so favorably are we impressed with these ‘ exercises ’ of the alumn æ of the Albany Female Academy , that we begin to peer into the ‘ onward distance , ’ and to see our own little people winning honors in that popular institution . ‘ So mote it be ! ’ THE CROWNING HOUR , AND OTHER POEMS . By CHARLES JAMES CANNON , Author of ‘ The Poet 's Quest . ’ etc . With a Portrait of the Author . In one volume , pp . 132 . New-York : EDWARD DUNIGAN . THUS is entitled a neat little volume which we find on our table . Without being a ‘ great gun ’ in literature , or destined to make much noise in the world , Mr. CANNON is yet a clever versifier , and occasionally ‘ goes off ’ with good thoughts very agreeably ; while ‘ the habit of wishing to discover the good and the beautiful in all that meets and surrounds him ’ is quite apparent in his compositions . The ‘ crowning hour ’ is the period when COLUMBUS first discovers land from the quarter deck of his vessel . Certain incidents of the voyage , and the emotions of the ‘ world-seeking Genoese , ’ form the staple of the main poem ; but the prose of IRVING is far better poetry than the verse which here records them . The remainder of the volume is devoted to the republication of several minor effusions from certain periodicals of these times , and from a previous volume of the author . The ‘ Dogberryotype ’ portrait of Mr. CANNON , in the opening of his book , strikes us as being in bad taste . We are loath to interfere with such an exhibition of harmless vanity ; but the picture being what is negatively termed ‘ no beauty , ’ we must adopt the advice of HOLMES to the plain gentleman whose portrait graced the Athen æ um exhibition : ‘ Do n't let it be there any longer ! Take it home , and hush the matter up ! ’ It is but justice to add , however , that the portrait which fronts the volume under notice does not do justice to the features of its author . Engravings from Daguerreotype miniatures have never impressed us favorably , either as faithful likenesses , or specimens of pictorial art . EDITOR 'S TABLE . ‘ THE MYSTERIES OF PARIS . ’ — A ‘ friend and fellow-citizen ’ of ours has translated , so far as published , a serial novel , just now making a great noise in the literary circles of the French capital , entitled ‘ Les Mysteries de Paris , ’ by EUGENE SUE . Premising that our readers will soon have an opportunity of perusing in an English translation some of the most striking of the very remarkable sketches of this DICKENS of France , we shall content ourselves for the present with a single extract , embodying a simple , but as it strikes us , a very touching and impressive scene . The RODOLPHE of the passage below is a German prince , who has come to Paris , and who goes forth in disguise to seek out worthy objects of benevolence . He encounters in ‘ La Cit é, ’ a quarter of the town occupied by the most abandoned classes , a girl of a beautiful , melancholy countenance , called in the peculiar language of the inhabitants , ‘ La Goualeuse , ’ or ‘ Fleur-de-Marie , ’ who turns out , in the subsequent progress of the story , to be a child of his own , whom he supposed to be dead , but who had in fact been left in the streets by her nurses . He proposes to take her into the country with him ; and the effect which rural objects produce upon her mind is very beautifully described in the little episode of ‘ The Rose-bush , ’ which will be found in the opening of the story . The whole tale forcibly illustrates what a French metropolitan contemporary terms the ‘ in é puisable imagination ’ of EUGENE SUE : ‘ I BELIEVE you , and I thank you ; but answer me frankly : is it equally agreeable what part of the country we go to ? ’ ‘ Oh , it is all the same to me , Monsieur Rodolphe , as long as it is the country ; it is so pleasant ; the pure air is so good to breathe ! Do you know that for five months I have been no farther than the flower market , and if the ogresse ever allowed me to go out of the Cit é, it was because she had confidence in me ? ’ ‘ And when you came to this market , was it to buy flowers ? ’ ‘ Oh , no : I had no money ; I only came to see them ; to inhale their rich perfume . For the half hour that the ogresse allowed me to pass on the quai during market-days , I was so happy that I forgot all . ’ ‘ And when you returned to the ogresse — to those horrid streets ? ’ ‘ I came back more sorrowful than when I set out . I choked down my tears , that I might not receive a beating . I tell you what it was at the market which made me envious , oh ! very envious ; it was to see the little ‘ ouvri è res , ’ so neatly clad , going off so gaily with a fine pot of flowers in their arms ! ’ ‘ I am sure if you had only had some flowers in your window , they would have been companions for you . ’ ‘ It is very true what you say , Monsieur Rodolphe . Imagine : one day the ogresse at her f ê te , knowing my love for flowers , gave me a little rose-bush . If you could only know how happy I was ! I was no longer lonesome ! I could not keep from looking at my rose-bush . I amused myself in counting its leaves , its flowers .... But the air is so bad in La Cit é that at the end of two days it began to fade .... But you 'll laugh at me , Monsieur Rodolphe ? ’ ‘ No , no ! Go on ! go on ! ’ ‘ Well then , I asked permission from the ogresse to take my bush out for an airing ; yes , as I would have taken out a child . I brought it to the quai : I thought to myself , that being in company with other flowers , in this fine and balmy air , would do it good . I moistened its poor withered leaves with the pure water of the fountain , and then I warmed it awhile in the sun . Dear little rose-tree ! it never saw the sun in La Cit é for in our street it comes no lower than the roof . At length I returned ; and I assure you , Monsieur Rodolphe , that my rose-bush lived perhaps ten days longer than it would have done without the airings . ’ ‘ I believe it ; but when it died !— that must have been a great loss for you . ’ ‘ I wept for it ; I was very sorry .... Beside , Monsieur Rodolphe , since you understand how one can love flowers , I can tell it to you . Well , I felt grateful to it . Ah ! now this time you are laughing at me ! ’ ‘ No , no ! I love , I adore flowers ; and thus I can comprehend all the foolish things they cause one to commit , or which they inspire . ’ ‘'Eh bien ! ’ I felt grateful to this poor rose-bush , for having flowered so prettily for me — such a one as me ! ’ The goualeuse held down her head and became purple with shame . ‘ Poor child ! with this consciousness of your horrible position , you must have often ... ’ ‘ Had a wish to put an end to it ? Is it not so , Monsieur Rodolphe ? ’ said la Goualeuse , interrupting her companion . ‘ Oh ! yes ; more than once I have looked at the Seine from the parapet . But then I turned to the flowers , the sun , and I said to myself , ‘ The river will always be there .... I am only sixteen ... who knows ? ’ ‘ When you said , ‘ Who knows ? ’ you had a hope ? ’ ‘ Yes . ’ ‘ And what did you hope for ? ’ ‘ I do not know . I hoped — yes , I hoped , ‘ malgr é moi . ’ At those moments , it seemed to me that my fate was not merited ; that there was some good left in me . I said to myself , ‘ I have been very much troubled , but at least , I have never harmed any one ... if I had only had some one to counsel me , I should not be where I am . That dissipated my sorrow a little . After all , I must confess that these thoughts occurred oftener after the loss of my rose-bush , ’ added la Goualeuse , in a solemn manner , which made Rodolphe smile . ‘ This great grief always ... ’ ‘ Yes ; look here ! ’ — and la Goualeuse drew from her pocket a little packet , carefully tied with a pink favor . ‘ You have preserved it ? ’ ‘ I think so ! It is all I possess in the world . ’ ‘ How ! have you nothing you can call your own ? ’ ‘ Nothing . ’ ‘ But this coral necklace ? ’ ‘ It belongs to the ogresse . ’ ‘ How ! do you not own a rag ?— a hat , a handkerchief ? ’ ‘ No , nothing ; nothing but the dry leaves of my withered rose-bush ; it is on this account I prize it so much . ’ ‘ At each word the astonishment of Rodolphe was redoubled . He could not comprehend this frightful slavery , this horrible sale of soul and body for a wretched shelter , a few tattered clothes , and impure nourishment . ‘ They arrived at the ‘ Quai aux Fleurs . ’ A carriage was in waiting . Rodolphe assisted his companion to get in , and after placing himself at her side , said to the coachman : ‘ To Saint-Denis ; I will tell you directly which road to take . ’ ‘ The horses started ; the sun was radiant ; the sky without a cloud ; but the cold was a little sharp , and the air circulated briskly through the open windows of the carriage . ‘ AT this moment they drew near to Saint-Ouen , at the juncture of the road to Saint-Denis and the Chemin de la Revolte . ‘ Notwithstanding the monotonous appearance of the country , Fleur-de-Marie was so delighted at seeing the fields , that forgetting the thoughts which sad recollections had awakened in her mind , her charming face brightened up ; she leaned out of the window , and cried : ‘ Monsieur Rodolphe ! what delight !... Fields ! and thickets ! If you would only let me alight ! The weather is so fine ! I would like so much to run in the meadows ! ’ ‘ We will take a run , my child . Coachman , stop ! ’ ‘ How ! you also , Monsieur Rodolphe ? ’ ‘ I also ! yes , we will make it a holiday . ’ ‘ What happiness ! Monsieur Rodolphe ! ’ ‘ And Rodolphe and Fleur-de-Marie , hand in hand , ran over the new-mown field until they were out of breath . ‘ To attempt to describe the little gambols , the joyous shouts , the fresh delight of Fleur-de-Marie would be impossible . Poor gazelle ! for so long time a prisoner , she breathed the pure air with intoxication . She came , she went , she ran , she stopped , always with new transports . At the sight of several tufts of daisies , and some marigolds , spread by the first frosts of approaching winter , she could not refrain from fresh exclamations of delight . She did not leave a single flower , but gleaned the whole meadow . After having thus ran over the fields — soon tired , being unaccustomed to so much exercise — the young girl , pausing to take breath , seated herself on the trunk of a tree , which lay prostrate near a deep ditch . The fair and transparent complexion of Fleur-de-Marie , ordinarily too pale , was now shaded with the most lively color . Her large blue eyes shone sweetly ; her rosy mouth , half open , disclosed her pearl-like teeth ; and her heart throbbing under the little orange shawl , she kept one hand on her bosom as if to compress its pulsations , while with the other she extended to Rodolphe the flowers she had gathered . Nothing could be more charming than the innocent , joyous expression which shone in that lovely face . ‘ As soon as she could speak , she said to Rodolphe , with touching na ï vet é: ‘ How kind is the BON DIEU for having given us such a fine day ! ’ ‘ A tear came to the eyes of Rodolphe , as he heard this poor abandoned , despised , lost creature , without home , without bread , offering thus a cry of joy and thanks to the CREATOR , for the enjoyment of a ray of sunshine and the sight of a meadow ! ’ How do you like that , reader ? ‘ Ith n't it thweet ? ’ Excuse the levity ; but we are trying to divert away two or three persevering drops of salt-water . ‘ You shall see more anon : ‘ tis a knavish piece of work . ’ REV . JOHN NEWLAND MAFFITT : A LETTER FROM THE ‘ LITERARY EMPORIUM . ’ — A friend of tried taste in matters literary , and a good judge of style , both in matter and manner , whether out of the pulpit or in it , has sent us the following letter , written some months since to a correspondent in Gotham . The sketch which it gives of the peculiar eloquence of Rev . JOHN NEWLAND MAFFITT will be found to partake largely of the qualities of that remarkable declaimer 's pulpit efforts . We have heard Mr. MAFFITT for five minutes perhaps at a time , when he was truly eloquent ; when his action was natural , his language pure , and his illustrations striking and beautiful . But a sustained flight seemed beyond his powers . As was forcibly observed by a country auditor of his on one occasion in our hearing : ‘ He is like a cow that gives a half-pail of the richest kind o ’ milk , and then up 's with her foot and kicks it all over ! ’ But we are keeping the reader from our friend 's epistle : ‘ Boston , Sunday Night . ‘ DEAR ——: A quiet day has closed at last , with an excitement so great as to fatigue even my temperament ; and being still too feverish for sleep , I will write you , as it lulls away , the history of the matter . Fahrenheit has been rounding the hundred to-day , and this has added not a little to the proverbial quiet of an Eastern Sabbath . After the afternoon service , Boston seemed to be taking a profound sleep . The few feeble news-boys at the old State-House had disappeared ; the idlers at the New Exchange had done wondering ; and Long-Wharf was too blistering hot for any one to attempt a sail . It would n't do to venture into those cool , shady streets , that lead nowhere , without an object ; to be seen to turn and walk back would be wrong , in Boston . On reaching my room I sank into an easy-chair , and thought of the prayer for rain and cooling winds , and whether the hot south wind was made here or at the south side of Cuba . A boy 's whistle , some half a mile over the hill , at Bowdoin-Square , was the only evidence of life ; and it was not a little provoking , having nothing else to do , to be obliged to follow the little rascal , as he wound through the ‘ Cracovienne , ’ with occasional snatches from ‘ Old Hundred ’ and ‘ Dundee , ’ and worry at the intricate manner in which he combined those rather different harmonies . Perhaps the lad was executing a refined torture upon some sober old citizen , trying to sleep after his long nap just taken at church , and ‘ not quite prepared to say , ’ with his ear , ( very puzzling to him ,) that that boy was ‘ doing a theatrical ; ’ and of course it would n't do to take him up for whistling psalm-tunes . ‘ Not at all ; certainly not ; that was quite proper and praise-worthy . Let the boy whistle . ’ I varied my own performances by occasionally leaning from the coolest window , to see if any body was any where ; and deciding in the negative , in a perfectly clear and distinct manner , waited for the next voluntary from the whistling boy . A spruce young man , whom I had never seen before , and who talked of ASHBURTON as his bosom crony , had called in the morning , offering a seat at church , and an invitation to dinner with Mrs. ——, of the sunny land , on the Hill . Well , was there ever such a fool as I , in lazily declining those invitations , thinking I could do better ! That was in the morning , with the glory of a whole day before me ; but now with only that boy , and all the papers read to the last accident ! So kind in her , too . She had heard I was in town , and thought I might be happy to see her . Would n't I ? I have half a mind now , to send around and say I will be there to breakfast ! ‘ I smoked out my regret with a cigar that almost crumpled with the heat ; and at last , the tea-clatter at the Tremont roused me to the mental effort of declaring a Boston Sunday dull , decidedly dull . About dark I ventured into the street , and all Boston was astir again ; indeed , quite bustling for the sober city ; and every body so clean , so happy , so almost gay , if it were not Sunday , and so exactly at the touching-off point , that I fancied they had all been rolling in the surf on the shady side of Nahant , during the hot hours that I had been ‘ listlessly lounging life away . ’ Whew ! I could n't bear it ! I affected a little smartness , and mingled with the current , trying to be pleased with , I could n't say what ; but privately in rather a hopeless humor , till I heard one man say hurriedly , ‘ You can n't get in ; ’ and another , ‘ I 'll try ; ’ and off he went like a shot . Thinking I had got hold of something at last , I followed ; and as he had drab-breeches , kept an eye on him , squeezing along up street and down street , by lane and by alley , till we came to a great stream going one way , and directly fetched up square upon some thousand people , filling the whole street , before a church ; from which , above the hum of the crowd , came now and then the peal of an organ , and a chorus of voices in hallelujahs . Looking up upon the sea of heads , I plunged in as others plunged out , and found myself carried to the inner door of the church . The aisles were so full that half way up men were too tight together to get their hats off ; and the whole crowd , inside and out , was dotted with women and girls , their bonnets jammed up tight , so that they could only look the way they happened to face when stopping , whether desirable or not . All sorts of speeches and odd remarks were bandied about in a subdued tone ; and several fat men , dripping , were let out to get dry ; whereupon a man in a Roman nose slipped off his coat in a twinkling , and looked around with immense satisfaction . The abstraction of the fat men had left him , for the moment , just room to do it . ‘ Presently , from the far end of the church , the clear voice of MAFFITT came down upon the ear like a silver bell , and the mass was still . He began at once , like a man who knew his calling , and had mastered it . His voice was clear , full , and intelligible to the farthest ear it reached . He commenced calmly , but with nerve and strength which took the whole mass with him at the onset ; and after getting fairly under way , he cast about for argument and illustration . Here began the man 's inspiration . His thoughts , bathed in sun-light , came rushing one upon another , gem upon gem and crowd upon crowd ; each full and bold as the stars of heaven ; moving on like them , separate , but together ; falling into the ranks from all manner of places ; throwing light upon each other , like the spears of an host , and all speeding onward and upward to their destination . Pausing with his forces in mid-heaven , he calls out again and again for tribute , and they glance in , like sunbeams , from the land and the deep , from earth , and heaven , and the farthest star ; till pleased with his grouping , he sweeps the picture into a higher light , and shadows forth the Throne of the ALMIGHTY ! This , with all variety of intonation , from clarion to trumpet ; every nerve and muscle in gesticulation ; and no wandering , no pausing , but to the point , like a thunder-bolt ! My dear ——, where are you ? If any where within hearing , I beg leave to say ‘ Good night ! ’ I 'm tired , and presume you are . ’ ‘ Yours , —— ——. ’ POEMS BY PERCIVAL .— Mr . PERCIVAL has recently put forth an exceedingly beautiful volume , of some two hundred and fifty pages , entitled ‘ The Dream of a Day , and other Poems . ’ The book is composed for the most part of a series of shorter pieces , part of which have been published in a fugitive form , at different intervals since the publication of his last volume , in 1827 , while part have until now remained in manuscript . The longer piece , and one of the latest , which opens and gives the title to the volume , takes its name partly from its subject and partly from the time in which it was written . More than one hundred and fifty different forms or modifications of stanza are introduced in the course of the volume , much of which is borrowed from the verse of other languages , particularly of the German . The imitations of different classic measures , as well as the songs for national airs , are particularly explained in the introduction to each . We remark numerous gems in this collection which were written by Mr. PERCIVAL for the KNICKERBOCKER ; a fact which we cannot doubt will secure the patronage of our readers for the tasteful and most matter-full volume before us . We are not advised by whom the work is for sale in New-York , but Mr. S. BABCOCK , New-Haven , is the publisher ; and it is but just to add , that it reflects great credit upon his liberality and good taste . ‘ THE ATTACHE : ’ BY SAM SLICK .— The clock-maker has lost none of his shrewdness , his acute observation , nor his sparkling humor . To be sure , many of his so-called Yankeeisms are only specimens of cockney dialect ; yet he has more genuine wit than is to be found in all the ‘ down-east ’ letters which have been inflicted upon the public ad nauseam any time these three years . ‘ Sumtotalize ’ these tiresome epistles , as Mr. SLICK would say , and see what nine in ten of them amount to . Bad spelling , devoid of the ludicrous ellipses which characterize the orthographical errors of Mr. YELLOWPLUSH , constitutes the principal attraction of their style ; while their staple is derived from the worn-out jokes of HACKETT 'S ‘ Solomon Swop ’ or ‘ Joe Bunker . ’ But to ‘ The Attach é; ’ to portions of which , with but slight comment , we propose to introduce the reader . Mr. SLICK 'S originality is the originality of thought , less than of manner . He is no copyist ; and while he equals LACON in saying ‘ many things in a few words , ’ he never sacrifices truth to the mere external form of sententiousness . In his descriptions he is never striking at the expense of verisimilitude ; nor does he permit his observation of character to be diverted from its naturalness by over-cumulative features in his picture , which destroy so many otherwise clever limnings . Not inappropriate to this illustration , by the by , is this brief but graphic description of one of a great number of old family pictures which the ‘ Attach é ’ encounters in the baronial hall of a purse-proud JOHN BULL ‘ of family , ’ in one of the shires of England : ‘ Here now is an old aunty that a forten come from . She looks like a bale o ’ cotton , fust screwed as tight as possible , and then corded hard . Lord ! if they had only a given her a pinch of snuff when she was full dressed and trussed , and sot her a sneezin ’ , she 'd a blowed up , and the forten would have come twenty years sooner ! Yes , it 's a family pictur ; indeed , they 're all family picturs . They are all fine animals , but over-fed and under-worked . ’ Observe the wisdom of the ensuing sentence , illustrating that sort of brain-picking which some persons resort to , while themselves are mum as oysters , upon subjects on which noncommitalism is desirable : ‘ If I can see both eends of a rope , and only one man has hold of one eend , and me of the t'other , why I know what I am about ; but if I can only see my own eend , I do n't know who I am a pullin ’ agin . ’ One of the most amusing sketches in Mr. SLICK 'S volume is an account of a ‘ pious creeter , ’ a deacon , who exchanged an old worn-out and vicious horse for one which he ‘ considered worth six of it , ’ and which he thought gave him ‘ the best of the bargain , and no mistake . ’ It turns out quite the other way , however , the good deacon 's boasting to the contrary notwithstanding : ‘ THIS is as smart a little hoss , ’ says he , ‘ as ever I see . I know where I can put him off to a great advantage . I shall make a good day 's work of this . It is about as good a hoss-trade as I ever made . The French do n't know nothin ’ about hosses ; they are a simple people ; their priests keep ‘ em in ignorance on purpose , and they do n't know nothin ’ .' ‘ He cracked and bragged considerable , and as we progressed we came to Montagon Bridge . The moment pony sot foot on it , he stopped short , pricked up the latter eends of his ears , snorted , squealed , and refused to budge an inch . The elder got mad . He first coaxed and patted , and soft-sawdered him , and then whipped , and spurred , and thrashed him like anything . Pony got mad too , for hosses has tempers as well as elders ; so he turned to , and kicked right straight up on eend , like Old Scratch , and kept on without stoppin ’ till he sent the elder right slap over his head slantendicularly , on the broad of his back into the river , and he floated down through the bridge and scrambled out o t'other side . ‘ Creation ! how he looked ! He was so mad , he was ready to bile over ; and as it was , he smoked in the sun like a tea-kettle . His clothes stuck close down to him , as a cat 's fur does to her skin when she 's out in the rain ; and every step he took his boots went squish , squash , like an old woman churnin ’ butter ; and his wet trousers chafed with a noise like a wet flappin ’ sail . He was a show ; and when he got up to his hoss , and held on to his mane , and first lifted up one leg , and then the other , to let the water run out of his boots , I could n't hold in no longer , but laid back , and larfed till I thought , on my soul , I 'd fall off into the river too . ’ The elder is decidedly taken in . His new steed is as blind as a bat , and a member of the ‘ opposition party . ’ After a series of provoking annoyances , the new owner of the beast finally succeeds in getting him on board a steam-boat ; but on nearing the shore the perverse animal jumps overboard : ‘ THE captain havin ’ his boat histed , and thinkin ’ the hoss would swim ashore of himself , kept right strait on ; and the hoss swam this way , and that way , and every way but the right road , jist as the eddies took him . At last he got into the ripps off Johnston 's Pint , and they wheeled him right round and round like a whip-top . Poor pony ! he got his match at last . He struggled , and jumpt , and plunged , and fort , like a man , for dear life . Fust went up his knowin ’ little head , that had no ears ; and he tried to jump up , and rear out of it , as he used to did out of a mire-hole ashore ; but there was no bottom there ; nothin ’ for his hind foot to spring from ; so down he went agin , ever so deep ; and then he tried t'other eend , and up went his broad rump , that had no tail ; but , there was nothin ’ for the fore feet to rest on nother ; so he made a summerset , and as he went over he gave out a great , long , eendwise kick , to the full stretch of his hind legs . Poor feller ! it was the last kick he ever gave in this world ; he sent his heels straight up on eend , like a pair of kitchen tongs , and the last I see of him was a bright dazzle , as the sun shined on his iron shoes , afore the water closed over him forever . ’ Take in all the accessories of the above picture , reader , and you cannot fail to laugh as heartily at the discomfiture of the pious but ‘ cunning ’ elder , as we ourselves did on its first perusal . There is a fine touch of natural description , and not a little philosophy , in the following sketch of a dinner at an English gentleman 's country residence : ‘ FOLKS are up to the notch here when dinner is in question , that 's a fact ; fat , gouty , broken-winded , and foundered as they be . It 's rap ! rap ! rap ! for twenty minutes at the door ; and in they come , one arter the other , as fast as the sarvants can carry up their names . Cuss them sarvants ! it takes seven or eight of ‘ em to carry a man 's name up stairs , they are so awful lazy , and so shockin ’ full of porter . Well , you go in along with your name , walk up to old aunty , and make a scrape , and the same to old uncle , and then fall back . This is done as solemn as if a feller 's name was called out to take his place in a funeral ; that and the mistakes is the fun of it . * * * Company are all come , and now they have to be marshalled two and two , lock and lock , and go into the dinin ’ - room to feed . When I first came I was dreadful proud of that title , ‘ the Attach é; ’ now I am glad it 's nothin ’ but ‘ only an Attach é, ’ and I 'll tell you why . The great guns and big bugs have to take in each other 's ladies , so these old ones have to herd together . Well , the nobodies go together too , and sit together ; and I 've observed that these nobodies are the pleasantest people at table , and they have the pleasantest places , because they sit down with each other , and are jist like yourself , plaguy glad to get some one to talk to . Somebody can only visit somebody , but nobody can go any where ; and therefore nobody sees and knows twice as much as somebody does . Somebodies must be axed , if they are as stupid as a pump ; but nobodies need n't , and never are , unless they are spicy sort o ’ folks ; so you are sure of them , and they have all the fun and wit of the table at their eend , and no mistake . I would n't take a title if they would give it to me , for if I had one , I should have a fat old parblind dowager detailed on to me to take in to dinner ; and what the plague is her jewels and laces , and silks and satins , and wigs to me ? As it is , I have a chance to have a gal to take in that 's a jewel herself ; one that do n't want no settin ’ off , and carries her diamonds in her eyes , and so on . I 've told our minister not to introduce me as an Attach é no more , but as Mr. Nobody , from the state of Nothin ’ , in America . ’ Mr. SLICK 'S ideas of what is facetiously termed ‘ music ’ is quite coincident with our own . No ‘ difficult execution ’ and ‘ intricate passages ’ for him : ‘ WHAT 'S that ? It 's music . Well , that 's artificial too ; it 's scientific , they say ; it 's done by rule . Jist look at that gal to the piany : first comes a little Garman thunder . Good airth and seas , what a crash ! It seems as if she 'd bang the instrument all to a thousand pieces . I guess she 's vexed at some body and is a-peggn ’ it into the piany out of spite . Now comes the singin ’ ; see what faces she makes ; how she stretches her mouth open , like a barn-door , and turns up the white of her eyes , like a duck in a thunder-storm . She is in a musical ecstasy ; she feels good all over ; her soul is a-goin ’ out along with that ‘ ere music . Oh , it 's divine ; and she is an angel , ai n't she ? Yes , I guess she is ; and when I 'm an angel , I will fall in love with her : but as I 'm a man , at least what 's left of me , I 'd jist as soon fall in love with one that was a leetle more of a woman , and a leetle less of an angel . But hello ! what onder the sun is she about ! Why , her voice is goin ’ down her own throat , to gain strength , and here it comes out ag'in as deep-toned as a man 's ; while that dandy feller alongside of her is a-singin ’ what they call falsetter . They 've actilly changed voices ! The gal sings like a man , and that screamer like a woman ! This is science : this is taste : this is fashion : but hang me if it 's natur ’ . I 'm tired to death of it ; but one good thing is , you need n't listen without you like , for every body is talking as loud as ever . ’ We are compelled to close our extracts with the subjoined capital hit at the naked meeting-houses which ‘ obtain ’ in so many quarters of our goodly land , and the still more naked ‘ doctrines ’ that constitute the weekly attractions which many of them present to church-goers : ‘ THE meetin ’ - houses our side of the water , no matter where , but away up in the back country , how teetotally different they be from ‘ em this side ! A great big handsome wooden house , chock full of winders , painted so white as to put your eyes out , and so full of light within that inside seems all out-doors , and no tree nor bush , nor nothin ’ near it but the road fence , with a man to preach in it that is so strict and straight-laced he will do any thing of a week day , and nothin ’ of a Sunday . * * * Preacher there do n't preach morals , because that 's churchy , and he do n't like neither the church nor it 's morals ; but he preaches doctrine , which doctrine is , there 's no Christians but themselves . Well , the fences outside of the meetin ’ - house , for a quarter of a mile or so , each side of the house , and each side of the road , ai n't to be seen for hosses and wagons , and gigs hitched there ; poor devils of hosses that have ploughed , or hauled , or harrowed , or logged , or snaked , or somethin ’ or nother all the week , and rest on a Sunday by alterin ’ their gait , as a man rests on a journey by alterin ’ of his stirrup a hole higher or a hole lower . ’ This episode is concluded with some remarks upon the ‘ clerical twang ’ which distinguishes some of the divines of our country : ‘ Good men always speak through the nose . It 's what comes out of the mouth that defiles a man ; but there is no mistake in the nose ; it 's the porch of the temple ! ’ We are pleased to learn that another volume of ‘ The Attach é ’ will ere long be given to the public . We await its publication with impatient interest . GOSSIP WITH READERS AND CORRESPONDENTS .— ‘ What is the man driving at ’ who sends us the following ? Does he intend a satire upon the peculiar style of Mr. WILLIS , who ‘ skims the superfices ’ of society with more ease and grace than any magazine-writer of this era ? Or is our correspondent in love , and desirous of walking under a cloud while he reveals his passion ? Let him answer : ‘ The top of the morning to you , my dear EDITOR ; and as your sun goes up the meridian , may your shadow be longer ! I can wish you nothing more improbable ; but in wishes not to be granted , I will have the satisfaction of wishing to the outside of my desire . Coming home last evening , I called on a pretty woman , for a half-hour 's oblivion of matter-of-fact . A few weeks since she had seen WILLIS and a very charming damsel at Saratoga Springs , and had noticed them occasionally at a delightful spot in the neighborhood , which I shall not indicate ; a retreat such as a poet would choose in parting with his best thoughts , and far holier than the parting of mere lips would need ; for I take it , this good-by , this farewell to the pets of the heart ; this sense of lost identity gone to the public ; the loosing of the dove that may no where find a spot to rest amid the waters ; the spring of the falcon that will away ; I say , Mr. EDITOR , these things are sometimes very solemn and affecting . Well , upon that spot was found a crumpled paper , scrawled over with the goose-tracks of genius , and signed ‘ N. P. WILLIS , Junior . ’ The product of WILLIS by his match should be something brilliant , to be sure ; but the Junior is evidently still young in years . His opening phrase , ( more applicable in these times to a bank-note than any other mistress ,) and several other na ï ve spots , indicate the come-over-ativeness and allowable tenderness of a first passion . It is written in a kind of halting verse , that might easily be done into blank , I should say . It is crowned with stars , signifying I suppose that this world has nothing left worth looking at , and this beautiful motto , from Keats : ‘ A THING OF BEAUTY IS A JOY FOREVER . ’ BY N. P. WILLIS , JUN . ‘ DEAREST ! I thank thee , bless thee , pray the highest God to bless thee evermore , thou charm of the world to me ! And now how beautiful the world again ! The glorious sunlight , the waving trees , and faces of familiar friends , before so common-place — all now how beautiful ! for thou hast smiled on them ! A rush of joy is at my heart again , as if my pulse at each throb ran kisses from thy lips . Ah ’ could I take thy breath in one long kiss , and give thee Heaven , which were happier ?— thou with the stars above , or I with mine and thy dear heart forever ? How fast the time goes on ! The world that lagged but yesterday , and seemed about to stop for very dullness , seems an express , as though the stars were nearing us , and GOD were coming down , and we were hastening to the embrace of Heaven . How my spirits mount again ! I look into the heavens , face to face , and angels bending down , are whispering that I may yet be happy . Poor , poor fool ! Happy for another hour , perhaps another day , and then —— Why , then the sun will rise again , and all the world be glad , but I shall not know it ; and every tone that to the common world is sweetest music , and every look and smile that are unlike thee ; the song not thine ; the book not read by thee ; and every beautiful and lovely thing , that hath not caught some parted grace of thine , shall be to me a half-formed thing , lacking the tint that 's loveliest , the form that 's dearest to my heart ; a thing unfinished , as Heaven were interrupted in the making , or lost the trick , not having thee to copy ! But now , the dashing of my heart is like the seas that clap their hands in gladness . My GOD , I thank Thee for that ‘ joy forever ! ’ Those words have mingled with my spirit , quickening it to lightning ; and if I get a home above , and have a power in Heaven , I 'll build a world whose sky shall light it with those burning words ! Ah , how the time goes on ! I miss it not , for I am happy , and it brings no change . The sun has set , and night has come with countless stars , as glowing , beautiful , and bright , as each one were a separate joy of mine ; a heaven all full , as is my brimming heart . Well ; you will laugh at all this rhapsody , and chide me for a foolish boy . I only say , ‘ My HEART is talking to you , not my HEAD . ’ * * * But we must part ; and then , if angels , strayed from home , may note that scene , touched by the love of one so beautiful , it will be written down in Heaven , that two souls made to match , have gone apart forever . Farewell ! I only ask of you , that when a warm thought flutters at your heart , just fancy ( ‘ t will be true ) that I have come to nestle there , and give it welcome . And when the night comes , and you rest alone with your own beauty and the sentinel stars , oh , clasp the little rascal to your heart , and —— think of your dream in the morning ! ’ Our impression is — ‘ we may be wrong , but that is our opinion ’ — that the young gentleman who penned the foregoing rhapsody is hankering after some young woman . Ah ! well ; though his style is not over-pellucid , there is much truth in his sentences . There is a communion between the heart of Nature and the hearts of lovers ; and with gentle affections and pure thoughts , her face is always beautiful . With the same mail which brought us the ‘ Thing of Beauty ’ aforesaid , came the following , copied in the neatest of all crow-quill chirography , bearing the Saratoga post-mark , and a French-gray seal , with two loving doves . It struck us , on a first perusal , that possibly it might proceed from some young lady in love with some young gentleman ! ‘ It has that look : ’ ‘ WHAT IS LOVE ? ’ ‘ IT is to dwell within A world of the young heart 's creation , bright And brilliant as ‘ tis false and fleeting , where All seems a beauteous fairy-land ; to mark No varied season and no flight of time , Save in the weary absence of the loved one ; To live but in the atmosphere he breathes . To gaze upon his eyes as on the light That beacons us to bliss , the only sun Of our unreal world ; in the sad hours Of absence to be filled with thousand thoughts Of tenderness , that to repeat we deem Will make the hours of meeting more delicious ; Yet when that time is come , to feel they are Unutterable ; then to count the moments , And watch his coming as the early dawn Of an untried existence ; ( is not love A new existence ?) yet when he is come , To feel that deep , oppressive sense of bliss Weighing upon the heart , that we could wish To find our joy less perfect . This is love ! ’ No sneers , if you please , gentlemen bachelors of the incorrigible class ; no ‘ pshaws ! ’ ye ‘ paired but not matched ’ people , at encountering here these tender tributes of the heart ; for the lover , where is he not ? ‘ Wherever parents look round upon their children , there he has been ; wherever children are at play together , there he soon will be ; wherever there are roofs under which men dwell , wherever there is an atmosphere vibrating with human voices , there is the lover , and there is his lofty worship going on . True love continues and will continue to send up its homage amidst the meditations of every eventide , and the busy hum of noon , and ‘ the song of the morning stars . ’ . . . If the unhappy young man who has recently filled the journals of the metropolis with the details of his folly and crime could , before yielding to temptation , have looked in upon the state-prisoners at Sing-Sing , as we did the other day , surely he would have shrunk back from the vortex before him . Poor wretches , in their best estate ! How narrow their cells ; how ceaseless their toil ; what a negation of comfort their whole condition ! It was a sweltering August day , breathless and oppressive ; but there was no rest for the eight hundred unhappy convicts who plied their never-ending tasks within those walls . Stealthy glances from half-raised eyes ; pale countenances , stamped with meek submission , or gleaming with powerless hate or impotent malignity ; and ‘ hard labor ’ in the fullest sense , were the main features of the still-life scene , as we passed through the several work-shops . But what a picture was presented as their occupants came swarming into the open court-yard at sound of the bell , to proceed to their cells with their dinner ! From the thick atmosphere of the carpet and rug-shops , leaving the clack of shuttles , the dull thump of the ‘ weaver 's beam , ’ and the long , confused perspective of cords , and pullies , and patterns , and multitudinous ‘ harness , ’ they poured forth ; from murky smithys , streamed the imps of VULCAN , grim as the dark recesses from which they emerged ; from doors which open upon interminable rows of close-set benches burst forth the knights of the awl and hammer ; the rub-a-dub of the cooper 's mallet , the creak of his shaving-knife , were still ; the stone-hammer was silent ; and the court-yard was full of that striped crew ! God of compassion ! what a sight it was , to see that motley multitude take up , in gangs , their humiliating march ! Huge negroes , weltering in the heat , were interspersed among ‘ the lines ; ’ hands crimson with murder rested upon the shoulders of beings young alike in years and crime ; the victim of bestiality pressed against the heart-broken tool of the scathless villain ; and all were blended in one revolting mass of trained soldiers of guilt ; their thousand legs moving as the leg of one man : all in silence , save the peculiar sound of the sliding tread , grating not less upon the ear than the ground . One by one , they took their wooden pails of dingy and amphibious-looking ‘ grub , ’ and passed on , winding up the stairs of the different stories , and streaming along the narrow corridors to their solitary cells . It was too much for the tender heart of poor E ., this long procession of the gangs . As they passed on in slow succession , her lip began to quiver ; and one after another drops of pity rolled down her cheek . ‘ All these , ’ said she to the keeper , ‘ had a mother , who looked upon their childhood , and blessed their innocence ! Ah ! how many infant feet , softer than velvet to the touch , have been pressed to maternal lips , that now shuffle along these prison-isles ! ’ There spoke ‘ the mother ; ’ and with her ‘ gentle words of pity ’ we take our leave of the State'shYpppHeNprison and its unhappy inmates . * * * THE love of literature is a beneficial and noble propensity of soul . ‘ It cannot be doubted , ’ writes the accomplished MARY CLAVERS , ‘ that every accession of intellectual light carries with it an increase of happiness ; happiness which depends not in any great degree upon the course of public events , and not , beyond a certain limited extent , upon the smiles of fortune . Those debasing and embittering prejudices which must ever wait upon ignorance , melt away in the rays of mental illumination , and every departed prejudice leaves open a new inlet for happiness . I may be considered an enthusiast , but it is my deliberate conviction that next to religion — heart-felt , operative religion — a true love of reading is the best softener of the asperities of life , the best consoler under its inevitable ills . ’ HOOD , writing recently ‘ from his bed ’ to the Secretary of a provincial Athen æ um , of which he had been elected a ‘ patron , ’ deposes to the comfort and ‘ blessing that literature can prove in seasons of sickness and sorrow ; how generous mental food can atone for a meagre diet ; ‘ rich fare on paper , for short commons on the cloth . ’ Although ill , and condemned to lenten fare , animal food being strictly interdicted , yet the ‘ feast of reason and the flow of soul ’ were still his . ‘ Denied beef , I had Bul-wer and Cow-per ; forbidden mutton , there was Lamb ; and in lieu of pork , Bacon or Hogg . ’ Eschewing wine , he had still his Butler ; and in the absence of liquor , all the choice spirits , from TOM BROWN to TOM MOORE . Confined physically to water , he had yet not only the best of ‘ home-made ’ but the champaigne of MOLIERE , the hock of SCHILLER , and the sherry of CERVANTES : ‘ DEPRESSED bodily by the fluid that damps every thing , I got intellectually elevated with MILTON , a little merry with SWIFT , or rather jolly with RABELAIS , whose Pantagruel , by the way , is quite equal to the best gruel with rum in it . So far can literature palliate or compensate for gastronomical privations . But there are other evils , great and small , in this world , which try the stomach less than the head , and the temper , and ill winds that blow with the pertinacity of monsoon . Of these , Providence has allotted me a full share ; but still , paradoxical as it may sound , my burthen has been greatly lightened by a load of books . Many , many a dreary , weary hour have I got over ; many a mental or bodily annoyance forgotten , by help of the tragedies and comedies of our dramatists and novelists ! Many a trouble has been soothed by the still small voice of the moral philosopher ; many a dragon-like care charmed to sleep by the sweet song of the poet ! For all which I cry incessantly , not aloud , but in my heart . ‘ Thanks and honor to the glorious masters of the pen , and the great inventors of the press ! ’ ISN'T Law a very curious thing , take it altogether ? An adept in it must needs know all the precedents , all the legal discussions and litigations ; must read innumerable volumes , filled with innumerable subtleties and cohesions , and written in an unintelligible jargon ; must study rules by which a certain class of future events shall be judged , when those events can only be partially and imperfectly foreseen ; a rule which never varies , while the cases never agree ; a law which is general while the cases are individual ; a law where the penalty is uniform , while the justice or injustice of the case is continually different . Who ‘ in view of these things ’ can wonder that the worse is often made to appear the better reason ? Does not a lawyer triumph most , and acquire most fame , when he can gain a cause in the very teeth of the law he professes to support and revere ? Who is the greatest lawyer ? Not he who can most enlighten , but he who can most perplex and confound the understanding and embroil and mislead the intellect of judge and jury . We have before us a striking illustration of these remarks , in an unsettled case in the Court of Errors , on an appeal from a decree of the chancellor . A wife and mother , well stricken in years , leaves the bed and board of her husband , in consequence of long-continued ill treatment , and by ‘ her next friend ’ sues for alimony . Her husband , it appears in evidence , is an ‘ unclean beast ’ personally ; moreover , he throws his tea-cup at her at the table ; will not permit her to have a fire in the room in which she is ill , though it is in the depth of winter , but opens doors and windows to freeze her out ; orders all the beds taken down , that she may not sleep ; goes himself about the house at times in puris naturalibus ; threatens to throw his wife into the well ; when she is seated on a chair , pushes her out of it , and when she takes another , pushes her out of that also , and so forth . Now reader , it would amuse you to look over the ‘ Points on the part of the Apellant ’ in this case . By his ‘ next friend , ’ the attorney , he complains that vice-chancellors are exceeding their credentials in assuming to be ‘ Chesterfieldian censors of the lesser morals . ’ He admits indeed that the husband was ‘ uncourteous , in rudely throwing his tea-cup instead of handing it respectfully to the lady-in-waiting , ’ meaning the wife aforesaid ; that he was guilty of ‘ impoliteness , in capriciously commanding a change of chairs ; ’ that he certainly did use ‘ an inconsiderate expression concerning the well ; ’ but that in driving his wife out of her sick room , by opening all the doors and windows on a cold winter-day , he was only ‘ enforcing wholesome exercise as a substitute for prejudicial inaction ! ’ All these examples , let us add , are of the lesser abuses and grievances which the unhappy woman suffered , year after year ; yet the ‘ deeds without a name ’ are softened or defended with equal plausibility and ingenuity . The counsel for the appellant objects to the interference of the law-officers with such matters . ‘ Courts of chancery , ’ says he , with true Johnsonian grandiloquence , ‘ cannot , like ecclesiastical tribunals or inquisitions , regulate , by means of auricular confession and domiciliary visitation , connubial rights and duties ! The chancellor 's doctrine would perpetuate wordy wars and family feuds , and impart to conjugal caterwauling more than feline vitality ! ’ But hold ; we are ‘ interfering between man and wife , ’ an injudicious act , as ‘ tis said . * * * ‘ D. G .' s ‘ Height of Impudence ’ ( it is not ‘ new ’ ) reminds us of an incident which occurred in the hearing of a friend at one of our cheap metropolitan eating-houses last winter . A tall , raw boned Hibernian called for a dish of pork-and-beans . ‘ Let it be ‘ most all pork , and plenty of beans , ’ said he ; and a liberal supply was placed smoking before him . Before he had gorged his fill , he called for more bread ; it was given him , and soon disappeared , with the remainder of his dish . He then called for another slice , and was piling the butter in pyramids upon small pieces of the same , when the waiter , who had been eyeing him closely , and who thought the repast ‘ rather too much for a shilling , ’ addressed him with : ‘ Mister , that butter cost two shillings and sixpence a pound . ’ The huge feeder said nothing , but proceeded to pile about a quarter of a pound of it on a small crust of bread , placed it in his mouth , rolled it for a time ‘ as a sweet morsel under his tongue , ’ and then remarked : ‘ Well , I should say ‘ twas well wor-r-th it ! ’ His main anxiety appeared to be , to convince the waiter that his principal had not been ‘ taken in ’ by the vender . * * * WE promised that our readers should renew their acquaintance with ‘ Hugh Trevor ; ’ accordingly we condense a scene or two from that remarkable work . Going down St. James ’ - street , London , one evening , with a person who has treated him with much civility , our hero is run violently against by an accomplice of his companion , knocked down , and robbed of all his money . His ‘ civil ’ friend leaves him in the lurch , and he seeks his lodgings , there being no remedy for his loss . To divert his mind , he repairs to the theatre , and takes his stand among the crowd which surround the entrance . He observes that the people about him seem watchful of each other ; and presently the cry of ‘ Take care of your pockets ! ’ renews his fears ; and putting his hand to his fob , he misses his watch ! Looking eagerly around , he fixes his eyes upon his quondam friend , who had aided in robbing him : ‘ THE blood mantled in my face . ‘ You have stolen my watch , ’ said I . He could not immediately escape , and made no reply , but turned pale , looked at me as if entreating silence and commiseration , and put a watch into my hand . I felt a momentary compassion , and he presently made his retreat . His retiring did but increase the press of the crowd , so that it was impossible for me so much as to lift up my arm : I therefore continued , as the safest way , to hold the watch in my hand . Soon afterward the door opened , and I hurried it into my waistcoat pocket : for I was obliged to make the best use of all my limbs , that I might not be thrown down and trodden underfoot . At length , after very uncommon struggles , I made my way to the money door , paid , and entered the pit . After taking breath and gazing around me , I sat down and inquired of my neighbors how soon the play would begin ? I was told in an hour . This new delay occasioned me to put my hand in my pocket and take out my watch , which as I supposed had been returned by the thief . But , good Heavens ! what was my surprise when in lieu of my own plain watch , in a green chagrin-case , the one I was now possessed of was set round with diamonds ! And , instead of ordinary steel and brass , its appendages were a weighty gold chain and seals ! My astonishment was great beyond expression ! I opened it to examine the work , and found it was capped . I pressed upon the nut and it immediately struck the hour . It was a repeater ! ’ It will not greatly puzzle the reader , we may presume , to conjecture what this adroit movement on the part of the pick-pocket ultimately led to ; nor will he fail to recognize in the following limning a portrait of more than one character of these times . Mr. GLIBLY is entertaining Mr. TREVOR with a running commentary upon some of the prominent personages who enter the theatre : ‘ THERE , ’ said he pointing , is a Mr. MIGRATE ; a famous clerical character , and as strange an original as any this metropolis affords . He is not entitled to make a figure in the world either by his riches , rank , or understanding ; but with an effrontery peculiar to himself he will knock at any man 's door , though a perfect stranger , ask him questions , give him advice , and tell him he will call again to give him more on the first opportunity . By this means he is acquainted with every body , but knows nobody ; is always talking , yet never says any thing ; is perpetually putting some absurd interrogation , but before it is possible he should understand the answer , puts another . His desire to be informed torments himself and every man of his acquaintance , which is almost every man he meets : yet , though he lives inquiring , he will die consummately ignorant . His brain is a kind of rag shop , receiving and returning nothing but rubbish . It is as difficult to affront as to get rid of him : and though you fairly bid him begone to-day , he will knock at your door , march into your house , and if possible keep you answering his unconnected , fifty times answered queries to-morrow . He is the friend and the enemy of all theories and of all parties : and tortures you to decide for him which he ought to choose . As far as he can be said to have opinions , they are crude and contradictory in the extreme ; so that in the same breath he will defend and oppose the same system . With all this confusion of intellect , there is no man so wise but he will prescribe to him how he ought to act . He has been a great traveller , and continually abuses his own countrymen for not adopting the manners and policy of other nations . He pretends to be the universal friend of man , a philanthropist on the largest scale , yet is so selfish that he would willingly see the world perish , if he could but secure paradise to himself . This is the only consistent trait in his character . In the same sentence , he frequently joins the most fulsome flattery and some insidious question , that asks the person whom he addresses if he do not confess himself to be both knave and fool . Delicacy of sentiment is one of his pretensions , though his tongue is licentious , his language coarse , and he is occasionally seized with fits of the most vulgar abuse . He declaims against dissimulation , yet will smilingly accost the man whom —— ‘ Ha ! MIGRATE ! How do you do ? Give me leave to introduce you to Mr. TREVOR , a friend of mine , a gentleman and a scholar ; just come from Oxford . Your range of knowledge and universal intimacy with men and things , may be useful to him ; and his erudite acquisitions , and philosophical research , will be highly gratifying to an inquirer like you . An intercourse between you must be mutually pleasing and beneficial , and I am happy to bring you acquainted . ’ This , addressed to the man whom he had been satirizing so unsparingly , was inconceivable ! The unabashed facility with which he veered from calumny to compliment , and that too after he had accused the man whom he accosted of dissimulation , struck me dumb . I had perhaps seen something like it before , but nothing half so perfect in its kind . It doubly increased my stock of knowledge ; it afforded a new instance of what the world is , and a new incitement to ask how it became so ? ’ A single passage more , which will have especial interest for the correspondent to whom we are indebted for the capital sketch of ‘ Love-Making in Boarding-Houses , ’ must close our excerpts . A maiden of an uncertain age is making a ‘ dead set ’ at our hero : ‘ SHE was sure I must find myself a great favorite ; I was a favorite with every body ; and , for her part , she did not wonder at it . ‘ Not but it is a great pity , ’ added she , aside , ‘ that you are such a rake , Mr. TREVOR . ’ This repeated charge very justly alarmed my morality , and I very seriously began a refutation . But in vain . ‘ I might say what I would ; she could see very plainly I was a prodigious rake , and nothing could convince her to the contrary . Though she had heard that your greatest rakes make the best husbands . Perhaps it might be true , but she did not think she could be persuaded to make the venture . She did not know what might happen , to be sure ; though she really did not think she could . She could not conceive how it was , but some how or another she always found something agreeable about rakes . It was a great pity they should be rakes , but she verily believed the women loved them , and encouraged them in their seducing arts . For her part , she would keep her fingers out of the fire as long as she could : but , if it were her destiny to love a rake , what could she do ? Nobody could help being in love , and it would be very hard indeed to call what one cannot help , a crime . ’ WE must commend the cogent arguments in favor of national theft , contained in the article on ‘ International Copy-right ’ in preceding pages , to the attention of the reader . It strikes us as one of the most tenable positions yet taken by the opponents of an exceedingly ‘ impolitic ’ literary measure . By the by ; a new ‘ American Copy-right Club ’ has been recently established , with WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT and GULIAN C. VERPLANCK , Esquires , for its president and vice-president ; and for its secretaries and executive committee , several of the most prominent advocates of the proposed law to be found in our midst ; including , we are glad to perceive , Mr. PUFFER HOPKINS MATHEWS , who has labored more abundantly than they all in the good cause , but with little success hitherto , we regret to be obliged to add . His metropolitan lecture last winter could scarcely have realized his own expectations ; though it was not difficult to meet those of the public . A friend of ours who repaired early to the Tabernacle , with a ticket bearing a number above twelve hundred , found not three-score auditors in that capacious edifice . It is equally certain , that the following ‘ unkindest cut of all ’ at Mr. MATHEWS 'S international copy-right essays , which reaches us in the last number of the ‘ Dublin University Magazine , ’ embodies the opinion generally entertained of those efforts on this side the Atlantic : ‘ While on the subject of America , we would wish to add a line of a certain CORNELIUS MATHEWS , who writes pamphlets and delivers lectures in New-York , on the subject of an international copy-right law . Such is the complex involution of his style ; such the headlong impetuosity with which tropes , figures , and metaphors run down , jostle , and overturn each other , that we have puzzled ourselves in vain to detect his meaning or the gist of his argument . Giants , elephants , ‘ tiger-mothers , ’ and curricles ; angels , frigates , baronial castles , and fish-ponds , ‘ dance through his writings in all the mazes of metaphorical confusion ; ’ and however desirous we may feel that a law of copy-right might protect British authors from American piracy , yet as one of the craft we boldly say : ‘ Non defensoribus istis ! non tali auxilio ! ’ Let the question be put forward manfully and intelligibly ; let it not be a piece of Indian jugglery , performed by CORNELIUS MATHEWS , but the plain and simple acknowledgement that literary property is property , and as such has its rights , sacred and inviolable . ’ We have quoted this passage for the purpose of showing that our own opinion of Mr. MATHEWS 'S rambling thoughts and disjointed style finds abundant confirmation wherever his ‘ writings ’ are forced into temporary notice . * * * ‘ SERVED you right ! ’ Carelessness like your 's deserved just such a result . You 'll not be guilty of a similar act of folly very soon , ‘'tan ' t likely : ’ I AM down in the mouth , I am out at the pockets ! Ah , me ! I 've no pockets at all ; And all I have left , is a braid and a locket ; That 's all ! It was rather solemn ; quite touching , alas ! As she got on a stool to be higher , I acted , no doubt , the entire jack-ass — Yes , entire ! Arms and lips came together , and staid , as I reckon , With as much as you please of a linger , Till a finger was seen at the window to beckon , A finger ! We 'd forgotten the shutters !— the world was forgot , Till we saw that sign , from her father , Which was rather a poser , just then , was it not ? ‘ Twas , rather ! He knew I was ruined — all gone to smash ! And he was a man of that stamp , Would call you a scamp if you had n't the cash — Ay , a scamp ! His bonds and investments — not in such brains As a poet makes up into verses ; His remarks — upon never so beautiful strains , Were curses ! I called the next day , but the stool was removed , And the delicate foot , with a twirl , Walked off somewhere with the girl that I loved — The girl ! Hang her ! hang him ! hang the whole planet ! The stars !— they do hang — well , hang every body , And hang me , if I ai n't a noddy — d —— n it ! A noddy ! ‘ THE blank-verse halts for it ’ in the lines entitled ‘ Mournful Memories . ’ Beside , the tendency of the sentiment is not , we think , a useful one . Were all the dangers or ills of life to present themselves to the imagination in a body , drawn up in battle array , the prospect would indeed be dreadful ; but coming individually , they are far less formidable , and successively as they occur are conquered . Foreboded , their aspect is terrific ; but seen in retrospect , they frequently excite present satisfaction and future fortitude . ‘ It is with human life as with the phases of nature , whose regular course is calm and orderly ; tempests and troubles being but lapses from the accustomed sobriety with which Providence works out the destined end of all things . ’ * * * MUCH is said of the ‘ freedom ’ or ‘ licentiousness ’ of our public press ; but we are far behind the press of London in this regard . Look for example at the comments in some of the London journals upon the recent marriage of the Hereditary Duke of Mecklenburg , a ‘ royal pensioner , ’ with the Princess AUGUSTA of Cambridge . The produce of his dukedom is described by the ‘ Charivari ’ as consisting of ‘ nothing in particular ; its revenue purely nominal . ’ The wedding is turned into the broadest ridicule . The Duke had an audience of himself in the morning in the glass of his dressing-case ; his ‘ master of the wardrobe , who was also comptroller of the leather portmanteau and groom of the hat-box , ’ being the only person in attendance . ‘ He wore the white seam of the German order of princes , and was looking remarkably well — as all the annuitants of England contrive generally to look . ’ The ceremony was performed in the usual style of royalty . And when the prelate who performed the office came to the words ‘ With all my worldly goods I thee endow , ’ the Duke of Cambridge , who always thinks out loud , kept up a running accompaniment : ‘ Well , that 's capital ! worldly goods , indeed ! I should like to see some of ‘ em ! ’ and other pleasant observations ; all which were taken to be a gush of fervent ejaculations from the father of the bride , invoking the happiness of the newly-married couple . The happy pair set out for Kew , to which place the Duke 's Lord of the Luggage had already conveyed his carpet-bag ! The trousseau of the Princess had been laid out at Cambridge House for the inspection of the bride 's friends ; ‘ but the illustrious bridegroom , with more modesty , laid out his trousseau on the bed in his private apartment , previous to packing . ’ Various articles are enumerated ; among the rest , ‘ a splendid uniform for state occasions , consisting of the superb coat of an officer of the Blues , with Grenadier trowsers and a Lifeguards-man 's helmet ; ’ ‘ twelve false collars ; nine pairs of cotton socks ; two stocks , with long ends , ’ etc ., etc . Such an invasion of aristocratic privacy may be termed ‘ licentiousness of the press ’ with as much truth , we conceive , as any of the gossipry of the American newspapers . * * * IN looking lately over the ‘ Souvenirs Historiques ’ of NAPOLEON and MARIA LOUISA , by the Baron MENEVAL , his ‘ ancient secretary , ’ we were forcibly impressed with a passage which depicts the love of the Great Captain for his infant son . The child was brought every morning to his apartment : ‘ YES : that cabinet , which saw the origin of so many mighty plans , so many vast and generous schemes of administration , was also witness to the effusions of a father 's tenderness . How often have I seen the emperor keeping his son by him as if he were impatient to teach him the art of governing ! Whether , seated by the chimney on his favorite sofa , he was engaged in reading an important document , or whether he went to his bureau to sign a despatch , every word of which required to be weighed , his son , seated on his knees , or pressed to his breast , was never a moment away from him . Sometimes , throwing aside the thoughts which occupied his mind , he would lie down on floor beside his beloved boy , playing with him like another child , attentive to every thing that could please or amuse him . The emperor had a sort of apparatus for trying military manoeuvres : it consisted of plates of wood fashioned to represent battalions , regiments , and divisions . When he wanted to try some new combinations of troops , or some new evolution , he used to arrange these pieces on the carpet . While he was seriously occupied with the disposition of these pieces , working out some skilful manoeuvre which might ensure the success of a battle , the child , lying at his side , would often overthrow his troops , and put into confusion his order of battle , perhaps at the most critical moment . But the emperor would recommence arranging his men with the utmost good humor . ’ How different the scene with these mimic troops , from that presented by his human legions ! No long columns of smoke streamed up from their line of march , indicating burning villages and fields trampled in the dust ; no explosions of artillery ; no thundering of cavalry ; no steel clanging with steel in the desperate conflict of life for life ; no smoke , nor darkness , nor infernal din ; no groans of the dying ; no piercing shouts , revealing the last fierce efforts of human nature , wrought up to the infuriated recklessness of revenge and despair . None of these ! Not greater was the difference between that infant and his sire ! Yet it is a pleasant feature in the character of NAPOLEON , his love of children . ‘ He entered , ’ says Miss BALCOMBE , who knew him so intimately at St. Helena , ‘ into all the feelings of young people , and when with them was a mere child , and a most amusing one . I think his love of children , and the delight he felt in their society ; and that too at the most calamitous period of his life , when a cold and unattachable nature would have been abandoned to the indulgence of selfish misery ; in itself speaks volumes for his goodness of heart . ’ * * * AH ! yes ; we understand your insinuation , dear Sir , and ‘ possibly may wish that we had let you alone . ’ And yet , here is your letter before us , requesting ‘ an opinion of the merits of your piece , in the entertaining gossip of the Editor 's Table ! ’ How does that read ? Our correspondent , if his ability were equal to his inclination , would doubtless make us feel the truth of this scrap of advice from one who was a judge of human nature : ‘ Let no man despise the opinion of blockheads . In every society they form the majority , and are generally the most powerful and influential . Laugh not at their laborious disquisitions on the weather , and their wonderful discoveries of things which every one knows . If you offend a fool , you turn the whole muddy port of his composition into rancid vinegar , and not all the efforts you can make will abate its sourness . ’ One word here to correspondents generally . We have no pleasure in rejecting a communication , privately or publicly . Often have we sat , with a ‘ dubious ’ paper in hand , hesitating for an hour whether to ‘ print or burn ; ’ thinking of the fervent wishes of the writer , and the labor that he had bestowed upon his production . Every part , every period , had perhaps been considered and re-considered , with unremitting anxiety . He had revised , corrected , expunged , again produced and again erased , with endless iteration . Points and commas themselves perhaps had been settled with repeated and jealous solicitude . All this may be , and yet one 's article be indifferent , or unsuited to our pages . Give us credit for candor , gentlemen , as well as for plain-speaking * * * HERE are two clever epigrams ; the first from a contributor to whom the reader has heretofore been indebted for several caustic tersities in its kind ; the second from a friend who does not ‘ confess the cape ’ of authorship : ‘ WHY is a belle , attired for public gaze , Like to a ship ? She ‘ goes about ’ in stays . ’ We can enlighten the ignorance of our Port-Chester friend . Ladies in this meridian eschew ‘ stays , ’ as he calls them . They are pass é e , out of date , ‘ things that were . ’ ‘ Hence we view the gr-e - ä t necessity there is ’ of being au fait to the latest fashion . The ensuing purports to have been written on a ‘ Yankee Belle . ’ ‘ Guess not , ’ though ; ‘ tis n't the way of Yankee belles : ‘ SHE 'S dressed so neatly for the ball , In truth , she 's scarcely dressed at all ; A fact to Yankees quite distressing , It leaves so little room for guessing ! ’ ‘ Oh ! go ‘ long , you p'ison critter , you ! What d'you mean ? ’ * * * WE should have published the lines entitled ‘ What is our Life ? ’ but for some forty lines , the thoughts of which are ‘ conveyed ’ entire from CARLYLE . Looking down upon the wilderness of London , the thoughtful TEUFELSDR Ö CKH exclaims : ‘ There in that old city was a live ember of culinary fire put down , say only two thousand years ago ; and there , burning more or less triumphantly , with such fuel as the region yielded , it has burnt , and still burns , and thou thyself seest the very smoke thereof . Ah ! and the far more mysterious live ember of Vital Fire was then also put down there , and still miraculously burns and spreads . ’ * * * THE DRAMA is once more in the ascendant . The PARK THEATRE , our ‘ Old Drury , ’ is a personification of ‘ The Deformed Transformed . ’ Externally , it has assumed the aspect of a fine granite temple , in the Doric style of architecture , with a noble statue of SHAKSPEARE lording it over the pile ; while internally , from pit to ceiling ; boxes , walls , proscenium , stage ; every thing , in short , is new and beautiful . Mr. BARRY deserves the highest praise for the good taste , the liberality , and the untiring industry which he has brought to bear upon our favorite place of theatrical resort . The house opened with WALLACK ; WALLACK , that ‘ love of a man , ’ who can never grow old , and who has lost no whit of his power to delight his auditors . He opened in his inimitable ‘ Rolla ’ and ‘ Dashall , ’ to a house crowded from proscenium to dome with the é lite of the metropolis ; and he has since gone through his round of characters , including that most touching of modern plays , ‘ The Rent-Day , ’ with undiminished popularity . Apropos of this latter play : a good story is told of its first production in London . The celebrated FARREN declined a part in it ; remarking , that if the piece ran beyond a single night , he would eat an old hat for every time it was played . The play rose to immediate and almost unprecedented popularity . On arriving at the theatre one evening , Mr. FARREN was informed by the call-boy that Mr. WALLACK had left something on a side-table for him , covered with a large white sheet . ‘ Hum ! ’ grunted FARREN , ‘ what is it ? ’ The boy lifted the covering ; and behold , ranged in the most exact order , were thirty-six of the dirtiest , shabbiest , ‘ shocking bad hats ’ in London ! FARREN started , and turned angrily to the lad . ‘ Please , Sir , ’ said the boy , ‘ Mr. WALLACK says as how you said , when you refused the part of Crumbs in ‘ The Rent-Day , ’ that if the piece ran beyond a single night , you would eat an old hat ; so as it has now been played thirty-seven times , he thinks it right to give you something to eat , afore the meal becomes too large for your digestion ! ’ FARREN said it ‘ was all right — and left . ’ * * * WELL pleased are we to remark the opening of Messrs. COUDERT AND PORTER 's English and Classical Lyceum , at Number ninety-five Eighth-street , near Tompkins'shYpppHeNSquare . The principals have no superiors ; their assistants are of their careful selection , and have their approval . On these points , therefore , ‘ enough said . ’ The situation is delightful , and the terms consistent with the times . Let these gentlemen be patronized . Ah ! that is not the term ; but we have no good synonyme for it . We have always detested the word ; and especially since we encountered Dr. JOHNSON 's comment upon it , in a letter to Lord CHESTERFIELD , soon after finishing his immortal Dictionary : ‘ I entertain , Sir , a very strong prejudice against relying on patrons . Seven years , my Lord , have now passed since I waited in your outward rooms , or was repulsed from your door ; during which time I have been pushing on my work , through difficulties of which it is useless to complain , and have brought it at last to the verge of publication , without one act of assistance , one word of encouragement , or one smile of favor . Such treatment I did not expect , for I never had a patron before . ’ * * * OUR friend who writes us from Florence ( his excellent article is filed for our next ) is quite right in his ideas of ‘ Letters of Introduction . ’ There is much and exaggerated abuse of this courtesy , emanating from this country . His own case , we can assure him , is by no means a solitary one . We like the frank reply given by a distinguished American to a young , conceited whipster , who sought , through the claims of his father 's friendship , to obtain letters to persons of distinction abroad : ‘ I want , ’ said he , ‘ to get letters to SCOTT , to MOORE , to SOUTHEY , and to JEFFREY . Father would like to have me see them . ’ ‘ So should I , ’ replied the expected donor , ‘ but I do n't wish them to see you . If that objection could be removed , perhaps your wish might be gratified . ’ It ‘ was stated at the time ’ that our young gentleman ‘ left the presence . ’ * * * WE are struck with this remark of Count ROSTOPTCHIN , in his sententious memoirs , in preceding pages : ‘ I had an involuntary veneration for the sun , and his setting always made me sad . ’ How often , with kindred emotion , have we stood and gazed at sunset-clouds , with one who now sleeps in his early grave ! Saying little , but thinking much , and feeling more ; and as the day-god sank below the horizon , reflecting upon the period when all the living world that saw him then , should roll in unconscious dust around him . Oh ! the mystery of nature !— the mystery of life !... ‘ The Puritans vs . The Quakers ’ is at hand and on hand , and will be for some time , we cal'late . Could n't ‘ approve ’ the sentiments of our Plymouth correspondent , ‘ any way ‘ at he can fix it . ’ We segregate a joke , however , which is worth pickling . ‘ Why are the Quakers always well-to-do in the world ? ’ asks a Friend of one of the ‘ world 's people . ’ ‘ They are chargeable to no man , and yet are always thrifty . ’ ‘'Zactly ! ’ was the rejoinder ; ‘ and I 'll tell you why . The Quakers are rich , that 's sartain ; and the way of it at first was this : When our SAVIOUR was took up onto the top of an exceeding high mounting , the OLD GENTLEMAN offered him all the riches of the world , if he 'd fall down and worship him . ‘ Twould n't do : the SAVIOUR said ‘ No ; ’ but a Quaker who was standing by , took the OLD KNICK up : ‘ Friend BEELZEBUB , ’ says he , ‘ I 'll take thy offer ! ’ He did so ; and there 's been no scursity of money among your folks sence that time ! ’ * * * ‘ HONORS are easy ’ with sundry of our correspondents . We perceive that , among others , the ‘ Mail-Robber ’ was elected a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Society of Cambridge University , at the late ‘ commencement ’ of that institution . ‘ Served him right ; ’ he deserved it . We have ‘ known things of him ’ that would have brought this visitation upon him before , had we chosen to mention them . ‘ Justice , though slow , always overtakes , ’ etc . The proverb is something musty . * * * WE must be permitted to doubt whether ‘ bally-ragging , ’ as poor POWER used to term scolding , is the ‘ eftest way ’ for our New-Haven friend , to whose favor we recently alluded . ‘ Many men of many minds . ’ A spoonful of molasses will catch more flies than a quart of vinegar ; and ‘ an inch of laugh is worth an ell of moan , in any state of the market . ’ ‘ The vices of the times , the vices of society , the vices of literature , require rigid scrutiny and fearless censors . ’ Very likely ; therefore ‘ Pay away at them ! ’ say we ; but excuse us from monopolizing our pages with gloom , groutiness , and grumbling . * * * WE have omitted to notice the superb annual engraving for the subscribers of the ‘ Apollo Association , ’ recently put forth by that popular institution . The subject is VANDERLYN 's celebrated picture of ‘ CAIUS MARIUS on the ruins of Carthage . ’ The engraving is in line , by S. A. SCHOFF , a native artist , and forms one of the finest specimens of art in its kind ever produced in this country . * * * Mr. PRENTICE , the well-known Louisville Journalist , is ‘ down upon ’ a ‘ gentleman of some smartness who rejoices in the euphonious name of POE , ’ ( a correspondent of ours spells it ‘ Poh ! ’ ) for terming CARLYLE , in one of his thousand-and-one MAC-GRAWLER critiques , ‘ an ass . ’ The Kentucky poet and politician thus rejoins : ‘ We have no more doubt that Mr. EDGAR A. POE is a very good judge of an ass , than we have that he is a very poor judge of such a man as THOMAS CARLYLE . He has no sympathies with the great and wonderful operations of CARLYLE 's mind , and is therefore unable to appreciate him . A blind man can describe a rainbow as accurately as Mr. POE can CARLYLE 's mind . What Mr. POE lacks in Carlyleism he makes up in jackassism . It is very likely that Mr. CARLYLE 's disciples are as poor judges of an ass as Mr. POE is of CARLYLE . Let them not abuse each other , or strive to overcome obstacles which are utterly irremovable . That Mr. POE has all the native tendencies necessary to qualify him to be a judge of asses , he has given repeated evidences to the public . ’ ‘ Nervous , but inelegant ! ’ as Mr. ASPEN remarks in ‘ The Nervous Man . ’ * * * CAN any native citizen of ‘ The Empire State ’ peruse the forceful paper under this title , in preceding pages , without a feeling of natural and just pride ? For ourselves , born , bred , and educated upon the soil of New-York , we cannot read it without a thrill of gratification , that our ‘ lines have been cast in pleasant places , ’ and that we have so ‘ goodly an heritage . ’ * * * WE do not know when we have been more ‘ horrified ’ than on reading the following in a London journal : ‘ Two natives of the cannibal islands of Marquesas have been carried to France . The story runs , that on the voyage one of their fellow-passengers asked them which they liked best , the French or the English ? ‘ The English ! ’ answered the man , smacking his lips ; ‘ they are the fattest . ’ ‘ And a great deal more tender , ’ chimed in the woman , with a grin that exhibited two rows of pointed teeth as sharp as a crocodile 's ! ’ * * * ‘ The Exile 's Song , ’ with the note which accompanied it , came too late for insertion in the present number . It will appear in our next . * * * THE story of ‘ The Tobacco-Quid ’ is as old as the seven hills . What a silly thing it is , to give new names and a new locale to an ‘ ancient MILLER , ’ and at the same time vouch for its entire authenticity and originality ! ‘ O git e ö ut ! ’ * * * READER , did you ever see a small puppy bark at an elephant in a menagerie , whereat the dignified beast did n't even deign to flap his leather-apron ears ? Did you ever see a stump-tailed ape sporting a Roman toga ? And have you seen the ‘ Annihilation of DANIEL WEBSTER ’ by CRAZY NEAL , in a recent newspaper piece of his ? Mr. NEAL thinks the great orator and statesman a humbug ! He is a judge of the article . * * * IF the ‘ Stanzas to Mary ’ are a ‘ little after the style of WORDSWORTH , ’ we can only say that the WORDSWORTH school is not a grammar-school : —— ‘ Upon my brow Glooms gathers fast and thick , ’ is not unlike ‘ Cats eats mice , ’ or ‘ Shads is come ! ’ * * * SEVERAL communications , among them ‘ Chronicles of the Past , ’ Number Two ; ‘ Evening Hymn ; ’ ‘ The Deity , ’ etc ., will receive attention in our next . THOMSON 'S ABRIDGEMENT OF DAY 'S ALGEBRA FOR THE USE OF SCHOOLS .— DAY 's Algebra has sustained a high reputation during a period of fourteen years ; a fact sufficiently evinced by the sale of more than forty large editions . In appropriateness of arrangement , perspicuity of expression , and adaptation to the purposes of instruction , whether public or private , it stands , we believe , unrivalled . The highest praise which can be bestowed on a school-book is , that ‘ it is its own teacher . ’ By commencing with points so simple that any child of ordinary ability can comprehend them , and advancing step by step , removing every obstacle when it first presents itself , and conducting the student gradually into the more intricate parts of the science , the author makes him master of the subject while he is yet scarcely aware of its difficulties . The exactness of definition and clearness of illustration which characterize Mr. THOMSON 's ‘ Abridgement ’ together with the exclusion of the answers to the problems , ( a course indispensable to an independent scholar ,) are especially commendable . The method also of completing the square by multiplying the equation by four times the co ë fficient of the higher power of the unknown quantity , and adding to both members the square of the co ë fficient of the lower power , avoids the introduction of fractional terms , and strikes us as an improvement . The most weighty objection to DAY 's Algebra has been its paucity of examples . This defect is remedied in the ‘ Abridgement , ’ the number of examples being nearly twice as great as in the original work . LITERARY RECORD . ‘ PRAYERS FOR THE USE OF FAMILIES . ’ — Here is a volume of some three hundred pages , containing upward of seventy prayers , designed to meet all conditions of mankind , and all the wants of humanity . The author , Rev . WILLIAM JAY , of England , has aimed to be very plain and simple in his diction , since prayer admits of no brilliance , and rejects studied ornament . He has not substituted finery for elegance , nor the affectation of art for the eloquence of feeling ; but has wisely avoided a strained , inflated style , unintelligible to the ignorant , lamented by the pious , and contemned by the wise . This is as it should be . It is remarkable that in the Bible no prayer is recorded , in which the figure employed is not as familiar as the literal expression . An appendix is added , containing a number of select and original prayers for particular occasions ; short addresses , applicable to certain events and circumstances , and which the reader may insert in their proper place in the main prayer , or use at the end of it . A work like this , from a competent pen , may supply with many families an important desideratum . The volume is published by Mr. M. W. DODD , Brick Church Chapel , opposite the Park . ‘ THE WYANDOTTE , OR THE HUTTED KNOLL , ’ is the title of Mr. COOPER 's last work , recently published by Messrs. LEA AND BLANCHARD , Philadelphia , in two well-executed volumes in the pamphlet-form . It embodies legends of the sufferings of isolated families during the troubled scenes of colonial warfare , which are distinctive in many of their leading facts , if not rigidly true in the details . We gather from the prefatory remarks of the author , that in these volumes he has ‘ aimed at sketching several distinct varieties of the human race , as true to the governing impulses of their educations , habits , modes of thinking , and natures . ’ How this aim has been accomplished , we are quite unable to say . We trust however that the friend who transported the work from our table into the country , will at least repay us for the gratification of which he has deprived us , by returning it when he is through with it , that we may be ourselves enlightened , and enabled to enlighten our readers , concerning the character of the work . THOMPSON 'S HISTORY OF LONG-ISLAND .— A second edition — revised and greatly enlarged , and included in two handsome volumes — has just appeared , of Mr. B. F. THOMPSON 's history of Long-Island , from its discovery and settlement to the present time . The work embodies many interesting and important matters , connected with the first settlement of our country and its colonial and revolutionary history ; and includes notices of numerous individuals and families , and a particular account of different churches and ministers . In short , the indefatigable author has availed himself of every source of authentic and valuable information which could add to the interest or usefulness of his work ; which we should not omit to mention embraces two large and well-executed maps , and is illustrated by numerous lithographic engravings of edifices and other objects of interest on the island ; and including the author 's ‘ counterfeit presentment . ’ Messrs. GOULD , BANKS AND COMPANY are the publishers . ‘ THE KAREN APOSTLE . ’ — Messrs. GOULD , KENDALL , AND LINCOLN , Boston , have issued in a handsome little volume , ‘ The Karen Apostle , or Memoir of KO-THAH-BYU , the first Karen convert ; with Notices concerning his Nation . By Rev . FRANCIS MASON , Missionary to the Karens . ’ The first American edition is revised by Prof. H. J. RIPLEY , of Newton ( Mass .) Theological Seminary . The work is ‘ sent forth in the hope that the interest which has been felt in behalf of the Karens may be deepened , and that the cause of missions to the heathen in general may be promoted by the striking proof of the power of the gospel exhibited in its pages . ’ The work is illustrated by maps , in part from manuscript , and by one or two well-executed engravings on wood . The specimens of Karen literature appended to the volume do not afford a very exalted idea of the writings of that sect ; nevertheless , they possess a certain interest in the connection which they sustain in the volume . NEW MUSIC .— We have before us , from the extensive and popular establishment of Messrs. JAMES L. HEWITT AND COMPANY , Broadway , ‘ Woodside Waltz , ’ by Miss MARION S. MCGREGOR ; ‘ Grand Austerlitz March and Quickstep , arranged as a Duet , for the Piano-forte , ’ by GEORGE W. HEWITT ; ‘ The Alpine Horn , a Tyrollean , ’ by JOHN H. HEWITT ; and ‘ Robin Buff , a Ballad , ’ the music by Mr. HENRY RUSSELL . ‘ WHEN THOU WERT TRUE . ’ — This is a very charming Song ; the words by F. W. THOMAS , Esq ., the music by JOHN H. HEWITT , inscribed to Mrs. ROBERT TYLER , and just published by JAMES L. HEWITT AND COMPANY , Broadway . If the noble-looking portrait upon the title-page represents Mrs. TYLER , she is justly entitled to the praises with which the journals have teemed , touching the grace and beauty of her person . The following are the words : I . When thou wert true , when thou wert true , My heart did thy impression take , As do the depths where skies are blue , Of some wood-girt and quiet lake , The image of the moon that gives The calmness in whose light she lives . II . But when doubts came , my troubled breast Was like that lake when winds do blow ; Her image there , though still impressed , Beams brokenly in ebb and flow : Until the storm obscures her sight , And reigns the ebon-visaged Night . III . Again that changing moon shall shine , When storms are o'er within the lake . Which , like that wayward heart of thine , Can any other image take : Mine , graven like memorial-stone , Is now a memory alone . ‘ ALHALLA , OR THE LORD OF TALADEGA : A TALE OF THE CREEK WAR . ’ — Thus is entitled a narrative poem by HENRY ROWE COLCRAFT , better known as HENRY R. SCHOOLCRAFT , Esq ., an old correspondent of this Magazine . The story turns upon the contests of the Muscogees , their exertions , their discomfitures , and their final fall . It opens at a distant northern point , within a short period after the close of the Creek war , and occupies two days and nights in its action . Its style is a union of the dramatic with the narrative and descriptive ; a conjunction well adapted to the character of the story and the nature of its personages . There are appended to the main poem a few selected miscellanies , among which we recognize three or four clever effusions , originally given to the public in these pages . Messrs. WILEY AND PUTNAM are the publishers . ‘ THE NEW PURCHASE . ’ — Our task for these departments of the KNICKERBOCKER was completed , when we received from Messrs. APPLETON AND COMPANY , a native novel , in two volumes , entitled ‘ The New Purchase ; or Seven and a half Years in the Far West . ’ By ROBERT CARLTON , Esq . We have not found leisure to read one of its pages ; but if we may judge of its merits from the encomiums of two or three of our contemporaries of the daily press , it should prove a work of the most sterling attraction . To say that ‘ MARY CLAVERS ’ must ‘ look to her laurels , ’ there being an equally gifted laborer in a kindred field , strikes us as very high praise . We hope , but doubt , to find that precaution in any degree necessary . ‘ USURY : THE EVIL AND THE REMEDY . ’ — The pages of this department of the KNICKERBOCKER were mainly in the hands of the printers , when we received the newspaper folio entitled as above . We are left but space therefore barely to state , that this essay on usury differs entirely from the usual mode of treating that subject , in that it does not rely on the penalties for the repression of the evil , but proposes to root out its existence by a practical , beneficent mode of removing the temptations to , and occasions for , usury . It is for sale at BURGESS AND STRINGER 'S , corner of Ann-street and Broadway . ’ NEW WORKS FROM THE AMERICAN PRESS .— We have before us several excellent publications , which came too late for notice in the present number . Among them , we may mention three entertaining volumes from the press of Messrs. LEA AND BLANCHARD , Philadelphia , ‘ The Court of England , ’ from 1688 to GEORGE the THIRD ; ‘ Nature and Revelation , ’ or the Second Advent ; the beautiful ‘ Illustrated Prayer-Book ’ serials of Mr. HEWET ; and PEABODY 'S Dartmouth College Address . These publications , with others which we lack space even to mention , will be adverted to in our November number .