THE KNICKERBOCKER . VOL . LVII . JANUARY , 1861 . NO . 1 . PARIS : AND LIFE THERE . BY H. T. TUCKERMAN . IN TWO PARTS .— PART I . THERE is a subtle relation between the mere spectacle of Parisian life and French history , like that which exists between physiognomy and character . Careful observation of this sparkling tide on the surface will reveal the hidden currents that direct its play . The success of a man in France has been justly described as achieved moiti é par son savoir , moiti é par son savoir-faire . Two characteristics at once impress an American in Paris — the provision for life independent of homes , and the excessive tendency to system and detail : from the one comes a diffusive habit of feeling well adapted to pastime , but most unfavorable to efficient individuality ; and from the other , a devotion to routine which secures results brilliant in themselves but limited in their consequences . The bare fact that we of England and America , however wide and intense be the sphere of our activity , instinctively revolve about a permanent centre , hallowed and held by the triple bond of habit , love , and religion , gives a certain dignity and permanence to our interests and aims which nourish political as well as personal consistency . Imagine the case reversed : suppose , like civilized Ishmaelites , we dwelt in a kind of metropolitan encampment , requiring no domicile except a bed-room for seven hours in the twenty-four , and passing the remainder of each day and night as nomadic cosmopolites : going to a caf é to breakfast , a restaurant to dine , an estaminet to smoke , a national library to study , a cabinet de lecture to read the gazettes , a public bath for ablution , an open church to pray , a free lecture-room to be instructed , a thronged garden to promenade , a theatre to be amused , a museum for science , a royal gallery for art , a municipal ball , literary soir é e , or suburban rendezvous for society . Would not the very custom of enacting all the functions of mundane existence , apart from the idea and the retirement of home , generalize our ways of thinking , make us more children of the time , and weaken the tenacity , as well as diminish the scope , whereby the reflective man becomes the practical citizen ? And if the regime under which our education was initiated , had for its great principles , skill , knowledge , and aptitude for specialties , would not the natural fruit of such culture be a fragmentary excellence ? Herein , at least , some of the causes may be found of that extraordinary union of genius and childhood in the French nation ; the ability to declaim like philosophers about freedom , while an immense standing army — the most available resource of tyranny — is recognized as the basis of civil power ; an unrivalled taste in the ornamental , and a savage ignorance of the comfortable ; a most profound and reliable insight in diagnosis , with a pitiable incapacity for remedial applications ; a prompt adaptation to the moment , almost infantile , with a hackneyed insensibility to experience ; vivid aspirations , with little sense of what really constitutes glory ; making fine arts of cookery , talk , and dress , while a battle-field and a caricature are their most popular limning ; deifying their military heroes , and , at the same time , giving vent to their own enthusiasm in the lively figures of a new dance . The social economy of Paris is based on a combination of narrow means , with bright conceptions ; we see it in the graceful but frail upholstery , the exquisite fit of a plain muslin robe , the bewitching trim of a cheap bonnet , the variety of a two-franc dinner , the bon-mot which atones for inability to read , the absorption over a game of dominoes , the philosophic air with which a cigarette is smoked , and the artistic ruffle of a chemisette ; the prolific fun educed from an anecdote , and the slight impression made by a revolution ; the incurious notice of what is comprehensive , and the intense desire to make capital of the frivolous . To cultivate illusions is apparently the science of Parisian life ; vanity must have its pabulum and fancy her triumph , though pride is sacrificed and sense violated thereby ; hence a co ï ncidence of thrift and wit , shrewdness and sentimentality , love of excitement and patient endurance , superficial enjoyment and essential deprivation — in the mind , the life , and the development of France , wonderful to behold and perplexing to consider . The names given to bridge and temple , fount and promenade , arc and avenue , recal saints of the middle ages , kings whose reigns embody memorable eras , brave soldiers , great victories , authors and savans — all reflecting glory on the nation . The guide at the Concierge tells you : ‘ Le cachot o ù f û t det é nu Marie Antoinette a et é converti en chapelle . ’ If roaming in the Luxembourg , you think of poor Ney 's last words , on the spot where he perished , ‘ I need no priest to teach me how to die ’ — the honors paid to his memory are cited to atone for the sacrifice ; if you descant on the murder of the King in 1793 , you are told that the mass , so long discontinued , is now celebrated on the anniversary of his death . All that meets the eye and ear either protests against what in the past of France is disgraceful , or celebrates what is glorious . Whoever rules , the lamp of national fame is thus kept burning . The very caf é s and restaurants possess an historical interest . The Fr è res Provinceaux was frequented by General Bonaparte ; the Caf é Foy was the rendezvous of Italian liberals , the Zemblin that of the officers of the Empire , and the Caveau of the Garde Imperiale ; the Regence has witnessed games of chess either shared or overlooked by Voltaire , Rousseau , Franklin , Marmontel , and Saint Pierre . At the Place de la Bastille , the column erected to the memory of those who fell when Charles the Tenth was ‘ hurled from his forfeit throne , ’ links that recent event to the site of a prison tragically identified with the Reign of Terror . The gates of St. Denis and St. Martin attest the rendezvous of more than one emeute ; and from the Champs Elys é es to the arch of triumph de l'Etoile , is the scene where some of the most pregnant dramas of modern history were enacted . The routine of a banker 's life would seem antagonistic to romance and dramatic incident ; yet the celebrated financiers of France occupy the fore-ground in her civic history : Ouvrard 's interview with Napoleon at a memorable crisis ; the details of Law 's career , including the wonderful vicissitudes to which the famous Mississippi scheme gave birth ; and the charlatan adventurer 's intrigues with the Duke of Orleans and escape from the Paris mob , are like the most exciting chapters of a modern novel . Lafitte stood at the side of Louis Philippe when the new Constitution was proclaimed , and staid the waves of insurrection at the obsequies of Manuel . If , in the social phenomena elsewhere , we find hints for romance and incongruities the more piquant , here they are more patent . Hospitality is not a national characteristic , as in cities less amply provided with external resources , and the effect is to secure for social aspirants , who have the means and the tact to entertain , advantages they could never realize in other capitals . A wealthy man , with decent manners and average intelligence , ambitious of fame as a host , or the delights of gifted intercourse , puts himself in communication with diplomats , savans and men of letters , who never object to a good dinner , or women endowed with the graces which lend a charm to the soir é e , and his salon is nightly filled with people of fashion and celebrity . The dramatic star , the popular author , the famous militaire , the brilliant cantatrice will attract those who are insensible to the zest of p â t é s and champagne . ‘ Do you know that man ? ’ asks some aristocrat of the illustrious guest when they encounter the parvenu-Amphytrion . ‘ He dines me occasionally , ’ is the cool reply . Foreigners of either sex , even with a damaged reputation , find no obstacles to such partial successes . Let the frail one have preserved somewhat of her youthful vivacity and the bulk of her fortune , and she has only to hunt up a poor Marchesa or Countess of the Faubourg San Germain , and install her as a friend of the house , in a costly hotel , and coronated paste-board will soon fill her vase in the ante-chamber , and wits and beauties , official and distinguished strangers surround her fauteuil . That there is little meaning in these arrangements ; that they merely serve as a pastime , like an opera or vaudeville we pay to witness , is true ; but , on the other hand , facilities thus easily obtained by cash and policy , afford scope and yield opportunities for the display of character and the drama of social life , which more exclusive circles never know . The art tenir un salon is one peculiar to the French , and there are ladies of that nation , whose fame is as traditionally and even historically established as that of great generals , statesmen , and poets ; their rivalry equals the competition of the other sex in war and politics ; and , strange as it may appear to an American , the social prestige thus acquired and transmitted is as often based upon sin as sanctity ; an equivocal character united to attractions of manner or rare intelligence , makes the popularity of one Madame and a reputation as a devotee that of another . In a word , society in Paris is an arena so free , versatile , necessary — protected by established conventionalities , and moulded by the laws of taste — that it includes infinite possibilities , as the French memoirs and plays annually demonstrate . A social atmosphere thus concentrated in effect , and diffusive in its nature , brings into contact associations which more intense domestic life and a more formal organization keep apart . The company in an English drawing-room may vary from year to year , but its tone and character remain intact ; while in Paris saloons are designated by historical allusions and renowned for special and temporary features . If it is desired to recal a certain epoch and set of people , the whole idea is conveyed by such names as Hotel Rambouillet or the Salons du Restoration ; whereas Holland House bears an identical fame as a place consecrated by intellectual hospitality , under successive reigns . Pedantry and artificial consequence belong to the fashionable levees of Louis the Fourteenth 's time , while those of the first Napoleon represent an entirely diverse set of ideas and feelings . It is because society is directly exposed to the ‘ form and pressure ’ of the hour in Paris that it is thus Protean ; religion , politics , and the taste in art and letters instantly stamp the talk and the manners as the coin of the realm bears the image of a new potentate ; the life of the family , of the devotee , of artistic genius , of statesmanship and of arms , penetrate and interfuse in the social sphere , and an acute writer , therefore , alludes with literal truth to the period when ‘ the perfume of the boudoir mingled with the incense of the sacristy . ’ There phrases of society are bestowed upon art and politics ; the favorable commencement of a new regime has been called its honey-moon ; and a critic of Watteau 's pictures refers to him as ‘ cet maitre coquet et naif . ’ The caprice and tasteful arrangements in the minuti æ of life , noted by Yorick in his sketch of a Sunday in the French metropolis , when La Fleur brought the butter for his master 's dejeuner , on a fresh currant-leaf , and found the bouquet he presented his own chosen fair had changed hands three times in the course of the day — though not so patent now , are equally characteristic ; the valet still knows his master 's debts , and the femme de chambre her mistress 's love affairs ; there is the same familiarity in the relation of master and servant , but the chance is , there is less gossip between them , as both have more ideas and think oftener than before the days of cheap literature , steam , and telegraphs . Comedy still makes sport of husbands ; ‘ the literary mind of France takes a religious turn ’ occasionally ; and ‘ people laugh at every thing ’ as they did in the time of the young Duchess of Burgundy , whose remark to this effect was then considered so naive . The mariage de convenance is quite as prevalent , children as artificial , and old people as child-like ; the precieuses ridicules are , however , on the wane , being fused in the cosmopolitan pressure of a more general intelligence , while the femme savante has given place , in a great degree , to the female authors , who are too alive to the inspiration of the times , and their own ideas to be pedantic . To such an extent does the tyranny of custom dominate in the social history of France , that duels and gaming have their periods of triumph as well as bonnets and constitutions ; at times they have each enjoyed a fashionable prestige , so that individuals , without the least taste for either occupation , in order to be comme il faut have sought to lose a notable amount at roulette and to provoke some famous swordsman to combat . An acute observer of Parisian life , prophesies that two growing tastes are now at work destined to modify the French character , one the rage for English horses , and the other the use of cigars . Of the normal traits of the national mind , that which apparently remains most intact is the instinct of military life . The same adaptation for the camp that we recognize in Froissart 's Chronicles and Napoleon 's campaigns , is obvious at this moment . ‘ This is worth considering , ’ says Montaigne , ‘ that our nation places valor ( vaillance ) in the highest degree of virtue . ’ The same extravagant notion of an Englishman 's whims and sangfroid prevail in the French capital as used to supply farce-writers before the age of steam . Veron recently published the anecdote of un Anglais , who had been his neighbor at a restaurant for several weeks , bidding him good-by one day , as he was going on a trip round the world ; and eighteen months after , the traveller re ä ppeared at the accustomed hour and table , and found his old companion in the same seat ; meantime , the Englishman had circumnavigated the globe . We are told in Paris of every conceivable mania on the part of English collectors ; one spent a fortune in bottles of water from all the rivers in the world , one in every kind of pipe , and another in specimens of bird 's eggs . On the other hand , the French are better understood across the Channel ; it is curious , at the present era of alliance , to read one of the old travellers , who reported France to Londoners , in the heyday of British prejudice . ‘ What is there , ’ says the famous Thomas Nashe , ‘ in France to be learned more than in England , but falsehood in friendship , perfect slovenry , and to love no man for my pleasure ? I have known some that have continued there by the space of half-a-dozen years , and when they came home they have had a little , weerish , lean-face , under a broad French hat , kept a terrible coil with the dust in the street in their long cloaks of gray paper , and spoken English strangely . Naught else have they profited by their travel , but to distinguish the true Bordeaux grape and know a cup of neat Gascoigne wine from wine of Orleans ; yet peradventure to wear a velvet patch on their face and walk melancholy with their arms folded . '[ A ] [ A ] The Unfortunate Traveller : or Life of Jack Wilton . London , 1594 . We recognize the life of Paris by the analytical pictures of the French novelists and the graphic details of the memoirs . No mode of national existence had ever been so candidly revealed ; the stranger , if familiar with the authors of the country , is better acquainted with what is peculiar in the habits and tableaux around him , than an unlettered native . Parisian character and the salient qualities which distinguish metropolitan and provincial existence have been daguerreotyped and anatomized by Balzac ; each class , economy , and phase he makes the basis of a story , has been not only carefully observed but artistically and psychologically studied ; what memories of an old pension haunt the reader of P è re Goriot — a kind of prose Lear , as he gazes upon some venerable house of that description ; how intensely he realizes the consciousness of the well-endowed yet sated young Parisian , as he recals the opening chapters of La Peau de Chagrin ; every aspect and secret of Grisette life has been depicted ; the poetry of the career of a gifted French noble , whose first youth witnessed the prologue of the fatal revolutionary drama , is embalmed in tragic or tender lines in the autobiography of Chateaubriand ; Saint Beuve 's critiques have revived the associations of each epoch of French literature ; Lammenais recorded what of faith lingered in the heart of the people ; Scribe reflects the most shifting traits of manners and character ; and thus each indigenous figure , building , and custom appeals to the imaginative memory as well as to the curious eye . The salon of a literary clique suggests the extraordinary social history of Paris ; and the names of De Sta ë l , S é vign é, Recamier , and others , memorable as female arbiters and queens in conversation , occur to us in connection with each political era and great name in science , art and letters . Delaroche 's portrait of Napoleon amid the Alps and at Fontainebleau has stamped that remarkable countenance in all its intensity of expression upon the mind ; and thus it ever re ä ppears on the scene of his power . The new style of pavement attests the triumphs of barricades ; and every old lamp-post the horrors of the Reign of Terror . We cannot pass a foundling hospital without thinking of Rousseau ; the Jardin des Plants brings back the benign researches of Buffon , Michaux , Cuvier , and the host of French naturalists ; old Montaigne 's Essays are recalled by many a philosophic hint and maxim of worldly wisdom ; and each glimpse of the comedy of French life is eloquent of Moliere . As we pass either palace or prison , the fair vision of Maria Antoinette , as it lives in Burke 's description , the heroic devotion of Madame Roland , and the heart-melting voice of Charlotte Corday , appeal to remembrance ; and thus the localities of Paris lead the fancy , at every step , from the guillotine to the f ê te , from massacre to beauty , from blood to flowers ; and in early morning rambles we almost expect to see the First Consul roaming incog ., wrapt in his gray coat . Notre Dame to the admirers of Victor Hugo , seems less a Cathedral than an architectural Romance . Yet , there is no city where the past is so lost sight of in the present , and where local tradition has so slight a hold upon the sympathies . It is fortunate , therefore , that when inclined to detach ourselves from the immediate — here so absorbing — and rehearse the story of the past , with every needful aid to memory and imagination , there is an available and complete resource : we have but to quit Paris for Versailles . The Place de Carousel and the Tuileries are unimpressive in comparison with the stately decadence of that palatial chateau ; before which the mob , with ferocious glances , heaved like a raging sea up to the balcony where stood the Queen and Lafayette ; the first solemn confronting of regal and popular will , ere the deadly struggle began — whose renewal is ever at hand . Within those walls is gathered the pictorial history of France in one successive and elaborate series ; the battles , counsels , domestic life of every reign ; the lineaments of heroes , poets and kings ; the deeds , and the men and women that are identified with the country from the beginning . To live at Versailles , with a good library at hand , and pass hours of every day in these halls , would make us intimate , not only in a technical but in a picturesque way , with the annals and the celebrities of the kingdom . It would be as if French history was enacted before us and we saw the features of the leading spirits of each generation as we listened to their achievements . ‘ C'est à la Seine , ’ says a popular historiographer , ‘ que Paris doit ses premiers aggrandizement ; ’ but so completely have modern activity and embellishment overlaid the rude defences whereby barbaric hordes indicated the site of a magnificent capital , that few of the artists who linger on the bridges to note the effect of moon-light on arch and islet , or of the scholars that haunt the book-stalls on the quai , have the associations of the past awakened by these picturesque and suggestive localities ; yet they signalize the enterprise of Philip the Handsome , of Charles the Fifth , of Francis the First , Henry the Second , Henry the Fourth , Philipe Augustus , and Louis the Fourteenth . There Clovis and his Germanic tribes and his converted Clotilde , formed the nucleus of Pepin 's inheritance , and Charlemagne established his name ; thither came the Scandinavian pirates , and musing on the banks of the dingy stream now associated with science and f ê tes , with baths and suicides , with boot-blacks and laundresses , with the romance of student life , artistic , medical and literary , and charming to the eye for elegant bridges and massive quays — the historical dreamer recals a century and a half of wars between French and English kings : the Black Prince and Joan of Arc , Calvin and the Huguenots , Guise and St. Bartholomew , Cond é, Montmorency , Maria de Medicis , Anne of Austria , Richelieu , Louis the Sixteenth — the Revolution , Bonaparte , and the Bourbon ! Such a panorama , its fore-ground crowded with memorable figures , its perspective dim with the smoke of battle , its groups distinguishable by varied symbols — the oriflamme , the lilies , the cross , the tri-color — blood-stained yet radiant with female beauty and animated by martial prowess , seems to bear no relation to the living scene typical of prosperous order and the age of commerce , of luxury and of science . Yet the analyst detects in the most common-place fact of to-day the influence of a dynasty and the bequest of an era . Madame de Genlis tells us how she taught the boy Louis Philipe after Rousseau 's maxims ; and made him cosmopolitan in taste by her German system of gardening , dining after the English fashion , and taking supper en Italien ; and Veron says her pupil , when he became King , introduced the rage for fine horses and clever jockeys ; it was , according to the same authority , the fermiers generaux who initiated French cookery as a unique art in their table rivalry with the old noblesse . ‘ Scarcity of fuel , ’ says the Quarterly Review , ‘ has not been without its effect in forming the manners of the polished Parisians , and has transferred to the theatre and the caf é those attractions , which in the British islands belong essentially to the domestic hearth . ’ The use of tobacco , in the form of cigars , is another modification of the national habits ; but a few years ago it was deemed a nuisance , now it prevails among both sexes ; and keen observers declare that the French have grown more contemplative and less excitable as the puff has superseded the pinch , and the slowly-evolved cloud — emblem of ruminating quiescence — taken the place of those ‘ pungent grains of titillating dust ’ which stimulate a bon-mot rather than lure to reflection . ‘ You would hardly believe , ’ said Madame de Maintenon , ‘ how much a talent for combing hair contributed to my elevation : ’ tact in the minor economies , the ability to minister to approbativeness and epicurism , no where finds such scope as in Paris . ‘ Be more amiable , ’ said an experienced mother to her daughter , an employ é of the opera , ‘ be more tender and empresse to your admirers , if not for your child 's sake , or for your mother 's , then for your voiture ! ’ The triumph of material niceties here reaches its acme : from what an infinite variety of petty resources is French subsistence and enjoyment derived ! A journal of our day announces the death of a distinguished claquer , at his country-seat , and the event is signalized by an obituary notice , declaring him ‘ master of the art of expressing feeling according to the subject ! ’ A eulogy nowhere else applicable to any but an author , composer or artist , thus celebrates one whose vocation it was to testify approbation and blame at the theatre ! Liquorice-water , the caricature of an abbe , an omelette scientifically fried , a fancy clock ; a woman in front of Tortoni 's letting off swallows from a basket , at two sous a flight ; a bird-cage , a flower-stand , a plaster bust , a lap-dog , a fan , a little glass of Otard , a cake of scented soap , an opera-glass , a pan of charcoal , a wax candle , or a parrot , an elegant coiffure , a geranium leaf , or a bit of sugar — where on earth , but in Paris , do such things weigh so much in the scale of diurnal experience , felicity , and even fate ? How many ‘ gentle stoics ’ exhibit frugality and contentment ; how many complacent epicureans ingenuity in pleasure-seeking ; how many devotees of science isolated self-devotion , in that mart of humanity ! We are told of a famous surgeon who questioned the credited idea that a vital gun-shot wound is followed by an involuntary leap , or sudden turning of the body : called to the field , and mortally wounded , he exclaimed , ‘ It is true ; I could not help that movement , ’ and so died . In no other meridian do the frivolous and the solemn , the fantastic and the philosophic associations of life thus incongruously blend . An historian quotes a royal letter , the possession of which he accounts for by the statement that he purchased it of a rogue who stole it at the sack of the Tuileries ; a philosopher cannot study in peace without a group of tropical plants and two gazelles in sight ; the Amazonian market-women , whose savage air would frighten a novice , keep a plaster bust of the Emperor on their stalls , and throw nosegays into Eugenie 's carriage ; the identical transparency which represented the Goddess of Reason in the bloodiest days of the Revolution , was subsequently used as the festal effigy of Liberty , Josephine , Faith , Hortense , and the present Empress ; a painter 's model impiously engraves on his card : Nature de Christ ; an amateur takes down a new dance in short-hand ; a female novelist assumes male attire , in order to observe life in Paris with more facility ; the best poet of the South is a barber ; at the same shop-window the flaneur gazes on a print of Napoleon at St. Helena , contemplating , with folded arms , the declining sun — and a national guard lacing the stays of a grisette ; the municipal authorities imprison a refractory opera-singer , and , without their permission , not a bucket of water can be dipped from the Gulf of Lyons ; our dinner-companion says good-by , after coffee , and goes deliberately to blow his brains out . The fireman makes loves to the femme de chambre , while in the act of extinguishing a conflagration ; the people read their fate in placards ; Galignani 's column of foreign news is arbitrarily cut down , and the suppressed items come to light in Charivari ; a deposed king 's effects are sold at auction , and Sevres ware bearing his crest thenceforth adorn American tables ; the streets swarm with police and spies , and the child of a Dutch admiral and Hortense Beauharnais , having turned the cannon upon the populace , issues a religious bulletin after the massacre : no flower-market in the world is patronized so well as the Parisian , and no urban gardens more frequented than the Tuileries and Luxembourg , while rural life is irksome to the citizen , and only sought as a pretext for love-making , a dance , or dinner al fresco . Catch a few phrases from the leaf of a courtier 's memoirs , the mouth of a neighbor at restaurant or theater , or the bourgeois in a crowd , and an epitome of this mingled levity and talent , this comedy of life , and quickness of apprehension , without seriousness of conviction , is hinted at once . ‘ They are like me , they regret their mud , ’ said Madame de Maintenon , watching the restless carp in their pellucid vase ; ‘ il y quelqu'un qui fait encore plus d'ennemis qu'un cheval anglais — ce'st la femme de theatre , ’ was the observation of a Parisian sage ; ‘ my confessor has ordered me to be dull in company , ’ said Madame Scarron , ‘ to mortify the passion , he detects in me , of wishing to please by my understanding . ’ ‘ Un femme d'esprit ne doit rien à personne , ’ bluntly remarks an obese traveler , as he shifts his feet to avoid the provision-basket of his vis-a-vis . Opera-girls , we are told by Veron , have a passion to appear in mourning for some distant relative whom they have never seen . In 1740 , Montesquieu , in a letter to a friend , wrote : ‘ France is nothing but Paris and a few distant provinces . ’ ‘ Here , ’ says a traveller of the last century , ‘ things are estimated by their air ; a watch may be a master-piece without exactness , and a woman rule the whole town without beauty , if they have an air . Here life 's a dance , and awkwardness of step its greatest disgrace . Character , here , is dissolved into the public , and ‘ an original ’ a name of mirth . Cela se fait , et cela ne se fait pas , are here the supreme umpires of conduct . Their religion is superstition , fashion , sophism . Tyranny may grind the face , but not the countenance of a Frenchman ; his feet are made to dance in wooden shoes . The parliament resembles an old toothless mastiff . France was the country of Le Soeur and Racine , and is that of Voltaire . ’ And a more generalized and recent portrait is given by our countryman , Henry James : ‘ Your true Frenchman will sit for any number of consecutive hours glued to the benches of the Champs Elysees in order to see the monde pass by — to see it merely with his eyes , remember — never speaking to a soul , never knowing a soul in all the moving mass , yet perfectly content to see the monotonous waves roll on and repeat their tiresome glare , till darkness comes at last to snatch them from sight , and the beholder ( let us hope ) from imbecility . To frequent from childhood to manhood , and from manhood to old age , the same unchanging scenes ; to sit year in and year out on the same dusty sidewalks , in front of the same crowded and noisy caf é s , playing the same eternal dominoes , seeing pass the same throng of similar people , each as like the other in his diversity as a big pea is like a little pea , as a double clover is like a single clover , or a wilted cabbage is like a fresh one ; everlastingly sipping the same eau sucre ; everlastingly hearing and repeating the same stupid gossip of Mrs. B. to-day , which was heard and repeated of Mrs. A. yesterday ; everlastingly resorting to the same play-house to applaud the same actors ; running to the same opera to go into ecstasies over the same fiddle ; strolling along the same streets to gaze at the same or similar prints in the same windows at the end of the year which he gazed upon at the beginning ; such is your true Frenchman 's conception of variety , such is his ideal of life ; and he cannot but heartily despise a state of things like that at home , which drops all this imbecile routine out as an infinite dreariness and ennui ; a full stomach , a faithful wife or mistress , and an honored name , and he will agree to live forever in immortal joy . Life to him is not the commerce or play of an infinite inward ideal , with a responsive outward organization ; it is rather the commerce or play of a finite outward organization with what is still more finite and outward than itself , namely , the universe of sense . GOD forbid that I should undervalue a mental constitution so pronounced , and , in its way , so admirable ; I only allege it to show that the Frenchman commits suicide only when some tangible possession takes its departure from him ; only when poverty , or some other palpable calamity , comes to shake him out of his easy-going routine , and that he can n't imagine any profounder source of disgust . ’ Garvani 's illustrations of Paris life contain a domestic interior which might serve an artist , a political economist , or a dramatic author , so entirely does it suggest the ways and means of the domiciliated Parisian . Like his frugal Caledonian brother , he prefers the nook of a vast and substantial edifice to a small isolated tenement ; and is content to occupy a floor , and adjust the height thereof to the length of his purse : both space and cash are saved by the arrangement ; while a far more uniform , permanent , and effective architecture is secured . Thus each huge dwelling is a world in itself ; the ground-floor may be a shop , but ascend the steps and you find the guardian genius of the place , whom if you are a resident or an habitu é of the premises , it is well to propitiate . All the conveniences of a family are found in each of these suites , which vary in extent and costliness as you ascend ; survey the neat glass case , wherein sits the porter 's wife in her spotless cap , knitting , with an alcove containing a bed , perhaps in the back-ground , and a dainty pendulum or flower near by , and a sleepy cat purring at her side ; accept her courteous directions , mount the polished oaken staircase , note the different colored cords hanging at each door , look in upon the prosperous family who hold a salon once a week on the premiere etage , or the smaller domestic establishment above ; the economical traveller 's winter-apartment , full of knick-knacks and sunshine , au troisieme ; or mount , if you will , to the highest region of all to find the provident musician practising in his cheerful attic ; or the light-hearted and hard-working grisette , his neighbor , with her box of mignonette at her side , embroidering a kerchief , or making artificial flowers : while she muses of the next holiday , when her beau is to escort her to a dance at Montmorenci . These , and a thousand similar scenes , have been so graphically described in novels , plays , and memoirs , that such a casual inspection seems like a process of memory rather than observation , so exactly does the still-life and local arrangement correspond with vague images of apartments in the French capital to which biographers , novelists , and playwrights have conducted us . This way of living in colonies , the diversities of condition thus brought under one roof , is another of those special phases of life in Paris , which render it eminently dramatic and scenical . Yet the convenience thus secured is often modified to Anglo-Saxon appreciation , by miserable provision for a fire , scraps of rug instead of an entire carpet , and a want of comfort scarcely atoned for by sundry cheap expedients for elegance ; so that we can well believe the assertion of an American envoy , fresh from his snug country-seat , that the charms of the French capital were dispelled for him by a habit his chimney had of smoking , and his waiter of bringing him punch in a tea-pot . The requirements of warmth and ease are secondary in the estimation of the fair Parisian ; she says : ‘ Le salon sera rouge et or , la chambre á coucher en brocatelle jaune et le boudoir en satin de chine blue ; ce sera ravissant . ’ And yet there is not a city in the world where a comfortable retreat , in our sense of the word , is more requisite . Cold humidity is the normal trait of the winter climate ; catarrh is almost permanently epidemic ; many of the inhabitants can echo the declaration of one their frank fellow-citizens , who says : ‘ Depuis que je me connais , je suis enrhum é e . J'aurai en froid en venant au monde . ’ Moccasins , snuff , and eau sucre , are the usual remedies ; and their universal use confirms and suggests atmospheric causes . A MEMORY . OH ! many , many years ago , By hill-sides where the violets grow ; Loving the sun in the new spring , And where the robins came to sing ; A long , sunshiny , quiet way , To school I led our little MAY . Day after day , and hand in hand , We pattered o'er the path of sand ; I plucking violets here and there , To wreathe in sister 's sunny hair ; She singing with the birds a song That cheered me all the summer long . And many , many years ago , Under the first December snow ; With white hands folded on her breast , They laid our little MAY to rest ; One golden summer , only one , And birds , and flowers , and MAY were gone . But where the robins came to sing , Loving the sun in the new spring ; By hill-sides where the violets grow , A long , sunshiny , quiet way ; To school I led our little MAY , Oh ! many , many years ago . HESPERUS . THRICE welcome , gentle star Companion of the cheerless , evermore Like pearly bark on blue waves floating far Last from some lovely shore . The poet loveth thee , And wins from thee those thoughts so pure and high That gem the rosy heaven of poesy , As thou dost gem the sky . And woman holds thee dear ; By trysting tree — in cot , or lordly hall , She knows thou weav'st some spell , at day-light 's fall , To bring the loved one near . The faithful deem thee fair ; And when thy white rays down the dusk air fall , On each pure beam ascends a silent prayer To HIM who loveth all . Yet art thou all my own ; And , when the gray and crimson kindly blend , I watch beside the casement , quite alone , The coming of my friend . Through this small window-pane Such tender glances thou dost give to me , As beamed in eyes I ne'er shall see again ; They look from heaven , like thee . And so I sit and dream : Thine image blends with hers , my long-lost bride , Till thou no more art distant : nay , dost seem An angel at my side . And thus thou art to each : There is no coldness in thy trembling kiss ; Thou com'st with silent love , more sweet than speech , To sorrow , and to bliss . Beautiful Mystery ! My grateful spirit draweth near to ONE Who placed thee smiling in the darkling sky A visible benison . I see how perfectly Within each soul , the sacred sun may shine ; I know the great Heart of Eternity Feels each faint throb of mine . REVELATIONS OF WALL-STREET : BEING THE HISTORY OF CHARLES ELIAS PARKINSON . BY RICHARD B. KIMBALL , AUTHOR OF ST. LEGER . ‘ MISLIKE me not for my complexion . ’ — MERCHANT OF VENICE . ON Saturday afternoon , the sixteenth day of October , 1858 , something extraordinary occurred to change the dreadful routine of my life . I cannot now recall it without a sudden quickening of the pulse . Then it rendered me for a time nearly insensible . On Saturday afternoon , the sixteenth day of October , 1858 , the postman brought into my office a letter for me , received two cents , and departed . Before I state the contents of this letter , I will give the reader some account of myself . On the said sixteenth day of October , 1858 , I occupied an office — no , I had ‘ desk room in a basement-office , No . — Wall-street . I was a note-broker ; no , I was not a note-broker , but a sort of Man-Friday to several note-brokers and to several note-shavers , men well to do in the world , whose property consists in cash in hand , and who , spider-like , repose quietly in their dens , and suck the marrow out of hard-working men — industrious , laborious citizens — unfortunate devils who have not much credit at the banks , and who are , in consequence , like other unfortunates of another sex , forced upon the ‘ street . ’ At the date aforesaid , I was a jackal , tender , runner , pilot-fish , satellite , serf , toad-eater , or any other humiliating phrase you choose , reader , to employ , for the respectable class of note-brokers and note-shavers just referred to . Do not suppose I was in love with my situation . Do not suppose I was not keenly alive to the disgusting office from which I could not escape . Day by day , when wearied and worn out with incessant toil , and humiliated by varying but never-ending exhibitions of coarseness and arrogance , I would go to my home , resolving never again to expose myself to these ; the sight of two daughters grown into womanhood — two motherless daughters — and a son , also grown to man 's estate , and dying gradually of consumption , would send me back the next morning to the ‘ street , ’ meek , sorrowful , submissive . How did I come to this ? How , gradually , from the enjoyment of wealth and ‘ fashionable society , ’ and friends without number , and what are called the ‘ delights of social intercourse ; ’ from influence and consideration ; from all , in short , that is deemed desirable , and highly respectable , and absolutely the thing ; how , I say , gradually did I come to pay two dollars a week for ‘ desk-room ’ in the basement of No . — Wall-street ? ‘ T is no new story — ‘ t is the old story , scarcely with variations . I am sixty-one years old — almost sixty-two . In 1837 I was a leading importer of silk goods in this city . I lived in what was then a superb house in Broadway , a little above Bond-street . I visited Europe frequently — on business , it is true ; but my tastes were refined , and my education good ; for , although destined to a commercial life , my father , who took a wide and liberal view of what was required for an accomplished merchant , had sent me to ‘ Yale , ’ where I graduated respectably , and from whence I entered a counting-room . These European trips , therefore , were not thrown away on me . My wife , sometimes , went with me , till the care of young children prevented . The crisis of 1837 swept over the entire country like a tornado , and it carried our firm irretrievably under . I was in the very vigor of manhood , and I laughed at calamity . I only felt the stronger to resist and to conquer . Just as soon as we could discover the extent of the disaster , I set to work to clear the wreck and to prepare a statement , so that I could put a clean sheet before our creditors , offer to them all we had , and request a discharge . But our creditors were not to be found . They , in their turn , had gone down , had made assignments , had no power to give discharges ; all was blended in a general insolvency — a universal ruin ; and so our firm made an assignment , like the rest . I was not discouraged . I occupied myself , for a time , in aiding the assignee , at our old counting-room . We still had our house , as before — it was the inheritance of my wife — and I felt no shame in living in it , since I had surrendered every dollar 's worth of my own property to the assignee . Soon , I discovered that it was a hopeless task to endeavor to make any thing out of our bankrupt estate . What should I do ? I could attempt no business in my own name , and I saw no hope of relief from thraldom . A man in the prime of life , full of energy and courage and resolution , to be chained hand and foot , and kept in perpetual bondage ! About this time , my friend Russell remarked to me ( Russell had , through his wife , come into possession of a large fortune , consisting principally of unincumbered real estate in the city , and did nothing but look carefully to the collection of the rents ) — Russell , I say , remarked to me , in his cool , supercilious way : ‘ I tell you what it is , Parkinson , there is no necessity for a man 's failing — none whatever . Just look at me , now ! ’ At that moment , I was in a very bitter mood , and I am afraid I cursed Russell in my heart . I do not know , but I think I have hated him ever since ; for , in after-years , when I used to walk wearily past his house , ( I saved sixpence by not riding ,) I saw him stepping into his carriage for an evening drive , glossy and sleek and full-fed , sometimes — GOD forgive me — yes , sometimes , between my close compressed teeth have escaped , as if spontaneously and not to be repressed , the words , ‘ damn him ! ’ I mention this , because I do not believe , with some , that poverty tends to improve and subdue the evil in our hearts ; if it does , why , looking thus at Russell , in his fine , open landau , did the gall so rise and overflow ? Well , two or three years ran away . We had preserved an outward semblance of our old life . Friends had not absolutely dropped off . I had no rent to pay , and my wife knew how to economize . But , every now and then , visions of the wolf began to haunt me . It was only the head which appeared , thrust through the door into the parlor , exhibiting the slightest possible curl in the long , sharp mouth , disclosing two pointed ivory fangs — disclosing , but for an instant , two pointed ivory fangs , and then quickly concealed , and the head as quickly withdrawn . My GOD ! reader , do you know by experience any thing of the sensations produced by such an apparition ? Do you know what it is to have a wife , who clings to you , quite safe in her protector , and young children , who look to ‘ papa ’ as to OMNIPOTENCE ?... At last the year of Jubilee was announced . A general Bankrupt Law ! Men 's faces brightened with hope again . Hurried congratulations passed from lip to lip . Hands were grasped with an almost unnatural fervor . Jubilee ! release from bondage ! joy — joy over the whole land ! Yet Russell , who , with all his care — with all his close , sharp , persisting management — had , now and then , been victimized , as he called it , by an unfortunate debtor , who , his security having failed , was found wanting on the last quarter-day — Russell , who had sometimes foreclosed a mortgage , and , taking advantage of the depressed state of things , had bid in the property for one-half its value , and thus obtained a decree over against the once happy possessor of a comfortable home — Russell was , as a matter of principle — oh ! yes , wholly as a matter of principle — opposed to the general bankrupt law ! opposed to any relief for the thousands and tens of thousands who , indebted beyond the faintest hope of retrieve , were suffering the torture of despair . But Russell 's objection to the law — on principle , mind you — fortunately had but slight effect on the happy applicants for its favor . I was among the first to take advantage of the Act . I met with no opposition , and , in a short time I was free . This was early in the year 1842 . I now cast about to decide what I should do . I concluded not to embark in the old business . I thought it would be easier to renew confidence , and make a credit , in some other line of mercantile affairs . This was perhaps an error , because I had been thoroughly educated to that particular branch , and I should have much to learn in commencing on another . Looking back , I think that pride lay at the bottom of this ; pride , because I could not at once start on my old footing ; pride , that many younger men , who had commenced since I had stopped , were already so much in advance of any thing I could undertake . I did not understand this , then ; but now I know myself better . At the same time , let it be understood that , in New-York , five years comprise almost a business generation . I had been laid one side , and shelved for just five years ; and now , when I was preparing to start again , I had to compete with a new race of merchants , younger , keener , fresher than the race who had gone under . This did not alarm me . I had confidence in myself , and I preferred to encounter those who exhibited intelligence and activity in affairs , rather than the incompetent and stupid . After considerable reflection , I resolved to commence a wholesale grocery business , which should include , from time to time , legitimate operations , sometimes in cotton , sometimes in produce . I started with a cash capital of twenty-five thousand dollars . Fifteen thousand of this my wife insisted on raising by a mortgage upon the house we lived in . Five thousand more was contributed by my mother : it was about the portion to which I would be entitled on her death , and she urged me strongly to receive it then . She was old , she said , and had no longer the wants nor the wishes of younger folks . I took the fifteen thousand from my wife , and the five thousand from my mother , with some misgivings . It was my only chance , though ; what weakness to refuse it ! A friend — a tried , thoroughly tried friend — a college mate , who was possessed of large means , lent me other five thousand , without security , and with a declaration that , in event of misfortune , he would not permit me to treat it as ‘ confidential . ’ Behold me , then , with twenty-five thousand dollars in cash , with a junior partner , who put in three thousand dollars , and who was brought up to the business , and favorably introduced to me by the old and experienced firm of Powell , Weatherby , Keep and Company — behold me , on the first day of January , 1843 , in a fine , spacious store in Front-street , my flag once more to the wind : Charles E. Parkinson and Company . There was great joy on that first day of January , 1843 , at our house in Broadway , a little above Bond-street ; an open house it was , and many were the New-Year 's visits my wife received , and many the visits I made . All the gloom , and hope deferred , of the past six years , were forgotten . The three little folks — my two little girls , and my one little boy — partook , without knowing why , in the general hilarity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I found , on setting seriously to work at my new business , that I had every thing to learn . My partner proved to be an active and intelligent young man . He knew the routine of the trade well , and , although he sometimes assumed more than was becoming a comparative youth , I cannot say he took advantage of his position ; nor am I aware that he ever violated the rules of our copartnership . He made two or three pretty large bad debts , the first six months we were together , which had the good effect to lower his self-confidence , and to lead him to me more frequently for advice . With the best possible management , the thirty-first of December , 1843 , found me , after deducting family expenses and interest-money , with a small inroad made on the capital . It found me , however , in good health , with strong courage , and a competent knowledge of my business , no longer dependent on my junior for advice or suggestions . There was one drawback quite unexpected . On commencing business , I felt myself fairly entitled to a first-rate commercial credit . Frequently , through the year , I discovered there was some mysterious influence working against me . I would be on the point of closing some advantageous operation , which required the giving of our acceptances for considerable amounts , when the parties would return , after a little , and regret that they could not enter into the arrangement — that they found they could not employ our paper as they anticipated , and so forth . Now , I had reason to know that we stood well at both the banks where we did business , and further , that the officers of both these institutions did not hesitate to speak favorably of our firm , when applied to . What could it mean ? Was there a snake in the grass — a secret foe — a disappointed creditor , perhaps , of 1837 ? After mentioning these facts to an old friend , and after his puzzling a good deal over it , he suddenly exclaimed : ‘ Parkinson , how do you stand at the Mercantile Agency ? ’ ‘ At what ? ’ said I , not exactly understanding him . ‘ At the Mercantile Agency , ’ he repeated ; ‘ what I call our ‘ Commercial Intelligence Office . ’ I do n't know what we should do without it , though sometimes they do get a little astray there , but they are always ready to correct mistakes . ’ My friend 's suggestion struck me as a very probable one , and I wondered it had not occurred to me . I requested him , therefore , to obtain a report of the standing of our firm at the agency aforesaid . He procured it the next day . It read as follows : ‘ CHARLES E. PARKINSON AND COMPANY , ( Charles E. Parkinson and Edwin E . Rollins .) Wholesale grocers , respectable house , in fair credit . Established 1st January , 1843 . Parkinson was importer of silk goods prior to 1837 , and failed . Took the benefit of the Bankrupt Law . Unacquainted with present business ; put in twenty-five thousand dollars . Nearly all borrowed , ($ 15 , 000 from his wife 's estate ,) and which will probably be treated as confidential , should he fail . Keeps house , and lives expensively . Rollins , unmarried man , about twenty-five , brought up to the business in the concern of Powell , Weatherby , Keep and Company . Puts in three thousand dollars . In trade for first time on his own account . Firm doing large business . Mem . ( July , 1843 :) said to have made some heavy losses . Mem . ( August , 1843 :) Rollins drives a good deal on the road . Supposed to own a very handsome turn-out . ’ I read this ex-parte judgment with mingled surprise and indignation . Scanning it with more scrutiny , a second and third time , I was forced into a train of philosophical reflections . After all , the Mercantile Agency had stated but the truth , that is , mainly . It was the inferences drawn from the facts , which were so damaging . Yet the inferences were natural . One could not accuse the ‘ Mercantile Agency ’ of any malicious intent . Yes , the inferences were natural , but mind you , reader , they were FALSE . And I had been suffering for a twelve-month from what was really a cruel and a slanderous statement . The fifteen thousand dollars , raised by mortgage on my wife 's house , was absolutely given to me for capital . No evidence of indebtedness was taken , no recognition of it on our books , otherwise than as cash belonging to and put in by me . The debt of five thousand dollars to my friend was , as I have before stated , actually placed , by a positive understanding , as an ordinary indebtedness . The statement that I had made some bad debts was true , but it did not add , what was more essential , that the senior partner , myself , was a strictly business man , and had gone through his first year in a new line , with little loss , supporting his family meanwhile , and gaining a thorough insight into affairs . Again , poor Rollins came in for a sharp hit , in the way of driving a fast team . Now , Rollins was really economical . He lived with , and supported his mother and some younger brothers , and his habits were unexceptionable . It so happened that a wealthy cousin of Rollins , who did drive a pair of good horses , went out of town for nearly all the month of August , and told R. he might exercise his team while he was gone , if he liked . Rollins had informed me of this , and I believe he enjoyed his drives for about three weeks , and resigned his ‘ turn-out , ’ without regret , on his cousin 's return . Here , again , the Mercantile Agency had stated a fact , and , with it , a false inference . However , now that I saw where the difficulty existed , it was easy to remedy it . I called at the office of the ‘ Agency , ’ with two influential business friends — ‘ undoubted ’ names — and went into an entire explanation . It was satisfactory . The statement as to my capital , ‘ Nearly all borrowed , ’ was erased , or rather , a new statement was prepared and entered on the books , quite clear and to the purpose . Poor Rollin 's inexpensive drives were no longer marked against him . In short , our firm stood ‘ right ’ on the books , and we were thus well advertised . We had no longer any difficulty about our ‘ paper ; ’ indeed , we now enjoyed all the facilities to which a good credit entitled us . And here permit me to digress a little , in order to say a word about ‘ mercantile agencies ’ generally . The system has been greatly elaborated since 1844 . Complete method has been introduced through all its branches , and a most unique and surprising skill is displayed in the information obtained , and in the general characterizations . The enemies of the system complain that it produces an espionage worse a thousand-fold than that under a European despotism ; that no circumstance of private or domestic life is safe from the prying , eager curiosity of these keen investigators , who are paid well for gleaning . In short , that the whole affair is a shame and a scandal to a free country . On the other side , it is retorted , that no honest man fears to have the veil drawn aside which may conceal his minutest acts . That such a man courts investigation , and claims to be judged by it ; and that those only are opposed to the plan who suffer from having the truth told of them . Now , my view of the question is not based on either of these hypotheses . It seems to me that the mischief lies in another direction . The agency undertakes to give information by which subscribers can form reliable judgments of a merchant 's responsibility , and so forth . This is very desirable , and if the agencies accomplish this they certainly render a service to the commercial community . But the truth is , we do not form an opinion of an individual so much from certain absolute facts we hear of him as from his general reputation . Every man , every firm , every incorporated company , does , in some way and by some sure process , after a time acquire a general reputation — good , bad or indifferent — for which one would be puzzled to state any reason or cause whatever , but which is true in ninety-nine cases of a hundred . So well settled is this , that our courts , when a person 's character is under investigation , will not permit , in the first instance , questions to be asked except as to general reputation . The ‘ agencies , ’ with the best intent , doubtless , busy themselves with picking up circumstances . A merchant rushes in and reads the record ; he thus goes to an ex-parte tribunal , where reputation is manufactured out of one set of facts , instead of into the world , where currents of opinion flow free , and where truth and error have a fair field for contest . If any one doubts this , let him look at the ‘ record ’ of four merchants out of five who fail , and he will find that these merchants took especial pains to keep that record fair . My opinion frankly is , that these agencies have their growth in our great desire to save ourselves the trouble of forming an opinion , so that we readily welcome one manufactured for us . It is very convenient to be told off-hand what really nobody can ever know ; whether a merchant is ‘ good ’ or not : and I believe our agencies would come badly off to-day in a series of libel-suits , one-half of which should be commenced by their patrons for too favorable statements , whereby those patrons lost their money ; and the other half by the subjects of mercantile criticism , whereby such subjects lost their credit . I refer to what is got together and reported about our city merchants . As to the reports recorded in the city of the standing of people through all the towns and villages of the United States , I reject them as generally the preparation of one man , ( in each place ,) who is biased one way or the other , so that he returns an opinion either much too severe or much too favorable , and by which the merchant here is quite sure to be misled . To return : I had no further reason to complain of the ‘ Agency . ’ They told the truth about me , and drew no disagreeable inferences . Indeed , after a while they began to exaggerate my position , for on the day I failed my record stood as follows : ‘ First-rate house . Credit A 1 . Thoroughly up in their business . Large capital : said to be at least a quarter of a million . Reported to have cleared over fifty thousand dollars the last season in produce . Very cautious operators . ’ Not to anticipate . The year 1844 was for us the commencement of a new season of prosperity . With great assiduity and great watchfulness the firm retrieved the losses of the previous year , strengthened its credit , changed some important details in the mode of conducting its business , and gradually settled on a prudent and safe basis of operations . From that time we took position among the ‘ leading merchants . ’ ... The years 1845 and 1846 passed very happily : yes , very happily , because prosperously and without drawback of any kind . To become once more a man among men . To encounter an acquaintance , and meet his scrutinizing look with an air of conscious strength and stability . To feel that you are no longer exposed to the humiliating sympathy of ‘ friends , ’ or the silent triumph of enemies . To be assured that you form again a part and portion of the activity which supports and moves the world ; that you are of consequence in it , and recognized accordingly , recognized by old companions with whom you used to engage in various affairs ; many of whom sincerely regretted what befell you , and honestly rejoice in your re ä ppearance in the business arena ; who shake hands with you with a smile , and a look as much as to say : ‘ I knew you would come out all right . Glad to see you here . ’ To pass from the dreary stupor of inactivity to fresh , hopeful , energetic action ; to plan and form combinations ; to feel yourself gradually and surely gaining ground ; to enjoy the healthful happiness of an ascending scale ; to get on , to prosper , to again grow rich , and find every thing around you cheerful ; to witness ‘ troops of friends ’ returning to range once more under your banner , with many apologies for absence , and so forth — apologies which you receive amiably , ( as if you had never felt bitterness of heart , and gangrene , and hatred on their account ;) which you not only receive amiably but excuse , making due allowance for human infirmities . ( You forgive , and your misfortunes are forgiven , but see to it that you repeat not the offence , lest a worse evil overtake you .) To pass through all this , rising meanwhile till , like the man of Uz , your possessions greatly exceed their former proportions . Well ! life is worth something at that . How agreeable to have money ; how pleasant not to be forced to calculate ! How charming for us , the favored few , few by comparison , to express a wish for what we desire , and lo ! it is supplied ; to plan out new pleasures , and enter into their enjoyment ; to find all things practicable , all things yielding ; to encounter smiles and approbation every where ; to find every avenue smoothed for our approach , every path made pleasant . Why not ? Why should not these things be desirable and acceptable , and very enjoyable ?... So in the midst of business successes and social delights , was ushered in the notable season of 1847 . Some perhaps who read these pages have cause to remember that memorable year . To such the index , ‘ 1847 , ’ will not be viewed without emotion . Nay , to those who date from it the beginning of , to them , a period of misery and misfortune , of blight and calamity , of stagnation of soul and withering up of energy — leaving them walking nonentities , collapsed and dwindling gradually away , instead of living , enterprising beings , to such did the figures ‘ 1847 ’ appear spectral ; and when seen printed here , will cause a shock like that produced by some fancied apparition from the dead .... Thus , as I said , with much joyousness and merry-making , amid Christmas festivities and gayeties and frolics came in the crisis-year . And I will proceed to explain how I happened to be paying two dollars a week for desk-room in the basement No . — Wall-street . CHAPTER SECOND . ON the first day of January , 1847 , the financial condition of these United States was ‘ most satisfactory . ’ So said leading bank presidents and directors in the coteries to which they severally were attached ; so observed the prominent members of the Stock Exchange , conversing daily between the ‘ boards ; ’ so echoed the principal merchants . Eminent bankers talked soothingly over their sherry of the ‘ remarkable prosperity of the country . ’ With the second bottle they demonstrated how we were now beyond the reach of panic . The resources of our land were so great , so various , so extraordinary , and its extent almost illimitable . Such room for development , for the employment of capital which could never fail in returning its legitimate increase . No , thank HEAVEN ! we were at last on a sound basis , and none but the most reckless need fail in any lawful enterprise . Russell , too , was of the same opinion . There was not even a speck in the commercial horizon giving token of the storm which was so soon to burst . Only it began to be ascertained that the failure of the harvest in Great Britain ( which had been for some time known ) was even more deplorable than at first reported ; and , with the blight of the potato in Ireland , there was threatened for that unfortunate isle the visitation of the Angel of Death in the shape of FAMINE ! But to most people this served as an additional argument that our prosperity was founded on a rock . We should find , at high prices and gold for payment , a market for all our surplus breadstuffs . Some , unappalled by the terrible calamity which threatened a friendly nation , chuckled over the news brought by each successive steamer of the great rise in the prices of food ; while with all there was an ill-concealed satisfaction at the existing condition of things . But there were others who shook their heads , and said such condition was unnatural ; that affairs could not go on ruinously for any length of time in England without re ä cting forcibly here , so intimate were the relations between us ; beside , they said , an unfortunate state of affairs in one country is never beneficial to another country with which it has a close business connection . These individuals were set down as croakers ; people who were behind the age ; men with antiquated stage-coach ideas . The great majority of moneyed men declared that the country was in a most prosperous state , and accordingly it was generally so accepted . To come , however , to my own affairs . The position of the firm of Charles E. Parkinson and Company , on that same first of January , was essentially and absolutely a sound one . The year after I commenced business anew , my mother died . The five thousand dollars I received from her proved , as was anticipated , to be about what I was entitled to from the estate , and thus that was settled . I had within a twelve-month repaid my friend the five thousand dollars borrowed from him . It was indeed so much in reduction of our capital , and the money to us was worth much more than seven per cent ; but something whispered to me , ‘ Pay it ! ’ and I did so . Strange to say , many years later this circumstance proved to be the final turning-point in my earthly career . Since we began , our capital had increased from the sum of twenty-eight thousand dollars , as the reader will recollect , to one hundred and thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and sixty dollars in stocks and assets , after deducting all probable bad debts and what the firm owed . In other words , that was our ‘ balance-sheet . ’ This was certainly doing well ; at the same time we had acquired the reputation of having made still greater gains , so true is it that ‘ to him who hath shall be given . ’ I was one of the few who were not carried away by the excitement consequent on the great rise in all species of produce . I believed when , stimulated by the high prices , the north of Europe began to pour in its large stores of grain , that a re ä ction must take place , especially if the coming season in Great Britain promised well . For this reason I did not permit myself to be tempted into a speculative course , in which my neighbors were clearing large sums rapidly . In April and May the financial distress in England , and distress from hunger in Ireland , were very great . An American Government store-ship , loaded with provisions , was sent to the relief of the Irish people , thousands of whom were dying from starvation . Still were we in this side prosperous ; still taking in gold for food at high prices ; still counting on more gold at higher prices . About the first of June these prices came to a stand-still in Europe . From the ports in the Baltic rich granaries were shipped to the British Isles , the harvests promised well , and the potato appeared to be without blight . We were then carried into the summer in the midst of a great speculation in produce ; with falling prices in Europe , and purchases and contracts maturing here ; grain shipped to a tremendous extent , bills drawn heavily against it ; bankers , ancient and honorable firms , breaking all over the Continent ; all through England , Scotland and Ireland , till the panic there reaching its height , the market here became utterly depressed , and bills of our best houses were floating about in all directions , offered at enormous rates without buyers . Then was Wall-street one morning taken suddenly all aback by the refusal of some of the largest bankers in London to honor the bills drawn on them , of an old and leading house here ! What confusion , what consternation ! It was all a mistake : oh ! certainly a mistake ! A matter of precaution only , till the arrival of the next steamer , then all the bills would be protected , all accounts arranged , and every thing be put right . Just wait for the next steamer . The steamer never arrived ! But if the firm of Charles E. Parkinson and Company did not speculate , what had it to fear ? Reader , you know little of commercial affairs if you suppose in times of general financial distress it is possible for any house engaged largely in business to escape unscathed . Quite early in the season I attempted to act with great prudence and circumspection . I came to the conclusion that , such were my then business relations with correspondents in the South , we should undoubtedly meet with large losses . I was prepared to accept this as the ‘ fate of war ; ’ for my gains had been large . During the summer I was applied to by a leading banking-house in Wall-street to make purchases of large quantities of grain for foreign want ; these were to be made through the west , and I was to charge a certain commission , and receive in payment bills drawn by this banking-house , on Baring Brothers and Company , in London . Nothing appeared surer or safer . The produce was to be consigned to the Barings , and since that house stood so high , and the drawers themselves were so undoubted , I did not consider it a risk . For all that , I stopped short in this arrangement before the parties had finished buying , and left them to select another agent . This was in consequence of the disheartening news brought by every steamer . Resolving not to make another business transaction , I joined my family , who were at Newport , in order to enjoy some relaxation . I enjoyed but little . Week after week brought intelligence more and more gloomy . I determined not to prolong our stay , but that we would all go to town the first of September , instead of my going in alone . I cannot say I experienced any presentiment of coming evil . I do not know why still I felt as if I must have my wife and children around me . On Wednesday , the first day of September , in the afternoon , we reached our handsome house in Broadway , a little above Bond-street . How pleasant it looked ; that dear , happy home ! By evening we were comfortably installed . The next day I was early at my counting-rooms . Affairs were threatening , but I maintained a courageous self-reliance . I believed , although I might be considerably damaged , that I should weather the storm . Rollins , who had greatly improved in sagacity , and now become an experienced merchant , was untiring in endeavoring to carry out my suggestions . Things were no worse than I expected to find them . Rollins had anticipated one or two very important steps which I had proposed to take , and with a favorable result . I had occasion to go that morning to Jersey City , with reference to a number of storage receipts , about which some question had been raised , and I told Rollins that I should not return to the counting-room , but would go directly home , having many little matters to look after at the house , and if he had any thing of importance to communicate I requested him to call in the evening . I transacted my business , and reached my house with spirits much improved , and my courage a good deal exalted . The children welcomed me with great glee as I entered . Mamma had invited two or three of their own age to spend the evening with them . Beside , young Havens was coming , ( Miss Alice , my eldest , was already sixteen , and did not appear vexed at this last announcement ,) and I was expected to contribute toward the entertainment . I smiled with a father 's pride and joy as I beheld the glowing countenances around me . There was nothing which whispered to me that the atmosphere was loaded with fatal intelligence . How happy was I in my unconsciousness ! At dinner we were all animated . I partook with a relish of our own cheer , and was gladdened beside by a bottle of generous wine , which the old cellar had held for many a year ; my return home ; a favorable business-day ; the cheerful voices of my wife and children ; a good dinner ; and the fine old Madeira wine : all combined to produce a comfortable and confident state of mind . ‘ We will weather it yet , ’ I exclaimed aloud , with a complacent nod .... There were some young people gathered in the parlor in the evening . They had danced a quadrille ; they had talked and laughed . Now Alice was requested to sing . She seated herself at the piano , and began the convivial song from Traviata . The music was particularly adapted to her voice , and as the tones floated through the room , I was gradually carried away by the abandon of the air . Insensibly I closed my eyes to enjoy it . Just then I heard the door open : the servant pronounced : ‘ Mr. Rollins , Sir . ’ I looked up . Rollins stood before me . He was very pale , but otherwise not excited ; betrayed no unusual excitement . ‘ I want to speak with you a moment , ’ he said . I rose and walked with him as far as the pillar which separates the parlors , and leaning against it , I waited for him to speak . Alice meantime was continuing the song from Traviata . ‘ Have you heard the news ? ’ he said , in a low tone . ‘ No ; what news ? ’ I replied . ‘ The ‘ Caledonia ’ arrived this morning . We have her advices by telegraph . Barings have refused acceptance of —— ‘ s bills . ’ ‘ How many with our indorsement must be still out ? ’ ‘ At least seventy thousand dollars . ’ ... Alice was finishing the last strain of the convivial song . With the last strain I beheld fading away like a dissolving view those beautiful velvet carpets ; vanishing , the fine sofas , and soft couches , and handsome furniture ; gone , the rosewood piano ; gone , the choice damask and silver ; gone , the luxurious board , with the old wines and delicious liqueurs : and the house , our HOME , lost is the house ; recorded against it is that mortgage for fifteen thousand dollars and interest ; the value of property depressed , and we in the hands of a prompt creditor . Oh ! why had I not paid off that mortgage ? Oh ! why ? Wife and children ; yes , wife and children remaining ; but to suffer what discomfort , what unhappiness , possibly what destitution ! Not one quarter of a minute had elapsed since Rollings answer , ‘ At least seventy thousand dollars , ’ yet behold how much had rushed through my heated brain ! I turned , for I felt a soft hand on my arm : it was my wife . ‘ Charles , what is it ? ’ ‘ At present nothing , only I must step out for a few moments with Rollins . ’ ‘ Papa , papa , where are you going ? Come back ! You are always running away ! ’ A WINTER SCENE . BY RICHARD HENRY STODDARD . IT is a morn in winter , The air is white with snow ; And on the chinar branches Jasmins seem to grow . The furrowed fields and hill-tops With icy treasures shine , Like scales of silver fishes , Or jewels in a mine . The bitter wind has banished The silent nightingale , And the rose , like some coy maiden , Is muffled in a veil . Its silver song of summer No more the fountain sings , And frozen are the rivers That fed the bath of kings ! No flower-girls in the market , For flowers are out of date ; And the keepers of the roses Have shut the garden-gate . No happy guests are drinking , Their goblets crowned with vine , For gone are all the merchants That sold the merry wine ! And gone the dancing women , Before the winds and snows ; Their summer souls have followed The nightingale and rose ! THE OBSERVATIONS OF MACE SLOPER , ESQ . SECOND SERIES . FOR THIS NUMBER ONLY , BY PARTICULAR REQUEST , THE OBSERVATIONS OF SLOPE MACER , ESQ . THEY were all sitting together in the library , round the great walnut table , under the great bronze chandelier . We 're very proud of that chandelier by the way . Amelia designed it herself , and Hiram had it moulded out in Paris . It has spreading tree-branches ; in between the forks lie a Turk , an Indian , a German , and a Calmuck , each smoking a long pipe , and out of the pipe-bowl comes the jet of flame . They do look just as natural as life : that 's a fact . The Indian was drawn for Sam Batchelder ; and the German for me . His is a good likeness ; mine is n't . They tell Sam that bronze suits his style of face ; I live in mortal fear that some body 'll call us both a couple of gas-blowers ; and so avail myself of this chance to head them all off , by originalling it myself . Remember , good folks , it has been done . Well , there were the girls : Amelia , Bertha Sue , Little Sugar , and one or two others , not forgetting the immortal Nella Satanella , all sewing and snipping things with scissors , or knitting and hauling in the runaway worsted balls , every once in a while , with a jerk , as if they were children wandered off . Only Nella lay back in a great arm-chair snapping a little riding-whip she 'd picked up , and doing nothing . Nella do n't know that I 've noticed it , but I have ; and that 's a way she has when other women are stitching and talking away , as all the sisterhood always do , all the world over , after a jolly tea-fight , of counting herself out , lying back on a chair , and eyeing them all round . There is nothing in it aggravating or conceited or insulting . Nothing vain or sarcastic . Nothing at all to take hold of , except once in a while a strange light as of a coming smile about to make daylight , but which never comes . And this smile-light seems to strike within as if she were watching herself , and amused at it . Nothing — that 's to say , only one thing . And that One is in its dimness something Awful . I 'm the only one who has seen it . I see that girl always watching human nature in every body , as one watches kittens at play . Children interest her like grown people , and she puts questions to watch the answers , and quietly raises topics to see how her little and great puppets will work . Where she loves and respects people she does this in such a way as to give them pleasant emotions and dignify them . I 've seen her make Sam Batchelder say for an hour things just as creditable to his heart and head as any thing could be : and Sam hardly knowing it either . I 've seen her draw out of Amelia the most artless indications of kindness and dignity . She 's found out , and a strange art it is , through years of thought , just what keys to touch in people to bring out certain sounds . When she does n't love , she goes in with the same interest , and treats herself to a good jolly monkey-show of miserable follies in red jackets dancing to the organ . Behind it all , even when Nella 's with the wisest and best of people , is that mysterious philosophy , or whatever it is , which keeps comparing and comparing it all to other things laid away .... But just speak a word , and up Nella flies , all prompt and ready and spry ; full of fun and jollity , ripe for any thing . ‘ Now , ’ said Bertha Sue , ‘ talking of young men — that is to say , very yong men — I do n't like them ; that is , if they 're not nice . I have known some real good fellows who 'd keep you laughing all the time , and never vex you with a folly ; and then there 're so many who make such geese of themselves : think if a lady only looks at them —— ’ ‘ My dear child , ’ quoth Sugar , ‘ that would depend a great deal , I should think , on how the lady looked at the young man . Now the other evening at the opera — ‘ twas really too absurd in me , I declare —— ’ ( Now Little Sugar is very conscientious , and always puts a story through , even at her own expense , if she has once begun it , thinking it wrong to disappoint people .) ‘ Well , I declare I could n't help it ; but there was a young gentleman in the parquette who looked exactly like my brother . And I looked straight at him the longest time ; indeed I do n't know what I could have been thinking of —— I 'm sure you 'd have looked at him just in that way if he 'd been like your brother , would n't you ? ’ quoth Sugar innocently , and addressing Nella . ‘ Oh ! immensely , ’ replied that most unlikely of all young ladies . ‘ Well , he kept staring at me , in the most annoying way , all the evening , after that . Oh ! it was just too provoking . I 'd have given worlds to 've been home . He did n't know though that he looked like my brother . I do declare , I 'd give any thing if he could only have known that it was n't him that I was looking at . ’ ‘ You should have put next morning in the ‘ Personals ’ of the Herald , ’ quoth Sam , ‘ an advertisement , saying that ‘ The young lady in white satin cloak , white lace bonnet , and crimson roses , a fall of blonde , lavender kid gloves , and lavender silk dress , with little ruffles , pearl and white silk fan , and mother-of-pearl opera-glasses , wishes it to be understood by the young gentleman , at whom she stared for several minutes , during the last ‘ Martha , ’ that this was done solely in consequence of his extraordinary resemblance to a relative , and not because she was in the slightest degree attracted by the gentleman himself .' ’ ‘ Feel better , Sam ? ’ inquired Hiram . ‘ What wonderful power of extempore composition ! ’ quoth Nella . ‘ Well , ’ said Sam , ‘ I 'll print it any how . ’ ‘ Oh ! please do n't ! ’ said Sugar . ‘ Indeed I 'd rather you would n't . I know it 's very kind of you , but I think I 'd prefer not having it printed . I — I — would n't like putting you to such trouble and expense , you know . ’ And here Sugar looked anxiously and wistfully up at Sam , as if he were pronouncing her death-sentence . There was a general burst of indignation from all the ladies present , and Sam caught it severely . It does n't take long for half-a-dozen women to bring one man to order , and they generally do it in about half-time when the offence is that of setting masculine quizzing against feminine weakness and tenderness . If you have any doubts , my Christian KNICKERBOCKER friend , just try it on in the next tea-battle where you may find yourself . Just a little . Pick out the favorite — and three decent women never get together but what one tacitly becomes the pet — and undertake to quiz her , especially on some point in which the others are conscious of weakness ! Do n't say any thing , but just try it . That 's all . If you happen to find that it pays , just drop a line to me , address KNICKERBOCKER Office , or Vanity Fair . ‘ As regards YOUNG MEN , ’ said I , ( I must have spoken very impressively , for all the girls at once slung up their heads as if I 'd fired a revolver ;) ‘ as regards Young Men , I 'm certain that there is n't a sect in the whole community whose views , feelings and ideas — above all , whose sufferings , are so little thought of or described by writers . ‘ When a man gets to be old enough to marry , then he 's immensely interesting . Then he figures every where . He 's tenor in the opera , first lover in the play , first fiddle in the whole orchestra of society . He 's provided for . ‘ But as for the youth who has n't graduated —— ’ ( Here one or two of the young ladies picked up their sewing , and began tumbling the work-basket .) ‘ As for him whose beard is growing , and who has n't ‘ got his set , ’ one may say that nobody in existence is treated with such inhumanity . Among all , except the most refined and cultivated people , it seems to be perfectly fashionable to establish a raw on him and snap it . If a girl is an angel to all the world beside , she can n't resist the temptation of snubbing him like a devil . The poor youths in their earlier frock-coats ! They feel the torture so keenly , and generally so foolishly . All they can do is to ‘ get mad .' ’ ‘ And then , ’ said Nella , ‘ how demure and astonished Mademoiselle looks ; how perfectly unable to understand such rudeness ! Yes , goodness knows , I was guilty of such folly often enough myself , when I was a school-miss . In fact , I 've gone to my room and cried after it ; but I could n't resist the temptation . It 's delightful to feel and exercise power ; particularly when you have n't much . There are two kinds of power developed at a gymnasium : that of nervous activity , ( which is partly strength , you know ;) and solid strength , which is altogether itself and nothing else . Now we girls come to full exercise of our activity before the poor boys get their strength . The fact holds good mentally , as well as physically ; indeed , I would n't give much for any fact that had n't a physical basis . Well , the boys grow up , marry the girls —— ’ ‘ And take their revenge . ’ ‘ Exactly . But I 've often thought that something might be done in education to relieve the sensitiveness and suffering of men at that age . Talk about boyhood , and the influences of childhood ! bless your soul , the age I speak of has a hundred chances to make or mar where boyhood has one . Then it is , if ever , that the influences of woman should be most felt : those of cultivated women of the world especially . Have n't I seen that a few words of real interest and kindness from such a woman to a youth have changed the whole course of his thoughts for months ? All his teachers and professors together could n't give him in a year the impetus that she can with a few words of flattery and encouragement . He need n't be in love with her to have this miracle effected ; and if he is , so much the better , for if there is any one thing which induces a youth to leave all that 's bad and mean and degrading , it is the being in love . There 's nothing that so stimulates the manly mind to become great and noble . Have n't I heard one of the greatest men who ever lived say , that the only times when he had ever been a good man were when he was in love ? ’ ‘ I declare , Nella , ’ said Amelia , ‘ you talk as sympathetically as if you 'd been a young man yourself . ’ ‘ So I have been , ’ said Nella , with enthusiasm . ‘ I 've been every thing that ever suffered . An Italian monk told me once that he had been CHRIST again and again ; that by intense meditations on HIS sufferings he had felt all the pains of the crucifixion . If there is a human suffering which I have n't known it has not been for want of effort . Ah ! only strive with all your might to sink down to sympathy with agony , find out its causes , and you 'll begin almost to think there 's no such thing as guilt . Folly there is —— ’ ‘ But I do n't think it 's manly in young men to suffer , ’ quoth Bertha Sue , very naturally . ‘ My dear child , ’ replied Nella , ‘ my sister 's children used to be mortally ashamed of catching cold because a nurse ridiculed their coughing . Yet they caught cold quite the same . What the world thinks of young men , and what it expects of them , causes a vast amount of hypocrisy . The very natural and creditable yearning for enjoyment , which is keenest in life at that age , is unnoticed or sternly repressed . It is n't , as a general rule , before a man becomes half-blas é that he begins to be knowing or free enough to be happy : and then he must drink when no longer thirsty . Bless me , why , did n't Dr. Maybaum tell us yesterday that when he was at college the only provisions made there were to secure study and ‘ moral demeanor ? ’ ‘ The boys would find amusement for themselves soon enough , ’ said the gouty , opium-steeped , old Incapable of a President . And they did find amusement : the amusements of fools and blackguards combined . Ah ! for my part I do n't see why as much pains should n't be given to supplying youth with recreation , as with ‘ education , ’ as people call education . Nature craves pleasure as much as food . I am only a woman , consequently I have been barred as in a cage my life long ; but I have good strong eyes , and I have seen something through those bars . I tell you that , with all the suffering on earth — bereavements , poverty , hunger , disease and oppression , that which goads man most is the craving for pleasure , for recreation , or ‘ distraction . ’ Teachers and parents close their eyes to the existence of this terrible power , and moralists either treat it as an evil or try to feed it on gruel . The Puritans all hold it to be the downright inspiration of the devil : as they do every thing which is beautiful and joyous like it . Ah ! if they could feel as I do , what a stupendous flood of joy and of beauty life is capable of taking in ! What might be done for the young if the true power of their minds was understood and provided for ! What men of genius , what great and good men might spring up by thousands , who now go to destruction , if it were only understood that enjoyment and pleasure , health and beauty , properly cared for , may be made the great stimulants to exertion . Yes , and to nobility of mind and tenderness . Ah ! the sufferings of lonely young hearts in silent chambers for want of this . ’ Nella 's voice quivered with deep emotion as she spoke . I saw that she had touched one of the depths of her religion of humanity . As she went on , her fingers played with , and she unconsciously placed on her head a beautiful long Arab cap — a fez , which Hiram used to wear . Suddenly she sprang up , and as her ocean of black hair rolled down in ripples to one side , she threw up one beautiful white arm , and said : ‘ The dear boys , if I only had the governing of them all ! Ah ! I tell you I would captain them gloriously up to manhood ! I have heart enough for all who suffer , for all who fail to get their rights ; and the greatest of human rights is to attain the fullest development of every capacity . Heart !! If giving a kiss with all my heart and soul to any youth living , would be a memory of joy to him for years , would lead him on like a light , and be a sweet memory in sorrow , I would give it : freely as a cup of water to the parched pilgrim . Freely ! Yes , to thousands on thousands . ‘ I mean it .' ’ Oh ! that you could have seen the tears rise in her great black eyes . Or how beautiful Nella was when she said this . Wild , and strange , and inspired , as though she saw far in advance some beautiful solemn coming promise , too great for words . Then graceful as a cloud she sank down into the chair , and covered her forehead with her hands . And there was not one present who did not regard her with respect and love . She is a wonder , this Nella . One who in stormy times would be one of the women of the Nation and of History . But it was not long before all the good folks had subsided into the old calm . The girls went on working : there was the old occasional snip of scissors and bump of worsted balls as they run over the floor ; and as there is considerable Liberty Hall in our circle , I lit a segar , and rolling back into the big chair , ( such a giant old nest of elastic softness you never did ,) I began to think . First I turned to what Nella had been saying of the small amount of care the world 's genius takes of the growing generation , just at the time when it needs it most . Then what a raft of things — here I made a short discursion off , trying to recal a story I once heard of a nigger preacher , who was also a boatman , and who exhorted his hearers to flee frum de raft to come — de great big raft all on fiah dat 'll smash yer boats and burn ‘ em up — glory ! Then I came up to time again , remembering what the world did n't care for , and what a wholesale careless , head-over-heels way it has of caring for what it does attend to , and crack up and idolize . There 's history for instance . I 'm not smart — wish I was — but one thing do n't humbug me , and that 's the fashion people teach the boys history . ‘ All the individuals on our side , in all great times , were all saints . I do n't believe it , ’ I spoke aloud . ‘ I would n't believe it , Mr. Sloper , ’ said Nella , smiling . ‘ Every revolution had some heroes in it and some fools . ’ ‘ A great many of every body , I should n't wonder , ’ I replied . ‘ Some of the cream and a great deal of skim . Lots of notional people , such as turn Mormons ; lots of small-pattern folk , who do the loud talk for their corner-grocery ; any quantity of owly follows , who 've got hold of a Tom Paine or a Volney , and nothing much else — the same sort who get moony over tracts or perpetual motion . We lose sight of them , though . Yet they make up an immense lot of the rank and file in all great carryings-on which have a new idea in the middle . ’ ‘ There was a canaille on both sides in the great Protestant Reformation , ’ said Nella . ( ‘ French for tag-rag and bob-tail , ’ quoth Hiram .) ‘ And I suppose that even the Christians of the first age had one . ’ ‘ Bet your Cashmere on that , ’ quoth Sam . ‘ But you must n't say it . ’ ‘ Must n't say the truth ? ’ I replied . ‘ Was the American Revolution a lie , because it had Arnolds , and Tories , and all sorts of scallawags ? ’ ‘ Come , ’ said Nella , ‘ this puts me in mind of something . I 've got in my desk the queerest poem ! It 's on this subject . It tries to show , if I remember right , that even in a time which we always think of as being without low and vulgar people , there were probably some who went into ignorant extremes and abused every thing . Sam , suppose you read it . ’ And in a few minutes she produced the document . It had been given to a friend of hers by the editor of the Family Pudding , who could n't quite make any thing out of it , except that the style was inelegant and the moral obscure , and who had therefore indorsed it as ‘ rejected . ’ And turning himself round , so as to face the great multitude , Sam began : The Legend of Crispin . BY MEISTER KARL . WHEN the Romans , the never-to-be-forgotten Romans — Romans , Roman citizens , S. P. Q. R .— Travelled out of Pompeii , Pompeii ! When Mount Vesuvius was pouring down her lava , Dust — Ashes — Scoria , Ruin , Desolation , Eternal Misery ! Fire-works , Annihilation , And Things . They left a Sentry standing at the door , They did . Citizens went rushing past him , Rushing like hurlycanes , Like hydrants , Like rifle-bullets on their travels , Carrying baggage — Some of it marked ‘ LUCIUS SEMPRONIUS , ’ Some of it ‘ DRUSILLA . ’ Band-boxes , inscribed with the nomina of MARCIA MESSALINA ; The trunks of FLAVIUS GRACCHUS , The bronzes of SPURIUS , The Elephantine books of LAUFELLA , Of Æ GLE , LALAGE , CHIONE , DIONE , CLODIA , SULPITIA , LAIS , BASSA , And the traps of all that fast crowd , The jolly , half-Greek Romans of that Blue-Sea town . It was a fast party , and no mistake ; Used to cutting up high old didoes , Going in on Falernian , Nunc pede libero , Myrrhine cups , Serican mantles , beautiful slaves , Harp and psaltery , kisses and wine , alma VENUS ! Live and love , you beauty — Beauty is Divine ! Go it , girls — go it while you 're young ! Sic vita — hodie nobis . Disce bone clerice virgines amare , Quare sciunt dulcia oscula prestare . Juventutem floridam tuum conservare , Et cetera . Now they ran , shrieking , bewildered , pale-white , Scared to fits — Poor , pretty , little unfortunate devils , Having a hard old time of it : While a newly-escaped convict , a fellow named CRISPIN , Who was to have been thrown to the lions in the circus , But who had got out of his cage and feliciter evasit Just escaped martyrdom and canonization , Stood on a dung-hill , preaching Millerism To the unfortunate Pompeians . ‘ Sarves yer right , ’ quoth he , In uncommonly bad Latin . He was a Thracian shoe-maker ! ‘ Sarves yer right — Dives eritis — you used to be rich as blazes , Fat and sarcy — every thing but ragged , Dern you ! Now things is workin ’ — O Domine Deus ! a n't I glad ! Now you 're all goin to thunder Along with yer blamed old gods and goddesses , JUPITER JOVIS , MARS , APOLLO ! Oh ! git ë out ! DIANA ! Talk about her bein ’ decent ! Shaw ! Law bless your soul ! she a n't no better than she should be . JUNO ! she was a nice lot , she was I do n't think : Did n't marry her brother nor nothin ’ , I spose ! HERCULES ! There 's a pretty character now , to make a god of ! Why , he never was nothing better'n a sort of sporting man : Used to go boxin ’ r ë ound in a low way , An ’ killin ’ things . Worship him ! I 'd as soon worship an old chaw tobacco : Fact ! Just as live 's not . MERCURY ! Sounds well , do n't it , to be prayin ’ to him ? Shows yer derned thieves any how , to think of such a thing . Why , he 's nothin ’ but a pick-pocket , A common burgular ; a hoss-stealer ; A fellow who shoves the queer and buzzes blokes , as they say in their low slang . That 's what he is . Put that in your pipe and smoke it ! ‘ Fore I 'd be seen in his temple , I 'd go worship CLOACINA . Fact ! That 's what I 'd do . Oh ! they 're a putty set — these divinities of yourn : MINERVY , for instance . She do n't know nothin ’ , She a n't o ’ no account . She 's a humbug . Why , I know a gal , PAULA INNOCENTIA ; lives round by the Forum ; sells slop . Kin read the ‘ Pistle to the Romans right strut through — Well she can . That 's more'n MINERVY ever did . Then , there 's NEPTUNE ! Now I arsk you as reas'nable men , Do n't you consider him as an old blower — a regular gas-bag . Feller citizens : I arsk you to argy this point temperately and soberly , without usin ’ no aggravatin language . Do n't you think a man must be a blarsted old fool to believe in any such narsty stuff as this beastly my-thology of yourn ? Shaw ! There a n't no use talkin ’ , It 's all a dead cock in the pit , the hull of this Olympus : I do n't say nothin agin PLUTO , however , ( Only you ought to call him SATAN by rights .) Some of you 'll find out mighty soon , I calculate , whether he 's a smellin ’ r ë ound or not . Rather ! Oh ! go ‘ long with you . Sho-o-o-o ! Yeu narsty , indecent , le ë wd , unproper critters ! Yeu miserable coots . Fellers with about half the interlect of a common-sized shad , Yeu goneys . Ya — ya — yap — yap — BOO ! Yeu do n't have an imparticularly hard time on ‘ t. Sa-ay ! Layin ’ off on triclinia , drinkin ’ Falernian out ‘ er pocula , and snake-handled Etruskin calices , Serpens in patera Myronis arte , To the health of VENUS ! Ea-au-au-a'a ' a'h ! You make me sick ! VENUS !! Bibis venenum , you drink serpent pison and no mistake under them ‘ ere circumstances . VENUS ! Sh-aw ! She ‘ s just the filthiest .... .... dern'dest .... .... ugh — ugh ! ’ ( Here he grew black in the face with howling and spitting .) ‘ Beautiful indeed ! I hate beauty . Blarst it ! ‘ Ta n't moral . I 'd rather see the lousiest old slave a-goin ’ , Than all the clean-washed beauty of all Lesbos , Corinth , Athens , Rhodes , Or any other man . Look-a-here , you goneys ! There 's a statue of VENUS now : Mighty putty — a n't it ? Vide , dico , vobis ! Here 's a big pavin ’ - stun . I 'm a-goin ’ to smash her nose in . I 'll spile some of your pretty for you — moecha damnata ! You car n't do nothin ’ to one of the Chosen , you know ! Here goes at her ! Rip ! snap !— one , two , three ! ’ And it flew from his hands . The multitude , in terror , Paused in their flight , shocked at the sacrilege , Waiting the wrath of the foam-white-limbed Goddess APHRODITE , eternal daughter of sun-shine , Of the blue-sea and beauty infinite . Was it the accursed stone which struck the features Chiselled by PHIDIAS or SCOPAS ? Was it the shock of the earthquake ? But as the mountain gave a roar tremendous , As though all Orcus had burst loose on earth , And in a flash , as of all JOVE 'S lightning , Down fell the marble queen of loveliness , Crushing to kindred dirt , in one foul mass , CRISPIN the Scoffer . Lo ! the gods are just ! ‘ That 's a rather Remarkable , ’ quoth Sam , as he wound up . ( ‘ How well you read ! ’ exclaimed four voices at once .) ‘ It 's a great pity ! ’ said Amelia , ‘ that he broke that beautiful statue . How well it would have looked , Mace , on that pedestal in the corner of the library . I do wish you d buy something to put on it . It looks so empty . I saw a lovely bronze Psyche at Haughwout 's the other —— ’ ‘ Well , ’ said I , ‘ I ‘ spose I must hoe out my row and finish the furnishing : so send her up ! ’ ‘ And the poem , Nella ? ’ ‘ Lo ! the gods are just , ’ replied Nella , repeating the last line . Ah ! I hope so . I hope that no form of beauty which man ever looked at with love , ever did die , or ever will . I should think that something were wrong if I really believed that that statue which Crispin broke will never be seen again in all eternity by me . No ; every lovely face and flower and breath of music lives somewhere , as a grain lies in the earth waiting for the spring . Nature has the germ and the secret : all will rise again more beautiful than ever . ’ LIVING ALONE . BY HENRY P. LELAND . SILENT he sat in the forest shade , Silent , but not alone — He and his hound and the unseen form Of one then dead and gone . Not dead , while she lives in his throbbing heart : Not gone , while her dark eyes make him start : Living alone ! Heartless the trees , soulless the rocks , Nothing but wood and stones ? No sympathy here for sorrowful hearts , No voices with gentle tones ? Not heartless the forest while joy it yields ! Not soulless the rock that a sad heart shields ! Living alone ! Silent he walked in the cloudless night , Her eyes the stars above ; Her voice in the thrilling wind from the south ; His world — her world of love !— Love , that will live and the loved one gone ; Love , that will live and forever live on — Living alone ! Heart of the forest , and soul of the rock , Star eyes in heaven that gleam , Voice of the wind that thrilled his heart , And are ye all a dream ? Dream ! then let him through life dream on . Dream ! yes , DREAM till life is gone ! Living alone ! THE TAXIDERMIST . BY FITZ-HUGH LUDLOW . I .— THE OLD MAID 'S CHAPTER . —— ‘ DIE , if dying I may give Life to one who asks to live , And more nearly , Dying thus , resemble thee ! ’ ‘ CIEL ! Zat is ze true heroique ! Zat is ze very far finest ting in all ze literature anglaise ! Zere have not been made vun more sublime poesie by your immortel Villiams Shakyspeare ! Glorieux ! Vat a grandeur moral of ze woman who vill vonce die for her love ! ’ ‘ Once ? I knew a woman who died thrice for hers . ’ The enthusiastic admirer of Longfellow was a French Professor in one of our American Colleges , by name Gautier Bonenfant . The person who met his panegyric with such a strange response , was Orloff Ruricson , by birth a Swede , by adoption a New-Yorker , and by trade the proprietor of a Natural History Museum . These two , with myself , were sitting on the west piazza of the little inn at Kaaterskill Falls . All of us hard-working men in the hard-working season ; but on this tenth day of July , eighteen hundred and fifty-nine , soaking the dust out of our brains in a bath of sunlight and mountain air , forgetting in company that life was not all one sweet vacation . Bonenfant and I looked at Ruricson with puzzled faces . Though a good fellow and a wisely humorous one , he seldom said any thing whose cleverness lay in a double-entendre . ‘ Pray , who is that remarkable woman ? ’ said I . ‘ It is my wife , ’ replied Orloff Ruricson soberly . ‘ And she die , von , two , tree time ? ’ asked Bonenfant , with uplifted eye-brows . ‘ And she died three times for her love , ’ repeated Orloff Ruricson . ‘ Perhaps you would have no objection to tell us exactly what you mean ? ’ said I . ‘ None at all , to you two . With this proviso . I know that you , John Tryon , write for the magazines . For aught I know , Bonenfant here , may be a correspondent of the Constitutionnel . ’ ‘ Mais non ! I am ze mose red of Red Republican ! ’ ‘ Perhaps you are Ledru Rollin , then , travelling in disguise to hunt materials for a book . At any rate , I must exact of both of you a promise , that if a single lineament of the story I am going to relate , ever gets into print through your agency , it shall be represented as fictitious , and under assumed names . ’ ‘ C'est fait ! ’ ‘ It 's a bargain ! ’ ‘ You see , I live by my Museum . And if the public once suspected that I was a visionary man , the press and the pulpit and general opinion would run me down immediately . I should be accused of denying the originality of the human race inferentially , through my orang-outang ; of teaching lessons of maternal infidelity through my stuffed ostrich ; of seducing youth into a seafaring life by my preserved whale . No more schools , at half-price on Saturday afternoon , accompanied by their principal ; no more favorable notices by editors , ‘ who have been with their families , ’ for you , Orloff Ruricson ! ‘ And what I am going to tell you will seem visionary . Even to you . Nevertheless , it is as real as any of the hardest facts in my daily life . Take my solemn word for it . ‘ When I was ten years old , my parents emigrated from Sweden to this country . At the age of twelve , I lost my father . At thirteen , I was apprenticed to a man who stuffed birds in Dutch-street . At fourteen , I was motherless . At twenty , my term was out , and I began to think of setting up as a taxidermist on my own hook . There ! The Biographical Dictionary can n't beat that summary of ten years , for compactness ! ‘ I made a very liberal offer to my master ; in fact , proposed to take him into partnership . He nobly refused to avail himself of my generosity . Bird-stuffing , even in New-York , was not a very lucrative business , and would hardly support two , he suggested . What did I think of one of the river towns ? Albany , or Hudson , or Poughkeepsie , for instance ? I did not tell him what ; but in reality , I thought so little of them , that within ten days after my indenture was cancelled , I had taken a little nook in the Bowery , with window enough to show off three blue-jays , a chameleon , and a very young wild-cat , ( whose domesticity I may , at this day , acknowledge to have been slandered by that name ,) and sufficient door to display the inscription : ‘ ORLOFF RURICSON , Taxidermist and Aviarian Professor . ’ Even at that day , you see , Bonenfant , we impostors had begun to steal your literary title . ’ ‘ Sacrebleu ! I do very moshe vish zat ze only ting ze plenty humbug professors now-a-days stuff vas ze birds ! ’ ‘ Well , I may have stuffed the public a little , too . At any rate , they patronized me far better than I had any reason to expect . By the time I was of age , I had moved my business one door farther up , to a shop treble the size of the first ; and instead of sleeping under and eating on top of my show-case , as I began , I occupied lodgings with a respectable cutler 's widow , second-story front of a brick house on Third Avenue , and came down to my store every morning at nine o'clock , like any wholesale grocer . ‘ I had been installed in my comfortable quarters only six weeks , when a new lodger came to the boarding-house . The first thing that I knew of it , was my beholding , directly opposite me at a Sunday dinner , the most preternaturally homely face I had ever seen . As I took my seat , and opened my napkin , the cutler 's widow inclined her head in the direction of the apparition , and uttered the words : ‘ Miss Brentnall . ’ I cast a glance and a bow in the same quarter , pronouncing the name after her . ‘ Mr. Ruricson , ’ said the landlady laconically , and nodded toward me . ‘ Mr. Ruricson , ’ repeated the miracle of plainness , in a voice so sweet that I could not rid myself of the impression that it must be the ventriloquism of some one else . At the same moment she smiled . The smile was as incongruous with the face as the voice ; and for that glancing half-minute , Miss Brentnall was a dozen shades more endurable . ‘ Cruikshank , acting as collaborator with Salvator Rosa , would fall short of any thing more ambitious than a slight sketch of the woman 's unearthly homeliness . I dare hardly attempt describing her in words , but for your sake , let me try . ‘ Her hair was like Bonenfant 's Republicanism , ‘ the most red of red , ’ but without the usual characteristic of that color , silky fineness . In fact , unless you have been through a New-England corn-field in the dog-days , and noticed the very crispest of all the crisp tassels which a brazen sun has been at work baking for the month previous ; unless you have seen some peculiarly unsheltered specimen , to the eye like dried blood , and to the fingers like dust and ashes , you cannot imagine the impression produced by Miss Brentnall 's hair . I really trembled lest our awkward waiter 's sleeve should touch it , in serving the vegetables , and send it crumbling from her head in the form of a crimson powder . Her forehead was in every respect immense — high , broad , and protuberant enough for the tallest man who ever prided himself on his intellect ; still , it might have been pardoned , if it had been fair withal , instead of sallow , wrinkled and freckled . A nose , whose only excuse for its mammoth maturity of size and its Spitzenberg depth of color , lay in the fact that it was exposed to the torrid glare of the tresses , depended , like the nest of the hanging-bird , between a pair of ferrety eyes , which seemed mere pen-knife gashes in a piece of red morocco . At that day , I could not swear to the pupils ; but a profane man of sensitive mind , might have sworn at them , for they seemed to be a damp — not a swimming but a soaked damp — pale blue . Flanking the nose , imagine an inch and a half on either side , of dingy parchment , stretched almost to tearing , and you will get the general idea of the sides of Miss Brentnall 's face ; I will not travesty the word ‘ cheeks , ’ by calling them that . Below the nose , a mouth which would have been deformedly small for a child two weeks old ; below that , a chin which hardly showed at all in front , and , taking a side view , seemed only an eccentric protraction of the scraggy neck to which it was attached . Now for the figure . High , stooping shoulders ; a long , flat , narrow , mannish waist ; the lower extremities immoderately short ; immense feet : group these in one person , and you have a form to which I know only two parallels out of the world of nightmare , a German wooden doll , and Miss Brentnall . ’ ‘ Diable de laideur ! You see zat viz your own eyes ? ’ ‘ Yes , Bonenfant . ’ ‘ And yet you be yourself not vare ugly , after all ! ’ ‘ So I have heard , Bonenfant . You will be still more surprised to feel that this is the case , when you know that I lodged in the same house with Miss Brentnall a whole year . Indeed , she occupied the very next room to me . I was second-story front , she second-story back , during all that time ; and do you know that I became very well acquainted with her ? ’ ‘ Ah ! It is pos-sible for a gentleman to be vare polite to vare ugly woman ! ’ ‘ Yes , but from preference , I mean . I could shut my eyes , and hear her voice , or open them at the transient moment when she was smiling , and forget that she was homely at all . I discovered that she was the only remnant of a large family : that awakened my pity . In addition , that she was very well-informed , thought and conversed well : that aroused my respect . And when , in spite of a face and figure which by poetic justice should have belonged to Sin itself , I perceived that she had the kindest of hearts , and the most delicate of sensibilities , I am not ashamed to confess that I soon became attached to her . ’ ‘ Attach ? You have fall in love viz zat e-scary-crow ? You have marri-ed her ? ’ ‘ Hear me through , Bonenfant , and you will find out . In the present instance , I mean , by the word ‘ attached , ’ nothing but a pure Platonic friendship . I do not make acquaintances easily . I visited nobody in New-York at that time . There was no one whose cheerful fireside I could make my own for an evening ; and my natural tastes , to say nothing of any other feeling , kept me away from drinking-saloons . Moreover , I had an insatiate longing to make something of myself . I wanted the means for buying books , for travelling , for putting myself into what I considered good society . Accordingly , I often brought home , at evening , the specimens I had been working upon all day , and continued my labors long into the night . While I was busily engaged with the knife or the needle , the gentlest little tap would come at the door , so gentle , so unlike any other sound , that , however absorbed I might be , I always heard it , knew it was Miss Brentnall , and said : ‘ Walk in ! ’ So , in hopped that little eighth world-wonder of ugliness , now with an orange for my supper , now with some pretty ornithological engraving , of which , by the merest chance , she always had a duplicate copy , and whose effect she would like to see on my wall . When she went out , she always forgot to take it with her ; and in a few months , my room , through such like little kindnesses , became quite a portrait-gallery of celebrated birds . Sometimes , Miss Brentnall spent the whole evening with me . On such occasions , it was her greatest delight to stand by my table , and see some poor , mussed , shrivelled lark or Canary grow plump and saucy again , through the transformations of my art . She called it ‘ bird-resurrection . ’ For an hour at a time , she would stay close at my elbow , perfectly quiet , holding a pair of glass eyes in her hand . When I asked for one of them , she gave it to me with all the happiness of a helpful child ; and , when at last both eyes were fixed in the specimen , I have seen her clap her hands , and jump up and down . In process of time , she became of real assistance to me . So apt a mind had she , that from merely witnessing my methods , she learned to stuff birds herself ; and one evening , when I called ‘ come in , ’ to the well-known tap , I was surprised by seeing a parrot in her hands , prepared and mounted almost as well as I could have done it myself . It was a little present to the Professor , she said : she had been at work upon it for the last two days . From that time , her voluntary services were in my constant employ , whenever I worked of evenings . ‘ I was not so ungallant , however , as to let Miss Brentnall do all the visiting . Whenever a lazy fit took me , and I could not have worked , or studied , or walked , if I had been offered ten dollars an hour for those exertions , I always forestalled her coming to my room by going to hers . She had a large rocking-chair , which always seemed to run up to the fire-place of its own accord , and hold out its arms for me , the moment I came in . I would drop into that , shut my eyes , and say , ‘ Please talk to me , ’ or , ‘ Please read to me , ’ with as much abandonment as if I were speaking to my own mother . It never felt like exacting impertinent demands of a stranger , I was so marvellously at my ease in Miss Brentnall 's room . ’ ‘ Ze man of mose mauvaise honte be not embarrass , I have observe , viz ze vare ugly lady . ’ ‘ I do n't think it was that , Bonenfant . I used to ask myself if it might not be . But I always came to the conclusion that I should feel the same , were Miss Brentnall the most beautiful person in the world . There was something in her mind , especially as expressed in voice and style of talking , that lulled me when I was most irritable , that lifted the weight of self and pride quite off me for the time being . I knew that we both liked to be together ; that was enough : I did not care , indeed I never once thought , how we either of us seemed to any one else . ‘ I could not help being aware that the other boarders talked about us . Having a pair of tolerably good ears , likewise of eyes , it was difficult not to know that old Mrs. Flitch , my landlady 's half-sister , smelt a match in my intimacy with Miss Brentnall ; that she considered it ill-advised , on the ground that I was twenty-one , and the lady at least forty ; that she could imagine no possible motive in my mind , except a view to Miss Brentnall 's snug little property ; that , as a consequence of these premises , she regarded one of us a very mean knave , and the other a doting fool . It was difficult not to understand the meaning of Miss Simmons , an acid cotemporary of Miss Brentnall 's , possessing all her chances of celibacy , half her homeliness , and one-thousandth of her mind , when , as I took my seat next her at the breakfast-table , she asked me , with a pretty simper , if I had spent the last evening as pleasantly as usual . It was difficult to avoid seeing the gentlemen wink at each other when they passed us talking together in the entry : it was also difficult , as I perceive from Bonenfant 's face he would like to suggest , not to pull their noses for it ; but reflection suggested the absurdity of such a course . This is one of the few objections I have to your native , and my adopted country , Tryon , that notwithstanding the great benefit which results from that intimacy between a man and a woman , in which each is mere friend , and neither present nor expectant lover , our society will not hear of such a thing , without making indelicate reference to marriage . Still , I suppose , they would have talked about us , any where . ‘ Miss Brentnall knew this as well as I , and like me , never gave it a thought after the momentary demonstration which recalled it . We passed one whole delightful year together in the Third Avenue boarding-house . I felt my own mind growing , becoming richer in all sorts of knowledge , freer and clearer in every field of thinking , with each succeeding day . And as for Miss Brentnall , she was so kind as to say , and I knew she sincerely meant it , that to her , all lonely in the world , our friendship was in all respects inestimable . At the end of the year , Miss Brentnall was taken ill. For the first few days , neither she nor I felt any serious alarm with reference to her case . The doctor pronounced it a mild type of typhoid fever . It proceeded , so he said to me in private , more from mental causes than any tangible physical one . Had she been unfortunate in any way ? he asked me . I could only reply that , as her intimate friend , I was unaware of the fact . Probably she read late , then , he suggested . I said that might be . At all events , her mind had been very much overtaxed : what she needed was perfect quiet , good nursing , and as little medicine as possible . Upon his giving me this view of the case , I sought out the most faithful , judicious woman within reach , and hired her on Miss Brentnall 's behalf , to stay by her bedside night and day . My own income , from the little shop in the Bowery , was now so fair , that I felt able to repay , in some measure , the debt of gratitude I owed my kind friend for her many contributions to the walls of my lonely room . Accordingly , whenever I lighted on any new engraving or book of art , or any embellishment to a sick-chamber , which seemed likely to attract without fatiguing a strained mind , I brought it up to her in the evening . If I had not been in her debt already , I should have been a thousand times repaid for these little evidences of friendship , by the appreciative delight with which the childlike woman talked of them , for their own sake , and the grateful enthusiasm she bestowed upon them for mine . ‘ The opportunity to be kind and thoughtful was very short . At the end of the third week , the doctor gravely told me that typhus pneumonia was becoming alarmingly prevalent in New-York , and that Miss Brentnall 's disease had taken that form . Furthermore , that unless some change for the better occurred in the course of the next twenty-four hours , she would die . ‘ I heard this piece of news without the least outward sign of sorrow . It did not seem possible to me that I could lose this best , kindest friend I had in the world . You will think the reason whimsical perhaps ; but , merely because she was not beautiful , I felt as if she would not be taken away from me . ‘ Only the beautiful die , only the beautiful , ’ I kept saying to myself all day , in the shop or at the work-table . In the evening , when I came back to the house , I found that two things had occurred . Miss Brentnall 's pulse had become feebler , and she did not seem to me so plain as before . Then , for the first time , I began to be afraid . ‘ In the morning , the doctor took me into the entry , and told me that his patient might live till mid-night , but not longer . Would I take the painful office of breaking the intelligence to her ? ‘ Yes , ’ I replied , hardly knowing what I said . ‘ I entered the sick-room . As I came toward the bed , Miss Brentnall opened her eyes and smiled . ‘'Martha , ’ said she , in a feeble voice , ‘ you may go down-stairs , and get me some arrow-root . ’ ‘ As soon as the nurse had shut the door behind her , Miss Brentnall continued : ‘'I shall be dead in a few hours , Orloff . I have something to say to you alone . I am sorry to go away from you . Very sorry . You have been kind to me , Orloff . More than any body else in the world . ’ ‘ I took Miss Brentnall 's poor , parched hand , but could not answer . ‘ Orloff — kind as you are to me — in the bottom of your heart , you know that I have the most repulsive face you ever saw . Say yes , Orloff . You do know it . I have been sure of it , since I was a little girl , six years old , thirty-four years ago , yesterday . I was never sorry for it , more than a moment at a time , until a year ago . And now you may tell me you see it , without hurting me at all . Pride is past . Say that my face is the most unlovely in the world . Say it to please me . ’ ‘ I saw she was in deep earnest , and I brought myself to answer for her sake : ‘'Well . But your soul is the most lovely . ’ ‘'I thank you for saying it , Orloff . And now , now that pride is past , I may tell you something which life would hide forever , but death wrings out of my very soul . You have been a friend to me , a dear , kind friend , Orloff ; but nothing more . I have been something else to you . A dying woman may say it . I have loved you . ’ ‘ For a minute we were both silent , and then Miss Brentnall resumed : ‘ Passionately , passionately . Without once deluding myself ; without once dreaming that there was a shadow of hope . Had you been blind ; had you been deaf ; so that you could never have seen what I am , or heard a word of it from other lips ; even had you , under these circumstances , loved me , I would have felt it base to give you , in exchange for yourself , such a thing as I . But you did see , you did hear , and I knew that I loved impossibly . You came in , now , to tell me that I would not live till to-morrow , did you not , Orloff ? ’ ‘'I meant to , if I could , ’ was my reply . ‘'I had a dream just before you came in . I thought I saw you , and you told me so . Do you know what a strange thing happened , just as you seemed speaking ? But you are not angry with me , for what I have said already ? ’ ‘'Angry ? My dear friend , no ! ’ said I instantly . ‘'The strange thing was this . As you spoke , my deformed face fell off like a veil , and my body , like a cloak , was lifted from me . At the same moment , I had the power of being outside of myself , of looking down on myself , and I was — very beautiful . I was not proud , but I was glad . I drank in a whole fountain of peace at every breath . At that instant , I began to float farther and farther from you ; but as I went , I heard , oh ! such a sweet voice ! saying : ‘ Again ! Again ! You shall meet again ! ’ As you came into the room , I awoke . And I have dared to uncover my whole soul to you , Orloff Ruricson , because those words are still in my ears . We shall meet again ! And when we meet , I shall be beautiful ! ’ ‘ With all my respect for Miss Brentnall , it was impossible for me not to feel that she was raving . Indeed , from this very belief I took hope . I had seldom heard of cases like hers , in which patients , almost in the very last hour , continued to be delirious . I therefore doubted the doctor 's diagnosis , and persuaded myself that , since she had not arrived at the lucid interval preceding death , she was not so near it as he suspected . ‘ Comforting myself with the assurance that I should see her well again , or at least , that there was no immediate danger , I went down to my shop in the Bowery , leaving orders to send for me immediately , if any change took place in Miss Brentnall . ‘ After transacting the business of my trade , all day , I came back earlier than usual at evening , greatly depressed in spirits , but without any idea that I had seen my friend for the last time . As I put my latch-key into the door of the boarding-house , it opened . I saw the pale , frightened face of Martha , the nurse . She was just coming out after me . Miss Brentnall was dead . ‘ And again I was alone in the world . ’ II .— THE FLICKER 'S CHAPTER . ‘ THERE was a quiet funeral where I was the only mourner . There were days of loneliness succeeding , in which it seemed to me that the small isthmus by which I had been for a year attached to my fellow-men , had been suddenly covered by the rising of a dark , cold tide ; that I was an islander again , and the only one . ‘ There was a will to be proved in the Surrogate 's Court . Miss Brentnall 's nurse and the landlady had witnessed it . I thought this strange at first , remembering what a friend the dead had been to me ; but my surprise at not being a witness was soon supplanted by the greater one of being sole legatee . ‘ There was a monument to be placed over the dead . To every detail of it I attended personally . I remember how heavy even that simple little shaft seemed to me , how much too heavy for a head that had borne so much of heaviness through life . Then I thought of her expression ‘ bird-resurrection , ’ of her perfect faith in the coming of better things ; and if the monument had been a pyramid , I would have known that it could not press her down . ‘ It is one of my eccentricities that I fear good-fortune ; not bad-fortune , at all . For I have seen so much of it , that it only looks to me like a grimmer kind of father , coming to wake his over-slept son and tell him that unless he leaps from his feather-bed , and that right suddenly , the time for every thing good in life will have gone by . I fear good-fortune , because I am not sure that I shall use it well . It may carry me till it has dwarfed me ; I may lie on its breast till I have lost my legs ; then whisk ! it may slip away from under me and leave me a lame beggar for the rest of my life . ‘ I resolved , therefore , that I would not touch a farthing of my new property until I had become quite familiar with the idea of owning it . It was all in stocks when I found it . I converted it into real-estate securities , and as fast as my interest came in , deposited it in the bank . Meanwhile , I supported myself well upon the little shop ; bought books , and laid something by . ‘ I was busy one morning at my stuffing-table in the back-room , when the bell over the street-door rang : and running into the front-shop , I found a new customer . He was a private bird-fancier , he told me , and had brought a specimen , which he wished mounted for his cabinet . As he spoke , he slid back the cover from a box which he carried under his arm ; and as I looked in , expecting to see a dead bird , a live one hopped out and sat upon my finger . ‘'I declare that is very curious ! ’ said the gentleman ; ‘ the creature never did such a thing before ! I have had it eight months without being able to domesticate it in the slightest . It will not even eat or drink when any body is in the room ; yet there it is sitting on your hand . ’ ‘ I had never seen such a bird before . It resembled the northern meadow-lark in size and shape ; in hue , its wings were like the quail 's , its breast ash-color , its tail mottled above , like the wings , and of a delicate canary yellow beneath . But the greatest beauty it possessed was a bright crimson crescent , covering the whole back of the head . ‘ What is this bird ? ’ said I . ‘'It is a Flicker , ’ answered the gentleman . ‘ It was sent me by a friend living in Florida . ’ ‘'Why do n't you keep it alive ? ’ ‘'For the reason I 've told you . It 's perfectly impossible to tame it . My children and I have tried every means we can think of without success . If we confine it in a cage , it mopes all day and eats nothing ; if we let it fly about the room , it sculks under the furniture as soon as we enter ; if we take it in our hands , it screams and fights . There is a specimen of the execution it can do in an emergency with that sharp , long bill ! ’ ‘ And my customer showed me his finger , out of which a strip of flesh an inch long had been gouged as neatly as it could have been done with a razor . ‘'It is nothing but botheration , that confounded bird ! ’ he continued . ‘ It does nothing but make muss and litter about the house from morning till night ; and for all our troubles , it never repays us with a single chirp . Indeed , I do n't believe it has any voice . ’ ‘ Just then the Flicker , still sitting on my finger , turned up its big , brown eye to my face and uttered a soft , sweet gurgle , like a musical-glass . ‘'Good heavens ! ’ exclaimed the gentleman ; ‘ it never did that before ! ’ ‘'Suppose you let me take it for a month or so , ’ said I ; ‘ it seems to be fond of me , and perhaps I can tame it . I never felt so little like killing any bird in my life . We may make something of its social qualities yet . ’ ‘'Very well , ’ answered the new customer . ‘ Keep it for a month . I 'll drop in now and then to see how its education is getting on . ’ ‘'You may hold me responsible for it , Sir , ’ I replied ; and the gentleman left my shop . ‘ All day the Flicker staid by me as I worked . Now it perched upon my shoulder , now on my head . At noon , when I opened my basket , it took lunch with me . When I whistled or sang , it listened until it caught the strain , and then put in some odd kind of an accompaniment . The compass and power of its voice was nothing remarkable , but the tone was as sweet as a wood-robin 's . I could not be enough astonished with the curious little creature . ‘ Still , every kind of animal takes to me naturally . I accounted for the previous wildness of the Flicker on the ground of mistaken management in the gentleman who owned it , and as a matter of professional pride , determined to make something of the bird , were it only to show , like your Sam Patch , Tryon , that some things can be done as well as others . When I went home in the evening I took the Flicker with me , and made it a nest in an old cigar-box on my mantel-piece . ‘ The next morning , when I awoke , the bird was perched above me on the scroll of the head-board ! Again I carried it down-town with me ; again I brought it up in the evening . After that it was my companion every where . You will hardly imagine how it could become better friends with me than it did immediately upon our introduction . Yet our acquaintance grew day by day , and with our acquaintance the little being 's intelligence . It had not been with me a fortnight before it knew its name . You may think it curious , perhaps unfeeling , but you know it was my only friend in the world , and in memory of the one who had lately held that place , I called it ‘ Brenta . ’ ‘'Brenta ! ’ I would say as I sat before my grate in the evening , and wherever the little creature might be , it would come flying to me with a joyful chirp , light on my finger , dance on the hearth-rug , eat out of my hand , or go through the pantomime of various emotions I had taught it . If I said , ‘ Be angry , Brenta , ’ it would scream , flap its wings , and fight the legs of the chair . ‘ Be sorry , Brenta , ’ and it would droop its little head , cower against my breast , and utter notes as plaintive as a tired child 's . ‘ By the time the month was up , it could do almost any thing but talk . Its owner , who , to his great delight , had paid it several visits during the progress of its education , now came to take it home . ‘'I have become very much attached to the little thing , ’ said I ; ‘ wo n't you let me buy it of you ? ’ ‘'You should have asked me that when I first brought it , ’ was his answer . ‘ You have made it too valuable for me to part with now . To show you how much I think it is worth , here is a ten-dollar piece for your services . ’ ‘ I took the money , feeling very much as if I were receiving the price of treason . ‘ If you ever change your mind , ’ said I , ‘ remember that I am always ready with a generous bid . ’ ‘ When we came to look for the Flicker , it was nowhere to be found . I could not believe it possible that it had heard and understood our conversation , but other hypothesis to account for its disappearance was not at hand . After hunting every nook and corner of the shop , I forced myself into the traitorous expedient of luring it by my own voice . ‘ Brenta ! ’ I called , and the poor creature instantly hopped out of my coat-pocket , climbed up to my shoulder , and nestled against my cheek . ‘'The little rascal ! ’ exclaimed the gentleman . ‘ I could willingly have knocked him down ! It was not until I had undertaken the business with my own hands that we could get the Flicker into the cage which the gentleman had brought with him . Even then , the poor thing continued clinging to my finger with claws which had to be loosened by force , and went out of my shop-door screaming piteously and beating itself against the bars of the cage . ‘ I had no heart for any thing the rest of the day . At night my room seemed lonelier than a dungeon . The very next morning , the owner of the bird came back with it in a terrible passion . ‘'You have been teaching the thing tricks ! ’ was his first exclamation . ‘'To be sure , said I mildly . ‘ Was n't that what you wished me to do ? ’ ‘'Wished you to do ? ’ To mope , and wail , and lie on the carpet like a dead chicken ? Never to sing a note or eat a morsel ? To peck at the hands that brought food , and — and —— ’ ‘'I am sure I cannot help it , Sir , if the bird has become attached to me , and mourns when away . ’ ‘'You ' ve taught the creature to do it ! Look at this finger , will you ! another piece taken clean out of it ! Piece , I say !— steak , I mean ! The bird 's a regular butcher ! Here , kill the creature directly , and have it stuffed for my cabinet by this day week . ’ ‘ And as he set down the cage on the counter , the Flicker , with a joyful cry , jumped to the wicker-door , and tried to pick a way out to me by its beak . ‘'There ! you see what you 've done ! Why do n't the wretch act so to me ? ’ ‘'I really can n't say , Sir . Perhaps because I 've had a great deal to do with birds , and naturally know how to manage them . ’ ‘'Well , I do n't care . Stuff the thing , and I shall be able to manage it then myself . ’ ‘'May I make you a repetition of my offer ? If you have n't a toucan in your collection , there is a very fine one I 'll give you for the Flicker , stuffed only last Saturday . Here 's a young pelican — a still rarer bird . Or how would you like a flamingo ? ’ ‘'Got ‘ em all , ’ replied the gentleman curtly . ‘ And if I had n't , I count the Flicker . Kill the thing , I say , and stuff it . ’ ‘ Just then the bird cast on me a glance as imploring as ever looked out of human eye . For a thousand dollars I could not have done the wrong . ‘'Really , Sir , ’ said I , ‘ I prefer not to take the job . I am very much attached to your bird . I cannot bear to kill it . ’ ‘ '' Pon my soul ! ’ he exclaimed , ‘ if that is n't pretty for a taxidermist ! I should suppose , to hear you talk , that you would faint at the sight of a dead sparrow ! Well , you can get your courage up to stuff the bird , I suppose ? As for the killing , I 'll do that myself . ’ ‘ As the man said this , he thrust his hand into the cage , and caught the Flicker by the wing . With a sharp cry , his victim struck him again on the finger , enraging him more than ever . He opened his pen-knife , pulled the bird out , drew the blade across its throat , and out of the cruel slash there poured , mingling with the blood , a bitter cry , like a woman 's . I heard it , and every drop of my own blood returned to my heart . He let the bird drop upon the counter : it gave one hop , tumbled over in my hand , and its eye-lids slid shut . ‘'This day week , remember , ’ said the man , and went out of the shop , wiping his knife . ‘ I took up the bird , laid it in my neck , and , I am not ashamed to say , cried over it . ‘ There are a good many things which may happen between now and this day week . I am not one of those people who regard every misfortune that occurs to an enemy the judgment of HEAVEN in their behalf . But I must say , that the event which occurred before that man 's week was out , always seemed to me a direct blow from Nemesis . He was a very passionate fellow ; subject to temporary fits of insanity . One of them came on in the morning while he was shaving , and he cut his own throat as he had the Flicker 's . ‘ When his estate was settled , nobody thought of the bird . I inclosed the ten dollars he had given me for its education in an anonymous note to his executors , simply stating that my conscience demanded it ; and having thus quieted that organ , kept the Flicker for myself . With a daguerreotype of Miss Brentnall 's , found among a parcel of papers labelled , ‘ To be burned up , ’ and upon which alone , of all the parcel , I could not persuade myself to execute her will , I put the stuffed bird by . When I was too lonely to dare to be utterly alone , I went to the trunk , where they were preserved and looked at them . III .— THE MARMOSET 'S CHAPTER . AFTER the loss of my second only friend , a painful change came over me . I had risen from the shock of Miss Brentnall 's death with an elasticity which surprised even myself . Partly for the reason that my constitution was better by several less months of anxiety , grief , and application to business . Partly because I felt assured that , as she said , we should some time or other meet again . ‘ When the Flicker died , I felt that this only thing hitherto left to love me , could never re ä ppear . The kind heart of the woman would beat again ; the kind heart of the bird no more forever . And strangely enough , the whole sorrow that I had passed through for Miss Brentnall 's loss revived , and I went about my day 's work bearing the weight of a two-fold melancholy . ‘ The first thing that the bird-fancying public knew — indeed almost the first thing I knew myself , so abstracted , so moody was I — a paragraph appeared in the morning papers , to the effect that the celebrated Taxidermist and Aviarian Professor , Orloff Ruricson , was about to close his business , and make a voyage to Europe , Asia and Africa , from which parts he hoped to return in two or three years , with a large and interesting collection of rare animals , to establish a Natural History Museum . ‘ I had caused the appearance of this notice myself ; but when I read it , felt quite as surprised by it as any body . In nerve and mind I was so worn out , that although thoroughly resolved to make the move , the consolidation of the purpose into such a fixed form shocked me . ‘ When the novelty of the idea passed off , I disposed of all my stock to various amateurs who knew me and had every disposition to help me by paying large prices . I put the thirty thousand dollars I was now worth into such a shape that I could get its increase in regular remittances ; packed the bird , the daguerreotype , and a small wardrobe , and took passage by barque for Genoa . ‘ At sun-rise one Monday morning , the barque 's yawl took me out to her anchorage . As I went up the ladder at the side , I heard an opera-air playing on board , and when I reached the deck , the first thing that met my eyes was an Italian grinder , with his organ and monkey . ‘'Is that man going the voyage with us ? ’ I asked the captain . ‘'Yes , Sir , ’ he replied ; ‘ but he sha n't play without permission after we get to sea . He 's a Genoese , who has made enough in this country to keep a fruit-stall in his own , and so he 's going home . ’ ‘ Home ! He had a home , and was going to it ! I would have handed him my bank-book — taken his monkey and organ — to be able to say that . ‘ As the tug hitched fast to us and we began walking down toward the Narrows , I crossed to the other side of the ship , that I might take a look at the fortunate man . ‘ Certainly , I said to myself , Fortune is blind . He had a home ; but he was one of the most ill-favored rascals I ever laid my eyes on . No body would have taken him for a Genoese — the New-Englander of Italy — rather for a Romanesque cut-throat , or a brigand of the mountain , who had found his stiletto or his carbine good for only the slowest kind of shilling and taken to the nimble six-pence of the hand-organ , on the principle that honesty was the best policy . You have seen a thousand pen-and-pencil pictures of the fellow , and need no description of him from me . ‘ As I stood beside him at the bulwarks , his monkey leapt upon me . ‘'Pardon , good gentleman , ’ said the Italian with an abject smirk , and gave a jerk to the chain that brought back the little animal flying . ‘'Never mind that , ’ said I ; ‘ let him come to me . I am fond of monkeys : I would like to look at him . ’ ‘'As it pleases , then , ’ replied the Italian , with another smirk , and loosed the chain again . ‘ Go , Beppo ! ’ ‘ Beppo needed no command , but jumped instantly upon my arm and laid his cheek upon my bosom . As I patted his head , I examined him curiously , and found him the most beautiful little monkey in the world . A Marmoset , with a great brown , tender eye like a gazelle 's ; a face which varied its expression constantly without ever degenerating into the brutal leer of the common ape ; a winning , confiding mien of head and hand that was human , childlike ; and a soft coronal of golden fur around his little skull , that added still more to his baby-like look , giving him the appearance of some mother 's favorite , dressed for a walk in a bonnet of down . I do n't know how I could have been guilty of the folly of becoming attached to the little fellow , after all the lessons of warning my life had taught me . But I did take a great fancy to him . Never a day passed during the whole voyage , in which he did not get many a tit-bit from my hands . He spent far more of the time with me than with his own master , and before long obeyed me with a hearty good nature , which he never thought of showing toward that musical brigand . ‘ One sunny afternoon , when we were three weeks out , the captain , the grinder and myself stood upon the forecastle-deck , trying to make out a sail just visible on the horizon ahead of us . As usual , Beppo was cutting his pranks about me . For a moment he would sit demurely on my shoulder and hold his tail to his eye in mimicry of the captain 's eye-glass . A second more , and he would be sitting in the fore-top . The next , and he came sliding down a halliard to his old perch . These antics interfered with our look-out , and I put my hand into my pocket to feel for something which might keep him still . Finding neither prune , nor nut , nor string , but only the purse which I always carried there , I drew it out and opened it , to look for a copper . As I committed this incautious act , I saw the eyes of the Italian cast a sidelong , sly glance at the gold that shone there , and I shut the clasp with an uncomfortable sense of having been very silly . At the same moment , he stole away , like a cat , to the fore-stays , and pretended to be more earnestly interested than any of us in the sail . ‘ The nights grew still warmer and warmer as we sailed on . The cabin became so close , that I ordered the steward to bring my mattress upon deck , and usually slept there under a shawl , unless we had rain . ‘ I had lain down at about half-past eleven , upon one night in particular , utterly fatigued , sick at heart , despairing . As the tall masts nodded past the stars — the stars rather than the masts seemed moving — and in my heart I believed that even heaven itself was not permanent ; that all things flickered and danced , and passed away as earthly hope had passed from my heart ; nothing was fixed , certain , and to be striven for . Finally , I only wished to sleep . ‘ Let me die this temporary death of slumber , ’ said I ; ‘ there is happiness therein , and therein only . ’ I was more of a Lord Byron at that instant ; more of a moral desperado ; less of a Thomas Carlyle , a Goethe , sanguine Yankee , who believes that the best way to get rid of misery is to suffer and work out , if you fall , always to fall on your feet and scramble out , than I had ever been in my life , Messrs. Tryon and Bonenfant ! So , said I , let me go to sleep . ‘ Would you believe it , that confounded little Beppo would not hear of such a thing ! Over my face this minute , over my legs the next ; now tumbling down on my breast from a line ; now , as the sailors say , working Tom Cox 's traverse , up one hatchway and down the other , past my side . ‘ I could not get a wink of sleep . I tossed and I tumbled ; I swore and I grumbled . I called Beppo to me , and for the first time without success . ‘ I was just about going after Luigi , his master , when I saw that person creeping to me in the shadow of the mizzen-mast . By the high cove of the after-hatch , I was quite hid from the stern , and the only person who happened to be there , the second mate , could see Luigi no more than me . ‘ At that instant the monkey gave me a tweak of the hair that nearly made me scream out , and then ran away noiselessly forward . Luigi crept on and on . As he drew nearer , I could perceive a stiletto in his hand . Its blade gleamed faintly now and then in the star-light , so indistinctly that at first it seemed like a trailing white ribbon . ‘ I did not believe his first intention was to kill me . That would have been absurd as well as cruel . So I lay still and let him come close . I feigned myself fast asleep and snored heavily . ‘ He knelt at my side , and holding the knife over my heart with one hand , felt with the other in my pocket . Still I slept away for dear life . He found the purse : drew it out with a slow , gentle motion , and crept forward again on his hands and knees , thanking his saints in a whisper . I was on his back before he could turn around . He was lithe , but he was feeble , and I had him pinioned , prone upon his face , with the purse in his hand and the thanksgiving in his mouth , while it was yet only half-changed to a curse . Thus I forced from him both the stiletto and the purse , and threw the one over-board at the same time that I returned the other to my pocket . Then I arose , and we stood up face to face . ‘'Shall I have you hanged at the yard-arm in half-an-hour ? ’ was my first question . ‘ The Italian looked me full in the face , his olive cheeks were like chalk , his lips quivered , but he did not speak . And then , as if suddenly understanding the cause of his failure , he ran forward to the fore-stay , where the marmoset was clinging and chattering . ‘ I hurried after him . Catching him by the shoulder , I whispered in his ear : ‘ If one hair of Beppo 's head is hurt , you are a dead man before you can say your prayers . You came after my money . You are a villain , but you shall have it — two gold pieces , ten dollars , at least — if you sell him to me on the spot . Is Beppo mine , on these conditions ? If he is n't , I will arouse the crew , and you shall dangle aloft before the next watch is set . Yes or no ? ’ ‘'You shall have the monkey , ’ replied the Italian , with another of his infernal smirks . ‘ You shall have him , but the gentleman will not find him good fortune . ’ ‘ The devil take you and your fortune ! If he brings me no better fortune than you deserve — and for the same reason — I shall wish , and not wait , to die . ’ So I brought the monkey aft , and made Luigi acknowledge him mine , while I counted out the ten dollars , in the presence of the second mate . ‘ After that night , warm as it might be , you will readily believe that I slept in the cabin . Beppo nestled by me , occupying as much of the berth as his little form required ; and I declare to you , that had he needed it all I would have given it to him , and stretched myself on the floor , so warm an affection had I for the creature who had saved my money : possibly my life . ‘ At that time , perhaps you will say because I was young and visionary , I often believed that Beppo knew what he had been the means of doing for me . At this day I shall be still insaner in your eyes , for I hold that he was not only the means , but the intentional agent . I must stop . I am forerunning my story . ‘ It was amazing how I improved as soon as I had something to love ! I became so strong , so hearty , that I was quite ashamed to think of having abandoned America for my health ; and meditated going back with the barque 's return voyage . Nothing but the presence on board of that cursed Luigi prevented my spirits from being better than since I could remember . ‘ We reached Genoa , and anchored in Quarantine . My trunk was on deck , and in all respects I was ready to go ashore . Already the infernal Italian had taken his seat in the health-officer 's boat ; and , with his elbow resting on his organ , looked up at me over the gunwale . Beppo , for very joy of seeing land again , had climbed clear to the main truck , and was chattering audibly as he whisked his tail . ‘'All ready , Beppo ! ’ I cried : ‘ come down , boy ! ’ ‘ In his haste at hearing my voice , as he tumbled head over heels down the main shrouds , for the first time in my life that I ever saw a monkey do such a thing , he missed his hold on a ratline , and tumbled into the water of the harbor . I sprang to the side , and called to the oarsmen of the boat : ‘'Save that monkey , and you shall have — whatever you ask ! ’ Fool ! I was talking English , and every man of them was an Italian ! A language I had some understanding of , but could not speak . ‘'What says the gentleman ? ’ asked one of the boat-crew , in his own tongue . ‘ And then I heard that olive-skinned brigand wretch , the organ-grinder , reply to the speaker : ‘ He says the beast who fell overboard is sick of the small-pox , and you must not touch him . ’ ‘ As he made this answer he turned around to me with one of his diabolical smirks , kissed his hand to me , spit at the drowning Beppo , then asked me blandly : ‘ Did I not tell the good gentleman his buying would be bad fortune ? Are we settled of accounts , good gentleman ? ’ ‘ I to hear this ! I to look over the side ; hear my last friend screaming his poor wordless agony ; see him look up at me with that supplicating child 's eye of his ; see him fighting the water despairingly with his little unlearned hands , then go down in a bubbling circle out of sight ; I who could not swim a stroke ! ‘ The captain , seeing my distress , humanely put his own boat after the poor creature . With the boat-hook a sailor brought him up after he had gone down for the last time . And thus they laid him on the deck at my feet . I lifted him up ; his child eyes were closed , and the golden crown of his fur lay matted and dripping over them . I tried to warm him in my bosom . I laid my hand on his heart : it had stopped . ‘ Beppo was dead . The Marmoset whom nature had given , only of all , to love the man ! ‘ And I went into Quarantine at Genoa , once more alone in the world . ’ ‘ Ciel ! and vat you do vith zat cursed Italian ? ’ ‘ I ? Nothing . Ten years afterward I saw him rowing in the galleys at Marseilles . He knew me ; I knew him . He smirked as of old , but with such very visible teeth that I was glad he was chained ; and passed on without even asking the overseer his crime . IV .— THE YOUNG MAIDEN 'S CHAPTER . ‘ MY wanderings , dating from the day I landed at Genoa , would fill with their narrative a book far larger than ‘ Livingstone 's Travels . ’ I journeyed over all the traversable regions of Africa ; in India I have been wherever the foot of the white man has trodden ; I spent a year and a half in China ; almost as long in Syria ; and I went every where over the continent of Europe . Then I passed six months in Sweden ; most of that time living at my native town , J ö np ö ping , until at last the sound of my mother 's tongue spoken by stranger mouths became absolutely unbearable to me , and I left the country never to return . I will see Great Britain , I said . No better place for that purpose , at least to begin with , than London . So I went there ; and , with all the curiosities I had collected in my vagabond life , opened a shop as Exhibitor and Taxidermist , in Piccadilly . ‘ By this time , you will perceive , I had quite abandoned my original idea of returning to America to open a museum . It takes no longer for the world in general ; or the world of New-York , to forget its largest man , than for a heaping measure of grain to close up the gap after a hand is withdrawn . And I was a long way from the conceit of fancying myself even a large man . Probably , I said to myself , there are a dozen in my place by this time . I will not go back to revive a name wiped out ; it is at least more entertaining to stay here and try chalking out a new one . If I fail , why , the remittances still come regularly . ‘ So up went the old sign on a fresh board : ‘ Orloff Ruricson , Taxidermist and Aviarian Professor . ’ In about three months from the opening of the establishment , the collection was a little more than self-supporting , and the Taxidermy throve at the rate of ten guineas a week . I got some favorable critiques in the Times ; some body called me the Minor Zoological Gardens ; and gradually my aviarianism came into play . Lord Crinkum consulted me about his Chinese pheasants , and Lord Crankum got my general views on fighting-cocks . The Honorable Miss Dingleton , like Mr. Pecksniff , only with more money to bestow on the object , thought she would like to see my ideas of a grotto . I gave it to her , and of course every alderman 's wife must have me fussing about her cobble-stones out in what she called a suburban willer . That 's the great beauty of art in England , looked at in the paying light ; the moment you 're so fortunate as to get a lord by the nose , you lead all Cockneydom whithersoever you will . It 's a country where every body shuts his eyes , and grabs the next bigger man by the coat-tail . So , on the whole , I got along . ’ ‘ That was all very well , looked at in the paying light , as you say , ’ interrupted John Tryon , ‘ but you must have been terribly lonely during the long winter evenings . Did n't you have any body to speak to : any body to love ? ’ ‘ Nobody . I had learned the misery of that by lessons enough , I should think . Even in the desert I never made a pet of my camel , and most people do that , to the extent , at least , of complimenting the lovely beast upon his patience . I had nothing to care for and cared for nothing . I was now thirty years old , you see , and had travelled . ‘ I had kept the shop in Piccadilly for a year . I stood one morning , at the expiration of that period , in a room of the back-shop , where I prepared specimens , and was consulted . My clerks had just taken down the shutters , and were chattering to each other behind the counter . I was pensive that morning , a mighty unusual thing for me , and their gabble disturbed me . I meditated calling out to them to be still , when the shop-door opened , the front-door looking on the street , and some one said : ‘'Please , Sir , can you give me any work ? ’ ‘ Good heavens ! I started to my feet , and yet seemed in such a dream that I could scarcely move them after I was erect . Who spoke ? It was a low , sweet , woman 's voice , the like whereof I had not heard for nine years ! Not that it was low , or sweet , or a woman 's ; not that it was all these together , but that it was the voice . ‘'Get out with you , beggar ! ’ answered the chattering clerks , with unanimous fierceness ; and I heard the front shop-door shut slowly , as by a tired , feeble hand . ‘ In a second more and she would be gone ; I should never see her again ! That thought awakened me , and gave wings to my feet . I dashed through the shop ; my clerks looking at me as if they thought I had suddenly gone mad . I jerked the door open , and saw a lithe girl 's figure moving wearily away among the hurrying crowd : her back toward me . ‘'Who asked for work ? ’ I called out aloud . Among the few that turned to look was this lithe figure . She turned hastily , anxiously , deprecatingly , and again I heard that wonderful voice . ‘'It was I , Sir . ’ ‘'Come into the shop , if you please . Let us talk about it . ’ ‘'You are not vexed with me , Sir ? ’ ‘ As the girl said this she cast her great brown eyes upon me so piteously , so helplessly , seeming so intensely to fear displeasure , yet so wistfully to beg help , that all at once there flashed before me the harbor of Genoa ! I saw it for an instant as distinctly as we now see the Kaaterskill Clove ; saw the villainous Italian smirking across his organ ; saw the glassy , shining waters of the Mediterranean ; and the drowning face of Beppo going down therein ; with those same eyes in it ! ‘'Vexed with you ? With you ? GOD knows I am not ! ’ was my first wild exclamation , as soon as this strange phantasmagoria passed by ; and I saw Piccadilly , and its crowd , and the slender girl , again , standing there uncared for , like myself , in the great ocean of London being . ‘'Come in , I say ! Come in ! For the love of GOD , come in ! ’ I continued passionately , reckless who heard me . ‘'Work , food , money , help , any thing , every thing ! I will give you all . ’ ‘ This I said beseechingly , yet neither this nor the passionate command did the girl , timid as she was , seem to regard as at all strange or out of place . She only came confidingly toward me , put her hand in mine , and I led her into the back-shop , while the chatterers stared . ‘ I bade her take off her faded bonnet , and sit down . As she obeyed , her golden brown hair caught on a pin in the bonnet behind ; its soft , well-grown mass lifted from her neck , and there I beheld , close where the brown joined the white , a small red crescent mark reaching almost from ear to ear ! ‘ I seemed to be wandering through a chain of dreams . I tried to speak , but in vain . To think , but as vainly . She disengaged the bonnet , and let it droop upon her shoulders . Her face , thus disclosed , was the most beautiful array of human features , flushed through by the light of the most beautiful human soul , I ever saw , or mused of , or believed in , in my life ! ‘ She sat in the chair opposite me . As for me , I gazed and gazed . Modestly inviting questions , she looked me frankly in the eyes ; and then , as in wonder that I did not speak , threw her head backward , and perused my face curiously . This posture elevated her chin . I was about to say something , but just then I saw under that chin another crimson mark , the slenderest of slender lines , as if the finest knife-point dipped in blood had been drawn clear across the throat by a nervous hand . I durst not say to myself what I was reminded of by that . Not even to think of it at all . I half-feared that I had become insane , rubbed my forehead , and kept repeating : ‘ Oh ! it is only her bonnet-strings tied too tightly , that is all ! ’ ‘ I would not trust myself with questioning her then . Not a word of any kind did I speak to her , except to say gently , that she might consider herself my apprentice in the art of bird-stuffing ; and that all her necessities should be provided for . ‘ I had a little bed made for her in the room of the old Yorkshire woman , who minded my solitary establishment for me . She was an orphan , so she said afterward ; and had walked all the way from the Stafford Potteries , where her only relative , an aunt , was just dead : hoping to find work in London , that might keep her from the street . She was eighteen years of age , and had never known father or mother . ‘ Once more I had a living creature to feel an interest in , to become attached to . Whatever was mysterious in her arrival , her appearance , or her voice , I dismissed from my mind as mere curious coincidences , at once too frivolous , too perplexing to be followed up . There was the real substantial fact : a girl without home or friends . Now what was to be done with her ? ‘ I settled that question gradually day by day . I taught her , in the daytime , to help me at my specimen-table ; in the evening , to read and write . The rapidity with which she caught by the right end , and made her own every new process , either of brain or fingers , was astonishing . She was my constant wonder and delight . So imitative yet so original ; so talented but so modest withal ; so bright and sportive , so docile and grateful ; she soon became my right hand and right eye in all I had to do . ‘ As soon as I had dressed her presentably , the clerks saw her superiority as they could not through old clothes , and did it unquestioning reverence . But for this reverence I verily believe they would have come in a body , and thrown themselves at her feet , entreating her to take her pick within the first month after she was domesticated with me . For they were all desperately in love with her : devouring her with their eyes as she went in and out among them so modestly and yet so loftily , like a queen in disguise . ‘ Well , I did not wonder ; I could forgive them . For , six months after she had entered my shop-door , the homeless wayfarer , I awoke to the fact that I was in love with her myself . For the first time in all the days of my manhood , did I know what it was to feel a woman wrought into the texture of my life , so that pulling her away seemed an endless pain to look forward to ; and before I knew that it had happened . And that combination of circumstances only , as I view it , is adequate to constitute love , on which marriage may be honorably founded . As soon as I knew that I loved Bessie Cartwright — that was her name — I began to torture myself with the question whether I ought to tell her of it yet . Whether , if I did so , her simple heart , out of mere gratefulness , would not instantly give itself up as a matter of debt and honor to the man whom she regarded only in the light of a benefactor . And I had rather have any thing happen than this , my own loneliness till I died even , than this , so galling to me if I discovered it when it was too late , so ruinous to every thing that was best in her young growing womanhood . ‘ As in the old days , it was my custom still to look at the memorials of my lost friends , when times went hard with me , and my spirits fell . So , one evening , after I had been musing painfully in my room for a couple of hours , I took from my battered old trunk Miss Brentnall 's portrait , the Flicker , and the Marmoset , which I had embalmed after his death in the harbor of Genoa . ‘ I ranged them on my table , and with a feeling of mournful pleasure gazed from one to the other , dwelling upon all the past which they recalled . ‘ As I sat thus employed , I heard Bessie 's tap at the door ; I called , ‘ Come in ! ’ and she entered , with her reading-book for the evening 's lesson . Seeing the unusual array upon my table , she asked me : ‘ What ! working still ? ’ ‘'No ; not working , Bessie , ’ I replied ; ‘ thinking . ’ ‘'May I see who that is ? ’ said she artlessly , pointing to the daguerreotype . ‘'Oh ! certainly . Though you must not laugh at it . It is a very homely lady , but a very good one ; and , while she lived , my dearest friend . ’ So I handed it to her . ‘ She bent her brown head down to the shaded drop-light on my table , and held the portrait close to it . I watched her to see the effect of that strange world-wronged face on the beautiful , Heaven-favored one . ‘ I saw Bessie Cartwright grow pale as death ! Her eyes became fixed like a cataleptic person 's . But her head moved , from the portrait to the Flicker , from the Flicker to the Marmoset . The portrait fell from her hand , she grasped hurriedly at the table , and then fell to the floor . ‘'Dead : dead like the rest ! ’ said I , with a fierce coldness ; ‘ and because I have loved her . ’ ‘ I pulled the shade from the drop-light , and drew it to the edge of the table , so that the light fell full on the prostrate girl . I called her by name , and got no answer . I loosened her dress , and in doing so pushed the heavy knot of her brown hair away from her neck . That scarlet crescent glowed there in the midst of the marble whiteness , like a flame ! ‘ I turned her upon her back , and beneath her chin saw the slender crimson line , burning also brighter than ever , while all the throat was deadly pale . ‘ Bessie ! Bessie ! speak to me once , only once more . ’ I spoke passionately at her ear . ‘ Still no answer . I looked in agony at the dead things which had once been mine ; saw plainest of all the Flicker ; and again that strange suspicion which I had felt the first day I ever saw the girl , awoke in my brain . ‘ I bent my mouth to her ear , and softly said : ‘ Brenta ! ’ At that instant her great dark eyes opened , she read my face wistfully , and then her lips murmured : ‘'Orloff , dear Orloff ! I told you I would meet you again ; I have kept my word . ’ ‘ It was the voice that became silent ten years before in the sick-room next my own ! ‘'Miss Brentnall ! ’ I exclaimed , not knowing what I said . ‘'Orloff , dear Orloff ! ’ replied the voice , once more from the lips of Bessie Cartwright . ‘ And then the blood came rushing back to the young girl 's face . Timidly she sat up , passed her hand across her eyes , and said faintly : ‘'Oh ! I have had such a dream ! ’ ‘'What was it , dear child ? ’ I asked . ‘'I thought that picture you showed me was I . Then I felt myself dying . You were by me till all the room grew dark . I hardly remember what came then ; but I have had , oh ! so many strange thoughts , and been in so many strange places ! I thought I was killed with a little knife : I was on the sea ; I was close by a great town that rose from the water 's side ; I was drowning : then I was myself again in the old dress I wore when I came to you ; then I seemed to be all things at once , and you called me a name I had heard before , when I lay in the bed dying ; and oh ! forgive me , Sir , I called you by your Christian name , Orloff , dear Orloff ! I said , do forgive me : I will never do it again . ’ ‘'You must do something else than that , ’ said I , no longer awe-stricken and trembling , for in a moment the mystery of my life had parted like a fog , and I saw its meaning beyond in the clearest of heaven 's twilight . ‘ Something else than that , Bessie . You must never call me by any other name than dear Orloff ! Can you call me that ? For I love you : GOD only knows how I love you . Can you ? ’ ‘ The girl looked at me with parted lips ; caught her breath quickly ; hid her face in my bosom ; and once more after all those years the beloved voice , knowing what it said , replied : ‘'Orloff , dear Orloff . ’ ‘ Bessie Cartwright is my wife . Not until years afterward did I tell her the meaning of her dream ; nor how through lives and deaths she had followed me to save and claim her own . She knows it now ; we both keep it for the grateful wonder of our prayers ; a mystery like all mysteries had we but the key , with its grand , beneficent meaning , unmeaning , contemptible only to those who read it wrong or not at all . ’ ‘ And you do mean to tell to me zat ze beautiful lady you have now espouse , be vonce in ze body of ze vare ugly woman , ze red-head bird vat you call him , and ze marmosette ; you mean to say to me zat ? ’ ‘ I 'd like to ask that question too , ’ said John Tryon . ‘ I mean to tell you both , ’ answered Orloff Ruricson , ‘ that you can put your own interpretation on my facts . Also , that if you ever break our confidence in telling my history with its proper names , then good-by to your friendship with Orloff Ruricson . ’ I have been permitted to state the facts without the names . Let me also be permitted to state them without my interpretation . THE LITTLE PEASANT . A STATUE BY PALMER , OF ALBANY . BY R. S. CHILTON . UNSTRUNG by her heart 's first sorrow , In the dawn of her life she stands , With listless fingers holding A vacant nest in her hands . The grass at her feet no longer Is bright with the light of the skies , As downward she looks through the tear-drops That stand in her heaven-blue eyes . For the nest , so cold and forsaken , Has taught her the lesson to-day , That the dearest of earthly treasures Have wings , and can fly away . Yet she clings to the empty casket , And sighs that no more is left , As a mother clings to the cradle Of its dimpled treasure bereft . Alas ! for the early shadows That fall about our way , When the beautiful light has vanished , And the hill-tops are cold and gray . FAUNTLEROY VERRIAN 'S FATE . BY HARRIET E. PRESCOTT . I . “ SWEET music has been heard In many places ; some has been upstirred From out its crystal dwelling in a lake , By a swan 's ebon bill ; from a thick brake , Nested and quiet in a valley mild , Bubbles a pipe ; fine sounds are floating wild About the earth . ” IN an old sea-board town , once famous from its commerce and fisheries , lived a boy , who , as his mother told her gossip , had a good talent for music . Over his adopted place the salt winds blew ; beside it , a river rolled its murmurous , mountain-born waters ; behind it , green woods forever rustled . A poet still blows his bugle-notes across the three streams that braid its garment in silver ; a painter has left there the shadow of cherubs cleaving the clouds ; but till Fauntleroy Verrian came , music had owned there no apostle . The name that he wore had been his father 's , and seemed sufficient , in itself , to prove him of gentle blood — the father , of whom no one knew much , who had married his mother against the wish of her friends , and who one day went out , having kissed his young wife , and never returned . She hoped , at last , that he was dead ; but something in her heart assured her that he would one day meet the son whom he had never seen . And later , as that son matured , she remembered strange stories once read by her , where demon or Afrite , in the guise and mask of most dark and fascinating manhood , has espoused such lady as he chose ; and she trembled with half a fear lest the father of Fauntleroy might be such an one , and traced with terror the growing likeness there , remembering her brief period of passion and delight . But name and face were not the only gifts that the child inherited from his father . For a time the mother remained in the town where her husband had left her , lest some day he might come to find her , and fail ; but the impression of the past , instead of wearing off , daily cut deeper into her soul , and at length the perpetual remembrance grew too painful . Thus , although in this place she procured sufficiently genial occupation in teaching , exertion being necessary , since part of her little store had been deposited in some unknown quarter , she nevertheless chose to remove to another spot ; and now all alone in the world , but for her child , she labored fitfully at her needle . So she lived in the small house by the water-side , owning it herself , and renting the larger half . All things were auspicious to the youth of this boy , though nothing seemed so . His mother was , it appeared , a widow , and therefore he encountered few but the gentle influences of feminine culture . She was poor , and poverty is a discipline . She had received , of course , an education beyond her present station , and poured it lavishly into his thirsty mind . When he numbered fourteen years , she died , and a loneliness befell him which is the crown of genius , and out of which marvellous jewels may be plucked .— Very early in his life , he had manifested an ardent love of the art to which subsequently he devoted himself . Before he spoke , he sang his own lullabies ; when he first went alone , his mother lost him all one summer 's day , and he was found only at moon-rise , fast asleep beside a fence , whither , bare-footed , bare-headed , and all day without food , he had followed the band of a street company , still repeating in his pretty sleep parts of the tunes they had lent him . He was scarcely older , when two tickets for a rare concert ( in a day when concerts were like rain in the desert ) were given to his mother , and the poor seamstress , who could neither leave her child nor resign the pleasure , took him with her as a protector . The gay lights , the brilliant toilettes and bouquets , the chandelier swinging all its waxen flames in the glitter of ormulu and prismatic pendents , the laughing and commotion previous to the opening , these filled the child with strange exhilaration , so that he danced upon the seat , repeatedly embraced his mother , and sung to her once or twice , in a low caressing voice , a few notes of his choicest remembrance . But when the musicians had spread their magical pages before them , and , out of a wilderness of sweet sounds , his childish ear drew the measure and melody of one air , his transport knew no bounds . The music was not of a difficult order , nor did it require a great effort of comprehension ; yet , while one child , who had been taken that the effect upon him might be observed , whispered dismally , ‘ What a yacket ! ’ Fauntleroy stood with his clasped hands hanging before him , his head bent forward , and his little face bathed in tears . The last piece was a fantasia upon several of the exquisite waltzes of Beethoven : during the performance one of the sheets fluttered from the stage to the floor , and lay there unnoticed ; at the conclusion , as they stepped into the aisle , it caught the child 's eye , and , springing forward , he seized it . The strange characters enchanted him , he followed them along with his finger ; of their meaning he was , of course , ignorant ; but they had some connection with the passing splendor , they were akin to the music that had brimmed his childish soul , they were precious to those gods upon the stage , and so he made a theft of them ; or rather , one should say , bore them off calmly , as if by his own right and possession . His letters he found it difficult to conquer , but day after day he sat in the sun , poring over the stolen sheet , singing the air as he recalled it , dividing it first into parts , and then into distinct sounds , until , if he had been conscious of the fact , he had almost literally deciphered the meaning of those quaint emblems . Hornbook and catechism retired before them , for to those worthies he had given but an inconsiderable portion of his acquaintance . At the completion of his sixth year , there came a memorable day to Fauntleroy Verrian . He was no longer to remain with the other lodger during Sabbath mornings of perfect calm , that breathed of woods and brooks and dewy winds , and brought to him vague sensations of distant and unknown delights ; but jacket and trowsers lay , one sunrise , by his bedside , and he was promoted , not only to the dignity of breeches , but to that other goal of his desires , to see clouds of music , laden with all gorgeous imaginings , blown from the great golden organ-pipes ; to go , morning and afternoon , to church . Through the quiet prime , he discoursed of this anticipation to his mother , and she , with maternal wont , did her best to check it , telling him , not the choir , but the preacher , and the sweet voice of the prayers , should draw him there , where she took him not to delight his ear but to save his soul . Fauntleroy had thought his soul safe enough , if he took it round with him , and did not understand his mother 's dogmas . ‘ I know , ’ he answered , when she tried to elicit his ideas of immortal things , ‘ that GOD holds me in my sleep , and makes the ocean cry so in the night , and all the winds whistle and clap their wings when the dark comes , because you told me , and I always thank HIM in my prayers , mother . I wish , sometimes , HE had made a field for me , with flowers in it ; but I suppose there is one growing against I am a man . ’ ‘ But , in all this , ’ said his mother , ‘ you think too much of yourself , and very little of GOD . ’ ‘ Mother , I love GOD with all my heart , ’ he replied ; ‘ but when I say it , somehow I feel like a bird , and sing it . ’ His mother 's seat at church commanded a view of the choir , and here , regardless of every thing else , Fauntleroy remained , his eyes fixed on the loft , and his ears expectant of the moment when the great crypt of silent sound should open its gates , and send forth its winged worshipping ghosts . At last , through the vestry-door , stole the white-robed priest , and a hush reigned in the assembled congregation . As the first hum stole over their heads , like the breath of a wandering wind , slowly flanking itself with allies of massive chords , and winding into vast volumes of involved harmonies , the boy sat rapt in a seraphic trance . No motion marred the marble-like repose , his shadow never quivered , and , but for the blood that bounded up and down the cheek , one could have dreamed him transmuted into some delicate sculpture . At length , the little statue gave a sigh , the lashes fell and hid the starry eyes , and he covered his face with his hands . In the confession , a slight motion did not disturb his mother , but when , on rising , he was not to be seen in the pew , she knew he had gone to seek an ascent to the idol , where she soon caught sight of the dark little head , as its owner sat perched on a stool beside the organist . The service over , the mother remains in the pew , with a mouthful of reproofs for the truant ; but he still lingers in the loft . ‘ Well , what is it ? ’ asks the organist , amused at the unceremonious freedom of the visitor . ‘ Would you be so kind , ’ asks the latter , with much sweetness , but no fear , ‘ as to let me put my fingers on the music ? ’ ‘ On the keys ? With pleasure . ’ The child extends his hands , and lays them on the polished ice , although extracting no murmur . ‘ Well , what do they say to you , the sirens ? What do they tell you ? ’ ‘ O Sir ! all sweet things ! ’ ‘ Do they , little enthusiast ? And , if they say so much without sound , what do they say when their lips move ? ’ The child lifts his hands from the keys , crosses them behind him , and says imperiously : ‘ Play ! ’ The man obeys , and evolves a slow movement from Cherubini . If the composer 's soul never mirrored the extremest depths of Nature , or if the present performer has in his own soul no complete expression for the strain , there is yet enough . The child 's eyes sparkle over cheeks whiter than snow , his quivering lips part , he shivers at each roll of harmony , he stands with self-forgetful , outstretched hands , and , as it closes , every pulse thrills beneath the surge of the silver thunders . He had found that day a new revelation , and unconsciously to himself had learned that in the organ — ‘ great omnipotence of sound ’ — was slumbering all the delight and purpose of his life . His mother had often taken him with her , when calling on an elderly lady who lived a few streets higher than herself , the town sloping up from the river ; and during these visits he had amused himself with an old English piano that stood , neglected and forlorn , on very slender legs , in a corner of the room . Round the edges , ivory had once been damaskeened in the notes of an air in vogue at the time of its construction ; but they , together with the harp of St. Cecilia , elaborately let into the centre of the lid , had long been yellow as gold . Opened , it displayed the delightful mysteries of the black and white key-board . But alas ! what different sounds issued thence ; what tormented sprites shrieked in short pain from the shrunken wires , and how many others refused to answer his summons at all . Just over it was a small window , which Fauntleroy incidentally noticed to be destitute of fastening . A few weeks after his first attendance at church , he learned from his mother that this neighbor was dead , and that the house would be closed until her heirs , who were foreign , should send an agent from Europe , preparatory to the settlement of her affairs , and the sale of household stuff . During these weeks , his mother had been greatly harassed by her son 's evident propensity to music , for though he now learned and digested whatever was set before him , all his avidity was manifested in the former direction . In despair of his ever becoming a useful member of society , she took from him the precious sheet of Beethoven , forbade him to speak on the subject of his predilection , broke in pieces and consumed the violin left behind by his father , and , above all , commanded him never to approach the piano at the old lady 's house , and , finally , since she saw the restless longings of the little face at every visit , ceased to go there at all herself . At last , when Fauntleroy heard the announcement , he resolved to attain the mastery of that valueless old piano , and revolved a thousand schemes by which his object could be effected . Music drew him as a magnet draws a needle ; resistance never occurred to him , but concealment was absolutely necessary . The more his mother opposed , the more she pushed him forward : with a pertinacity equal to her own , Fauntleroy followed his bent . On his way home from school , he passed the deserted house , even opened the little gate , and took a quick but satisfactory survey of the premises , and as hasty a resolution . That night at tea-time , his share was taken away untouched , he went early to bed , but not to sleep , frequently calling on his mother to put by her work . It seemed as if the evening would never end , while he tossed impatiently about , yet entertaining myriad fantastic presences , and marshaling an ever-shifting procession of varied song . At length his mother lay down by his side , and the candle was extinguished . Soon the regular breathing of the tired needle-woman announced her sleep , and her treacherous little boy slipped down the other side , silently donned his clothes , and stole from the house into the mid-night street , leaving the door and his mother at the mercy of the open bolt . Up the long street he ran till out of hearing distance , past the churchyard like a spirit , and over the garden-wall . He stopped at last on the moss-grown flags of the garden-walk to look about him . The softest brilliancy of a June moon , but two hours high , flooded all the nodding boughs with a silver frosting ; the althea and flox and narcissi dropped their heads , heavy with dew , and spread their untrained fragrance on the sweet , cool wind — the wind that wandered in and out the darker green glooms of the aromatic alleys , and was the only stirring thing beside himself . How free he was , and how glorious such liberty ! He hardly believed that another soul in the world was up and in a garden at this hour . The garden , which had been his admiration all his summers , with its beds of pansies and violets , and its great swinging boughs of juiciest fruit , down whose walks he had timidly stepped with dainty delight , this garden was now his own dominion , as much his as ever it had been any bee 's ; the people who owned it slept and forgot it , and cancelled their right in oblivion ; any one of the flowers he could pluck if he chose . The universal hush and peace waited upon him . Truly he was Lord of the Night . At least , without having been stated in words to himself , this was the sum and meaning of his sensations . But when the first bloom of his midnight experience wore away , he remembered the piano , and sought the window that opened behind it . It was almost higher than he could reach , but by dint of an arbor-seat , which , inch by inch , the little burglar dragged along , he raised himself to a sufficient height . A sweet-brier climbed round this window , and , in feeling for the sash , the thorns tore and scratched his hands . When found , all his strength could not raise it . He hesitated a little while , and then took a big stone , deliberately broke through the space of two panes , inserted his head and arm , and drew himself through . In a moment , the mystic instrument was open and tinkling outrageously beneath his empiric hands . To his horror , this was not the music he wanted , and the connection between each separate key and the characters on his excommunicated sheet suddenly flashed upon him . Solving the riddle with a patience most wonderful , he sat working in the slowly-wheeling moonlight until the clock of the opposite church struck three : still delaying , minute after minute , till the last quarter warned him how near the day might be , he hastily closed the lid , and retreated as he had entered . Passing the graves , this time he was hardly so fearless , but scampered down the gray street at full speed . Nevertheless an unutterable satisfaction filled him , and noiselessly securing the door , he crept up the stair , tore off his clothes , and slipped into bed again , silently giving a little prayer of thanks that he had succeeded in his naughtiness . Having the first time accomplished so much , he on the next night lost no sleep , but woke when his mother retired , and again , when she slept , escaped . A half-dozen nights , while the moon lasted , the child continued his excursions , but at length was obliged to cease for want of the friendly light . During the intervening space , he employed himself in running errands and gathering sixpences , till he had amassed a sum sufficient for the purchase of strings , which , in his search through the mechanism of the instrument , he had found requisite . One sunset he returned with them in his pocket , carefully secreted among peg-top , white ally , whittlings and ginger-bread , and great was his joy when the thin crescent of the new moon lay above a long orange cloud , but equally great his sorrow to see the slender boat float down the lucid currents of the west , and leave no sign . A few nights more , however , and she was again his leaguer , fortified and re ï nforced by certain candles pillaged from his mother 's scanty store . Meanwhile he had lost no time for ingratiating himself with the church organist , had not suffered a day to pass without seeing him , had beset him with flocks of questions , had received hints and instructions that seemed to him as comprehensive as a library , and had , as he soon found , acquired , in this interval of rest , real knowledge and satisfactory progress . The June passed into the harvest moon , October began to array herself in all the beautiful decadence of the year , and still his new pleasure had not palled upon Fauntleroy . He had repaired to the best of his ability the injuries time had wrought on this mine of enjoyment , had tuned it according to his inventive skill , and , when in the latter business strength failed , had resorted to a thousand expedients , had contrived infantile levers and screws , and , at one time , had even secured the refractory subject by a cord to the jambs across the room , thinking that being thoroughly wetted it would contract , as he had seen his mother 's clothes-line do , and draw the tone to the required pitch . And although I doubt if by these methods he effected much , still he met with a certain success that sufficed , and they were excellent schemes of instruction . Remembering as he did , every line and mark of his one-paged volume of Beethoven , he had compared with it what every hour over the instrument taught him , and having obtained a book of tunes from the organ-desk at church , together with much more assistance from the friend there , had found his knowledge to be perfectly accurate if small , and that from these notes he could produce , though in how much less degree ! the same melodies that enraptured him on Sabbaths . Moreover , so much attained , he now by practice became to a great extent master of difficulties to which most pupils yield , and of a convenient if not always elegant style , in which his little fingers would twinkle over the keys at some prestissimo , or slowly oar along through what seemed to him a sea of solemn harmony . Such frequent loss of sleep , as might be expected , soon showed its results in the boy . Languid and pale during day-light , with large purple shadows beneath his eyes , thin and without appetite , yet animated by a constant liveliness of mind , joyous and over-flowing with inner happiness , he grew the subject of his mother 's tenderest anxieties , and often in her sleep she turned to take the truant into her bosom . Once or twice not touching him in her drowsiness , his absence did not occur to her , but another time she started up filled with keen alarm , as he closed the street-door . Her quick call was smothered in affright . It was the work of an instant to gather a few garments and follow him just as he turned the corner of the street . Never dreaming of looking behind him , Fauntleroy hurried on , scaled the wall , and for the last time entered his sanctuary . His mother , less nimble , toiled up the hill , and , despairing at the wall , ran round to the gate . In the tremor that ruled her , she found it locked , and succeeded only , after several minutes , in remembering a broken part of the inclosure . Here she effected an entrance , but Fauntleroy was no where to be seen . Down one aisle and up another , across grassy plots and weed-choked flower-beds she ran breathlessly , and perhaps had not found him to this day , if a thought of the old piano had not struck her simultaneously with its sound . With suddenly-illumined thoughts she turned to the window whither the thread of music led her , and bending from one side , looked in . There was the dark , old-fashioned book-case , filling one side of the room from floor to ceiling , with a white bust of some irate Apollo in a niche of the arched carving , like a crown ; the curtains swept apart for all the light the night could give ; the buffet yielding a sidelong gleam , half drowned in shade , of silver and glass and gorgeously-flowered china ; the chancel-chairs and velvet-covered table ; and the mysterious portrait above the chimney-piece , that gathered all the spare light into itself and leaned from the dingy frame a pale , witch-like face , in a net of golden hair . All this his mother received at a glance , although that glance lighted instantly on her child , where he sat rapt in a softly-improvised welcome to his Egeria . So motionless was he , with uplifted eyes in the clear moon-light that streamed upon and over him into the room , that she half-feared him to be in a somnambulic state . Yet those violet eyes , so dark , so lustrous , wore no fixed stare , nor any trace of sleep ; they were rather filled with spirit , brimmed with the wakefulness of life , and the heavenly dream of music alone overshadowed the transfigured face . The mother felt this as she gazed , and hung on the sweetness that his fingers drew into the air . Did ever any one do so beautifully , she thought ; and , as if to mock her , a golden robin stirred in his nest and trilled his mid-night song , as full of joy as the whippowil 's of sorrow . As Fauntleroy 's fancy lightened from the theme he followed , his eye pursued a cloud across the sky , and falling , lay upon his mother 's face . He ceased a moment in terrible dismay , then starting to his feet , looked back at the portrait on the wall , lest she had stolen out of her frame , mastered by all the charm of the old house . But as quietly as ever , in the Greek cap of vivid scarlet and gold zequins falling from her hair , she looked through her prison-door . Again his fascinated eyes sprung back to the white face pressed against the vacant panes . It was all quicker than thought , and hardly a minute had elapsed when he comprehended it . If his mother had been Solomon , he would have expected summary chastisement ; as it was , he resumed his seat and played with his best execution the very piece upon which she had laid her ban . He fancied himself to have accomplished a fine revenge , but silly child ! his mother no more understood his meaning than did the portrait , for of the identity between what he played and what the sheet contained his unskilled senses were ignorant . Hardly had he struck the closing chord , when the door behind him opened , and a tall gentleman , in flowing robes and with long , dark hair , entered , bearing a light , which the draught at once extinguished . ‘ What does this mean ? ’ he asked in apparent amazement , first of the child and then of the white face beyond . The mother pushed up the sash . ‘ Sir , ’ she cried , ‘ he is my son ; and having been forbidden by me , when Madame Fardeau was living , to touch this piano , has escaped from me in the night ! Send him here to me , I implore you . ’ ‘ Is this so ? ’ asked the stranger doubtingly , and with that strange manner which , however perfectly one speaks the tongue , always indicates the foreigner . ‘ Yes , it is so ! ’ answered Fauntleroy stoutly , as his mother 's words were impugned . ‘ Mother never knew of my coming till to-night ; and where 's the harm ? ’ ‘ You have been here before , then ? ’ ‘ Oh ! yes , ’ answered Fauntleroy , into whose nature there had not been instilled sufficient awe of any one to make it seem to him worth while to tell a lie . ‘ Several times ? ’ ‘ Several times . ’ ‘ When did you first come ? ’ ‘ Oh ! a great while ago ; a great many years , I should think . ’ ‘ A great many years , Fauntleroy ! ’ exclaimed his mother , while the gentleman moved uneasily as she spoke . ‘ Madame Fardeau has not been dead a great many years . You are not a great many years old ! ’ ‘ Why , mother , the little lilies were in bloom , the first time . ’ ‘ And that was in June , Sir , ’ she said , half-laughingly , and appealing to the stranger . ‘'Well , well , you make too much noise to be about a bad business . So you like this tinkling cymbal ? ’ ‘ Sir — so much ! ’ ‘ Who taught you to play ? ’ ‘ I do not yet play ; but I shall . ’ ‘ That does not answer my question . Have you had a teacher ? ’ ‘ No . ’ The gentleman stooped and examined the piano . ‘ Who keeps your instrument in order ? ’ he asked with a comical shrug . ‘ I do . ’ It was all like a dream to Fauntleroy , and which was real , which false , he could not tell ; suddenly two hands seized his waist , swung him through the casement to his mother . ‘ See , little monkey , ’ said the great black-bearded face close to his own , while the cheery laugh rung in his terrified ear like a booming bell , ‘ I shall set a trap here to-morrow . Good night ! ’ and he abruptly closed the sash . Fauntleroy felt as if he had just fallen out of bed , and expecting that the next minute would reveal the falsehood of so long and so delightful a hallucination , was yet farther surprised when his mother took his hand and led him home without a word . She was trembling in every nerve herself , she did not cease throwing a frightened glance over her shoulder as they walked , and she seemed unable to recal her thoughts from the region to which they had strayed . ‘ Naughty child , ’ said she at last with tears , as she sat once more in the little bed-chamber ; ‘ cruel boy , to occasion me such trouble ! ’ ‘ Mother , did n't you like to hear me play ? ’ ‘ You played well ; but you have stolen it all . ’ ‘ No one else has lost it . ’ ‘ Fauntleroy , I would rather you had never played a note than to have deceived me so . ’ ‘ Did you hear the piece you took away from me ? ’ ‘ Are you going to increase your disobedience by dishonesty ? Have you been at my trunk ? Have you unlocked that , and got it ? ’ ‘ Pooh ! no . I remembered that . ’ ‘ I wish you would learn your multiplication-table as easily . ’ ‘ Sixteen times sixteen are two hundred and fifty-six , and that 's as far as the table goes ! ’ ‘ You are in high glee to-night . Does it make you happy to be wicked ? ’ ‘ O mother ! not to be wicked ! but to be up , to have been out , to have seen my beauty , and oh ! I never shall see her any more , I never can go there again ! ’ and bursting into tears , he went crying to bed and sobbing to sleep . The next day , when the mournful Fauntleroy returned at night from school , there stood in his mother 's small sitting-room the beloved piano , a roll of old and invaluable musical MSS . upon it , and an envelope containing a sum of money , with directions that it should be employed in paying a teacher for Master Fauntleroy Verrian . The mother entering soon from an unusual day 's work abroad — for she was assisting at a trousseau — first looked about her in amaze , and then hung long above the writing on the envelope , holding it to the light , and trying it by a thousand whims . ‘ Yes , ’ she murmured at length , ‘ with all the false color of hair and beard , with all the disguised tones and hidden pen-strokes , he is unchanged . This is he , and strange it is that my heart does not break . Of what , of what can I be made ? How hard that heart must be ; for my love is as utterly extinct as his . ’ Nevertheless , she hurried on shawl and hood again , and returned to the house from which she had lately issued . She never had occasion to seek it again , for the trousseau upon which she had worked , was from that evening abandoned . For two or three days the money lay untouched , the music unrolled , the piano unopened . At their close his mother extracted the confession , that if he had been dishonest he was ‘ making up for it , ’ and that he would show her how well he could deny himself . At the end of another week , during which the donor had settled his affairs and departed , as she heard , she engaged a music-teacher , herself displayed the crabbed manuscript , opened the piano , and placed him before it . ‘ You have my leave , dear , ’ she said , and with a sigh perhaps , resigned the laudable intention which all American mothers are supposed to entertain , of making him on one day President of the Republic ; for the fine arts , as we all know , are not the road to that distinction . ‘ Mother , ’ said Fauntleroy , a few days afterward , ‘ I never shall enjoy my music the way I did when it was , as you say , stolen . ’ There was little for his teacher to correct in what he had previously gained , and at every lesson he astonished and outstripped her . Finally she buried him in the intricacies of the science till it became clear and glorious as the firmament , and reflected back to him the features of his own mind like the brazen sea of the Temple crowned at the brim with flowers of lilies . The gradual opening of the child 's genius gave his mother a great awe ; with that she dared no longer interfere , but in the moral part of his character he was , she saw , fearfully deficient . He met all her arguments with an unconscious sophistry , and was almost incapable of distinguishing right from wrong . The creature of impulse , she declared it providential that all his impulses were good . As time passed , Fauntleroy 's supple fingers gathered strength , and he was pronounced equal to the anticipation of his life . To be a great performer on any instrument , or to create fresh forms for any or all instruments to unfold , did not at that time belong to his visions ; he only desired to live for and in music , however humbly , and to serve it entirely . It was not , meantime , so easy a task to obtain an opportunity for this exercise . Wealthy committees of wealthy churches declined affording his genius the assistance ; had they willed it , they might have ministered to the heavenly visitant , but unwilling , he was nevertheless not to lose his service . At last the organ of a poorer church , fine and powerful for its size , was placed at his disposal , and he entered with the years of childhood upon the career of a man . Frequently , after becoming accustomed , he played for the usual organist of his place : his performances being so excellent that ungodly crowds flocked to hear them ; and on the departure of his first friend from the church which his mother attended , he was invited to fill his place , at a salary which , far too small as it was , was a fabulous amount to the boy and his mother . Thus he grew . His teacher had no more to impart ; if it were possible , he had exhausted the MSS . with which he had been so unexpectedly enriched : he had finished fourteen years , and his mother died . Slowly and imperceptibly , yet with the sureness of fate , she had drooped and wearied from the day , eight years since , in which she had abandoned her son to his determination ; and without ever knowing that it was so , Fauntleroy watched his mother fade away before his eyes . Had he been an ordinary person , the re ä ction would now inevitably have come . But the grief that so suddenly overwhelmed him only goaded to farther effort , and in almost unbroken seclusion he turned himself partially to a more general study , pursued with no less ardor or success . Nothing that he attempted seemed to require an effort , or rather the effort he saw fit to put forth always covered the attempt , and thus in time his learning became more than liberal . Again then he returned to his chosen pursuit , and day after day he sat in the old church alone , except for his single attendant , pouring forth melodies , and teaching the echoes of the place such resonances as they had never breathed before . There was at no great distance from the church a school , the tumult of whose greetings and recesses reached the young organist in a murmur , as he sat studying black tomes in the sheltered choir . Often through the blush of sunrise he passed its neat grounds , and its bells broke in upon his sweetest reveries . The boy grows as he dreams , and Fauntleroy was already gathering a look into his face that did not belong to the child . Up the gallery-stairs now , unperceived by him , stole every day a little girl — pale , though not from lack of health , and elegantly clad — who sat upon the upper step and listened to his music . When the bell struck she would hasten down , as frequently taking the balustrade for her method of conveyance as any other . Time increasing , she became more daring , and stole on tip-toe round the organ , though never obtaining a view of the performer 's face , and never caring to do so . Sometimes now the stroke of the bell was disregarded by her , and until some motion of the organist surprised her , she sat listening through the warm noons to his necromancy ; the long roll of the sound made her tremble with a delicious pain , and her face grew paler as the childish soul fed upon such ecstatic sweetness . Pinafore and pantalette vanished by degrees , while a maturer maidenly attire assumed predominance ; and the flying hair , swept away in a long satin gloss , was secured in twisted coils . Once she had brought a cluster of the school-girls to partake her feast , but each borrowing courage from the other , their congregated boldness frightened her , and she did not repeat the experiment . One noon she had stood sheltered by the wing of the organ ; so entranced through the music , and so lost in the mazes whither it had led her , that when its last throb died away she was first startled from her abstraction by the clang of the church-door . She ran down , but the organist and his attendant had gone , and she was locked in . Knowing he would return , she entered the body of the church , and , having wandered at her pleasure over the forbidden precincts , ensconced herself finally among the piled hassocks of a square pew , and opened the school-book which to save her conscience she had brought in her hand . Never a very courageous student , the book ere long wearied her , letter chased letter over the page , and the head sinking among the crimson cushions , she was soon fast asleep . In a short time the young organist returned , quietly ascended , and busied himself in fresh problems , combinations and intervals , over the old cabalistic volumes . Rising at length , he leaned over the rail of the gallery , and looked down into the church : his mind full of pleasant dreaming . Thus the girl slumbering in the warm coloring of the old pew below , with a broad pencil of light guarding her presence as it slanted through the chancel window and swum in gorgeous motes , seemed to him like a fay curled in the cups of ruby cacti , or the visible spirit and creation of his music , and so passed along his dream without exciting other emotions than its thousand fantasies and gay processions were wont to do . Turning again to the keys , he was soon lost in the more beautiful ideas of men older and greater than he . Soon there stole through the girl 's half-waking mind a gentle murmuring , swelling till all the air about her pulsed with long waves of melody , and she awoke to hear the golden pipes pealing as she had never dreamed they could , while every atom throbbed with conscious sound . So the music stole along the aisles , shaking from its flowing folds fragments of delicious airs , dim remembrances of meadow-greens , wreaths of palest wood-flowers . Now the quiet ripple of a forest-brook crept down ; and now the summer wind , taking the pine-tree tops , shook them in a hurried storm of notes till the wild crescendo broke into a myriad murmurs , each rocking in the breeze . Slowly through this , out of untrodden depths , a grander and more solemn movement rose , and all the mysterious beauty of a fugue of Bach bathed the place in a fairer sanctity . Filled with indescribable awe , she glided from the church at its close , and returned to her vacant seat at school , regardless of reprimand and trifles , and only repeating in her mind the sublime strains she had heard . For some time Fauntleroy Verrian had been quietly growing in the public favor . Indeed it would have been singular if the chord so powerfully touched by him had never drawn any response ; and thus when a musical impulse , apparently unaccountable , seized the town , all his quiet became disturbed , and he was compelled to direct it . Yet so sincerely did he love his art , that he deemed no self-sacrifice too great , and his genial advice and enthusiastic sympathy were never sought in vain . A class of eager students came into his own hands , and soon with their help he had re ö rganized the ancient order of singing-schools into institutions replete with zeal and science . While the fever , as it was called , was at its height , it was determined to introduce the pursuit of music into the schools , and certain of his class undertaking younger pupils , he reserved to himself the older , and therefore more stupid and refractory . Among these , it chanced , was his unrecognized disciple . It was a warm afternoon when he first mounted that seminary staircase , in company with the Principal . A class in history sat in the recitation-desks , and the girl who , unknown to him , had so haunted the organ-loft , was standing in the act of answering a question . She was rather taller than the usual height , and wore a dress of some thin purple tissue , out of whose dark shades rose her snowy shoulders like a Naiad from a flag-flower , and short sleeves with little puffs of cloudy lace displayed the round fair arms . The hair , naturally of a soft brown , was transmuted into sunshine by the beams that showering through the dome , illumined the beautiful forehead , and was fastened by a narrow silver comb . The long-cut hazel eyes with darker brows distinctly pencilled ; the finely-moulded features and self-repressed lips ; and the white colorless skin , all made a piece of rare beauty . The contrast of her complexion and dress first caught the eye of Fauntleroy as the principal would have conducted him to a seat . His glance lingered unconsciously , and he scanned her keenly to discover the soul that animated such loveliness . An ordinary observer might have passed heedlessly , but he read in her the tone that answered to his dimmest dearest thought . Perhaps she had spent more serious study on the present lesson than ever on any before , yet now the answer , ready not a moment since , hung trembling on her lips and slipped away from her treacherous memory , while as earnestly and forgetfully she returned his gaze . Yet in an instant , as I said , Fauntleroy had seen something in her face , neither of feature nor of color ; something that comprised a beautiful ideal , that sprung forward and met his own soul . He had felt her presence before he fairly saw her , and now while she stood with those little white hands calmly crossed on the cherry-wood desk beside her , and her eyes fearlessly meeting his own ; the gusty maps that swayed upon the wall ; the shadow of the maples through the open windows ; the form of the teacher and the hum of the scholars all disappeared , and he felt only this girl and himself alone in the world . In a moment more the class was dismissed . Suddenly awakened , the girl fled to her seat , which was at the opposite extremity of the room . The teacher now briefly explained the affair on hand , assured the scholars that all diffidence should be laid aside , and that each one must sing such a verse as she could remember ; that their separate capabilities might be ascertained . A few , the first summoned , declared themselves totally without ear and voice ; for the nonce they were left undisturbed , and perhaps the whole number would have confessed to a similar inability had not one whispering little thing struck up an impudent air , and sung it through with spirit . After this , sentimental songs found favor , a faded opera-tune tawdrily rendered , and some drawled out long-metred hymns , or raced through the best of the negro-melodies extant , which at that time numbered but few . Mechanically the young organist noted these , while a new and strange impatience fired him to hear that other voice . As for her , she had never , as you know , seen his face before , yet was sure of his identity as much as he was amazed at finding here the creature of his reverie . At last her turn came . ‘ Miss Sara , ’ said the teacher . She rose calmly , as if thinking what to sing , while he waited longingly ; then ran lightly up and down the scale , with liquid , airy , ringing notes as ever sung by any spray-swung bird . ‘ A tune , Miss Sara , ’ said the preceptress , according to the letter of her instructions ; ‘ is it not , Mr. Verrian ? ’ The scales answered far better , but impossible as it was to speak , and in his quick desire to hear more , he bowed . Again the lips parted , and the mournful words of the old Scotch chorus flowed on the bosom of its wild sweet tune in a luxury of pathos and melody : ‘ LOCHABER na mair May be to return to Lochaber na mair . ’ Tears filled his eyes while she sung , and her competitors exhibited their skill to inattentive ears . When all were through , he walked directly to her desk . She rose to meet him . ‘ Will you come to my house after school ? ’ he asked in his sweetest tones . ‘ Will you come and sing with me ? ’ The frank glad consent of her eyes was answer enough ; he named his place of residence , and without another word left the school , nor did he ever return . There was a beautiful calmness about this girl , a natural freedom from anticipation and tumult ; impatience never interrupted her quiet , surprises were impossible with her ; all things came to her as if by an appointed sequence of events . Thus this new friend did not startle her , and in all the tedious employments of the school that day she was not for an instant restless . As soon as the recitations closed , Sara obeyed his request , reached the small house by the water-side , and entered the low room . Fauntleroy was standing by the window , looking out upon the river ; as she lingered at the handle of the door , he turned , instantly advanced and led her in with the happiest of smiles , but with no words . He seated himself at the piano , and placed certain vocal exercises before her . Not to his astonishment , since he could have believed her capable of all things , she sang them with entire ease , as her music-teacher , who once had been also his , could have prophesied to him . His fingers lingered on the accompaniment when she had finished , as if loth to conclude . She trembled a minute , half in doubt , and then , her lithe figure swaying to the song , warbled an air more familiar to him than day , because it was his own . The expression with which she rendered his song , the interpretation of all its indefinite grace , could not have been more exquisitely given by the most finished cantatrice alive . He turned in a rapture of admiration . ‘ It is yours , Sir , ’ she said . He had not presumed that another soul had knowledge of it . ‘ And yours ! You have made it so ! ’ he replied , seeing her as no pupil , but rather on an equality with himself . ‘ And you — surely you have melodies where your delights are written down . ’ ‘ The clouds , Sir , have neither color nor shape till the sun shines on them ; and such as I sing only what is made for us . ’ The clock tolled nine before he allowed her to rest , and then conducting her to her home , he returned . A new light had been given to his eye that day ; a new fire kindled at his hearth . His heart had been like a flower waiting for the dawn , and that now expanded in all the warmth and beauty of its rich growth . There were but three Fates : the first he had met on the Sunday , now so long ago , when he threw himself upon the organ 's universe of sound ; his second he knew well he had found to-day , and were she hostile or propitious , still how fair and calm and beautiful ! When should he find his third Fate ? ( END OF PART FIRST .) THE MAN AT THE DOOR . BY FITZ-JAMES O'BRIEN . How joyous to-day is the little old town , With banners and streamers and that sort of thing : They flutter on turrets and battlements brown , And the ancient Cathedral is fine as a king . The sexton a nosegay has put in his breast , And his face is as bright as a Jericho rose That , after a century 's withering rest , Unwrinkles its petals and suddenly blows . The brown-breasted swallows aloft and alow , Swoop faster and farther than ever before , And I 'm sure that the cock on the steeple will crow When he hears from the city the jubilant roar . The girls are as gay as a holiday fleet , And ribbons are streaming from bosom and hair , And they laugh in the face of each young man they meet , And the young men reply with an insolent stare . ‘ Tis not without reason the old town is gay , And banners and ribbons are reddening the air , For beautiful BERTHA will marry to-day With gallant young ALBERT , the son of the Mayor . He is brown as a nut from the hazels of Spain : Her face , like the twilight , is pensive and sweet ; As they march hand in hand through the murmuring lane , Low blessings , like flowers , fall unseen at their feet . While they sweep like twin barks through the waves of the crowd , A story is falling from many a tongue Of the young Gipsy Prince who a year ago bowed At the shrine where a hundred their passion had sung . And how BERTHA heaped scorn on his love and his race , How she flung in the street the rich presents he sent , Until he with the hatred of hell in his face , Went sullenly back to his tribe and his tent . Soon all stories are hushed in a gathering roar , And the people sway back like the ebb of a tide , And the rosy old sexton stands by the church door , To merrily welcome the bridegroom and bride : But his glee is so great that he does not behold The tall man that stands near the pillar hard by , Nor the flash of the dagger that 's hafted with gold , Nor the still keener flash of the lowering eye . On they come , and the sexton bows low to the ground , The bride smiles a welcome , the bells ring a chime , While a grand acclamation in surges of sound Thrills up through the sky like a sonorous rhyme . They are under the porch — when one dash through the crowd , One flash of a dagger — one shriek of despair , And BERTHA falls dead ; while stern-faced and proud , The swarthy-skinned Prince of the Gipsies is there ! How sombre to-day is the little old town , With mourning and sables and funeral display ; Long weepers are hanging from battlements brown , And the ancient Cathedral is haggard and gray . The sexton a white rose has put in his breast , While his face is as blank as a snow-laden sky , For BERTHA and ALBERT have gone to their rest , And the Prince of the Gipsies is swinging on high . THE VAN GELDERS OF MATINECOCK . BY JOHN T. IRVING , AUTHOR OF ‘ THE QUOD CORRESPONDENCE . ’ MANY years since I had a relative on the mother 's side , an elderly gentleman , who prepared to write a history of Long Island . He was a man of great acquirements and thorough research . He was eminently qualified for the task , for there was no fact so astounding that it staggered him , nor any tale so remarkable that it was beyond his belief . He did not confine his investigations to books alone . He visited spots rendered classic by the deeds of departed worthies . He commenced his explorations at Coney Island , and terminated them at Montauk Point . To sum up his character and qualifications : he was a gentleman of great perseverance and extraordinary swallow . Under these circumstances , it is much to be regretted that he did not live to complete his work . The odd scraps of information , and the strange tales which he had gathered in the course of his labors , fell into my hands — for he was my third-cousin , on the mother 's side ; and after careful examination , I am satisfied that there is much information contained in these blotted manuscripts of a kind that is not often met with ; and that I shall be doing a great favor to the public in general , and to historians in particular , by bringing it to light . The following account of Matinecock and the Van Gelder family is from his papers . The Volkert Van Gelder referred to was a personal friend of my respected relative , and a man very much of the same kidney . The same taste for antiquarian research and for forgotten lore , was a strong feature in the character of each . In the case of Van Gelder , it led to no useful results ; in that of my respected relative — had he lived — it would have culminated in the production of a work of research , which would have shed undying light on the history of Long Island , and would have been a blessing to future generations . About thirty miles from the city of New-York is a headland jutting out into Long Island Sound , fortified against the wash of the sea by huge boulders of rock . The banks of the shore are rough and rugged , and bear marks of the wear and tear of the waves . On the upland are tall trees , twisted into fantastic shapes by the force of the winds which sweep down the Sound . Between this promontory and the mainland is a land-locked bay , from whose borders a dense forest stretches off in various directions . The whole of this region is known by the name of Matinecock . Matinecock is a place of great antiquity , and derives its name from an Indian tribe , which once held sway there . Like many places on Long Island , it is very much behind the rest of the world in matters of every-day experience ; and being situated at the end of several very crooked lanes , and hemmed in by water and sand-beaches , it is no easy matter for the world to get at it . In this neighborhood stands a large rambling house , made up of gables and angles , with low roof , and over-shadowed by lofty trees , which show the growth of centuries . It was originally built of squared logs , and was quadrangular in shape ; but each successive owner added a wing or an elbow as it suited his fancy , until it seemed to be made up of odds and ends of architecture . It had been founded nearly two hundred years by one Teunis Van Gelder , a stalwart warrior , who had followed the Dutch Governor , Peter Stuyvesant , in his various campaigns . His portrait was in one of the rooms of the mansion . It represented a stark warrior with high cheek-bones , a mouth closed like a steel-trap , shaggy eye-brows , and a slash across the nose and part of the cheek as if from a sword-cut . The whole denoted an iron character . He had been a staunch campaigner , and had stood by his old commander until the city of Manhattan capitulated to the English . But he would not remain to see it under their domination . Bestowing on the invaders his malediction , he turned his back upon it forever , and retired to the fastnesses of Matinecock , where he took possession of a tract of land without inquiring who was the owner , erected a dwelling , and set himself down to brood over his wrongs , and to meditate revenge . Scarcely , however , had he got warm in his new nest , before he was beset by the myrmidons of Matinecock , led on by one Ebenezer Cock , a tall , hard-fisted pioneer of the New-England breed . He claimed the ground on which the Dutchman had settled , by virtue of a grant from the Indian owners of the soil . He flourished under Van Gelder 's nose a parchment signed with the hieroglyphics of four Sachems of the Matinecock tribe , by which , in consideration of three shirts and a shoe , the aforesaid sachems had conveyed to Ebenezer Cock , Eliphalet Frost and Sampson Latting several thousand acres of ground about Matinecock . This was too much for the gunpowder disposition of the warrior . He glanced grimly over the instrument , then handed it back , and swore he would defend his rights against all the ‘ Cocks ’ in Christendom , and prepared for battle . There is no doubt , however , that matters were compromised without recourse to arms . For , among the old records is a memorandum dated some years after in 1676 , of his going with ‘ his man Ryck and his square-nosed dogge to meet one Ebenezer Cock and others on the subject of his difficulties aboute the lands of Matinecock . ’ Whatever may have been the nature of the compromise , it is certain that Teunis Van Gelder retained his possessions , and transmitted them to his descendants . Years passed while he yet lived there . He had grown gray , but not one whit less grim . The nature of his first reception rankled in his mind , and he held his neighbors at arm 's length . He kept a keen watch on all their movements , ready to show his teeth at any symptom of aggression . He looked upon their assault upon his domain as but a continuation of the wrongs which had driven him from his native city ; he was ready to renew at any moment , in his own person , the war between Holland and England , and was equally ready to take to his bosom any one who avowed animosity to the English . At that time Captain Kidd was buccaneering on the Spanish Main . Rumors were rife of his having been seen in various quarters . At one time he was said to have been seen off Montauk , heading for Gardiner 's Bay ; at another at Sandy Hook . These reports would die away , and then would be revived by the arrival of some vessel which had been chased by the redoubted ‘ Rover ’ in the Carribean Sea , and escaped only by night setting in . Late one afternoon , a tall , gaunt courier , mounted on a switch-tail mare , galloped through the county in hot haste . He brought news that Kidd had landed at Sag Harbor , and had rifled the town . Teunis Van Gelder rubbed his hands in keen satisfaction , and his eye lighted up with a kind of venomous glow . He longed for a sight of the gallant freebooter , who was in a manner visiting upon the English commerce the wrongs which the nation had committed on his native city . On that same night he was aroused from his sleep by a sound like the report of a gun booming across the water . He opened his casement and gazed out . In the distance he observed lights dancing on the Sound , and apparently approaching the land . Shortly after there was a loud hail from the shore . Teunis thrust his head out of the window , and answered by a bellow which might have been heard a mile . Guided by his voice a figure groped its way through the rocks and bushes , and stopped at his door . The Dutchman was always on the look-out for plots and pitfalls on the part of his foes , and was prepared for emergencies . He seized his gun and sallied out to meet the stranger . At the door stood a square-built , storm-beaten fellow , with a keen watchful eye , a nose like a hawk 's , and a mouth like a bull-dog 's . He had a cutlass and a pair of pistols in his belt . As the veteran eyed him , and marked his gaunt , hard features , he felt that he was a kindred spirit , and his heart warmed to him . A few words sufficed to explain that he was second in command of Kidd 's vessel , which was at anchor a short distance off and in want of supplies . No news could have been more acceptable , no visitor more welcome . Teunis received the freebooter with open arms . His house and all that he had were placed at his disposal . For several days groups of slashing fellows , armed to the teeth , were seen hanging about the premises , carousing , shooting at marks , swearing hard , and making the neighborhood ring with their revelry . Teunis was in the thick of them , and as they related their encounters on the Spanish Main , their hand-to-hand fights , and described the din and thunder of battle , the martial spirit of the veteran fairly broke out , and he swore to Kidd that he loved him as his own son . During their sojourn the old house fairly echoed with their carousals ; and the fierce indomitable spirit of the Dutchman , and his bitter animosity to the English , so won upon the buccaneer , that under a solemn injunction of secrecy , he took him into his confidence . His want of supplies was but a pretext . His vessel was laden with treasure , and he was in quest of a place to secrete it . He suggested Matinecock Point , but Van Gelder shook his head , and cautioned him against the marauding spirit of the neighborhood . He declared that no honest man was safe there , that they were a hybrid race , a cross between the Quaker and the steel trap , and that he might better trust the ‘ Old Boy . ’ The freebooter shrugged his shoulders and remarked , ‘ that they might trust a worse person than the one last mentioned . ’ Teunis did not argue the point , but suggested Sand 's Point as more remote and safer , and added : ‘ Ryck can show you the way . ’ ‘ Agreed , ’ replied the freebooter . That night at midnight several boats , heavily laden , set off . Van Gelder took a warm interest in the whole proceeding , accompanied them to the boats , and swore to watch over the treasure as if it were his own . He gave minute directions to Ryck , and stood by the shore until the boats were hid by the darkness . Late at night Ryck returned home , grinning with satisfaction at a broad gold piece which had been bestowed on him . He and his master were closeted together for more than an hour , and they parted with a caution to secrecy on the part of the latter , accompanied by a promise to curry his hide in case of his failure . As Teunis was very exemplary in keeping promises of this kind , Ryck remained true to his trust . After the execution of Kidd , it became known to the English government that he had communicated to Van Gelder the spot where his treasure was buried , and Commissioners were appointed to examine him . They found the veteran in the extreme of age , gaunt , grisly , with dim eyes , like an old hound , and tottering up and down the walk in front of his house , supported by a withered negro , as decrepit and time-battered as his master . He heard their errand in savage silence . For a minute his energies rallied at the idea of an encounter with his old foes . It was but an expiring flash in the socket . He refused to give them any information , and turned his back upon them . Ryck shared all his master 's antipathies , was equally taciturn , and they departed with their mission unaccomplished . In a week from that time Teunis Van Gelder was gathered to his fathers . Ryck , after languishing about the place for a few weeks , was found dead , sitting on his old master 's grave . The present owner of the house , a lineal descendant of Teunis Van Gelder , is a little dried-up fellow named Volkert , who seemed to have grown up behind a pair of large round rimmed spectacles , through which he views the world on a magnified scale . The feuds and animosity which had existed between Teunis and his neighbors died with him , and his descendant was regarded by them as a kindly-disposed and well-meaning little man , somewhat peppery in temper and fantastic in his notions . Much of his time was spent in out-of-the-way research and ferreting in the dust-holes of the past , from which he now and then would fish up some unsavory fact or useless piece of information . Those twilight portions of history in which fable and fact are mingled , were his delight . He would travel a day 's journey to visit a spot where a ghost had been seen , or a murder committed . He regarded a superannuated negro as a mine of legendary wealth , and would hold him by the button by the hour to get at the truth of some incident recollected by the negro 's great-grandmother , and detailed to him when he was a boy . In fact his foibles were so well known , that every vagabond in the country who could coin a plausible story , half-romance and half-fact , was sure of a welcome and a hearty meal in his kitchen . He was not a little proud of his Dutch descent , and had small respect for any whose genealogy was not , like his own , lost in the fog which surrounded the Dutch dynasty . His prime minister and confidential adviser was a gray-headed , wrinkled negro named Zeb . He had been in his youth a sturdy fellow , but had dried up into an old codger who looked like a frosted persimmon . He was tough and leathery , with a head as hard as adamant , an obstinacy of disposition which required the full strength of his skull to keep it in . He had been born and bred on the place , and looked upon it and his master as his own property . In early life he had been somewhat of a reprobate , so that his name and the gallows had frequently been coupled together in a very familiar manner ; but he had disappointed all their prophecies , and in spite of his faults had steered clear of the halter . As he grew old he became proportionably steady in his habits , and his evil name seemed to peel off . By the time he had become entirely useless and good for nothing , he had acquired quite a good character , and of late years he had never been known to swear when he had his own way , nor get drunk at his own expense . He , however , retained the habit of shooting with a long bow , and the marvellous character of his stories was only exceeded by the pertinacity with which he stuck to them . His memory was a perfect magazine of mysterious experiences , of encounters with spirits of every denomination . The whole neighborhood of Dosoris , Matinecock and Lattingtown was but so many weird spots , noted in his memory as scenes of ghostly adventure . He could point out the very tree at Flag Brook where Ralph Crafts had a friendly chat with the Devil , who volunteered to whip Ralph 's wife for him , and was beaten himself ; and he could show the large tulip-tree at Dosoris , under which Parson Woolsey had an encounter of a more hostile character with the same personage , in which he so exorcised the Old Boy in bad Latin , and raised such a din about his ears with hard Scripture texts , that he took to flight , and never dared show his hoof there while the old clergyman lived . Volkert Van Gelder pretended to turn an incredulous ear to these tales when Zeb happened to speak of them in public , and put his old retainer off with a ‘ pish ; ’ but he always took occasion when no one was by to glean from him the full particulars . These were committed to writing , and stowed away in an ancient book-case mounted with brass , which is a perfect repository of abstruse history . Zeb , however , had a crony in his own sphere , though not of his own color , equally versed in legendary lore . This was an old weather-beaten fellow with a red nose and a moist eye , of the name of Nick Wanzer . Nick was born and bred at Matinecock . Many of his family had gone off to seek their fortunes in other parts of the world . Nick quoted the old saw , ‘ A rolling stone gathers no moss , ’ and staid at home . He grew no richer , but in process of time he certainly acquired a kind of moss-grown look , as if he were reaping the reward of his resolution . He was addicted to strong drink and long stories , and by dint of constant indulgence in both , it became a matter of doubt whether his head or his stories had become toughest . He was usually to be met with either on the borders of the Dosoris mill-pond , with a fishing-rod across his shoulder , or trudging along the sand-bars , carrying a gun as battered as himself , with a slouch-tailed dog at his heels . He however was indigenous to the place , and belonged to that class of worthies , one or two of whom hang about every country village , and who drift through life always in sight , living no one knows how or where , and winding up their career by being found dead under some hedge or in some hay-mow . In his youth he had been a harum-scarum fellow , a keen sportsman , and a persevering fisherman . Every rock from the Stepping Stones to Lloyd 's Neck , was as familiar to him as his own dwelling , and there was not a corner of any swamp , or nook of woodland , which he had not traversed with dog and gun . He had been terribly harried in the early part of his life , by a termagant wife , but he had at last deposited her in the Lattingtown church-yard , with a heavy stone over her to commemorate her virtues and to keep her quiet . He had been too much cowed by stringent petticoat government , ever to be the man that he had been before his marriage ; but it was a great weight off his mind to know that she was at rest , as well as himself . From that time he had been his own master , loitered about the country , attending to every body 's business except his own . When the weather was fine , and the Sound smooth , he and Zeb passed whole mornings in a rickety boat , paddling about in search of fish . When the fish did not bite , the worthies might be descried upon one of the rocks at Martinecock , philosophizing over the past , while Nick 's dog slept in the sunshine at their feet . Of late Volkert had shown a strong yearning toward Nick . There was something in his good-for-nothing character which harmonized with the taste of Volkert , who had a weak spot in his affections for vagabonds . Nick , from a casual loiterer about the place , was gradually become a kind of appendage to it : running of errands , catching a mess of fish , or dropping a few woodcock at Volkert 's door ; ringing the noses of his pigs , and making himself generally useful . But the great secret of their intimacy was a certain adventure which Nick had met with , many years previously , in which Teunis Van Gelder bore a conspicuous part . It did not speak very well for the old pioneer , but Volkert took a strange pride in the evil odor which hung round the skirts of his ancestor . He forthwith took Nick by the hand , and although the tale was scouted by many as the fabrication of Nick 's drunken brain , Volkert cross-examined him faithfully ; took the whole down in writing , decided it to be both plausible and true , and forthwith deposited it among the arcana of his historic lore , from which I have drawn it . The adventure was as follows : NICK WANZER 'S ADVENTURE . NICK had been passing an evening many years since at a husking-frolic . Like most persons who are good for nothing else , he was in his element there . He was a lusty dare-devil fellow then , ready for a fight or a frolic , and full of that rash yet jovial recklessness which makes friends of the men and plays the very deuce among the other sex . The party had been merry , and when the time came for breaking up , their merriment had become boisterous . Nick , overflowing with good cheer , took his leave of his host , shook hands with the mothers , kissed the prettiest of their daughters , and set out on his return to his own quarters . The road was dark and gloomy , but he knew every inch of it . He was mellow with ale , apple-brandy and hard cider . He knew that he had to pass through a weird neighborhood , and all the tales which he had heard of ghosts and hobgoblins and Kidd and old Teunis Van Gelder were circulating freely through his brain , and , as he afterward acknowledged , what with the spirits within and the spirits without , his head was in somewhat of a turmoil . He had a small boat drawn up in a creek near Peacock 's Point , and as the road became somewhat unsteady as he proceeded , he determined to return home by water . Taking a short-cut across the fields and floundering through a swamp or two , he finally reached the creek , drew out his boat , and pushed out into the Sound . It was one of those quiet still nights when there was scarcely a ripple on the water ; every star was plainly reflected on its surface , and the moon hung in the sky like a huge globe of silver . Nick pulled lazily along , thinking at one time of a farmer 's daughter with whom he had passed a few love-passages behind the door ; then of the ale and cider and apple-brandy ; then of the tales of Kidd , with which an old black fiddler had regaled them at intervals during the evening : until he had got the apple-brandy and the farmer 's daughter and Kidd and his treasure terribly jumbled together . He had been wondering where the freebooter could have put his money : and whether it was in gold-dust , or in bars or coin , and was in deep speculation as to whether it would be possible for him to discover it , dig it up , buy up the whole country round , and marry the girl just spoken of , when his attention was arrested by a loud hail . ‘ Boat a-hoy ! boat a-hoy ! ’ The sound appeared to come from the Point at Matinecock , which was nearly half a mile distant ; and yet the voice seemed to be scarcely fifty feet off . Nick dropped his oars and listened . ‘ B-o-a-t a-h-o-o-o-y ! ’ again sounded across the water from the same direction , and yet apparently close at hand . Nick looked about him in every direction , to ascertain if any other craft were in sight . The moon shone brilliantly , and its reflection rested like solid silver on the water : not a thing was to be seen . ‘ It 's very strange , ’ thought he , ‘ but it can n't cost much to answer . ’ So he put his hand to his mouth and gave the response : ‘ Hallo ! ’ ‘ Come ashore ; you 're wanted ! ’ was the rejoinder in the same singular tone . Nick did not altogether relish the summons , but he was a good-natured fellow , so he turned his boat toward the land . As he approached it , he saw a figure seated on a rock at the water 's edge . He supposed the hail might come from one of the neighbors who wanted a lift on his way home . But on nearer approach , he saw that the man on the rock was a stranger . By the light of the moon , he appeared to be a tall , gaunt man , black and grim , and dressed in a red shirt . A dark hat was slouched over his face , from beneath which two eyes glowed out like fire , and in his hand he held a club . Nick eyed him for a moment , waiting for him to speak . But he sat without a word , and with his glowing eyes fixed on him in a way that made Nick 's flesh creep . ‘ Do you want me ? ’ at last inquired he . ‘ Not I , ’ replied the other in a gruff voice . ‘ You want me . ’ ‘ You ? I never laid eyes on you before , ’ said Nick . ‘ I 've been at your elbow for the last half-hour ; ever since you were thinking of Kidd 's money . I have charge of it . ’ ‘ Whew-w ! ’ Nick drew a long , low whistle , and laid his finger with a sort of drunken gravity on his nose . ‘ Then you know what I was thinking of ? ’ The other nodded . ‘ You 're not Kidd ? ’ The other shook his head . ‘ Nor Teunis Van Gelder ? ’ ‘ No . ’ ‘ Then you must be —— ’ Nick paused , as he did not like to be disrespectful . ‘ You must be —— ’ The other nodded . ‘ You 've hit it . ’ ‘ The old Nick , ’ added Wanzer . ‘ Your namesake , ’ replied the stranger . ‘ And you have charge of Kidd 's money ? ’ inquired Nick . The stranger nodded again . ‘ But can you tell me where it is ? ’ asked Nick in an insinuating tone . ‘ It 's of no use to any one now . ’ The stranger looked about him , and then said in a cautious tone : I suppose I might , but it would be a breach of trust ; I promised never to reveal it . ’ ‘ I think you observed that you are the Old Boy , ’ remarked Nick . ‘ The Old Boy , Old Nick , Old Harry , Old Scratch , among friends ! My enemies are less courteous in their titles , ’ replied the other . ‘ Well , ’ said Nick , in a very insinuating tone , ‘ that being the case , a trifling breach of trust can n't hurt you . You know that your character is none of the best ; I do n't mean to say that you deserve what is said of you , ’ added he in an apologetic tone , ‘ but people will talk , and they sometimes make very free with you . ’ ‘ I know it , ’ replied the other . ‘ I 'm used to it ; I do n't mind it . ’ ‘ Well , ’ said Nick , returning to the subject of the gold , ‘ if you could put me in the way of getting that money , I would do something for you d — d handsome . ’ ‘ I can n't venture , ’ replied the other resolutely ; ‘ I do n't mind Kidd so much . He 's bad enough , and has some desperate fellows leagued with him ; but the worst of all is a hard-headed Dutchman , one Teunis Van Gelder . Since he came into our quarters , he and Kidd have struck up a kind of partnership : I 've led a dog 's life . ’ ‘ But they can n't use the money , ’ urged Nick . ‘ Can any miser use his money ? ’ inquired the other , ‘ yet no miser will part with it . They like to know it 's there . I tell you , Sir , ’ said he , striking his club hard on the ground , and speaking with much emphasis , ‘ if they lost that money , they 'd make my quarters too hot to hold me . ’ ‘ Well , ’ said Nick , ‘ I did not think that they could increase the temperature there ; but if they did kick you out , would you mind it ? ’ ‘ I was brought up there , ’ answered the other , ‘ and am somewhat used to the climate . I do n't think I would feel at home any where else . ’ Nick was unwilling to give up the chance of getting hold of the freebooter 's treasure . ‘ Who is to tell them that you revealed it ? ’ asked he ; ‘ I would not . ’ The stranger seemed impressed by this promise . ‘ Can I rely on you , Mr. Wanzer ? ’ Nick was vociferous in vindication of his trustworthiness . ‘ But there must be a consideration , ’ suggested the stranger . ‘ I never do any thing without it . ’ ‘ Just as you please , ’ said Nick , who was becoming reckless ; ‘ I agree to any thing . ’ ‘ You know what my price is ? ’ ‘ I 've heard , ’ replied Nick . ‘ Give me the money , and make your own terms . ’ ‘ Enough , ’ answered the other . ‘ Jump in your boat , and pull for Sand 's Point . I 'll meet you there . ’ Nick waited for no second bidding . He sprang into his boat , pushed off from the shore , and tugged away lustily at the oar . The exercise had the effect of taking off some of the fumes of the liquor which he had drank , and of bringing him to his senses . He began to think over his promise , and to wonder if he had not got himself into a scrape ; but before he had settled the matter to his satisfaction , the boat grounded on the beach , and he found the stranger standing at his side , with a shovel in his hand . He beckoned to Nick , who followed him until they came to where a huge boulder , known as Kidd 's Rock , juts out from the Point . Here he paused , threw the shovel to Nick , and told him to dig . Nick was disposed to parley , but he felt the glowing eyes on him , and his heart failed him . He dug lustily , throwing out the sand in great shovelsfull . At last he struck something solid . He eagerly cleared away the dirt , and discovered a chest , secured with iron bands . He struck it with the shovel , and could hear the jingle of coin . All his scruples vanished at the sound . ‘ Now then , Nick , you remember your promise — about your soul , ’ said the stranger , jumping in the hole and planting himself firmly on the chest . ‘ There 's the money . ’ ‘ Ay , ay , ’ said Nick recklessly ; ‘ devil take the soul . I want the money . ’ ‘ Give me your hand , ’ said the other . ‘ It 's no bargain until we have crossed hands . ’ Nick had extended his hand , and already was that of the Great Adversary reached to grasp it , when a loud unearthly shout rang through the air . Nick bounded from the hole at a single leap . The next instant , with a yell , two figures pounced upon the stranger in the pit . There were appalling screams and cries and all the struggle of fierce encounter . They seemed to breathe fire and smoke at each other : at one time the fight raged in the hole , then it seemed to be up the bank near Kidd 's Rock , at another time in the air . In the moonlight Nick could see his friend hard beset , and he noticed that he suffered most from a grim old fellow in a cocked hat , with a slash across his nose . The other was square-built , with pistols in his belt , and a hanger at his side . As Nick began to doubt how the battle would terminate , he quietly slipped into his boat , put off a short distance from the shore , and rested on his oars to watch the result . In a few minutes he heard his name shouted from the beach . Nick was too wary to be entrapped by any feeling of sympathy . He kept a dead silence . The noise and uproar lasted for a short time longer , and then grew more and more distant , until it died away in the woods of Great Neck . Nick now plied his oars vigorously , occasionally pausing to listen . At the same time he was not free from an apprehension that on looking round he might find his late visitor stationed in the bow of his boat . But he reached Matinecock in safety . As he stepped ashore he was not a little dismayed at discovering the stranger seated on a rock , apparently as cool as if nothing had happened ; but on closer examination Nick observed that his dress was very much dilapidated , and his face begrimed with smut and dirt . ‘ I hope you 're not hurt , ’ said he , in a tone which was meant to be sympathizing . ‘ Those fellows were a little too much for you . ’ ‘ I told you how it would be , ’ said the other in a savage voice . ‘ They got wind of it somehow . ’ ‘ Who were they ? ’ ‘ No matter . They are the most troublesome of all my boarders . ’ ‘ And the money ? ’ inquired Nick . ‘ It 's where you left it , ’ replied the other . ‘ You can get it if you like . You know our bargain : you 're mine . ’ ‘ Not until I finger the cash , ’ replied Nick . ‘ And unless you are more lucky than you have been to-night , I do n't think you 'll put me in the way of doing it in a hurry . ’ ‘ Mr. Wanzer , ’ said the other , ‘ do you mean to break our bargain ? ’ ‘ Where 's the money ? ’ demanded Nick in reply . ‘ If you mean that I should take it while those two pleasant gentlemen are mounting guard over it , you are much mistaken . I will see you to the —— yourself first . And if you mean that I am to get it as I can , and be pestered by them while I live , and by you afterward , I wo n't do it . Do you think I did not recognize old Teunis Van Gelder : I 've seen his picture too often . If he 's too much for you , I 'd like to know how I would come off in a scuffle with him ; and if he and Kidd hunt in couples why damme I 'll have nothing to do with it . ’ Nick struck his feet resolutely on the side of his boat . ‘ You 're resolved ? ’ said the other sternly . ‘ I am , ’ said Nick . ‘ Then take the consequences . ’ He raised his club , but at that moment the same loud unearthly yell which had startled him before broke through the air , and two figures sprang toward them : the one in a cocked hat gray and grim , the other armed to the teeth . Before the club could descend , the stranger bounded from the rock , and disappeared in the direction of Dosoris , the two following in full cry at his heels . Nick hurried off , and made the best of his way to his cabin , where he was found in the morning in a sleep so sound that some thought it might have been the result of deep potations , but which Nick himself attributed entirely to the excitement of the scene which he had gone through at Sand 's Point and Matinecock . IN a note in the margin of the above manuscript my respected relative remarked , that Mr. Volkert Van Gelder , after full and mature investigation of the matter , had come to the conclusion that the adventure of Nick Wanzer was not a mere fabrication , but an actual occurrence . He was forced to this conclusion by strong circumstantial evidence ; for it was established beyond a doubt that Wanzer was at a husking-frolic on the very night alluded to , that he set out for home late , and somewhat involved in liquor ; and also that he did own a boat which usually lay in a creek at Peacock 's Point . Nick Wanzer himself pointed out the rock on which the stranger sat when he first made overtures to him ; and the situation of Kidd 's Rock at Sand 's Point is a matter of public notoriety . Under these circumstances , Mr. Van Gelder felt that to express farther doubt would be to cast an unjust imputation upon the character of a worthy and well-meaning citizen . In commenting farther my respected relative observed , with his usual discrimination and acuteness , that it was a very nice point to decide . That there certainly was strong corroborative evidence of the truth of the story ; and that although it was out of the usual course of things , yet that Matinecock was an unusual kind of place , and events might transpire there which would not happen elsewhere . Under these circumstances , and after fully weighing the evidence , he thought that Wanzer 's statement was worthy of full credence from all persons of strong faith . THE RAIN . PATTER , patter comes the rain , Aslant against the window-pane : I can see the large drops fall — Mystic globules , perfect all : See them speed their downward way , Fall , then weep themselves away . So , against my weary brain Thoughts come tapping like the rain : Radiant thoughts , from far-off spheres , Strike , then spend themselves in tears . O ye rain-drops clear and bright ! O ye thoughts on wings of light ! Will ye never , never tell Of the regions whence ye fell ? Tell us whence ye come , and why When ye reach us then ye die ? Are ye voiceless evermore , Only moaning , moaning ever , When your beauteous forms are driven ‘ Gainst the cold and glassy pane — ‘ Gainst this hardened , earth-worn brain , In your fruitless , vain endeavor To convey to mortal ears The language of the far-off spheres ? SONNETS : INSCRIBED TO MY FRIEND FANNY . BY HENRY W. ROCKWELL . PROEM . EVEN as BEATRICE appeared to him Who passed through scenes of unimagined woe , Nor feared hell 's gloomy sentry , nor the flow Of dismal Acheron ; so I , through dim Uncertain paths like his — albeit my fame Pales ‘ neath his own , a taper to the sun — Have here been led , and this my work begun , If ended , must be ended in thy name . No idle faith is this , by whose clear light , And the strong effort of Love 's conquering will , From out life 's mingling mass of good and ill I have ascended to the Infinite : Beholding thee whose beauty , cold and pale , Beams like the Cherubim within the veil . SONNET I . O THOU ! who dwell'st in memory ever blest , ( By whatsoever name in heaven thou'rt known , Thyself on earth , the last and loveliest one , An angel in my bosom art confessed :) If thou inspire my song as thou know'st best , And aid my fond endeavor now begun , No fabled muse need I for guidance own The fair inhabitant of my cold breast . Yet whether this my song may stand the test , Or challenge the full sure advance of time , I little know ; but if the hidden force Of Love , and its strong faith , in which I rest , Assist my heart to build the tuneful rhyme , Thou only canst be named the primal source . SONNET II . ARS LONGA . GIVE me from out the midnight of thy hair One tress to braid in this my votive song ; For time though fleeting , art is nathless long ; And I , though skill of workmanship not rare Be mine , in song would make for thee , most fair ! A work of such device as shall prolong Thy name , exalted o'er Earth 's meaner throng , And lovelier than they all in my compare . No silversmith of Ephesus am I , By such device to bring my craftsmen gain : Nor make I thee the idol of my heart ; Though thou , like great ‘ DIANA , ’ whom they cry , Dost hold within my breast as chaste a reign , Nor ever shall thy gentle sway depart . SONNET III . A MINGLED sea of color here is rolled Across the billowy upland filmed with smoke , Whose groves of yellow beech and crimson oak Stand forth , a goodly prospect to behold ; Nor with less glory do the mountains fold Their giant forms in Autumn 's hazy cloak , While up their sides the distant wood has broke In long receding waves of ruddy gold . Could'st thou whose beauty doth my heart ensnare , Give to this lovely scene an added grace , I should not here perforce enjoy alone These blended hues , which Autumn , in despair At not out-vieing thy enchanting face , From his broad pallet o'er the woods has thrown . SONNET IV . OH ! in these colored shades it were too blest To roam with thee the hill-side and the plain , When in each passing moment we retain The moral of the great truth here impressed . See ! how the woods in green and gold are dressed , As if apparelled for a conqueror 's reign ; Nor less yon maple groves , whose blood-red stain Trickles far down the distant mountain 's crest . Gorgeous October ! in thy golden gleam I see the tender light of loving eyes , Which to thy sweet days give an added beam ; Nor would it be to me a vain surprise , If sometimes thy low-whispering winds should seem To be the music of her tender sighs . SONNET V . THE less of life , the less account is seen : The less account , the less of ill is known : And Beauty , ere its flower be quite full-blown , Is ofttimes nipped by sudden frosts and keen ; And thus the course of life with me hath been , For , living among men , I dwell alone : Till now , life 's goodly tree well-nigh overthrown , Doth wear the yellow leaf , and not the green . Yet even as Autumn is the proper rest , The sweet and gentlest season of the year ; So in the mellow Autumn of thy breast , May my name last , to life and memory dear ; Nor less upon my thought be thine impressed , For thou hast ever proved a friend sincere . SONNET VI . LIKE Summer-birds , when Summer-hours are fled : Like Summer-skies when Autumn-clouds are nigh : So from my heart did Hope , the watcher , fly , When in thy arms my darling girl lay dead . O fatal bolt ! and all too surely sped : Yet sadder far when in her love-lit eye I saw the smile of recognition die , And felt the death-damp on her fair young head . If Love renewed have ever safe return To its far bourne , what matters it which way Our scarce-fledged hopes and blighted joys have fled ? Or why is it that we cannot discern This last great truth , that our best treasures lie Beyond the silent barriers of the dead ? SONNET VII . CREAK , ye black forests ! and ye mournful forms That flit like hooded monks across the bare And desolate wilderness , urge through the air Your cloudy legions , O ye gloomy storms ! Dark ministers of Night ! I hear the roll Of rising winds , and in the lonely vale The melancholy Autumn breathes her wail , Yet pleasant is her sadness to my soul . See ! where the Old Year bears her in his arms : The pale CORDELIA and the trembling LEAR : Will he not strew with heather her sad bier , And keep her safe from Winter 's rude alarms ? ‘ Vex not his ghost ! ’ his life will soon be o'er , The ‘ sweet , low voice ’ he loved he hears no more . SONNET VIII . OH ! when shall love to THEE be my best guide , REDEEMER , SAVIOUR ! ever blessed LORD ! By all the powers in earth and heaven adored ? When flowed the dear blood from THY wounded side — By heaven forsaken and by man denied — Why were its crimson streams so freely poured , If man by love was not to be restored ? O mighty theme ! that doth debase my pride , And pour contempt on all the things of earth : If angels are not faultless in THY sight , How much less we who travail from our birth , Walking apart from Love and its clear light ? Yet not for them , but us , was HE once slain , That we , redeemed from sin , might live again . SONNET IX . MOURN , mourn , voice of the wilderness ! For HIM who shed HIS precious blood for me : JESU REDEMPTOR ! LAMB OF CALVARY ! The heir of glory , anguish and distress ; Oh ! how shall mortal tongue the love express With which THOU didst so love us , as to be Our sacrifice upon the accursed tree , Bearing the burden of our wickedness . O ye wild winds ! and wilder blasts that wail Amid the ebon darkness , have ye known Man 's dark iniquity that thus ye moan In hollow accents through the lonely vale ? Alas ! my soul , thy sins slew GOD 'S dear SON : Kyrie eleeson ! Christe eleeson ! SONNET X . TRISAGION . ‘ Therefore with angels and arch-angels , laud And magnify HIS great and glorious Name , Who , to redeem the world from ruin , came , Saying : Holy , holy , holy LORD GOD ! Heaven and earth made clean by Thy dear blood , Are ever full of THY great majesty : All glory be to THEE , O LORD , Most High ! ’ So sang the angelic choir , the while I stood Listening the far response : ‘ Not unto us , Not unto us , O LORD ! but unto THEE Be all the glory , LAMB OF CALVARY ! Quoniam tu solus Dominius ! ’ So Love doth rule — the high behest of heaven : And Love is ten-fold Love that waits on sins forgiven . LITERARY NOTICES . THE KING OF THE MOUNTAINS . From the French of EDMOND ABOUT , Author of ‘ The Roman Question , ’ ‘ Germaine , ’ etc . By MARY L. BOOTH . With an Introduction by EPES SARGENT , Esq . In one volume : pp . 300 . Boston : J. E. TILTON AND COMPANY , Number 601 Washington-street . MONSIEUR ABOUT is said to have scared HIS HOLINESS , the POPE , the kind and benevolent PIO NONO , ( if we may trust any of all the numerous portraits and drawings which we have encountered of him ,) in his book upon ‘ The Roman Question . ’ The author 's very name may have had something to do with it . He was ‘ about ’ — he was ‘ are ö und ': and the ‘ French ’ of his cognomen , as pronounced by his countrymen , was in itself suggestive of at least a signal of alarm — ‘ Ah-booh ! ’ But this aside : the book is a remarkable one , in many respects : and like its predecessors from the same pen , it will make an ‘ abiding mark ’ among the artistically-transferred literature to our own , from a foreign tongue . This narrative of ‘ The King of the Mountains ’ is not at all complicated . Regarded as an artistical picture , we may say with truth that ‘ the canvas is neither confused nor crowded . ’ The story is supposed to be told by a young German botanist . He proceeds to Greece with the purpose of herbalizing in the mountains . ‘ Carried away by a scientific enthusiasm — the most common and the most pardonable — he becomes the prisoner of a remarkable brigand , HADGI-STAVROS , the King of the Mountains . He is not alone in his captivity . An English lady and her daughter — the former a striking portrait of a class of weak and consequential tourists , and the latter a thing to be admired and loved by any German , or any American , for that matter , under the circumstances supposed — are the hero 's fellow-prisoners . The greater part of the book is taken up with a description of the character , positions , resources , habits and influence of the brigand chief ; the temporary captivity of the party , who are made prisoners for the sake of a large ransom , actually in view of Athens , ( such is the state of the government and police of that thriving kingdom !) and their final ransom and escape . But there are other dramatis person æ beside MRS. SIMONS , who is a sort of MRS. NICKLEBY , an Anglaise pour ire , and MISS SIMONS , who does not take after her mother . There are down at the Pir æ us an American named HARRIS , a young Athenian girl , hight PHOTINI , and a Frenchman whose ruling passions are arch æ ology and philanthropy . ‘ He had been rewarded by some provincial academy for an essay on the price of paper in the time of ORPHEUS . Encouraged by his first success , he had made a journey to Greece to collect materials for a work on the quantity of oil consumed by the lamp of DEMOSTHENES while he was writing the second Philippic . ’ HARRIS , the American , is evidently a favorite character with M. ABOUT . He invests him with all the best attributes of our countrymen , and makes every adventure in which he is a participator honorable to his gallantry and sagacity : ‘ The first time I dined with this strange fellow I comprehended America . JOHN was born at Vandalia , Illinois . He inhaled at his birth that air of the New World , so vivacious , so sparkling and so brisk , that it goes to the head like champagne wine , and one gets intoxicated in breathing it . I know not whether the HARRIS family are rich or poor ; whether they sent their son to college or left him to get his own education . It is certain that at twenty-seven years he depends only on himself ; trusts only to himself , is astonished at nothing , thinks nothing impossible , never flinches , believes all things , hopes all things , tries all things ; triumphs in all , rises up again if he falls , never stops , never loses courage . ’ One of the best of our American critics , Mr. BRYANT , remarks of this book : ‘ No work of modern times , even in an English dress , serves to convey so capital an idea of the style which made VOLTAIRE famous , as this last agreeable romance of the author of ‘ The Roman Question . ’ It is just such a story as TALLEYRAND would have told over his chocolate , and SYDNEY SMITH relished and decorated with impromptu comment . ’ THE LITERARY AND PROFESSIONAL WORKS OF FRANCIS BACON , Baron of Verulam , Viscount St. Albans , and Lord High Chancellor of England . Volume II . of the ‘ Literary and Professional Works ': pp . 454 . Boston : BROWN AND TAGGARD . OUR first praise of this series of BACON 'S works must be paid to that feature which first appeals to us through the eye — its typographical execution , by HOUGHTON , of the ‘ River-side Press ’ at Cambridge , near Boston , which may be pronounced fully equal to that of the first English printing in choice library editions of kindred standard works . The volume before us contains , with translations , BACON 'S eulogium upon HENRY Prince of Wales , and the characters of JULIUS and AUGUSTUS C Æ SAR — the original Latin , with translation . Also amendments and corrections inserted by BACON in a manuscript copy of CAMDEN 'S Annals . Then follow , prefaced by a curious bibliographical note by Mr. SPEDDING , the ‘ Essays or Counsels , Civil and Moral , ’ published from 1597 to 1625 , ( the year before his death ,) which exhibit ‘ the earliest and the latest fruits of BACON 'S observation in that field in which its value has been most approved by universal and undiminished popularity . These fifty-eight Essays , so wise and so eloquent in their simple yet forcible diction , occupy the greater portion of the volume , and the editor has translated the Latin quotations and added some necessary notes . There is an appendix to the essays , containing a Fragment of an Essay on Fame ; reprints of the first edition of 1597 , containing only ten , and of the second edition of 1612 , with thirty-eight essays , and two essays attributed to BACON without authority ; but , notwithstanding some similarity of style , marked by Mr. SPEDDING as spurious . There is , also , BACON 'S treatise De Sapientia Veterum , itself a curiously learned book , the translation of which will appear in a future volume . ‘ BACON was one of the most remarkable men the world has ever seen . His character is a remarkable compound of the greatest nobleness and the most contemptible meanness . But of his intellect , no two opinions have ever been expressed . If we knew BACON only by his works , we should be bound to esteem him to be as good as he was undeniably a great man . ’ GUESSES AT TRUTH . By TWO BROTHERS . From the fifth London edition . Boston : TICKNOR AND FIELDS . THE PROVERBS and ECCLESIASTES are still without rival or peer , notwithstanding that LACON has given us some good apothegms , and MARTIN FARQUHAR TUPPER , who undertook to render King SOLOMON into polite English , has had an amazing ‘ run . ’ A good proverb is always acceptable : a poor one vexes us always , because the maker assumes the position of teacher , and has no right to be either stupid or mediocre . To set one thinking is more difficult , and indeed more laudable , than to furnish one with thoughts ; as it is more praiseworthy to put one in the way of earning a living , than merely to bestow a charity . It is easy , however , to assume the air oracular ; in fact there is more or less strength , prima facia , in a pretentious position ; and a platitude let off under cover of high-sounding words may be very imposing . We have in ‘ Guesses at Truth , ’ a book of five hundred and fifty-five pages , originally published in England more than thirty years ago by two brothers , clergymen , we believe , and now reprinted by the respectable house of TICKNOR AND FIELDS . We have looked carefully through the volume ; and for once are forced to differ with the publishers as to the taste of reproducing the book here . With the exception of some very fair criticisms on SHAKSPEARE , MILTON , and one or two others , borrowed a good deal from GOETHE and SCHLEGEL , and certain extended disquisitions absorbed evidently from WORDSWORTH and COLERIDGE , the book is utterly common-place . A good deal of it we remember to have met with in our various newspaper clippings — a good deal we confess never to have before encountered . In ‘ Guesses at Truth ’ the French come in for very severe hits from the ‘ TWO BROTHERS ’ whenever opportunity serves : they are full of the English prejudices of the last century . Mark the following sagacious comparison : ‘ The French rivers partake of the national character . [ We should think it would be just the reverse .— ED .] Many of them look broad , grand and imposing , but they have no depth ; and the greatest river in the country , the Rhone , loses half its usefulness from the impetuosity of its current ! ’ Hear this precious piece of intelligence : ‘ France — the only region between Lapland and Morocco where youth is without bloom , and age without dignity ! ’ Here is something new about the ‘ best talkers in the world : ’ ‘ Talk to a dozen Englishmen on any subject : there will be something peculiar and characteristic in the remarks of each . Talk to a dozen Frenchmen : they will all make the very same remark , and almost in the same words . ’ But let us give the reader a specimen of the more abstract ‘ Guesses : ’ ‘ What a pity it is there are so many words ! Whenever one wants to say any thing , three or four ways of saying it run into one 's head together ; and one can n't tell which to choose . It is as troublesome or as puzzling as choosing a ribbon or a husband . ’ Read the following . It is Blackstonian : ‘ A use must have preceded an abuse properly so called . ’ The next strikes us as exceedingly original : ‘ A little management may often evade resistance which a vast force might vainly strive to overcome . ’ And this : ‘ Children always turn toward the light . Oh ! that grown-up people in this world would become like little children ! ’ The art-world owes much for what follows : ‘ A portrait has one advantage over its original : it is unconscious ; and so you may admire without insulting it . I have seen portraits which have more . ’ ( Sic .) Here is something worthy a place in the ‘ Rules of Etiquette : ’ ‘ A compliment is usually accompanied by a bow , as if to beg pardon for paying it . ’ We have puzzled over the following and ‘ give it up : ’ ‘ What way of circumventing a man can be so easy and suitable as a period ? The name should be enough to put us on our guard ; the experience of every age is not . ’ Further on we read : ‘ Truth endues man 's purposes with somewhat of immutability . ’ This reminds us of the cautious writer who stated that ‘ most men were mortal ! ’ For further examples of senseless platitudes dictatorially expressed , we refer the reader to the work passim . There is nothing more ridiculous than the deliberate sitting-down to write a book of proverbs and reflections . How unlike the genuine flow of the table-talk of some of our best men or the words of wisdom forced , as it were , from the lips of experience . In short , we are sick of pompous mediocrity on stilts : of that placid egotism which complacently assumes the office of guide and teacher , though incapable of aught but the tedious common-place . We do not want the thoughts of great men passed through such alembics — in fact , we much prefer to dilute our own proverbs if they prove too strong for us . ‘ Guesses at Truth ’ is beautifully printed on fine paper with clear type ; after the newest style of the accomplished publishers . We regret to say the text is marred by the change of spelling of words ending in ed . Thus we find : reacht , lookt , discust , toucht , fixt , packt , etc ., etc .— instead of reached , looked , discussed , touched , fixed , packed . ‘ As the body to the soul , so the word to the thought , ’ and we do not believe in thus mutilating what we are led by habit at least to consider a fair proportion . PROFESSOR VALENTINE MOTT 'S SURGICAL CLINIQUES IN THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW-YORK . Session 1859-60 . Reported by SAMUEL W. FRANCIS , M. D . THIS volume , which is gotten up in the best style of typography , and illustrated with many superior engravings , embraces a report of nearly one hundred surgical cases treated by the eminent surgeon , Professor VALENTINE MOTT , M. D . The treatment of the cases is simple and judicious , and they are narrated clearly and concisely . The work is of great practical value and interest to the medical profession , and reflects credit on its able reporter , Dr. SAMUEL W. FRANCIS . It is embellished with a very accurate portrait of Professor MOTT . WA-WA-WANDA : A LEGEND OF OLD ORANGE . In one Volume : pp . 280 . New-York : RUDD AND CARLETON , Corner of Grand and Crosby-streets . This is a book seriously written , containing the narrative of an old Indian called WINTER PIPPIN . The author , declining the trouble of giving us a measure of his own , which certainly the originality of his work demands , has modestly employed that of Mr. LONGFELLOW 'S HIAWATHA , for which Mr. LONGFELLOW ought to be very grateful . The book before us — the work , a-hem !— on our table — reader , it 's no use ; we can n't write prose after reading it . We are alone in our sanctum — no friend present to hold us in . We are wound up to a pitch of excitement , the case is desperate , it must come . O shade of WINTER PIPPIN , listen ! HERE 'S a poem as is a poem , Poem writ for all the ages ; Poem sung by WINTER PIPPIN , ‘ Winter Pippin — Piping Pippin . ’ Should you ask us , gentle reader , Is it twaddle , sorry twaddle ? Is it bosh and utter nonsense , Nonsense all , not worth the paper , Or the ink with which ‘ tis printed ? We should answer , we should tell you , Buy the book and read it , read it , Pay your last red dollar for it , For this song of ‘ Wa-wa-wanda . ’ Say no more , O carping critic ! That our time hath borne no poet ; Poet born to chant the chorus , Chorus of the mighty Present ; Sing the age — its living genius , Sing the age — its grand upheavings , Sleepy nations slow awaking , Crownless kings with ague shaking ; Sing the night , chased by the morning , Sing the day that now is dawning . Mourn no more , O wailing critic ! For HE 's come . His name is PIPPIN , Winter Pippin — not a Greening , Not a Golden , but a Pippin — And he sings in sweetest measure , Sings this song of ‘ Wa-wa-wanda . ’ ( How it rhymes with ‘ goosey gander . ’ ) Shades of HOMER , SHAKSPEARE , MILTON ! From your graves rise up and greet him , Greet him with your heads uncovered , Beavers doffed , with low obeisance , All your hats off in his presence . Minstrel ! thou who now art singing , Singing through this mighty nation , ( Greatest nation in creation ,) HENRY WADSWORTH , long-drawn FELLOW , Ye who sang of HIAWATHA , Sang the charming golden legend , Sang the voices of the darkness , Cease your singing , hush your fiddle , Hang your jews-harp on the willows . WHITTIER , too , and tuneful LOWELL , Funny HOLMES , and graceful STODDARD , Ye who soar in upper ether , Feel at home the while you 're up there — Down at once , and fold your pinions , Fold them , for the EAGLE soareth , Soareth where ye cannot follow . All ye poets , Yankee poets , Go to bed and sleep upon it , Ere again ye sound the cymbals , Sound the cymbals , wake the echoes Which have floated o'er the waters , Floated sweetly o'er the waters , Till far-distant climes have heard them . Time and space would surely fail us , Were we now to show the beauties , Show the beauties of this poem , Poem writ for all the ages ; How there lived a cider-maker , ‘ He , the first of cider-makers ; How his cunning built a saw-mill , Sawed right through the Western country , Into cask-staves sawed the forests , Threw the slabs in the Pacific , Threw the scrags in the Missouri . ’ How he squeezed the juicy apples , How he loved the juicy cider , How he thought the world a barrel , Bound together by a cooper , Filled with cider to the bung-hole ; How he feared ‘ twould ‘ burst its hoops off , Burst its hoops and split asunder ; ’ How it did n't split asunder , But on fire was set one evening , When the careless sun , retiring , ‘ Went to sleep and left his candle , Slept and left his candle burning ; And it caught the chamber-curtains , Caught and set them all a-blazing . ’ How he thought , in month of August , DRACO the meridian straddles , ‘ Elongates himself to northward , Nine degrees and twenty northward ; And then thirteen more to westward , Takes another twist , and downward Slaps his tail of starry spangles In the face of URSA MAJOR . ’ How , one day , ‘ AURORA opened Not as wide as wont her portals ; And the day-king , PH Æ TON driving , Ran against and brake the gate-posts : Day of dash and dark disaster ; And with sun-dogs set , the heavens Frowned affronted , scowled and scolded . ’ ‘ Hold ! no more ! in mercy spare me ! ’ Thus the reader now is pleading . Can it be that taste poetic From the world has fled forever ? Can such lofty , moving numbers , Tire the reader in a second , Tire him in a fleeting second ? Ere we part , O mighty poet ! Poet of the tuneful numbers , Hear , oh ! hear , our meek petition : Hear an ancient KNICKERBOCKER ! Greatly long we once to see thee , Once to gaze upon thy visage , Once to hear the voice that sung it , Once to press the hand that wrote it , Once to feel the bumps that thought it , Once to clip the hair it came through ; ( Clip a lock off for a locket .) Once to tell thee all our wonder , All our joy at this thy music , Music sweet as ‘ Goosey-Gander , ’ Music sung of ‘ Wa-Wa-Wanda , ’ Music sung of apple-cider . Call on us , O mighty Pippin ! At our snug and quiet sanctum , Sanctum in the second story , Of the building fifth in number , Fifth in street that men call Beekman , In the city known as Gotham ; And — our word is now at stake , Sir , You our beaver hat can take , Sir , Take our hat , our cherished beaver ! LEWIS ’ NEW GYMNASTICS FOR LADIES , GENTLEMEN AND CHILDREN : AND BOSTON JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE : a Monthly Journal : pp . 16 . Edited by Dr. D. LEWIS of Boston . WE have seen only one number of this work ; but we are so much pleased with the plan and general execution of this first issue , that we give it a cordial welcome and commend it to the American people as worthy of the most liberal patronage . There is no subject upon which the men and women of our country , and even the professed educators of the rising generation , are more profoundly ignorant than that of physical culture ; and until the laws of physical health are better understood and observed , we need not expect much increase in intellectual or moral vigor . We wish to see on this continent a race of noble men and women , alike healthy and robust in body and in mind . Therefore we hail joyfully every instrumentality which wisely aims to improve the race . Dr. LEWIS has for many years been devoted to the subject of physical education , and his new and admirable system of gymnastic training has elicited the warmest expressions of approbation from those who have witnessed its beneficent results . We bespeak for his noble enterprise the liberal patronage which it so richly merits . The specimen number of his excellent paper now before us , is alone worth nearly the price of the year 's subscription , which is but a single dollar . CONSIDERATIONS ON SOME OF THE ELEMENTS AND CONDITIONS OF SOCIAL WELFARE AND HUMAN PROGRESS : being Academical and Occasional Discourses and Other Pieces . By C. S. HENRY , D. D . In one Volume : pp . 415 . New-York : D. APPLETON AND COMPANY . THIS volume , the writer admits in the outset , contains some things which are not quite in unison with the tone of popular opinion , particularly in relation to the working of our political institutions , and to our future fortunes as a nation . ‘ But who is the better lover of his country , ’ he asks , ‘ he who lulls the people with soft strains of pleasing adulation , and kindles their fancy with bright pictures of future greatness and glory ; or he who tells them of the rocks and dangers which are around them , and of the conditions on which their safety depends ? ’ The author professes to ‘ love his country as much as any man that breathes ; ’ but he does not think the best way to show it is by perpetual eulogies on our superiority as a nation : he does not think that the best way to make a ‘ glorious future ’ of our country sure , is to be forever casting brilliant horoscopes , without a single suggestion of the possibilities of disaster and defeat . ‘ At all events , ’ he adds , ‘ there are enough to flatter our self-love ; let one faithful friend be permitted to point out our faults : there are enough to cry peace and safety ; let one voice of warning be tolerated . ’ The discussions of the volume touch upon great problems of human thought , and embrace questions of high scientific and practical interest . Of the themes treated of , there may be mentioned the following : ‘ The Importance of Elevating the Intellectual Spirit of the Nation ; ’ ‘ The Position and Duties of the Educated Men of the Country ; ’ ‘ The True Idea of the University , and its Relation to a Complete System of Public Instruction ; ’ ‘ California , and the Historical Significance of its Acquisition ; ’ ‘ The Providence of God the Genius of Human History ; ’ ‘ Young America : the True Idea of Progress ; ’ together with papers upon ‘ The Destination of the Human Race , ’ ( a somewhat bold ‘ subject , ’ and scarcely capable of safe ‘ handling , ’ ) ‘ Remarks on Mr. BANCROFT 'S Oration on Human Progress ; ’ ‘ President-Making , ’ in ‘ Three Letters to the Hon . JOSIAH QUINCY , ’ and a dissertation on ‘ Politics and the Pulpit . ’ Here , as our readers may perceive , are ample ‘ fields of thought : ’ and in the library at ‘ Greystones ’ they have been cultivated to much fructification . Let us give a slight taste of our author 's quality : thereabout especially where he speaks , in terse , significant , unmistakable language , in respect of ‘ The University ’ proper , with its ‘ True Idea and Relations . ’ Observe , please , that he considers ‘ self-made men ’ as being deprived , by lack of a truly ‘ liberal ’ education , of numerous scholarly ‘ tools , ’ by the use of which they might greatly have advanced their ‘ name and fame . ’ In these matter-full sentences , reader , you may consider ‘ Dr. OLDHAM , of Greystones ’ ( ‘ are you there , old TRUEPENNY ? ’ ) seated in his beautiful library , now rendered famous , and cogitating upon ‘ self-made men ’ and their mistaken judgment , sometimes , in regard to the advantages to be derived from a sound and thorough university education . This is the portrait of one QUINTUS QUEERLEIGH , able editor of ‘ The Daily Trumpet : ’ ‘ HE is politician , philanthropist , social reformer , believer in social progress , in divinity of the people , ( except those who differ from him ,) believer in every thing more than in the wisdom of the Past . Clever man . Really able . Of manifold abilities . Can write . Can think , too . Says many wise and good things . Honest perhaps . So some think him . Great believer in himself , no doubt ; perhaps an honest believer in truth — that which he thinks such . But not a learned man . A self-made man : with the one-sidedness that often belong to such men . He has already in advance opposed you . He bloweth with his trumpet to the people , to warn them against you . He telleth them that Common Schools are for the people : Colleges and Universities are only to pamper the pride of the rich , the grinders of the faces of the people . He bloweth with his Trumpet against the legislators — warning them of the wrath of the people , if they take the people 's money to build up or sustain aristocratic institutions , contrary to the Gospel of Progress which the Trumpet proclaimeth : ‘ Peace on earth ; and every man 's coat cut the same length with his neighbor 's . ‘ Useless institutions , too , ’ saith QUEERLEIGH . ‘ Look at me . Am not I an able editor , politician , social reformer , writer , thinker ? No college made me . I made myself . That is the way to make men . ’ ‘ Foolish QUEERLEIGH ! Foolish able editor ! Knowest thou not that there was a stuff in thee , and a spirit that has made thee an exception to the general rule ? Few men , perhaps , with thy lack of advantages , would make themselves as able as thou art . But with the advantages thou lackedst , many might . Beside , clever as thou art , able editor , writer , thinker , thou art not a learned man . No disgrace . How shouldst thou be ? The thing for thee to be ashamed of is , that thou shouldst decry what thou hast not . For , those who are both as able as thou art , and as learned as thou art not , have said and testified in many ways , from age to age , that learning , high learning and science , and the discipline that comes with them , are good things , and minister to the greater ability of the ablest of able men . Hadst thou started in thy career of life possessed of the manifold culture and accomplishment of a thoroughly educated man , thou mightest have beaten thy actual self as much as thou now beatest many a printer 's apprentice with whom thou didst begin thy career . ’ Hear , also , what our author saith of one PTOLEMY TONGUE-END — patriot , democrat , demagogue , orator ; who blows with his noisy breath a blast very much in unison with the ‘ Daily Trumpet : ’ ‘ HE ‘ stumpeth ’ at Ward meetings . Unlike editor QUEERLEIGH , he has no faith in the people , except in their gullibleness — no faith in any thing except the wisdom of buttering his bread with the people 's money . So he blows any blast that he thinks may help him to the favor of the sovereign people . He getteth into the legislature , and there opposes , with great wrath and noise , all grants to Colleges — calling them anti-democratic ; though he knows in his heart all the while that it is , of all things in the world , the most democratic , that the people should be taxed for the endowment of the highest institutions of learning , free to all , as are the Common Schools — that so the children of the people , out of the pockets of the rich , may receive an education that shall enable them to take their share in the great prizes of life . For nothing is more true than that the great prizes of life ( other things being equal ) are grasped by those who have the highest , most thorough and liberal education ; and without a great and perfect system of free Public Instruction , including the University and the Colleges , as well as the Common Schools , the children of the poor are , as a general rule , condemned to a hopeless disadvantage , in competition with the sons of the rich , in all the higher careers of life . There may be exceptional cases : but such must be the rule . This is so patent and palpable , it seems to me , to every man of common-sense and common candor , that I have little patience with the false and stupid twaddle which hollow-hearted demagogues , like TONGUE-END , or hopelessly wrong-headed able editors , like QUEERLEIGH , are perpetually pouring into the ears of the unenlightened masses : putting the Common Schools and Colleges in opposition to each other — as if there was any contradiction between them ; as if one was not as necessary as the other , as if every principle of that democracy they prate so about did not require that the State should provide , not only free primary instruction for all the children of the people , but also the highest instruction for all such of the children of the people as desire to go onward and upward into the higher spheres of useful and honorable exertion . Gentlemen , you may boldly join issue with these praters . Expose the foolishness of their hackneyed cant . Keep on doing so : and in due time , if you persevere , you will certainly disabuse the public mind . ’ As we have said , there is much matter for thoughtful consideration in the compass of this handsomely-executed book ; and we again commend it to the acceptance of our readers . PAGES AND PICTURES : From the Writings of J. FENIMORE COOPER . With Notes by SUSAN FENIMORE COOPER . In one Volume : pp . 400 . New-York : W. A. TOWNSEND AND COMPANY . IT is with even something more than ‘ unusual pleasure ’ that we call the attention of our readers to ‘ Pages and Pictures : ’ the superb work of Miss SUSAN FENIMORE COOPER , just issued by those enterprising and tasteful publishers , Messrs. W. A. TOWNSEND AND COMPANY , at Number 46 Walker-street , a locality where book-men ‘ most do congregate . ’ It is but simple justice to say , that no work so profusely and beautifully illustrated , and with such unlimited expenditure for paintings , engravings , paper , printing and binding , has ever been issued in this country . The engravings alone , executed from precious original pictures in the very highest style of the art of celature , we are assured , cost over ten thousand dollars ! The paper , fine and delicate in tint , is of the firm consistence of ‘ Bristol-Board , ’ the ne plus ultra of printing-paper : and of the binding we can only say that it is exceedingly tasteful — exceedingly beautiful . From a carefully-considered and elaborate review of this excellent work , by GEORGE RIPLEY , Esq ., we make the annexed brief but interesting extract . As touching the work by which Mr. COOPER first became popularly known to his countrymen as an American novelist , it is well worthy of preservation in these pages : ‘ THE plan of this volume has the attraction of novelty , and it is executed , not only in the spirit of filial affection , but with sound judgment , evincing the mingled frankness and reserve which were due to the relation between the subject and the editor . It consists of a selection of episodes from the writings of Mr. COOPER , illustrative of the different phases of his mind , and of the characteristics of his respective productions . In connection with these extracts , the editor has added a large amount of original matter , explaining the origin and history of Mr. COOPER 'S most important works , and giving a variety of biographical incidents and reminiscences , which serve to throw light on the personal career of the distinguished novelist . ‘'The Spy ’ was the first work which bore the unmistakable impress of Mr. COOPER 'S genius , and laid the deep foundations of his fame . The scene of this story was laid in Westchester , where he then lived , and it is not difficult to describe the local circumstances by which it was suggested . The incidents of the Revolution had not ceased to be the topics of conversation among the people of the neighborhood . Many who had taken an active part in the great struggle still survived . The gray-haired house-wife , as she sat at the wheel , spinning her thread of flax or wool , would talk of the armies she had seen passing her father 's door in her girlhood . There was scarcely a farm-house in the country which had not been ravaged by Cow-boys , Hessians , or Skinners . Homes had been destroyed by fire ; good yeoman blood had been shed ; life had been taken ; husband , father , or brother had fallen in some unrecorded skirmish , the hero of a rustic neighborhood . At the foot of the hill on which stood Mr. COOPER 'S cottage , there was the dwelling of a small farmer , who loved to visit his genial neighbor , telling stories of old times , and fighting over his battles with fresh interest , aroused by the spirited questions , the intelligent sympathy of his host . Other yeomen of the vicinity often joined the social circle . As they drank their glass of cider , picked over their hickory-nuts , or pared their Newtown pippin , all had some family tradition to relate of hairbreadth escape , of daring feat , of harried fields , of houses burned . ‘ But higher sources than these contributed to the leading idea of the new books . Visits to Bedford were very frequent at that period . One pleasant Summer 's afternoon , while sitting on the broad piazza of the house , Judge JAY and Mr. COOPER were listening to the conversation of the venerable JOHN JAY , as he related different facts connected with the history of the Revolution . From an incident which he then described , illustrating the services of a class of men who , in their patriotic zeal , were of the greatest importance in obtaining information for the Commander-in-Chief , the character of HARVEY BIRCH was suggested . Strolling peddlers , staff in hand and pack on back , were more common visitors at the country-houses of that day than at present . It was after the visit of one of these men , a Yankee peddler of the old sort , that the lot in life of HARVEY BIRCH was decided : he was to be a spy and a peddler . The novel was completed with great rapidity , and on its publication in September , 1821 , immediately attracted general attention , and met with the most brilliant success . It was found on every table , and enjoyed by all classes of readers . In Europe , the ‘ Spy ’ was received with great favor , and was soon translated into French . Miss EDGEWORTH expressed herself very warmly in its praise , and sent a complimentary message , through a common friend , to the author , declaring that she liked ‘ BETTY FLANAGAN ’ particularly , and that an Irish pen could not have drawn her better . The history of the other principal works of Mr. COOPER is given , interspersed with biographical details , of perpetual interest . We thus have the man and his writings combined in a graphic portraiture , which illustrates the strong individuality of the one and the characteristic boldness and vigor of the other . ’ It needs but to add , in respect of the volume which we have been considering , that it is worthy of the name and fame of COOPER , and worthy of the name and fame of his present publishers . EDITOR 'S TABLE . EDITORIAL HISTORICAL NARRATIVE OF THE KNICKERBOCKER MAGAZINE : NUMBER NINETEEN .— Our last number of this ‘ Narrative-History ’ was shorter by some eight pages than its predecessors : so that we had no space to finish our consideration of the ‘ Ollapodiana Papers , ’ which we now resume , in connection with other early writings for the KNICKERBOCKER . The few brief passages which we quoted , did not afford a fair example of the variety , the change of mood and manner which this short but admirable series displayed . A passage in the remarks of the author of the paper in the last North-British Review , ’ elsewhere noticed in these pages , admirably and truly represents the characteristics of WILLIS GAYLORD CLARK 'S mind and pen , in these popular papers : ‘ The man who can laugh as well as weep is most a man . The greatest humorists have also been the most serious seers , and men of most earnest heart . And all those who have manifested the finest perfection of spiritual health have enjoyed the merry sun-shine of life , and wrought their work with a spirit of blithe bravery . ’ The very last chapter of ‘ Ollapodiana , ’ written when the writer was prostrated by the illness from which he never recovered , was as felicitous and mirth-moving as any of the numbers which preceded it : and yet the pathos which characterized his sadder musings , as he drew near and nearer to the grave , failed not to draw tears from many a sympathetic soul . We pass to a few more brief and characteristic passages . As WILLIS approached the end of his earthly pilgrimage , his thoughts grew solemn , deep , mournful possibly , but yet not sad . Thus he says , in the last number but one of Ollapodiana : ‘ IT is no long time , respected reader , since we communed together . Yet , how many matters have happened since that period , which should give us pause , and solemn meditation ! We are still extant ; the beams of our spirit still shine from our eyes ; yet there are many who , since last my sentences came to yours , have drooped their lids forever upon things of earth . Numberless ties have been severed ; numberless hearts rest from their pantings , and sleep , ‘ no more to fold the robe o'er secret pain . ’ All the deceits , the masks of life , are ended with them . Policy no more bids them to kindle the eye with deceitful lustre ; no more prompts to semblance , which feeling condemns . They are gone !— ‘ ashes to ashes , and dust to dust ; ’ and when I think of the numbers who thus pass away , I am pained within me ; for I know from them that our life is not only as a dream which passeth away , but that the garniture , or the carnival of it , is indeed a vapor , sun-gilt for a moment , then colored with the dun hues of death , or stretching its dim folds afar , until their remotest outlines catch the imperishable glory of eternity . Such is life ; made up of successful or successless accidents ; its movers and actors , from the cradle to three-score-and-ten , pushed about by Fate not their own ; aspiring but impotent ; impelled as by visions , and rapt in a dream — which who can dispel ? ’ We cite the following here , to show still farther the solemnity of his musings , and mellifluous perfection of his versification . Mark how the liquid sounds melt into melody in the lines which ensue : ‘ YOU must know , reader , that there lieth , some three miles or so from Brotherly Love — a city of this continent , a delectable city — a place of burial , ‘ Laurel Hill ’ by name . On a sweeter spot the great sun never threw the day-spring of the morning , nor the blush of the evening west . There the odors and colors of nature profusely repose ; there , to rest of a spring or summer afternoon , on some rural seat , looking at trees , and dancing waters , and the like , you would wonder at that curious question addressed of DEAN SWIFT , on his death-bed , to a friend at his side : ‘ Did you ever know of any really good weather in this world ? ’ You would take the affirmative . Well , thus I sang : ‘ HERE the lamented dead in dust shall lie , Life 's lingering languors o'er — its labors done ; Where waving boughs , betwixt the earth and sky , Admit the farewell radiance of the sun . ‘ Here the long concourse from the murmuring town , With funeral pace and slow , shall enter in ; To lay the loved in tranquil silence down , No more to suffer , and no more to sin . ‘ And here the impressive stone , engraved with words Which Grief sententious gives to marble pale , Shall teach the heart , while waters , leaves and birds Make cheerful music in the passing gale . ‘ Say , wherefore should we weep , and wherefore pour On scented airs the unavailing sigh — While sun-bright waves are quivering to the shore , And landscapes blooming — that the loved should die ? ‘ There is an emblem in this peaceful scene : Soon , rainbow colors on the woods will fall ; And autumn gusts bereave the hills of green , As sinks the year to meet its cloudy pall . ‘ Then , cold and pale , in distant vistas round , Disrobed and tuneless , all the woods will stand : While the chained streams are silent as the ground , As death had numbed them with his icy hand . ‘ Yet , when the warm soft winds shall rise in spring , Like struggling day-beams o'er a blasted heath ; The bird returned shall poise her golden wing , And liberal nature break the spell of death . ‘ So , when the tomb 's dull silence finds an end , The blessed Dead to endless youth shall rise ; And hear the archangel 's thrilling summons blend Its tones with anthems from the upper skies . ‘ There shall the good of earth be found at last , Where dazzling streams and vernal fields expand ; Where Love her crown attains — her trials past — And , filled with rapture , hails the better land ! ’ ‘ Thus I strummed the old harpsichord , from which I have aforetime , at drowsy hours and midnight intervals , extracted a few accidental numbers , ( more pleasant doubtless to beget than read ,) ‘ sleepless myself , to give to others sleep !' ’ ‘ WELL , that is the only way to write without fatigue , both to author and reader . In all that pertains to the petty businesses which bow us to the routine of this work-day world , I am as it were at home . I am distinctly a mover in the great tide of Action sweeping on around me ; yet when I enter into the sanctuary of the Muses , lo ! at one wave of the spiritual wand , this ‘ dim and ignorant present ’ disappears . I breathe a rarer atmosphere . Visions of childhood throng upon my soul ; the blue mountain-tops ; the aerial circles of far-off landscapes ; the hazy horizon of ocean-waters ; the wind-tossed verdure of summer ; the hills that burst into singing ; and the sweet harmonies of nature — Universal Parent !— all appeal to my spirit . This dismemberment of the ideal from the actual , is a fountain of enjoyment , which whoso knows not , has yet the brightest lessons of life to learn . He has yet to enter that fairy dominion which seems the intermediate territory betwixt the airy realms conceived of in this world , and the more radiant glories of the ‘ undiscovered country .' ’ Yet in the succeeding number we find the writer indulging in such whimsical imaginings as the following : ‘ OBSERVE , my friend , I am not writing against time ; so let us slowly on . My impressions of the old gentleman are sometimes extremely fantastic . I was looking the other day at a playful young cat , just emerging from the fairy time of kittenhood ; something between the revelry of the fine mewer , and the gravity without the experience of the tabby . Now one would think that no great subject for contemplation . It would be looked upon by the million as inferior to astronomy . But it is the connection of the events having reference to the quadruped which renders her of interest . Time will expand her person , increase her musical powers , and bring her admirers . In her back , on winter evenings , will sleep a tolerable imitation of the lightnings of heaven . She will make great noise o ’ nights , and lap at interdicted cream . So much for her exterior — her love-passages and obstreperous concerts . But look within ! That compact embodiment of ligaments and conduits , now treading gingerly over those fading leaves , and grapes of purple , what may they not be hereafter ? Whose hearts may they not thrill , when strung on the sonorous bridge of a cremona , guided to softest utterances by the master hand ? How many memories of youth , and hope , and fond thoughts , and sunny evenings , and bowers by moonlight , radiant with the beams of Cynthia , and warm with the sweet reflex of Beauty ; the heart , touched by the attempered entrail , rosin-encompassed and bow-bestrid , may bound in age with recollections of departed rapture . And all from what ? Smile not at the association , my friend — from Time and cat-gut . ’ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ‘'TWAS a new idea to me , that conveyed of late by the author of ‘ LESLIE , ’ surnamed NORMAN , that the only things you see , after crossing the Atlantic , which you have seen before , are the orb of day , sometimes vulgarly called PHOEBUS or the sun , the chaste Regent of the Night or LUNA , that greenhorns sometimes denominate the moon , and those jewels of heaven — ‘ doubloons of the celestial bank , ’ as a Spanish poet calls them — sometimes named stars , by plain uninitiated persons . These , it seems , are the only old acquaintances a man meets abroad . They are not to be put by . A man may curse his stars , indeed , but he cannot cut them . As well might the great sea essay ‘ to cast its waters on the burning Bear , and quench the guards of the ever-fix é d pole . ’ Therefore shall I learn henceforth yet more to love those dazzling planets , fixed or errant , because in no long time I may meet them in Philippi . Precious then to me will be their bright companionship ! Milky feelings will come over me , as I scrutinize the via lactea , with upturned eyes ; conscious will be the moon ; inexpressibly dear every glimpse of the lesser lights that rule the night with modest fires . Without the slightest premonitory symptoms of astrology , and being withal no horologe consulter , I yet do love the stars . Rich , rare and lustrous , they win my gaze , and look into my soul . ’ In the twenty-sixth number , the last of the series , there is the same combination of the humorous and the pathetic , which constituted the variety and the charm of the Ollapodiana Papers . With these brief passages we close our ‘ labor of love ’ and duty to the literary memory of our departed twin-brother . ‘ How do you bear yourself , my friend and reader , on the subject of winter generally ? What are ‘ your views ? ’ If you are young and sanguine , with no revulsions or tempests of the heart to remember , I will warrant that you like old Hyem , and patronize that most windy individual , Boreas , of that ilk . Well , you have a free right to your opinion , and if you held it two years or less ago , you had the honor to agree with me . But I confess on that point a kind of warped idiosyncrasy ; an unaccountable change of opinion . The truth is , reader , between you and me , there is not much dignity in winter , in a city . When , in the country , you can look out upon the far-off landscapes , the cold blue hills rising afar , and where a snow-bank is really what it is cracked up to be ; where the blast comes sounding to your dwelling over a sweep of woods , and lakes , and snowy fields , for miles of dim extension , there is some grandeur in the thing . But what is it to hear a blast , half-choked with the smoke and soot of the city , wheezing down a contemptible chimney-pot , or round a corner , where the wind , that glorious emblem of freedom , has no charter at all to ‘ blow out ’ as he pleases , but is confined by the statute of brick-and-mortar restrictions ? ’ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ‘ I HAVE turned this subject of steam-music extensively over in my mind , of late ; and I have married myself to the idea , after a very short courtship , that it is a kind of thing that must go on . At the first blush , indeed , it might appear chimerical ; but I ask the skeptic why the steam-whistle of a locomotive should not discourse in tones more soft and winning ? Why cannot a locomotive ask a cow to leave a railroad track in a politer manner than in that discordant shriek , which excites the animal 's indignation , and awakens her every sentiment of quadrupedal independence ? I protest against such conduct . We presume a locomotive to buzz , and vapor , and deport itself pragmatically ; but its conversation by the way ought to be chastened into something like propriety : and please APOLLO , I think it will . I once saw an animal of this stamp killed instantly by the crushing transit of a train ; and I thought I saw in the singular turn of her upper lip , as her torn-out heart lay yet palpitating on the rails , a peculiar curl of disdain , in her dying moments , at the treatment she had won . I put this down , because I hope ‘ t will be remembered as a warning to whistlers in especial , and the great generation of calves unborn . ’ ‘ ON one of those warm April-like afternoons , with which , in our Philadelphia meridian , the fierce February chose to delight us , as if by contrast , I sat by my open window , which commands , through and over pleasant trees , fine glimpses of the country : and ‘ As the red round sun descended , Mid clouds of crimson light , ’ I began to feel coming upon me the influence of a reverie . For a long time , my good friend whom I ‘ occupy ’ at present with this matter , I have had my day-dreams sadly broken in upon ; in the few roses I have gathered , I have found the cypress mingling among their faded leaves ; and a voice , as from the lowly leafiness of an autumnal wilderness , has spoken of the lost and of the past . Why is it , that though the mind may wander , the heart can never forget ? Well could I say with him who sings so well : ‘ Thou unrelenting Past ! Strong are the barriers round thy dark domain ; And fetters , sure and fast , Hold all that enter thy unbreathing reign . ‘ In thy abysses hide Beauty and excellence unknown ; to thee Earth 's wonder and her pride Are gathered as the waters to the sea ! ’ And there they rest in dust and cold obstruction ! Oh ! that those who walk about in the beauty of the morning , with the greenness of earth around them , and the mysterious vitality which makes the elements in their nostrils , would think of this ; considering truly their coming end ! ’ AMONG our frequent and always welcome early contributors , in prose and verse , was LEWIS W. MANSFIELD , Esq . Our old readers will recal the papers which appeared from his pen , under the signature of ‘ JULIAN . ’ His prose was more felicitous than his verse ; although in the ‘ Morning Watch , ’ and other of his poems , there were many noble passages . The subjoined will afford an example of his humorous prose : ‘ IT would be amusing , if one could laugh at any thing so sad , to observe the humors of the few who think upon the bearings of this solemn time . In the year to be , there are many to come , many to go , and but few to tarry ; yet all have their ambitions of a life-time ; those even , to whom the stars have grown dim , and life become almost a mockery under Heaven , dashing into the coming day with something of the old zest ; while the many , the oi polloi , who have not yet made their grand move , are now ready , and think that therefore the earth is to take a new route in creation : forgetting that the old round must be the round forever . Nights sleepless with joy , nights sleepless with pain , nights long with watching , feverish thought ; crime that stings like an adder , and nights short , with perfect rest ; days long and weary , days bright and dashing , hot and cold , wet and dry , and days and nights with all of these — as hath been in the time that 's past , and will be in the time to come . ‘ There is something very pitiable in these humors ; indeed very laughable , if your mouth is shaped to that effect ; but as it happens with me to-night , my mouth refuses to twitch except in one direction . Its corners have the ‘ downward tendencies . ’ Perhaps it is because this is with me the anniversary of a day upon the events of which are hanging the movements of all after-life ; it may be this , and there may be thereto added the coloring of a winter 's day . The wind howls about the house-tops , and the air pierces like needles ; even the stars , when they look down in thousands , as the rack goes by , seem to shiver in their high places ; yet perhaps there is nothing so personal in all that , considering that just so the wind howled last night , and may for a month to come ; but oh ! as I am a nervous man , and look back upon the circling months , and feel the sting here and the stab there , in that galvanic battery ; and as I look forward with eager eye , and ear open to the faintest whisper of the dim to-morrow , it is not as the stars shiver from excess of light , but with a shudder at the heart from the cooler blood of —— Good night , my kind EDITOR : that sentence is quite too long already , and there are some things too personal to tell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ‘ P. S .— Whoop ! hurrah ! Light is upon the world again ! Where are you , my dear friend ? I say , Sir , I was an ass — do you hear ?— an ass , premature , wise before my time , a brute , a blockhead ! Did I talk of dust and ashes ? O Sir ! I lied multitudinously . Every nerve , every muscle that did n't try to strangle me in that utterance , lied . No , Sir ; let me tell you it 's a great world ; glorious — magnificent ; a world that can n't be beat ! Talk of the stars and a better world , but do n't invite me there yet . Make my regrets , my apology to DEATH , but say that I can n't come ; ‘ positive engagement ; happy some other time , but not now . ’ Oh ! no ; this morning is quite too beautiful to leave ; and beside , I would rather stay , if only to thank God a little longer for this glorious light , this pure air that can echo back my loudest hurrah . And then , my boy —— But have n't I told you ? Why , Sir , I 've got a boy !— a boy ! ha , ha ! I shout it out to you — a BOY ; a ten-pounder , and the mother a great deal better than could be expected ! And , I say , my old friend , it 's mine ! Hurrah and hallelujah forever ! O Sir ! such legs , and such arms , and such a head !— and he has his mother 's lips ! I can kiss them forever ! And then , Sir , look at his feet , his hands , his chin , his eyes , his every thing , in fact — so perfect ! Give me joy , Sir : no you need n't either , I am full now ; I run over ; and they say that I ran over a number of old women , half-killed the mother , pulled the doctor by the nose , and upset a ‘ pothecary shop in the corner ; and then did n't I ring the tea-bell ? Did n't I blow the horn ? Did n't I dance , shout , laugh , and cry altogether ? The women say they had to tie me up . I do n't believe that ; but who is going to shut his mouth up when he has a live baby ? You should have heard his lungs , Sir , at the first mouthful of fresh air ; such a burst ! A little tone in his voice , but not pain ; excess of joy , Sir , from too great sensation . The air-bath was so sudden , you know . Think of all his beautiful machinery starting off at once in full motion ; all his thousand outside feelers answering to the touch of the cool air ; the flutter and crash at the ear ; and that curious contrivance the eye , looking out wonderingly and bewildered upon the great world , so glorious and dazzling to his unworn perceptions ; his net-work of nerves , his wheels and pulleys , his air-pumps and valves , his engines and reservoirs ; and within all , that beautiful fountain , with its jets and running streams dashing and coursing through the whole length and breadth , without either stint or pause — making altogether , Sir , exactly ten pounds avoirdupois ! ‘ Did I ever talk brown to you , Sir , or blue , or any other of the devil 's colors ? You say I have . Beg your pardon , Sir , but you — are mistaken in the individual . I am this day , Sir , multiplied by two . I am duplicate . I am number one of an indefinite series , and there 's my continuation . And you observe , it is not a block , nor a block-head , nor a painting , nor a bust , nor a fragment of any thing , however beautiful ; but a combination of all the arts and sciences in one ; painting , sculpture , music , ( hear him cry ,) mineralogy , chemistry , mechanics , ( see him kick ,) geography , and the use of the globes , ( see him nurse ;) and withal , he is a perpetual motion — a time-piece that will never run down ! And who wound it up ? But words , Sir , are but a mouthing and a mockery . ‘ When a man is nearly crushed under obligations , it is presumed that he is unable to speak ; but he may bend over very carefully , for fear of falling , nod in a small way , and say nothing ; and then , if he have sufficient presence of mind to lay a hand upon his heart , and look down at an angle of forty-five degrees , with a motion of the lips , unuttered poetry , showing the wish and the inability , it will be ( well done ) very gracefully expressive . With my boy in his first integuments , I assume that position , make the small nod aforesaid , and leave you the poetry unuttered . ’ We hope our readers will soon welcome ‘ JULIAN ’ as heartily to our pages as they were wont to do aforetime . STORY OF ‘ THE LITTLE BLACK SLIPPER . ’ — The spirited sketch of ‘ The Little Black Slipper , ’ which ensues — the beautiful manuscript of which is a treasure to our compositors — was accompanied by a characteristic notelet from our esteemed friend and correspondent , ‘ H. P. L ., ’ of Philadelphia , to the following purport : ‘ The accompanying MS ., the production of my amiable friend , Mr. JAMES O'FISTIAN , of Castle-Bangeroary , details a little incident in his ‘ Careerings and Loaferings in Other Lands , ’ and — among other ladies . I have copied it and corrected it from his original MS ., but can lay no claim to its vitality . Its publication would prove a jubilition to its author : ’ ‘ SAID I , ‘ HARRY , where did you get that slipper ? ’ Said he , ‘ JAMES , this is the tale : ‘ If any thing will alleviate the little miseries of a two days ’ diligence-journey , it is having as pretty , good-natured , and cosmopolitan a little widow for your opposite travelling companion , as I had from Cordova on the Guadalquivir , to Madrid on the Manzanares . Tumbling into the ‘ interior ’ of a diligence at two o'clock of a June morning after a few hours spent in a vain attempt to sleep , rendered vain and profane by a legion of those tirailleurs du diable , long-horned mosquitoes , one is by no means as serene in temper as one should be . The writer was savage that morning ; and not until the mayoral ( conductor ) had brought a light to see if the passengers were all properly packed in , revealing the cheerful little face of a pretty woman opposite to him , did his good nature shine out as a patent reflector and dissipate the fog of discontent . ‘'A long journey before us : let us make ourselves comfortable , ’ said the lady , the departing mayoral with light just enabling me to see that there was a smile on her face . Then there was a shaking of black silk skirts , Gracias a Dios ! there were no steel or whalebone petticoats on her blessed form ; two little feet sought refuge on my side ; two good-sized ones searched for an asylum on her side the diligence ; and behold , we were disposed to be friends for life . I do n't know whether TUPPER , in his ‘ Proverbial Philosophy , ’ mentions under the head of ‘ Friendship ’ that it is ‘ a travelling shawl , ’ but in his next edition he 'd better do it , you know , BECAUSE IT IS ! At least that morning , when I spread mine over my legs , and extended the courtesy to the limbs ( Lingua Americana ) of the fair widow , she accepted the woollen with a kind acknowledgment that made me feel blessedly pleased with myself and with her . The bells of the eight mules pulling the diligence were jingling ; the postillion on the right leader had settled himself in his saddle ; the arriero had hold of the reins ; the mayoral jumped into his seat in the Imperial ; and the zugal , holding his cala ñ es hat tight on his head , sprung out of the door of the diligence-office , uttering fearful yells and cracking his whip with the ferocity of a mad monkey ; when — creak , bang , slide , slip ! and we were launched on our journey to Madrid . ‘ I went to sleep and had a pleasant dream of being a cherubim , the kind that flew round NOAH when he was building the Ark , and had no legs ! and having a dear little pair of gaiter boots for wings ; while I had for a companion , another æ ronaut with large black eyes , a propos of which — ‘ I NEVER loved a dear gazelle , And gazed upon its soft , black eyes , But what it turned out a d —— sell — A damsel heaving gentlest sighs ’ — who was all thy 's and thou 's . In addition to black eyes , she had black hair and a travelling-shawl , and she had feet ; and both the tiny little ones were somehow thrust into the pockets of my shooting-coat , and —— I woke up and found that there were a pair of little , high-heeled , black slippers , with white silk stockings attached , resting on the cushion by my side . You may talk about dream-books , and explanations of dreams , but such bona-fide realizations please me most : and I looked down at them and determined they should be mine if I had to go a hand on them — matrimonially of course , à la mode de ‘ I 'd offer thee this hand of mine , ’ with piano accompaniment . ‘ But she woke up , and as the sun was now shining brightly , she saw me regarding those ‘ leather mice , ’ whereupon she at once hid them , not by rudely withdrawing them , but by cuddling them up under one end of the travelling-shawl ; which end was in close proximity with my pantaloons pocket . Now reader fancy my feelings nursing a pair of twins like those ; belonging to a very pretty woman — moreover a widow . ‘'Buenas dias , Se ñ or ! ’ It was so cheerfully , pleasantly spoken , and with such a winning smile , and the dark eyes beamed so softly under the long black eye-lashes , that it elicited all the writer 's stock of amiability in return . It came out in conversation that the lady was from Seville , was a widow , and her first name was JUANITA , ( tal y tal , or So-and-So ;) and as I had passed many pleasant days in Seville , and bore away gay souvenirs of ‘ The Marvel , ’ we were soon in earnest chat about its wonders and beauties . She was charmingly na ï ve in conversation , and showed in every remark , what is an exception with Spanish ladies — an intelligent and animated disposition . At Bailen , where we dined , I lost my heart when I handed her from the diligence — beside , she faintly pressed my hand with her gloved hand , and showed me those feet ! ‘ There is no use doing things in a hurry , so I determined , as we were yet thirty-six hours from Madrid , to wait until we were within three hours of the city before I formally proposed for her heart , hand , and high-heeled shoes . Ay , que gusto , que placer ! ‘ Again was the old diligence en route ; again the shades of night were on us , and cool air brought out the travelling-shawl ; and again a joint partnership was entered into between JUANITA and me . Somehow , near Las Navas de Tolosa , the diligence gave a fearful lurch , and JUANITA was pitched nearly into my arms ; seems to me , she must have assisted the shock , else how , in all the darkness of night , for it must have been nearly ten o'clock , and raining , could I have kissed her and taken charge of her for nearly a minute , while the diligence was coming to time ? ‘ QUIEN SABE ! That 's the way to get over the difficulty in Spain ; in Italy with a — ‘ CHI LO SA ! or to hunt it up to head-quarters in Arabic : ‘ MA AHRIF ! if you want it at home : ‘ WHO KNOWS ! That was a rose-colored rainy night — the diligence pitched several times with equal success . ‘ I made up mind to turn Spaniard , buy one of those velvet tiles , a black lamb-skin jacket , knee-breeches , pounds of silver waistcoat and coat buttons , leather gaiters with long leather fringe ; learn to roll cigarritas and become a cigarrista . Go twice a week to the Circo Gallistico , ‘ where roosters do combat ; ’ bet my duros on the winning gallo , ( not gall oh ! but on the contrary ;) attend every bull-fight , and mass once a week , to keep my hand in ; dance the bolero ; drink aguardiente very cautiously ; shoot red-legged partridges all the year round , and , to sum up , come out strong as a full-blooded majo ! either this or edit a paper in Madrid progresisto . ‘ Again the morning broke and up came the sun illumining our breakfast at Valdepe ñ as , where the wine comes from , at least the baptismal name to table-wine half over Spain . I determined to edit a paper in Madrid , progresisto ! ‘ The day wheeled by until we arrived at Tembl é que , where our diligence was wheeled on to a railroad-car , and we were to make the fifteen leagues between there and Madrid with great diligence by steam . Tembl é que means a diamond pin ; it sticks me with pain when I think of it , for there , yes there ! JUANITA was lost to me ( as a wife ) forever . ‘ At Tembl é que , while taking a hurried lunch , I saw a bill announcing a bull-fight to come off in Madrid next day , and was glad to be able to enjoy this amusement once more ; on my return to the diligence , I communicated to the widow the interesting fact . ‘'O jala ! ’ said she , ‘ how I do love bull-fights ! And to see CUCHARES with the capa in one hand and sword in the other , H é soos ! he is a spada ; but you should have seen JUAN , ( pronounce WHAN ,) he always killed first blow . Ay Caramba ! there was a man for you — and such clothes and such legs — poor soul ! that last black bull from the mountains was too much for him — too much , too much ! ’ and here the widow paid a tribute of two tears to his memory , and flourished her little hands and white cambric disconsolately . ‘ This JUAN did not please me , although he had succumbed to the bull , and was gone where good bull-fighters go ; the tribute to his memory made me a little-slightly jealous . But concealing my feelings , I asked as unconcernedly as possible : ‘ Well , who was JUAN ? ’ ‘'JUAN ? ’ replied the dear widow , ‘ JUAN ? why , he was my husband ! ’ ‘ Farewell , orange-flower wreaths , white lace veils , and slow on — farewell , ideas matrimonial . I , HARRY BUTTONS DE BUTTONVILLE , marry a bull-fighter 's widow ! By the shadow of my respectability , never ! ‘'JUANITA , I never can be thine ! ’ said I , in a burst of feeling . ‘'Ay Caramba ! but you will see me home in a carriage , when I arrive at Madrid , wo n't you ? ’ asked the widow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ‘ I did — and she gave me the slipper . ’ ‘ WORKING-MEN ’ AT HOME AND ABROAD .— We encounter the following passage in a recent editorial letter from abroad , in ‘ WILKES ’ Spirit of the Times . ’ He is speaking of the little town of Veviers , a place containing some thirty thousand inhabitants , ( with a large suburban population ,) on the road thenceward from Paris to Cologne : a city , as Mr. WILKES remarks , that has more need of ‘ Cologne-water ’ than any which he has ever visited . That was COLERIDGE 'S impression , also ; since the multitudinous seas , he thought , could never wash the river clean again , that ‘ washed ’ the town of Cologne : ‘ VEVIERS is devoted mainly to cloth manufacture , in which it employs some fifty thousand hands , who work from twelve to fifteen hours a day , and who are drilled to as close a discipline as the convicts in a prison , or slaves at an oar . A few work in their houses , but the greater number labor in large shops , the various lofts of which are filled with men and women , who seldom look up from their looms , and who never venture to speak , except by permission of the overseer . This silent system is terrible to the mind as well as body ; but there is no power on the part of the oppressed to resist , for a discharge from an establishment is a condemnation to starvation , since , according to a convention among the employers , none will hire a man whom another has turned off . This of course reduces the working classes to a state of absolute vassalage , and wherever such a regulation exists , they may be said to breathe only by the sufferance of their employers . Attempts have been made at different times by certain manufacturers , to introduce this system in the United States , but the atrocious project has always been defeated with infamy to the inventors . The working people of Veviers , those at least who labor in the factories , are remarkable for their downcast look , and the first curse seems to be written in heavy lines upon their brows . They go along like men without hope , as if life were a penalty , and the only expiration of their term of condemnation were to arrive with death . Ah ! if these poor people could but see an American mechanic , with his bright eye , erect head , and proud and cheerful carriage , they would understand the value of liberty at a glance , and increase their hours of toil till they could earn enough to enable them to escape into an atmosphere where they may breathe and live . ’ Such are the thoughts which we love to see entertained by observant Americans travelling abroad . THE ‘ NORTH BRITISH ’ ON AMERICAN HUMOR .— A favorite and popular correspondent of our Magazine once wrote for these pages a paper upon ‘ Wit and Humor , ’ separately considered and artistically contrasted : but he has been out-written and out-argued , by a most admirable and evidently competent critic in the last ‘ North-British Review , ’ in an article upon ‘ American Humor . ’ In quoting from it , we really feel ‘ l'embarras des richesses ’ — the embarrassment of riches — for it is full and conclusive upon every point which it touches ; while , as to the manner of the reviewer , there cannot possibly be but one opinion . But listen to him , please , in a few segregated passages : ‘ THE influence of healthy Wit and Humor is a benign one , if it comes to us at times , and kindly makes us forget sad thoughts and cankering cares ; makes the oldest feel young and fresh , and turns the wrinkles of our sorrow into ripples of laughter . SHAKSPEARE , who mirrored our whole humanity , did not leave the laugh out of its reflected face . He tells us , ‘ Your merry heart goes all the day ; ’ and he knew how much the merry heart may have to carry . ‘ We may well be refreshed , ’ says JEREMY TAYLOR , ‘ by a clean and brisk discourse , as by the air of Campanian wines , and our faces and our heads may well be anointed and look pleasant with wit , as with the fat of the Balsam tree . ’ Humor not only has an earlier beginning than Wit , but it has also a far wider range . It will reach the uneducated as well as the educated ; and among the former may often be found very unctuous humorists . In the earlier history of nations and literatures , when life is strong and thought is unperplexed , we get writers full enough in force , and direct enough in expression , to touch nature at most points . Hence the earlier great writers reach the depths of tragedy , and the breadths of humor . In their times they see the full play of the outward actions in which Life expresses itself : all those striking contrasts of life ; those broad lights and bold shadows of character which , as they cross and re-cross in the world 's web , make rare and splendid patterns for the tragic poet and humorist . It would have been perfectly impossible for the wit of Punch to have been produced in any other time than ours , or in any other place and societary conditions than those of London . No past time could have given us THOMAS HOOD .... Wit deals more with thoughts , and Humor with outward things . Wit only reaches characteristics , and therefore it finds more food in a later time and more complex state of society . Humor deals with character . The more robust and striking the character , the better for humor : hence the earlier times , being more fruitful in peculiar character , are most fruitful in humor . Wit is more artificial , and a thing of culture ; Humor lies nearer to nature . Wit is oftenest shown in the quality of the thought ; Humor by the nature of the action . With Wit , two opposite and combustible qualities of the thought are brought into contact , and they explode in the ludicrous . Humor shows us two opposite personal characters which mingle , and dissimilitude is dove-tailed in the laughable .... One of Wit 's greatest elements of success is surprise . Indeed , sometimes when your surprise is over , you find nothing else ; you have been cheated upon false pretences . Not so with Humor . He is in no hurry . He is for ‘ keeping it up . ’ He do n't move in straight lines but flows in circles . He carries you irresistibly along with him . With Wit you are on the ‘ qui vive ; ’ with Humor you grow glorious . If brevity be the soul of Wit , the soul of Humor is longevity . ‘ Humor makes as much of its subject as possible . It revels in exaggeration ; it reigns in Brobdignag . Wit is thinner ; it has a subtler spark of light in its eye , and a less carnal gush of jollity in its laugh . It is , as we often say , very dry . But Humor rejoices in ample physical health ; it has a strong ruddy nature , a glow and glory of sensuous life , a playful overflow of animal spirits . As the word indicates , Humor has more moisture of the bodily temperament . Its words drop fatness , its face oozes with unctuousness , its eyes swim with dews of mirth . As stout people often make the best dancers and swimmers , so Humor relies on size . It must have ‘ body , ’ like good old wine . Humor has more common human feeling than Wit ; it is wealthiest , wisest , kindliest . Lord DUDLEY , the eccentric , said pleasantly to SYDNEY SMITH : ‘ You have been laughing at me constantly , Sydney , for the last seven years , and yet in all that time , you have never said a single thing to me that I wished unsaid . ’ ... Humor , like imagination , pours itself out , strong and splendid as flowing gold , with oneness and continuity . Wit twinkles and corruscates , gleams and glances about the subject . Humor lightens right to the heart of the matter at once , without by-play . Wit will show you the live sparks rushing red-rustling from the chimney , and prettily dancing away in the dark , a ‘ moment bright , then gone forever . ’ But Humor shall give you a pleasanter peep through the lighted window , and show you the fire glowing and ruddy — the smiling heart of home — shining in the dear faces of those you love , who are waiting to overflow in one warm embracing wave of love the moment the door is opened for your coming . Wit teases , tickles , and titillates . But Humor floods you to the brim with measureful content . Wit sends you a sharp , sudden , electric shock , that leaves you tingling from without . Humor operates from within , with its slow and prolonged excitation of your risible soul . Wit gives you a quick , bright nod , and is off . ‘ What 's , going on ? ’ said a bore to DOUGLAS JERROLD . ‘ I am , ’ said he . That is just what Wit does . You must be sharp , too , in taking the hit . The most obvious characteristic of American humor is its power of ‘ pitching it strong , ’ and drawing the long bow . It is the humor of exaggeration . This consists of fattening up a joke until it is rotund and rubicund , unctuous and irresistible as FALSTAFF himself , who was created by SHAKSPEARE , and fed fat , so as to become for all time the very impersonation of Humor . There are many differences betwixt the Wit and Humor of different nations . German humor generally goes ponderously upon all fours . French esprit is intangible to the English mind . Irish humor is often so natural that its accidents look intentional . The Scotch have been said not to understand a joke . Undoubtedly they have not the Cockney quickness necessary to catch some kinds of word-wit . But where will you find richer , pawkier humor ? ’ We commend the entire article , from which these brief passages are taken , to the notice and admiration of our readers . It is one of the most attractive papers in the entire number . GOSSIP WITH READERS AND CORRESPONDENTS .— A Boston correspondent , ‘ A Believer in Phrenology , ’ must look again , and ‘ mark , learn , and digest ’ what it was that OLLAPOD said in our last , as to the ‘ science ’ of Phrenology . Its ‘ general principles ’ he admitted ; it was only its ‘ infinitesimal detail ’ which he satirized . Phrenology , let us say to our ‘ Believer , ’ has always had a ‘ fair show ’ in the pages of the KNICKERBOCKER ; ‘ else wherefore breathe we in a Christian land ? ’ For the ‘ New-York Observer , ’ a religious journal , states that pious probulgences are to ‘ rule ’ hereafter as a clerical test in our Church ; an exaggerated ‘ explication , ’ of course , of the remarks of an able Episcopal contemporary . But as for ourselves , have we not been ‘ through the mill ? ’ ‘ Slightuously ! ’ Ask our friends , FOWLER and WELLS , leaders in ‘ Bumpology , ’ else . Were we not ‘ manipulated ? ’ Did we not lie down in a box like a coffin , and were we not then and there covered , from our ‘ burst ’ upward , with a Plaster-of-Paris hasty-pudding ? Did not the operation ‘ fix ’ us ? Rather ! It was solemn at first , and upward to the mouth , such was the expression , in the sudden ‘ solidarity ’ of our ‘ mug ; ’ but when Mr. FOWLER directed his assistant to use a spoon in feeding us with the white pudding , and not to suffocate us by stopping up our nostrils , we began to laugh ; but the laughing muscles stopped short off at the junction with the lugubrious fixed plaster . We saw the result next day , in the show-window of Mr. FOWLER , on the Nassau street side of CLINTON-Hall . There we were , large as life , labelled and sandwiched between ROBINSON , the New-Brunswick murderer , and Colonel JAMES WATSON WEBB , of the ‘ Courier and Enquirer ’ daily journal . Have n't we ‘ suffered ’ for the ‘ science ’ of Phrenology ? ‘ Probably ! ’ ‘ Phrenology , ’ says our ‘ down-east ’ correspondent , ‘ can no longer be laughed at . ’ ‘ We ca ä nt be laughed at ! ’ is the amusing ‘ objugatory ’ of an English Cockney in a modern play ; but people will laugh at the marvels which are said to accompany the development of even the smallest and thickest-set organs of the human head . When GALL and SPURZHEIM were in ‘ Edinboro , ’ had established the first Phrenological Society in Great-Britain , and were gaining ‘ converts ’ only by slow degrees , they and their confr è res were ‘ laughed at ’ to something more than ‘ their hearts ’ content . ’ On one occasion , we remember , a dry Scottish wag bought from a countyman a vegetable lusus natura , in the shape of a big Swedish turnip , which presented in perfection the features and ‘ developments ’ of a not very good-looking but remarkably ‘ intellectual ’ human head . He had a mould made from it , and sent a plaster image to the new Phrenological Society , as a ‘ cast from the head of Professor THORNIPSON , a learned Swede of Sockholm ! ’ The bait took ; a chart was made at once of the ‘ cerebral protuberances ; ’ lectures were delivered upon its characteristics ; and two or three officers and savants of the Society were overjoyed to find corresponding ‘ bumps ’ on their own craniums ! Edinburgh , inappreciative of fun though the Scotch are said to be , gave one loud guffaw when the diverting ‘ trick ’ was exposed in the ‘ Courant ’ by the shrewd joker who perpetrated it , But a propos of ‘ Bumpology ; ’ our Cedar-Hill neighbor , ‘ the COLONEL , ’ tells a capital story thereanent , which we will essay to jot down : One day , in the weekly newspaper of a small village in ‘ old Chatauque , ’ there appeared an advertisement , setting forth that Professor FEELOVER , Practical Phrenologist , had arrived , and stood ready to examine heads , give ‘ certified charts ’ of character , lecture , and give lessons upon the ‘ Science . ’ He ‘ put up ’ at the principal hotel , which he found a ‘ good ‘ stand ’ for business , ’ for a week had passed on , since the paper came out , yet not a solitary person had inquired for the PROFESSOR . Tired of this indifference to ‘ science , ’ he was broodingly ‘ fetching a walk ’ in the outskirts of the village , when a ‘ slow , ’ green-looking young countryman entered the hotel , and addressing the landlord , said : ‘ Be ye ö u the Phrenologist that feels of folkses ’ heads , and gives a receipt for what 's inside on ‘ em ? ’ ‘ Yes , ’ answered the fat , good-natured BONIFACE , who loved a joke better than his dinner ; ‘ yes , I ‘ m the man . ’ ‘ What d ’ ye ö u tax ? ’ ‘ Half a dollar . ’ ‘ Wal , go ahead . ’ The landlord seated his ‘ patient , ’ and directed his clerk at the desk to take down , in two columns , the result . He fumbled , and pinched , and pressed the head of his wincing customer , calling out at the same time the subjoined developments : Gullibility , 16 Verticality , 19 Reverence , 7 Shallowness , 18 Assininity , 24 Ideality , 4 Caution , 3 Exteriority , 1 Noodleity , 10 Quantity , 13 Philoprogenitiveness , 9 Horizontality , 5 Combativeness , 1 Benevolence , 8 Color , 2 Inertness , 11 Sound , 13 Rotundity , 6 ‘ There , that 'll do ; got ‘ em all down ? Now add ‘ em up ! ’ said the landlord , without moving a muscle . ‘ Comes out exactly even ! ’ said the clerk ; ‘ eighty-five in each column . ’ ‘ Why , ’ exclaimed BONIFACE , looking down contemptuously upon his astonished ‘ customer , ’ you have n't got any character at all ; you do n't want any chart ; you 'd be ashamed to show it the second time ; I should be ashamed even to keep it . I never saw such a case in all my large experience ; ‘ comes out even ! ’ — a perfect blank ! Why , you must be the ‘ DAMPHOOL ’ that Mr. DOESTICKS describes ! ’ With great shamefacedness the ‘ customer ’ arranged his disordered locks , put on his hat , and departed a sadder but a wiser man . ’ * * * A CORRESPONDENT of The New-York Observer , writing from Wales , in regard to the great religious revival which is prevailing among the workmen in the lead-mines of Conroy , says : ‘ Some of the miners established ‘ An Underground Prayer-Meeting , ’ and assembled at it in large numbers , continuing to praise and pray for several hours . It was followed by extraordinary effects ; and the result was ‘ a wonderful reformation in the morals and character of the miners . ’ One writing from the ‘ Gogian Lead-Mines , ’ says : ‘ Prayer-meetings are held here far below the surface of the earth . The ‘ clefts of the rocks , ’ in which they assemble for prayer and praise , seem to remind them of the ‘ cleft ’ in another rock , even CHRIST , in which the sinner is permitted to behold the divine glory : ‘ ROCK of Ages , cleft for me , Let me hide myself in THEE . ’ The men work in companies ; and there is not a company without its prayer-meeting under ground . It is delightful to hear the voice of melody and praise ascending to heaven from the very bowels of the earth . ‘ Out of the depths cried I unto THEE , ’ may literally be said of this subterranean ‘ Great Awakening . ’ There was but one person working in the mine who was not a converted subject of the revival , and his conversion was made the subject of daily ‘ fervent prayer .' ’ The very reverse of this , was the foundation of a most interesting story which we remember having heard when a boy , some twenty years ago . It was connected with one of the coal-mines of England , and was , if we remember rightly , to the following purport : A young miner , who led a most exemplary life , who was a CHRISTIAN by ‘ profession , ’ by ‘ precept , ’ and by ‘ example , ’ was in the daily habit of retiring from the mouth of the mine with the mid-day meal which his wife had prepared , and which his little son had brought to him in a small tin vessel , together with a worn and dingy copy of the New Testament , from which he always read a chapter before touching his dinner . One of his every-day maxims , whatever might happen , was : ‘ It is all for the best : it is well ordered : IT IS ALL FOR THE BEST . ’ One day , while reading and ‘ pondering ’ his customary ‘ BOOK of Books , ’ a vagrant dog passed along , seized his ‘ tin ’ dinner and ran off with it : his fellow-miners jeering and shouting , ‘ Is the loss of thy Dinner , too , JOE , ‘ for the best ?' ’ After having their laugh out , and while their comrade was racing around after the canine delinquent , the bell rang , and the ‘ operatives ’ descended into the mine . Meantime , unable to overhaul the dog-thief , the ‘ victim ’ had returned , and was nearing the mine , when a loud explosion and fire and smoke issuing from the wide open fissure in the ground , revealed the ignited ‘ Fire-Damp ’ and its inevitable , awful accessories ! Not a man of all his late jeering companions was rescued from that terrible subterranean ‘ consuming fire ! ’ And how natural was the exclamation — the story , we remember , was in verse — which poured from his over-burthened , grateful heart : ‘ HOW could it appear to a short-sighted sinner , That my life should be saved by the loss of my dinner . ’ The simple ‘ Working-Man 's Lesson ’ involved in this anecdote , and the ‘ fulness of faith ’ which it embodies , are not unworthy of remembrance and of heed . It impressed us forcibly . * * * ‘ TOM HOOD ’ once mentioned , ‘ in his own way , ’ his experience in crossing the Great Desert . He ‘ came to grief in the journey by means of ‘ getting off the track ’ of antecedent camelian-caravans . They had nothing to eat and less to drink , on their hot and toilsome journey . They encountered a ‘ simoom , ’ which a Yankee sailor described as ‘ a Boston East Wind boiled ; ’ there was a mirage , too , in which they saw , far off on the level rim of the desert , camels and ‘ men as trees walking . ’ Long was their journey over the burning sands : and HOOD narrates that the travellers were reduced to the greatest straits . HUNGER and THIRST — terrible tyrants — asserted their prerogatives . ‘ On the dim , faint line toward Cairo , ’ says HOOD , ‘ we thought we saw a well in the desert : for much people were gathered together far beyond us upon the level , sultry plain . We approached ; we joined them : but only to be again , for the third time , most grievously disappointed . ’ ‘ It is no joke , ’ he adds , ‘ to be without food or water in an Egyptian desert . When we were at the worst , we went in ballast with the soles and uppers of the newest shoes in the caravan ; and we were enabled to slake our burning thirst by a second-hand ‘ swig ’ at the cistern of a freshly-deceased and still warm camel , which had ‘ given out ’ early in the journey , and had now ‘ given in :' ’ This was certainly a bad state of affairs ; but when we read the hardships of recent African travel , as recorded by the German African explorer , Dr. KRAPF , in his ‘ Researches in Eastern Africa , ’ we could no longer deem the story fabulous . The good DOCTOR had succeeded in making his escape from an attack , which had been made upon himself and his party , by a band of sable ‘ salvages ; ’ he had wandered far : was ‘ weary and way-worn , ’ and had lain down behind a bush , for protection against the keen wind which blew over the plain , from which he had no protection save the dry grass which he spread under and over his body . After a fitful slumber , he awoke unrefreshed , ‘ and started again . ’ ‘ I felt , ’ he says , ‘ the pangs of hunger and thirst : the water in my telescope-case ran out , and that in the barrels of my gun , which I had not drunk , had been lost on my way , as the bushes had torn out the grass stoppers , and so I lost a portion of the invaluable fluid , which , in spite of the gunpowder flavor imparted to it by the barrels , thirst had rendered delicious . My hunger was so great that I tried to chew leaves , roots , and elephant 's excrement to stay it : and when day broke , to break my fast on ants . ’ Night came on ; and he travelled on until day-light . Soon after day-break , he saw four immense rhinoceroses feeding behind some bushes ahead of him : they ‘ stared at him , but did not move . ’ ‘ Coming presently , ’ he mentions , to a ‘ sand-pit , ’ with a somewhat moistish surface , ‘ like as a hart panteth for the water-brooks , ’ I anticipated the precious fluid ; I dug into the sand for it , but only to meet with disappointment : so I put some of the wet sand in my mouth , which only increased my thirst . ’ What ensues could not be better told than in the brave explorer 's own words : ‘ About noon I came upon the dry and sandy bed of the river , which we must have crossed to the south-west only a few days before . Scarcely had I entered its bed when I heard the chattering of monkeys , a most joyful sound , for I knew that there must be water wherever monkeys appear in a low-lying place . I followed the course of the bed , and soon came to a pit dug by the monkeys in the sand , in which I found the priceless water . I thanked GOD for this great gift ; and having quenched my thirst , I first filled my powder-horn , tying up the powder in my handkerchief , and then my telescope-case , and the barrels of my gun . To still the pangs of hunger , I took a handful of powder and ate it with some shoots of a young tree which grew near the water ; but they were very bitter . ’ Such ‘ experiences ’ as these will serve to show how much the world owes to our indefatigable modern explorers , self-denying , self-abrogating men , like LIVINGSTONE and KRAPF , who scarcely ‘ set their life at a pin 's fee ’ in pursuing unwearied their laborious and painful researches . * * * OBSERVE now how this old friend of ours could write , if he would . In the pauses of his avocation as President of a Bank in ‘ Old Erie , ’ he drops us a hasty note , in which he says : ‘ At times I feel chock-full of unwritten words , and say to myself : ‘ I only wish I had the use of a stenographic amanuensis for about an hour or so . I would create an article worth an hour 's existence . ’ I wish I could only stop growing older ; I do n't mind having time ‘ roll on , ’ for I should n't want to be always living at the same moment ; but I do n't care about rolling on with it , and finally being rolled off or ‘ dumped ’ off . I frequently smile at the consolatory remark of the divine to his hearers , that they had great cause to be thankful that Death was at the end of life instead of the beginning , for this fortunate arrangement of PROVIDENCE gave them time to prepare for the event . Now such reasoning appears at the first glance quite ludicrous ; and yet when you analyze it you will find there is a great deal of force in it . I have scratched this off in the midst of my financial correspondence , and you are lucky not to find any ‘ dollars and cents ’ in it . ’ We wish ‘ E. P . ’ would come to the ‘ scratch ’ often . * * * JAMES SUNNEY , the ‘ Atmospherical Poet , ’ in our last , and the ‘ Blooming Bard ’ of a ‘ Blossoming Hotel , ’ in previous ‘ issoos , ’ is a man without envy of his inspired brothers in art . Song , to be sure , is his specialite ; but music hath charms also wherewith to soothe his savage breast . We do not jest , on the contrary , we ask especial attention to the following fervent tribute , paid by Mr. SUNNEY to the musical powers of our friend and cosmopolitan correspondent , Colonel PIPES , of Pipesville , otherwise known as STEPHEN C. MASSETT , Esq ., the popular vocalist , lecturer , and raconteur . Instantaneously the ‘ COLONEL ’ dispatches to us the flattering missive , or missile ; as like unto a non-resistant catapult it was ‘ precipitated ’ from the o'ercharged brain of the appreciative poet . We feel with ‘ PIPES : ’ for , as EDITOR of the KNICKERBOCKER , we too have been ‘ indorsed ’ by SUNNEY , as a man , take us by and large , ‘ not likely to be met with by any body in a hurry ! ’ But we keep our readers from the ‘ Letter from James Sunney , ‘ Blossoming Bard ’ of the ‘ Blooming Hotel , ’ to Colonel Pipes , the Ripened Reciter and Vocalist . ’ Hear him for his cause , and ‘ hold your yawp , ’ till he has said what he has got to say . Ca n't you do that much ? ‘ Sa-a-y ? ’ Try it : ‘ New-York , Nov. 12 , 1860 . ‘ DEAR SIR : It affords me great pleasure to acknowledge the delicacy of delight and joy I felt while perusing the many songs composed and sung by you , at the palacious rooms in London and elsewhere . The presses of Great Britain has certainly paid a great tribute to your mental capacity and physical ability , as a vocalist superior to RUSSELL , whose name was entitled to record on the first pages of history . You are certainly a man of high standing and respectability , whose intellectual faculties has added much to the brilliancy of youth , taste , and grandeur . I rejoice at the testimony bore to your character by some of the most eminent and distinguished writers in Ewrop . Melody of the feathered songsters could not warble with more harmony through the refractive powers of the Atmosphere , than did your voluble fluency vociferate in the grand ‘ Adelaide of Australia . ’ As an elocutionist , your name is eminently combined with the ablest men of the age ; and elevated to a higher degree than my pen is able to expound . At the same time I cannot refrain from any thing that has a tendency to morality without giving it my humble but human approbation . ‘ Yours respectfully , ‘ JAMES SUNNEY . ’ Where is our sable friend and correspondent of the Louisville Hotel ? That colored orator and model letter-writer must look to his sesquipedalian fame . But this aside . The above , Mr. SUNNEY , is fine prose ; but you must look to your poetic ‘ bays : ’ not a span of spanking ‘ bays , ’ Mr. SUNNEY , on the Bloomingdale-Road , but the laurel greens by which ‘ bards , ’ although quite unlike yourself , were wont to be crowned . We repeat that you must look to this kind of ‘ bays , ’ because there is a fellow-bard , a Yankee , yet a kindred spirit , down in Maine , who can rhyme you ‘ out o ’ house and home . ’ He is the ‘ Bard of Misery , ’ and hence , of course , a most miserable poet . Where Sorrow dwells , there is his country . He revels especially in marine disasters : there he ‘ expands and bourgeons . ’ A friendly ‘ DEVIL , ’ ( no ‘ Goblin-Damned , ’ we 'll be sworn ,) writing to us from a newspaper printing-office in Bangor , Maine , says : ‘ Will you kindly permit me to approach your Most Excellent Ma ’ — gazine , of which I am a constant reader , with a little contribution which I have picked up from the many similar ‘ favors ’ which we have had the honor of printing for the ‘ Son of the Muse , ’ whose effusions , somehow , do n't seem to what-they-call ‘ TAKE : ’ but I expect these passages will . ’ Our modest , welcome correspondent is right : the ‘ passages ’ which he has marked for us must ‘ take . ’ For example : only a few ‘ brief stanzas ’ from the ‘ poem ’ depicting ‘ Levi P. Willey 's Last Voyage to Cubey . ’ LEVI had , ‘ by all accounts , ’ a hard time . ‘ A few ’ of his ‘ experiences ’ are recorded in the lines which we annex : EBEN BABBIDGE being the name of the skipper , ‘ as he sailed , as he sailed : ’ ‘ IN eighteen hundred and fifty-nine , It was to me a solemn time : To a port in Cuba I did go ; What happened there you shall know . ‘ As GOD would have it so to be , I was cook on board the open sea ; I was at work , the crew did know , And from my lungs fresh blood did flow . ‘ Unto the captain I did go , He did for me all that he know ; He called the mate and all the crew , And for the doctor they did go . ‘ In due time the doctor came To stop the blood and ease my pain ; He said that I must go on shore , And stop a day , or two , or more . ‘ And the Spanish people there Did use me well , I do declare ; Five days on shore I did remain , Then went on board the brig again . ‘ My captain was so kind and good , He done for me all that he could , He is a kind and generous man , Would always lend a helping hand . ‘ SCOTT COOKSON was our second mate , As to my friends I will relate ; He was loved and honored too , By the captain , mate , and the crew . ‘ ROSCOE , and GEORGE , and FREDERICK , too , That was the names of all the crew ; They were smart and noble boys , To reef topsails it was their joys . ‘ When our brig was ready for to sail , We was blest with a pleasant gale ; As GOD would have it so to be , We came to Boston in America . ‘ When we arrived in Boston town , We got a bed for to lie down , For I was tired and very weak , I had been three days without sleep . ‘ The next morning , at seven o'clock , We made bargain with the truck , Across the city for to go , To the Eastern Main Depo . ‘ From Boston to Camden I came , My lungs were weak and racked with pain , To the doctor I went straightway , He gave me some relief without delay . ’ Still more ‘ terrible ’ are the ‘ Verses on the Loss of the Lady Elgin Steamboat , ’ ‘ composed by A. W. HARMON , ’ the ‘ gifted ’ author of the foregoing animated lines . Our extract must be brief : but we can assure our readers that the entire ‘ lot ’ is fully equal to the subjoined ‘ sample : ’ ‘ COME old and young , pray now attend To the sad tale that I 've now penned , About the Lady Elgins fate , And her disaster on the lake . ‘ Captain JOHN WILSON , with courage brave , Esteem 'd by all on land or wave , Associated in many minds , And memories of the choisest kinds . ‘ At the moment the ships together came , Music and dancing were the game ; But in one instant all was still , In thirty minutes the steamer filled ! ‘ Whether they were not aware Of their sad danger and despair , Or whether their appalling fate , Them speachless made , I cannot state . ‘ A boat was lowered with the design , If possible , the leak to find : To stop the leak was our intent , But in one half-hour down she went . ‘ The noble Captain firm and brave , Is thus supposed in trying to save That mother and her child he fell And died beneath the foaming swell . ’ The ‘ verses ’ are too horrible to bear farther quotation : ‘ The lake with fabrics did abound , and human beings floated round , ’ is the opening of a most miserable picture . SUNNEY , you have a ‘ rival near your throne . ’ * * * A CLEVER correspondent , dating from ‘ Saline Mines , Illinois , ’ sends us the following amusing specimen of ‘ Keeping Score by Double-Entry . ’ It will be a ‘ nut ’ for book-keepers : ‘ YOU know ELIJE SCROGGINS , up here in White County ? Yes ? Well , about six years ago , ELIJE kept a kind of ‘ one-horse ’ grocery on the edge of ‘ Seven-mile Pararie . ’ I do n't think he kept much beside ‘ bald-faced , thirty-day whiskey , ’ and may-be some ginger-brandy . Times were ‘ mighty tight , ’ and not much money stirring in that settlement ; so ELIJE had to credit most of his customers till corn-gathering time , or till fur was good ; and , as he had no ‘ book learning , ’ he used to make some kind of a mark for his different ‘ patrons ’ on a clapboard which he kept for the purpose , and then chalk down ‘ the drinks ’ against them as they got them , which in some cases was pretty often . One day there was a ‘ big meeting ’ appointed at the ‘ Possum Ridge school-house , ’ about five miles from ELIJE 'S , and his wife persuaded him to go : so on Sunday morning they gathered up the children and ‘ toted ’ off to meeting to ‘ make a day of it . ’ Along through the day some of the neighbors getting a ‘ leetle dry , ’ went over to ELIJE 'S to ‘ moisten their clay , ’ and finding the door shut , and nobody about , they were somewhat alarmed , and ‘ did n't know but some body was either sick or dead ; ’ so they pushed in to see about it , and finding things all right , they concluded that ELIJE and his ‘ old woman ’ had gone off on a visit ; so they took a drink all around , out of friendly feeling to him , and were about going off , when one of them caught sight of the tally-board stuck under the rafter , and pulled it down : and either out of pure devilment , or thinking it an easy way to pay off a score , gave it a wipe , and stuck it back again . In the evening , when ELIJE got back , he had occasion to look at his accounts for some purpose or other , when to his great amazement and dismay , he found it considerably ‘ mixed ! ’ He scratched his head over it for some time , evidently trying to make it out , and finally calling his wife in he showed it to her , and said : ‘ There , that 's what a man gets for going off and neglecting his business . ’ On the whole , however , he got over it pretty quietly for him , for ELIJE use to swear ‘ mightily ’ ‘ when his back was up . ’ He did n't have much to say now , though , but sat with his chin on his hands , and his elbows on his knees , looking in the fire all the evening : but on Monday morning he got up ‘ bright and early , ’ and taking down the clap-board , gave it a good wash , and began very industriously to figure away upon it . Two or three times during the morning his wife looked in , and he was still working away at it ; and at dinner-time , when she came to call him , she ventured to ask how he was getting on . ‘ Well , ’ said he , holding the tally-board off at arms ’ - length , and looking at it very earnestly , with his head on one side , ‘ I do n't know as I 've got as much charged as I had , but I 've got it on better men !' ’ ‘ A new way to make old debts ! ’ * * * HOW suddenly , how unexpectedly , in a Winterish Day in the Country , comes up the ‘ fond remembrance ’ of days and friends that are no more ! As one walks mid-leg deep amidst the damp-rustling leaves , listens to the moaning of the winds , and watches the red sunlight dying into shadow between the folds of the hills over the broad river , the sad hours of memory come up in long review : ‘ I FELT the leaves were shed , I felt the birds were dead : And on the earth I snowed the winter of my soul ! ’ Expressive words , and only too true ! * * * NOT less than a ‘ good many ’ readers of the KNICKERBOCKER can ‘ place ’ the parties who figure in this little anecdote , which we are assured is entirely authentic : ‘ A young lady named TAYLOR , meeting a former acquaintance named MASON , at a party , where the latter was assuming any quantity of importance in consequence of her wealth , and who did not deign to notice her , revenged herself by stepping into the group surrounding the haughty belle , and thus addressing her , with the most winning smile : ‘ I have been thinking , my dear MISS MASON , that we ought to exchange names . ’ ‘ Why , indeed ? ’ ‘ Because my name is TAYLOR , and my father was a mason ; and your name is MASON , and your father was a tailor . ’ There was a scene then ; but there was no help for it . * * * ‘ I WAS exceedingly amused , ’ writes a Boston friend , ‘ by your double-brace of ‘ The Practical Jokes of the late Colonel E. L. Snow . ’ I knew that original ‘ Joker ’ well . There was never any mischief in his fun : it was always harmless and always good-natured . I spent a winter four years ago in your ‘ Great Metropolis , ’ and saw much of ‘ THE COLONEL ’ in the very barber 's shop which you designate . One cold blustering morning he came in , and as he took his seat in the ‘ operator 's chair , ’ he said , with a ‘ wondering ’ expression of countenance : ‘ That is a strange thing about the Fountain : it 's frozen over sixty feet high ! ’ ‘ Is that so ? ’ asked three or four gentlemen , seated on a sofa , waiting their ‘ turn . ’ ‘ Yes : it 's a fact : I saw it myself before I came in . ’ Out they rushed , to the Park Fountain , which at that time used to throw up its white column of water into the clear , cold air . Pretty soon they came back ‘ disgusted , ’ and looking daggers at SNOW , ‘ It 's all a lie ! ’ they said : ‘ the Fountain is playing eighty feet high : HUMBUG ! ’ ‘ No humbug at all , ’ responded the ‘ COLONEL : ’ ‘ I meant the Fountain in Union-Square ! It 's a good deal more than sixty feet high from here ; and I saw it frozen solid not more than half-an-hour ago ! ’ ‘ The laugh ’ was on the other side now : but the victims were good-natured fellows , and laughed as heartily as the rest . On another occasion , upon entering the shop , I found SNOW ‘ in the chair , ’ with a very lugubrious countenance ‘ on him , ’ as the Irish have it . ‘ That was a terrible thing , ’ said he , ‘ which happened on the Harlem Railroad this morning ! ’ ‘ What was that ? ’ asked several ‘ voices . ’ ‘ Why , ’ explained SNOW , ‘ the entire New-Haven train , of eight cars , ran over four men and a young lady . ’ ‘ They were instantly killed , of course ? ’ ‘ No : miraculous as it may seem , not a single life was lost ! ’ ‘ Why , how was that ? ’ ‘ Well , they were under the Harlem Bridge , when the train passed over them , and not a car touched them ! Cur'ous , was n't it ? ’ * * * THANKS to our old Boyhood 's Friend , ‘ J . B . B ., ’ for his notelet , written in our absence at the desk of our town-sanctum . One ‘ plum ’ in it we are going to transfer to our own ‘ pudding : ’ ‘ I met an old school-mate in the cars last evening , who gave me an amusing anecdote of a character who lived in Pittsfield , ( Mass . ;) a man full of hearty humor — his name S —— P ——, Jr . He was at Cleveland ; and recognizing a nephew across the street , hailed him , as he was walking along in solemn mood : and as he took his hand he said : ‘ Well , TOM , I understand you have sold out entirely and gone into a new business : taken up the MILLERITE business , eh ! ’ ‘ Well , Uncle LEM ., ’ was the reply , ‘ what would you do if you certainly expected the Last Day would come at twelve o'clock tohYpppHeNday ? ’ ‘ Why , TOM , ’ said LEM ., laughing , ‘ I 'll tell you what I would do : I would just work till five minutes before twelve , and then I 'd wash up !' ’ Not a bad reply to a ‘ hard question ! ’ * * * CAN any of our readers or correspondents inform us who is the author of the ensuing stanzas ? They are certainly very beautiful : and their melody and fervor lead us to think that they may be from the pen of Rev . Mr. BONAR , from whom we have heretofore quoted two or three exquisite effusions . These lines bear this motto , from ISAIAH : ‘ I will lead thee in the paths they have not known : ’ ‘ HOW few who , from their youthful day , Look on to what their life may be ; Painting the visions of the way In colors soft and bright and free ; How few who to such paths have brought The hopes and dreams of early thought ! For GOD , through ways they have not known , Will lead HIS own . ‘ The eager hearts , the soul of fire , Who pant to toil for GOD and man ; And view with eyes of keen desire The upland way of toil and pain ; Almost with scorn they think of rest , Of holy calm , of tranquil breast , But GOD , through ways they have not known , Will lead them home . ‘ A lowlier task on them is laid — With love to make the labor light ; And there their beauty they must shed On quiet homes and lost to sight . Changed are their visions high and fair , Yet calm and still they labor there ; For GOD , through ways they have not known , Will lead HIS own . ‘ The gentle heart that thinks with pain , It scarce can lowliest tasks fulfil ; And if it dared its life to scan , Would ask but pathway low and still ; Often such lowly heart is brought To act with power beyond its thought : For GOD , through ways they have not known , Will lead HIS own . ‘ And they , the bright , who long to prove , In joyous path , in cloudless lot , How fresh from earth their grateful love Can spring without a stain or spot — Often such youthful heart is given The path of grief , to walk in Heaven : For GOD , through ways they have not known . Will lead HIS own . ‘ What matter what the path shall be ? The end is clear and bright to view ; We know that we a strength shall see , Whate'er the day may bring to do . We see the end , the house of GOD , But not the path to that abode ; For GOD , through ways they have not known , Will lead HIS own . ’ These fervent lines are ‘ poetry . ’ * * * Mr. CHARLES L. ELLIOTT , the eminent portrait-painter , was safely delivered of the subjoined remark , at a quarter to four of the clock , on the afternoon of February the twenty-second , while crossing the Hudson River . He commenced as follows : said he : The epitaphs which you quote in a late number of the KNICKERBOCKER , remind me of a verbal one which my father once heard . An old fellow , a coarse , ill-grained Dutchman , died one day . He was a disagreeable man , and a bad neighbor : even the children feared and disliked him . One of his neighbors asked him just before his death , if he was ready to go , to which he answered : ‘ Yes . ’ ‘ Well , ’ was the rejoinder , ‘ if you are willing to die yourself , all your neighbors are willing you should . ’ At the grave , even , there was no one to say a good word for him , except one good-hearted old German , who remarked , as he turned away to go home : ‘ Well , he vas a goot shmoker !' ’ This was the ‘ shmoker 's only epitaph . * * * A FRIEND mentioned to us the other evening an amusing example of ‘ A Dutchman 's Reliance on Providence . ’ There had been a great drought in the county of Columbia : no rain had fallen for the space of two or three months ; and all the upland fields were parched and dry : insomuch that great fears were entertained that there would be an utter failure of the usual crops . In this extremity , a meeting was called of all devout citizens of that particular ‘ rural district , ’ to offer up Prayers for Rain to the ‘ LORD of the Harvest . ’ One honest old Dutchman who had a large farm , stated his ‘ views ’ to the meeting in this way : ‘ Dere ish some vields along der hills dere , dat ish pooty dry : I wis you bray for some rain on dem : but you need n't bray for any mores vater on der moisht black ground under der hills dere ; ‘ cause corn moosht grow on dem vields any how ! ’ The ‘ argument ’ was effective ! * * * AMONG the Public Lecturers of the Season we may mention the name of our correspondent , and country neighbor , Mr. WILLIAM WIRT SIKES . His lectures are upon attractive themes , are well written , and he delivers them with entire effect . The subjects of four , which we have seen mentioned , are : ‘ The Beautiful , ’ ‘ William Wirt , ’ ‘ The Noble Life , ’ ‘ Insanity . ’ Mr. SIKES ’ address is , Nyack on the Hudson . * * * ‘ A Conundrum by Induction , ’ must have cost a good deal of hard work to make : WHY is a bee-hive like a bad potato ? Because a bee-hive is a bee-holder : And a beholder is a spectator , And a speck-tater is a bad potato ! ‘ Apt , ’ for a metaphysician . * * * WE call attention to the advertisement elsewhere of ‘ The Cosmopolitan Art-Journal . It has succeeded in securing the liberal favor of the public , having reached a circulation of nearly forty thousand copies . ‘ The Falstaff , ’ which it furnishes as a premium picture , is an excellent work of art , and cannot fail of a very wide diffusion . * * * The Editorial Correspondence of The Knickerbocker , ’ extending through a period of over twenty years , will be commenced in our next . Having to gain nearly a month 's time in the advance preparation of the present number , we have not found the requisite leisure to do justice to the opening paper . Fifty-Seventh Volume of the Knickerbocker . KNICKERBOCKER PREMIUMS . WE offer , as will be seen by our Prospectus , to each subscriber to the KNICKERBOCKER for 1861 , as a premium , the choice of the two very fine Steel-plate Engravings , ‘ ROBERT BURNS IN HIS COTTAGE COMPOSING THE COTTER 'S SATURDAY NIGHT , ’ and the ‘ MERRY-MAKING IN THE OLDEN TIME . ’ The first of these pictures — BURNS — has been engraved by the distinguished American artist , JOHN C. MCRAE , after the celebrated painting by Sir WILLIAM ALLAN : and represents BURNS in his humble home , clad in the homely garb in which he was wont to tread the fields , his dog at his feet and his pen in his hand , musing seriously over those immortal utterances that found vent in the exquisite lyric above named . The portrait is perfect , and the picture executed in the highest style of art . Its size is sixteen by twenty-one inches ; and its publication price is two dollars . The other engraving we offer as a premium , the ‘ MERRY-MAKING , ’ is a perfect copy of FRITH 'S celebrated picture , and was engraved at an expense of two thousand dollars . It measures twenty-five by nineteen and a half inches in size , contains thirty-nine figures , and is , beyond comparison , the finest work of the kind ever offered as a premium in this country . The following description of it is furnished us by WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT , Esq . : ‘ ALMOST in the centre of the picture and a little in the back-ground , is a country-dance on the green , with a hard-featured fiddler perched on a high seat , and another musician in a tie-wig standing by him , playing with all their might . On the right , two bouncing girls are gaily pulling toward the dance a gray-haired man , who seems vainly to remonstrate that his ‘ dancing days are over , ’ while a waggish little chit pushes him forward from behind , greatly to the amusement of his spouse , who is still sitting at the tea-table , from which he has been dragged . On the left , under a magnificent spreading oak , sit the ‘ Squire and his wife , whom a countryman with his hat off is respectfully inviting to take part in the dance . To the left of the ‘ Squire is a young couple on the grass , to whom a gipsy , with an infant on her shoulder , is telling their fortune . Over the shoulders of this couple is seen a group engaged in quoit-playing , and back of the whole is a landscape of gentle slopes and copses . ’ No similar opportunity will be presented the public for obtaining these very fine engravings . Publisher 's Notice . THE Publisher invites contributions on subjects of immediate National interest , Historical , Biographical , Descriptive , Scientific , etc . Such articles , if written in a lively and attractive manner , and embodying new and useful information of a practical character , will always receive early and respectful attention ; and if used , will be suitably paid for . Manuscripts , excepting short poems , if not accepted , will be returned if accompanied by a sufficient number of stamps to pay the postage .