THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL XII , NO . 334 .] SATURDAY , OCTOBER 4 , 1828 . [ PRICE 2d . UNITED SERVICE CLUB-HOUSE . UNITED SERVICE CLUB-HOUSE Modern club-houses are , for the most part , splendid specimens of the style which luxury and good-living have attained in this country . Such are their internal recommendations ; but to the public they are interesting for the architectural embellishment which they add to the streets of the metropolis . If we reason on Bishop Berkeley 's theory — that all the mansions , equipages , & c. we see abroad , are intended for our gratification — we must soon forget the turtle , venison , and claret that are stored in the larders and cellars of club-houses , whilst our admiration is awakened at the taste which is lavished on their exteriors . The “ United Service ” Club-House is , as its name implies , intended for the Officers of the Army and Navy , who , in these pacific times , may here enjoy otium cum dignitate , and fill up the intervals of refection , in reading the “ history of the war , ” from the noble quarto to the last dispatches received at the Foreign Office . The above Club-House , which occupies an angle of Charles-street and Regent-street , is , however , but a meagre specimen of the abilities of the architect , Mr. Smirke . It has none of the characteristic decorations of either service , if we except the bas-relief on the entrance-front in Charles street , which represents Britannia distributing laurels to her brave sons by land and sea . The architecture of the whole is cold and unfeeling , and even the columns supporting the porticoes are of a very rigid order — when we consider that the clubhouse is not an official establishment , but one intended for luxurious accommodation , and that it would have admitted of much more florid embellishment . At the same time , although we quarrel with the frigidity of the exterior , we do not question the warmth of its kitchens , or the potency of its cellars ; neither do we affect any knowledge of the latter — nay , not even enough to weave into a “ fashionable ” novel . A new mansion is building for the United Service Club , on the site of Carlton House , under the superintendance of Mr. Nash , and which , with another new clubhouse for the Athaenaeum , will form an entrance to the new square opposite Waterloo-Place . The taste of the sword and pen does not , however , agree , and their buildings are dissimilar . In the United Service Club are two rooms of 150 feet by 50 , the floors of which are constructed of cast-iron girders . At the back of these club-houses will be a large ornamental garden . FUNERAL GARLANDS . ( For the Mirror .) The primitive Christians censured a practice prevalent among the Romans , of decorating a corpse , previous to interment or combustion , with garlands and flowers . Their reprehension extended also to a periodical custom of placing the “ first-fruits of Flora ” on their graves and tombs . Thus Anchises , in Dryden 's Virgil , Aeneid , book 6 , says , “ Full canisters of fragrant lilies bring , Mix 'd with the purple roses of the spring ; Let me with funeral flowers his body strew — This gift , which parents to their children owe , This unavailing gift I may bestow . ” Notwithstanding the anathemas of the church , these simple , interesting , and harmless ( if not laudable ) practices still remain . The early customs and features of all nations approximate ; and whether the following traits , which a friend has kindly obliged me with , are relics of Roman introduction , or national , I leave the antiquary to decide . On Palm Sunday , in several villages in South Wales , a custom prevails of cleaning the grave-stones of departed friends and acquaintances , and ornamenting them with flowers , & c. On the Saturday preceding , a troop of servant girls go to the churchyard with pails and brushes , to renovate the various mementos of affection , clean the letters , and take away the weeds . The next morning their young mistresses attend , with the gracefulness of innocence in their countenances , and the roses of health and beauty blooming on their cheeks . According to their fancy , and according to the state of the season , they place on the stones snow-drops , crocuses , lilies of the valley , and roses . A sacrifice such as this , so pure , so innocent , so expressive , is surely acceptable to the great God of nature . QUAESITOR . To our Correspondent 's communication , which is worthy of record , from its originality , we could add many well-authenticated accounts of the rite of decorating graves , & c. There is in our drawer an interesting paper on the subject ; but we give Quaesitor the priority . THE SPIDER 'S WEB . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) To the curious among the perusers of the Mirror , it may not be uninteresting to know that a beautiful impression may be taken on paper of the reticulated web of the field-spider , by sprinkling it finely with any dark-coloured liquid , and placing the paper intended for the impression behind the web , and drawing it gently towards you . I do not know of what ingredients bookbinders ’ blue-sprinkle is made , but it seems to absorb the gelatinous matter of which the web is composed . The idea that an impression might be produced in this manner , was suggested to me by observing the dew on the web in the morning . Rugby . W. I. T . Our ingenious Correspondent has , on the fly-leaf of his letter , furnished us with the impression of a web , as a proof of the practicability of the above . ATAR GUL . ( For the Mirror .) Who hath not inhaled with ecstasy the delicious , the heavenly odour of “ the Atar Gul , more precious than gold ? ” Who hath not in fancy wandered , as he inspired it , to the terrestrial paradise from whence it is procured ? And who that knew not how so volatile an essence was collected , hath not marvelled , over the enjoyment of Otto of Roses ? Persia , Turkey , and Egypt , are the principal countries in which it is manufactured , and the Atar of Persia is generally allowed to be the most superior , and the most difficult to be obtained genuine . The rose of Cashmire is proverbial throughout the east for its brilliancy and fragrance ; and “ the Roses of the Jinan Nile , or Garden of the Nile , ( attached to the Emperor of Morocco 's palace ) are unequalled ; mattresses are made of their leaves for the men of rank to recline upon . ” I transcribe from a published account in my possession , the method of obtaining Atar Gul in the east ( for I have heard that some English chemists have endeavoured to procure it from English roses .) merely begging to observe that it exactly corresponds with that given to me by a gentleman who had witnessed the process in Egypt . “ Otto of Roses .— The usual method of making it is , to gather the roses with their calyces , and put them into a still with nearly double their weight of pure spring water ; which , when sufficiently distilled , will be highly scented with roses ; this is then poured into shallow vessels and exposed to the nocturnal air . Next morning , the Atar , or essential oil of the flowers is found swimming in small congealed particles on the surface of the water ; it is carefully collected and preserved in small glass bottles . "[ 1 ] A hundred pounds of the flowers scarcely afford in India two drachms of essential oil . “ Cent livres de petales de Roses , ” says a French chemist , “ N'en fournissent par la distillation que quatre drachmes . ” Tachenius from the same quantity obtained half an ounce , and Hoffman a much larger proportion . The trials of other chemists have been attended with various results . It is most difficult to procure the genuine Otto of Roses , since even in the countries where it is made , the distillers are tempted to put sandal wood , scented grasses , and other oily plants into the still with the roses , which alter their perfume , and debase the value of the Atar ; colour is no test of genuineness ; green , amber , and light red or pink . The hues of the real otto , are also those of the adulterated ; the presence of the sandal wood may be detected by the simple sense of smelling ; but in order to discover the union of a grosser oil with the essential , drop a very little otto on a piece of clean writing paper , and hold it to the fire ; if the article is genuine , it will evaporate without leaving a mark on the paper , so ethereal is the essential oil of roses ! if otherwise , a grease-spot will declare the imposition . I need scarcely expatiate upon the delicate and long-continuing fragrance which this luxuriant perfume imparts to all things with which it comes in contact ; it is peculiarly calculated for the drawer , writing-desk , & c. since its aroma is totally unmingled with that most disagreeable effluvium , which is ever proceeding from alcohol . Lavender-water , esprit de rose & c. & c. are quite disgusting shut up in box or drawer , but the Atar Gul , is as delightful there as in the most open and airy space . Some persons there are , however , who have an antipathy to it , and others will , as they inhale its delicious odour , fancy with myself , what may be . THE SONG OF THE ATAR GUL ! I 'm come ! I 'm come ! for you 've charm 'd me here Soul of the Rose , from divine Cashmire I 'm come ,— all orient , odorous , rare , An Eden-breath in your boreal air ; I 'm come . I 'm come ! like a seraph 's sigh Breath 'd to ethereal minstrelsy , And well ye 'll deem what a sigh must be From the tearless heirs of eternity ! I 've fled my bright frame from Tirnagh 's stream , And , wand'ring here , am sweet as the dream Of passion , which stirs the Peri 's breast , Whom her dear one 's winglets fan to rest ; I 've dwelt i ’ the rose-cup , and drunk the tone — Of my lover the Bulbul , all low and lone ; And the maid 's soul-song , who forth hath crept , When pale stars peer 'd , and night flow'rs wept . But oh ! from the songs of Cashmire 's vale , The rose , the lute , and the nightingale , From flow'rs , whose odours were too divine ; From gems of beauty whose souls were mine ; From floating eyes , that could wound , yet bless , In their warm , dark , deep , voluptuousness ; I 'm come , in young iv'ry breasts to lie , Betray 'd like Love , by my luscious sigh ! I 'm come , and my holy , rich , perfume Makes faint your roses of palest bloom ; Soul , as I am , of an orient gem , My aroma 's too divine for them ; I 'm come ! but mine odorous , elfin wing Rises from earth , and that one fair thing First Love 's first sigh , which ye know to be , More exquisite , and more brief than me ! M. L. B . [ 1 ] Having , not long since , purchased a bottle of Persian Otto , warranted genuine , ( as is all ) I laid it carefully by , wrapped thickly round with cotton wool ; the Atar which was certainly excellent , was in a curious bottle of rough misshapen workmanship , but ornamented with sundry circles , and lozenges , of various coloured glass . I was inclined to regard this bottle as a more genuine specimen of oriental art , than one of those , which , enamelled , with gold , stands forth in its way an elegant of the first water , and I hoped to have kept it long . On visiting my Otto shortly afterwards , I found that not only had it all evaporated , but destroyed its receptacle . Its strength ( I conclude ) had dissolved the cement of the aforesaid coloured bits of glass , and left me only an empty and plain bottle , the ugliest of the ugly . I mention this circumstance as a caution to amateurs in Atar Gul . SHOOTING AT THE POPINJAY . ( For the Mirror .) The Popinjay or Popingo ( signifying painted bird ) is a very favourite and popular diversion in Denmark , and of which it may be interesting to give some account . A society is constituted of various members , called the “ King 's Shooting Club , ” who have a code of laws and regulations drawn up for their observance ; and are under the direction of nine managers . The entrance-money is 60 dollars . Members are admitted by ballot , and on election receive a diploma on parchment , with the seal of the society . The meetings are held in a large building in the environs , and members are decorated with an order or badge of distinction , which is the figure of a gilded bird with outstretched wings , perching on a branch of laurel . This is worn on the left breast , and attached to a button-hole of the waistcoat by a green silk riband . On the breast are marked the letters “ D. C . ” meaning “ Danish Company . ” On one side of the branch is the date 1542 , and on the other 1739 . [ 2 ] In the month of August , when the amusement commences , the members meet in their hall , and proceed in formal procession to an adjoining field on the western side of the city ; where arrangements are previously made for the numerous spectators . The bird to be shot at is about the size of a parrot , gilded , and placed on the top of a high pole . On their way to the field they are attended by a band of music , which precedes the members as they march with their pieces over their shoulders . According to a law of the institution , the competitors fire at this mark with large rifle pieces charged with balls , and rested on triangular stands . Whoever is so fortunate as to strike the wing of the Popingo first , is entitled to a prize . This is sometimes a pair of handsome candlesticks , or a silver tea-pot and spoons . Whoever hits the tail is entitled to another prize not inferior to the last ; but he who wounds the body of the bird is complimented with the principal one which weighs at least 65 ounces of silver , and is honoured with the title of the “ BIRD KING . ” These prizes are surmounted with the royal cipher and crown . His Danish majesty opens this ceremony in person , and is entitled to the first shot , and the queen to the second , then they are followed by the other branches of the royal family in succession . The firing continues until the bird falls . In returning to the hall , the “ Bird King , ” accompanied by the procession , first enters the room , and is placed at the head of the table laid out for an entertainment , even in the presence of his majesty . On this occasion he is understood to be invested with peculiar privileges , such as proposing toasts , directing the order of the feast , & c. and his own health is first given by the judges . The members pay 100 dollars each . The festival is honoured by the presence of the royal family , and no person excepting the members , the foreign ministers , and other distinguished persons , who are specially invited , can be admitted . The practice of shooting at the Popingo or Popinjay , however , is not peculiar to Denmark . In Scotland a nearly similar amusement is observed , where the head marksman receives the title of “ Captain . ” In a future paper , perhaps , I may notice the subject again , as it may prove interesting . W. H. H . [ 2 ] I imagine this to mean the time of the introduction of the sport , and the year when the company was instituted . IMMENSE TROUT . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) In No . 331 of the MIRROR , I observed an article on Trout-fishing in Westmoreland . The writer states , that the largest trout ever caught in that county weighed four pounds and a half . This circumstance induces me to send you the annexed account respecting trout in Kent . The county of Kent affords a vast number of trout-streams , which are nowhere surpassed in England ; and fish of extraordinary size and beauty have frequently been caught in them . Some years ago , at Farningham , ( a village through which a noble trout-stream takes its course ) , stood a flour-mill , the proprietor of which informed my father , that he had often observed an enormous trout in the stream , near the mill-head , and that he would endeavour to catch it , in order to ascertain its real dimensions , as he was very desirous to have a picture done from it . My father having consented to undertake the picture , the proprietor caused the trout , though with much difficulty , to be caught in a stub-net . It appeared of a most beautiful colour , and was finely variegated with spots ; but it possessed such exceeding strength , that the assistance of two men was necessary to hold it down on a table while the measurement was made . It proved to be twenty-six inches in length , and weighed nine pounds . The proprietor returned it to the water unhurt , for he would by no means suffer it to be killed , but caused food from time to time to be thrown into the stream . This food chiefly consisted of meal and flour , made into small balls , which allured the trout to remain near the mill-head . When the particulars concerning this remarkable fish were circulated , many persons came from different parts of Kent , and even from London , to obtain a sight of it . Numerous individuals now living at Farningham can attest the truth of this account ; and , probably , the painting may still be seen at that place . September 20 , 1828 . G. W. N . INSCRIPTION FOR A BROOK ( For the Mirror .) SUR UN RUISSEAU . Coule gentil ruisseau , sous cet é pais fouillage : Ton bruit charme les sens — il attendrit le coeur . Coule gentil ruisseau , car ton cours est l'image D'un beau jour é coul é dans le sein du bonheur . J. J. ROUSSEAU . IMITATED FROM THE ABOVE . Flow , gentle stream , thy course pursue Beneath the shade of waving bowers , Where sunbeams lightly glancing through , The dew-drops kiss from off the flowers . Thy murmurs charm the list'ning ear , And soothe the senses to repose — No wayward passion rages here , The heart no throbbing tumult knows . Thy waters , as they glide along , Reflect but images of peace , Emblem of days , too swiftly flown , Pass 'd in the midst of happiness . Flow on , fair stream , thy course pursue Beneath the shade of waving bowers , Where sunbeams lightly glancing through , Kiss the bright dew from off the flowers . S. N . NATIONAL VARIETIES . ( Continued from page 165 .) It is almost impossible to lay down any rule which would define the variations of national manners as having any reference to climate . We frequently find that the passage of a river , or a chain of mountains , dividing countries of the same natural features , brings us among an entirely new people , and presents us with a fresh scene in the melodrama of life . The inhabitants of Languedoc and Gascony , and the southern parts of France , are the gayest and most lively of the subjects of Charles X .; but the moment we have crossed the Pyrenees , we are among one of the gravest nations in the world , the Spaniards . Again , contrast the solemnity and deep sense of honour of the Turks , with the vivacity and , we regret to add , the deceit and bad faith of the unfortunate modern Greeks . The virtuous spirit will , we trust , revive in the Morea with the return of civilization and freedom ; for , as no one will attribute the degradation of the modern Greeks from the high moral cultivation of their ancestors , to any alteration in the climate of their country , so let us never despair of the return of virtue , of poetry , of the arts and sciences , whilst Parnassus and Helicon still enjoy the same glorious sun , and whilst the Isles are still gilded by eternal summer . We want no proofs that patriotism still lives in Greece , and with that feeling will ever be associated the powers that are able to invigorate a nation . Although a mountainous country like Greece , situated in the loveliest climate in the world , must of course have some effect on the spirit of the people , yet the degree of it seems extremely uncertain . The Swiss seem in a great measure to have lost their renown for patriotism , by their slavish submissions to foreign yokes during the late war , and by the apathy with which they allow their rights to be trampled on at this day by a tyrannical aristocracy at home . There is now a proverb of “ Point d'argent , point de Suisse ! ” — a melancholy reflection for a land where Tell drew his unerring shaft in the cause of freedom — where , so late as 1798 , a patriot of the canton of Schwyz concluded an address with these words :— “ The dew of the mountain may still moisten its verdure — the sweets of the valley may still shed their fragrance around you — the purple grape may still mingle with the green vine — the note of the maiden may still sound sweetly to the ear of her lover — the soft cry of the infant charm the feelings of the father — the confiding wife may yet gladden the home of her husband — but the heart of man will be rotten — the spirit of your ancestors extinguished — Switzerland no more , if you submit to the French . If you love your country , and value your honour , be men , and resist . If not , prove cowards , and obey . ” Patriotism , however , does not confine itself to mountains , as witness the history of the ancient and modern republics of Italy ; of the resistance of Holland and Belgium to their oppressors ; of the English and French revolutions . It is unnecessary to look across the Atlantic , to prove the existence of the pure plant in its most healthy and vigorous growth . The new world is dedicated to the cause of liberty , and from that good seed is now springing forth fruit an hundred fold ; the progress of civilization , of knowledge , of virtue , and happiness in the United States , is , by every recent traveller there , proved to be immense . The example of her own children is becoming an additional security for right principles to the mother country ; and long may it so continue : Yes ! in that generous cause , for ever strong , The patriot 's virtue and the poet 's song , Still as the tide of ages rolls away , Shall charm the world , unconscious of decay ! We cannot even contend that the sun has the effect of inflaming the imaginations of men , and infusing into them either vivacity or a poetic spirit . The French , Greeks , Egyptians , and Persians are all remarkable for gaiety ; while the Spaniards , Turks , and Chinese , the latitudes of whose countries vary but little , are noted for a grave and serious deportment . The land that has given birth to Shakspeare and Milton has no reason to complain of the want of warmth of imagination . Klopstock and Go ë the ,— the latter now allowed to be first of the living poets ,— are instances of the wide range of the spirit of poetry . Shall we , who have seen Byron writing , as it were , in the midst of us , yield assent to calling Greece and Italy the countries of imagination , par excellence , because they have produced Homer and Dante ? Assuredly not . We cannot even admit , as a general proposition , that the languages of the south are always the smoothest and most melodious , and the northern ones harsh , and not adapted for music . The liquid , smooth , and effeminate language of modern Italy is totally different from the strong , energetic , and harsh Latin used by the ancient Romans . The Arabic will be immediately admitted , by any who has heard a page of it read , to be extremely uncouth and disagreeable . The Russian , on the contrary , is soft and musical . And to recur to a more familiar instance , we shall find the Welsh tongue , on examination , to be in fact very poetic , and peculiarly capable of giving force and expression — whether of grandeur , of terror , or of melody — to the idea the words are intended to convey . Let the reader who understands the Welsh pronunciation , judge whether the following distich is not an echo to , and as it were a picture of , the sense of the majestic sound of thunder :— “ T â n a dwr y'n ymwriaw , Yw'r taranau dreigiau draw . ” The roaring thunder , dreadful in its ire , Is water warring with a ë rial fire . The next specimen will show the capability of the Welsh to express soft and melodious sounds :— “ Mae mil o leisian meluson , Mai m ê l o hyd ym mola hon . ” The mellifluence of these lines , written on a harp , is totally lost in the translation :— Within the concave of its womb is found The magic scale of soul-enchanting sound . The best illustration of the comparative degree of mental excellence between the southern and northern nations , is , perhaps , that of Bishop Berkeley , who compares the southern wits to cucumbers , which are commonly all good of their kind , but at best an insipid fruit ; while the northern geniuses are like melons , of which not one in fifty is good ; but when it is so , it has an excellent relish . Now it is not probable that the same climate which is favourable to the study of the sciences and to the reasoning powers , would prevent their being pushed to the utmost extent ; and the solution of this difference may , perhaps , depend on the question , whether a general diffusion of learning among a people is a state of things usually accompanied by a remarkable perfection in particular persons . A man of ordinary acquirements in the present day might have passed for a prodigy in the thirteenth century ; and the novelty and distinction attaching to one who rises above the rest , is , of course , more difficult to attain in an age where knowledge is possessed universally . Inasmuch , therefore , as the liberal arts have been imported to us from the south , and their progress is as yet not so extensive in cold countries , the stimulus to their cultivation in the latter is so much the greater ; which is one way of accounting for the giants in science that have appeared in the north , It is moreover remarkable , that the northern nations have a stronger apprehension of abstract propositions , and a greater fondness for generalizing , than seems to be the case in the south . The difference between a Frenchman and a German is observable in this particular , by any one who attends to their manner of telling stories . The former , in giving you an account of his being robbed by a servant to whom he had been particularly kind , first tells you the facts , and concludes with a reflection , “ Voila que le monde est ingr â t ! ” The German , on the other hand , in order to prove to you the general proposition of the unthankfulness of men to their benefactors , gives you the instance that has recently happened . To the one , the fact is interesting , because it proves the proposition ; to the other , the proposition is a conclusion , which he hastily draws from an individual occurrence that has suggested it . The climate does not appear to affect even the bodies of men to any great degree . We cannot pronounce that it is the sun which makes the African black , when we see the same heat pouring down on the copper-coloured American , in the same degree of latitude , though in another longitude . The inhabitants of Terra del Fuego are of a very dark hue , approaching to black ; and yet that island experiences as severe cold as any part of the earth , as Sir Joseph Banks and Dr. Solander have testified . The complexion and appearance of the Jews , and other emigratory races , is the same in all parts of the world . And a stronger proof cannot be given , than the marked distinction which still exists among the three great families that divide Europe . These three have been for the last 2 , 500 years , and still are , the Celts , the Teutonic race , and the Slavonic race . The Celts have black hair and eyes , and a white skin , verging to brown . They chiefly inhabit the west of Europe , viz . the south of France , ( called by M. Dupin , France obscure ,) Spain , Portugal , and the greatest part of Italy . To them also belong the ancient Britons , the Welsh , Bretons , Irish , Highland Scotch , and the Manks , or people of the Isle of Man . The great German race , with blue eyes , yellow or reddish hair , and a fair and red skin , occupies the middle of Europe . It includes the Swedes , Norwegians , Icelanders , Danes , ancient and modern Germans , Saxons and English , Caledonians and Lowland Scotch , the Belgians , the Vandals , and the Goths . The east of Europe contains the Sarmatian and Slavonic tribes , with dark hair and eyes , darker skin than the Germans , and larger limbs than the Celts . This race includes the Russians , Poles , Croats , Slavons , Bohemians , Bulgarians , Cossacks , and other tribes using the Slavonic language . We trust we shall not give offence to such of our readers as wear the Celtic appearance , if we assume , as undisputed , the general superiority of the Teutonic to the Celtic or Slavonic races in mental acquirements . We believe that the German race are pre-eminent for their sense of order , of law , and of social institutions ; and whether they derive these advantages from the east , whence their origin has now been satisfactorily traced , or however they have attained them , we have only to reflect on the civilization introduced by the Saxons into England — on the actual state of the ancient Britons at present inhabiting Wales and the Highlands — and on the terrible disorder and barbarism that reigns in Ireland — to be thankful that the pure Celtic blood has not been allowed to remain unmixed in these islands . What , then , it will be asked , is the result of these speculations ? Are we to conclude that the races of men are essentially different , or that the variations are attributable to the various degrees of moral cultivation that each nation has received ? And our answer is , that we are inclined to believe the capacities for improvement of races , as of individuals , to have been differently bestowed by nature ; but that none are actually incapable of culture . There is no land , however sterile , that the art of man may not make to produce fruit ; but the difficulty and expense of tillage must be in proportion to the intrinsic richness or poverty of the soil . We fear that the soil of the Negroes [ 3 ] , of the American Indians , and of the Esquimaux , must be laboured at early and late , before it brings forth even an average crop . But we do not despair even here . Still less could we for a moment depreciate the labours of those who are carrying education to the utmost bounds of the earth . The more degraded and stupid the condition of any set of people may be , the more meritorious and thankworthy are those efforts that are made to advance them one point nearer to the heavens — one step above the beasts that perish . The advancement of Hayti , though much overrated , is nevertheless considerable ; and we trust that national independence will co-operate there also with the progress of learning , for the increase of happiness and prosperity . A free government , high public spirit , and an eager desire for wisdom , are permanent securities for the welfare of the state , and the happiness of the citizens ; and though we cannot control nature , let us endeavour by art to supply what is wanting , where her bounty has been limited ; “ let us , ” in the words of Lord Bacon , “ labour to restore and enlarge the power and dominion of the whole race of man over the universe of things ! ” D . [ 3 ] The idea of the ancient Egyptians , as mentioned by Herodotus , having been of the same family as the Negroes , is now completely refuted by the inquiries of Cuvier and other naturalists . The examinations of mummies have been highly useful in setting this question at rest . MORTON BRIDGE . A BALLAD . ( For the Mirror .) The remorseless tragedy on which this ballad is founded , took place upwards of a century ago . In the retired village of Romanby , near Northallerton , Yorkshire , there resided a desperate band of coiners , whose respectability and cunning concealment precluded all possibility of suspicion as to their proceedings . The victim of their revenge was Mary Ward , the servant of one of those ruffians . Having obtained an accidental view of some secret apartments appropriated to their treasonable practices , she unguardedly communicated her knowledge to an acquaintance ; which reaching her master 's ears , he determined to destroy her . The most plausible story , time , and means were selected for this purpose . On a Sunday evening , after sunset , an unknown personage on horseback arrived at her master 's mansion , half equipped , to give colour to his alleged haste , and slated that he was dispatched for Mary , as her mother was dying . She lingered to ask her master 's permission ; but he feigned sleep , and she departed without his leave . On the table of her room was her Bible , opened at those remarkable words in Job , “ They shall seek me in the morning , and shall not find me ; and where I am , they shall not come . ” Her home was at the distance of eight miles from Romanby ; and Morton bridge , hard by the heath where she was murdered , is the traditionary scene of her nocturnal revisitings . The author has seen the tree said to have been distorted by her in endeavouring to climb the fence ; and has visited the village and bridge , from which his descriptions are accurately taken . The impression of her re-appearance is only poetically assumed , for there is too much of what Coleridge would term “ the divinity of nature ” around Morton Bridge , to warrant its association with supernatural mysteries . Oh ! sights are seen , and sounds are heard , On Morton Bridge , at night , When to the woods the cheerful birds Have ta'en their silent flight . When through the mantle of the sky No cheering moonbeams delve , And the far village clock hath told The midnight hour of twelve . Then o'er the lonely path is heard The sigh of sable trees , With deadly moan of suff'ring strife Borne on the solemn breeze — For Mary 's spirit wanders there , In snowy robe array 'd , To tell each trembling villager Where sleeps the murder 'd maid . It was a Sabbath 's eve of love , When nature seem 'd more holy ; And nought in life was dull , but she Whose look was melancholy . She lean 'd her tear-stain 'd cheek of health Upon her lily arm , Poor , hapless girl ! she could not tell What caus 'd her wild alarm . Around the roses of her face Her flaxen ringlets fell ; No lovelier bosom than her own Could guiltless sorrow swell ! The holy book before her lay , That boon to mortals given , To teach the way from weeping earth To ever-glorious heaven ; And Mary read prophetic words , That whisper 'd of her doom — “ Oh ! they will search for me , but where I am , they cannot come ! ” The tears forsook her gentle eyes , And wet the sacred lore ; And such a terror shook her frame , She ne'er had known before . She ceas 'd to weep , but deeper gloom Her tearless musing brought ; And darker wan 'd the evening hour , And darker Mary 's thought . The sun , he set behind the hills , And threw his fading fire On mountain rock and village home , And lit the distant spire . ( Sweet fane of truth and mercy ! where The tombs of other years Discourse of virtuous life and hope , And tell of by-gone tears !) It was a night of nature 's calm , For earth and sky were still ; And childhood 's revelry was o'er , Upon the daisied hill . The ale-house , with its gilded sign , Hung on the beechen bough , Was mute within , and tranquilly The hamlet stream did flow . The room where sat this grieving girl Was one of ancient years ; Its antique state was well display 'd To conjure up her fears ; With massy walls of sable oak , And roof of quaint design , And lattic 'd window , darkly hid By rose and eglantine . The summer moon now sweetly shone All softly and serene ; She clos 'd the casement tremblingly Upon the beauteous scene . Above that carved mantle hung , Clad in the garb of gloom , A painting of rich feudal state ,— An old baronial room . The Norman windows scarcely cast A light upon the wall , Where shone the shields of warrior knights Within the lonely hall . And , pendent from each rusty nail , Helmet and steely dress , With bright and gilded morion , To grace that dim recess . Then Mary thought upon each tale Of terrible romance :— The lady in the lonely tower — The murd'rer ' s deadly glance — And moon-lit groves in pathless woods , Where shadows nightly sped ; Her fancy could not leave the realms Of darkness and the dead . There stood a messenger without , Beside her master 's gate , Who , till his thirsty horse had drunk , Would hardly deign to wait . The mansion rung with Mary 's name , For dreadful news he bore — A dying mother wish 'd to look Upon her child once more . The words were , “ Haste , ere life be gone ; ” Then was she quickly plac 'd Behind him on the hurrying steed , Which soon the woods retrac 'd . Now they have pass 'd o'er Morton Bridge , While smil 'd the moon above Upon the ruffian and his prey — The hawk and harmless dove . The towering elms divide their tops ; And now a dismal heath Proclaims her “ final doom ” is near The awful hour of death ! The villain check 'd his weary horse , And spoke of trust betray 'd ; And Mary 's heart grew sick with fright , As , answering , thus she said — “ Oh ! kill me not until I see My mother 's face again ! Ride on , in mercy , horseman , ride , And let us reach the lane ! “ There slay me by my mother 's door , And I will pray for thee — For she shall find her daughter 's corse ” — “ No , girl , it cannot be . “ This heath thou shalt not cross , for soon Its earth will hide thy form ; That babbling tongue of thine shall make A morsel for the worm ! ” She leap 'd upon the ling-clad heath , And , nerv 'd with phrensied fear , Pursued her slippery way across , Until the wood was near . But nearer still two fiends appear 'd , Like hunters of the fawn , Who cast their cumb'ring cloaks away , Beside that forest lone ; And bounded swifter than the maid , Who nearly ‘ scap 'd their wrath , For well she knew that woody glade , And every hoary path , Obscur 'd by oak and hazel bush , Where milk-maid 's merry song Had often charm 'd her lover 's ear , Who blest her silv'ry tongue . But Mary miss 'd the woodland stile — The hedge-row was not high ; She gain 'd its prickly top , and now Her murderers were nigh . A slender tree her fingers caught — It bent beneath her weight ; ‘ Twas false as love and Mary 's fate ! Deceiving as the night ! She fell — and villagers relate No more of Mary 's hour , But how she rose with deadly might , And , with a maniac 's power , Fought with her murd'rers till they broke Her slender arm in twain : That none could e'er discover where The maiden 's corse was lain . When wand'ring by that noiseless wood , Forsaken by the bee , Each rev'rend chronicler displays The bent and treach'rous tree . Pointing the barkless spot to view , Which Mary 's hand embrac 'd , They shake their hoary locks , and say , “ It ne'er can be effac 'd ! ” * * H . SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . Tanning . The tanner steeps the skin at first in a weak infusion of bark , until it has acquired a nutmeg brown colour , and then he gradually increases the strength of the steeping liquors , and after a time he draws the skin out , and finds that it is converted into leather . A thick piece of hide requires ten , twelve , or fourteen months , to be converted into good leather ; and when you consider the length of time consumed in the process , and the great capital necessarily employed , you cannot feel surprised that various plans should have been proposed to lessen both . It was proposed to tan with warm instead of cold liquors ; and although the tan appeared to promote the skins in a shorter time , the quality of the leather was so much injured , that it was soon given up . Then it was tried to force the tan through the pores of the skin , by employing great pressure ; but this was not found to answer . But you may ask why the tanner does not put the skins at once into a strong liquor ? The reason is , that the exterior surface of the skin would soon become tanned , and the central part would remain untanned , which , in a short time , would begin to rot and decay , and the leather so treated would soon fall to pieces . The tanner , therefore , judges of the perfection of the tanning by cutting through the leather ; and if he finds it of an uniform brown colour , without any white streak in the centre , he considers that the process has been successfully conducted . It would require much time to describe all the operations of the tan-yard , but many of them are interesting , as regards the chemical agents employed . I might have mentioned to you , that the mode of preparing the skin for tanning , is first to soak it in lime-water , by which the hair is easily detached ; but the cuticle and under part of the skin , the cellular substance , are scraped off after it has been soaked in the lime water . A great variety of substances have been used for tanning , as the acorn-cup of the oriental bark ; catechu and sumach have been also used ; but the oak bark is most generally used , as furnishing a large quantity of astringent matter . It is not the business of the chemist to describe the different kinds of leather , but I may just mention , that the upper leather of shoes is called curried leather ; the leather having been tanned , is rubbed over with oil before it is dried , and it is then very flexible , pliable , and durable ; but if you take a piece of dry leather , and try to rub it over with oil or grease , you cannot make it enter the pores of the leather ; the black colour is produced by rubbing it over with a solution of green vitriol , the sulphate of iron . Russian leather is tanned in an infusion of birch bark , and is said to be afterwards mixed with a quantity of birch tar , to give it that odour for which it is peculiar , which renders it valuable for book-binding , on account of preventing it from being attacked by insects . Tawed leather , used for gloves , is made by impregnating the skin with a liquor containing alum and salt , and afterwards washed in a mixture of yolks of eggs and water ; the saline and animal matters combine , and give it that peculiar softness , and such leather is afterwards coloured as may be required ; having been rolled over wooden rollers , in which are grooves , it is called Morocco leather . These are the principal varieties of leather employed in this country .— Brande 's Lectures — Lancet . Mites . An indefatigable naturalist has undertaken the very difficult task of arranging the family of acarides , or mites ; he divides them into sixty-nine genera , the greater part of them new ! Electro-Attraction of Leaves . The results of a French experimentalist have lately led him to conclude that the leaves , hairs , and thorns of plants tend to maintain in them the requisite proportion of electricity ; and , by drawing off from the atmosphere what is superabundant , they also act in some measure as thunder-rods . Enormous Whale . The skeleton of a whale , 95 feet long by 18 feet high , has lately been deposited in the Cabinet of Natural History at Ghent . In the opinion of many naturalists , among whom is M. Cuvier , this fish could not have been less than 900 or 1 , 000 years old ! Fly in Wheat . In North America , much damage is done to crops of wheat by the Hessian fly . The female deposits from one to eight or more eggs upon a single plant of wheat , between the vagina or sheath of the inner leaf and the culm nearest the roots ; in which situation , with its head towards the root or first joint , the young larva pass the winter . They eat the stem , which thus becomes weak , and breaks ; but are checked by another insect , called the destructor , otherwise whole crops of wheat would be annihilated . Spiders . A correspondent of London 's Magazine of Natural History says , that he lately amused himself for more than an hour in observing the proceedings of a little spider , whose bag of eggs had been removed and restored ! Light of the Sea . Its appearance previous to a storm is a very old observation among sailors . It is , however without foundation , as it is to be seen , more or less , all the year round in the Carribean sea , where there are no storms but in the hurricane months . In the hand it has a kind of mucous feel .— Mag . Nat . Hist . Woodpeckers . A specimen of the least woodpecker was lately shot near Newcastle ; and another has since been heard and seen near Coventry . Its noise resembles that made by the boring of a large auger through the hardest wood ; whence the country people sometimes call the bird “ the pump-borer . ” — Ibid . The Tea Shrub Has been naturalized in Java with complete success ; so that , sooner or later , the Chinese monopoly will come to an end . Floating Island . From the earliest times , there are to be found in authors , notices of the singular geological phenomena of floating islands . Pliny tells us of the floating islands of the Lago de Bassanello , near Rome ; in Loch Lomond , in Scotland , there is or was a floating island ; and in the Lake of Derwent Water , in Cumberland , such islands appear and disappear at indefinite periods . Mr. A. Pettingal , jun . has recently described a floating island , about a mile southwards of Newbury port , 140 poles in length , and 120 in breadth . It is covered with trees ; and in summer , when dry weather is long continued , it descends to the bottom of the lake .— American , Journal of Science . An immense Medusa . A species of sea-serpent , was thrown on shore near Bombay , in 1819 . It was about 40 feet long , and must have weighed many tons . A violent gale of wind threw it high above the reach of ordinary tides ; in which situation it took nine months to rot ; during which process travellers were obliged to change the direction of the road for nearly a quarter of a mile , to avoid the offensive effluvia . It rotted so completely , that not a vestige of bone remained .— ( C. Telfair , Esq . to R. Barclay , Esq . of Bury Hill .) Himalaya Mountains . Captain Gerard , in exploring these mountains , with a view to measurement , had ascended to the height of 19 , 600 feet , being 400 feet higher than Humboldt had ascended on the Andes . The latter part of Captain Gerard 's ascent , for about two miles , was on an inclined plane of 42 °, a nearer approach to the perpendicular than Humboldt conceived it possible to climb for any distance together .— Heber 's India . Hippopotamus . The head of a Hippopotamus has recently been brought to England , with all the flesh about it , in a high state of preservation . This amphibious animal was harpooned while in combat with a crocodile , in a lake in the interior of Africa . The head measures near four feet long , and eight feet in circumference ; the jaws open two feet wide , and the cutting-teeth of which it has four in each jaw , are above a foot long , and four inches in circumference . Its ears are not bigger than a terrier 's , and are much about the same shape . This formidable and terrific creature , when full-grown , measures about 17 feet long from the extremity of the snout to the insertion of the tail , above 16 feet in circumference round the body , and stands above 7 feet high . It runs with astonishing swiftness for its great bulk , at the bottom of lakes and rivers , but not with as much ease on land . When excited , it puts forth its full strength , which is prodigious . “ I have seen , ” says a mariner , as we find it in Dampier , “ one of these animals open its jaws , and seizing a boat between its teeth , at once bite and sink it to the bottom . I have seen it on another occasion place itself under one of our boats , and rising under it , overset it , with six men who were in it , but who , however , happily received no other injury . ” At one time it was not uncommon in the Nile , but now it is no where to be found in that river , except above the cataracts . THE COSMOPOLITE . A CHAPTER OF BULLS . I confess it is what the English call a bull , in the expression , though the sense be manifest enough .— POPE . We are friends to the exposition of the weak sides of great men , inasmuch as it reads them a valuable lesson on their own infallibility , and tends to lower the molehills of conceit that are raised in the world as stumbling-blocks along every road of petty ambition . It would , however , be but a sorry toil for the most cynical critic to illustrate these vagaries otherwise than so many slips and trippings of the tongue and pen , to which all men are liable in their unguarded moments — from Homer to Anacreon Moore , or Demosthenes to Mr. Brougham . Our course is rather that of a good-humoured expos é, the worst effect of which will be to raise a laugh at the expense of poor humanity , or a merited smile at our own dulness and mistaken sense of the ridiculous . First , of the ancient Poets , who make departed spirits know things past and to come , yet ignorant of things present . Agamemnon foretels what should happen to Ulysses , yet ignorantly inquires what is become of his own son . The ghosts are afraid of swords in Homer , yet Sibylla tells Aeneas in Virgil , that the then habit of spirits was beyond the force of weapons . The spirits put off their malice with their bodies ; and Caesar and Pompey accord in Latin hell ; yet Ajax in Homer , endures not a conference with Ulysses . In Painting alone we have a rich harvest . Burgoyne in his travels , notices a painting in Spain , where Abraham is preparing to shoot Isaac with a pistol ! There is a painting at Windsor , of Antonio Verrio , in which , he has introduced himself , Sir Godfrey Kneller , and Bap . May , surveyor of the works , in long periwigs , as spectators of Christ healing the sick . In the Luxembourg is a picture of Reubens , in which are the queen-mother in council , with two cardinals , and Mercury ! There may be , also , a sort of anachronism of the limbs , as in the case of the painter of Toledo , who painted the story of the three wise men of the east coming to worship , and bringing their presents to our Lord , upon his birth , at Bethlehem , whence he presents them as three Arabian , or Indian kings ; two of them are white , and one of them black ; but , unhappily , when he drew the latter part of them kneeling , which , to be sure , was done after their faces , their legs being necessarily a little intermixed , he made three black feet for the negro king , and but three white feet for the two white kings ; and yet never discovered the mistake till the piece was presented to the king , and hung up in the great church . There was , also , in the Houghton Hall collection , Velvet Brughel 's Adoration of the Magi , in which were a multitude of figures , all finished with the greatest Dutch exactness ; in fact , the ideas are rather a little too Dutch , for the Ethiopian king is dressed in a surplice , with boots and spurs , and brings , for a present , a gold model of a modern ship . The monks of a certain monastery at Messina , exhibited , with great triumph , a letter written by the Virgin Mary with her own hand . Unluckily for them , this was not , as it easily might have been , written on the ancient papyrus , but on paper made of rags . On some occasion , a visiter , to whom this was shown , observed , with affected solemnity , that the letter involved also a miracle , for the paper on which it was written was not in existence till several hundred years after the mother of our Lord had ascended into heaven . In the church of St. Zacharia , at Venice , is the picture of a Virgin and Child , whom an angel is entertaining with an air upon the violin . Jean Belin was the artist , in 1500 . So , also , in the college library of Aberdeen , to a very neat Dutch missal , are appended elegant paintings on the margin , of the angels appearing to the shepherds , with one of the men playing on the bagpipes . There is a picture in a church at Bruges that puts not only all chronology , but all else , out of countenance . It is the marriage of Jesus Christ with Saint Catherine of Sienna . But who marries them ? St. Dominic , the patron of the church . Who joins their hands ? Why , the Virgin Mary . And to crown the anachronism , King David plays the harp at the wedding ! Albert Durer represented an angel in a flounced petticoat , driving Adam and Eve from Paradise . Lewis Cigoli painted a picture of the Circumcision of the Holy Child , Jesus , and drew the high priest , Simeon , with spectacles on his nose ; upon a supposition , probably , that , in respect of his great age , that aid would be necessary . Spectacles , however , were not known for fourteen centuries afterwards . In a picture painted by F. Chello della Puera , the Virgin Mary is placed on a velvet sofa , playing with a cat and a paroquet , and about to help herself to coffee from an engraved coffee-pot . In another , painted by Peter of Cortona , representing the reconciliation of Jacob and Laban , ( now in the French Museum ) , the painter has represented a steeple or belfry rising over the trees . A belfry in the mountains of Mesopotamia , in the time of Jacob ! N. Poussin 's celebrated picture , at the same place , of Rebecca at the Well , has the whole back-ground decorated with Grecian architecture . Paul Veronese placed Benedictine fathers and Swiss soldiers among his paintings from the Old Testament . A painter , intending to describe the miracle of the fishes listening to the preaching of St. Anthony of Padua , painted the lobsters , who were stretching out of the water , red ! probably having never seen them in their natural state . Being asked how he could justify this anachronism , he extricated himself by observing , that the whole affair was a miracle , and that thus the miracle was made still greater . In the Notices des MSS . du Roi VI . 120 , in the illuminations of a manuscript Bible at Paris , under the Psalms , are two persons playing at cards ; and under Job and the Prophets are coats of arms and a windmill . Poussin , in his picture of the Deluge has painted boats , not then invented . St. Jerome , in another place , with a clock by his side ; a thing unknown in that saint 's days .— Nous revenons . THE TOPOGRAPHER VIRGINIA WATER , ( The favourite Retreat of his Majesty .) Virginia Water was planted , and the lake executed , under the direction of Paul Sandby , at a time when this part of Windsor Forest was the favourite residence of Duke William of Cumberland . The artificial water is the largest in the kingdom , with the single exception of Blenheim ; the cascade is , perhaps , the most striking imitation we have of the great works of nature ; and the grounds are arranged in the grandest style of landscape-gardening . The neighbouring scenery is bold and rugged , being the commencement of Bagshot Heath ; and the variety of surface agreeably relieves the eye , after the monotony of the first twenty miles from town , which fatigues the traveller either upon the Bath or Western roads . At the time when the public were allowed to visit Virginia Water , the best point of entrance was at the gate at Bishopsgate ; near which very pretty village , or rather green , the Royal Lodge is at present situated . Shelley , who had a true eye for the picturesque , resided for some time at this place ; and it would have been difficult for a poet to have found , in any of the highly cultivated counties of England , a spot so full of the most exquisite variety of hill and dale , of wood and water ,— so fitted to call forth and cherish the feelings upon which poetry must depend for its peculiar nurture . Bishopsgate is situated about a mile to the right of the western road from London , after you ascend the hill beyond Egham . To the left , St. Anne 's Hill , the favoured residence of Charles Fox , is a charming object ; and upon the ridge which the traveller ascends , is the spot which has given a name to Denham 's celebrated poem . “ Cooper 's Hill ” is not shut out from the contemplative searchers after the beauties of nature ; and , however the prospect here may be exceeded by scenes of wider extent , or more striking grandeur , certainly the locale of the earliest , and perhaps the best , descriptive poem of our language , is calculated to produce the warmest feelings of admiration , both for its actual beauty and its unrivalled associations . From an elevation of several hundred feet , you look down upon a narrow fertile valley , through which the Thames winds with surpassing loveliness . Who does not recollect the charming lines with which Denham describes the “ silver river : ” — “ Oh ! could I flow thee , and make thy stream My great example , as it is my theme ; Though deep , yet clear ; though gentle , yet not dull ; Strong without rage ; without o'erflowing full . ” Immediately at your feet is the plain of Runnemede , where the great battle between John and the Barons was fought ; and in the centre of the river is the little fishing island , where Magna Charta was signed . At the extremity of the valley is Windsor Castle , rising up in all the pomp of its massive towers . We recollect the scene as Windsor was . Whatever Mr. Wyattville may have done for its internal improvement , and for its adaptation to the purposes of a modern residence without sacrificing all its character of antiquity , we fear that he has destroyed its picturesque effect in the distant landscape . Its old characteristic feature was that of a series of turrets rising above the general elevation . By raising the intermediate roofs , without giving a proportionate height to the towers , the whole line has become square and unbroken . This was , perhaps , an unavoidable fault ; but it is a fault . From Cooper 's Hill , the entrance to Virginia Water is a walk of a quarter of an hour . We were accustomed to wander down a long and close plantation of pines , where the rabbit ran across with scarcely a fear of man . A more wild and open country succeeded ; and we then followed the path , through many a “ bosky bourn , ” till we arrived at a rustic bridge , which crossed the lake at a narrow neck , where the little stream was gradually lost amongst the underwood . A scene of almost unrivalled beauty here burst upon the view . For nearly a mile , a verdant walk led along , amidst the choicest evergreens , by the side of a magnificent breadth of water . The opposite shore was rich with the heather-bloom ; and plantations of the most graceful trees — the larch , the ash , and the weeping birch ( “ the lady of the woods ” ) , broke the line of the wide lake , and carried the imagination on , in the belief that some mighty river lay beyond that screening wood . The cascade was at length reached . Cascades are much upon the same plan , whether natural or artificial ; the scale alone makes the difference . This cascade is sufficiently large not to look like a plaything ; and if it were met with in Westmoreland or Wales , tourists would dilate much upon its beauties . At this point the water may be easily forded ; and after a walk of the most delicious seclusion , we used to reach a bold arch , over which the public road was carried . Here have been erected some of the antique columns , that , a few years ago , were in the court-yard of the British Museum . From this arch a variety of walks , of the most delightful retirement , present themselves . They are principally bounded with various trees of the pine tribe , intermingled with laurel and acacia . The road gradually ascends to a considerable elevation , where there is a handsome building , called the Belvidere . The road from this spot is very charming . We descend from this height , through a wild path , by the side of trees of much more ancient growth than the mass around ; and , crossing the high road , again reach the lake , at a point where its dimensions are ample and magnificent . About this part a splendid fishing-temple has lately been erected . Of its taste we can say nothing . The common road from Blacknest ( the name of this district of Windsor Forest ) to the Royal Lodge is strikingly beautiful . Virginia Water is crossed by a very elegant bridge , built by Sandby ; on one side of it the view terminates in a toy of the last age — a Chinese temple ; on the other it ranges over a broad expanse of water . The road sometimes reminds one of the wildness of mountain scenery , and at another turn displays all the fertility of a peaceful agricultural district . We at length pass the secluded domain of the Royal Lodge ; and when we reach the edge of the hill , we look upon a vista of the most magnificent elms , and over an expanse of the most striking forest scenery , with the splendid Castle terminating the prospect — a monument of past glories , which those who have a feeling for their country 's honour may well uphold and cherish .— London Magazine . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . TEA . The principal article of our commerce with China , namely , tea , is , perhaps , more singular in its history than any other article of commerce in the known world . A simple and unsophisticated shrub , in little more than half a century , has become an article of such general consumption , that it seems to form one of the prime articles of existence among the great bulk of mankind . It is the peculiar growth of a country , of which it forms almost the only link of connexion with the rest of the world . It forms the source of the largest commercial revenue to the British Government of any other commodity whatever , and of the largest commercial profits to the individuals concerned in its importation . Withal , it is the simplest , the most harmless thing that ever was offered to the gratification of man ,— having , it is believed and argued by many , a moral influence wherever it is diffused . It is the rallying point of our earliest associations ; it has ever given an additional charm to our firesides ; and tends , perhaps , more than any one thing , to confirm the pre-existing domestic habits of the British public . Its exhilarating qualities are eagerly sought after as a restorative and solace from the effects of fatigue or dissipation ; the healthy and the sick , the young and the old , all equally resort to the use of it , as yielding all the salutary influence of strong liquors , without their baneful and pernicious effects . Yet this shrub , so simple and so useful , is delivered to the community of this country , so surcharged with duties and profits beyond its original cost , that , did it contain all the mischievous qualities that are opposed to its real virtues , it could not be more strictly guarded from general use . For the whole of our imports , including factory expenses and commission , the original cost in China amounts to the sum of two millions sterling . This is wonderfully increased before the British public can have any access to the article of consumption ; thus :— 1 . The value of the Company 's importations from China into Great Britain , as established by their own statements , is £ 2 , 000 , 000 2 . On this they charge 100 per cent , for their own especial benefit 2 , 000 , 000 3 . And the Government duty , as by law established , is equal to the original cost , and the profits charged by the company ; both forming the sale price 4 , 000 , 000 £ 8 , 000 , 000 Oriental Herald . DEATH OF YOUNG PARK . It is quite inconceivable with what increased zeal new candidates for African discovery come forward the moment that the death of any fresh victim to this pestilential country is announced . To the list of those who have already fallen , may be added young Park , the son of the late enterprising Mungo Park , and a midshipman of his majesty 's ship Sybille . He went out in this ship with a full determination to proceed on foot , and alone , from the coast to the spot where his father perished , in the hope of hearing some authentic and more detailed account of the catastrophe than had yet been received . With leave of the commodore , he set out from Accra , and proceeded as far as Yansong , the chief town of Acquimbo , distant from the coast about one hundred and forty miles . Here the natives were celebrating the Yam feast , a sort of religious ceremony , to witness which Park got up into a Fetish tree , which is regarded by the natives with fear and dread . Here he remained a great part of the day , exposed to the sun , and was observed to drink a great quantity of palm wine . In dropping down from one of the lower branches , he fell on the ground , and said , that he felt a severe shock in his head . He was that evening seized with a fever , and died in three days , on the 31st October , 1827 . As soon as the king , Akitto , heard of his death , he ordered all his baggage to be brought to his house , and instantly despatched a messenger to Accra , first making him swear “ by the head of his father , ” that he would not sleep till he had delivered the message ; it was to inform the resident of the event , and that all the property of the deceased would be forthwith sent down to Accra . This was accordingly done , and it did not appear on examination , that a single article was missing ; even an old hat , without a crown , was not omitted . There was an idle report of Park being poisoned , for which there appears not the slightest foundation .— Q . Rev . DIRGE TO THE MEMORY OF MISS ELLEN GEE , OF KEW , Who died in consequence of being stung in the eye . Peerless , yet hapless maid of Q ! Accomplish 'd LN G ! Never again shall I and U Together sip our T . For , ah ! the Fates , I know not Y , Sent midst the flowers a B , Which ven'mous stung her in the I , So that she could not C . LN exclaim 'd , “ Vile , spiteful B ! If ever I catch U On jess'mine , rosebud , or sweet P , I 'll change your stinging Q . “ I 'll send you , like a lamb or U , Across the Atlantic C , From our delightful village Q , To distant OYE . “ A stream runs from my wounded I , Salt as the briny C , As rapid as the X or Y , The OIO , or D . “ Then fare thee ill , insensate B ! Who stung , nor yet knew Y ; Since not for wealthy Durham 's C Would I have lost my I . ” They bear with tears fair LN G In funeral RA , A clay-cold corse now doom 'd to B , Whilst I mourn her DK . Ye nymphs of Q , then shun each B , List to the reason Y ! For should a B C U at T , He 'll surely sting your I . Now in a grave , L deep in Q , She 's cold as cold can B ; Whilst robins sing upon A U , Her dirge and LEG . New Monthly Magazine . LINES SENT WITH A GOOSE . “ When this you see , Remember me , ” Was long a phrase in use , And so I send To you , dear friend , My proxy . “ What ? ” A goose ! THE GATHERER A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . CORPORATION LEARNING . At a late meeting of a certain corporation in Dorsetshire , for the nomination of a person to fill the office of Mayor , a sufficient number of the burgesses not being in attendance , it was intimated that an application would be made for a Mandamus , when one of “ the worthy electors , ” being un - “ learned in the law , ” innocently remarked , “ I hope he will come , and then he 'll put un all right and make un elect one . ” Sept. 25 , 1828 . This is not a Joe Miller joke , but one of actual and recent occurrence ; although there is a similar story fathered on a sapient civic authority . SELLING A WOMAN . The value that was set upon the bond-servants in the West Indies , is curiously exemplified in the following anecdote :— There was a planter in Barbadoes that came to his neighbour , and said to him , “ Neighbour , I hear you have lately brought good store of servants out of the last ship that came from England ; and I hear withal that you want provisions . I have great want of a woman servant , and would be glad to make an exchange . If you will let me have some of your woman 's flesh , you shall have some of my hog 's flesh . ” So the price was set , a groat a-pound for the hog 's flesh , and sixpence for the woman 's . The scales were set up , and the planter had a maid that was extremely fat , lazy , and good for nothing ; her name was Honour . The man brought a great fat sow , and put it in one scale , and Honour was put in the other . But when he saw how much the maid outweighed his sow , he broke off the bargain and would not go on . SMOKING . Such is the passion for smoking at Hamburgh , that children about ten years of age may be seen with pipes in their mouths , whiffing with great gravity and composure . PUBLIC ROADS . The turnpike-roads of England are above twenty thousand miles in length , and upwards of a million sterling is annually expended in their repair and maintenance . John Bulwer , M. D . was author of many books , the most curious of which were his “ Anthropo Metamorphoses , ” and “ Pathomyotomia . ” We might conclude he was of Irish extraction ; St. Patrick , the old song says , “ ne'er shut his eyes to complaints , ” and Bulwer in his “ Instructions to the Deaf and Dumb , ” tells us they are intended “ to bring those who are so born to hear the sound of words with their eyes ! ” — Wadd 's Memoirs . CRANIOLOGY . Philosophy is a very pleasant thing , and has various uses ; one is , that it makes us laugh ; and certainly there are no speculations in philosophy , that excite the risible faculties , more than some of the serious stories related by fanciful philosophers .— One man cannot think with the left side of his head ; another , with the sanity of the right side judges the insanity of the left side of his head . Zimmerman , a very grave man , used to draw conclusions as to a man 's temperament , from his nose !— not from the size or form of it , but the peculiar sensibility of the organ ; while some have thought , that the temperature of the atmosphere might be accurately ascertained by the state of its tip ! and Cardan considered acuteness of the organ a sure proof of genius !— Ibid . WILSON THE PAINTER . The late Mr. Christie , the auctioneer , while selling a collection of pictures , having arrived at a chef-d'oeuvre of Wilson 's , was expatiating with his usual eloquence on its merits , quite unaware that Wilson himself had just before entered the room . “ This gentlemen , is one of Mr. Wilson 's Italian pictures ; he cannot paint anything like it now . ” “ That 's a lie ! ” exclaimed the irritated artist , to Mr. Christie 's no small discomposure , and to the great amusement of the company ; “ he can paint infinitely better . ” SCOTCH DEGREE . A few years since , a vain old country surgeon obtained a diploma to practice , and called on Dr. H ——, of Bath , with the important intelligence . At dinner , the doctor asked his new brother , if the form of diplomas ran now in the same style as at the early commencement of those honours ? “ Pray Sir , what might that form be ? ” says the surgeon , “ I 'll give it to you , ” replied our Galen , when stepping to his daughter 's harpsichord , he sung the following prophecy of the Witches to Macbeth : He must , he must , He shall , he shall Spill much more blood And become worse , To make his title good . “ That , sir , was the true ancient mode of conferring a Scotch degree on Dr. Macbeth . ” G. J. Y . THREE FACES . Three faces wears the doctor ; when first sought An angel 's — and a god 's the cure half wrought ; But when , that cure complete , he seeks his fee , The devil looks then less terrible than he . This epigram is illustrated by the following conversation , which passed between Bouvart and a French marquis , whom he had attended during a long and severe indisposition . As he entered the chamber on a certain occasion , he was thus addressed by his patient : “ Good day to you , Mr. Bouvart ; I feel quite in spirits , and think my fever has left me . ” — “ I am sure of it , " replied the doctor ; “ the very first expression you used convinces me of it . ” — “ Pray explain yourself . ” — “ Nothing more easy ; in the first days of your illness , when your life was in danger , I was your dearest friend ; as you began to get better , I was your good Bouvart ; and now I am Mr. Bouvart ; depend upon it you are quite recovered . ” LYING . A Dutch ambassador , entertaining the king of Siam with an account of Holland , after which his majesty was very inquisitive , amongst other things told him , that water in his country would sometimes get so hard , that men walked upon it ; and that it would bear an elephant with the utmost ease . To which the king replied , “ Hitherto I have believed the strange things you have told me , because I looked upon you as a sober , fair man ; but now I am sure you lie . ” LIMBIRD 'S EDITIONS . CHEAP and POPULAR WORKS published at the MIRROR OFFICE in the Strand , near Somerset House . The ARABIAN NIGHTS ’ ENTERTAINMENTS . Embellished with nearly 150 Engravings . Price 6s . 6d . boards . The TALES of the GENII . Price 2s . The MICROCOSM . By the Right Hon . G. CANNING . & c. Price 2s . PLUTARCH 'S LIVES , with Fifty Portraits , 2 vols . price 13s . boards . COWPER 'S POEMS , with 12 Engravings , price 3s . 6d . boards . COOK 'S VOYAGES , 2 vols . price 8s . boards . The CABINET of CURIOSITIES : or , WONDERS of the WORLD DISPLAYED Price 5s . boards . BEAUTIES of SCOTT . 2 vols . Price 7s . boards . GOLDSMITH 'S ESSAYS . Price 8d . DR. FRANKLIN 'S ESSAYS . Price 1s . 2d . BACON 'S ESSAYS Price 8d . SALMAGUNDI . Price 1s . 8d . The ARCANA of SCIENCE for 1828 . Price 4s . 6d .