THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 20 . No . 559 ] SATURDAY , JULY 28 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . OPORTO OPORTO . Persons who are looking for “ news from the seat of war ” will probably hail the timely appearance of this Engraving , and regard it as folks sitting at a play do a drop-scene between the acts . The reader knows our pacific politics : we are of the pen , not of the sword ; but we cannot be indifferent to a great political result , when Old men , and beldams , in the streets Do prophesy upon it . Oporto is a place of great commercial as well as political consideration . Thousands of Englishmen have a grateful recollection of the former importance upon their very lips . Its situation is one of great natural beauty . It is the largest city in Portugal , Lisbon excepted . It has been commonly said to owe its origin to the Romans ; [ 1 ] but it appears , from the best authors , to have been founded about A. D. 417 by the Suevi , who had established themselves in Braga and other parts of ancient Galicia , but who were driven by the Alani to the banks of the Douro , where they fortified themselves on the steep hill now occupied by the cathedral and the bishop 's palace , and which is still distinguished by the appellation of the Cidade de Antiga . [ 1 ] At Coimbra , about two days ’ journey from Oporto , is a Roman bridge and aqueduct , nearly entire . The city occupies the north bank of the Douro , ( anciently Durius ,) about five miles from the mouth of the river , and the Atlantic Ocean . The approach from thence to Oporto is remarkably beautiful . The dangers of the bar , across the mouth of the river , once passed , [ 2 ] a succession of interesting objects present themselves on both sides , as we ascend towards the city . The little town of St. Joao da Foz stands on the north bank , close to the sea , and is the favourite resort of the wealthier inhabitants of Oporto during the violent heat of the summer . The river , immediately within the bar , expands into the appearance of a lake . A little higher up it is narrowed by two abrupt hills . That on the right terminates in a precipice of bright hard sandstone , descending so steeply to the water 's edge , that but lately a road has been made from Oporto along the bank of the river , to St. Joao da Foz , by blasting and hewing down a sufficient portion of the rock . This height , from its precipitous sides , is called the Monte d'Arabida , and forms the western boundary of a lovely valley , opening upon the Douro , covered with the Quintas , or villas , of the wealthier inhabitants of the adjoining city . Most of the Quintas at the mouth of the river command delightful prospects of the Atlantic Ocean , and the splendid effects produced on these scenes at sunset , in this glowing climate , are almost indescribable . Some idea of its beauty may be formed by reference to Colonel Batty 's view from this point . [ 3 ] The appearance of the Douro , with its numerous shipping , and the variety of interesting objects scattered on its cheerful banks , render this one of the most pleasing scenes in the circle of Oporto . [ 2 ] The dangerous passage across the bar of the Douro , and its shifting sands , are well known . The care and skill required to navigate a vessel with safety into the Douro , even during the summer , may give an idea of what the perils of this dangerous bar must be during the winter months ; when the coast is exposed to the unbridled fury of the westerly winds , and to the full force of the Atlantic waves .— Portugal Illustrated , by the Rev . W. Kinsey , B. D . [ 3 ] See Select Views of Oporto . By Lieut . Col. Batty , F. R. S ., the accuracy of which may be said to extend as far as pictorial art can succeed in conveying foreign objects to our firesides . We are indebted for our Engraving to this valuable work . To economize time and space we must quit this enchanting spot . Gondolas , like those at Venice , are used on the river , but will not suffice for our celerity . We must reach at once the point of our Engraving . The view is taken from Villa Nova , an important suburb of Oporto , on the opposite bank of the river . The city may be divided into the high and the low town . It contains , in a civil sense , five wards , or bairros , of which the S é, or cathedral hill , and the Vittoria , or height opposite to the S é, ( and crowned by a church , which was founded in commemoration of a celebrated battle fought on the spot with the Moors , which terminated in their defeat and expulsion from the place ,) form the town properly called Oporto ; and it is possible still to trace the remains of the old wall , which formerly surrounded and defended the place . The three other quarters , San Idelfonso , Miragaya , and Villa Nova , are open . The latter is connected with the principal town by a bridge of boats , which is so badly constructed as to be scarcely able to sustain the violent power of the river when swelled by winter torrents . The Douro , like the Rhine and the Rhone , and all other rivers which flow through a rocky and often confined channel , commits at certain seasons the greatest ravages ; and property to a considerable amount is annually lost at Oporto , by the irresistible force with which the river pours down and carries every thing before it . A bridge of granite has been long talked of to connect Villa Nova and Oporto , but the funds are not yet forthcoming , and the expense will be considerable . The Engraving represents the most ancient part of the city of Oporto . We are here directly fronting the bishop 's palace , which , with the S é, or Cathedral , [ 4 ] and buildings , to the left , occupy the crest of the hill . Further left is the steeple of the church dos Clerigos , said to be the loftiest in Portugal after that of Mafra . This tower is visible from the sea at a distance of ten leagues , and serves as an important landmark for ships steering to the mouth of the Douro . It was erected in the year 1748 , and is built entirely of the finest masonry , an art in which the Portuguese are almost unrivalled . On the summit of the hill to the right , touching the old walls and towers , is the convent of Santa Clara . Immediately below the Cathedral , the rocky steep has been cut into terraces , and laid out in gardens . The river is bordered by the old city wall . A noble street , the Rua Nova de St. Joao , is seen opening upon the quay on the left . Part of the bridge of boats appears on the right : it was first constructed in the year 1806 , destroyed in 1809 , but re-established in 1815 . It was the scene of dreadful slaughter at the time the city was given up to pillage by the French . Some of the boats forming it had been destroyed , and many of the wretched inhabitants crowding to the bridge , in hopes of escaping from the enemy 's sword were urged on by the affrighted multitude into the rapid stream , and thus perished . On the river , to the right and left , is seen a Portuguese coasting vessel , called Hyate ; in the centre is a wine-boat of the Douro , with a raised platform for the steersman . The foreground of the view is the shore of Villa Nova , adjoining the quay . The chief article of export is wine ; [ 5 ] and here is the grand dep ô t for this commodity , which is stowed in long , low buildings , called lodges . [ 4 ] Here is the altar of wrought silver , which was fortunately rescued from the hands of the French , when in possession of Oporto . [ 5 ] The annual average quantity of wine exported from Oporto to Great Britain , was in the ten years , 1813-1822 , 24 , 364 pipes , and to all other parts of the world only 1 , 094 pipes per annum . The quantity since 1822 has not materially altered .— See a Communication to vol . xv . of the Mirror , p. 118 . “ On the quays , ” says Mr. Kinsey , “ are seen fine blocks of granite , already converted into form , having their edges cased with wood , ready to be shipped off for buildings in Brazil , where it appears that no good stone , or , at least , so durable as this , can be procured ;— pipe-staves from Memel ,— flax and iron ,— and occasionally coals from the north of England . There are generally at anchor in the river between Villa Nova and Oporto , Russian , Brazilian , English , American , Dutch , Danish , and some French vessels ; but many of the latter nation are not to be found in the Portuguese ports . Two thirds of the shipping to be seen in the Douro , are British , Brazilian , or Portuguese . ” The gardens of the city are luxuriantly stored . Brazilian plants , easily distinguished by their gaudy colours , vines on trellis , superb lemon-trees , lime and orange-trees , pear , apple , and plum-trees , and Alpine strawberries are in abundance . The Indian cane , with its splendid blossom , whose colour resembles that of the Guernsey , or rather the Chinese lily , is a gay addition to the ornaments of this earthly paradise . Mr. Kinsey says “ The ulmis adjungere vitem is well known in poetical description , but in Portugal , besides overshadowing their artificial supporters , the vines are seen attaching themselves to , or hanging down in luxuriant festoons from forest-trees , such as the oak , chestnut , and cork , in all the wildness of nature , and not unfrequently insinuating themselves among the branches of myrtle-trees , which attain a considerable size in the hedge-rows , and contrasting their large , purple bunches with the snow-white blossom . The union is truly poetical , and its novelty is charming to the eye of a northern traveller . A vine is often purposely planted by the farmer under an oak-tree , whose boughs it soon over-runs , repaying the little labour expended in its cultivation by its fruit , and the lop of its branches . Ten pipes of green wine , vinho verde , expressed from these grapes , will yield one pipe of excellent brandy . Being light and sharp , the vinho verde is preferred by the generality of Portuguese in the summer , to wines of superior strength and quality . ” The population of Oporto and Villa Nova was stated by Colonel Batty in 1830 , to amount to about 80 , 000 inhabitants . POETS , MINOR AND MAJOR . Perhaps no branch of literary reputation is so difficult to establish as that of first-rate poetic excellence . During the last fifty years , many meritorious competitors for bardic renown have successively aspired to public favour , and have each in their turns exhibited their fancy-woven bouquets , as containing a more beautiful assemblage of “ flowers of all hue , ” as Milton divinely sings , than those which their equally emulative and praiseworthy compeers have , in their best attempts , laid out upon the parterre of the public . In the poetic foreground of the above period , are to be seen the names of Pye , Ogilvie , Whitehead , Tasker , Mason , Cowper , Merry , Jerningham , Woty , Hurdis , Pratt , Fitzgerald , & c. over whose metrical effusions , with the exception of the fifth and sixth , the clouds of obscurity have long since cast a darkening hue . Even the “ Elegaic Sonnets ” of Charlotte Smith , which first appeared in 1784 , and formed a sort of poetical era in point of popularity , have long since “ fallen into the sere and yellow leaf , ” as it was discriminately hinted by Burns would be the case with his soul-breathing Letters ; the Sonnets by the Rev . W. L . Bowles , although emanating from a beautiful fountain-spring of thought and feeling , which should have screened their writer from the venomous shaft of Byron , have already sunk beneath the meridian of their popularity ; and the loaded ornamental rhymes of Darwin ; the prettily embroidered couplets of Miss Seward , together with the Della Cruscan Rhymes of Mary Robinson , Mrs. Cowley , & c. are left like daisies , plucked from the greensward , to perish beneath unfeeling neglect . Who now reads the verses of Ann Yearsley , the poetic milkwoman , who was so lauded beyond her deserts , by Mrs. H . More ?— few or none . Why is this revolution in public taste ? Because those master-spirits which guide the present age , have given birth to a species of poetry more legitimate and useful in its design , and more valuable in its tendencies and characteristics . Instead of the “ namby pamby ” verses of the period I have alluded to , and the coarse scurrility of style which runs with a discolouring vein through the satirical pages of Dr. Wolcot , we have now the heart-stirring metres of a Campbell , as in that beautiful rainbow of poetic loveliness and imagination , his “ Pleasures of Hope . ” We have now a series of pictures bearing an impress as pleasant as the gleams of warm autumn in the “ Pleasures of Memory , ” by Rogers ; the wildness of Loutherbourgh , the grandeur of Salvator Rosa , the terror-striking forms of Fuseli , embodied with increased energy in the immortal Lays of Byron : the every-day incidents of life , copied with the graphic fidelity of a Sharp , and bearing the faithful stamp of cottage grouping , which distinguished the pencil of a Morland ,— in the natural paintings of Crabbe . We have Catullus stealing from his couch , to breathe a new intonation into the harp of Moore ; and last of all , we have the votaress of virtue and moral feeling , the Cambrian minstrel , Mrs. Hemans , making melancholy appear as delightful as love . The Author of a Tradesman 's Lays . STANZAS FOR MUSIC . Though the waves of old Time are darkly advancing , There still is one spot where the sunbeams are glancing , There glow the gay visions of youth 's sunny morn , Safe from the ocean-wave , safe from the storm : For Memory keeps the spot fresh and green ever , The dark tides of Time , shall sweep over it never ! There Fancy , her mirror holds up to the eye , And lovely the forms that come wandering by , Like music come softly the sounds that have fled , The voices of lov 'd ones , the tones of the dead : Oh Memory ! keep that spot fresh and green ever , And the dark tides of Time , sweep over it never . For beautiful Hope , wanders oft to the Isle , With her wreath of bright flowers , and radiant smile . She stands with her finger upraised to the sky , And she dries the sad tear-drop in Memory 's eye : An emerald green , be that Island for ever , May the dark tides of Time , sweep over it never ! Kirton , Lindsey . ANNE R . ANECDOTE GALLERY CARDING A TITHE PROCTOR . In Ireland , carding the tithe proctors was occasionally resorted to by the White Boys , and was performed in the following manner :— - The tithe proctor was generally waked out of his first sleep by his door being smashed in ; and the boys in white shirts desired him “ never to fear , ” as they only intended to card him this bout for taking a quarter instead of a tenth from every poor man in the parish . They then turned him on his face upon the bed ; and taking a lively ram cat out of a bag which they brought with them , they set the cat between the proctor 's shoulders . The beast , being nearly as much terrified as the proctor , would endeavour to get off ; but being held fast by the tail , he intrenched every claw deep in the proctor 's back , in order to keep up a firm resistance to the White Boys . The more the tail was pulled back , the more the ram cat tried to go forward ; at length , when he had , as he conceived , made his possession quite secure , main force convinced him to the contrary , and that if he kept his hold he must lose his tail . So , he was dragged backward to the proctor 's loins , grappling at every pull , and bringing away here and there strips of the proctor 's skin , to prove the pertinacity of his defence . When the ram cat had got down to the loins he was once more placed at the shoulders , and again carded the proctor ( toties quoties ) according to his sentence . WALKING GALLOWS . ( From Sir Jonah Barrington 's Sketches .) Among the extraordinary characters that turned up in the fatal “ ninety-eight , ” there were few more extraordinary than Lieutenant H ——, then denominated the “ walking gallows ; ” — and such he certainly was , literally and practically . Lieutenant H —— was an officer of the line on half pay . His brother was one of the solicitors to the Crown — a quiet , tremulous , vino deditus sort of man , and a leading Orangeman ;— his widow who afterwards married and survived a learned doctor , was a clever , positive , good-looking Englishwoman , and , I think , fixed the doctor 's avowed creed : as to his genuine faith , that was of little consequence . Lieutenant H —— was about six feet two inches high ;— strong , and broad in proportion . His strength was great , but of the dead kind unaccompanied by activity . He could lift a ton , but could not leap a rivulet ; he looked mild , and his address was civil — neither assuming nor at all ferocious . I knew him well , and from his countenance should never have suspected him of cruelty ; but so cold-blooded and so eccentric an executioner of the human race I believe never yet existed , save among the American Indians . [ 6 ] [ 6 ] His mode of execution being perfectly novel , and at the same time ingenious , Curran said , “ The lieutenant should have got a patent for cheap strangulation . ” His inducement to the strange barbarity he practised I can scarcely conceive ; unless it proceeded from that natural taint of cruelty which so often distinguishes man above all other animals when his power becomes uncontrolled . The propensity was probably strengthened in him from the indemnities of martial law , and by those visions of promotion whereby violent partizans are perpetually urged , and so frequently disappointed . At the period alluded to , law being suspended , and the courts of justice closed , the “ question ” by torture was revived and largely practised . The commercial exchange of Dublin formed a place of execution ; even suspected rebels were every day immolated as if convicted on the clearest evidence ; and Lieutenant H —— ‘ s pastime of hanging on his own back persons whose physiognomies he thought characteristic of rebellion was ( I am ashamed to say ) the subject of jocularity instead of punishment . What in other times he would himself have died for , as a murderer , was laughed at as the manifestation of loyalty : never yet was martial law so abused , or its enormities so hushed up as in Ireland . Being a military officer , the lieutenant conceived he had a right to do just what he thought proper , and to make the most of his time while martial law was flourishing . Once , when high in blood , he happened to meet a suspicious-looking peasant from County Kildare , who could not satisfactorily account for himself according to the lieutenant 's notion of evidence ; and having nobody at hand to vouch for him , the lieutenant of course immediately took for granted that he must be a rebel strolling about , and imagining the death of his Most Gracious Majesty . [ 7 ] He therefore , no other court of justice being at hand , considered that he had a right to try the man by his own opinion ; accordingly , after a brief interrogation , he condemned him to die , and without further ceremony proceeded to put his own sentence into immediate execution . [ 7 ] The lieutenant 's brother being a Crown solicitor , had now and then got the lieutenant to copy the high treason indictments : and he , seeing there that imagining the death of a king was punished capitally , very naturally conceived that wishing it was twice as bad as supposing it : having therefore no doubt that all rebels wished it , he consequently decided in the tribunal of his own mind to hang every man who hypothetically and traitorously wished his majesty 's dissolution , which wish he also conceived was very easily ascertained by the wisher 's countenance . A cabinet-maker , at Charing Cross , some years ago , put on his board “ patent coffin-maker to his majesty : ” it was considered that though this was not an ill-intentioned , yet it was a very improper mode of imagining the king 's death , and the board was taken down accordingly . Lieutenant H. would surely have hanged him in Ireland . However , to do the lieutenant justice , his mode was not near so tedious or painful as that practised by the grand signior , who sometimes causes the ceremony to be divided into three acts , giving the culprit a drink of spring water to refresh him between the two first ; nor was it so severe as the burning old women formerly for witchcraft . In fact , the “ walking gallows ” was both on a new and simple plan ; and after some kicking and plunging during the operation , never failed to be completely effectual . The lieutenant being , as before mentioned , of lofty stature , with broad and strong shoulders , saw no reason why they might not answer his majesty 's service , upon a pinch , as well as two posts and a crossbar ( the more legitimate instrument upon such occasions ): and he also considered that , when a rope was not at hand , there was no good reason why his own silk cravat ( being softer than an ordinary halter , and of course less calculated to hurt a man ) should not be a more merciful choke-band than that employed by any Jack Ketch in the three kingdoms . In pursuance of these benevolent intentions , the lieutenant , as a preliminary step , first knocked down the suspected rebel from County Kildare , which the weight of mettle in his fist rendered no difficult achievement . His garters then did duty as handcuffs : and with the aid of a brawny aide-de-camp ( one such always attended him ) , he pinioned his victim hand and foot , and then most considerately advised him to pray for King George , observing that any prayers for his own d — d popish soul would be only time lost , as his fate in every world ( should there be even a thousand ) was decided to all eternity for having imagined the death of so good a monarch . During this exhortation , the lieutenant twisted up his long cravat so as to make a firm , handsome rope , and then expertly sliding it over the rebel 's neck , secured it there by a double knot , drew the cravat over his own shoulders , and the aide-de-camp holding up the rebel 's heels , till he felt him pretty easy , the lieutenant with a powerful chuck drew up the poor devil 's head as high as his own ( cheek by jowl ) , and began to trot about with his burden like a jolting cart-horse ,— the rebel choking and gulping meanwhile , until he had no further solicitude about sublunary affairs — when the lieutenant , giving him a parting chuck , just to make sure that his neck was broken , threw down his load — the personal assets about which the aide-de-camp made a present of to himself . Now all this proceeding was very painstaking and ingenious : and yet the ungrateful government ( as Secretary Cook assured me ) would have been better pleased had the execution taken place on timber and with hemp , according to old formalities . To be serious :— this story is scarcely credible — yet it is a notorious fact ; and the lieutenant , a few nights afterwards , acquired the sobriquet which forms a head to this sketch and with which he was invested by the upper gallery of Crow Street Theatre — nor did he ever get rid of it to his dying-day . The above trotting execution ( which was humorously related to me by an eye-witness ) took place in the barrack-yard at Kerry House , Stephen 's Green . The hangee was , I believe , ( as it happened ) in reality a rebel . MANNERS AND CUSTOMS . LAWS RELATING TO BACHELORS . Many laws have been made against bachelors by various nations , who all concurred in considering the bachelor as an enemy to his country and to mankind . The chief of these laws were those made by the Romans , and consisted of fining the bachelor , and various other penalties : the most celebrated one was that of Augustus , which was entitled the “ Lex julia de maritandis ordinibus ” by which the bachelor was made incapable of receiving legacies , or of holding inheritances given by a will , unless they were bequeathed to him by a near relation . Plutarch observes that this brought many to marry , not for the mere sake of raising heirs to their estates , but to make themselves capable of receiving legacies , and for the purpose of inheriting such estates as might be left them by a friend . The Jewish nation also had their laws to the disfavour of the bachelor . The rabbis affirm , that according to the Laws of Moses , every one who has attained the age of twenty-one years is bound in conscience to marry ; and this makes one of their 613 precepts . We should suppose that if this law ever had existence , it has been handed down by tradition , as we cannot find any trace of it in the “ Books of Moses . ” Their “ wise men ” have many sayings in favour of marriage and against bachelors , one of which is “ He who does not take necessary means to leave heirs behind him , is not a man , and ought to be reputed as a homicide . ” The Law of Lycurgus was not a shade more favourable to them : by his statutes , bachelors were branded with infamy and disgrace ; they were also excluded from participating in the cares of government , from all offices either civil or martial , and were not permitted to view either public shows or sports . At certain of their feasts , they were forced to appear in the marketplace , and there were exposed to the cutting sarcasm , jest , and derision of the populace . At one feast , in particular , they were led to the altars by women , amidst a concord of harmonious sounds , and there were obliged to submit to blows and lashes with a rod , at the merciful pleasure of a merciful people . And “ Oh , most unkindly act of all , ” they had also to sing certain songs composed to their own dishonour , contempt , and derision . By many , the Christian dispensation is supposed to be , in a great degree , favourable to a state of bachelorism , because the Apostle , Paul , has recommended it as preferable ; but we think the recommendation was given for the following reason : ( i. e .) every one in the early ages of Christianity was exposed to liability of testing his religious principles , by the loss of both his property and life ; and consequently , the loss must have been felt in a greater degree , if the sufferer was married . Thus persecution must have been more dreadful to the married than to the unmarried . The ancient church , misconstruing the Apostle 's words , and also overlooking his meaning , recommended the state of bachelorism in the male , and perpetual virginity in the female sex , not only as a state more perfect than marriage , but even as highly meritorious . Thus , by degrees , came into being the absurd and fast decaying system of monastic establishments , which , for many centuries burdened Europe with drones innumerable . In England , bachelors are not left to go forgotten to their solitary graves . There was a tax laid on them by the 7th William III ., after the twenty-fifth year of their age , which was £ 12 . 10s . for a duke , and 1s . for a commoner . At present they are taxed by an extra duty upon their servants : for a male , £ 1 . 5s . ; for a female , 2s . 6d ., above the usual duties leviable upon servants . E. J. H . *** So , Touchstone 's philosophy hath legal warrant : “ Is the single man blessed ? No : as a walled town is more worthier than a village , so is the forehead of a married man more honourable than the bare brow of a bachelor . ” — As you like it . ( Ed . M .) SAXON ALMANACS . The Saxons were accustomed to engrave upon square pieces of wood , the courses of the moons for the whole year , ( or for a specified space of time ) by which they could tell when the new-moons , full-moons , and changes would occur , and these pieces of wood were by them called Al-mon-aght ( i. e .) Al-moon-heed , which signifies the regard and observation of all the moons , and from this term is derived the word Almanac . Many of our readers are probably aware of , or have seen , a Saxon Almanac , answering the above description , in St. John 's College , Cambridge . E. J. H . SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY EXEMPLARS ABRIDGED FROM MR. BABBAGE 'S “ ECONOMY OF MACHINERY AND MANUFACTURES . ” Voyage of Manufacture .— The produce of our factories has preceded even our most enterprising travellers . Captain Clapperton saw at the court of the Sultan Bello , pewter dishes with the London stamp , and had at the royal table a piece of meat served up on a white wash-hand basin of English manufacture . The cotton of India is conveyed by British ships round half our planet , to be woven by British skill in the factories of Lancashire ; it is again set in motion by British capital , and transported to the very plains whereon it grew , is repurchased by the lords of the soil which gave it birth , at a cheaper price than that at which their coarser machinery enables them to manufacture it themselves . At Calicut , in the East Indies ( whence the cotton cloth called calico derives its name ) the price of labour is one-seventh of that in England , yet the market is supplied from British looms . Additions to human power .— The force necessary to move a stone along the roughly-chiselled floor of its quarry is nearly two-thirds of its weight ; to move it along a wooden floor , three-fifths ; by wood upon wood , five-ninths ; if the wooden surfaces are soaped , one-sixth ; if rollers are used on the floor of the quarry , it requires one-thirty-second part of the weight ; if they roll on wood , one-fortieth ; and if they roll between wood , one-fiftieth of its weight . At each increase of knowledge , as well as on the contrivance of every new tool , human labour becomes abridged . Economy of time .— Several pounds of gunpowder may be purchased for a sum acquired by a few days ’ labour ; yet , when this is employed in blasting rocks , effects are produced which could not , even with the best tools , be accomplished by other means in less than many months . Economy of Materials .— The worn-out saucepans and tin-ware of our kitchens , when beyond the reach of the tinker 's art , are not utterly worthless . We sometimes meet carts loaded with old tin kettles and worn-out iron coal-scuttles traversing our streets . These have not yet completed their useful course ; the less corroded parts are cut into strips , punched with small holes , and varnished with a coarse black varnish for the use of the trunkmaker , who protects the edges and angles of his box with them ; the remainder are conveyed to the manufacturing chemists in the outskirts of the town , who employ them , in conjunction with pyroligneous acid , in making a black dye for the use of calico printers . Accumulation of Power arises from lifting a weight and then allowing it to fall . A man , even with a heavy hammer , might strike repeated blows upon the head of a pile without producing any effect . But if he raises a much heavier hammer to a much greater height , its fall , though far less frequently repeated , will produce the desired effect . Regulating Power .— A contrivance for regulating the effect of machinery consists in a vane or a fly , of little weight , but presenting a large surface . This revolves rapidly , and soon acquires an uniform rate , which it cannot greatly exceed , because any addition to its velocity produces a much greater addition to the resistance it meets with from the air . The interval between the strokes on the bell of a clock is regulated by this means ; and the fly is so contrived , that this interval may be altered by presenting the arms of it more or less obliquely to the direction in which they move . This kind of fly or vane is generally used in the smaller kinds of mechanism , and , unlike the heavy fly , it is a destroyer instead of a preserver of force . It is the regulator used in musical boxes , and in almost all mechanical toys . Increase and Diminution of Velocity .— Twisting the fibres of wool by the fingers would be a most tedious operation ; in the common spinning-wheel the velocity of the foot is moderate ; but , by a very simple contrivance , that of the thread is most rapid . A piece of cat-gut passing round a large wheel , and then round a small spindle , effects this change . The small balls of sewing cotton , so cheap and so beautifully wound , are formed by a machine on the same principle , and but a few steps more complicated . The common smoke-jack is an instrument in which the velocity communicated is too great for the purpose required , and it is transmitted through wheels which reduce it to a more moderate rate . Extending the Time of Action in Forces .— The half-minute which we daily devote to the winding up of our watches is an exertion of labour almost insensible ; yet , by the aid of a few wheels its effect is spread over the whole twenty-four hours . Another familiar illustration may be noticed in our domestic furniture : the common jack by which our meat is roasted , is a contrivance to enable the cook in a few minutes to exert a force which the machine retails out during the succeeding hour in turning the loaded spit . Saving Time in natural Operations .— The process of tanning formerly occupied from six months to two years ; this time being apparently required in order to allow the tanning matter to penetrate into the interior of a thick hide . The improved process consists in placing the hides with the solution of tan in close vessels , and then exhausting the air . The consequence of this is to withdraw any air which might be contained in the pores of the hides , and to employ the pressure of the atmosphere to aid capillary attraction in forcing the tan into the interior of the skins . The effect of the additional force thus brought into action can be equal only to one atmosphere , but a further improvement has been made : the vessel containing the hides is , after exhaustion , filled up with a solution of tan ; a small additional quantity is then injected with a forcing-pump . By these means any degree of pressure may be given which the containing vessel is capable of supporting , and it has been found that , by employing such a method , the thickest hides may be tanned in six weeks or two months . Printing from Wooden Blocks .— A block of box-wood is , in this instance , the substance out of which the pattern is formed : the design being sketched upon it , the workman cuts away with sharp tools every part except the lines to be represented in the impression . This is exactly the reverse of the process of engraving on copper , in which every line to be represented is cut away . The ink , instead of filling the cavities cut in the wood , is spread upon the surface which remains , and is thence transferred to the paper . Making and Manufacturing .— There exists a considerable difference between the terms making and manufacturing . The former refers to the production of a small , the latter to that of a very large number of individuals ; and the difference is well illustrated in the evidence given before the Committee of the House of Commons on the Export of Tools and Machinery . On that occasion Mr. Maudslay stated , that he had been applied to by the Navy Board to make iron tanks for ships , and that he was rather unwilling to do so , as he considered it to be out of his line of business ; however , he undertook to make one as a trial . The holes for the rivets were punched by hand-punching with presses , and the 1 , 680 holes which each tank required cost seven shillings . The Navy Board who required a large number , proposed that he should supply forty tanks a week for many months . The magnitude of the order made it worth while to commence manufacturer , and to make tools for the express business . Mr. Maudslay therefore offered , if the Board would give him an order for two thousand tanks , to supply them at the rate of eighty per week . The order was given : he made the tools , by which the expense of punching the rivet-holes of each tank was reduced from seven shillings to ninepence ; he supplied ninety-eight tanks a week for six months , and the price charged for each was reduced from seventeen pounds to fifteen . Brass-plate Coal Merchants .— In the recent examination by the committee of the House of Commons into the state of the Coal Trade , it appears that five-sixths of the London public is supplied by a class of middle-men who are called in the trade “ Brass-plate Coal Merchants : ” these consist principally of merchants ’ clerks , gentlemen 's servants , and others , who have no wharfs , but merely give their orders to some true coal-merchant , who sends in the coals from his wharf . The brass-plate coal merchant , of course , receives a commission for his agency , which is just so much loss to the consumer . Raw Materials .— Gold-leaf consists of a portion of the metal beaten out to so great a degree of thinness , as to allow a greenish-blue light to be transmitted through its pores . About 400 square inches of this are sold , in the form of a small book , containing twenty-five leaves of gold for 1s . 6d . In this case , the raw material , or gold , is worth rather less than two-thirds of the manufactured article . In the case of silver leaf , the labour considerably exceeds the value of the material . A book of fifty leaves , covering above 1 , 000 square inches is sold for 1s . 3d . The quantity of labour applied to Venetian gold chains is very great , but incomparably less than that which is applied to some of the manufactures of iron . In the case of the smallest Venetian chain the value of the labour is not above thirty times that of the gold . The pendulum spring of a watch , which governs the vibrations of the balance , costs at the retail price twopence , and weighs fifteen one-hundredths of a grain , whilst the retail price of a pound of the best iron , the raw material out of which fifty thousand such springs are made , is exactly the sum of twopence . In France bar-iron , made as it usually is with charcoal , costs three times the price of the cast-iron out of which it is made ; whilst in England , where it is usually made with coke , the cost is only twice the price of cast-iron . THE NATURALIST . THE NINE-BANDED ARMADILLO . THE NINE-BANDED ARMADILLO . Armadillos are almost exclusively natives of South America , principally of the province of Paraguay . Some inhabit the forests ; others are found in the open country . There are several species , all of which are invested with a coat of mail , or a kind of plate armour resembling the covering of the pangolin , or scaly ant-eater , and the shell of the tortoise . This crust or shell covers the upper parts of the animal , and consists of four or five different parts or divisions . The head may be said to have a helmet , and the shoulders a buckler , composed of several transverse series of plates . Transverse bands , varying in the different species from three to twelve , which are movable , cover the body ; the crupper has its buckler similar to that on the shoulders , and the tail is protected by numerous rings . The hairs of the body are few , springing from between the plates ; the under parts , which are without armour , have rather more hairs . In a living state , the whole armour is capable of yielding considerably to the motions of the body ; the pieces or plates being connected by a membrane , like the joints in a tail of a lobster . The under parts present a light grainy skin . The legs are thick and strong , but only long enough to raise the body from the ground ; the nails are very powerful , and calculated for digging ; and , according to Buffon , the mole is not more expert in burrowing the earth . Some of the species have nocturnal habits and are very timid , flying to their burrows the moment they hear a noise . Other species quit their retreat equally by day and night , and these are said not to be so rapid in their motions as the others . All the species walk quickly , but they can neither leap , run , nor climb ; so that , when pursued , they can only escape by hiding themselves in their holes ; if these be too far off , the poor hunted creatures dig a hole before they are overtaken , and with their strong snout and fore claws in a few moments conceal themselves . Sometimes , however , before they are quite concealed , they are caught by the tail , when they struggle so powerfully that the tail often breaks short , and is left in the hands of the pursuers . To prevent this the hunter tickles the animal with a stick , till it looses its hold , and allows itself to be taken without further resistance . At other times , when pursued , and finding flight ineffectual , the Armadillos withdraw the head under the edge of the buckler of the shoulders ; their legs , except the feet , are naturally hidden by the borders of the bucklers and the bands ; they then contract the body as far towards the shape of a ball as the stretching of the membrane which unites the different movable pieces of the armour will permit . [ 8 ] Thus defended , they frequently escape danger ; but if near a precipice , the animal will sometimes roll itself over , and in this case , says Molina , in his Natural History of Chili , it generally falls to the bottom unhurt . [ 8 ] It should here be observed that the Three-banded Armadillo is remarkable for the faculty of rolling itself up more completely than the other species . It can , in so doing , totally conceal the head , the tail , and the fore feet , which none of the other species can completely effect .— Cuvier . Armadillos were formerly thought to feed exclusively on vegetables ; but they have since been found to devour insects and flesh . The directions of their burrows evince that they search after ant heaps , and the insects quickly disappear from near the hole of an Armadillo . The largest species , the great black Armadillo , common in the forests of Paraguay , feeds on the carcasses of animals ; and the graves of the dead which are necessarily formed at a distance from the usual places of sepulture , in countries where the great Armadillo is found , are protected by strong double boards to prevent the animal from penetrating and devouring the body . It appears , also , that it eats young birds , eggs , snakes , lizards , & c. The Indians are very fond of the flesh of the Armadillo as food , especially when young ; but , when old , it acquires a strong musky flavour . Mr. Waterton , who tasted the flesh , considered it strong and rank . The shells or crusts are applied to various useful purposes , and painted of different colours are made into boxes , baskets , & c . Cuvier remarks that that old mode of distinguishing the species of Armadillos by the number of the bands is clearly objectionable , inasmuch as D'Azara has established that not only the number of these bands varies , in the different individuals of the same species , but further , that there are individuals of different species which have the same number of bands . Eight species mentioned by D'Azara are admitted as distinct , but the whole number is very doubtful . ( The species represented in the Cut , [ 9 ] or , the Nine-banded , is the most common . In the Zoological Gardens , in the Regent 's Park , and in Surrey , are several specimens . They are usually kept in cages , but on fine sunny days are let out upon the turf . Their general pace may here be seen to advantage : it is a sort of quick shuffling walk , and they get over the ground easily , notwithstanding the weight of their shelly covering .) [ 9 ] From a specimen figured in Dr. Shaw 's Zoological Lectures , with plates , by Mrs. Griffith , vol . i . In conclusion , it is interesting to remark that the whole series of these very singular animals offers a notable example of one genus being confined to a particular country . We have observed that they all belong to South America ; nor do we find that in any parts of the old world , or , indeed , in the great northern division of the new , any races of quadrupeds at all to resemble them , or in any manner to be compared with them . They may be said to stand perfectly insulated ; they exhibit all the characters of a creation entirely distinct , and except as to the general characters of mammiferous quadrupeds , perfectly of their own kind . There is no break in the whole circle of them , no deviation or leaning towards any other organized form ; so that the boldest conjecture will hardly venture to guess at any other than a separate creation for these animals , and a distinct allocation in South America . This peculiarity is rendered the more striking by the facility with which it seems to endure removal , even to our latitudes ; thereby proving that its present confined identity with South America is not altogether the result of its physical necessities . [ 10 ] [ 10 ] Popular Zoology . Comprising Memoirs and Anecdotes of the Animals of the Zoological Society 's Menagerie . With many Engravings . 1832 . CLIMATE OF CANADA . From Sketches , by a Backwoodsman . It never has been accountable to me , how the heat of the sun is regulated . There is no part of Upper Canada that is not to the south of Penzance , yet there is no part of England where the cold is so intense as in Canada ; nay , there is no cold in England equal to the cold of Virginia , which , were it on the European side of the hemisphere , would be looked upon as an almost tropical climate . To explain to an European what the climate of Upper Canada is , we would say , that in summer it is the climate of Italy , in winter that of Holland ; but in either case we should only be giving an illustration , for in both winter and summer it possesses peculiarities which neither of these two climates possess . The summer heat of Upper Canada generally ranges towards 80 ° Fahrenheit ; but should the wind blow twenty-four hours steadily from the north , it will fall to 40 ° during the night . The reason of this seems to be the enormous quantity of forest over which that wind blows , and the leaves of the trees affording such an extensive surface of evaporation . One remarkable peculiarity in the climate of Canada , when compared with those to which we have likened it , is its dryness . Far from the ocean , the salt particles that somehow or other exist in the atmosphere of sea-bounded countries are not to be found here ; roofs of tinned iron of fifty years ’ standing are as bright as the day they came out of the shop ; and you may leave a charge of powder in your gun for a month , and find , at the end of it , that it goes off without hanging fire . The diseases of the body , too , that are produced by a damp atmosphere , are uncommon here . It may be a matter of surprise to some to hear , that pectoral and catarrhal complaints , which , from an association of ideas they may connect with cold , are here hardly known . In the cathedral at Montreal , where from three to five thousand people assemble every Sunday , you will seldom find the service interrupted by a cough , even in the dead of winter and in hard frost ; whereas , in Britain , from the days of Shakspeare , even in a small country church , “ coughing drowns the parson 's saw . ” Pulmonary consumption , too , the scourge alike of England and the sea-coast of America , is so rare in the northern parts of New York and Pennsylvania , and the whole of Upper Canada , that in eight years ’ residence I have not seen as many cases of the disease as I have in a day 's visit to a provincial infirmary at home . The only disease we are annoyed with here , that we are not accustomed to at home , is the intermittent fever ,— and that , though most abominably annoying , is not by any means dangerous : indeed , one of the most annoying circumstances connected with it is , that , instead of being sympathized with , you are only laughed at . Otherwise the climate is infinitely more healthy than that of England . Indeed , it may be pronounced the most healthy country under the sun , considering that whisky can be procured for about one shilling sterling per gallon . Though the cold of a Canadian winter is great , it is neither distressing nor disagreeable . There is no day during winter , except a rainy one , in which a man need be kept from his work . It is a fact , though as startling as some of the dogmas of the Edinburgh school of political economy , that the thermometer is no judge of warm or cold weather . Thus , with us in Canada , when it is low , ( say at zero ,) there is not a breath of hair , and you can judge of the cold of the morning by the smoke rising from the chimney of a cottage , and shooting up straight like the steeple of a church , then gradually melting away in the beautiful clear blue of the morning sky : yet in such weather it is impossible to go through a day 's march in your great coat ; whereas , at home , when the wind blows from the north-east , though the thermometer stands at from 55 ° to 60 ° you find a fire far from oppressive . The fact is , that a Canadian winter is by far the pleasantest season of the year , for everybody is idle , and everybody is determined to enjoy himself . Between the summer and winter of Canada , a season exists , called the Indian summer . During this period , the atmosphere has a smoky , hazy effect , which is ascribed by the people generally to the simultaneous burning of the prairies of the western part of the continent . This explanation I take to be absurd ; since , if it were so to be accounted for , the wind must necessarily blow from that quarter , which is not in all instances the case . During this period , which generally occupies two or three weeks of the month of November , the days are pleasant , and with abundance of sunshine , and the nights present a cold , clear , black frost . When this disappears , the rains commence , which always precede winter ; for it is a proverb in the Lower Province , among the French Canadians , that the ditches never freeze till they are full . Then comes the regular winter , which , if rains and thaws do not interfere , is very pleasant ; and that is broken up by rains again , which last until the strong sun of the middle of May renders everything dry and in good order . A satirical friend of mine gave a caricature account of the climate of the province , when he said that , for two months of the spring and two months of the autumn , you are up to your middle in mud ; for four months of summer you are broiled by the heat , choked by the dust , and devoured by the mosquitoes ; and for the remaining four months , if you get your nose above the snow , it is to have it bit off by the frost . THE PUBLIC JOURNALS AN INCIDENT IN THE LIFE OF A RASCAL . “ His name is never heard . ” Late one evening , a packet of letters , just arrived by the English mail , was handed to Mynheer Von Kapell , a merchant of Hamburgh . His head clerk awaited , as usual , for any orders which might arise from their contents ; and was not a little surprised to observe the brow of his wealthy employer suddenly clouded ; again and again he perused the letter he held , at last audibly giving vent to his feelings — “ Donder and blitzen ! ” he burst forth , “ but this is a shock , who would have thought it ? The house of Bennett and Ford to be shaken thus ! What is to be done ? ” “ Bennett and Ford failed !" ’ cried the astonished clerk . “ Failed ! ten thousand devils ! not so bad as that ; but they are in deep distress , and have suffered a heavy loss ; but read , good Yansen ! and let me have your advice . ” The clerk read as follows :— “ London , August 21st . “ Most respected friend , “ Yours of the 5th inst . came safe to hand , and will meet prompt attention . We have to inform you , with deep regret , that the son of the trustworthy cashier of this long-established house has absconded , taking with him bills accepted by our firm , to a large amount , as per margin ; and a considerable sum in cash . We have been able to trace the misguided young man to a ship bound for Holland , and we think it probable he may visit Hamburgh , ( where our name is so well known and , we trust , so highly respected ) for the purpose of converting these bills into cash . He is a tall , handsome youth , about five feet eleven inches , with dark hair and eyes ; speaks French and German well , and was dressed in deep mourning , in consequence of the recent death of his mother . If you should be able to find him , we have to request you will use your utmost endeavours to regain possession of the bills named in the margin ; but , as we have a high respect for the father of the unfortunate young man , we will further thank you to procure for him a passage on board the first vessel sailing for Batavia , paying the expense of his voyage , and giving him the sum of two hundred louis d'or , which you will place to our account current , on condition that he does not attempt to revisit England till he receives permission so to do . “ We are , most respected friend , “ Your obedient servants , “ BENNETT , FORD , AND CO . “ Mynheer Von Kapell . ” “ My life o n't , ” said Yansen , “ ‘ tis the very lad I saw this day , walking up and down in front of the Exchange , who appeared half out of his wits ; looking anxiously for some particular object , yet shunning general observation : his person answers the description . ” “ That 's fortunate , ” said the merchant , “ you must devote the morrow to searching for him ; bring him to me if possible , and I 'll do my utmost to serve my excellent friends , Bennett and Ford of London . ” Early next morning , Yansen went to the Exchange , and kept an anxious watch for many hours in vain ; he was returning hopeless , when he saw the identical youth coming out of the door of a Jew money-changer ; he brushed hastily past him , exclaiming , “ The unconscionable scoundrel ! seventy per cent , for bills on the best house in England ! ” Yansen approached him . “ Young gentleman , ” said he , in a very mild tone , “ you appear to have met with some disappointment from that griping wretch , Levi . If you have any business to transact , my house is close by ; I shall be happy to treat with you . ” “ Willingly , ” replied the youth , “ the sooner the better . I must leave Hamburgh at day-break . ” The clerk led him to the house of the merchant , and entered it by a small side door , desiring the young man to be seated , whilst he gave some directions . In a few minutes he reappeared , bringing Von Kapell with him . The worthy Hamburgher having no talent for a roundabout way of doing business , said bluntly , “ So Mynheer ! we are well met ; it will be useless to attempt disguise with me ; look at this ! ” and he put into his hand the letter he had the night before received . Overwhelmed with consternation , the young man fell at his feet . “ Oh heaven ! ” he cried , “ I am lost for ever — my father , my indulgent , my honourable father , is heart-broken and disgraced by my villany . My mother ! ” Here he became nearly inaudible , and hid his face in his hands . “ You , ” he continued , “ are spared all participation in the agony your wretched son is suffering . ” “ Boy , boy ! ” said the merchant , raising him , and quite melted at this show of penitence , “ listen to me ! are the bills safe ? if so , you may still hope . ” “ They are , ” eagerly exclaimed the youth ; “ how fortunate that I did not listen to the offers of that rapacious Jew . Here , sir , take them , I implore you , ” pulling from his breast a large pocket-book ; “ they are untouched . Spare but my life , and I will yet atone — Oh , spare me from a shameful death . ” There was a pause , broken at last by Yansen 's saying significantly to his employer , “ as per margin . ” The merchant turned to the unhappy young man . “ Take heart , ” said he , “ ‘ Wenn die noth ist amgr ö szten die h ü lfe ist am n ä chsten . '[ 11 ] There 's an old German proverb for you . Sit down and hear what I have to say . I think myself not a little fortunate in so soon being able to fulfil the wishes of my English correspondents ; your natural alarm did not suffer you to finish their letter ; you will perceive how generously they mean to act ; their house 's credit saved , they intend not to punish you . Read , read ; and Yansen , order some eatables , and a bottle or two of my old Heidelberg hock , trouble always makes me thirsty — three glasses , my good Yansen . ” [ 11 ] When things are at the worst they must mend . Again the young Englishman hid his face , and sighed convulsively , “ I do not deserve this lenity . My excellent father ! this is a tribute to your virtue . ” Von Kapell left his guest 's reflections undisturbed , till a servant entered , who placed refreshments on a well polished oak table ; when she retired , he resumed . “ And now , what devil tempted you to play the — runaway ? ” swallowing the term he had intended to use . “ Was it for the wenches , or the dicing table ? ” “ Spare me , most kind and worthy sir , I intreat you ! To my father I will make full confession of all my faults ; but he must be the first to know the origin of my crimes . ” “ Well , well , take another glass of wine ; you shall stay in my house till we can find a passage for you . It was but last night my good ship the Christine sailed for Batavia , and — ” “ Under favour , ” interrupted Yansen , “ she has not yet left the harbour ; the wind blew too fresh for her to venture on crossing the sand-banks at night , and it is now only shifting round a point or two . ” “ You are lucky , youngster ; ” quickly added the merchant , “ the Christine has noble accommodations ; you shall aboard this evening . Put these in the chest , good Yansen , ” handing him the bills , “ and count me out the two hundred louis d'or the boy is to have . Come , man ! finish your meal , for I see , ” said he , regarding a vane on the gable of an opposite house , “ you have no time to lose . ” The meal was finished — the money given — the worthy merchant adding as much good advice as the brief space would permit . The Briton was profuse in his expressions of gratitude , promised amendment , and returned the warm grasp of Von Kapell , unable to speak for his tears . Yansen accompanied him on board , gave the owner 's most particular charge to the skipper , to pay his passenger every attention on the voyage . The vessel cleared the harbour — was in a few hours out of sight — and the next morning , Mynheer Von Kapell wrote to London a full account of the transaction , returning the bills he had so fortunately recovered . In less than a fortnight , the following letter reached the good old German :— “ Sir ,— We have to inform you , that we never lost the bills sent in your last favour , every one of which is fabricated , and our acceptance forged . Our cashier has no son , nor has he lost a wife . We are sincerely grieved that your friendly feeling towards our house should have led you to listen to so palpable a cheat . “ We remain , with great respect , yours , “ BENNETT , FORD , AND CO . “ P. S . If you should ever hear again of the person you have , at your own expense , sent to Batavia , we shall be glad to know . ” What can be said of the good old German 's feelings , but that they may “ be more easily conceived than described ? ” — Monthly Magazine . NEW BOOKS . OTWAY 'S “ VENICE PRESERVED . ” ( Hundreds of our readers who have again and again heard Belvidera pour her soul in love — may not be aware of the precise historical connexion of the incidents of Otway 's play with the events of history . They are taken , in the main , from an atrocious conspiracy formed at Venice in 1618 . Sir Henry Wotton , then English ambassador at Venice , writes as follows on the 25th of May , in the above year :— “ The whole town is here at present in horror and confusion upon the discovering of a foul and fearful conspiracy of the French against this state ; whereof no less than thirty have already suffered very condign punishment , between men strangled in prison , drowned in the silence of the night , and hanged in public view ; and yet the bottom is invisible . ” Beyond this quaint , meagre , chronological notice , little is actually established of the details , although the event is perhaps as familiarly known by name to English readers as any other in the History of Venice . We are , therefore , happy to see the affair treated with minute consideration in the second volume of “ Sketches from Venetian History , ” in the Family Library ; and so interesting is the narrative , or rather the facts and conjectures , to the lover of history , as well as to the unstudious playgoer , that we are induced to quote nearly every line of the passage . The editor observes :—) Muratori indeed has scarcely exaggerated the obscurity in which this incident is enveloped when he affirms that only one fact illuminates its darkness ; namely that several hundred French and Spaniards engaged in the service of the Republic were arrested and put to death . The researches of Comte Daru have brought to light some hitherto unknown contemporary documents ; but even the inexhaustible diligence of that most laborious , accurate , and valuable writer has been baffled in the hope of obtaining certainty as its reward ; and he has been compelled to content himself with the addition of one hypothesis more to those already proposed in explanation of this mystery . All that can be positively affirmed is that during the summer of 1617 , Jacques Pierre , a Norman by birth , whose youth had been spent in piratical enterprises in the Levantine seas , from which he had acquired no inconsiderable celebrity , fled from the service of the Spanish Duke d'Ossuna , Viceroy of Naples ; and , having offered himself at the Arsenal of Venice , was engaged there in a subordinate office . Not many days after his arrival in the Lagune , Pierre denounced to the Inquisitors of State a conspiracy projected , as he said , by the Duke d'Ossuna , and favoured by Don Alfonso della Cueva , Marquis de Bedemar , at that time resident ambassador from Spain . The original minutes of Pierre 's disclosures , written in French , still exist among the correspondence of M. Leon Bruslart , the contemporary ambassador from the court of France to the Republic ; and they were translated into Italian , with which language Pierre was but imperfectly acquainted , by his friend Renault , in order that they might be presented to the Inquisitors . In this plot , Pierre avowed himself to be chief agent ; his pretended abandonment of the Duke d'Ossuna forming one part of the stratagem : and he added that his commission enjoined him to seduce the Dutch troops employed in the late war , who still remained in Venice and its neighbourhood ; to fire the city ; to seize and massacre the nobles ; to overthrow the existing government ; and ultimately to transfer the state to the Spanish crown . The sole immediate step taken by the Inquisitors in consequence of these revelations was the secret execution of Spinosa , a Neapolitan , whom Pierre described as an emissary of the Duke d'Ossuna ; and whom he appears to have regarded with jealousy as a spy upon his own conduct . For the rest , the magistrates contented themselves , as it , seems , by awaiting the maturity of the plot with silent vigilance . Ten months elapsed during which Pierre communicated on the one hand with the Duke d'Ossuna , unsuspicious of his treachery , and on the other with the Inquisitors ; till at the expiration of that term he was seized by an order of the X , while employed on his duties with the Fleet , and drowned without the grant of sufficient delay even for previous religious confession . More , perhaps many more , than three hundred French and Spaniards engaged in various naval and military capacities were at the same time delivered to the executioner ; and Renault , after undergoing numerous interrogatories , and being placed seven times on the cord , was hanged by one foot on a gibbet on the Piazzetta , which day after day presented similar exhibitions of horror . This evidence of Pierre remained at the time concealed in the bosoms of the Inquisitors to whom it had been delivered ; and no official declarations satisfied public curiosity as to the cause of the sanguinary executions which deformed the Capital . A rumour indeed spread itself abroad , and , although not traced to any certain authority , was universally credited , that a great peril had been escaped ; that Venice had trembled on the very brink of destruction ; and that the Spaniards had meditated her ruin . Popular fury was accordingly directed against the Marquis de Bedemar ; and so fierce were the menaces of summary vengeance that the ambassador was forced to protest his innocence before the Collegio , more in the spirit of one deprecating punishment than defying accusation . He then earnestly solicited protection against the rabble surrounding his palace ; for “ God knows , ” affirmed his pale and affrighted secretary more than once , “ the danger of our residence is great ! ” The Vice-doge , who during the interregnum between the death of one chief magistrate and the election of another presided over the Collegio , replied vaguely , coldly , and formally ; and , the application having been renewed without any more favourable result , Bedemar , justly apprehensive for his safety , seized a pretext for withdrawing , till a successor to his embassy was appointed . Meantime , considerable doubts were entertained , not only by the resident foreign ministers ,— especially by that of France , better informed than his brethren through the possession of Pierre 's minutes ,— but by the Venetian senators themselves , also , whether any conspiracy whatever had really existed . Nevertheless , in spite of these misgivings not obscurely expressed , it was not till the expiration of five months that the X presented a report to the Senate , detailing the information which they had received and the views upon which they had acted . That report however is so manifestly contradicted in many very important instances by Pierre 's depositions , that it must be considered as drawn up and garbled solely with the intention of making a case ; and therefore as revealing only so much truth dashed and brewed with a huge proportion of falsehood , as it suited the interests of the magistrates to exhibit to public view . All mention of the denouncements of Pierre during the long period of ten months is carefully suppressed , and yet no fact in history is more distinctly proved than that he did so communicate . The first intimation of the plot is there said to have been given but a few days before it was to have been executed , by two Frenchmen , Montcassin and Balthazar Juven , whom Pierre had endeavoured to seduce . “ Look at these Venetians , ” said the daring conspirator one day to his apparent proselytes , “ they affect to chain the lion ; but the lion sometimes devours his master , especially when that master uses him ill . ” According to their further evidence , some troops despatched by the Duke d'Ossuna were to land by night on the Piazzetta and to occupy all the strong holds of the city ; numerous treasonable agents already within the walls were to master the depots of arms ; and fire , rapine , and massacre were to bring the enterprise to consummation . The papers abovementioned , together with a few letters from the Doge to the Venetian ambassador at Milan , and one or two other not very important documents contained in the archives of Venice , all printed by Comte Dam , are the sole authentic vouchers for this conspiracy now known to exist ; and it must be confessed that they are insufficient for its elucidation . The Abbe St. Real , who for a long time was esteemed the chief historian of this dark transaction , is an agreeable and attractive writer ; but — since he was unacquainted with the report of the X ; since he does not cite the correspondence of the French ambassador containing Pierre 's depositions ; and since he frequently varies from a MS which he does cite , The Interrogatories of the Accused , [ 12 ] a MS indeed , which , even when quoted faithfully , is often contradicted by the few established facts , and by numerous well-known usages of the Venetian government ,— little faith can be attached to his narrative . It was his opinion , and it has been that which has most generally prevailed , that the Duke d'Ossuna , the Marquis de Bedemar , and Don Pedro di Toledo , governor of Milan , mutually concerted a plan for the destruction of Venice ; the chief execution of which was entrusted to Pierre and Renault : and that , on the very eve of its explosion , Jaffier , one of their band , touched by the magnificence of the Espousals of the Adriatic which he had just witnessed , was shaken from his stern purpose , and revealed the conspiracy . In order to overthrow the latter part of this hypothesis , it may be sufficient to state that the first executions took place on the 14th of May , 1618 , and that it was not till the 24th of that month that the Feast of Ascension , and its gorgeous ceremonies , occurred in the same year . [ 12 ] A translation of this document is given by Daru : the original Italian may be found in the Memorie recondite of Vittorio Siri , i . 407 . Comte Daru , on the other hand , first explains a design which it is notorious was entertained by the Duke d'Ossuna to convert his viceroyalty of Naples into a kingdom , the crown of which , wrested from Spain , should be placed on his own head . And hence he establishes the impossibility that d'Ossuna should at the same moment be plotting the overthrow of Venice ; that power whose assistance , or at least whose connivance was one of the weapons most necessary for his success . On these grounds , Comte Daru contends that the Duke maintained a secret understanding both with the Signory and the court of France ; that , refining on political duplicity , he deceived Pierre by really instructing him to gain over the Dutch troops quartered in the Lagune ; not , however , as his emissary supposed , to be employed ultimately for the seizure of Venice , but in truth for that of Naples ; that Pierre 's courage was not proof against the dangers with which his apparently most hazardous commission beset him ; and that accordingly he betrayed his employer , and revealed to the Inquisitors a plot which they well knew to be feigned : and , lastly , that when the ambitious plans of d'Ossuna , partially discovered before their time by the Spanish government , might have compromised Venice also if they had been fully elucidated ; in order to blot out each syllable of evidence which could bear , even indirectly , upon the transaction , so far as she was concerned , it was thought expedient to remove every individual who had been even unwittingly connected with it . So fully was this abominable wickedness perpetrated , that both the accused and the accusers , the deceivers and the deceived , those either faithless or faithful to their treason , the tools who either adhered to or who betrayed d'Ossuna , who sought to destroy or to preserve Venice , were alike enveloped in one common fate , and silenced in the same sure keeping of the grave . Some few , respecting whose degree of participation a slight doubt arose , were strangled on the avowed principle that all must be put to death who were in any way implicated ; others were drowned by night , in order that their execution might make no noise . [ 13 ] Moncassin , one of the avowed informers , was pensioned , spirited away to Cyprus , and there despatched in a drunken quarrel ; and if it be asserted that his companion Balthazar Juven was permitted to survive , it is because he is the only individual concerning whose final destiny we cannot pronounce with certainty . [ 14 ] [ 13 ] Laurent Brulard , concerning whose fate much discussion arose , was strangled par beaucoup de considerations et par une suite du parti qu'on avrait pris de mettre a mort tons ceux qui etaient impliques dans cette affaire . The brothers Desbouleaux were drowned by night in the Canale Orfano , pour ne point ebruiter l'affaire ; and the instructions sent to the Admiral who was to drown Pierre were to fulfil his commission avec le moins de bruit possible . Accordingly that ruffian , and forty-five of his accomplices , were drowned at once sans bruit . Interrogatoire des Accuses , translated by Daru , vol . viii . § x . [ 14 ] It is believed that Balthazar Juven , and a relation of the Marechale de Lesdiguieres , who is stated to have escaped punishment , are one and the same person . Of one personage who holds an important station in St. Real 's romance , and yet more so in Otway 's coarse and boisterous tragedy , which , by dint of some powerful coups de theatre , still maintains possession of the English stage , we have hitherto mentioned but the name ; and , in fact , even for that name we are indebted only to the more than suspected summary of the Interrogatories of the Accused . Antoine Jaffier , a French captain , is there made chief evidence against Pierre and Renault , who are employed by d'Ossuna , as he vaguely states , to surprise some maritime place belonging to the republic . This informer was rewarded with four thousand sequins , and instructed forthwith to quit the Venetian territories ; but having , while at Brescia , renewed communications with suspected persons , he was brought back to the Lagune and drowned . The minute particularities of Jaffier 's depositions , and the motive which prompted him to offer them , ( the latter , as we have already shown , resting on a gross anachronism ,) are , we believe pure inventions by St. Real ; and Otway has used a poet 's license to palliate still farther deviations from authentic history . Under his hands , Pierre ,— whom all accounts conspire in representing to us as a foreign , vulgar and mercenary bravo , equally false to every party , and frightened into confession ,— is transformed into a Venetian patriot , the proud champion of his country 's liberty ; who declaims in good , set , round , customary terms against slavery and oppression ; and who , in the end , escapes a mode of execution unknown to Venice , by persuading the friend who has betrayed him , and whom he has consequently renounced , to stab him to the heart , in order “ to preserve his memory . ” The weak , whining , vacillating , uxorious Jaffier , by turns a cut-throat and a King 's evidence ; now pawning , now fondling , and now menacing with his dagger an imaginary wife ; first placing his comrade 's life in jeopardy , then begging it against his will , and finally taking it with his own hand , is a yet more unhappy creation of wayward fancy ; and it is only in the names of the conspirators , in the introduction of an Englishman , Eliot , ( whom he has brought nearer vernacular spelling than he found him ,— Haillot , [ 15 ]) and in the character of Rainault , that Otway is borne out by authority . The last-mentioned person is described by the French ambassador as a sot , a gambler , and a sharper , whose rogueries are well known to all the world ; in a word , therefore , as a fit leader of a revolutionary crew wrought up , “ without the least remorse , with fire and sword t ’ exterminate ” all who bore the stamp of nobility ; and not as the most fitting depository in which Belvidera 's honour might be lodged as a security for that of her irresolute husband . [ 15 ] Nani , iii . p. 169 . He was to have commanded the naval part of the enterprise . Whatever hypothesis may be adopted , be this conspiracy true or false , there is no bloodier , probably no blacker page in history than that which records its development . Were it not for the immeasurable weight of guilt which must press upon the memory of the rulers of Venice if we suppose the plot to have been altogether fictitious , we should assuredly admit that the evidence greatly preponderates in favour of that assertion . But respect for human nature compels us to hesitate in admitting a charge so monstrous . Five months after the commencement of the executions , either a tardy gratitude or a profane mockery was offered to Heaven ; and the Doge and nobles returned thanks for their great deliverance , by a solemn service at St. Mark 's . ( Among the master-spirits who have commemorated the olden glories of Venice , but more especially her association with our dramatic literature , must not be forgotten Lord Byron : But unto us she hath a spell beyond Her name in story , and her long array Of mighty shadows , whose dim forms despond Above the dogeless city 's vanish 'd sway ; Our 's is a trophy which will not decay With the Rialto : Shylock and the Moor , And Pierre cannot be swept away — -  The keystones of the arch ! though all were o'er , For us repeopled were the solitary shore . I lov 'd her from my boyhood — she to me Was as a fairy city of the heart , Rising like water-columns from the sea , Of joy the sojourn , and of wealth the mart ; And Otway , Radcliffe , Schiller , Shakspeare 's art Had stamp 'd her image in me , and ever so , Although I found her thus , we did not part , Perchance even dearer in her day of woe Than when she was a boast , a marvel , and a show . Returning to the “ Sketches , ” we must observe that we beg to differ with the Editor in merely applying the epithets “ coarse and boisterous , ” to Otway 's play , and pointing to “ coups de Theatre ” as its only merits . He surely ought not to have omitted its originality of whatever order it may be . The volume before us brings the history of Venice to her subjection to Austria in 1798 . It is throughout spiritedly executed . The illustrations , antique and modern , are precisely of this character , being from Titian , and our contemporary artist , Prout .) THE GATHERER . Sir Hercules Langreish and his Friend .— We found him in his study alone , poring over the national accounts , with two claret bottles empty before him , and a third bottle on the wane ; it was about eight o'clock in the evening , and the butler , according to general orders when gentlemen came in , brought a bottle of claret to each of us . “ Why , ” said Parnell , “ Sir Heck , you have emptied two bottles already . ” “ True , ” said Sir Hercules . “ And had you nobody to help you ? ” “ O yes , I had that bottle of port there , and I assure you he afforded me very great assistance ! ” — Sir Jonah Barrington . The Irish Bar .— They used to tell a story of Fitzgibbon respecting a client who brought his own brief , and fee , that he might personally apologize for the smallness of the latter . Fitzgibbon , on receiving the fee , looked rather discontented . “ I assure you , counsellor , ” said the client ( mournfully ) “ I am ashamed of its smallness ; but in fact it is all I have in the world . ” “ Oh ! then , ” said Fitzgibbon , “ you can do no more :— as it 's all you have in the world — why — hem — I must take it . ” Speaking of the Catholics in the hall of the Four Courts , Keller seemed to insinuate that Norcott was favourable to their emancipation . “ What ! ” said Norcott , with a great show of pomposity — “ what ! Pray , Keller , do you see anything that smacks of the Pope about me ? ” “ I do n't know , ” replied Keller ; “ but at all events there is a great deal of the Pretender , and I always understood them to travel in company . ” National Gallery and Record Office , on the site of the King 's Mews , Charing Cross .— The estimated expense of erecting the above building is 50 , 000l . ; the amount proposed to be taken for the present year is 15 , 000l . ; leaving to be granted in future years 35 , 000l . The proposed building will be 461 feet in length and 56 feet in width in its extreme dimensions , and will consist of a centre and two wings . The western wing will contain , on the ground floor , rooms for the reception of records , and an entrance into the barrack-yard such as now exists . Above them will be the picture-gallery , divided into four rooms ; one 50 feet by 50 feet ; two 50 feet by 38 feet ; and one room 50 feet by 32 feet ; together with four cabinets for the reception of small pictures , or for the use of the keeper . The floors will be made fire-proof . The eastern wing , of similar extent , will contain , on the ground floor , a hall for casts , the library and council-room of the Royal Academy , and a dwelling for the keeper . There will be likewise a gateway or entrance corresponding to that leading into the barrack-yard in the other wing . In the basement below this wing there will be offices for the use of the Royal Academy , and a separate set attached to the dwelling-house of the keeper . The centre building will consist of halls , vestibules , staircases , & c. for both establishments ; they will be distinct and separated ; but so brought together as to form one grand feature of interior decoration . The building is proposed to be executed in stone . The central portico is to be constructed with the columns and other members of that which formerly decorated the palace at Carlton House . The materials of the present building are to be used in the construction of the new building , so far as they can be employed with propriety . The whole cost of the building will be 50 , 000l ., exclusive of the old materials above mentioned , which have been valued at 4 , 000 / l . It is impossible to state with any degree of accuracy the cost of the grates , air-stoves , and fittings of the buildings , which will mainly depend upon the mode to be adopted in warming them ; but it may be confidently stated that it will not exceed 600l .— Parliamentary Paper , No . 611 . Home Truth .— “ Give me my liar , ” was the phrase in which Charles the Fifth was used to call for a volume of history ; and certainly no man can attentively examine any important period of our annals without remarking , that almost every incident admits of two handles , almost every character of two interpretations ; and that , by a judicious packing of facts , the historian may make his picture assume nearly what form he pleases , without any direct violation of truth .— Quarterly Rev . Envy .— “ Of all the spies that are , ” says Mr. Owen Feltham , “ envy is the most observant and prying . When the physicians to Frederick were relating what most would sharpen the sight , some were for fennel , and some for glasses , and others for other matters ; the noble Actius did assure them , there was nothing that would do it like envy . Whatsoever man does ill , by it is magnified , and multiplied ; his failings are all watched , drawn out , and blazed to the world ; and under the pretence of good , he is oft led to the extremest issue of evil . Like oil that is poured upon the roots of trees , which softens , it destroys and withers all the branches . And being once catched , with scorn he is insulted on . For envy is so unnoble a devil , that it ever tyrannizeth most upon a slip or low prostration , at which time gallant minds do most disdain to triumph . The envious is more unhappy than the serpent : for though he hath poison within him , and can cast it upon others , yet to his proper bosom it is not burdensome , as is the rancour that the envious keeps ; but this most plainly is the plague , as it infects others , so it fevers him that hath it , till he dies . Nor is it more noxious to the owner than fatal and detrimental to all the world beside . It was envy first unmade the angels and created devils . It was envy first that turned man out of Paradise , and with the blood of the innocent first dyed the untainted earth . It was envy sold chaste Joseph as a bondman , and unto crucifixion gave the only Son of God . He walks among burning coals that converses with those that are envious . He that would avoid it in himself , must have worth enough to be humble and beneficent . But he that would avoid the danger of it from others , must abandon their company . ” Extraordinary Whipping .— During the minority of King James I. he was at Stirling Castle , under the tuition of the celebrated Buchanan . It is reported that Buchanan 's reverence for his royal pupil , did not prevent his giving him a severe whipping when he persisted against remonstrance , in disturbing him whilst he was reading . Historians do not tell us how the royal pupil supported this chastisement . Swift says , “ Heirs to titles and large estates , have a weakness in their eyes , and are not able to bear the pain and indignity of whipping . ” P. T. W . Erratum in page 2 — the line quoted from Montgomery should be “ The parrots swung like blossoms on the trees . ” Printed and published by J. LIMBIRI , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .