THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XII , NO . 341 .] SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 15 , 1828 . [ PRICE 2d . GRAND DRUIDICAL TEMPLE AT ABURY . TEMPLE AT ABURY . Sermons in stones And good in every thing .— SHAKSPEARE . What means the mysterious circle of stocks and stones on the other side ? Such will be the question of many a lover of fun , novel , fiction , and romance ; and though we cannot settle their origin with the quickness or the humour of Munden 's Cockletop , we will try to let our inquirer into the secret with the smallest show of mysticism possible . Our engraving represents the Temple of Abury , the most extensive of all the ruins in Wiltshire , attributed to the Druids . Such was its original state , before the Vandalism of modern times destroyed and levelled much of its monumental grandeur . It consisted of a grand circle , containing two minor circles . The outer circle contained upwards of 28 acres , and was surrounded by a ditch . There was a circle within each of the two circles , contained within the circumvallation ; and according to Dr. Stukely , the antiquarian , the original was thus composed :— Outward circle , within the vallum 100 stones Northern Temple , outward circle 30 — Ditto , inward circle 12 — Cove , or cell 3 — Southern Temple , outward circle 30 — Ditto , inward circle 12 — Central Obelisk 1 — Ring Stone 1 — The Temple occupied a spot to which there is a gradual and imperceptible ascent on all sides , and was approached by two avenues of two hundred stones each . Its general form was that of a snake , in by gone ages , the symbol of eternity and omniscience . “ To make the form still more elegant and picture-like , the head of the snake is carried up the southern promontory of Hackpen Hill — and the very name of the hill is derived from this circumstance . "[ 1 ] [ 1 ] Dr. Stukely , who says , that acan in the Chaldee signifies a serpent , and hac is no other than a snake . In Yorkshire they still call snakes hags ; and in the British language pen denotes a head . The whole figure thus represented the circle , snake , and wings . By this the founders meant to picture out the nature of the Divinity ; the circle meant the supreme fountain of all being , the Father ; the serpent , that divine emanation from him , which was called the Son ; the wings imported that other divine emanation from them , which was called the Spirit , the Anima Mundi . That the Temple was of a religious , and not of a warlike nature , is proved by its ditch being withinside the agger of earth , contrary to the mode adopted in works of defence . Of the devastation and decay of Abury , the following data will afford some idea : The grand total of stones , included in the temples and avenues , was 650 ; in the original temples , 188 . In Aubrey 's time , A. D. 1663 73 stones In Dr. Stukeley 's time , A. D. 1722 29 — In 1815 17 — Of very late years , says Sir Richard Colt Hoare , I do not imagine the dilapidations of the temple have been very great . It should , however , be mentioned , that the tracing of the snake form is due to Dr. Stukeley ; for his predecessor Aubrey mentions the avenue as “ a solemn walk leading to a monument upon the top of the hill , without any allusion to the supposed design or its connexion with the Grand Temple at Abury . ” It is a matter of greater speculation than we can here enter into , as to the date and founders of Abury ; and their history is as dislocated as are the masses of its ruins . Antiquarians agree on the purpose for which it was founded , viz . for the performance of the religious ceremonies of the Druids . Sir R. Colt Hoare illustrates this point by supposing the flat ledge projecting from the vallum , to have been intended for the accommodation of sitting , to the spectators who resorted hither to the public festivals ; and adds he , what a grand and imposing spectacle must so extensive and elevated an amphitheatre have presented , the vallum and its declivities lined with spectators , whilst the hallowed area was preserved for the officiating Druids , and perhaps the higher order of the people ! Gentle Reader ! be ye lordling or lowlier born , once more turn back to the engraving . We have a subject of yesterday rife and ready for you , on the next page ; but turn to the engraving . Look again at those circles , and the fantastic forms that compose them , and think of the infatuated thousands that were wont to assemble round them , and of the idolized sons of power that once stood within their hallowed area . Think of those days of sacrifice and superstition — those orgies of ignorance and barbarism — and contrast them with the happy , happy age of religious liberty in which it is your boast and blessing to live — and then you may read “ sermons in stones , ” to the masterminds of your own time . To us , the stones of Abury are part of the poetry of savage life , and of more interest than all the plaster toys of these days . But they may not be so with you and “ FINIS . ” We were once compensated for missing Fonthill and its finery , by witnessing day-break from Salisbury Plain , and associating its glories with the time-worn relics of STONEHENGE ! The engraving and data are from Mr. Higgins 's Celtic Druids , for the loan of which and a portion of this article , we thank our friend “ JAMES SILVESTER , ” whose valuable note on “ Circular Temples ” must stand over for our next . We had penciled for our Supplement the following beautiful lines from Mr. Watts 's “ Literary Souvenir , ” but they will be more in place here . Silbury is an immense mound adjoining the road to Devizes , and opposite Abury ; Sir R. C . Hoare thinks it part of Abury ; but H. and many others think it the sepulchre of a King or Arch-Druid . SILBURY HILL . Grave of Cunedha , were it vain to call For one wild lay of all that buried lie Beneath thy giant mound ? From Tara 's hall Faint warblings yet are heard , faint echoes die Among the Hebrides : the ghost that sung In Ossian 's ear , yet wails in feeble cry On Morvern : but the harmonies that rung Around the grove and cromlech , never more Shall visit earth : for ages have unstrung The Druid 's harp , and shrouded all his lore , Where under the world 's ruin sleep in gloom The secrets of the flood ,— the letter 'd store , Which Seth 's memorial pillars from the doom Preserved not , when the sleep was Nature 's tomb . H . FINE ARTS ( For the Mirror .) “ The way to be an excellent painter is to be an excellent man — and these united , make a character that would shine even in a better world than this . ” — JONATHAN RICHARDSON . The sister arts of Painting and Engraving have been making great progress in England for some time past , and we are disposed to think this a subject of congratulation and importance to all classes of the community . The literature of the Fine Arts is likewise becoming more and more popular every day . They form a prominent feature in every new literary project , and not unfrequently literature , to use a hackneyed phrase , is made their vehicle — like the namby-pamby of an English opera for the strains of Rossini or Weber . The public are contented with excellence in one department and mediocrity in the other ; they cannot be constantly admiring — that is out of the question — and it is probably on this account that much of what appears below par is tolerated and even encouraged . We will not go the length of assenting to the proposal of converting Sir Joshua Reynolds 's Lectures into Sermons , by the mere alteration of the terms of art into scriptural phraseology ; but we venture to assert that much national good is likely to result from these advances of art , and its constant introduction into all our amusements . That it promotes the growth of virtue is too old an axiom to be refuted : —— Ingenuas didicisse fideliter artes Emollit mores , nec sinit esse feros . “ The Italians commonly call a taste for the fine arts , or skill in them , by the name of Virtue . They term the productions of artists objects of virtue ; and a person who has a taste for such things is denominated a virtuoso , that is , a virtuous man . ” Such is the language of the Edinburgh Review , in commencing an article on a recently-published translation of Lanzi 's History of Painting in Italy , in six octavo volumes — and what a delightful relief is this from the party declamations which usually occupy so large a portion of that “ critical journal . ” But this is not singular , for it is now no uncommon thing to see a large letter column of a newspaper , and a similar proportion of a printed sheet published at twopence , alike occupied by “ the Fine Arts . ” Patronage , royal and noble , has already achieved much for painting , and even the reported project for a National Gallery does much to foster the art . It keeps the study afloat and uppermost in the public mind ; and the immense increase of exhibitions , not only in London , but in provincial towns , serves to prove that patronage now consists in something more substantial than tutelar notice , and unpaid promises . Artists need no longer journey to the metropolis to find sale for their works , for their genius is nourished on its native soil by the liberality and good taste which abound in the neighbourhood of every important town in the empire . It may be as well to keep up the hue and cry about the folly of portrait-painting , if it be only to keep down the vanity of wealth ; but the munificent rewards which painters receive for this branch of their art will enable them to devote a greater portion of their leisure to higher studies . Their taste will not thus be impugned ; for Cooke , the actor , is known to have entertained the meanest opinion of his own performance of Richard the Third , as an historical portrait , notwithstanding it was the corner-stone of his fame . We do not invite the comparison ; but Mr. Hayden began with history — his want of patronage is well known ; he then tried portraits — but his want of success was reserved for the style of his Mock Election pictures , and , in all probability , they will turn out the philosopher 's stone for his future life . But it is to the splendid union of Painting , Engraving , and Literature that much of these beneficial effects may be traced . In every branch of the fine arts and literature , what a powerful influence will this triple advancement produce . Only compare the topographical works of Mr. Britton with those of his predecessors — his highly-finished line engravings , excellent antiquarian pieces on wood , and erudite descriptions , with the wretched prints and the quaintnesses of old topographers — or even with the lumber of some of our county histories . With this improvement , and that of map-work , painting has comparatively but little to do ; and yet how evident is the progress of the literature of these works . [ 2 ] It would be easy to adduce hundreds of instances of the recent union of painting and engraving . About five years ago , a plan was started for illustrating the Bible from pictures of the old masters . Upwards of two hundred of them were transferred to wood-blocks ; but the scheme did not repay the ingenious originator — partly from their small size , uncertainty of effect to be produced on wood , and partly from the very cheap rate at which the engravings were sold — the whole series being purchaseable for three or four shillings . [ 3 ] But a similar design is now in progress on metal , being the idea of La Mus é e in little . It consists of beautiful outline copies of the great masters , published at so cheap a rate as to be within the reach of a school-boy . Within the present year , also , two series of Views in Great Britain , one of Views in London , and another of Paris , have been publishing at the rate of threepence for each view ; and when we see among their artists the names of Westall , Pugin , and Pye , we have a sufficient voucher for their excellence . A passing notice of a few of the more splendid works of art , ( for the above are among the cheap and popular projects of the day ,) and we must conclude . [ 2 ] The only place in which they do not progress mutually is the theatre . Look at the scenery of our patent theatres , and compare it with the vulgar daubs even of John Kemble 's time . Some of the scenes by Stanfield , Roberts , Grieve , and Pugh , are “ perfect pictures . ” Yet the language of the stage is at a stand , and insipid comedy , dull tragedy , and stupid farce are more abundant than before the “ march of mind ” . [ 3 ] While on the subject of wood-engraving , perhaps we may he allowed to mention our own humble plan of illustrating a sheet of letter-press for twopence . Of course , perfection in the engraving department would have ruined all parties concerned ; for each of our subjects ( as the miniature painters tell you of their works ) might be worked up to “ any price ” . It is now six years since the MIRROR was commenced , and as we are not speaking of ourselves , individually , we hope we may refer to the progressive improvement of the graphic department without any charge of vanity . It would be tedious to enumerate even a small portion of the fine pictures which have been engraved during the last two years ; the mention of two or three will answer our purpose . Every printseller 's window will attest the fact . Only let the reader step into Mr. Colnaghi 's parlours , in Cockspur-street , and we might say the spacious print gallery in Pall Mall . There let him turn over a few of the host of fine portraits which have been transferred from the canvass to the copper — the excellent series of royal portraits — and of men whose names will shine in the history of their country , when their portraits shall be gathered into the portfolios of a few collectors . Among portraits , we ought , however , to recollect Mr. Lodge 's invaluable collection of historical characters , the originals of which were exhibited a few months since , previous to their republication in a more economical form . The Temple of Jupiter , published a few months since , is perhaps one of the proudest triumphs of the year . Martin 's Deluge , too , has lately appeared , and we look forward to the publication of his last splendid picture , the Fall of Nineveh , with high hopes . In the SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER [ 4 ] ( published with the present ) we have noticed in detail a few of the many superb engravings which embellish the Christmas presents for the ensuing year , as well as their literary talent , by a string of extracts like “ Orient pearls at random strung . ” The success of these elegant works has benefited our artists to the sum of twelve thousand pounds , in their preparation for 1829 . A fortnight since we mentioned the cost of the plates of the Literary Souvenir to be 100l . and upwards for each subject . Another work , still more splendid , ( being nearly double the price ,) is under the direction of Mr. Charles Heath , whose masterly hand is visible in some of the finest engraving ever submitted to the world — equalled only by a rival in its first year — one of the best proofs of the patronage these works enjoy . It would be invidious to particularize — but we must mention the transference of two of Martin 's designs — Marcus Curtius ( in the Forget Me Not ) and Christ Tempted on the Mount — as two of the most surprising efforts of genius we have ever witnessed . Our readers need not be told that all the engravings are on steel ; and were it not for the adoption of this lasting metal , the [ 4 ] The engraving is from Prout 's exquisite picture of the magnificent city of Vicenza — for which we recollect our obligation to the “ Forget Me Not . ” cost of half the engravings would exceed that of the whole work : all we hope is , that the public patronage may be as lasting as the metal ; then it will be no idle vaunt to call this the march , or even race , of genius . In conclusion , we recommend all our lady friends ( who have not done so ) to place on their drawing-room table a Print Album , or Scrap Book , to be supported “ by voluntary contributions . ” They may then form a pretty correct estimate of the taste of their visiters ; and if taste in the fine arts be a test of virtue and integrity , they may even settle the claims of any two rival aspirants by this fair and unerring method , which should admit of no appeal . ANECDOTES OF CHRISTINA , THE YOUNG QUEEN OF SWEDEN . ( For The Mirror .) Christina was the only child of the great Gustavus Adolphus , who succeeded to the throne of her father in 1632 , when she was but five years of age . The young queen , at an early age , discovered but little taste for the society and occupations of her sex . When young , she was capable of reading the Greek historians . At the age of eighteen she assumed the reins of government . Several princes of Europe aspired to her hand ; but she rejected them all . To prevent a renewal of applications on this subject , she solemnly appointed Gustavus her successor , but without the smallest participation in the rights of the crown during her own life . During her minority , Sweden enjoyed internal repose , but was involved in a long war with the German empire . She was crowned with great splendour in the year 1650 . From this time she entertained a philosophical contempt for pomp and parade , and a kind of disgust for the affairs of state . She invited to her court men of the first reputation in various studies . She was a great collector of books , manuscripts , medals , paintings , & c. In 1654 , when she was only in her 28th year , Christina abdicated the crown , in order that she might live a life of freedom . With her crown , she renounced the Lutheran and embraced the Catholic religion . In quitting the scene of her regal power , she proceeded to Rome , where she intended to fix her abode . Some disgust which she received at Rome , induced her , in the space of two years , to determine to visit France . Here she was treated with respect by Louis XIV ., but the ladies were shocked with her masculine appearance and demeanour , and the unguarded freedom of her conversation . Apartments were assigned her at Fontainbleau , where she committed an action , which has indelibly stained her memory , and for which , in other countries , ( says her biographer ,) she would have paid the forfeit of her own life . This was the murder of an Italian , Monaldeschi , her master of the horse , who had betrayed some secret intrusted to him . He was summoned into a gallery in the palace ; letters were then shown to him , at the sight of which he turned pale , and entreated for mercy ; but he was instantly stabbed by two of her own domestics in an apartment adjoining that in which she herself was . The French court was justly offended at this atrocious deed ; yet it met with vindicators , among whom was Leibnitz , whose name was disgraced by the cause which he attempted to justify . Christina was sensible that she was now regarded with horror in France , and would gladly have visited England , but she received no encouragement for that purpose from Cromwell . She returned to Rome , and resumed her amusements in the arts and sciences . In 1660 , on the death of Charles Gustavus , she took a journey to Sweden to recover her crown ; but her ancient subjects rejected her claims , and submitted to a second renunciation of the throne ; after which she returned to Rome . Some differences with the pope made her resolve , in 1662 , once more to return to Sweden ; but the conditions annexed by the senate to her residence there were now so mortifying , that she proceeded no farther than Hamburgh . She went back to Rome , and cultivated a correspondence with the learned men there , and in other parts of Europe , and died in 1689 , leaving behind her many letters , a “ Collection of Miscellaneous Thoughts or Maxims , ” and “ Reflections on the Life and Actions of Alexander the Great . ” P. T. W . METHOD OF ASCERTAINING THE STATE OF THE LUNGS . ( For The Mirror .) Persons desirous of ascertaining the true state of their lungs , are directed to draw in as much breath as they conveniently can ; they are then to count as far as they are able , in a slow and audible voice , without drawing in more breath . The number of seconds they can continue counting must be carefully observed ; in a consumption , the time does not exceed ten , and is frequently less than six seconds ; in pleurisy and pneumonia , it ranges from nine to four seconds . When the lungs are in a sound condition , the time will range as high as from twenty to thirty-five seconds . G. W. N . THE COSMOPOLITE . ARTISTICAL ERRORS . A SECOND CHAPTER OF BULLS . ( For The Mirror .) I saw a picture not long since , in Edinburgh , copied from an engraving in Boydell 's Shakspeare ; subject ,— “ Lear ( and suite ) in the storm , ” but coloured according to the imagination and taste of the artist ; its name ought assuredly to have been Redcap and the blue-devils , for the venerable and lamented monarch had fine streaming locks of the real carrot hue , whilst his very hideous companions showed blue faces , and blue armour ; and with their strangely contorted bodies seemed meet representatives of some of the infernal court .— In a highly adorned prayer book , published in the reign of William III ., the engravings of which are from silver-plates , one print illustrates our Lord 's simile of the mote and beam , by a couple of men aiming at each other 's visual organs , ineffectually enough , one having a great log of wood growing from his eye , and the other being blind in one eye from a cataract ; at least , though I think I do not err in saying , a moat and castle , in it — I have seen an old edition of Jeremy Taylor 's “ Life and Death of Christ , ” illustrated with many remarkably good engravings . Of one of these the subject is , the Impotent Man at the Pool of Bethesda ; the fore ground is occupied by our Saviour , the cripple , and other invalids ; and in the distance appears a small pond palisaded by slender pilasters ; over it hovers an angel , who , with a long pole , is , to the marvel of the beholders , dexterously “ troubling the waters . ” In the same volume , some of the figures are clad in the garb of the time when drawn , and St. Jude is reading the New Testament in a pair of spectacles !— In Holyrood House , and in one of the rooms added in the days of Charles II ., is a panel-painting of “ the Infant Hercules strangling the serpents ; ” and leaping up in front of the cradle , appears one of those pretty and rare spaniels called King Charles 's breed . In the same palace , and in one of the chambers , once occupied by the unfortunate Mary , is a very old painting , intended , as the guide assures visitors , to represent St. Peter 's vision of the great sheet ; it may be , but if so , one archangel in military sandals , holding in his hands a small towel , represents ( by a figure in painting I presume ,) St. Peter , the sheet , and its innumerable living contents . He must have taken a hint , from the artist who painted for the passage through the Red Sea nothing but ocean , assuring his employer , that the Israelites could not be seen , because they were all gone over , and the Egyptians were every one drowned !— “ I once saw , ” writes a friend , “ a full length portrait of Wordsworth , in a modern painting of ‘ Christ riding into Jerusalem ; ’ it was amongst a group of Jews , and next to a likeness of Voltaire . I believe the painter intended to contrast the countenances of the Christian and infidel poets , and thus pay a handsome compliment to the former ; but the taste that placed the ancients and moderns together , remind me of a fine old painting of the Flemish school ; a ‘ David with Goliah 's head , ’ in the fore-ground of which were a number of fat Dutchmen , dressed in blue coats and leather breeches , with pipes in their mouths . ” — “ Raphael , ” says a little French work on painting , in my possession , speaking of unity of time , “ A pech é contre cette regle , dans son tableau d'Heliodore , ou il fait intervenir le Pape Jules 2 dans le Temple de Jerusalem porte sur les epaules , des Gonfalonniers . ” The same work notices a breach of the unity of design in Paul Veronese , “ qui dans la partie droite d'un de ses tableaux , a represente Jesus Christ benissant l'eau , dont il va ê tre baptise par St. Jean Baptiste ; et dans la partie gauche notre Seigneur tente par le diable . ” — Upon the celebrated “ Transfiguration ” of Raphael , I heard an artist remark , “ undoubtedly it is the first picture in the world , yet the painter has erred in these respects :— the upper portion of the picture is occupied by the subject , but the lower and fore-ground by the Healing of the Demoniac . Now that event did not happen until after the transfiguration , and we infringe upon our Saviour 's ubiquity by supposing it to occur ( contrary to the sacred story ) at the same time . He may , indeed , as God be omnipresent , but as man , the New Testament no where asserts that the Incarnate Presence was in different places at the same moment . ” Instances of erroneous judgment are frequent in those who illustrate holy writ . Some have attempted to embody Him , “ whom no man hath seen at any time . ” Some have filled their skies with beings as little aerial as possible , or apotheoses of the Virgin and sundry saints . Angels , as some represent them , even in whole lengths , are by anatomists regarded as monsters ; but what then are the chubby winged heads without bodies , with which some artists etherealize their works . Some err by mingling on the same canvass the sacred and profane ; scripture characters and the non-descripts of heathen mythology . Nor is poetry free from the latter error , as is exemplified in the major and minor epics , & c ., of many Christian poets . The drawings of the monks , splendid in colouring and beautiful in finish , are mostly ludicrous in design , from glaring anachronisms , erroneous perspective , & c. I saw a print in Montfau ç on , where fish were gamboling like porpusses on the surface of the sea , and one or two were visible through the paddles of a boat . In the same volume was a print of the apotheosis of St. Louis , from an illumination . The holy prince was represented dying in the fore-ground , but over head were a couple of angels flying away with his soul , ( under the figure of a wretched infant , skinny and naked , save the glory that covered his head ,) in a kind of sheet , or rather sack . But to detail all the absurdities and indecencies of these revered artists , whether limners , or carvers in wood , were endless . Their anachronisms , however , have been of considerable service to the antiquary . Sculpture has its monstrosities , architecture its incongruities , though not so palpable as those of painting , because the art is less generally understood by the common observer , or rather pictorial errors are in general easily detected by the eye alone , and sometimes by the most commonly informed mind ; but architectural defects are only recognisable by those who have studied the principles of this fine art . Poetry , I am sorry to say , is not exempt from bulls and blunders , of various kinds and degrees of enormity ; many of which have been , from time to time , exposed in a very amusing manner . I shall therefore , in conclusion , crave the liberty of producing one which has lately come under my own cognizance . A modern poet , whose compositions are fraught with beauty and genius , sings :— “ Then swooped the winds , that hurl the giant oak From Snowdon 's altitude . ” And another , in stanzas of extreme strength and eloquent description , describes a storm at night “ among the mountains of Snowdon , ” with these expressions :— —— “ The bird of night Screams from her straw-built nest , as from the womb Of infant death , and wheels her drowsy flight Amid the pine-clad rocks , with wonder and afright . ” —— “ The night-breeze dies Faint , on the mountain-ash leaves that surround Snowdon 's dark peaks . ” Now , a painful pilgrimage of eleven hours , up Snowdon and back again , enables me to declare that had oaks , pines , and service-trees adorned that appalling and volcanic chaos , five or six years since , some storm sufficient to have shattered the universe , must have swept them all away , ere I looked upon that dreary assemblage of rocks which seems like the ruins of a world . I ascended from the Capel Cerig side of the mountain , and therefore venture not to say what may be the aspect of the Llanberries ; but the only verdure I beheld , was that of short , brown heathy grass , a few stunted furze-bushes , and patches of that vividly green moss , which is spongy and full of water . The only living inhabitants of these wilds were a few ruffian-like miners , two or three black slugs , and a scanty flock of straggling half-starved mountain sheep , with their brown , ropy coats . The guide told me , that even eagles , had for three centuries abandoned the desolate crags of Snowdon ; and as for its being a haunt for owls , neither bird nor mouse could reside there to supply such with subsistence . Snowdon appeared to me too swampy to be drained for cultivation in many parts , and in most others its marble , granite and shingles , forbade the idea of spontaneous vegetation . I am sorry for the poets , having a sincere regard for the fraternity , but Snowdon is not adorned with pines , firs , larches , and service-trees , like parts of the Alps ; it is not wooded like the romantic Pyrenees , nor luxuriantly fertile in fruits , flowers , and grain , like the terrible , but sylvan Etna . M. L. B . OLD POETS DRUMMOND OF HAWTHORNDEN . “ A Lover of Old English Poetry , ” has , in the last London Magazine , a short paper on DRUMMOND of HAWTHORNDEN , a name dear to every poetical mind , and every lover of early song . His intention , he says , is “ rather to excite than satiate ” the taste of his readers for the poetry of Drummond ,— an object in which we cordially agree , and would contribute our offering , had not the task , in the present instance , been already so ably performed . We cannot , therefore , do better than introduce to our readers a few of his judicious selections . They are exquisite specimens of the evergreen freshness of old poetry , and by their contrast with contemporary effusions will contribute to the mosaic of our sheet . By the way , we hear of a sprinkling of the antique world of letters in some of the “ Annuals ” — an introduction which reflects high credit on the taste of the editors , and serves to prove that sicklied sentimentalities , like all other sweets , when enjoyed to excess , will cloy the fancy , but not so as entirely to unfit the mind for a higher species of intellectual enjoyment . We would have old and new alternate in the literary wreath , lest , by losing the comparison , the “ bright lights ” of other times should be treated with irreverence and neglect . FROM THE “ HYMN ON THE FAIREST FAIR . ” I feel my bosom glow with wonted fires : Raised from the vulgar press , my mind aspires , Wing 'd with high thoughts , unto His praise to climb From deep Eternity who call 'd forth time :— That ESSENCE , which , not mov 'd , makes each thing move ,— Uncreate beauty — all-creating love ... Ineffable , all-powerful GOD , all free ,— Thou only liv'st , and all things live by thee ... Perfection 's sum — prime cause of every cause , Midst and beginning , where all good doth pause ... Incomprehensible , by reachless height ; And unperceived , by excessive light . O King ! whose greatness none can comprehend , Whose boundless goodness does to all extend ,— Light of all beauty , ocean without ground , That standing , flowest — giving , dost abound ... Great Architect — Lord of this universe ,— That sight is blinded would thy greatness pierce . Then follows this noble simile , nobly sustained , and with a flow and harmony of verse not common in the poets of his period :— Ah ! as a pilgrim who the Alps doth pass , Or Atlas ’ temples crown 'd with winter glass ,— The airy Caucasus , the Apennine , Pyrenees ’ cliffs , where sun doth never shine ;— When he some craggy hills hath overwent , Begins to think on rest , his journey spent , Till mounting some tall mountain he do find More heights before him than he left behind ,— With halting pace so while I would me raise To the unbounded limits of Thy praise , Some part of way I thought to have o'errun ; But now I see how scarce I have begun — With wonders new my spirits range possest , And , wandering wayless , in a maze them rest . Oh ! that the cause which doth consume our joy Would the remembrance of it too destroy ! LIFE . Woods cut again do grow : Bud doth the rose and daisy , winter done , But we , once dead , do no more see the sun ! What fair is wrought Falls in the prime , and passeth like a thought . SONNET .— SPRING . Sweet Spring , thou com'st with all thy goodly train ,— Thy head with flame , thy mantle bright with flowers : The zephyrs curl the green locks of the plain ,— The clouds for joy in pearls weep down their showers ;— Sweet Spring , thou com'st — but ah ! my pleasant hours , And happy days , with thee come not again ! The sad memorials only of my pain Do with thee come , which turn my sweets to sours . Thou art the same which still thou wert before , Delicious , lusty , amiable , fair , But she whose breath embalmed thy wholesome air Is gone — nor gold , nor gems can her restore , Neglected virtue — seasons , go and come , When thine , forgot , lie closed in a tomb . SONNET . Sweet bird , that sing'st away the early hours , Of winters past , or coming , void of care , Well pleased with delights which present are ,— Fair seasons , budding sprays , sweet-smelling flowers , To rocks , to springs , to rills , from leavy bowers Thou thy Creator 's goodness dost declare , And what dear gifts on thee he did not spare ,— A stain to human sense in sin that lowers . What soul can be so sick , which by thy songs ( Attir 'd in sweetness ) sweetly is not driven Quite to forget earth 's turmoils , spites , and wrongs , And lift a reverend eye and thought to heaven ? Sweet artless songster , thou my mind dost raise To airs of spheres — yes , and to angels lays ! SLEEP . Now while the Night her sable veil hath spread , And silently her resty coach doth roll , Rousing with her , from Thetis ’ azure bed , Those starry nymphs which dance about the pole ; While Cynthia , in purest cypress clad . The Latmian shepherd in a trance descries , And , looking pale from height of all the skies , She dyes her beauties in a blushing red ; While Sleep , in triumph , closed hath all eyes , And birds and beasts a silence sweet do keep , And Proteus ’ monstrous people in the deep ,— The winds and waves , hush 'd up , to rest entice ,— I wake , I turn , I weep , oppress 'd with pain , Perplex 'd in the meanders of my brain . Sleep , Silence ’ child , sweet father of soft rest , Prince , whose approach peace to all mortals brings , Indifferent host to shepherds and to kings , Sole comforter of minds which are oppress 'd — Lo ! by thy charming rod , all breathing things Lie slumb'ring , with forgetfulness possess 'd , And yet o'er me to spread thy drowsy wings Thou spar'st , alas ! who cannot be thy guest . Since I am thine , O come ,— but with that face To inward light , which thou art wont to shew — With feigned solace ease a true-felt woe ; Or if , deaf god , thou do deny that grace , Come as thou wilt , and what thou wilt bequeath I long to kiss the image of my death ! Hark , happy lovers , hark ! This first and last of joys , This sweetener of annoys , This nectar of the gods , You call a kiss , is with itself at odds : And half so sweet is not , In equal measure got At light of sun as it is in the dark : Hark , happy lovers , hark ! NOTES OF A READER INDIAN FEAST OF SOULS . Every three or four years , by a general agreement , the Indians disinter the bodies of such as have died within that time ; finding the soft parts mouldered away , they carefully clean the bones , and each family wrap up the remains of their departed friends in new fur . They are then laid together in one mound or barrow , and the ceremony concludes with a feast , with dances , songs , speeches , games , and mock combats . PALEY . We think it next to impossible for a candid unbeliever to read the Evidences of Paley , in their proper order , unshaken . His Natural Theology will open the heart , that it may understand , or at least receive the Scriptures , if any thing can . It is philosophy in its highest and noblest sense ; scientific , without the jargon of science ; profound , but so clear that its depth is disguised . There is nothing of the “ budge Doctor ” here ; speculations which will convince , if aught will , that “ in the beginning God created the heaven and the earth , ” are made familiar as household words . They are brought home to the experience of every man , the most ordinary observer on the facts of nature with which he is daily conversant . A thicker clothing , for instance , is provided in winter for that tribe of animals which are covered with fur . Now , in these days , such an assertion would be backed by an appeal to some learned Rabbi of a Zoological Society , who had written a deep pamphlet , upon what he would probably call the Theory of Hair . But to whom does Paley refer us ? To any dealer in rabbit skins . The curious contrivance in the bones of birds , to unite strength with lightness , is noticed . The bore is larger , in proportion to the weight of the bone , than in other animals ; it is empty ; the substance of the bone itself is of a closer texture . For these facts , any “ operative ” would quote Sir Everard Home , or Professor Cuvier , by way of giving a sort of philosophical é clat to the affair , and throwing a little learned dust in the eyes of the public . Paley , however , advises you to make your own observations when you happen to be engaged in the scientific operation of picking the leg or wing of a chicken . The very singular correspondence between the two sides of any animal , the right hand answering to the left , and so on , is touched upon , as a proof of a contriving Creator , and a very striking one it is . Well ! we have a long and abstruse problem in chances worked out to show that it was so many millions , and so many odd thousands to one , that accident could not have produced the phenomenon ; not a bit of it . Paley , who was probably scratching his head at the moment , offers no other confirmation of his assertion , than that it is the most difficult thing in the world to get a wig made even , seldom as it is that the face is made awry . The circulation of the blood , and the provision for its getting from the heart to the extremities , and back again , affords a singular demonstration of the Maker of the body being an admirable Master both of mechanics and hydrostatics . But what is the language in which Paley talks of this process ?— technical ?— that mystical nomenclature of Diaforius , which frightens country patients out of their wits , thinking , as they very naturally do , that a disease must be very horrid which involves such very horrid names ? Hear our anatomist from Giggleswick . “ The aorta of a whale is larger in the bore than the main-pipe of the water-works at London Bridge ; and the roaring in the passage through that pipe is inferior , in impetus and velocity , to the blood gushing from the whale 's heart . ” He cares not whence he fetches his illustrations , provided they are to the purpose . The laminae of the feathers of birds are kept together by teeth that hook into one another , “ as a latch enters into the catch , and fastens a door . ” The eyes of the mole are protected by being very small , and buried deep in a cushion of skin , so that the apertures leading to them are like pin-holes in a piece of velvet , scarcely pervious to loose particles of earth . The snail without wings , feet , or thread , adheres to a stalk by a provision of sticking-plaster . The lobster , as he grows , is furnished with a way of uncasing himself of his buckler , and drawing his legs out of his boots when they become too small for him . In this unambitious manner does Paley prosecute his high theme , drawing , as it were , philosophy from the clouds . But it is not merely the fund of entertaining knowledge which the Natural Theology contains , or the admirable address displayed in the adaption of it , which fits it for working conviction ; the “ sunshine of the breast , ” the cheerful spirit with which its benevolent author goes on his way ([ Greek : kudei gaion ] ,) this it is that carries the coldest reader captive , and constrains him to confess within himself , and even in spite of himself , “ it is good for me to be here . ” ... We mourn over the leaves of our peaches and plum-trees , as they wither under a blight . What does Paley see in this ? A legion of animated beings ( for such is a blight ) claiming their portion of the bounty of Nature , and made happy by our comparatively trifling privation , We are tortured by bodily pain ,— Paley himself was so , even at the moment that he was thus nobly vindicating God 's wisdom and ways . What of that ? Pain is not the object of contrivance — no anatomist ever dreamt of explaining any organ of the body on the principle of the thumb screw ; it is itself productive of good ; it is seldom both violent , and long continued ; and then its pauses and intermissions become positive pleasures . “ It has the power of shedding a satisfaction over intervals of ease , which I believe , ” says this true philosopher , “ few enjoyments exceed . ” The returns of an hospital in his neighbourhood lie before him . Does he conjure up the images of Milton 's lazar-house , and sicken at the spectacle of human suffering ? No — he finds the admitted 6 , 420 — the dead , 234 — the cured , 5 , 476 ; his eye settles upon the last , and he is content . There is nothing in the world which has not more handles than one ; and it is of the greatest consequence to get a habit of taking hold by the best . The bells speak as we make them ; “ how many a tale their music tells ! ” Hogarth 's industrious apprentice might hear in them that he should be “ Lord Mayor of London ” — the idle apprentice that he should be hanged at Tyburn . The landscape looks as we see it ; if we go to meet a friend , every distant object assumes his shape — “ In great and small , and round and square , ‘ Tis Johnny , Johnny , every where . ” Crabbe 's lover passed over the very same heath to his mistress and from her ; yet as he went , all was beauty — as he returned all was blank . The world does not more surely provide different kinds of food for different animals , than it furnishes doubts to the sceptic and hopes to the believer , as he takes it . The one , in an honest and good heart , pours out the box of ointment on a Saviour 's head — the other , in the pride of his philosophy , only searches into it for a dead fly .— Q . Rev . “ ALL FOR THE BEST . ” When Bernard Gilpin was summoned up to London to give an account of himself and his creed before Bonner , he chanced to break his leg on the way ; and , on some persons retorting upon him a favourite saying of his own , “ that nothing happens to us but what is intended for our good , ” and asking him whether it was for his good that he had broken his leg , he answered , “ that he made no question but it was . ” And so it turned out , for before he was able to travel again , Queen Mary died , and he was set at liberty . Men keep their word simply because it is right to do so . They feel it is right , and ask no further questions . Conscience carries along with it its own authority — its own credentials . The depraved appetites may rebel against it , but they are aware that it is rebellion .— Q . Rev . ARAB HOSPITALITY . M. Pacho , the African traveller , lately arrived at Marmorica , when the rains had commenced , and the ground was preparing for the seed , and was admitted to all the rites of Arab hospitality . Invited to a great feast , he was regaled with the usual dainty of a sheep roasted whole , and eaten with the fingers ; while girls , dressed as Caryatides , presented a large vase of milk , which was passed round to the company . All that was expected in return was to cover bits of paper with writing , and thus convert them into amulets ; for , in his capacity of sorcerer , the Christian is supposed to possess supernatural powers .— Edinburgh Rev . IMPROMPTU ON WASTE . By the late Edward Knight , Esq . of Drury-Lane Theatre . Oh ! waste thou not the smallest thing Created by Divinity ; For grains of sand the mountains make , And atomics infinity . Waste thou not , then , the smallest time — ‘ Tis imbecile infirmity ; For well thou know'st , if aught thou know'st , That seconds form eternity . Forget Me Not — 1829 . AN ELECTION . G. A . Steevens says an election is “ madman 's holiday ; ” but in the last Quarterly Review we find the following ludicrous supplemental illustration . Let a stranger be introduced , for the first time , to an election , let him be shown a multitude of men reeling about the streets of a borough-town , fighting within an inch of their lives , smashing windows at the Black Bear , or where “ High in the street , o'erlooking all the place , The Rampant Lion shows his kingly face ; ” and yelling like those animals in Exeter ‘ Change at supper time ; and then let him be told that these worthies are choosing the senate of England — persons to make the laws that are to bind them and their children , property , limb , and life , and he would certainly think the process unpropitious . Yet , in spite of it all , a number of individuals are thus collected , who transact the business of the nation , and represent its various interests tolerably well . The machinery is hideous but it produces not a bad article . SPANISH COMFORTS . In Spain , there are few or no schools in the villages and small towns , that would have the effect of releasing the minds of the natives from monkish tyranny , which at present influences their principles , and biasses their choice , with regard to political , and indeed almost all other pursuits . Nor is any attention paid to trade . The peasantry simply exist , like cattle , without any other signs of exertion , than such as the necessity of food requires . They have no idea of rising in the world ; and where there is no interest there is no activity . It appears , that in the North of Spain , so little encouragement is given to the arts , that even physicians are not able to obtain support ; that prints are unsaleable , and no new publications appear but newspapers ; that the tradesmen neglect their persons , very seldom shaving , and having frequently a cigar in their mouths ; that the breath of the ladies smells of garlick ; that the gentlemen smoke cigars in bed ; that there is hardly a single manufactory in the kingdom belonging to a native in a flourishing state ; that , from recent political events , the flocks have been neglected , and the wool deteriorated ; that cleanliness is neglected , and rats and mice unmolested ; that the porters of the most respectable houses are cobblers , who work at their trades at their doors ; that women are employed in loading and unloading ships ; and that they , as well as the servants in houses , carry every thing on their heads , even lighted candles , without the least fear of their being extinguished ; that oxen are tied to carts by their horns ; that in the inns , generally , no one can read or write but the landlords ; that the constitutional soldiers , for their fare , generally took a leathern bag , ( barracho ,) and got it filled with red wine as sour as vinegar ; not appearing to wish for meat , bread and cheese , with boiled soup , onions , and garlick , forming the substance of their frugal repasts ; that no memorial is erected on the spot where the battle of Vittoria was fought in 1813 ; and that , in fact , there is no national feeling in the country . THE EQUIVOCAL GENTLEMAN Must always keep his dignity , for his dignity will not keep him . We have no objection to meet him at a dress party , or at the quarter sessions , nor to read his articles in the Edinburgh , the Quarterly , or the British Critic ; but we request not his contributions for Maga , nor will Mr. North send him a general invitation to the Noctes .— Blackwood 's Mag . INTENSE COLD . The lowest temperature witnessed by Capt . Franklin in North America was on the 7th of February , of the second winter passed on the shores of Bear Lake . At eight in the morning , the mercury in the thermometer descended to 58 ° below zero ; it had stood at - 57. 5 °, and - 57. 3 ° in the course of that and the preceding day ; between the 5th and the 8th , its general state was from - 48 ° to - 52 °, though it occasionally rose to - 43 °. At the temperature of - 52. 2 °, Mr. Kendall froze some mercury in the mould of a pistol-bullet , and fired it against a door at the distance of six paces . A small portion of the mercury penetrated to the depth of one-eighth of an inch , but the remainder only just lodged in the wood . The extreme height of the mercury in the tube was from 71 ° at noon to 73 ° at three o'clock .— Quarterly Rev . PARR 'S PUNNING . Of all the species of wit , punning was one which Dr. Parr disliked , and in which he seldom indulged ; and yet some instances of it have been related . Reaching a book from a high shelf in his library , two other books came tumbling down ; of which one , a critical work of Lambert Bos , fell upon the other , which was a volume of Hume . “ See ! ” said he , “ what has happened — procumbit humi bos . ” On another occasion , sitting in his room , suffering under the effects of a slight cold , when too strong a current was let in upon him , he cried out , “ Stop , stop , that is too much . I am at present only par levibus ventis . ” At another time , a gentleman having asked him to subscribe to Dr. Busby 's translation of Lucretius , he declined to do so , saying it would cost too much money ; it would indeed be “ Lucretius carus . ” — Field 's Memoirs . HOUBRAKEN 'S HEADS . Houbraken , as the late Lord Orford justly observes , “ was ignorant of our history , uninquisitive into the authenticity of the drawings which were transmitted to him , and engraved whatever was sent ; ” adducing two instances , namely , Carr , Earl of Somerset , and Secretary Thurloe , as not only spurious , but not having the least resemblance to the persons they pretend to represent . An anonymous but evidently well informed writer ( in the Gentleman 's Magazine ) further states , that “ Thurloe 's , and about thirty of the others , are copied from heads painted for no one knows whom . ” — Lodge 's Illustrated Biography . VIRGIL 'S GEORGICS . Every reader of taste knows that “ glance from earth to heaven ” which pervades the Georgics throughout , and that poetical almanack which the poet has made use of for pointing out the various seasons for the different operations of husbandry . Will it be believed that his Spanish translator has actually taken the trouble to convert these indications into days of the month , and inserted the result of his labours in the text ? WOMAN 'S EYE . The light that beams from woman 's eye . And sparkles through her tear , Responds to that impassion 'd sigh Which love delights to hear . ‘ Tis the sweet language of the soul , On which a voice is hung , More eloquent than ever stole From saint 's or poet 's tongue . Forget Me Not — 1829 . “ NIMIUM NE CREDE COLORI . ” Jack Taylor once said to a water-drinking person , with a purple face , “ better things might prima facie be expected . ” SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . MR. ABERNETHY . Of Mr. Abernethy 's independence and strict veneration of what is right , we have many examples . Among others , the following is characteristic :— A certain noble personage , now enjoying a situation of great responsibility in the Sister Kingdom , had been waiting for a long time in the surgeon 's anteroom , when , seeing those who had arrived before him , successively called in , he became somewhat impatient , and sent his card in . No notice was taken of the hint ; he sent another card — another — another — and another ; still no answer . At length he gained admission in his turn ; and , full of nobility and choler , he asked , rather aristocratically , why he had been kept waiting so long ?— “ Wh — ew ! ” responded the professor ; “ because you did n't come sooner , to be sure . And now , if your lordship will sit down , I will hear what you have to say . ” One thing Mr. Abernethy cannot abide , that is , any interruption to his discourse . This it is , in fact , which so often irritates him , so often causes him to snarl .— “ People come here , ” he has often said to us , “ to consult me , and they will torture me with their long and foolish fiddle-de-dee stories ; so we quarrel , and then they blackguard me all about this large town ; but I can n't help that . ” That Abernethy is odd all the world knows , but his oddity is far more amusing than repulsive , far more playful than bearish . Yates 's picture of him last year was not bad ; neither was it good — it wanted the raciness of the original . Let the reader imagine a smug , elderly , sleek , and venerable-looking man , approaching seventy years of age , rather ( as novel-writers say ) below than above the middle height , somewhat inclined to corpulency , and upright in his carriage withal ; with his hair most primly powdered , and nicely curled round his brow and temples : let them imagine such a person habited in sober black , with his feet thrust carelessly into a pair of unlaced half-boots , and his hands into the pockets of his “ peculiars , ” and they have the “ glorious John ” of the profession before their eyes . The following colloquy , which occurred not many days since , between him and a friend of ours , is so characteristic of the professor , that we cannot resist its insertion :— Having entered the room , our friend “ opened the proceedings . ” “ I wish you to ascertain what is the matter with my eye , sir . It is very painful , and I am afraid there is some great mischief going on . ” — “ Which I can n't see , ” said Abernethy , placing the patient before the window , and looking closely at the eye .— “ But — ” interposed our friend .— “ Which I can n't see , ” again said , or rather sung the professor . “ Perhaps not , sir , but — ” — “ Now do n't bother ! ” ejaculated the other ; “ but sit down , and I 'll tell you all about it . ” Our friend sat down accordingly , while Abernethy , standing with his back against the table , thus began : “ I take it for granted that , in consulting me , you wish to know what I should do for myself , were I in a predicament similar to yourself . Now , I have no reason to suppose that you are in any particular predicament ; and the terrible mischief which you apprehend , depends , I take it , altogether upon the stomach . Mind ,— at present I have no reason to believe that there is any thing else the matter with you . ” ( Here my friend was about to disclose sundry dreadful maladies with which he believed himself afflicted , but he was interrupted with “ Diddle-dum , diddle-dum , diddle-dum dee ! ” uttered in the same smooth tone as the previous part of the address — and he was silent .) — “ Now , your stomach being out of order , it is my duty to explain to you how to put it to rights again ; and , in my whimsical way , I shall give you an illustration of my position ; for I like to tell people something that they will remember . The kitchen , that is , your stomach , being out of order , the garret ( pointing to the head ) cannot be right , and egad ! every room in the house becomes affected . Repair the injury in the kitchen ,— remedy the evil there ,— ( now do n't bother ,) and all will be right . This you must do by diet . If you put improper food into your stomach , by Gad you play the very devil with it , and with the whole machine besides . Vegetable matter ferments , and becomes gaseous ; while animal substances are changed into a putrid , abominable , and acrid stimulus . ( Do n't bother again !) You are going to ask , ‘ What has all this to do with my eye ? ’ I will tell you . Anatomy teaches us , that the skin is a continuation of the membrane which lines the stomach ; and your own observation will inform you , that the delicate linings of the mouth , throat , nose , and eyes , are nothing more . Now some people acquire preposterous noses , others blotches on the face and different parts of the body , others inflammation of the eyes — all arising from irritation of the stomach . People laugh at me for talking so much about the stomach . I sometimes tell this story to forty different people of a morning , and some wo n't listen to me ; so we quarrel , and they go and abuse me all over the town . I can n't help it — they came to me for my advice , and I give it them , if they will take it . I can n't do any more . Well , sir , as to the question of diet . I must refer you to my book . ( Here the professor smiled , and continued smiling as he proceeded .) There are only about a dozen pages — and you will find , beginning at page 73 , all that it is necessary for you to know . I am christened ‘ Doctor My-Book , ’ and satirized under that name all over England ; but who would sit and listen to a long lecture of twelve pages , or remember one-half of it when it was done ? So I have reduced my directions into writing , and there they are for any body to follow , if they please . “ Having settled the question of diet , we now come to medicine . It is , or ought to be , the province of a medical man to soothe and assist Nature , not to force her . Now , the only medicine I should advise you to take , is a dose of a slight aperient medicine every morning the first thing . I wo n't stipulate for the dose , as that must be regulated by circumstances , but you must take some ; for without it , by Gad ; your stomach will never be right . People go to Harrowgate , and Buxton , and Bath , and the devil knows where , to drink the waters , and they return full of admiration at their surpassing efficacy . Now these waters contain next to nothing of purgative medicine ; but they are taken readily , regularly , and in such quantities , as to produce the desired effect . You must persevere in this plan , sir , until you experience relief , which you certainly will do . I am often asked — ‘ Well , but Mr. Abernethy , why do n't you practise what you preach ? ’ I answer , by reminding the inquirer of the parson and the signpost : both point the way , but neither follow its course . ” — And thus ended a colloquy , wherein is mingled much good sense , useful advice , and whimsicality .— New Monthly Magazine . GIPSIES . Whether from India 's burning plains , Or wild Bohemia 's domains Your steps were first directed :— Or whether ye be Egypt 's sons , Whose stream , like Nile 's for ever runs With sources undetected ,— Arab 's of Europe ! Gipsy race ! Your Eastern manners , garb , and face Appear a strange chimera ; None , none but you can now be styled Romantic , picturesque , and wild , In this prosaic era . Ye sole freebooters of the wood Since Adam Bell and Robin Hood — Kept every where asunder From other tribes — King , Church , and State Spurning , and only dedicate To freedom , sloth , and plunder . Your forest-camp — the forms one sees Banditti like amid the trees , The ragged donkies grazing , The Sibyl 's eye prophetic , bright With flashes of the fitful light , Beneath the caldron blazing ,— O'er my young mind strange terrors threw : Thy history gave me Moore Carew ! A more exalted notion Of Gipsy life , nor can I yet Gaze on your tents , and quite forget My former deep emotion . For “ auld lang syne ” I 'll not maltreat Yon pseudo-Tinker , though the Cheat , Ay sly as thievish Reynard , Instead of mending kettles , prowls To make foul havock of my fowls , And decimate my hen-yard . Come thou , too , black-eyed lass , and try That potent skill in palmistry . Which sixpences can wheedle ; Mine is a friendly cottage — here No snarling mastiff need you fear , No Constable or Beadle . ‘ Tis yours , I know , to draw at will Upon Futurity a bill , And Plutus to importune :— Discount the bill — take half yourself Give me the balance of the pelf . And both may laugh at fortune . Ibid . GEORGE HARVEST . The Rev . George Harvest , of Trinity College , Cambridge , having been private tutor to the Duke of Richmond , was invited to dine with the old duchess , and to accompany her party to the play . He used to travel with a night-cap in his pocket , and having occasion for a handkerchief at the theatre , made use of his cap for that purpose . In one of his reveries , however , it fell from the side-box , where he was sitting , into the pit , where a wag , who picked it up , hoisted it upon the end of a stick , that it might be claimed by its rightful proprietor . Judge of the consternation of a large party of ladies of rank and fashion , when George Harvest rose in the midst of them , and claimed the night-cap ( which was somewhat greasy from use ) by the initials G. H ., which were legibly marked on it . The cap was restored to him amidst shouts of laughter , that ran through the pit to the great discomfiture of the duchess and the rest of the party .— Ibid . SCIENTIFIC RECREATIONS . ELECTRICAL PHENOMENA . ( From the Treatise on Electricity — in the Library of Useful Knowledge .) The colours produced by the electric explosion of metals have been applied to impress letters or ornamental devices on silk and on paper . For this purpose Mr. Singer directs that the outline of the required figure should be first traced on thick drawing paper , and afterwards cut out in the manner of stencil plates . The drawing paper is then placed on the silk or paper intended to be marked ; a leaf of gold is laid upon it , and a card over that ; the whole is then placed in a press or under a weight , and a charge from a battery sent through the gold leaf . The stain is confined by the interposition of the drawing paper to the limit of the design , and in this way a profile , a flower , or any other outline figure may be very neatly impressed . Most combustible bodies are capable of being inflamed by electricity , but more especially if it be made to strike against them in the form of a spark or shock obtained by an interrupted circuit , as by the interposition of a stratum of air . In this way may alcohol , ether , camphor , powdered resin , phosphorus , or gunpowder be set fire to . The inflammation of oil of turpentine will be promoted by strewing upon it fine particles of brass filings . If the spirit of wine be not highly rectified , it will generally be necessary previously to warm it , and the same precaution must be taken with other fluids , as oil and pitch ; but it is not required with ether , which usually inflames very readily . But on the other hand , it is to be remarked that the temperature of the body which communicates the spark appears to have no sensible influence on the heat produced by it . Thus the sparks taken from a piece of ice are as capable of inflaming bodies as those from a piece of red-hot iron . Nor is the heating power of electricity in the smallest degree diminished by its being conducted through any number of freezing mixtures which are rapidly absorbing heat from surrounding bodies . HEATING ROOMS . A new invention for heating rooms has met with much encouragement in Paris . A piece of quick-lime dipped into water , and shut hermetically into a box constructed for the purpose , is said to give almost a purgatory-heat , and prevent the necessity of fire during winter .— Lit . Gaz . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS GOLDEN RULES . TO RENDER MEN HONEST , RESPECTABLE , AND HAPPY . By Sir Richard Phillips . All members of the human family should remember , that the human race is , as to time and nature , but as one totality ; for , since every man and woman had two parents , each parent two parents , and so on in geometrical progression , hence every individual , high or low , must necessarily be descended from every individual of the whole population as it existed but a few hundred years before , whether they were high or low , virtuous or abandoned ; while every procreative individual of the existing race must be the actual progenitor of the entire race which may exist at the same distance of future time . What motives for charity , for forbearing from injuries , for benevolence , for universal love . The bed of sickness , with its increased sensibility of nerves , is a delicate test of man 's conscience , and of self-approbation or reprobation . Requiring sympathy himself , he now sympathizes with others ; and , unable to direct his thoughts to external things , they are forced upon himself . Great is then his solace , and efficacious his medicines , if he has no other reflections than such as are supplied by his justice , liberality , and benevolence ; but accumulated will be his sufferings , and dangerous the result , if crimes and misdeeds force themselves at such a time on his mind ; while in any delirium of fever he will rave on those subjects , and , without vision , will often perceive , by the mere excitement of his brain , the spectres of the injured making grimaces before him . If you are rich , and want to enjoy the exalted luxury of relieving distress , go to the Bankrupt Court , to the Court for Insolvent Debtors , to the gaols , the work-houses , and the hospitals . If you are rich and childless , and want heirs , look to the same assemblages of misfortune ; for all are not culpable who appear in the Bankrupt and Insolvent Lists ; nor all criminal who are found in gaols ; nor all improvident who are inmates of work-houses and hospitals . On the contrary , in these situations , an alloy of vice is mixed with virtue enough to afford materials for as deep tragedies as ever poet fancied or stage exhibited ; and visiters of relief would act the part of angels descending from Heaven among men , whose chief affliction is the neglect of unthinking affluence . Marriage is a circumstance of life , which , in its actual course , involves the feelings and fortunes of human beings more than any other event of their lives . It is a connexion generally formed by inexperience , under the blindness and caprice of passion ; and , though these conditions cannot be avoided , as forming the bases of the connexion , yet it is so important , that a man is never ruined who has an interesting , faithful , and virtuous wife ; while he is lost to comfort , fortune , and even to hope , who has united himself to a vicious and unprincipled one . The fate of woman is still more intimately blended with that of her husband ; for , being in the eyes of the law and the world but second to him , she is the victim of his follies and vices at home , and of his ill success and degradation abroad . Rules are useless , where passions , founded on trifling associations and accidents , govern ; but much mischief often results from fathers expecting young men to be in the social position of old ones , and from present fortune being preferred to virtues ; for industry and talent , stimulated by affection , and fostered by family interests , soon create competency and fortune ; while a connexion founded on mere wealth , which is often speedily wasted by dissipation , habits of extravagance , and the chances of life , necessarily ends in disappointment , disgust , and misery . Wretched is the man who has no employment but to watch his own digestions ; and who , on waking in the morning , has no useful occupation of the day presented to his mind . To such a one respiration is a toil , and existence a continued disease . Self-oblivion is his only resource , indulgence in alcohol in various disguises his remedy , and death or superstition his only comfort and hope . For what was he born , and why does he live ? are questions which he constantly asks himself ; and his greatest enigmas are the smiling faces of habitual industry , stimulated by the wants of the day , or fears for the future . If he is excited to exertion , it is commonly to indulge some vicious propensity , or display his scorn of those pursuits which render others happier than himself . If he seek to relieve his inanity in books , his literature ascends no higher than the romances , the newspapers , or the scandal , of the day ; and all the nobler pursuits of mind , as well as body , are utterly lost in regard to him . His passage through life is like that of a bird through the air , and his final cause appears merely to be that of sustaining the worms in his costly tomb . The decline of life , and the retrospections of old age , furnish unequivocal tests of worthiness and unworthiness . Happy is the man , who , after a well-spent life , can contemplate the rapid approach of his last year with the consciousness that , if he were born again , he could not , under all the circumstances of his worldly position , have done better , and who has inflicted no injuries for which it is too late to atone . Wretched , on the contrary , is he , who is obliged to look back on a youth of idleness and profligacy , on a manhood of selfishness and sensuality , and on a career of hypocrisy , of insensibility , of concealed crime , and of injustice above the reach of law . Visit both during the decay of their systems , observe their feelings and tempers , view the followers at their funerals , count the tears on their graves ; and , after such a comparison , in good time make your own choice . Constant change is the feature of society . The world is like a magic lantern , or the shifting scenes in a pantomime . TEN YEARS convert the population of schools into men and women , the young into fathers and matrons , make and mar fortunes , and bury the last generation but one . TWENTY YEARS convert infants into lovers , and fathers and mothers , render youth the operative generation , decide men 's fortunes and distinctions , convert active men into crawling drivellers , and bury all the preceding generation . THIRTY YEARS raise an active generation from nonentity , change fascinating beauties into merely bearable old women , convert lovers into grandfathers and grandmothers , and bury the active generation , or reduce them to decrepitude and imbecility . FORTY YEARS , alas ! change the face of all society ; infants are growing old , the bloom of youth and beauty has passed away , two active generations have been swept from the stage of life , names so cherished are forgotten , and unsuspected candidates for fame have started from the exhaustless womb of nature . FIFTY YEARS ! why should any desire to retain their affections from maturity for fifty years ? It is to behold a world which they do not know , and to which they are unknown ; it is to live to weep for the generations passed away , for lovers , for parents , for children , for friends , in the grave ; it is to see every thing turned upside down by the fickle hand of fortune , and the absolute despotism of time ; it is , in a word , to behold the vanity of human life in all its varieties of display ! Social Philosophy . THE GATHERER A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . SHERRY . Commentators have puzzled themselves to find out Falstaff 's sherries sack : there can be no doubt but that it was dry sherry , and the French word sec dry , corrupted into sack . In a poem printed in 1619 , sack and sherry are noted throughout as synonymous , every stanza of twelve ending — Give me sack , old sack , boys , To make the muses merry , The life of mirth , and the joy of the earth , Is a cup of old sherry . CURIOUS WILL . By a Student of the University of Dublin . Cum ita semper me amares , How to reward you all my care is , Consilium tibi do imprimis For I believe that short my time is ; Amice Admodum amande , Pray thee leave off thy drinking brandy , Video qua sorte jaceo hic , ‘ Tis all for that , O sick ! O sick ! Mors mea , vexat matrem piam , No dog was e'er so sick as I am . Secundo mi amice bone , My breeches take , but there 's no money , Et vestes etiam tibi dentur , If such old things to wear you 'll venture ; Pediculos si potes pellas , But they are sometimes prince 's fellows ; Accipe libros etiam musam , If I had lived I ne'er had used them , Spero quod his contentus eris , For I 've a friend almost as dear is , Vale ne plus tibi detur . But send her up , Jack , if you meet her . C. K. W . OLD ST. PAUL 'S . In the old cathedral of St. Paul , walks were laid out for merchants , as in the Royal Exchange . Thus , “ the south alley for usurye , and poperye ; the north for simony and the horse fair ; in the middest for all kinds of bargains , meetings , brawlings , murthers , conspiracies ; and the font for ordinary paiements of money , are so well knowne to all menne as the beggar knows his dishe . ” THE LINCOLNSHIRE EEL , A bit of Munchausen . In the year 1702 , there was a universal complaint among the feeders of cattle in the fens , that they frequently lost a horse , an ox , or a cow , and could not discover by what means ; when watching more narrowly , they observed a horse , and presently after a cow , go to the river to drink , and suddenly disappear . On going to the river-side they saw an eel , the body of which was as large as an elephant . They could not doubt but this was the thief who had so often robbed them of their cattle , and they very reasonably concluded if they could catch the eel , their cattle would henceforth drink in safety . A council being called among the farmers , they determined upon the following expedient :— They sent to London and purchased a cable and anchor , by way of fishing-line and hook , and roasted a young bullock , with which they baited the hook , and fastened the end of the cable round a barn , which stood about a hundred feet from the river , and then waited to see what the morning would produce . At break of day they repaired to the riverside , when , to their great astonishment , they found that the eel had been there and swallowed the bait , but in endeavouring to disengage himself , had pulled the barn after him into the river , and having broken the cable , made his escape . With the present is published a SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER , containing the SPIRIT of “ the ANNUALS ” for 1829 — with Critical Notices of their Engravings and Literary Contents , copious Selections , and Unique Extracts , and a FINE ENGRAVING from a splendid subject ; in one of the most popular of these elegant works . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE FOLLOWING NOVELS ARE ALREADY PUBLISHED : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 0 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6