THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XIV , NO . 381 .] SATURDAY , JULY 18 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . APSLEY HOUSE THE MANSION OF HIS GRACE THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON . The town mansions of our nobility are generally beneath all architectural criticism ; and it has been pertinently observed that “ an educated foreigner is quite astonished when shown the residences of our higher nobility and gentry in the British capital . He has heard speak of some great nobleman , with a revenue equal to that of a principality . He feels a curiosity to look at his palace , and he is shown a plain , common , brick house of forty or fifty feet in extent . ” These observations were made about three years ago , since which period , the spirit of architectural improvement has been fast extending from public buildings to individual mansions . Among the latter , the renovation or encasement of Apsley House , at Hyde Park Corner , with a fine stone front , is entitled to foremost notice . This splendid improvement is from the designs of Benjamin Wyatt , Esq . and is of the Palladian style . The basement story is rusticated , and the principal front has a handsome pediment supported by four columns of the Corinthian order . A bold cornice extends on all sides , which are decorated at the angles with Corinthian pilasters . The whole has an air of substantial elegance , and is in extremely good taste , if we except the door and window cases , which we are disposed to think rather too small . The Piccadilly front is enclosed with a rich bronzed palisade between leaved pillars , being in continuation of the classical taste of the entrance gates to Hyde Park , and the superb entrance to the Royal Gardens on the opposite side of the road . Throughout the whole , the chaste Grecian honey-suckle is introduced with very pleasing effect . Besides the new frontage , Apsley House has been considerably enlarged , and a slip of ground from Hyde Park added to the gardens . The ball-room , extending the whole depth of the mansion , is one of the most magnificent salons in the metropolis ; and a picture gallery is in progress . Altogether , the improvement is equally honourable to the genius of the architect , and the taste of the illustrious proprietor of the mansion ; for no foreigner can gainsay that Apsley House has the befitting splendour of a ducal , nay even of a royal palace . WATLING STREET . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) There has been much discussion among antiquaries respecting the etymology of an ancient Roman road , called the Watling Street Way , which commencing from Dover , traces its course to London , St. Alban 's , Weedon , over Bensford Bridge , [ 1 ] High Cross , Atherstone , Wall , Wroxeter , and Chester , from which last place a branch appears to point in nearly a straight direction through St. Asaph to Segontium , or Caer Seiont , Carnarvonshire . Another branch directs its course from Wroxeter to Manchester , York , Lancaster , Kendal , and Cockermouth . Hoveden thinks it was called the Watling Street from Wathe , or Wathla , a British king . Spelman fancies it was called Werlam Street , from its passing through Verulam . Somner derives the name from the Belgic Wentelen , volvere , versare se , a sinuosis flexibus . Baxter contends that it was made by the original Britons , Weteling , or Oedeling signifying in their language , originarius civis vel ingenuus . Stukeley 's opinion , in which he is joined by Whitaker , the Manchester historian , is , that it was the Guetheling road — Sarn Guethelin , or the road of the Irish , the G being pronounced as a W. Dr. Wilkes says , that it is more indented and crooked than other Roman Roads usually are , and supposes that it was formed of Wattles , which was the idea also of Pointer . Mr. Duff is not pleased with the opinion of Camden , that it derives its name from an unknown Vitellianus , but conjectures that its etymology is from the Saxon Wadla , a poor man , a beggar , because such people resorted to this road for the charity of travellers . Among so many crude and discordant opinions , I shall endeavour to substitute another more consistent with the true etymology of the word . I agree with the historian of Manchester , that the Roman stations were prior to the roads , and that the latter were only the channels of communication to the former . The stations commenced during the conquest of the country , and all of them were completed at the conclusion of it . The roads therefore could not be constructed till the first or second summer after the stations were established . Whoever has attentively observed the line or direction of the Watling Street , must be convinced of the truth of the foregoing observations ; and the deviation from a straight line , which in many parts is so apparent , and so evidently made to enable the Romans to pass from one station to another , may be considered conclusive upon this point . I therefore have no hesitation in asserting , that the Watling Street Way is a Roman road , and probably planned and formed by Vespasian , the celebrated Roman general in Britain , who named this road in compliment to the emperor , Vitellius , Vitellii Strata Via , Watling Street Way . Suetonius , in his Life of Vespasian , says , ( chapter 4 ,) “ Claudio principe , Narcissi grati â, legatus in Germaniam missus est ( Vespasianus ;) inde in Britanniam translatus , tricies cum hoste conflixit . Duas validissimas gentes , superq viginti oppida , et insulam Vectam Britanniae proximam , in deditionem redegit , partim Auli Plautii legati , partim Claudii ipsius ductu . Quare triumphalia ornamenta , et in spatio brevi , duplex sacerdotium accepit , praeterea consulatum , quem gessit per duos novissimos anni menses . ” Or , “ In the reign of Claudius , by the interest of Narcissus , [ 2 ] he ( Vespasian ) was sent lieutenant general of a legion into Germany , from whence being removed into Britain , he engaged the enemy in thirty distinct battles , and subjected to the power of the Romans two very strong nations , and above twenty great towns , and the Isle of Wight , upon the coast of Britain , partly under the command of Aulus Plautius , and partly under that of Claudius himself . In reward for these noble services he received the triumphal ornaments , and in a short time after , two priest 's offices , besides the consulship , which he held for the two last months of the year . ” The same author , in his Life of Vitellius , seems to strengthen or rather establish the conjecture of its being the Vitellii Strata Via , for he says , ( chapter 1 ,) “ indicia , stirpis ( Vitelliorum ) diu mansisse , Viam Vitelliam ab Janiculo ad mare usque , item coloniam ejusdem nominis . ” Or , “ Some monuments of the family continued a long time , as the Vitellian Way , reaching from the Janiculum to the sea , and likewise a colony of that name . ” From the abovementioned extracts , it seems not improbable that one of the thirty battles mentioned by Suetonius , might have been fought during the time the Romans were forming this road through the Forest of Arden , which extended from Henley , in Warwickshire , to Market Harborough , in Leicestershire ; and that it was called in compliment to Vitellius , the Vitellian Way , afterwards corrupted to the Watling Way . This road from the Avon , which it passes at Dove Bridge , to the Anker , near Atherstone , forms the boundary between the counties of Leicester and Warwick . In the month of June , 1824 , numerous skulls and bones were discovered in a line from the intersection of the road that leads from Rugby to Lutterworth , with the Watling Street to Benones or Bensford Bridge , the distance not being more than half a mile . These bones were lying about two feet below the surface of the ground . Many fragments of shields , spear heads , knives , and a sword , [ 3 ] placed by the side of a skeleton , and at one end touching a funereal urn , [ 4 ] and likewise several drinking cups , or small vessels , apparently formed of half-baked clay , with clasps both of silver and brass , were found within the abovementioned distance . On the contrary side of the road were discovered beads , glass , and amber , but neither urns , spear-heads , or fragments of shields ; these relics , therefore , probably belonged to the Britons , who fell encountering the Romans , to prevent their forming a road through the Forest of Arden . There can be little doubt of a battle having been here fought , from the bones , urns , and tumuli discovered here and in the adjacent neighbourhood . “ In this parish ( Church Over , ” ) says Dugdale , “ upon the old Roman Way , called Watling Strete , is to be seen a very great tumulus , which is of that magnitude , that it puts travellers beside the usual road , ” and a Letter from Elias Ashmole to Sir Wm . Dugdale , [ 5 ] states , “ that about a mile from hence ( that is from Holywell Abbey , now the site of Caves Inn ,) there is a tumulus raised in the very middle of the high way , which methought was worth observing . ” This tumulus , in an ancient deed , is called the Pilgrim 's Low . It was removed in making the turnpike-road from Banbury to Lutterworth , about the year 1770 . In the plantations of Abraham Grimes , Esq ., within half a mile of the site of the former , is another tumulus of smaller dimensions , adjoining the road which leads from Rugby to Lutterworth . These were probably raised in honour of some military chiefs who were slain in the battle . Si quid novisti rectius istis Candidus imperti : si non , his utere mecum . [ 1 ] Probably a corruption of Benones Bridge , as it is within four miles of the Roman station , Benones , now High Cross . [ 2 ] Vitellius had great weight and influence in the reign of Claudius ; Vespasian at that time paid his court to the favourite , and also to Narcissus , the emperor 's freedman . [ 3 ] Now in the possession of the Rev . P. Homer , of Rugby . [ 4 ] In the possession of Mr. Matthew Bloxam , of the same place . [ 5 ] Edited by that distinguished and learned antiquary , Wm . Hamper , of Birmingham , Esq ., in his Life of Dugdale . R. R. B . THE PENDRILLS . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) I beg to correct the statement of W. W. in vol . xiii . page 419 , respecting this family . It is true that the pension did not expire at Richard Pendrill 's death — and it is also true that Dr. Pendrill died about the time as therein stated — but his son , John Pendrill , died at his own residence , near the Seahouses , Eastbourne , last year only , ( 1828 ,) leaving issue , one son by his first wife , ( named John ,) and one son and three daughters by his second wife ; his first son , John , now enjoys the pension of 100 marks , and is residing at the Gloucester Hotel , Old Steine , Brighton , in sound health . The privilege granted to this family under the title of “ Free Warren , ” is the liberty of shooting , hunting , fishing , & c. upon any of the King 's manors , and upon the manor on which the party enjoying this pension might reside ; and I am informed that a certain noble lord made some yearly payment or gift to the deceased , John , not to exercise that privilege on his manor in Sussex . The pension is payable out of , or secured upon , lands in four different counties , Worcestershire , Gloucestershire , Herefordshire , and Warwickshire , and entitles the party enjoying it to a vote in each of these counties ; but whether this has been acted upon , I cannot possibly say . I have seen in the possession of a branch of this loyal family , only a few days ago , a scarce print of the arms , & c. published in 1756 , under the regulation of the act of parliament ; besides other prints on the subject . This family , being commoners , is I believe , the only one which have supporters . [ 6 ] [ 6 ] Another correspondent , Amicus , states that the grant of the Pension was in the possession of the Rector of Cheriton , in Hampshire , and was “ lost by him to Government , a short time before his death , in the year 1825 . ” C. C . THE FRIENDS OF THE DEAD . ( For the Mirror .) They 've seen him laid , all cold and low ; They 've flung the flat stone o'er his breast : And Summer 's sun , and Winter 's snow May never mar his dreamless rest ! They 've left him to his long decay ; The banner waves above his head : Funereal is their rich array , But hark ! how speak they of the dead . In his own hall , they 've pledg 'd to him ‘ Mid mirth , and minstrelsy divine ; When , at the crystal goblet 's brim Hath flash 'd , the od'rous rosy wine ; When viands from all lands afar Have grac 'd the shining , sumptuous board , And now , they 'd prove their vaunted star , The Cobbold , of his priceless hoard . [ 7 ] Hark ! how they scandalize the dead ! They spake not thus ,— ( their patron here ) When they were proud to break his bread , To watch his faintest smile , and fear His latent frown ; they did not speak Of vices , follies , meanness : then A crime in him , had been , “ the freak Of youth , ” and “ worthiest he , of men ! ” Off with those garbs of woe , false friends ! Those sadden 'd visages , all feign 'd ! Or have ye yet , some golden ends To be , by Death 's own liv'ries gain 'd ? Ye mourn the dead forsooth ! who say That which should shame the lordly hall His late ancestral home ! Away ! And dream that he hath heard it all ! [ 7 ] Cobbold , in mining countries , especially Cornwall , is the legendary guardian spirit of the mine , and severe master of its treasures . In Germany , Sweden , & c. the Cobbold may be traced under various modifications and titles . M. L. B . The Cosmopolite . FOOD OF VARIOUS NATIONS . ( Conclusion .) The diet of the Frenchman , is chiefly vegetable , and his frogs are rarities reserved for the delectation of the opulent , and answering , in some degree , to the brains and tongues of singing-birds amongst ancient epicures ; since , after being subjected to a peculiar process of fattening and purifying , only the legs of these animals are eaten . Light wines , beer , sugar and water , strong coffee , and a variety of delicious liqueurs , are drunk by the French , but they have shown themselves capable of conforming to the English taste in a relish for stronger potations . Spaniards of all ranks , use fruit , vegetables , fish , and olives , for their principal diet , and oil and garlic are used plentifully in their culinary operations ; chocolate is their chief beverage , but at dinner ladies drink nothing but water , and gentlemen a little wine . The fare of the Portuguese peasantry is meagre in the extreme , although , they are , in fact , surrounded with the abundant luxuries of nature ; a piece of black bread and a pickled pilchard , or head of garlic , is their usual subsistence , but a salted cod is a feast . In Italy , ice-water and lemonade are luxuries essential to the existence of all classes , and the inferior ones , who never inebriate themselves with spirituous liquors , can procure them at a cheap rate ; macaroni and fruit are chief articles of food , but the Italians are great gourmands , and delight in dishes swimming in oil , which , to an English ear , sounds very disgustingly ; however , it must be remembered , that oil in Italy is so pure and fresh , that it answers every purpose of our newest butter . A gentleman who had resided some time in this country , informs us , that by the Italians , puppy-broth was reckoned a sovereign remedy in some slight indispositions , and that he has constantly seen in the markets young dogs skinned for sale . Of the Turks , the ordinary food is rice , sometimes boiled with gravy , and sometimes made into pilan ; a kind of curry composed of mutton and fowl stewed to rags , and highly seasoned gravy . This is eaten with their fingers , since they have neither knives nor forks , and the Koran prohibits the use of gold and silver spoons . Coffee and sherbet are their ordinary beverages , and by the higher classes of “ the faithful , ” wine is drunk in private , but an intoxication of a singular and destructive description , is produced by opium , which the Turks chew in immoderate quantities . The food of the Circassians consists of a little meat , millet-paste , and a kind of beer fermented from millet . The Tartars are not fond of beef and veal , but admire horse-flesh ; they prefer to drink , before any thing else , mare 's milk , and produce from it , by keeping it in sour skins , a strong spirit termed koumiss . The Jakutians ( a Tartar tribe ) esteem horse-flesh as the greatest possible dainty ; they eat raw the fat of horses and oxen , and drink melted butter with avidity ; but bread is rare . The favourite food of the Kalmuc Tartars is horse-flesh , eaten raw sometimes , but commonly dried in the sun ; dogs , cats , rats , marmots , and other small animals and vermin are also eaten by them ; but neither vegetables , bread nor fruits ; and they drink koumiss ; than which , scarcely any thing can be more disgusting , except , perhaps , that beverage of the South Sea islanders , prepared by means of leaves being masticated by a large company , and spit into a bowl of water . The diet of the Kamtschatdales , is chiefly fish , variously prepared ; huigal , which is neither more nor less than fish laid in a pit until putrid , is a luxury with this people ! They are fond of caviar , made of roes of fish , and scarcely less disgusting than huigal . A pound of dry caviar will last a Kamtschatdale on a journey for a considerable time , since he finds bread to eat with it in the bark of every birch and elder he meets with . These people boil the fat of the whale and walrus with roots of setage . A principal dish at their feasts , consists of various roots and berries pounded with caviar , and mixed with the melted fat of whale and seal . They are fond of spirits , but commonly drink water . For the Arabs , lizards and locusts , afford food , but with better articles . The Persians live like the Turks , or nearly so , but for the want of spoons , knives , and forks , their feasts , if the provisions are good in themselves , are disgusting ; besides which , the sofera , or cloth on which the dinner is spread , is , from a superstitious notion that changing is unlucky , so intolerably dirty and offensive in odour , that the stranger can scarcely endure to sit beside it . With the Chinese , rice is the “ staff of life , ” but all kinds of animal food are eagerly devoured ; and pedlars offering for sale rats , cats , and dogs , may be seen in the streets of Chinese towns . It is uncertain whether a depraved taste or lack of superior animal food , induces a really civilized people to devour such flesh . Weak tea , without sugar , or milk , is the common beverage of the Chinese ; in the use of ardent spirits they are moderate . The Peguese , worshipping crocodiles , will drink no water but from the ditches wherein those creatures abound , and consequently are frequently devoured by them . The Siamese , besides a variety of superior food , eat rats , lizards , and some kinds of insects . The Battas of Sumatra , prefer human flesh to all other , and speak with rapture of the soles of the feet and palms of the hands . Warm water is the usual beverage of the Manilla islanders . The Japanese , amongst other things , drink a kind of beer distilled from rice , and called sacki ; it is kept constantly warm , and drunk after every morsel they eat . Cocoa-nut milk and water , is the common beverage of the natives of the New Hebrides . In New Caledonia so great is the scarcity of food , that the natives make constant war for the sake of eating their prisoners , and sometimes , to assuage the cravings of hunger , they bind ligatures tightly round their bodies and swallow oleaginous earth . The New Zealanders are cannibals sometimes in a dearth , and to gratify a spirit of vengeance against their enemies . The New Hollanders , near the sea , subsist on fish eaten raw , or nearly so ; should a whale be cast ashore , it is never abandoned until its bones are picked ; their substitute for bread , and that which forms their chief subsistence , is a species of fern roasted , pounded between stones , and mixed with fish . The general beverage of the negro tribes is palm-wine . No disgust is evinced by the Bosjesman Hottentots at the most nauseous food , and having shot an animal with a poisoned arrow , their only precaution , previous to tearing it in pieces and devouring it raw , is to cut out the envenomed part . Half a dozen Bosjesmans , will eat a fat sheep in an hour ; they use no salt , and seldom drink anything , probably from the succulent nature of their food . The Caffres live chiefly on milk ; they have no poultry , nor do they eat eggs . When flesh is boiled , each member of a family helps himself from the kettle with a pointed stick , and eats it in his hand . Their substitute for bread , which is made of Caffre-corn , a sort of millet , is the pith of a palm , indigenous to the country . The Lattakoos eat , with equal zest , the flesh of elephants , rhinoceroses , tigers , giraffes , quaggas , & c .; and sometimes , under an idea that it confers valour , human flesh , of which they have otherwise great abhorrence . They are very disgusting in their manner of preparing food . The Abyssinians usually eat the flesh of cattle raw , and sometimes , although we believe the fact has been much controverted , immediately as it is cut from the living animals . The Bisharye , a tribe of Bedouin Arabs , eat raw flesh , drink raw sheep 's blood , and esteem the raw marrow of camels their greatest dainty . The Patagonians eat raw flesh with no regard to cleanliness . The Greenlanders subsist on fish , seals , and sea-fowls , prepared and devoured in manners truly disgusting ; train-oil is their sauce , and the blood of seals , their favourite beverage ! Some of the North American Indians diet on the flesh of the sea-dog , parts of the whale and its fat , and an oil made of the blubber of both of these animals . Whilst , singular is the contrast , some of the South American tribes , are able to digest monkeys , blackened in , and dried by fire , to such a degree of wood-like hardness , as to be rendered capable of keeping , we dare not say how long . Chacun à son gout , says one proverb , but we trust that the readers of this paper will , whenever they feel themselves inclined to quarrel with English fare , pause , and remember , another , viz . :— “ A man may go further and fare worse . ” M. L. B Manners & Customs of all Nations . SINGULAR TENURE . Among the records in the Tower of London , is one to the following effect :— King John gave several lands at Kipperton and Alterton , in Kent , to Solomon Atlefield to be held by this service :— “ That as often as the King should please to cross the sea , the said Solomon or his heirs , should be obliged to go with him , to hold his majesty 's head if there be occasion for it ; ” that is , should his majesty be sea-sick . And it appears by the record , that this same office of head-holding was accordingly performed afterwards , in the reign of Edward the First . R. S . BOROUGH-ENGLISH . ( For the Mirror .) The custom of the manor of Woodford , Essex , is Borough-English , by which the youngest son inherits . The origin of this custom has been a subject of much dispute ; but it appears to have prevailed greatly among the East Saxons . Dr . Plot conjectured , that it was introduced by the lord of the manor 's claiming the right of enjoying the bride , daughter of his tenant , on the wedding-night ; therefore the villain or slave , doubting whether the eldest son was his own , made the youngest his heir . This custom prevailed among the Ancient Britons before there were either Saxons or villains . By the laws of succession among the Ancient Britons , a man 's land at his death did not descend to his eldest son , but was equally divided among all his sons ; and when any dispute arose , it was determined by the Druids . The youngest son , it appears , was more favoured than the eldest or any of his brothers . “ When the brothers have divided their father 's estate , the youngest shall have the best house , with all the office-houses , the implements of husbandry , his father 's kettle , his axe for cutting wood , and his knife . These three last things the father cannot give away by gift , nor leave by his last will to any but his youngest son , and if they are pledged they shall be redeemed . ” To account for this law is not very difficult . The elder brothers of a family were supposed to have left their father 's house before his death , and obtained a house and necessaries of their own ; but the youngest , by reason of his tender age , was considered as more helpless , and not so well provided . Halbert H . STORM RAISING The dread of storm raisers is universally prevalent amongst the Italian peasantry , and especially in mountainous districts . A Danish botanist , journeying alone upon an ass through the mountains of Abruzzi , was involved in several perilous adventures by this superstitious terror of the peasantry . They had for some time seen him collecting plants amongst the unfrequented cliffs and ravines , and watched his proceedings with suspicious curiosity . A few days later their district was ravaged by a succession of storms , their suspicions grew into certainty , and , assembling in considerable numbers , they attacked the unconscious botanist with a volley of stones , and cursed him as a storm-raising enchanter . He made vehement protestations of his innocence , but the enraged peasants took forcible possession of his collection , which they minutely examined . Finding only some harmless leaves and blossoms , and no roots , their fury abated , and , although it was suggested by some that he had probably used the roots in his incantations , the unfortunate herbalist was at length dismissed with fierce menaces , that if he dared to take a single root from the ground , it would cost him his life . In the mountains near Rome , the peasants regard with suspicion a singular costume , a stern cast of countenance , or any striking personal formation , in the strangers who arrive there . All travellers , thus peculiarly marked , are supposed to be enchanters and treasure-seekers , and the young Germans , in their black dresses , untrimmed beards , and long hair , are especial objects of suspicion .— Blackwood 's Magazine . NEAPOLITAN SUPERSTITION . The Neapolitan sailors never go to sea without a box of small images or puppets , some of which are patron saints , inherited from their progenitors , while others are more modern , but of tried efficacy in the hour of peril . When a storm overtakes the vessel , the sailors leave her to her fate , and bring upon deck the box of saints , one of which is held up , and loudly prayed to for assistance . The storm , however , increases , and the obstinate or powerless saint is vehemently abused , and thrown upon the deck . Others are held up , prayed to , abused , and thrown down in succession , until the heavens become more propitious . The storm abates , all danger disappears , the saint last prayed to acquires the reputation of miraculous efficacy , and , after their return to Naples , is honoured with prayers .— Ibid . The Naturalist . LENGTH AND FINENESS OF THE SILKWORM 'S WEB , & c . Baker in The Microscope made Easy , says , “ A silkworm 's web being examined , appeared perfectly smooth and shining , every where equal , and much finer than any thread the best spinster in the world can make , as the smallest twine is finer than the thickest cable . A pod of this silk being wound off , was found to contain 930 yards ; but it is proper to take notice , that as two threads are glewed together by the worm through its whole length , it makes double the above number , or 1 , 860 yards ; which being weighed with the utmost exactness , were found no heavier than two grains and a half . What an exquisite fineness is here ! and yet , this is nothing when compared with the web of a small spider , or even with the silk that issued from the mouth of this very worm , when but newly hatched from the egg . ” Under the article Silk , in Rees 's Cyclopaedia , the writer says , “ that those who have examined it attentively , think they speak within compass , when they affirm that each ball contains silk enough to reach the length of six English miles . ” Baker tells us , “ not to neglect the skins these animals cast off three times before they begin to spin ; for the eyes , mouth , teeth , ornaments of the head , and many other parts may be discovered better in the cast-off skins than in the real animal . ” P. T. W . CUCKOO Mr. Jerdan , editor of the Literary Gazette , in a letter to Mr. Loudon , says , “ about fifteen years ago I obtained a cuckoo from the nest of ( I think ) a hedge sparrow , at Old Brompton , where I then resided . It was rather curious , as being within ten yards of my house , Cromwell Cottage , and in a narrow and much frequented lane , leading from near Gloucester Lodge to Kensington . This bird I reared and kept alive till late in January ; when it fell suddenly from its perch , while feeding on a rather large dew worm . It was buried : but I had , long afterwards , strange misgivings , that my poor feathered favourite was only choked by his food , or in a fit of some kind — his apparent death was so extremely unexpected from his health and liveliness at the time . I assure you that I regretted my loss much , my bird being in full plumage and a very handsome creature . He was quite tame , for in autumn I used to set him on a branch of a tree in the garden , while I dug worms for him to dine upon , and he never attempted more than a short friendly flight . During the coldest weather , and it was rather a sharp winter , my only precaution was , nearly to cover his cage with flannel ; and when I used to take it off , more or less , on coming into my breakfast room in the morning , I was recognised by him with certainly not all the cry “ unpleasant to a married ear , ” but with its full half “ Cuck ! Cuck ! ” — the only sounds or notes I ever heard from my bird . Though trifling , these facts may be so far curious as illustrating the natural history of a remarkable genus , and I have great pleasure in offering them for your excellent Journal . ” Mag . Nat . Hist . MUSICAL SNAILS . As I was sitting in my room , on the first floor , about nine P. M. ( 4th of October last ) , I was surprised with what I supposed to be the notes of a bird , under or upon the sill of a window . My impression was , that they somewhat resembled the notes of a wild duck in its nocturnal flight , and , at times , the twitter of a redbreast , in quick succession . To be satisfied on the subject , I carefully removed the shutter , and , to my surprise , found it was a garden snail , which , in drawing itself along the glass , had produced sounds similar to those elicited from the musical glasses .— Ibid . BEWICK . In the museum at Newcastle are many of the identical specimens from which the illustrious townsman Bewick drew his figures for the wood-cuts which embellish his unique and celebrated work . This truly amiable man , and , beyond all comparison , greatest genius Newcastle has ever produced , died on the 8th of November last , in the 76th year of his age . He continued to the last in the enjoyment of all his faculties ; his single-heartedness and enthusiasm not a jot abated , and his wonder-working pencil still engaged in tracing , with his wonted felicity and fidelity , those objects which had all his life afforded him such delight , and which have charmed , and must continue to charm , all those who have any relish for the pure and simple beauties of nature .— Ibid . The Argonaut , or Paper Nautilus . Learn of the little Nautilus to sail , Spread the thin oar , and catch the driving gale . This species of shell-fish , ( see the cut ,) is named from Argonautes , the companions of Jason , in the celebrated ship , Argo , and from the Latin naus , a ship ; the shells of all the Nautili having the appearance of a ship with a very high poop . The shell of this interesting creature is no thicker than paper , and divided into forty compartments or chambers , through every one of which a portion of its body passes , connected as it were , by a thread . In the cut it is represented as sailing , when it expands two of its arms on high , and between these supports a membrane which serves as a sail , hanging the two other arms out of its shell , to serve as oars , the office of steerage being generally served by the tail . The shell of the Nautilus being exceedingly thin and fragile , the tenant has many enemies , and among others the Trochus who makes war on it with unrelenting fury . Pursued by this cruel foe , it ascends to the top of the water , spreads its little sail to catch the flying breeze , and rowing with all its might , scuds along , like a galley in miniature , and often escapes its more cumbrous pursuer . Sometimes , however , all will not do , the Trochus nears and nears , and escape appears impossible ; but when the little animal , with inexplicable ingenuity , suddenly and secretly extricates itself from its tortuous and fragile dwelling , the Trochus immediately turns to other prey . The Nautilus then returns to tenant and repair its little bark ; but it too often happens , that before he can regain it , it is by a species of shipwreck , dashed to pieces on the shore . Thus wretchedly situated , this hero of the testaceous tribe seeks some obscure corner “ where to die , ” but which seldom , if ever , happens , until after he has made extraordinary exertions to establish himself anew . What a fine picture of virtue nobly struggling with misfortune . [ 8 ] When the sea is calm , whole fleets of these Nautili may be seen diverting themselves ; but when a storm rises , or they are disturbed , they draw in their legs , take in as much water as makes them specifically heavier , than that in which they float , and then sink to the bottom . When they rise again they void this water by numerous holes , of which their legs are full . The other species of Nautilus , whose shell is thick , never quits that habitation . The shells of both varieties are exceedingly beautiful when polished , and produce high prices among Conchologists . It is easy to conceive that the ingenious habits of this wonderful creature may have suggested to man the power of sailing upon the sea , and of the various apparatus by which he effects that object . The whole creation abounds with similar instances of Nature ministering to the proud purposes of art : one of them , the origin of the Gothic Arch from the “ high o'erarching groves , ” is mentioned by Warburton , in his Divine Legation , and is a sublime lesson for besotted man . [ 8 ] Magazine of Natural History , No. 1 . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . VIDOCQ . We have abridged one of the most striking chapters in the very extraordinary history of Vidocq ; premising that the interest of the adventure will compensate for the space it here occupies . A short time before the first invasion ( 1814 ) , M. Senard , one of the richest jewellers of the Palais Royal , having gone to pay a visit to his friend the Cur è of Livry , found him in one of those perplexities which are generally caused by the approach of our good friends the enemy . He was anxious to secrete from the rapacity of the cossacks first the consecrated vessels , and then his own little treasures . After much hesitation , although in his situation he must have been used to interments , Monsieur le Cur è decided on burying the objects which he was anxious to save , and M. Senard , who , like the other gossips and misers , imagined that Paris would be given over to pillage , determined to cover up , in a similar way , the most precious articles in his shop . It was agreed that the riches of the pastor and those of the jeweller should be deposited in the same hole . But , then , who was to dig the said hole ? One of the singers in church was the very pearl of honest fellows , father Moiselet , and in him every confidence could be reposed . He would not touch a penny that did not belong to him . The hole , made with much skill , was soon ready to receive the treasure which it was intended to preserve , and six feet of earth were cast on the specie of the Cur è, to which were united diamonds worth 100 , 000 crowns , belonging to M. Senard , and enclosed in a small box . The hollow filled up , the ground was so well flattened , that one would have betted with the devil that it had not been stirred since the creation . “ This good Moiselet , ” said M. Senard , rubbing his hands , “ has done it all admirably . Now , gentlemen cossacks , you must have fine noses if you find it out ! ” At the end of a few days the allied armies made further progress , and clouds of Kirguiz , Kalmucs , and Tartars , of all hordes and all colours , appeared in the environs of Paris . These unpleasant guests are , it is well known , very greedy for plunder : they made , every where , great ravages ; they passed no habitation without exacting tribute : but in their ardour for pillage they did not confine themselves to the surface , all belonged to them to the centre of the globe ; and that they might not be frustrated in their pretensions , these intrepid geologists made a thousand excavations , which , to the regret of the naturalists of the country , proved to them , that in France the mines of gold or silver are not so deep as in Peru . Such a discovery was well calculated to give them additional energy ; they dug with unparalleled activity , and the spoil they found in many places of concealment threw the Croesuses of many cantons into perfect despair . The cursed Cossacks ! But yet the instinct which so surely led them to the spot where treasure was hidden , did not guide them to the hiding place of the Cur è. It was like the blessing of heaven , each morning the sun rose and nothing new ; nothing new when it set . Most decidedly the finger of heaven must be recognised in the impenetrability of the mysterious inhumation performed by Moiselet . M. Senard was so fully convinced of it , that he actually mingled thanksgivings with the prayers which he made for the preservation and repose of his diamonds . Persuaded that his vows would be heard , in growing security he began to sleep more soundly , when one fine day , which was , of all days in the week , a Friday , Moiselet , more dead than alive , ran to the Cur è' s . “ Ah , sir , I can scarcely speak . ” “ What 's the matter , Moiselet ? ” “ I dare not tell you . Poor M. le Cur è, this affects me deeply , I am paralyzed . If my veins were open not a drop of blood would flow . ” “ What is the matter ? You alarm me . ” “ The hole . ” “ Mercy ! I want to learn no more . Oh , what a terrible scourge is war ! Jeanneton , Jeanneton , come quickly , my shoes and hat . ” “ But , sir , you have not breakfasted . ” “ Oh , never mind breakfast . ” “ You know , sir , when you go out fasting you have such spasms ——. ” “ My shoes , I tell you . ” “ And then you complain of your stomach . ” “ I shall have no want of a stomach again all my life . Never any more — no , never — ruined . ” “ Ruined — Jesu — Maria ! Is it possible ? Ah ! sir , run then ,— run —. ” Whilst the Cur è dressed himself in haste , and , impatient to buckle the strap , could scarcely put on his shoes , Moiselet , in a most lamentable tone , told him what he had seen . “ Are you sure of it ? ” said the Cur è, perhaps they did not take all . ” “ Ah , sir , God grant it , but I had not courage enough to look . ” They went together towards the old barn , when they found that the spoliation had been complete . Reflecting on the extent of his loss , the Cur è nearly fell to the ground . Moiselet was in a most pitiable state ; the dear man afflicted himself more than if the loss had been his own . It was terrific to hear his sighs and groans . This was the result of love to one 's neighbour . M. Senard little thought how great was the desolation at Livry . What was his despair on receiving the news of the event ! In Paris the police is the providence of people who have lost any thing . The first idea , and the most natural one , that occurred to M. Senard was , that the robbery had been committed by the Cossacks , and , in such a case , the police could not avail him materially ; but M. Senard took care not to suspect the Cossacks . One Monday when I was in the office of M. Henry , I saw one of those little abrupt , brisk men enter , who , at the first glance , we are convinced are interested and distrustful : it was M. Senard , who briefly related his mishap , and concluded by saying , that he had strong suspicions of Moiselet . M. Henry thought also that he was the author of the robbery , and I agreed with both . “ It is very well , ” he said , “ but still our opinion is only founded on conjecture , and if Moiselet keeps his own counsel we shall have no chance of convicting him . It will be impossible . ” “ Impossible ! ” cried M. Senard , “ what will become of me ? No , no , I shall not vainly implore your succour . Do not you know all ? can you not do all when you choose ? My diamonds ! my poor diamonds ! I will give one hundred thousand francs to get them back again . ” Vidocq promises to recover the jewels , and the jeweller offers him 10 , 000 francs . In spite of successive abatements of M. Senard , in proportion as he believed the discovery probable , I promised to exert every effort in my power to effect the desired result . But before any thing could be undertaken , it was necessary that a formal complaint should be made ; and M. Senard and the Cur è, thereupon , went to Pontoise , and the declaration being consequently made , and the robbery stated , Moiselet was taken up and interrogated . They tried every means to make him confess his guilt ; but he persisted in avowing himself innocent , and , for lack of proof to the contrary , the charge was about to be dropped altogether , when to preserve it for a time , I set an agent of mine to work . He , clothed in a military uniform , with his left arm in a sling , went with a billet to the house where Moiselet 's wife lived . He was supposed to have just left the hospital , and was only to stay at Livry for forty-eight hours ; but a few moments after his arrival , he had a fall , and a pretended sprain suddenly occurred , which put it out of his power to continue his route . It was then indispensable for him to delay , and the mayor decided that he should remain with the cooper 's wife until further orders . The cooper 's wife was charmed with his many little attentions . The soldier could write , and became her secretary ; but the letters which she addressed to her dear husband were of a nature not to compromise her — not the least expression that can have a twofold construction — it was innocence corresponding with innocence . At length , after a few day 's experience , I was convinced that my agent , in spite of his talent , would draw no profit from his mission . I then resolved to manoeuvre in person , and , disguised as a travelling hawker , I began to visit the environs of Livry . I was one of those Jews who deal in every thing ,— clothes , jewels , & c. & c .; and I took in exchange gold , silver , jewels , in fact , all that was offered me . An old female robber , who knew the neighbourhood perfectly , accompanied me in my tour : she was the widow of a celebrated thief , Germain Boudier , called Father Latuil , who , after having undergone half-a-dozen sentences , died at last at Saint Pelagie . I flattered myself that Madame Moiselet , seduced by her eloquence , and by our merchandize , would bring out the store of the Cur è' s crowns , some brilliant of the purest water , nay , even the chalice or paten , in case the bargain should be to her liking . My calculation was not verified ; the cooper 's wife was in no haste to make a bargain , and her coquetry did not get the better of her . The Jew hawker was soon metamorphosed into a German servant ; and under this disguise I began to ramble about the vicinity of Pontoise , with a design of being apprehended . I sought out the gendarmes , whilst I pretended to avoid them ; but they , thinking I wished to get away from them , demanded a sight of my papers . Of course I had none , and they desired me to accompany them to a magistrate , who , knowing nothing of the jargon in which I replied to his questions , desired to know what money I had ; and a search was forthwith commenced in his presence . My pockets contained some money and valuables , the possession of which seemed to astonish him . The magistrate , as curious as a commissary , wished to know how they came into my hands ; and I sent him to the devil with two or three Teutonic oaths , of the most polished kind ; and he , to teach me better manners another time , sent me to prison . Once more the iron bolts were drawn upon me . At the moment of my arrival , the prisoners were playing in the prison yard , and the jailer introduced me amongst them in these terms , “ I bring you a murderer of the parts of speech ; understand him if you can . ” They immediately flocked about me , and I was accosted with salutations of Landsman and Meinheer without end . During this reception , I looked out for the cooper of Livry . He meets with him . “ Mossi é, Mossi é, ” I said , addressing the prisoner , who seemed to think I said Moiselet , “ Mossi é Fine Hapit , ( not knowing his name , I so designated him , because his coat was the colour of flesh ,) sacrement , ter teufle , no tongue to me ; yer Fran ç ois , I miseraple , I trink vine ; faut trink for gelt , plack vine . ” I pointed to his hat , which was black ; he did not understand me ; but on making a gesture that I wanted to drink , he found me perfectly intelligible . All the buttons of my great coat were twenty-franc pieces ; I gave him one : he asked if they had brought the wine , and soon afterwards I heard a turnkey say , “ Father Moiselet , I have taken up two bottles for you . ” The flesh-coloured coat was then Moiselet . I followed him into his room , and we began to drink with all our might . Two other bottles arrived ; we only went on in couples . Moiselet , in his capacity of chorister , cooper , sexton , & c. & c. was no less a sot than gossip ; he got tipsy with great good-will , and incessantly spoke to me in the jargon I had assumed . Matters progressed well ; after two or three hours such as these I pretended to get stupid . Moiselet , to set me to rights , gave me a cup of coffee without sugar ; after coffee came glasses of water . No one can conceive the care which my new friend took of me ; but when drunkenness is of such a nature it is like death — all care is useless . Drunkenness overpowered me . I went to bed and slept ; at least Moiselet thought so ; but I saw him many times fill my glass and his own , and gulp them both down . The next day , when I awoke , he paid me the balance , three francs and fifty centimes , which , according to him , remained from the twenty-franc piece . I was an excellent companion ; Moiselet found me so , and never quitted me . I finished the twenty-franc piece with him , and then produced one of forty francs , which vanished as quickly . When he saw it drunk out also he feared it was the last . “ Your button again , ” said he to me , in a tone of extreme anxiety , and yet very comical . I showed him another coin . “ Ah , your large button again , ” he shouted out , jumping for joy . This button went the same way as all the other buttons , until at length , by dint of drinking together , Moiselet understood and spoke my language almost as well as I did myself , and we could then disclose our troubles to each other . Moiselet was very curious to know my history , and that which I trumped up was exactly adapted to inspire the confidence I wished to create . “ My master and I come to France — I was tomestic — master of mein Austrian marechal — Austrian with de gelt in family . Master always roving , always gay , joint regiment at Montreau . Montreau , oh , mein Gott , great , great pattle — many sleep no more but in death . Napoleon coom — poum , poum go gannon . Prusse , Austrian , Rousse all disturb . I , too , much disturb . Go on my ways with master mein , with my havresac on mein horse — poor teufel was I — but there was gelt in it . Master mein say , ‘ Galop , Fritz . ’ I called Fritz in home mein . Fritz galop to Pondi — there halt Fritz — place havresac not visible ; and if I get again to Yarmany with havresac , me rich becomen , mistress mein rich , father mein rich , you too rich . ” Although the narrative was not the cleverest in the world , father Moiselet swallowed it all as gospel ; he saw well that during the battle of Montereau , I had fled with my master 's portmanteau , and hidden it in the forest of Bondy . The confidence did not astonish him , and had the effect of acquiring for me an increase of his affection . This augmentation of friendship , after a confession which exposed me as a thief , proved to me that he had an accommodating conscience . I thenceforth remained convinced that he knew better than any other person what had become of the diamonds of M. Senard , and that it only depended on him to give me full and accurate information . One evening , after a good dinner , I was boasting to him of the delicacies of the Rhine : he heaved a deep sigh , and then asked me if there was good wine in that country . “ Yes , yes , ” I answered , “ goot vine and charming girl . ” “ Charming girl too ! ” “ Ya , ya . ” “ Landsman , shall I go with you . ” “ Ya , ya , me grat content . ” “ Ah , you content , well ! I quit France , yield the old woman , ( he showed me by his fingers that Madame Moiselet was three-and-thirty ,) and in your land I take little girl no more as fifteen years . ” “ Ya , bien , a girl no infant : a ! you is a brave lad . ” Moiselet returned more than once to his project of emigration ; he thought seriously of it , but to emigrate liberty was requisite , and they were not inclined to let us go out . I suggested to him that he should escape with me on the first opportunity — and when he had promised me that we would not separate , not even to take a last adieu of his wife , I was certain that I should soon have him in my toils . This certainly was the result of very simple reasoning . Moiselet , said I to myself , will follow me to Germany : people do not travel or live on air : he relies on living well there : he is old , and , like king Solomon , proposes to tickle his fancy with some little Abishag of Sunem . Oh , father Moiselet has found the black hen ; here he has no money , therefore his black hen is not here ; but where is she ? We shall soon learn , for we are to be henceforward inseparable . As soon as my man had made all his reflections , and that , with his head full of his castles in Germany , he had so soon resolved to expatriate himself , I addressed to the king 's attorney-general a letter , in which , making myself known as the superior agent of the Police de S û ret é, I begged him to give an order that I should be sent away with Moiselet , he to go to Livry , and I to Paris . We did not wait long for the order , and the jailer announced it to us , on the eve of its being put into execution ; and I had the night before me to fortify Moiselet in his resolutions . He persisted in them more strongly than ever , and acceded with rapture to the proposition I made him of effecting an escape from our escort as soon as it was feasible . So anxious was he to commence his journey , that he could not sleep . At daybreak , I gave him to understand that I took him for a thief as well as myself . “ Ah , ah , grip also , ” said I to him , “ deep , deep Fran ç ois , you not spoken , but tief all as von . ” He made me no answer ; but when , with my fingers squeezed together à la Normande , he saw me make a gesture of grasping something , he could not prevent himself from smiling , with that bashful expression of Yes , which he had not courage to utter . The hypocrite had some shame about him , the shame of a devotee . I was understood . At length the wished-for moment of departure came , which was to enable us to accomplish our designs . Moiselet was ready three whole hours beforehand , and to give him courage , I had not neglected to push about the wine and brandy , and he did not leave the prison until after having received all his sacraments . We were tied with a very thin cord , and on our way he made me a signal that there would be no difficulty in breaking it . He did not think that he should break the charm which had till then preserved him . The further we went the more he testified that he placed his hopes of safety in me ; at each minute he reiterated a prayer that I would not abandon him ; and I as often replied , “ Ya , Fran ç ois , ya , I not leave you . ” At length the decisive moment came , the cord was broken . I leaped a ditch , which separated us from a thicket . Moiselet , who seemed young again , jumped after me : one of the gendarmes alighted to follow us , but to run and jump in jack-boots and with a heavy sword was difficult ; and whilst he made a circuit to join us , we disappeared in a hollow , and were soon lost to view . A path into which we struck led us to the wood of Vaujours . There Moiselet stopped , and having looked carefully about him , went towards some bushes . I saw him then stoop , plunge his arm into a thick tuft , whence he took out a spade : arising quickly , he went on some paces without saying a word ; and when we reached a birch tree , several of the boughs of which I observed were broken , he took off his hat and coat , and began to dig . He went to work with so much good-will , that his labour rapidly advanced . Suddenly he stooped down , and then escaped from him that ha ! which betokens satisfaction , and which informed me , without the use of a conjuror 's rod , that he had found his treasure . I thought the cooper would have fainted ; but recovering himself , he made two or three more strokes with his spade , and the box was exposed to view . I seized on the instrument of his toil , and suddenly changing my language , declared , in very good French , that he was my prisoner . “ No resistance , ” I said , “ or I will cleave your skull in two . ” At this threat he seemed in a dream ; but when he knew that he was gripped by that iron hand which had subdued the most vigorous malefactors , he was convinced that it was no vision . Moiselet was as quiet as a lamb . I had sworn not to leave him , and kept my word . During the journey to the station of the brigade of gendarmerie , where I deposited him , he frequently cried out , “ I am done — who could have thought it ? and he had such a simple look too ! ” At the assizes of Versailles , Moiselet was sentenced to six months ’ solitary confinement . M. Senard was overpowered with joy at having recovered his hundred thousand crowns worth of diamonds . Faithful to his system of abatement , he reduced the reward one-half ; and still there was difficulty in getting five thousand francs from him , out of which I had been compelled to expend more than two thousand : in fact , at one moment I really thought I should have been compelled to bear the expenses myself . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS THE TOYMAN IS ABROAD . “ En fait d'inutilit é s , il ne faut que le n é cessaire . ” CHAMPFORT . There is no term in political philosophy more ambiguous and lax in its meaning than Luxury . In Ireland , salt with a potato is , by the peasant , placed in this category . Among the Cossacks , a clean shirt is more than a luxury — it is an effeminacy ; and a Scotch nobleman is reported to have declared , that the act of scratching one 's self is a luxury too great for any thing under royalty . The Russians ( there is no disputing on tastes ) hold train-oil to be a prime luxury ; and I remember seeing a group of them following an exciseman on the quays at Dover to plunder the oil casks , as they were successively opened for his operations . A poor Finland woman , who for her sins had married an Englishman and followed him to this country , was very glad to avail herself of her husband 's death to leave a land where the people were so unhappy as to be without a regular supply of seal 's flesh for their dinner . While the good man lived , her affection for him somewhat balanced her hankering after this native luxury ; but no sooner was the husband dead , than her lawyer-like propensity re-assumed its full force , and , like Proteus released from his chains , she abandoned civilized life to get back to her favourite shores , to liberty , and the animals of her predilection . “ If I were rich , ” said a poor farmer 's boy , “ I would eat fat pudding , and ride all day on a gate ; ” which was evidently his highest idea of human luxury . But it is less with the quality of our indulgences , than their extent , that I have now to treat . Diogenes , who prided himself on cutting his coat according to his cloth , and thought himself a greater man , in proportion as he diminished his wants , placed his luxuries in idleness and sunshine , and seems to have relished these enjoyments with as much sensuality as Plato did his fine house and delicate fare . Even he was more reasonable than those sectarians , who have prevailed in almost all religions , and who , believing that the Deity created man for the express purpose of inflicting upon him every species of torture , have inveighed against the most innocent gratifications , and have erected luxury into a deadly sin . These theologians will not allow a man to eat his breakfast with a relish ; and impute it as a vice if he smacks his lips , though it be but after a draught of water . Nay , there have been some who have thought good roots and Adam 's ale too great luxuries for a Christian lawfully to indulge in ; and they have purposely ill-cooked their vegetables , and mixed them with ashes , and even more disgusting things , to mortify the flesh , as they called it — i. e . to offer a sacrifice of their natural feelings to the demon of which they have made a god . Of late years , more especially , our ideas on this subject have much enlarged ; and all ranks of Englishmen hold an infinity of objects as prime necessaries , which their more modest ancestors ranked as luxuries , fit only for their betters to enjoy . This should be a matter of sincere rejoicing to all true patriots ; because it affords indubitable evidence of the progress of civilization . A civilized gentleman differs from a savage , principally in the multiplicity of his wants ; and Mandeville , in his fable of the bees , has proved to demonstration that extravagance is the mother of commerce . What , indeed , are steam-engines , macadamized roads , man-traps that break no bones , patent cork-screws , and detonating fowling-pieces , safety coaches and cork legs , but luxuries , at which a cynic would scoff ; yet how could a modern Englishman get on without them ? It is perfectly true that our Henries and Edwards contrived to beat their enemies unassisted by these inventions . Books , likewise , which were a luxury scarcely known to the wisdom of our ancestors , are a luxury now so indispensable , that there is hardly a mechanic who has not his little library : while a piano forte also has become as necessary to a farm-house as a mangle or a frying-pan ; and there are actually more copies printed of “ Cherry ripe , ” than of Tull 's husbandry . Is not a silver fork , moreover , an acknowledged necessary in every decent establishment ? while the barbarous Mussulman dispenses with knives and forks altogether , and eats his meal , like a savage as he is , with his fingers . Nor can it be deemed an objection to this hypothesis , that the Turk , who rejects all the refinements of European civilization , excepting only gunpowder , esteems four wives to be necessary to a decent establishment ; while the most clear-sighted Englishmen think one more than enough for enjoyment . The difference is more formal than real . Henry the fourth of France had but one coach between himself and his queen ; whereas no respectable person can now dispense at the least with a travelling chariot , a barouche , a cab , and a dennet . Civilization , which received a temporary check during the revolutionary war , has resumed its march in double-quick time since the Continent has been opened . Champaigne and ices have now become absolute necessaries at tables where a bottle of humble port and a supernumerary pudding were esteemed luxuries , fit only for honouring the more solemn rites of hospitality . I say nothing of heads of hair , and false ( I beg pardon — artificial ) teeth ; without which , at a certain age , there is no appearing . A bald head , at the present day , is as great an indecency as Humphrey Clinker 's unmentionables ; and a dismantled mouth is an outrage on well-bred society . Then , again , how necessary is a cigar and a meerschaum to a well-appointed man of fashion , and how can a gentleman possibly show at Melton without at least a dozen hunters , and two or three hacks , to ride to cover ! Yet no one in his senses would tax these things as luxuries ; or would blame his friend for getting into the King 's Bench for their indulgence . Even the most austere judges of the land , and the most jealous juries of tradesmen , have borne ample testimony to the reasonableness of this modern extension of the wants of life , by the liberal allowance of necessaries which they have sanctioned in the tailors ’ bills of litigating minors . This liberality , indeed , follows , as consequence follows cause . Some one has found , or invented , a story of a shipwrecked traveller 's hailing the gallows as the sure token of a civilized community . But the jest is by no means a ben trovato ; the member of gibbets being inversely as the perfection of social institutions ; and if any one object , that England , while it is the best-governed country in Europe — its envy and admiration — is also a hanging community par excellence , I must beg to remind him of the intense interest which an English public feels in the victims of capital punishment , in the Thurtells and the Fauntleroys ; as also of the universal conviction prevailing in England , that the gallows is a short and sure cut to everlasting happiness . From all this , if there is any force in logic , we must conclude , that hanging , in this country , is only applied honoris caus â, as an ovation , in consideration of the great and magnanimous daring of the Alexanders and Caesars on a small scale , to whom the law adjudges the “ palmam qui meruit ferat . ” The real and true test of a refined polity is not the gallows ; but is to be found rather in such well-imagined insolvent laws , as discharge a maximum of debt with a minimum of assets ; and rid a gentleman annually of his duns , with the smallest possible quantity of corporeal inconvenience . When luxuries become necessaries , insolvency is the best safety-valve to discharge the surplus dishonesty of the people , which , if pent up , would explode in dangerous overt acts of crime and violence ; and it should be encouraged accordingly . ( To be concluded in our next .) Notes of a Reader . THE LAST OF THE PLANTAGENETS . The only notice which occurs of “ The Last of the Plantagenets ” is , says the author of a Romance with the above name , in Peck 's “ Desiderata Curiosa , ” where a letter is inserted from Dr. Brett to Dr. Warren , the president of Trinity Hall , in which he says that , calling on Lord Winchilsea in 1720 , his lordship pointed out to him this entry in the register of Eastwell — “ Anno 1550 , Rycharde Plantagenet was buryed the 22nd daye of December ; ” beyond this , not a word is known of him excepting what tradition affords , which , with some slight variations , for there are two versions of his history , is as follows :— When Sir Thomas Moyle built Eastwell , he observed that his principal bricklayer , whenever he quitted his work , retired with a book , a circumstance which attracted his attention , and on inquiry he found he was reading Latin : he then told Sir Thomas his secret , which was , that he was boarded with a Latin schoolmaster , without knowing who were his relations , until he was fifteen or sixteen ; that he was occasionally visited by a gentleman who provided for his expenses ; that this person one day took him to a fine house where he was presented to a gentleman handsomely drest , wearing a “ star and garter , ” who gave him money , and conducted him back to school ; that some time afterwards the same gentleman came to him , and took him into Leicestershire and to Bosworth Field , when he was carried to king Richard 's tent ; that the king embraced him , told him he was his son ; adding , “ Child , to-morrow , I must fight for my crown ; and assure yourself , if I lose that , I will lose my life too , but I hope to preserve both , do you stand in such a place ( pointing to the spot ) where you may see the battle , out of danger , and when I have gained the victory come to me . I will then own you to be mine , and take care of you : but if I should lose the battle , then shift as well as you can , and take care to let nobody know that I am your father , for no mercy will be shown to any one so nearly related to me ; ” that the king gave him a purse of gold and dismissed him ; that he followed those directions , and when he saw the battle was lost and the king slain , he hastened to London , sold his horse and his fine clothes , and the better to conceal himself from all suspicion of being the son of a king , and that he might gain a livelihood , he put himself apprentice to a bricklayer , and generally spent his spare time in reading . Sir Thomas , finding him very old , is said to have offered him the run of his kitchen , which he declined , on the ground of his patron having a large family ; but asked his permission to build a small house in one of his fields , and this being granted , he built a cottage , and continued in it till his death . ANTIQUITIES BURLESQUED . We have often been amused with the different wonders of ancient Rome , but seldom more than with the following piece of antiquarianism burlesqued :— M. Simond , in his Tour in Italy and Sicily , tells us that the Coliseum is too ruinous — that the Egyptian Museum in the Vatican puts him in mind of the five wigs in the barber Figaro 's shop-window — that the Apollo Belvidere looks like a broken-backed young gentleman shooting at a target for the amusement of young ladies . Speaking of the Etruscan vases , he says , “ As to the alleged elegance of form , I should be inclined to appeal from the present to succeeding generations , when the transformation of every pitcher , milk-pot and butter-pan , into an antique shape , has completely burlesqued away the classical feeling , and restored impartiality to taste . ” About six or seven-and-twenty years ago , an effort was made to revive the fashion of ladies visiting the House of Commons . The late Queen Caroline , then Princess of Wales , upon one or two occasions made her appearance , with a female attendant , in the side-gallery . The royal visit soon became generally known , and several other females were tempted to follow the example . Among these was Mrs. Sheridan , the wife of the late Right Honourable Richard Brinsley Sheridan ; but this lady , considering herself an intruder , to whose presence , if known , exception might be taken , thought fit to disguise her person in male attire . Her fine dark hair was combed smooth on her forehead , and made to sit close , in good puritanical trim , while a long , loose , brown coat concealed her feminine proportions . Thus prepared , she took her seat in the Strangers ’ Gallery , anxious to witness a display of her husband 's eloquence ; but he did not speak , and the debate proved without any interest . The female aspirants whose taste was thus excited , were , however , confined to a few blue-stocking belles , without influence to set the fashion ; and the attempt did not succeed . MOCHA . The buildings of Mocha are so white , that it seems as if excavated from a quarry of marble ; and this whiteness of the town forms a curious contrast with the blueness of the sea . The materials , however , of which Mocha is constructed , are nothing better than unburnt bricks , plastered over , and whitewashed . The coffee bean is cultivated in the interior , and is thence brought to Mocha for exportation . The Arabs themselves use the husks , which make but an inferior infusion . Vegetables are grown round the town , and fruits are brought from Senna ; while grain , horses , asses , and sheep , are imported from Abyssinia . There are twelve schools in the town ; and , inland , near Senna , there are colleges , in which the twelve branches of Mohomedan sciences are taught , as is usual in Turkey and India . Arab women marry about the age of sixteen ; they are allowed great liberty in visiting one another , and can divorce their husbands on very slight grounds . Every lady who pays a visit , carries a small bag of coffee with her , which enables “ her to enjoy society without putting her friends to expense . ” — Lushington 's Journey from Calcutta to Europe . ENGLISH AND FOREIGN NEWSPAPERS . Every one acquainted with the public press of Europe , must have observed the contrast which a London Newspaper forms with the journals of every other capital in Europe . The foreign journals never break in upon the privacy of domestic life . There the fame of parties and dinners is confined to the rooms which constitute their scene , and the names of the individuals who partake of them never travel out of their own circle . How widely different is the practice of the London Journals ! A lady of fashion can find no place so secret where she can hide herself from their search . They follow her from town to country , from the country to the town . They trace her from the breakfast-table to the Park , from the Park to the dinner-table , from thence to the Opera or the ball , and from her boudoir to her bed . They trace her every where . She may make as many doubles as a hare , but they are all in vain ; it is impossible to escape pursuit ; and yet the introduction of female names into the daily newspapers , now so common , is only of modern date . The late Sir Henry Dudley Bate , editor of The Morning Herald , was the first person who introduced females into the columns of a newspaper . He was at the time editor of The Morning Post .— New Monthly Magazine . The Gatherer . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . REFLECTION IN A FLOWER GARDEN . I hate the flower whose wanton breast [ 9 ] Awaits the sun at morn and noon , And when he 's hid behind the west , As gaily flaunteth with the moon . Mine be the flower of virgin leaf , That when its sire has left the plain , Wraps up its charms in silent grief , Nor ope 's them till he comes again . E. K . [ 9 ] There be some flowers that do remain quite unclosed , during not only the day , but during also the night . There be others which do likewise open during the day , albeit when night cometh , they close themselves up until the sun do appear , when they again ope their beautifulness .— Old Botanist . A “ THIN NIGHT ” AT VAUXHALL . There were fewer audience than performers , and those made up of fellows evidently not in the habit of shirt-wearing ; of women there were very few — of ladies none ; the fireworks were bad and brief , and the waterworks the most absurd affair I ever beheld ; the thing was overdone . To the people who would like to go to Vauxhall in fine weather , second-rate Italian singing and broken down English prima donnas are no inducement , a bad ballet in a booth has no attraction , and an attempt at variety mars the whole affair . Vauxhall is a delightful place to go to in fine weather with a pleasant party ; give us space to walk , light up that space , and shelter us from the elements , set the military bands to play popular airs , and we ask no more for our four or five shillings , or whatever it is ; but the moment tumbling is established in various parts of the garden , and the whole thing is made a sort of Bartholomew Fair , the object of breathing a little fresher air , and hearing ourselves talk is ended ; crowds of raffs in boots and white neckcloths attended by their dowdy damsels and waddling wives , rush from one place to another , helter skelter , knocking over the few quiet people to whom the “ sights ” are a novelty ; turning what in the days of the late Lady Castlereagh , the present Duchess of Bedford , the first Duchess of Devonshire , and the last Duchess of Gordon ( but one ) was a delightful reunion of fashion , into a tea-garden ( without tea ) or a bear-garden — not without bears .— Sharpe 's Magazine . NAPOLEON BONAPARTE AND LORD NOEL BYRON . It is a singular coincidence , not unworthy of remark , that the initials of two of the most singular men of their own , and perhaps of any age , the Emperor Napoleon of France , and Lord Noel Byron of England , used the same letters as an abbreviation of their name , N. B . which likewise denotes Nota Bene . It was not the habit of either to affix his name to letters , but merely N. B .— R. W . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE FOLLOWING NOVELS IS ALREADY PUBLISHED : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 0 10 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6