THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XX , No . 579 .] SATURDAY , DECEMBER 8 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . ANTWERP . ANTWERP . This Engraving may prove a welcome pictorial accompaniment to a score of plans of “ the seat of war , ” in illustration of the leading topic of the day . The view may be relied on for accuracy ; it being a transfer of the engraving in “ Select Views of the Principal Cities of Europe , from Original Paintings , by Lieutenant Colonel Batty , F. R. S . [ 1 ] ” We have so recently described the city , that our present notice must be confined to a brief outline . Antwerp , one of the chief cities of the Netherlands , is situated on the river Scheldt , 22 miles north of Brussels , and 65 south of Amsterdam : longitude 4 ° 23 ’ East ; latitude 51 ° 13 ’ North . It is called by Latin writers , Antverpia , or Andoverpum ; by the Germans , Antorf ; by the Spanish , Anveres ; and by the French , Anvers . [ 2 ] The city is of great antiquity , and is supposed by some to have existed before the time of C æ sar . It was much enlarged by John , the first Duke of Brabant , in 1201 ; by John , the third , in 1314 ; and by the Emperor Charles V. in 1543 : it has always been a place of commercial importance , and about twenty years after the last mentioned date , the trade is concluded to have been at its greatest height ; the number of inhabitants was then computed at 200 , 000 . A few years subsequently , Antwerp suffered much in the infamous war against religious freedom , projected by the detestable Philip II . ( son of Charles V .) and executed by the sanguinary Duke of Alva , whose cruelty has scarcely a parallel in history . In this merciless crusade , Alva boasted that he had consigned 18 , 000 persons to the executioner ; and with vanity as disgusting as his cruelty , he placed a statue of himself in Antwerp , in which he was figured trampling on the necks of two statues , representing the two estates of the Low Countries . Before the termination of the war , not less than 600 houses in the city were burnt , and 6 or 7 , 000 of the inhabitants killed or drowned . Antwerp was retaken and repaired by the Prince of Parma , in 1585 . It has since that time been captured and re-captured so frequently as to render its decreasing prosperity a sad lesson , if such proof were wanting , of the baleful scourge of war . The reader need scarcely be reminded that the last and severest blow to the prosperity of Antwerp was occasioned by the overthrow of Buonaparte , when , by the treaty of peace signed in 1814 , her naval establishment was utterly destroyed . [ 3 ] The population has dwindled to little more than one-fourth of the original number , its present number scarcely exceeding 60 , 000 . The annexed view is taken from the T é te de Flandre , a fortified port on the left bank of the river Scheldt , immediately opposite to the city , and now in the possession of the Dutch . The river here is a broad and noble stream , and at high water navigable for vessels of large tonnage . A short distance below the town the banks are elevated , like part of Millbank , near Vauxhall Bridge ; and the situation has much the same character . The river is here about twice the width of the Thames at London Bridge , and it flows with great rapidity . Lieut. - Colonel Batty observes , “ there is perhaps no city in the north of Europe which , on inspection , awakens greater interest ” than Antwerp . It abounds in fine old buildings , which bear testimony to its former wealth and importance . The three most aspiring points in the View are — 1. the Church of St. Paul , richly dight with pictures by Teniers , De Crayer , Quellyn , De Vos , Jordaens , & c .; 2. the tower of the H ô tel de Ville , the whole fa ç ade of which is little short of 300 feet , a part of the front being cased with variegated marble , and ornamented with statues ; 3. the lofty and richly-embellished Tower of the Cathedral of N ô tre Dame , forming the most striking object from whichever side we view the city . The interior is enriched with valuable paintings by Flemish masters ; the height of the spire is stated at 460 feet . [ 4 ] The distance from the mouth of the Scheldt to Antwerp is usually reckoned to be sixty-two miles , allowing for the bending of the river . At Lillo , an important fortress , the appearance of the city of Antwerp becomes an interesting object , and the more imposing the nearer the traveller approaches along the last reach of the Scheldt . Antwerp has been the birthplace of many learned men — as , Ortelius , an eminent mathematician and antiquary of the sixteenth century , and the friend of our Camden ; Gorleus , a celebrated medallist , of the same period ; Andrew Schott , a learned Jesuit , and the friend of Scaliger ; Lewis Nonnius , a distinguished physician and erudite scholar , born early in the seventeenth century . Few places have produced so many painters of merit , as will be seen at page 380 , by a well-timed communication from our early correspondent P. T. W . [ 1 ] Copied by permission of the proprietors and publishers , Messrs . Moon , Boys , and Graves . [ 2 ] The name of Antwerp , says an ingenious correspondent , at p. 287 , vol . xiv . of The Mirror , is derived from Hand-werpen , or Hand-thrown : so called from a legend , which informs us that on the site of the present city once stood the castle of a giant , who was accustomed to amuse himself by cutting off and casting into the river the right hands of the unfortunate wights that fell into his power ; but that being at last conquered himself , his own immense hand was disposed off , with poetical justice , in the same way . We quote this passage in a note , as it is only worthy of place beneath facts of sober history . [ 3 ] See Antwerp described from a Tour in South Holland in the Family Library , at p. 109. vol . xviii of The Mirror . [ 4 ] See Antwerp Cathedral , Mirror , vol . xiv , p. 286 . A MALTESE LEGEND . Hark , in the bower of yonder tower , What maiden so sweetly sings , As the eagle flies through the sunny skies He stayeth his golden wings ; And swiftly descends , and his proud neck bends , And his eyes they stream with glare , And gaze with delight , on her looks so bright , As he motionless treads the air . But his powerful wings , as she sweetly sings , They droop to the briny wave , And slowly he falls near the castle walls , And sinks to his ocean grave . Was it arrow unseen with glancing sheen , The twang of the string unheard , Sped from hunter 's bow , that has laid him low , And has pierced that kingly bird ? That has brought his flight , from the realms of light , Where his hues in ether glow , To float for awhile in the sun 's last smile , Then dim to the depths below ? No ! the pow'rful spell , that had wrought too well , Was sung by a maiden true , And it breath 'd and flow 'd , to her love who row 'd , His path through the seas of blue . As she saw his sail , by the gentle gale , Slow borne to her lofty bower , Her heart it beat , in her high retreat , She sang by a spell-bound power : “ Zephyr winds , with gentlest motion Urge his bark the blue waves o'er ; Cease your wild and deep commotion Waft him safely to the shore . “ Lovely art thou crested billow , On thy whiteness rests his eye , Thou art to his bark a pillow , Thou dost hear his ev'ry sigh . “ Would I were yon dolphin dancing Round his fragile vessel 's stern ; Ev'ry gaze my soul entrancing , I would woo him though he spurn . ” Here she rais 'd her eyes , to the once bright skies , For she heard the deep sea groan , And her song it stopp 'd , and her hands they drop 'd , Her face grew white as the foam ; For the lovely blue , was hid from her view , By a black and mighty cloud ! She saw in each wave , a watery grave , And again she sang aloud : “ But the clouds are rolling heavy , Fitful gusts distend his sail ; See the whirlpool 's foaming eddy , Hear the seagull 's mournful wail . “ Now his vessel greets the thunder , Now she rests on ocean 's bed , Where in shrines of pearl and amber , Youthful lovers , love , though dead . “ Gracious Heaven ! in mercy spare him , Shield him with thine arm of pow'r ; On thy wings , oh ! Father , bear him Through this dark and troubled hour . “ In yon convent then to-morrow Will I give to thee my days ; Flee this world of grief and sorrow , Endless sing thee hymns of praise . “ But if thou hast bid us sever , Till we reach the heavenly shore , I will steer my bark , where never , Waves nor death shall part us more . “ We will roam the plains of ocean , Tread the sands where rubies shine , Drink from starry founts the potion Mortals taste , and grow divine . “ But his vessel 's sinking slowly , And mine hour of death is near ; Yet I shrink not ,— sweet and holy Is the end that knows no fear . ” Scarce the words had died , and the crimson tide , Flow 'd calm in her heaving breast , When she flew to the wave , to share his grave , And taste of his final rest . And the fishermen boast , who dwell on that coast , That after the ev'ning bell Has toll 'd the hour , in sleet and in shower , They float on a golden shell . And all night they roam , where the breakers foam , When the moonbeams streak the waves , But when morn awakes and the twilight breaks , They glide to their coral caves . Leeds . T. W. H . Manners and Customs . EARLY INHABITANTS OF BRITAIN . ( To the Editor .) In your Correspondent Selim 's laudable endeavour to vindicate the ancient inhabitants of this island from the character of barbarians given them by C æ sar , he has made some errors , which , with your permission , I will attempt to rectify . First , I beg leave to dissent from the derivation of the word Druid , “ Druidh , ” a wise man , as such a word is not to be found in the Welsh language . In one of your early volumes [ 5 ] there is a letter from a Correspondent , deriving the word ( in the above language it is written Derwydd ) from Dar and Gwydd , signifying chief in the presence , as the religious ceremonies of the Druids were considered to be performed in the presence of the Deity . This may seem far fetched ; but , according to the genius of the language , any word commencing with g , and having another word prefixed , the sound of the g is always dropped : therefore , those words would be written Dar-wydd , only a difference of one letter from the proper word . With regard to the statement of the Druids being “ ever foremost in the battle strife , ” as your Correspondent has quoted C æ sar , I am surprised that he has overlooked this passage : “ The Druids were exempt from all military payment , and excused from serving in the wars ; ” indeed , one of the main objects of Bardism was to maintain peace , and the use of arms was therefore prohibited to its members ; though in later times it was one of the duties of the king 's domestic bard , on the day of battle , to sing in front of the army the national song of “ Unbennaeth Prydain ” ( the Monarchy of Britain ,) for the purpose of animating the soldiers . It is not possible that a people possessing the three orders of Druid , Bard , and Ovate , who , ( leaving their poetry out of the question for the present ,) were able to raise the immense piles of Abury and Stonehenge , could be the barbarians they are thought to be ; and those who could raise such immense blocks of stone deserve at least credit for ingenuity . Now , it does not appear to me to require a great stretch of fancy to believe that the requisite knowledge was obtained of the architects of the Pyramids , Temples , and cities of Egypt and the east : and this is not improbable ; as , according to the Triads , the Cymmry ( or Welsh ) came from the Gwlad yr Haf , [ 6 ] ( the summer country ) the present Taurida ; and further , Herodotus says , that a nation called Cimmerians , ( very much like their own name ,) dwelt in that part of Europe and the neighbouring parts of Asia . Other historians are of similar opinion , and considering the numerous emigrations from Egypt , caused by religious persecutions and conquests , it is very likely that some of their priests or learned men were among those exiles , and that they communicated their knowledge to the same description of persons belonging to the nations with whom they sojourned . The founders of Athens and Thebes were exiles ; and the Philistines , noted for their constant wars with the Jews , were originally expelled from Egypt . I have been informed that there has been found in the southern part of the United States , the remains of a building similar in its appearance to Stonehenge . Did a remnant of those Druids or Priests erect this and the Temples of Mexico , and leave behind them those implements of war and industry that have been found in the soil and in the mines of America ? and to equal the manufacture of which , all the resources of modern art have proved inadequate . It appears that there existed at a most remote period , a sort of Freemasonry of priests , bards , and architects , who , and their successors extended themselves over the whole world ; for , to whom else can be ascribed those stupendous structures , the ruins of which at the present day excite our admiration and wonder , and may be traced over Asia , Egypt , along the shores of the Mediterranean , in Britain and America . That the ancients knew of America is not improbable , when we recollect the extent of the voyages of the Phoenicians and Carthaginians , and what has been said of the great Island of Atlantis ; it is not likely that Prince Madog would have sailed in search of a distant land if he had not heard something of its existence . In the fifth century , a chieftain named Gafran ab Aeddan , went in search of some islands called Gwerddonau Lliou , ( Green Isles of the Floods ,) supposed to be the Canaries ; but whether he succeeded in reaching them is not known , as he was never heard of after he left Britain . This is a proof that the Welsh at least , had heard of distant lands in the Atlantic Ocean : another curious fact is , that the worship of the sun was prevalent in all the countries in which those remains have been found . In conclusion , I beg leave to say that the people could not be very barbarous , who were in the habit of hearing such precepts as “ the three ultimate objects of bardism — to reform manners and customs , to secure peace , and to extol every thing that is good . ” Llundain . CYMMRO . [ 5 ] Vol . iv . p. 10 and 50 . [ 6 ] Welsh name of Somersetshire . BATHING — ANCIENT AND MODERN BATHS . Perhaps neither of the exercises that are indispensable to the health and comfort of man has so kept pace with his progressive improvement as bathing ; and though of late years this effectual promoter of cleanliness has not in some parts of the world been sufficiently attended to , yet the custom is by no means on the decrease ; nor can any fear be entertained , with propriety , that so excellent and so natural an expedient should ever be suffered to decline , from want of consideration of its benefits and advantages . But it must be owned , that while bathing in many countries is resorted to as a matter-of-course affair among all classes , in England it is in a great measure disregarded by most of the middle classes , and almost entirely so by those in the lower station of life , who perhaps require this exercise more than their richer neighbours . A medical writer of the present day observes , with some grounds for complaint , that while “ in almost all countries , both in ancient and modern times , whether rude or civilized , bathing was a part of the necessary and everyday business of life , in this country alone , with all its refinements in the arts which contribute to the happiness or comfort of man , and with all its improvements in medical science and jurisprudence , this salutary and luxurious practice is almost entirely neglected . "[ 7 ] But in many countries , particularly in the east , bathing is as much resorted to as ever ; and its really powerful effects in invigorating the frame and promoting the porous secretions , ( without which life itself cannot be long continued ,) require only to be once known to be persevered in . Among the ancients , bathing was far more generally practised than at the present day . In the city of Alexandria , there were 4 , 000 public baths ; and the height of refinement in this luxury among the Romans is almost incredible . In addition to the private baths , with which almost every house was supplied , public baths were built , sometimes at the public cost , and often at the expense of private individuals , who nobly conceived their wealth to be laudably expended in giving each of their fellow-citizens the means of procuring , free of expense , bodily cleanliness and comfort . These baths were generally very extensive , and fitted up with every possible convenience ;— the passages and apartments were paved with marbles of every hue , and the tesselated floors were adorned with representations of gladiatorial engagements , hunting , racing , and a variety of subjects from the mythology . In the Therm æ at Rome , ingenuity and magnificence seem exhausted ; and the elegance of the architecture , and the vast range of rooms and porticos , create in the beholder surprise and admiration , mingled with feelings of regret for their neglected state . A quadrans ( about a farthing ) admitted any one ; for the funds bequeathed by the emperors and others were amply sufficient to provide for the expensive establishments requisite , without taxing the people beyond their means . Agrippa gave his baths and gardens to the public , and even assigned estates for their maintenance . Some of the Therm æ were also provided with a variety of perfumed ointments and oils gratuitously . The chief Therm æ[ 8 ] were those of Agrippa , Nero , Titus , Domitian , Caracalla , and Diocletian . Their main building consisted of rooms for swimming and bathing , in either hot or cold water ; others for conversation ; and some devoted to various exercises and athletic amusements . In some assembled large bodies to hear the lectures of philosophers , or perhaps a composition of some favourite poet ; while the walls were surrounded with statues , paintings , and literary productions , to suit the diversified taste of the company . Eustace describes these Therm æ at some length :— “ Repassing the Aventine Hill , we came to the baths of Antoninus Caracalla , that occupy part of its declivity , and a considerable portion of the plain between it and Mons C æ liolus and Mons C æ lius . The length of the Therm æ was 1 , 840 feet ; breadth , 1 , 476 . At each end were two temples , one to Apollo and another to Esculapius , as the tutelary deities of a place sacred to the improvement of the mind , and the health of the body . In the principal building were , in the first place , a grand circular vestibule , with four halls on each side , for cold , tepid , warm , and steam baths ; [ 9 ] in the centre was an immense square for exercise , when the weather was unfavourable to it in the open air ; beyond it a great hall , where one thousand six hundred seats of marble were placed for the convenience of the bathers ; at each end of this hall were libraries . The stucco and paintings , though faintly indeed , are yet in many places perceptible . Pillars have been dug up , and some still remain amidst the ruins ; while the Farnesian Bull and the famous Hercules , found in one of these halls announce the multiplicity and beauty of the statues which once adorned the Thermae of Caracalla . ” Before they commenced bathing in the Therm æ, the Romans anointed themselves with oil , in a room especially appropriated to the purpose ; and oil was again applied , with the addition of perfumes , on quitting the bath . In a painting which has been engraved from one of the walls in the baths of Titus , the room is represented filled with a number of vases , and somewhat resembles an apothecary 's shop . These vases contained a variety of balsamic and oleaceous compositions for the anointment , which , when ultimately performed , prepared the bathers for the sph æ risterium , in which various amusements and exercises were enjoyed . The subsequent operation of scraping the body with the strigil has given way to a mode of freeing the body from perspiration and all extraneous matter , by a sort of bag or glove of camel 's hair , which is used in Turkey ; while flannel and brushes are substituted in other parts . The vapour-baths now used in Russia resemble very much those among the ancient Romans . These are generally rudely built of wood , over an oven , and the bathers receive the vapour at the requisite heat , reclining on wooden benches ,— while , more powerfully to excite perspiration , they whip their bodies with birch boughs , and also use powerful friction . They then wash themselves ; and , as these vapour-baths are often constructed on the banks of a river , throw themselves from the land into the water ; or sometimes , by way of variety , plunge into snow , and roll themselves therein . This violent exercise and sudden transition of temperature is almost overpowering to persons unhabituated to the custom , and will oftentimes produce fainting ,— though the patient , on recovering , finds himself refreshed , and experiences a delightful sense of mental , as well as bodily , vigour and energy . The enervating effects of the extreme luxury and refinement practised in the Greek and Roman baths are obviated in the Russian mode : to which may partly be ascribed the power which the latter people have in undergoing fatigue and the various hardships of their rigorous climate . Tooke says that without doubt the Russians owe their longevity , robust health , their little disposition to fatal complaints , and , above all , their happy and cheerful temper , mostly to these vapour-baths . Lewis and Clarke , in their voyage up the Missouri , have noticed the use of the vapour-bath in a somewhat similar contrivance to the Russians among the savage tribes of America ;— so it appears that this effectual promoter of cleanliness is one of the most simple , original , and natural , that can be employed for that paramount duty . C. R. S . [ 7 ] Culverwell on Bathing . [ 8 ] [ Greek : thermai ] — hot springs . [ 9 ] These baths , impregnated with medicinal herbs , and other preparations , are at the present day gaining great repute for the cure of cutaneous diseases , and other complaints . The Sketch Book . RECOLLECTIONS OF A WANDERER . An Incident on the Coast . Towards the close of an afternoon in the dreary month of December , a small vessel was descried in the offing , from the pier of a romantic little hamlet on the coast of ——. The pier was this evening nearly deserted by those bold spirits , who , when sea and sky conspire to frown together , loved to resort there to while away their idle hours . Only a few “ out-and-outers ” were now to be seen at their accustomed station , defying the rough buffetings of the blast , which on more tender faces might have acted almost with the keenness of a razor . Though the evening certainly looked wild and stormy to an unpractised eye , still to those who “ gauge the weather ” it was unaccompanied with those unerring symptoms which usually usher in a gale . However , the appearance of the night was so uninviting , as to have induced the local craft to run some time before along shore for shelter ; and the movements of the strange vessel were consequently a matter of speculation to those on land . There is something to our minds exceedingly interesting in a solitary vessel at sea — it is a point on which you may hinge your attention — a living thing on the desert-bosom of the main . For sometime her movements were apparently very undecided , but though the weather seemed to be looking up , she suddenly put about helm , and ran without further wavering right for the shelter held out at Lanport . In less than twenty minutes she was safe alongside the pier . She was one of the larger class of fishing vessels and was well manned . The attention of the bystanders was now directed to an individual who seemed to be a passenger , and who immediately landed after conversing for a short while with the master . The gentleman brought ashore an immoderately large carpet-bag , and forthwith marched for the chief street of Lanport . When we say chief , we , perhaps , ought to add that it was the only assemblage of buildings in the village , which by the comparative uniformity of their arrangement , could lay claim to such a title . On reaching the foot of the declivity , the traveller , who was evidently much jaded with his marine excursion , espied with symptoms of satisfaction , the antiquated sign-post of an “ hostelrie ” swinging before him in the breeze . Without further investigation , but with “ wandering steps and slow , ” he decided on taking up his quarters at the “ Mermaid Inn and Tavern , by Judith , ( or Judy as she was called by some ) Teague . ” This determination of the traveller would , however , have turned out to be “ Hobson 's choice ” had his eyes wandered in quest of a rival establishment , for here Mrs. Judy Teague reigned supreme amongst “ licensed victuallers , ” no rival having hitherto been found bold enough to enter the field against her . The leisurely advance of the traveller up the street , had given all the old gossips and that numerous class who esteem other people 's business of infinitely greater consequence than their own , full opportunity to remark on his dress and appearance ; in which as faithful chroniclers we have not gathered that there was anything remarkable — save and except the enormous carpet-bag aforesaid , about which its owner seemed as solicitous as the traveller in Rob Roy . A stranger was , at the period we are describing , a rara avis in terris indeed at Lanport ; and it may be conceived that the news of this arrival was discussed round every hearth in the place within half an hour at the utmost . Mrs. Teague is recorded to have advanced to the door with unwonted rapidity ( bearing in mind that she had halted a little since she was on the wrong side of forty , from a rheumatic affection ,) to meet such an “ iligant-looking guest ; ” and certain it is that he had not been two hours in the house , before it was evident that both parties were on an excellent footing together . The old lady was seen to come from the best — the parlour we mean to say — of the Mermaid , with very unusual symptoms of good humour on her countenance , considering ( as Betsy the “ maid of all work ” whispered to “ Jack Ostler , ” ) that her visage had generally a “ vinegar cruet ” association ; though we would not take upon ourselves to assert that brandy had not a greater share in its composition . The strange gentleman continued in close occupation of the parlour during the entire evening . The mysterious carpet bag was secured in an upper room , and its owner chased away the damps and cold of the season by unusually liberal potations ; in short , Mrs. Judith declared to the numerous party of customers who had assembled from chance or curiosity on her hearth , that he was the most liberal gentleman that had ever crossed her threshold in the way of business , since Julius O'Brien ( commonly called the tippling exciseman ,) had unexpectedly departed this life by mistaking the steep staircase of the Mermaid for a single step , one night when his brain was more than usually beclouded . The arrival of the stranger , however , had nearly caused a schism between the hostess and her leading customers ; for the former had whilst he honoured the Mermaid with his presence , engaged the parlour for his exclusive accommodation — an arrangement contrary to all the rules of Lanport etiquette ; and he might have experienced rather a rude reception had not Mrs. Judy given up her sanctum sanctorum for the temporary use of the “ elect . ” Next day , the morning had passed away , nay , the sun was fast careering towards the western horizon , and yet the stranger exhibited no inclination to explore the locality of Lanport . Night at last set in , but still he remained in close quarters as before . This appeared the more strange , as the situation of Lanport was singularly wild and interesting . The prospect from the wooded and rocky heights of the coast was of great and commanding beauty ; and the inland view presented many scenes and objects highly calculated to invite the attention of the lover of nature or the curious traveller . It was evident that the stranger was deficient in both these points . The history of the next day closely corresponded with that of the preceding . There he sat . That night there was again a strong muster around the capacious hearth of the Mermaid . If the stranger was deficient in that inherent passion of the human mind — curiosity — not so the villagers . But one sentiment seemed to pervade the assembled party , and that may be summed up in the words “ Who is he ? ” An echo responded “ Who is he ? ” Conjecture was literally at a fault . His very appearance was unknown to all except the fortunate few that had beheld him in his march from the pier ; the fishing boat had put to sea before any one thought of making inquiry as to the freight it had delivered , but every one agreed that there was something of an extraordinary character about the said freight . Ever and anon the parlour door opened , and a lusty ring of the hand-bell summoned the hostess into that now mysterious room : and the volley of questions which assailed her on her return were enough to overturn the very moderate stock of patience which she possessed , had it been centupled . She declared that “ the jintleman was like other jintlemen , and barring that he seemed the b'y for the brandy , ” she saw nothing amiss in him . In the midst of this excitement in walked the officer commanding the preventive service of the district . He was soon closeted in the sanctum , and after a due discussion of the singular proceedings of the stranger , on the part of each member of the Lanport smoking club , the worthy lieutenant declared “ it was not only d —— d odd , but very suspicious ; ” and that he would beard the foe who had so unceremoniously taken possession of their own proper apartment , face to face , even though he should turn out to be Beelzebub , in propri â person â. This determination was received with a vast and simultaneous puff of exultation from every pipe in the room , so that the cloud was for a short space so great as completely to envelope the ample proportions of Mrs. Judy Teague , who had been an unnoticed witness of this bold proposal . The lieutenant was striding onwards in full career towards the parlour , which lay at the opposite side of the intervening kitchen , when he somewhat roughly encountered the fair form of Mrs. Teague , which was extended halfway through the doorcase with a view to prevent his egress . “ Och ! murder , Lafetennant ——, and is this the way you 'd be sarving a lone woman , and she a widow these twelve year agon , since Michael Tague 's ( Heaven rest his sowl !) been laid aneath the turf ! ” The lieutenant apologized for the rather unceremonious way in which he had run foul of Mrs. Teague . “ Och ! Lafetennant , ” she responded , “ its not that agra ! ( here she gave a twinge ) that Judy Tague would ever spake of from the like of you — but its against your goin ’ and insulting the jintl 'm in the parlour that I was spaking of — and a rale jintl 'm he is , I 'll be bail . ” But it was all of no avail . After holding forth for several minutes , now at the top of her voice , now in a beseeching whine — the lieutenant again got under weigh , and soon reached the parlour door ; which after giving a slight tap , he entered fully prepared to take its inmate by storm . But , lo ! he had vanished ! It appeared impossible that any portion of the previous conversation could have been wafted to his ears , but certain it was , that in place of a living occupant of flesh and blood , nothing but the wavering shadow of an ancient high-backed chair near the fire — which cast a faint and uncertain light through the apartment — met the eyes of the angry lieutenant . A heavy step overhead announced that he had just retired to his sleeping-room . Thus was the now greatly increased curiosity of the smoking club doomed to receive an unexpected check . The stranger was evidently no ordinary person — the conversation gradually sank away — and more than one individual of the company started in the course of the evening as the wind now wailed with a strange unearthly sound up the silent street , and now blew in violent gusts which made the old house creak and groan to its very foundations . Our gallant friend , the lieutenant , was perhaps the only individual absolutely unmoved in the party ; and his proposal to retake possession of the parlour met with a general negative . Nettled at this , he declared that another sun should not go down over his head , without obtaining some satisfactory account of this mysterious visitant . The third day came , and with it a partial change in the conduct of the stranger . He appeared to have in some measure shaken off his indolence , and sallied forth betimes in the morning , apparently to examine the beauties of the coast , towards the rocky wilds of which he was seen to wend his way . About noon he again returned to the Mermaid . This conduct partially disarmed the suspicion which had been excited ; however it was agreed that though nothing had hitherto occurred which could authorize any direct interference with his movements , yet that a watch should be kept over them for the present . The afternoon threatened to turn out stormy . Vast masses of clouds were continually driven across the sky : and the increasing agitation and deep furrows of the ocean foretold a night fraught with peril and disaster to the seaman . Drear December seemed about to assume his wildest garb . This day of the week always brought the county paper . A solitary copy of this journal was taken by Mrs. Teague , and it formed the sole channel ( alas ! for the march of intellect ,) by which the smoking club and other worthies of Lanport were enlightened on the sayings and doings of the great world . It must not be inferred from this that the demon of politics was unknown in this retired spot ; on the contrary , the arrival of the —— Journal , was looked for with the utmost impatience from week to week ; and as long as its tattered folio hung together , its contents formed a never ending subject of conversation . On the day of its arrival , therefore , the “ club ” invariably met many hours before their wonted time , to discuss politics and pigtail , revolutions and small beer . This circumstance , and the state of the weather , had drawn a numerous party around the hearth at the Mermaid . The delay which took place in the arrival of the newspaper seemed unusual ; the “ spokesman ” had cleared his throat , the pipes had long been lit , but still it was not forthcoming . Mrs. Teague at last announced that it was engaged by the “ jintleman in the parlour . ” The patience of the party lasted half an hour longer , when the clamorous calls for news dictated the step of sending a message to the stranger . It met with an ungracious reception . At this moment some one came in with the intelligence that a suspicious looking craft was hovering off the coast , and that the lieutenant ( whose absence was thus accounted for ) was about to put off in his galley to bring her to and overhaul her . A second and a third message to the parlour having met with the same success as the first , the ire of all began to rise , and after a clamorous discussion it was at last resolved , ( it was now broad daylight ,) that they should go in a body and storm the enemy 's quarters . The room was situated at the other end of the house , and thither they proceeded , after a few preliminary difficulties had been arranged as to who should first lead the way . But if the lieutenant had been astonished at the disappearance of the stranger the preceding night , much greater was the surprise evinced on the present occasion on finding the room again tenantless . It had evidently only just been vacated ; but what created the greatest sensation was the discovery of the smoking remains of the —— Journal , on the hood of the fireplace ! Every one crowded around , and presently intelligence was brought that the stranger , carrying his enormous carpet bag had been seen walking at a great speed towards Shorne Cove , a retired little spot within a short distance of the harbour . As is often the case on such occasions , several minutes elapsed before any plan was determined upon , but some one at last wisely suggested that if he was to be pursued , no time ought to be lost . The appearance of the strange vessel on the coast , and the day 's occurrence , were connected together , as they hurried onwards in the pursuit ; but when they arrived at the seashore , the mysterious man and his carpet bag were no longer visible , unless a large boat which was pulling out to sea as fast as wind and tide would permit , gave a clue to his invisibility . Every eye was now cast out for the strange sail . About a mile from the pier-head , a large lugger under a press of canvass was seen coming down the wind , with the galley in close pursuit . From the freshness of the wind and the quantity of sail she was able to carry , it was evident that the king 's boat had little chance with her . As the chase came careering along , dropping the galley rapidly astern , the interest hinged on the apparent connexion between her and the boat which had just left Shorne Cove with its unknown freight . From their relative situations it was evident she must bring to for a short space if she intended to pick up the fugitive ; and this delay might possibly enable the galley to draw her . For a few minutes the scene was one of exciting interest . The lugger broached to as had been anticipated , and she had scarcely shipped the strange boat 's crew , when the galley pitching bows under was close in her wake . But it was too late . The lugger had no sooner paid off , so as to get the wind again abaft the beam , than she rapidly got way on her , and the wind continuing to freshen , in half an hour she was all but hull down . The night passed not over the heads of the good folks of Lanport , without numberless recriminations on the stupidity which had been displayed in not arresting the stranger before it was too late ; and the ferment was not lessened on the arrival of another copy of the —— Journal , which contained a paragraph headed with the glittering words , “ ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD . ” VYVYAN . Spirit of Discovery . THE ISLAND OF ROTUMA . [ 10 ] “ A new Cythera emerges from the bosom of the enchanted wave . An amphitheatre of verdure rises to our view ; tufted groves mingle their foliage with the brilliant enamel of meadows ; an eternal spring , combining with an eternal autumn , displays the opening blossoms along with the ripened fruit . ” — Maltebrun . The Island of Rotuma . This is one of the beautiful islands of Polynesia , in the South Pacific Ocean . It was discovered in the year 1791 , and has been since occasionally visited by English and American whalers , and a few other ships , for the purpose of procuring water and a supply of vegetable productions , with which it abounds . It is situated in latitude 12 ° 30 ’ south , and longitude 177 ° east , and is distant about 260 miles from the nearest island of the Fidji group . It is of a moderate height , densely wooded , and abounding in cocoa-nut trees , and is about from thirty to thirty-five miles in circumference . Its general appearance is beautifully picturesque , verdant hills gradually rising from the sandy beach , giving it a highly fertile appearance . It is surrounded by extensive reefs , on which at low water the natives may be seen busily engaged in procuring shell and other fish , which are abundantly produced on them , and constitute one of their articles of daily food . At night , they fish by torch-light , lighting fires on the beach , by which the fish are attracted to the reefs . The torches are formed of the dried spathe or fronds of the cocoa-nut tree , and enable them to see the fish , which they take with hand-nets . It is by these lights that the fish are attracted , but not so in the opinion of the natives , who say , “ they come to the reef at night to eat , then sleep , and leave again in the morning . ” Mr. George Bennett , in his account of his recent visit , says :— We made this island on the 21st of February , 1830 : it bore west by south-half-south , about twenty-five miles distant ; at 11 A. M. when close in , standing for the anchorage , we were boarded by several natives , who came off in their canoes , and surprised us by their acquaintance with the English language ; this it seems they had acquired from their occasional intercourse with shipping , but principally from the European seamen , who had deserted from their ships and were residing on the island in savage luxury and indolence . When at anchor , the extremes of the land bore from east by north to west by compass . An island rather high , quoin shaped , and inhabited , situated at a short distance from the main land , ( between which there is a passage for a large ship ,) was at some distance from our present anchorage , and bore west-half-north by compass ; it was named Ouer by the natives . Close to us were two rather high islands , or islets , of small extent , planted with cocoa-nut trees , and almost connected together by rocks , and to the main land by a reef ; they shelter the bay from easterly winds . Their bearings are as follow :— the first centre bore east-half-north ; the second centre bore east-half-south , extreme of the main land east-south-east by compass . One of the chiefs , on our anchoring , addressing the Commander made the following very humane observation , “ If R ó tuma man steal , to make hang up immediately . ” Had this request been complied with , there would have been a great depopulation during our stay , and it is not improbable that a few chiefs might have felt its effects . On a second visit to this island in March , 1830 , we anchored in a fine picturesque bay , situated on the west side of the island , named Thor , in fourteen fathoms , sand and coral bottom , about three miles distant from the centre . A reef extends out some distance from the beach at this bay , almost dry at low water , and with much surf at the entrance , from which cause the procuring of wood and water is attended with more difficulty than at Onhaf Bay . On landing , the beautiful appearance of the island was rather increased than diminished ; vegetation appeared most luxuriant , and the trees and shrubs blooming with various tints , spread a gaiety around ; the clean and neat native houses were intermingled with the waving plumes of the cocoa-nut , the broad spreading plantain , and other trees peculiar to tropical climes . That magnificent tree the callophyllum inophyllum , or fifau of the natives , was not less abundant , displaying its shining , dark , green foliage , contrasted by beautiful clusters of white flowers teeming with fragrance . This tree seemed a favourite with the natives , on account of its shade , fragrance , and ornamental appearance of the flowers . When I extended my rambles more inland , through narrow and sometimes rugged pathways , the luxuriance of vegetation did not decrease , but the lofty trees , overshadowing the road , defended the pedestrian from the effects of a fervent sun , rendering the walk under their umbrageous covering cool and pleasant . The gay flowers of the hibiscus tiliaceus , as well as the splendid huth or Barringtonia speciosa , covered with its beautiful flowers , the petals of which are white , and the edges of the stamina delicately tinged with pink , give to the trees when in full bloom a magnificent appearance ; the hibiscus rosa-chinensis , or kowa of the natives also grows in luxuriance and beauty . The elegant flowers of these trees , with others of more humble and less beautiful tints , everywhere meet the eye near the paths , occasionally varied by plantations of the ahan or taro , arum esculentum , which , from a deficiency of irrigation , is generally of the mountain variety . Of the sugar-cane they possess several varieties , and it is eaten in the raw state ; a small variety of yam , more commonly known by the name of the R ó tuma potato , the ul é of the natives , is very abundant ; the ulu or bread-fruit , pori or plantain and the vi , ( spondias dulcis , Parkinson ,) or , Brazilian plum , with numerous other kinds , sufficiently testify the fertility of the island . Occasionally the mournful toa or casuarina equisetifolia , planted in small clumps near the villages or surrounding the burial-places , added beauty to the landscape . The native houses are very neat ; they are formed of poles and logs , the roof being covered with the leaves of a species of sagus palm , named hoat by the natives , and highly valued by them for that purpose on account of their durability ; the sides are covered with the plaited sections of the cocoa-nut branches , which form excellent coverings . The natives are a fine-looking and well-formed people ; they are of good dispositions , but are much addicted to thieving , which seems indeed to be a national propensity ; they are of a light copper colour , and the men wear the hair long and stained at the extremities of a reddish brown colour ; sometimes they tie the hair in a knot behind , but the most prevailing custom is to permit it to hang over the shoulders . The females may be termed handsome , of fine forms , and although possessing a modest demeanour , flocked on board in numbers on the ship 's arrival . The women before marriage have the hair cut close and covered with the shoroi , which is burnt coral mixed with the gum of the bread-fruit tree ; this is removed after marriage and their hair is permitted to grow long , but on the death of a chief or their parents it is cut close as a badge of mourning . Both sexes paint themselves with a mixture of the root of the turmeric plant ( curcuma longa ) and cocoa-nut oil , which frequently changed our clothes and persons of an icteroid hue , from our curiosity to mingle with them in the villages — theirs to come on board the ship . On visiting the king , who resided at the village of Fangwot , we found him a well-formed and handsome man , apparently about thirty years of age ; the upper part of his body was thickly covered with the Rang , or paint of turmeric and oil , which had been recently laid on in honour of the visit from the strangers . There was somewhat of novelty , but little of “ regal magnificence ” in our reception . In the open air , under the wide-spreading branches of their favourite Fifau , ( Callophyllum Inophyllum ) sat his Majesty squatted on the ground , and surrounded by a crowd of his subjects . The introduction was equally unostentatious ; one of the natives who had accompanied us from the ship , pointing towards him , said , in tolerably pronounced English , “ That the king . ” His Majesty not being himself acquainted with our language , one of his attendants , who spoke it with considerable fluency , acted as interpreter . After some common-place questions , such as where the ship came from , where bound to , what provisions we stood in need of , & c ., we adjourned to the royal habitation , which differed in no respect from the other native houses . Yams , bread-fruit , and fish , wrapped in the plantain leaves in which they had been cooked , were here placed before us , with cocoa-nut water for our beverage ; plantain leaves serving also as plates . The chiefs are elected kings in rotation , and the royal office is held for six months , but by the consent of the other chiefs , it may be retained by the same chief for two or three years . The royal title is Sho : the king to whom we had been introduced , as a chief , is named Mora . We had an interview also with the former king , named Riemko ; he is a chief of high rank , and a very intelligent man : he spoke the English language with much correctness . Being naturally of an inquisitive disposition , and possessing an exceedingly retentive memory , he had acquired much information ; this he displayed by detailing to us many facts connected with the history of Napoleon Buonaparte , Wellington , & c ., which had been related to him by various European visiters , and which he appeared to retain to the most minute particulars . He surprised us by inquiring if we resided in “ Russell-square , London ? ” An innate love of roaming seems to exist among these people ; they set sail without any fixed purpose in one of their large canoes : few ever return , some probably perish , others drift on islands either uninhabited , or if inhabited , they mingle with the natives , and tend to produce those varieties of the human race which are so observable in the Polynesian Archipelago . I frequently asked those of R ó tuma what object they had in leaving their fertile island to risk the perils of the deep ? the reply invariably was , “ R ó tuma man want to see new land : ” they thus run before the wind until they fall in with some island , or perish in a storm . Cook and others relate numerous instances of this kind . As an evidence of the great desire of the natives of both sexes to leave their native land , I may mention the offers which were made to the commander of the ship , of baskets of potatoes and hogs , as an inducement to be carried to the island of Erromanga , where our vessel was next bound to . Two hundred were taken on board for the purpose of cutting Sandal wood , but from the unhealthy state in which we found the island on our arrival , and the numerous deaths that had occurred among native gangs that had been brought by other vessels for a similar purpose , we returned to R ó tuma and landed them all safely . The perfect apathy with which they leave parents and connexions , departing with strangers to a place respecting which they are in total ignorance , is quite surprising , placing an unbounded confidence in those differing in colour , language , and customs from themselves : the young , timid females , to whom a ship was a novelty , those who had never before seen a ship , were all anxious to visit foreign climes ,— even , they said , London . Much wonder was excited , when I exhibited to the natives of this island coloured engravings of flowers , birds , butterflies , & c .; they imagined them to be the original plant or butterfly attached to the paper — no mean compliment to the artist . The engravings in Charles Bell 's Anatomy of Expression always excited much interest when shown to the Polynesians ; the plate representing Laughter never failed of exciting sympathy . A caricature representation of one of the fashionable belles of 1828 puzzled them exceedingly ; some thought it “ a bird , ” others that it was a nondescript of some kind , but when they were told that it was a Haina London , or English lady , they laughed , and said Parora , “ you are in joke , ” so incredible did it seem to their unsophisticated minds . [ 11 ] [ 10 ] From a drawing , obligingly furnished by Mr. George Bennett , Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in London , & c . [ 11 ] Abridged from the United Service Journal . MOUNT ARARAT . A short time since there were given in the St. Petersburgh Academical Journal some authentic particulars of Professor Parrot 's journey to Mount Ararat . After being baffled in repeated attempts , he at length succeeded in overcoming the obstacles which beset him , and ascertained the positive elevation of its peak to be 16 , 200 French feet : it is , therefore , more than 1 , 500 feet loftier than Mount Blanc . He describes the summit as being a circular plane , about 160 feet in circumference , joined by a gentle descent , with a second and less elevated one towards the east . The whole of the upper region of the mountain , from the height of 12 , 750 English feet , being covered with perpetual snow and ice . He afterwards ascended what is termed “ The Little Ararat , ” and reports it to be about 13 , 100 English feet high .— W. G. C . SAILING UP THE ESSEQUIBO . ( Concluded from page 360 .) A family of Indians was seen crossing the river in their log canoe , and disappearing under the bushes on the opposite side ; my companion and myself paddled after them , and we landed under some locust trees , and found an Indian settlement . The logies were sheds , open all round , and covered with the leaves of the trooly-palm , some of them twenty-four feet long ; and suspended from the bamboo timbers of the roof were hammocks of net-work , in which the men were lazily swinging . One or two of those who were awake were fashioning arrow-heads out of hard wood . The men and children were entirely naked , with the exception of the blue lap or cloth for the loins ; the women in their blue petticoat and braided hair were scraping the root of the cassava tree into a trough of bark ; it was then put into a long press of matting , which expresses the poisonous juice ; the dry farina is finally baked on an iron plate . The old women were weaving the square co ë oo or lap of beads , which they sometimes wear without a petticoat ; also armlets and ankle ornaments of beads . Some were fabricating earthen pots , and all the females seemed actively employed . They offered us a red liquor , called caseeree , prepared from the sweet potato ; also piwarry , the intoxicating beverage made by chewing the cassava , and allowing it to ferment . At their piwarry feasts the Indians prepare a small canoe full of this liquor , beside which the entertainers and their guests roll together drunk for two or three days . Their helpmates look after them , and keep them from being suffocated with the sand getting into their mouths : but piwarry is a harmless liquor , that is to say , it does not produce the disease and baneful effects of spirits , for after a sleep the Indians rise fresh and well , and only occasionally indulge in a debauch of this kind . Fish , which the men had shot with their arrows , and birds , were brought out of the canoe , and barbacoted or smoke-dried on a grating of bamboos over a fire ; and we followed an old man with a cutlass to their small fields of cassava , cleared by girdling and burning a part of the forest behind the logies . These Indians were of the Arrawak nation ; we afterwards saw Caribs , Accaways , & c . The rivers and creeks , and the whole of the interior of British Guiana at a distance from the sea , are unknown and unexplored . October and November are the driest months in the year , and the best for expeditions into the interior . I was unable to go as far up the river as I wished , from the great freshes ; the rain fell every day , yet I penetrated in all directions as far as I could , and I trust to be able , at some more favourable season , to return to that interesting country . Two years ago , a Mr. Smith , a mercantile man from Caraccas , was joined at George Town by a Lieutenant Gullifer , R. N . They proceeded down the Pomeroon river , then up the Wyeena creek , travelled across to the Coioony , sailed down it , and then went up the Essequibo to the Rio Negro , which , it appears , connects the Amazons and Oroonoco rivers . At Bara , on the Rio Negro , Mr. Smith , from sitting so long cramped up in coorials or canoes , became affected with dropsy ; and allowing himself to be tapped by an ignorant quack , died after a fortnight 's illness . Lieutenant Gullifer sailed down the Rio Negro to the Amazons , and remained at Para for some months , till he heard from England . From domestic details he received at Para , he fell into low spirits , and proceeded to Trinidad , where , one morning , he was found suspended to a beam under the steeple of the Protestant church ! His papers , and Mr. Smith 's , consisting of journals of their travels , were sent to a brother of Lieutenant Gullifer 's , on the Marocco coast of Essequibo , where I went and saw the papers , and was most anxious to obtain them for the Geographical Society ; but Mr. Gullifer said that he must consult first with the other relatives . Among other interesting details I found in the notes , I may mention the following :— High up the Essequibo they fell in with a nation of anthropophagi , of the Carib tribe . The chief received the travellers courteously , and placed before them fish with savoury sauce ; which being removed , two human hands were brought in , and a steak of human flesh ! The travellers thought that this might be part of a baboon of a new species ; however , they declined the invitation to partake , saying that , in travelling , they were not allowed to eat animal food . The chief picked the bones of the hands with excellent appetite , and asked them how they had relished the fruit and the sauce . They replied that the fish was good and the sauce excellent . To which he answered , “ Human flesh makes the best sauce for any food ; these hands and the fish were all dressed together . You see these Macooshee men , our slaves ; we lately captured these people in war , and their wives we eat from time to time . ” The travellers were horrified , but concealed their feelings , and before they retired for the night , they remarked that the Macooshee females were confined in a large logie , or shed , surrounded with a stockade of bamboos ; so that , daily the fathers , husbands , and brothers of these unfortunate women , saw them brought out , knocked on the head , and devoured by the inhuman cannibals . Lieutenant Gullifer , who was in bad condition , got into his hammock and slept soundly ; but Mr. Smith , being in excellent case , walked about all night , fearing that their landlord might take a fancy to a steak of white meat . They afterwards visited a cave , in which was a pool of water ; the Indians requested them not to bathe in this , for if they did , they would die before the year was out . They laughed at their monitors and bathed ; but sure enough were both “ clods of the valley ” before the twelvemonth had expired .— Journal of the Geographical Society , Part 2 . Fine Arts . CELEBRATED PAINTERS BORN AT ANTWERP . Alexander Adriansen , born 1625 , excelled in Fruit , Flowers , Fish , and Still Life ; John Asselyn , 1610 , Landscapes and Battles ; Jacques Backer , 1530 , History ; Francis Badens , 1571 , History and Portraits ; Hendrick Van Balen , 1560 , History and Portraits ; John Van Balen , 1611 , History , Landscapes , and Boys ; Cornelius Biskop , 1630 , Portraits and History ; John Francis Van Bloemen , called Orizzonte , 1656 , Landscape ; Peter Van Bloemen , Battles , Encampments , and Italian Markets ; Norbert Van Bloemen , 1672 , Portraits and Conversations ; Balthasar Vanden Bosch , 1675 , Conversations and Portraits ; Peter Van Breda , 1630 , Landscapes and Cattle ; John Van Breda , 1683 , History , Landscapes , and Conversations ; Charles Breydel , called Cavalier , 1677 , Landscapes ; Francis Breydel , 1679 , Portraits and Conversations ; Paul Bril , 1554 , Landscapes , large and small ; Elias Vanden Broek , 1657 , Flowers , Fruit , and Serpents ; Abraham Brueghel , called the Neapolitan , 1692 , Fruit and Flowers ; Denis Calvart , 1555 , History and Landscapes ; Joseph , or Joas Van Cleef , History and Portraits ; Henry and Martin Van Cleef , brothers , Henry painted Landscapes , and Martin History ; Giles Corgnet , called Giles of Antwerp , 1530 , History , grotesque ; Egidius , or Gillies Coningsloo , or Conixlo , 1544 , Landscapes ; Gonzalo Coques , 1618 , Portraits and Conversations ; John Cosiers , 1603 , History ; Gasper de Crayer , 1585 , History and Portraits ; Jacques Denys , 1645 , History and Portraits ; William Derkye , History ; John Baptist Van Deynum , 1620 , Portraits in Miniature , and History in Water Colours ; Peter Eykens , 1599 , History ; Francis Floris , called the Raphael of Flanders , 1520 , History ; James Fouquieres , 1580 , Landscapes ; Sebastian Franks , or Vranx , 1571 , Conversations , History , Landscapes , and Battle Pieces ; John Baptist Franks , or Vranx , 1600 , History and Conversations ; John Fytt , 1625 , Live and Dead Animals , Birds , Fruit , Flowers , and Landscapes ; William Gabron , Still Life ; Abraham Genoels , 1640 , Landscapes and Portraits ; Sir Balthasar Gabier , 1592 , Portrait in Miniature ; Gillemans , 1672 , Fruit and Still Life ; Jacob Grimmer , 1510 , Landscapes ; Peter Hardime , Fruit and Flowers ; Minderhout Hobbima , 1611 , Landscapes ; John Van Hoeck , 1600 , History and Portraits ; Robert Van Hoeck , 1609 , Battles ; Dirk , or Theodore Van Hoogeshaeten , 1596 , Landscapes and Still Life ; Cornelius Huysman , 1648 , Landscapes and Animals ; Abraham Janssens , 1569 , History ; John Van Kessel , 1626 , Flowers , Portraits , Birds , Insects , and Reptiles ; David De Koning , Animals , Birds , and Flowers ; Balthasar Van Lemens , 1637 , History ; N. Leyssens , 1661 , History ; Peter Van Lint , 1609 , History and Portraits ; Godfrey Maes , 1660 , History ; Quintin Matsys , 1460 , History and Portraits ; John Matsys , son of the above , Portrait and History ; Minderhout , 1637 , Sea Ports and Landscapes ; Peter Neefs , the old , 1570 , Churches , Perspective , and Architecture ; William Van Nieulant , 1584 , Landscapes and Architecture ; Adam Van Oort , 1557 , History , Portraits , and Landscapes ; Bonarentine , Peters , 1614 , Sea Pieces , and particularly Storms ; Erasmus Quellinus , 1607 , History ; Jacques de Roore , 1686 , History and Conversations ; Martin Ryckaert , 1591 , Landscapes , with Architecture and Ruins ; David Ryckaert , the younger , 1615 , Conversations , and Apparitions to St. Anthony ; Anthony Schoonjans , 1655 , History and Portraits ; Cornelius Schut , 1600 , History ; Peter Snayers , 1593 , History , Battles , & c .; Francis Snyders , 1579 , Animals , Fruit , Still Life , and Landscapes ; David Teniers , 1582 , Conversations ; Sir Anthony Van Dyke , 1599 , History and Portraits ; Paul Vansomer , 1576 , Portraits ; Lucas Vanuden , 1595 , Landscapes ; Adrian Van Utrecht , 1599 , Birds , Fruit , Flowers , and Dead Game ; Gasper Peter Verbruggen , 1668 , Flowers ; Simon Verelst , 1664 , Fruit , Flowers , and Portraits ; Verendael , 1659 , Fruit and Flowers ; Tobias Verhaecht , 1566 , Landscapes and Architecture ; Martin de Vos , 1520 , History , Landscape , and Portrait ; Simon De Vos , 1603 , History , Portraits , and Hunting ; Lucas De Waal , 1591 , Battles and Landscapes ; Adam Willaerts , 1577 , Storms , Calms , and Sea Ports ; John Wildens , 1584 , Landscapes and Figures . Peter Paul Rubens was of a distinguished family at Antwerp ; but his father being ( says Pilkington ) under the necessity of quitting his country , to avoid the calamities attendant on a civil war , retired for security to Cologne ; and during his residence in that city Rubens was born , in 1577 . The day of his nativity was the Feast of St. Peter and St. Paul ; and thence he received at the baptismal font the names of these apostles . Having been absent from his native country eight years , he was summoned home by the repeated illness of his mother ; but , though he hastened with all speed , he did not reach Antwerp in time to afford his beloved parent the consolations of his presence and affections . The loss of her affected him deeply ; and he intended , when he had arranged his private affairs , to go and reside in Italy ; but the Archduke Albert and the Infanta Isabella exerted their interest to retain him in Flanders , and in their service . He consequently established himself at Antwerp , where he married his first wife , Elizabeth Brants , and built a magnificent house , with a saloon in form of a rotunda , which he enriched with antique statues , busts , vases , and pictures , by the most celebrated masters ; and here , surrounded by works of art , he carried , ( says his biographer ,) into execution those numberless productions of his prolific and rich invention , which once adorned his native country , but now are become the spoil of war , and the tokens of conquest and ambition , shining with equal lustre among super-eminent productions of painting in the gallery of the Louvre . The whole of the paintings , except two , which adorn the gallery of the Luxembourg , were executed at Antwerp , by Rubens , for Mary de Medici . He died in the year 1640 , at the age of 63 ; and was buried , with extraordinary pomp , in the church of St. James , at Antwerp , under the altar of his private chapel , which he had previously decorated with a very fine picture . P. T. W . The Public Journals . ADVENTURE WITH A SHARK . ( Abridged from Tom Cringle 's Log , in Blackwood 's Magazine .) During the night we stood off and on under easy sail , and next morning , when the day broke , with a strong breeze and a fresh shower , we were about two miles of the Moro Castle , at the entrance of Santiago de Cuba . The fresh green shores of this glorious island lay before us , fringed with white surf , as the everlasting ocean in its approach to it gradually changed its dark blue colour , as the water shoaled , into a bright , joyous green under the blazing sun , as if in sympathy with the genius of the fair land , before it tumbled at his feet its gently swelling billows , in shaking thunders on the reefs and rocky face of the coast , against which they were driven up in clouds , the incense of their sacrifice . The undulating hills in the vicinity were all either cleared , and covered with the greenest verdure that imagination can picture , over which strayed large herds of cattle , or with forests of gigantic trees , from amongst which , every now and then , peeped out some palm-thatched mountain settlement , with its small thread of blue smoke floating up into the calm , clear morning air , while the blue hills in the distance rose higher and higher , and more and more blue , and dreamy , and indistinct , until their rugged summits could not be distinguished from the clouds through the glimmering hot haze of the tropics . A very melancholy accident happened to a poor boy on board , of about fifteen years of age , who had already become a great favourite of mine from his modest , quiet deportment , as well as of all the gunroom-officers , although he had not been above a fortnight in the ship . He had let himself down over the bows by the cable to bathe . There were several of his comrades standing on the forecastle looking at him , and he asked one of them to go out on the spritsail-yard , and look round to see if there were any sharks in the neighbourhood ; but all around was deep , clear , green water . He kept hold of the cable , however , and seemed determined not to put himself in harm 's way , until a little , wicked urchin , who used to wait on the warrant-officers ’ mess , a small meddling snipe of a creature , who got flogged in well behaved weeks only once , began to taunt my little mild favourite . “ Why , you chicken-heart , I 'll wager a thimbleful of grog , that such a tailor as you are in the water can n't for the life of you swim but to the buoy there . ” “ Never you mind , Pepperbottom , ” said the boy , giving the imp the name he had richly earned by repeated flagellations . “ Never you mind . I am not ashamed to show my naked hide , you know . But it is against orders in these seas to go overboard , unless with a sail underfoot ; so I sha'n ' t run the risk of being tatooed by the boatswain 's mate , like some one I could tell of . ” “ Coward , ” muttered the little wasp , “ you are afraid , sir ; ” and the other boys abetting the mischief-maker , the lad was goaded to leave his hold of the cable , and strike out for the buoy . He reached it , and then turned , and pulled towards the ship again , when he caught my eye . “ Who is that overboard ? How dare you , sir , disobey the standing order of the ship ? Come in , boy ; come in . ” My hailing the little fellow shoved him off his balance , and he lost his presence of mind for a moment or two , during which he , if any thing , widened his distance from the ship . At this instant the lad on the spritsail-yard sung out quick and suddenly , “ A shark , a shark ! ” And the monster , like a silver pillar , suddenly shot up perpendicularly from out the dark green depths of the sleeping pool , with the waters sparkling and hissing around him , as if he had been a sea-demon rushing on his prey . “ Pull for the cable , Louis , ” shouted fifty voices at once — “ pull for the cable . ” The boy did so — we all ran forward . He reached the cable — grasped it with both hands , and hung on , but before he could swing himself out of the water , the fierce fish had turned . His whitish-green belly glanced in the sun — the poor little fellow gave a heart-splitting yell , which was shattered amongst the impending rocks into piercing echoes , and these again were reverberated from cavern to cavern , until they died away amongst the hollows in the distance , as if they had been the faint shrieks of the damned — yet he held fast for a second or two — the ravenous tyrant of the sea tug , tugging at him , till the stiff , taught cable shook again . At length he was torn from his hold , but did not disappear ; the animal continuing on the surface crunching his prey with his teeth , and digging at him with his jaws , as if trying to gorge a morsel too large to be swallowed , and making the water flash up in foam over the boats in pursuit , by the powerful strokes of his tail , but without ever letting go his hold . The poor lad only cried once more — but such a cry — oh , God , I never shall forget it !— and , could it be possible , in his last shriek , his piercing expiring cry , his young voice seemed to pronounce my name — at least so I thought at the time , and others thought so too . The next moment he appeared quite dead . No less than three boats had been in the water alongside when the accident happend , and they were all on the spot by this time . And there was the bleeding and mangled boy , torn along the surface of the water by the shark , with the boats in pursuit , leaving a long stream of blood , mottled with white specks of fat and marrow in his wake . At length the man in the bow of the gig laid hold of him by the arm , another sailor caught the other arm , boat-hooks and oars were dug into and launched at the monster , who relinquished his prey at last , stripping off the flesh , however , from the upper part of the right thigh , until his teeth reached the knee , where he nipped the shank clean off , and made sail with the leg in his jaws . Poor little Louis never once moved after we took him in .— I thought I heard a small , still , stern voice thrill along my nerves , as if an echo of the beating of my heart had become articulate . “ Thomas , a fortnight ago , you impressed that poor boy , who was , and now is not , out of a Bristol ship . ” Alas , conscience spoke no more than the truth . Our instructions were to lie at St. Jago , until three British ships , then loading , were ready for sea , and then to convey them through the Caicos , or windward passage . As our stay was therefore likely to be ten days or a fortnight at the shortest , the boats were hoisted out , and we made our little arrangements and preparations for taking all the recreation in our power , and our worthy skipper , taught and stiff as he was at sea , always encouraged all kinds of fun and larking , both amongst the men and the officers on occasions like the present . Amongst his other pleasant qualities , he was a great boat-racer , constantly building and altering gigs , and pulling-boats , at his own expense , and matching the men against each other for small prizes . He had just finished what the old carpenter considered his chef-d'oeuvre , and a curious affair this same masterpiece was . In the first place it was forty-two feet long over all , and only three and a half feet beam — the planking was not much above an eighth of an inch in thickness , so that if one of the crew had slipped his foot off the stretcher , it must have gone through the bottom . There was a standing order that no man was to go into it with shoes on . She was to pull six oars , and her crew were the captains of the tops , the primest seamen in the ship , and the steersman no less a character than the skipper himself . Her name , for I love to be particular , was the Dragon-fly ; she was painted out and in of a bright red , amounting to a flame colour — oars red — the men wearing trousers and shirts of red flannel , and red net night caps — which common uniform the captain himself wore , I think I have said before , that he was a very handsome man , and when he had taken his seat , and the gigs , all fine men , were seated each with his oar held upright upon his knees ready to be dropped into the water at the same instant , the craft and her crew formed to my eye as pretty a plaything for grown children as ever was seen . “ Give way , men , ” the oars dipped as clean as so many knives , without a sparkle , the gallant fellows stretched out , and away shot the Dragon-fly , like an arrow , the green water foaming into white smoke at the bows , and hissing away in her wake . She disappeared in a twinkling round a reach of the canal where we were anchored , and we , that is the gunroom-officers , all except the second lieutenant , who had the watch , and the master , now got into our own gig also , rowed by ourselves , and away we all went in a covey ; the purser and doctor , and three of the middies forward , Thomas Cringle , gent ., pulling the stroke oar , with old Moses Yerk as coxswain ;— and as the Dragon-flies were all red , so we were all sea-green , boat , oars , trousers , shirts , and night-caps . The strain was between the Devil 's Darning Needle and our boat , the Watersprite , which was making capital play , for although we had not the bottom of the topmen , yet we had more blood , so to speak , and we had already beaten them , in their last gig , all to sticks . But the Dragon-fly was a new boat , and now in the water for the first time . * * * We were both of us so intent on our own match , that we lost sight of the Spaniard altogether , and the captain and the first lieutenant were bobbing in the sternsheets of their respective gigs like a couple of souple Tams , as intent on the game as if all our lives had depended on it , when in an instant the long , black , dirty prow of the canoe was thrust in between us , the old Don singing out , “ Dexa mi lugar , paysanos , dexa mi lugar , mis hijos . "[ 12 ] We kept away right and left , to look at the miracle ; and there lay the canoe , rumbling and splashing , with her crew walloping about , and grinning and yelling like incarnate fiends , and as naked as the day they were born , and the old Don himself , so staid and sedate , and drawley as he was a minute before , now all alive , shouting , “ Tira , diablitos , tira ,"[ 13 ] flourishing a small paddle , with which he steered , about his head like a wheel , and dancing and jumping about in his seat , as if his bottom had been a haggis with quicksilver in it . “ Zounds , ” roared the skipper ,— “ why , topmen — why gentlemen , give way for the honour of the ship — Gentlemen , stretch out — Men , pull like devils ; twenty pounds if you beat him . ” It was now the evening , near night-fall . A splendid scene burst upon our view , on rounding a precipitous rock , from the crevices of which some magnificent trees shot up — their gnarled trunks and twisted branches overhanging the canal where we were pulling , and anticipating the fast falling darkness that was creeping over the fair face of nature ; and there we floated , in the deep shadow of the cliff and trees — Dragon-flies and Water-sprites , motionless and silent , and the boats floating so lightly that they scarcely seemed to touch the water , the men resting on their oars , and all of us wrapped with the magnificence of the scenery around us , beneath us , and above us . The left or western bank of the narrow entrance to the harbour , from which we were now debouching , ran out in all its precipitousness and beauty , ( with its dark evergreen bushes overshadowing the deep blue waters , and its gigantic trees shooting forth high into the glowing western sky , their topmost branches gold-tipped in the flood of radiance shed by the rapidly sinking sun , while all below where we lay was grey cold shade ,) until it joined the northern shore , when it sloped away gradually towards the east ; the higher parts of the town sparkling in the evening sun , on this dun ridge , like a golden tower on the back of an elephant , while the houses that were in the shade covered the declivity , until it sank down to the water 's edge . On the right hand the haven opened boldly out into a basin about four miles broad by seven long , in which the placid waters spread out beyond the shadow of the western bank into one vast sheet of molten gold , with the canoe tearing along the shining surface , her side glancing in the sun , and her paddles flashing back his rays , and leaving a long train of living fire sparkling in her wake .— It was now about six o'clock in the evening ; the sun had set to us , as we pulled along under the frowning brow of the cliff , where the birds were fast settling on their nightly perches , with small happy twitterings , and the lizards and numberless other chirping things began to send forth their evening hymn to the great Being who made them and us , and a solitary white-sailing owl would every now and then flit spectrelike from one green tuft , across the bald face of the cliff , to another , and the small divers around us were breaking up the black surface of the waters into little sparkling circles as they fished for their suppers . All was becoming brown and indistinct near us ; but the level beams of the setting sun still lingered with a golden radiance upon the lovely city , and the shipping at anchor before it , making their sails , where loosed to dry , glance like leaves of gold , and their spars , and masts , and rigging like wires of gold , and gilding their flags , which were waving majestically and slow from the peaks in the evening breeze ; and the Moorish-looking steeples of the churches were yet sparkling in the glorious blaze , which was gradually deepening into gorgeous crimson , while the large pillars of the cathedral , then building on the highest part of the ridge , stood out like brazen monuments , softening even as we looked into a Stonehenge of amethysts . We had not pulled fifty yards , when we heard the distant rattle of the muskets of the sentries at the gangways , as they discharged them at sundown , and were remarking , as we were rowing leisurely along , upon the strange effect produced by the reports , as they were frittered away amongst the overhanging cliffs in chattering reverberations , when the captain suddenly sung out , “ Oars ! ” All hands lay on them . “ Look there , ” he continued — “ There — between the gigs — saw you ever any thing like that , gentlemen ? ” We all leant over ; and although the boats , from the way they had , were skimming along nearer seven than five knots — there lay a large shark ; he must have been twelve feet long at the shortest , swimming right in the middle , and equi-distant from both , and keeping way with us most accurately . He was distinctly visible , from the strong and vivid phosphorescence excited by his rapid motion through the sleeping waters of the dark creek , which lit up his jaws , and head , and whole body ; his eyes were especially luminous , while a long wake of sparkles streamed away astern of him from the lashing of his tail . As the boats lost their speed , the luminousness of his appearance faded gradually as he shortened sail also , until he disappeared altogether . He was then at rest , and suspended motionless in the water ; and the only thing that indicated his proximity , was an occasional sparkle from the motion of a fin . We brought the boats nearer together , after pulling a stroke or two , but he seemed to sink as we closed , until at last we could merely distinguish an indistinct halo far down in the clear black profound . But as we separated , and resumed our original position , he again rose near the surface ; and although the ripple and dip of the oars rendered him invisible while we were pulling , yet the moment we again rested on them , there was the monster , like a persecuting fiend , once more right between us , glaring on us , and apparently watching every motion . It was a terrible spectacle , and rendered still more striking by the melancholy occurrence of the forenoon . “ That 's the very identical , damnable baste himself , as murthered poor little Louis this morning , yeer honour ; I knows him from the torn flesh of him under his larboard blinker , sir — just where Wiggen 's boat hook punished him , ” quoth the Irish captain of the mizzen-top . “ A water-kelpie , ” murmured another of the Captain 's gigs , a Scotchman . The men were evidently alarmed , “ Stretch out , men : never mind the shark . He can n't jump into the boat surely , ” said the skipper . “ What the deuce are you afraid of ? ” We arrived within pistol-shot of the ship . As we approached , the sentry hailed , “ Boat , ahoy ! ” “ Firebrand , ” sung out the skipper , in reply . “ Man the side — gangway lanterns there , ” quoth the officer on duty ; and by the time we were close to , there were two sidesmen over the side with the manropes ready stuck out to our grasp , and two boys with lanterns above them . We got on deck . [ 12 ] “ Leave me room , countrymen — leave me room , my children . ” [ 13 ] Equivalent to “ Pull , you devils , pull ! ” The Gatherer . The Emperor Adrian and the Architect Apollodorus .— When Apollodorus was conversing with Trajan on some plans of architecture , Adrian interfered , and gave an opinion , which the artist treated with contempt . “ Go , ” says he , “ and paint gourds ” ( an amusement which Adrian was fond of ) , “ for you are very ignorant of the subject on which we are conversing . ” When Adrian became emperor , the affront was remembered , and it prevented Apollodorus from being employed . Nor was the opinion which Apollodorus gave with respect to the plans of a sumptuous temple of Venus forgotten : viz .— upon seeing the statues sitting , as they were , in the temple ( which , it seems , wanted much of its due proportion in height ) , he said , “ if the goddesses should ever attempt to stand upon their feet , they would assuredly break their heads against the ceiling . ” Adrian , meanly jealous and inexcusably revengeful , banished the architect , and having caused him to be accused of various crimes , put him to death . P. T. W . Juan Rufa said — “ There are two classes of persons who are inconsolable , the rich on the point of death , and women on the departure of their beauty . ” He said , on another occasion , “ that he who defined a compliment to be an agreeable falsehood , which serves as a net to catch dupes , was not far short of the truth , since the greater part of compliments are expressions directly at variance with internal conviction . ” Dice are said to have been invented by Palamedes , at the siege of Troy , for the amusement of the soldiers . ANNUALS FOR 1833 . The time requisite for the completion of a large and picturesque Engraving compels us to defer the Supplement , containing the SPIRIT of the ANNUALS , till our next Number . Printed and published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 . Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; CHARLES JUGEL , Francfort ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .