THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 14 , No . 393 .] SATURDAY , OCTOBER 10 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . Glammis Castle Glammis Castle Here is a castellated palace , or princely castle , associated with many great and daring events in the roll of Scottish history . It stands in the valley of Strathmore , in a park of 160 acres , a little to the north of Glammis , a village of Angus , N. B . The original foundation is of high antiquity ; for Malcolm II . was assassinated here in the year 1034 , and the chamber in which he expired is still shown . Two obelisks , one near the Manse , and the other in a neighbouring field , denote the places where he was attacked . In this castle also , according to some historians , Macbeth murdered Duncan . We notice , however , that Sir Walter Scott , in his recently-published version of the story of Macbeth , states the murder to have been committed at “ a great castle near Inverness , ” in which he is corroborated by B æ thius , who says , the castle stood upon an eminence south-east of Inverness . But Fordun says the murder was perpetrated near Elgin ; and others say at Cawdor Castle . The Castle originally consisted of two rectangular towers , longer than broad , with walls of fifteen feet in thickness ; they were connected by a square projection , and together formed a figure somewhat like the letter Z , saving that in the castle all the angles were right ones ; this form gave mutual defence to every part of the building . It contains a spiral staircase of 143 steps , reaching from the bottom to the top of the building . Glammis Castle is still the seat of the Strathmore family . It was given by Robert I. of Scotland , in the year 1376 , with his daughter , to John Lyon , Lord Glammis , chancellor of Scotland . Great alterations and additions were made to the building by Patrick , Earl of Strathmore , his lineal heir and successor : these improvements , according to the above cited plan , a date carved on a stone on the outside of the building , and other authorities , were made in the year 1606 , and not in 1686 , as is said in an old print engraved about that time , and from which our view is copied . The architect employed on this occasion , as tradition reports , was Inigo Jones ; indeed , the work seems greatly to resemble Heriot 's Hall at Edinburgh , and other buildings designed by him . The great hall was finished in the year 1621 ; it is a handsome room with a carved ceiling , adorned with heads and ornaments in stucco . Among the apartments shown to visitors , are a wardrobe containing a curious collection of old state dresses ; the armoury , in which are preserved the sword and coat of mail of Macbeth , as well as some articles supposed to have been carried off by Malcolm 's murderers , and found in the Loch of Forfar , during the last century ; and the chapel built about 1500 , the furniture of which remains in its original state . Here also are about one hundred portraits ; among which is a large picture , in a carved frame , representing Earl Patrick and his three sons ; in the background is a view of the castle , as it was in the year 1683 . At that time there were three gates leading from the park . Some idea may be formed of the extent of this establishment from the circumstance of eighty beds being made up within the house , for the Pretender and his retinue , during their sojourn here , besides those for the inferior servants , in the offices out of doors . The forfeiture of the estate was prevented by the earl 's brother being killed at the head of his regiment on Shiremore . In the courtyard is shown a stone , on which is engraved a cross and divers figures , said to allude to the murder of Malcolm , and the death of the murderers , who attempting to cross the Lake of Forfar , then slightly frozen over , the ice broke , and they were drowned : this stone is described and engraved by Mr. Pennant , in his Tour through Scotland . By way of enlivening these historical data , and as an epigrammatic conclusion to our description , we subjoin a pleasant little anecdote related by Sir Walter Scott , of a certain old Earl of Strathmore , who , in superintending some improvements of the castle , displayed an eccentric love of uniformity . “ The earl and his gardener directed all in the garden and pleasure-grounds upon the ancient principle of exact correspondence between the different parts , so that each alley had its brother — a principle now renounced by gardeners . It chanced once upon a time that a fellow was caught committing some petty theft , and , being taken in the manner , was sentenced by the Bailie M'Wheeble of the jurisdiction to stand for a certain time in the baronial pillory , called the jougs , being a collar and chain attached to the uppermost portal of the great avenue which led to the castle . The thief was turned over accordingly to the gardener as the ground officer , to see the punishment duly inflicted . When the Thane of Glammis returned from his morning ride , he was surprised to find both sides of the gateway accommodated each with a prisoner . He asked the gardener , whom he found watching the place of punishment , as his duty required , whether another delinquent had been detected ? ‘ No , my lord , ’ said the gardener , in the tone of a man excellently well satisfied with himself , ‘ but I thought the single fellow looked very awkward standing on one side of the gateway , so I gave half-a-crown to one of the labourers to stand on the other side for uniformity 's sake . ’ ” ON LOCALITIES : LITERARY RECOLLECTIONS OF LONDON . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) No intellectual enjoyment , in my opinion , can surpass the delight we experience when traversing those spots of the habitable earth where celebrated warriors fought , minstrels sang , philosophers pondered , or where philanthropists have immortalized their names by deeds of charity . To roam through the romantic vales of Italy — surrounded at all turns by the sad memorials of its former magnificence — the mighty ruins of its temples and palaces , and the mutilated remains of its statues and triumphal columns , conveying to the mind mournful images of the fallen fates of those who had for ages been its proud possessors ; where the Mantuan bard first caught inspiration from the deathless muse ; where Tully charmed the listening throng , whilst defending with mild persuasion the arts and the sciences he loved , and condemning in terrible denunciations the mad ambition that threatened the destruction of his country ; to wander among its groves , and say , here Ovid , in lonely exile , soothed his sorrows with the melody of his heaven-inspired strain ; here Petrarch wooed his much-loved Laura in sonnets soft as the affection that gave them birth ; here Tasso made history and Jerusalem immortal by crowning them with the garlands of his Promethean genius ; and here Ariosto , Dante , Metastasio , and a galaxy of poets and philosophers shed the splendour of their gifted imaginations on the expiring greatness of their country . Where is the portion of the civilized globe that has not some delightful reminiscence connected with it ? There is not a country in the world , even the most barbarous , where the inhabitants will not feel pride and pleasure in pointing out to your attention some sacred spot ever dear to their memories : some battle-field or scene of conquest ; some warrior 's grave ; some monarch 's sepulchre , or some chieftain or legislator 's dwelling . And what shall we say of the classic soil of Greece ? where the eye cannot turn , or the foot move to a place which is not eternalized by its associations : where the waters will not remind you of Castalian founts ; the flowers of Parnassian wreaths ; the eminences of the Phocian hills ; and where the air of all breathes inspiration . To a mind prone to contemplation , a walk through Athens must awaken the most exquisite reveries . Although “ fallen from its high estate , ” there is enough in the tottering ruins which yet remain to recall the history of its ancient grandeur : the shattered Acropolis and the Pyraeus tell the tale of other days , in language at once pathetic and intelligible — “ The time has been when they were young and proud , Banners on high and battles pass 'd below . ” The mind must be distracted with the multiplicity of its recollections ; all that is great or good or glorious in our nature , must be identified with some forcible remembrance ; and heroes , poets , statesmen , patriots , legislators , philosophers , and the historical events connected with their names , must congregate before us in sublime and touching similitude . “ Alas , poor country ! ” — On those shores the monuments of science and of art , which drew admirers from the remotest corners of the earth , are now demolished by the savage and cowardly slaves of a despot , who is himself a slave ; the eloquence which swayed the passions of applauding multitudes is dumb ; the pencil of Appelles that breathed over the canvass , and the chisel of Praxiteles that gave life and animation to shapeless blocks , are now no more ; and the all-powerful lyre , whose sweeping chords would rouse the soul to rage or melt it into pity , is now , and perhaps FOR EVER , mute and unstrung ! These observations , which you may think too enthusiastic , were elicited by the perusal of an article in your No . 388 , entitled “ A Desultory Chapter on Localities . ” Your Correspondent states , that “ it is needless to travel to foreign countries in search of localities . In our own metropolis and its environs a diligent inquirer will find them at every step . ” The following Collection will serve to confirm the truth of his statement , and should you deem it worthy “ a local habitation ” in your excellent journal , I doubt not it will prove interesting , if not quite new to many of your readers . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] Is not this very interesting extract by Leigh Hunt ?— We have not his Indicator at hand for reference . C. E . “ In St. Giles ’ Church lie Chapman , the earliest and best translator of Homer ; and Andrew Marvell , the wit and patriot , whose poverty Charles II . could not bribe .— Who would suppose that the Borough was the most classical ground in the metropolis ? And yet it is undoubtedly so . The Globe Theatre was there , of which Shakspeare himself was a proprietor , and for which he wrote his plays . Globe-lane , in which it stood , is still extant , we believe , under that name . It is probable that he lived near it : it is certain that he must have been much there . It is also certain that on the Borough side of the river , then and still called the Bank-side , in the same lodging , having the same wardrobe , and some say , with other participations more remarkable , lived Beaumont and Fletcher . In the Borough , also , at St. Saviour 's , lie Fletcher and Massinger in one grave ; in the same church , under a monument and effigy , lies Chaucer 's contemporary , Gower ; and from an inn in the Borough , the existence of which is still boasted , and the site pointed out by a picture and inscription , Chaucer set out his pilgrims and himself on their famous road to Canterbury . “ To return over the water , who would expect any thing poetical from East Smithfield ? Yet there was born the most poetical even of poets , Spenser . Pope was born within the sound of Bowbell , in a street no less anti-poetical than Lombard-street . So was Gray , in Cornhill . So was Milton , in Bread-street , Cheapside . The presence of the same great poet and patriot has given happy memories to many parts of the metropolis . He lived in St. Bride 's Churchyard , Fleet-street ; in Alders-gate-street , in Jewin-street , in Barbican , in Bartholomew-close ; in Holborn , looking back to Lincoln 's Inn Fields ; in Holborn , near Red-lion-square ; in Scotland-yard ; in a house looking to St. James ’ Park , now belonging to an eminent writer on legislation , and lately occupied by a celebrated critic and metaphysician ; and he died in Artillery-walk , Bunhill-fields ; and was buried in St. Giles ’ , Cripplegate . “ Ben Jonson , who was born ‘ in Hartshorne-lane , near Charing-cross , ’ was at one time ‘ master ’ of a theatre in Barbican . He appears also to have visited a tavern called the Sun and Moon , in Aldersgate-street ; and is known to have frequented with Beaumont and others , the famous one called the Mermaid , which was in Cornhill . “ The other celebrated resort of the great wits of that time was the Devil Tavern , in Fleet-street , close to Temple-bar . Ben Jonson lived also in Bartholomew-close , where Milton afterwards lived . It was in the passage from the cloisters of Christ 's Hospital into St. Bartholomew 's . Aubrey gives it as a common opinion , that at the time when Jonson 's father-in-law made him help him in his business of bricklayer , he worked with his own hands upon the Lincoln 's Inn garden wall , which looks upon Chancery-lane , and which seems old enough to have some of his illustrious brick and mortar still remaining . “ Under the cloisters in Christ 's Hospital ( which stand in the heart of the city unknown to most persons , like a house kept invisible for young and learned eyes ) lie buried a multitude of persons of all ranks ; for it was once a monastery of Gray Friars . Among them is John of Bourbon , one of the prisoners taken at the battle of Agincourt . Here also lies Thomas Burdet , ancestor of the present Sir Francis , who was put to death in the reign of Edward IV ., for wishing the horns of a favourite white stag , which the King had killed , in the body of the person who advised him to do it . And here too ( a sufficing contrast ) lies Isabella , wife of Edward II . ‘ She , wolf of France , with unrelenting fangs , Who tore the bowels of her mangled mate ’ GRAY . “ Her ‘ mate 's ’ heart was buried with her , and placed upon her bosom ! a thing that looks like the fantastic incoherence of a dream . It is well we did not know of her presence when at school ; or after reading one of Shakspeare 's tragedies , we should have run twice as fast round the cloisters at night time , as we used . Camden , ‘ the nourrice of antiquitie , ’ received part of his education in this school ; and here also , not to mention a variety of others known in the literary world , were bred two of the most powerful and deep-spirited writers of the present day ; whose visits to the cloisters we well remember . “ In a palace on the site of Hatton-garden , died John of Gaunt . Brook House , at the corner of the street of that name in Holborn , was the residence of the celebrated Sir Fulke Greville , Lord Brook , the ‘ friend of Sir Philip Sydney . ’ In the same street , died , by a voluntary death , of poison , that extraordinary person , Thomas Chatterton — - ‘ The sleepless boy , who perished in his pride . ’ WORDSWORTH . He was buried in the workhouse in Shoe-lane ; a circumstance , at which one can hardly help feeling a movement of indignation . Yet what could beadles and parish officers know about such a being ? No more than Horace Walpole . In Gray 's Inn , lived , and in Gray 's Inn Garden meditated , Lord Bacon . In Southampton-row , Holborn , Cowper was a fellow-clerk to an attorney with the future Lord Chancellor Thurlow . At the Fleet-street corner of Chancery-lane , Cowley , we believe , was born . In Salisbury-court , Fleet-street , was the house of Thomas Sackville , first Earl of Dorset , the precursor of Spenser , and one of the authors of the first regular English tragedy . On the demolition of this house , part of the ground was occupied by the celebrated theatre built after the Restoration , at which Betterton performed , and of which Sir William Davenant was manager . Lastly , here was the house and printing-office of Richardson . In Bolt-court , not far distant , lived Dr. Johnson , who resided also for some time in the Temple . A list of his numerous other residences is to be found in Boswell [ 2 ] . Congreve died in Surrey-street , in the Strand , at his own house . At the corner of Beaufort-buildings , was Lilly 's , the perfumer , at whose house the Tatler was published . In Maiden-lane , Covent-garden , Voltaire lodged while in London , at the sign of the White Peruke . Tavistock-street was then , we believe , the Bond-street of the fashionable world ; as Bow-street was before . The change of Bow-street from fashion to the police , with the theatre still in attendance , reminds one of the spirit of the Beggar 's Opera . Button 's Coffee-house , the resort of the wits of Queen 's Anne 's time , was in Russell-street — we believe , near where the Hummums now stand . We think we recollect reading also , that in the same street , at one of the corners of Bow-street , was the tavern where Dryden held regal possession of the arm chair . The whole of Covent-garden is classic ground , from its association with the dramatic and other wits of the times of Dryden and Pope . Butler lived , perhaps died , in Rose-street , and was buried in Covent-garden Churchyard ; where Peter Pindar the other day followed him . In Leicester-square , on the site of Miss Linwood 's exhibition and other houses , was the town mansion of the Sydneys , Earls of Leicester , and the family of Sir Philip and Algernon Sydney . In the same square lived Sir Joshua Reynolds . Dryden lived and died in Gerrard-street , in a house which looked backwards into the garden of Leicester House . Newton lived in St. Martin'shYpppHeNstreet , on the south side of the square . Steele lived in Bury-street , St. James ’ ; he furnishes an illustrious precedent for the loungers in St. James ’ - street , where scandal-mongers of those times delighted to detect Isaac Bickerstaff in the person of captain Steele , idling before the Coffee-house , and jerking his leg and stick alternately against the pavement . We have mentioned the birth of Ben Jonson , near Charing-cross . Spenser died at an inn , where he put up on his arrival from Ireland , in King-street , Westminster — the same which runs at the back of Parliament-street to the Abbey . Sir Thomas More lived at Chelsea . Addison lived and died in Holland House , Kensington , now the residence of the accomplished nobleman who takes his title from it . In Brook-street , Grosvenor-square , lived Handel ; and in Bentinck-street , Manchester-square , Gibbon . We have omitted to mention that De Foe kept a hosier 's shop in Cornhill ; and that , on the site of the present Southampton-buildings , Chancery-lane , stood the mansion of the Wriothesleys , Earls of Southampton , one of whom was the celebrated friend of Shakspeare . But what have we not omitted also ? No less an illustrious head than the Boar 's , in Eastcheap — the Boar 's Head Tavern , the scene of Falstaff 's revels . We believe the place is still marked out by a similar sign . But who knows not Eastcheap and the Boar 's Head ? Have we not all been there time out of mind ? And is it not a more real , as well as notorious thing to us , than the London Tavern , or the Crown and Anchor , or the Hummums , or White 's , or What'shYpppHeNhishYpppHeNname ' s , or any other of your contemporary and fleeting taps ? [ 2 ] The Temple must have had many eminent inmates . Among them , it is believed , was Chaucer , who is also said , upon the strength of an old record , to have been fined two shillings for beating a Franciscan Friar in Fleet-street . “ Before we rest our wings , however , we must take another dart over the city , as far as Stratford at Bow , where , with all due tenderness for boarding-school French , a joke of Chaucer has existed as a piece of local humour for nearly four hundred and fifty years . Speaking of the Prioress , who makes such a delicate figure among his Canterbury Pilgrims , he tells us , among her other accomplishments , that — ‘ French she spake full faire and featously ; ’ adding with great gravity , ‘ After the school of Stratford atte Bowe ; For French of Paris was to her unknowe . ’ CURIOUS FACTS RELATING TO SLEEP . ( For the Mirror .) “ Next to those nourishments that sustain the body ( says Dr. Venner ) moderate and seasonable sleep is most profitable and necessary . It helps digestion , recreates the mind , repairs the spirits , and comforts and refreshes the whole body . ” It is also observed by Dr. Hufeland , that “ sleep is one of the wisest regulations of nature , to check and moderate at fixed periods , the incessant and impetuous stream of vital consumption . It forms as it were , stations for our physical and moral existence , and we thereby obtain the happiness of being daily reborn , and of passing every morning through a state of annihilation , into a new and refreshed life . ” The writer of the article “ Sleep . ” in Rees 's Cyclop æ dia , says , “ the proportion of time passed in sleep differs in different persons , and at different ages . From six to nine hours may be reckoned about the average proportion . Men of active minds whose attention is engaged in a series of interesting enjoyments , sleep much less than the listless and indolent , and the same individual will spend fewer hours in this way , when strongly interested in any pursuits , than when the stream of life is gentle and undisturbed . The Great Frederic of Prussia , and John Hunter , who devoted every moment of their time to the most active employments of body and mind , generally took only four or five hours ’ sleep . A rich and lazy citizen , whose life is merely a chronicle of breakfast , dinners , suppers , and sleep , will slumber away ten or twelve hours daily . When any subject strongly occupies us , it keeps us awake in spite of ourselves . The newly born child sleeps most of its time , and seems to wake merely for the purpose of feeding . Very old persons sleep much of their time ; in the natural progress towards death , the animal faculties are first extinguished ; accordingly , when they begin to decline in decrepit old age , the periods of their intermissions are longer . The celebrated De Moivre , when eighty-three years of age , was awake only four hours out of the twenty-four ; and Thomas Parr at last slept the greatest part of his time . An eye-witness relates that some boys , completely exhausted by exertion , fell asleep amid all the tumult of the battle of the Nile ; and other instances are known of soldiers sleeping amid discharges of artillery , and all the tumult of war . Couriers are known to sleep on horseback , and coachmen on their coaches . A gentleman who saw the fact , reported , to the writer of this article , that many soldiers in the retreat of Sir John Moore , fell asleep on the march , and continued walking on . Even stripes and tortures cannot keep off sleep beyond a certain time . Noises at first prevent us from sleeping , but their influence soon ceases , and persons rest soundly in the most noisy situations . The proprietors of some vast iron-works , who slept close to them , through the incessant din of hammers , forges , and blast furnaces , would awake if there were any interruption during the night . And a miller , being very ill and unable to sleep , when his mill was stopped , on his account , rested well and recovered quickly when the mill was set going again . Great hunger prevents sleep , and cold affecting a part of the body has the same effect . These causes operated on the unfortunate women who lived thirty-four days in a small room overwhelmed by snow , and with the slightest sustenance , they hardly slept the whole time . ” P. T. W . PERU : SIMPLICITY OF PASTORAL LIFE . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) After all that has been written and said on South America , by many recent travellers , it may probably be thought that the following remarks are rather out of time ; but as a single fact may sometimes serve to show the state of a country more forcibly than volumes , I am induced to relate an anecdote which will throw a little light on the present situation of one portion of the natives of Peru . The Andes take their rise literally at the “ end of the World ; ” for Cape Horn certainly deserves that epithet , and the Straights of Magellan , which divide Terra del Fuego from the continent are comparatively no more than a mountain stream in a hilly country , so that that island may without any impropriety be deemed a part of it . The Andes are not one continuous chain of mountains ; but an immensity of piles raised one on another , at different elevations of which are extensive plains , termed “ Pampas , ” some of which appear as boundless as the horizon , and totally divested of herbage . On one of these plains , called the Pampa of Diesmo , in the province of Junin , I was detained some days at the only hut to be seen for leagues . One of the arre ó ros , or muleteers , with me , a native of Madrid , remarked on the solitude of the spot , adding , with a sigh , “ This was a different place when first I visited it . ” Within about half a mile from where we were then conversing was an astonishing freak of Nature . In the midst of the plain were about one hundred naked rocks rising abruptly from the surface , in detached groups , some of which were as high as St. Paul 's , and many appeared like the spires of a cathedral . Pointing to these eminences , the muleteer went on to say , “ for five months these rocks were my refuge from white men , and from them have I seen an army of twenty-five thousand men traverse this plain again and again ; their only support for nearly fourteen months being drawn from the spot . ” On asking an explanation , he bid me look round and say if I thought I could count the number of sheep on the Pampa . I readily answered I did not think there were fifty . “ What will you say , sir , ” said he , “ when I tell you that sixteen years since , there were , on this plain alone , eight hundred thousand sheep ! besides oxen ; at that time there was scarcely an Indian that did not possess at least two thousand , and this was only a part of the wealth of Peru . The desolation that now exists may justly be laid to the account of a revolution , which has only been the means of creating a spirit of animosity amongst those who before were cordially united ; you yourself must be aware that if it were known I was a Godo , ( Old Spaniard ) , my life would not be worth an hour 's purchase ; another thing you have yourself experienced , is the total absence of hospitality in Peru . This is also an effect of the revolution ; for at the time I alluded to , a stranger in this country need not expend a maravedi in travelling ; but those days , I fear , will never return . ” This conversation occurred in the summer of 1827 , and there are a few readers of the MIRROR who were then in Peru , who will readily recognise the writer . VIATOR . ON FEAR . By Sir Thomas More . If evils come not , then our fears are vain , And if they do , fear but augments the pain . MANNERS & CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . SKIMINGTON RIDING . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) I have been amused by the accounts given in a former volume of the MIRROR , of the curious custom called “ Stanging ; ” may I be allowed to edge in a few words descriptive of a ceremony belonging to the same order , which prevails in my native county , ( Dorset ) , instituted and practised on the same occasions as those mentioned in vol . xii ., but differing from them in many material points , and in my opinion partaking more of the theatrical cast than either of those two mentioned by your correspondents . Having been an eye witness to one or two of these exhibitions , I am enabled to give an accurate account of the same . The name which they give to this ceremony , as near as I can make out from the pronunciation , is Skimington Riding ; the origin of which name I have endeavoured in vain to ascertain . The ceremony commences by two fellows armed with stump brooms mounting on a ladder borne by four or five more of the crowd , when sitting back to back , they commence a fierce attack on each other with the brooms over their shoulders , maintaining at the same time as the procession advances , a scolding dialogue , or rather duet ; one of them squeaking to represent the angry tones of the better half , while the other growls his complaints an octave below . In this manner , accompanied by the shouts of the crowd , the rattling of old tin kettles , and the blowing of cow 's horns , producing altogether a horrible din , they parade before the dwelling house of some peace-breaking couple ; and should they be in possession of any word or words made use of by the unhappy pair in their squabbles , you may be sure such expressions are repeated with all due emphasis by the performers on the ( stage ) ladder . After making as much noise as they possibly can before the fated dwelling , where they sometimes meet with a most ungracious reception , they proceed in the same style through all the streets of the parish in order that the whole place may be apprized of the conduct of the offending couple ; and they keep up the game as long as they possibly can . Sturminster . RURIS . A SEA-SIDE MAYOR . ( For the Mirror .) At Yarmouth , a person is selected from among those employed on the beach during the fishing season , who is denominated the Sea-side Mayor , his office being to inflict certain punishments and penalties on such fishermen as are found guilty of pilfering herrings , & c . The fishing commences in the latter part of September , a day or two previous to which a procession goes round the town , the object and order of which are as follow :— A person grotesquely attired , and carrying a trident , to represent Neptune , [ 3 ] precedes , followed by four or five men bearing colours with inscriptions of “ Prosperity to the town of Yarmouth . ” “ Death to our best Friends , ” ( meaning the herrings ) , “ Success to the Herring Fishery , ” & c. Then follows a band of musicians . The Sea-side Mayor ( dressed as a sailor , and wearing a gilt chain around his neck ) brings up the rear , in a handsome boat built for the occasion , and borne on the shoulders of ten or a dozen men , wearing white ribands on the breast of their jackets and on their hats . [ 3 ] An individual named Joseph Penny , was for many years the representative of Neptune . He was a man of daring spirit , and there are many living at this time who were indebted to his intrepidity for being rescued from drowning . In the month of November 1825 , accompanied by his son , he went off from the beach in an open boat , to a vessel in distress , soon after which the boat was washed ashore , with the body of the son entangled in the rigging ; but the father was never again heard of . In this order the procession calls at the shops of different tradespeople , or any one at all connected with the herring fishery , where they solicit contributions , and those who are disposed to be liberal , are honoured with a tune from the musicians , and the cheering of the mayor . After parading the town they retire to a tavern to dinner . A great number of French and Dutch fishing boats resort to Yarmouth at the herring fishing , and on the Sunday previous to the 21st of September , “ Dutch Fair , ” as it is denominated , is held on the beach , and presents a novel and interesting appearance . From twenty to thirty of their flat bottomed boats are run on shore at high water , and as the tide recedes , are left high and dry . Dutch pipes , dried flounders , wooden shoes , apples , and gingerbread , are then offered for sale , and if the weather be fine , the beach is thronged with company , many of whom come from a great distance . W. S. L . SAXON NAMES OF THE MONTHS . ( For the Mirror .) December , which stood first , was styled “ Mid-winter monath . ” January was “ Aefter-yule , ” or after Christmas . February “ Sol-monath , ” from the returning sun . March “ Rhede , or Rhede monath , ” rough , or rugged month . April “ Easter monath , ” from a favourite Saxon goddess , whose name we still preserve . May was “ Trimilchi , ” from the cows being then milked thrice in the day . June “ Sere monath , ” dry month . July “ Maed monath , ” the meads being then in their bloom . August was “ Weod monath , ” from the luxuriance of weeds . September “ Haerfest monath . ” October they called “ Winter fylleth , ” from winter approaching with the full moon of that month . And lastly , November was styled “ Blot monath , ” from the blood of the cattle slain that month , and stored for winter provision . Verstegan names the months somewhat differently . P. T. W . CURIOUS BEQUEST . ( For the Mirror .) John Wardell , by will , dated August 29 , 1656 , gave to the Grocers ’ Company , a tenement known by the name of the White Bear , in Walbrook , to the intent that they should yearly , within thirty days after Michaelmas , pay to the churchwardens of St. Botolph , Billingsgate , £ 4 . to provide a good and sufficient iron and glass lantern , with a candle , for the direction of passengers , to go with more security to and from the water side , all night long , to be placed at the north-east corner of the parish church of St. Botolph , from the Feast Day of St. Bartholomew to Lady Day ; out of which sum £ 1 . is to be paid to the sexton for taking care of the said lantern . H. B. A . SLEEPERS IN CHURCH . ( For the Mirror .) Richard Davey , in 1659 , founded a free-school at Claverley , Salop , and directed to be paid yearly the sum of eight shillings to a poor man of the said parish , who should undertake to awaken sleepers , and to whip out dogs from the church of Claverley , during divine service . H. B. A . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . THE EPPING HUNT . By Thomas Hood , Esq . We remember the appearance of Mr . Hood 's first work — Odes and Addresses to Great People ; and many a reviewer and printer rejoiced in the light columns which it furnished them by way of extract . They made up very prettily beside a theological critique , a somewhat lumbering book on political economy , or a volume of deep speculations on geology . Hood 's little book , a mere thin pocket size , soon grew into notice and favour ; the edition ran off , and one or two more impressions have followed . A host of imitators soon sprung up , but we are bound to acknowledge that from the above to the present time , Mr . Hood has kept the field — the Pampa of pun — to himself , and right sincerely are we obliged for the many quips and quiddities with which he has enabled us to garnish our pages . We say garnish , for what upon earth can better resemble the garnishings of a table than Mr . Hood 's little volumes : how they enliven and embellish the feast , like birds and flowers cut from carrots , turnips , and beet-root ; parsley fried crisp ; cascades spun in sugar , or mouldings in almond paste , at a pic-nic supper party . We love a good motto , and one like Mr . Hood 's speaks volumes : “ HUNTS ROASTED ” — Next comes an advertisement of the author 's endeavour to record a yearly revel ( the Epping Hunt ,) already fast hastening to decay . Mr . Hood is serious , as the following epistle will show :— “ It was penned by an underling at the Wells , a person more accustomed to riding than writing . ” “ Sir ,— About the Hunt . In anser to your Innqueries , their as been a great falling off laterally , so much so this year that there was nobody allmost . We did a mear nothing provisionally , hardly a Bottle extra , wich is a proof in Pint . In short our Hunt may be sad to be in the last Stag of a Decline . “ I am , Sir , “ With respects from “ Your humble Servant , “ BARTHOLOMEW RUTT . ” Then begins the tale . John Huggins was as bold a man As trade did ever know , A warehouse good he had , that stood Hard by the church of Bow . There people bought Dutch cheeses round , And single Glos'ter flat ,— And English butter in a lump , And Irish — in a pat . Six days a week beheld him stand , His business next his heart , At counter with his apron tied About his counter-part . The seventh in a sluice-house box , He took his pipe and pot ; On Sundays for eel-piety , A very noted spot . Huggins gets “ Epping in his head , ” and resolves to go to “ the Hunt . ” Alas ! there was no warning voice To whisper in his ear , Thou art a fool in leaving Cheap To go and hunt the deer ! No thought he had of twisted spine , Or broken arms or legs ; Not chicken-hearted he , altho ’ ‘ Twas whisper 'd of his eggs . ’ Ride out he would , and hunt he would , Nor dreamt of ending ill ; Mayhap with Dr. Ridout 's fee , And Surgeon Hunter 's bill . To say the horse was Huggins ’ own , Would only be a brag ; His neighbour Fig and he went halves , Like Centaurs , in a nag . And he that day had got the gray , Unknown to brother cit ; The horse he knew would never tell , Altho ’ it was a tit . A well bred horse he was I wis , As he began to show , By quickly “ rearing up within The way he ought to go . ” And so he jogged to Tot'n ' am Cross , An ancient town well known , Where Edward wept for Eleanor In mortar and in stone A royal game of fox and goose , To play on such a loss ; Wherever she set down her orts , Thereby he put a cross . Now Huggins had a crony here , That lived beside the way ; One that had promised sure to be His comrade for the day . His friend had gone to Enfield Chase : Then Huggins turned his horse 's head , And crossed the bridge of Lea . Thence slowly on thro ’ Laytonstone , Past many a Quaker 's box ,— No friends to hunters after deer , Tho ’ followers of a Fox . And many a score behind — before — The self-same route inclin 'd , And minded all to march one way , Made one great march of mind . Gentle and simple , he and she , And swell , and blood , and prig ; And some had carts , and some a chaise , According to their gig . Some long-ear 'd jacks , some knacker 's hacks , ( However odd it sounds ,) Let out that day to hunt , instead Of going to the hounds ! And some had horses of their own , And some were forc 'd to job it ; And some , while they inclin 'd to Hunt , Betook themselves to Cob-it . All sorts of vehicles and vans , Bad , middling , and the smart ; Here roll 'd along the gay barouche , And there a dirty cart ! And lo ! a cart that held a squad Of costermonger line ; With one poor hack , like Pegasus , That slav 'd for all the Nine ! And so he paced to Woodford Wells , Where many a horseman met , And letting go the reins , of course , Prepared for heavy wet . And lo ! within the crowded door , Stood Rounding , jovial elf ; Here shall the Muse frame no excuse , But frame the man himself . The portrait is excellent : A snow white head a merry eye , A cheek of jolly blush ; A claret tint laid on by health , With master reynard 's brush . A hearty frame , a courteous bow , The prince he learn 'd it from : His age about three-score and ten , And there you have Old Tom . In merriest key I trow was he , So many guests to boast ; So certain congregations meet , And elevate the host . They start — But Huggins , hitching on a tree , Branched off from all the rest . Then comes the motley mob — Idlers to wit — no Guardians some , Of Tattlers in a squeeze ; Ramblers , in heavy carts and vans , Spectators up in trees . Butchers on backs of butcher 's hacks , That shambled to and fro ’ ! Bakers intent upon a buck , Neglectful of the dough ! Change Alley Bears to speculate , As usual , for a fall ; And green and scarlet runners , such As never climb 'd a wall ! ‘ Twas strange to think what difference A single creature made ; A single stag had caused a whole Stagnation in their trade . The deer is brought — - Now Huggins from his saddle rose , And in the stirrups stood ; And lo ! a little cart that came Hard by a little wood . In shape like half a hearse ,— tho ’ not For corpses in the least ; For this contained the deer alive , And not the dear deceased ! Robin bounds out , and the hunt starts : Huggins — Away he went , and many a score Of riders did the same , On horse and ass — like high and low And Jack pursuing game . Good lord ! to see the riders now , Thrown off with sudden whirl , A score within the purling brook , Enjoy 'd their “ early purl . ” A score were sprawling on the grass , And beavers fell in show'rs ; There was another Floorer there , Beside the Queen of Flowers ! Some lost their stirrups , some their whips , Some had no caps to show ; But few , like Charles at Charing Cross , Rode on in Statue quo . “ O , dear ! O , dear ! ” now might you hear , “ I 've surely broke a bone ; ” “ My head is sore , ” — with many more Such speeches from the thrown . Away they went then dog and deer , And hunters all away .— The maddest horses never knew Mad staggers such as they ! Some gave a shout , some roll 'd about , And antick 'd as they rode , And butchers whistled on their curs , And milkmen tally-ho 'd ! About two score there were , not more , That gallopped in the race ; The rest , alas ! lay on the grass , As once in Chevy Chase ! And by their side see Huggins ride , As fast as he could speed ; For , like Mazeppa , he was quite At mercy of his steed . No means he had , by timely check , The gallop to remit , For firm and last , between his teeth , The biter held the bitt . Trees raced along , all Essex fled Beneath him as he sate ,— He never saw a county go At such a county-rate ! “ Hold hard ! hold hard ! you 'll lame the dogs : ” Quoth Huggins , “ so I do ,— I 've got the saddle well in hand , And hold as hard as you ! ” And now he bounded up and down , Now like a jelly shook : Till bump 'd and gall 'd — yet not where Gall , For bumps did ever look ! And rowing with his legs the while , As tars are apt to ride ; With every kick he gave a prick , Deep in the horse 's side ! But soon the horse was well avenged , For cruel smart of spurs , For , riding through a moor , he pitched His master in a furze ! Where sharper set than hunger is He squatted all forlorn ; And like a bird was singing out While sitting on a thorn ! Right glad was he , as well as might be . Such cushion to resign : “ Possession is nine points , ” but his Seemed more than ninety nine . Yet worse than all the prickly points That enter 'd in his skin , His nag was running off the while The thorns were running in ! A jolly wight comes by upon A sorry mare , that surely came Of pagan blood and bone ; For down upon her knees she went , To many a stock and stone ! Now seeing Huggins ’ nag adrift , This farmer , shrewd and sage , Resolv 'd by changing horses here , To hunt another stage ! So up on Huggins ’ horse he got , And swiftly rode away , While Huggins mounted on the mare Done brown upon a bay ! And off they set , in double chase , For such was fortune 's whim , The Farmer rode to hunt the stag , And Huggins hunted him . And , far remote , each scarlet coat Soon flitted like a spark ,— Tho ’ still the forest murmur 'd back An echo of the bark . But sad at soul John Huggins turn 'd : No comfort he could find . Whilst thus the “ Hunting Chorus ” sped To stay five bars behind . For tho ’ by dint of spur he got A leap in spite of fate — Howbeit there was no toll at all , They could not clear the gate . And , like Fitzjames , he cursed the hunt , And sorely cursed the day , And mus 'd a new Gray 's elegy On his departed gray . Huggins now betook him to the Wells — the Hunt was o'er — and many a joke is told — How Huggins stood when he was rubb 'd By help and ostler kind , And when they cleaned the clay before , How “ worse remain 'd behind . ” And one , how he had found a horse Adrift — a goodly gray ! And kindly rode the nag , for fear The nag should go astray . Huggins claims the horse , and offers “ a bottle and a pound ” for his recovery : The wine was drunk ,— the money paid , Tho ’ not without remorse . To pay another man so much , For riding on his horse . MORAL . Thus Pleasure oft eludes our grasp , Just when we think to grip her ; And hunting after Happiness , We only hunt a slipper . The tale occupies less than thirty pages , and may be read whilst smoking a cigar . It is all quaint fun , whim , humour , and frolic , and one of those merry morsels which amuse us more than the whole leaven of utilitarianism ; and if to laugh and learn be your maxim , why read the “ Epping Hunt . ” After this , hold your sides , and look at the cuts , designed by George Cruikshank , and engraved by Branston , Bonner , Slader , and T. Williams . Old Tom Rounding is the frontispiece , in a cosy chair , and glass in hand — framed with foxes ’ , and Towler and Jowler 's heads , antlers , & c. The rich twinkle of Tom 's eye , and the benevolent rotundity of his form , are admirable . Huggins hitched on a tree is the next — then comes “ the beast charging in Tom 's rear ; ” his perturbed look and the saucy waggery of a round headed wight who has climbed into an adjoining tree are a good contrast ; Huggins “ sitting on a thorn ” is another ludicrous picture of perturbation ; the cit on the grass , with “ cattle grazed here ” on a tree , is the fifth ; and Huggins being cleared of clay by two of Tom Roundhead 's helpers , with mop and broom , completes the cuts and catastrophes of the Epping Hunt . The engravings , one and all , are exceedingly clever , and proof impressions , ( which we observe are advertised ,) will soon find their way into scores of scrapbooks . The Sketch-Book . THE SPIRIT OF THE STORM . ( For the Mirror .) When the unfortunate Cedric ( who had imbued his hands in the blood of another ,) was endeavouring by flight to a distant land to evade the arm of justice , there existed a belief in a supernatural being , whose exclusive office was , To guide the whirlwind and direct the storm . It was imagined that he circumnavigated the globe in a chariot of fire that was wafted on the wings of the wind through the illimitable fields of aether , but that he ever kept within the bounds of our atmosphere . His course was preceded by thunder and lightning — and storm and tempest followed him wherever he went . He visited every climate in succession , and had a vast concourse of inferior spirits at his command . He never paused in his terrible career , but to witness the shipwreck of a felon , and then only was he visible to mortal view . He was The Spirit of the Storm ! The recollection of this personage occurred to the mind of Cedric , accompanied with no very pleasing associations , just as the Levantine cleared the mouth of the harbour , and was bearing a full sail before a propitious northern gale for India . A quick voyage had almost brought the vessel successfully to the desired port , when an accident , fatal in its termination occurred , which we shall endeavour to relate . There was on board an old man who had long been in the habit of reading the almanac , observing the changes of the wind and moon , the rising and setting of the sun , the degree of heat or cold , dryness or dampness of the atmosphere , the form and colour of the clouds , the rising and falling of the mercury , and several other similar indications of the weather , who for his knowledge in these matters , had obtained the epithet of “ weatherwise , ” and indeed not without reason , for although he might sometimes be wrong in his prognostications to the no small amusement of others , and to his own mortification ; yet in general they were pretty correct , especially of the approach of a storm in a tropical climate . One fine evening whilst walking on the deck , he carelessly observed , that there would be a heavy sea gale , accompanied by rain , before morning . The captain of the vessel , who happened to be within hearing , cursed the poor fellow for his prediction , declaring that he kept the whole crew in a state of alarm , and vowing that if he foretold another tempest he would throw him overboard . The old man , who had a considerable opinion of his own talents , calmly replied , “ experientia docet . ” Cedric , from being one of the most daring and reckless spirits of his age , on hearing the above parley , and aware of their proximity to a rocky and dangerous shore , became terrified . The fear of a wreck overcame his once undaunted but now agitated frame , and a stiff glass of grog was found necessary to support him . At midnight ( having previously been sleeping soundly , composed by the soporific effects of the dram , lulled by the music of the rising breeze , and the gentle undulations of the reeling vessel ) he was flung several yards from his hammock , and received a contusion on the head , which for some time deprived him of his senses . When he had somewhat recovered , the rocking of the vessel , the howling of the wind , and the creeking of the timbers , told him but too truly that the old man 's prophecy was being fulfilled . He went hastily on deck , half dressed and nearly frantic through fear , to ascertain his opinion of the probable extent of the danger to which they were exposed . But , alas ! the old man , who had been placed at the helm as the only person capable of conducting the vessel in so perilous a situation , had been swept overboard by one of the early surges . He spoke to many , but none seemed disposed to listen to him ; each person being too much engaged with his own concerns to attend to those of others . Every hand seemed paralyzed ; the vessel without a steersman at the helm — without a sailor to haul down a shroud , was cleaving the ocean at the mercy of the winds and the waves ! His sense of guilt at this moment was overpowering ; hitherto ( partly occasioned by ignorance , and partly by depraved habits of life ) a degree of thoughtlessness had possessed him , which it is almost impossible to conceive could reign in the breast of a being endued with reason . Now indeed his eyes were open to his fate — to his earthly fate ; a strange foreboding came upon him ; it was a species of instinctive horror ; he could not look beyond it . Whether there was a being who ruled the world , or whether there was not , had never been the subject of his meditations ; yet a secret whisper intimated to him that death would not be the bound of his hopes and his fears — of his joys and his sorrows . He was conscious of the blackness of his crime , which indeed was of the deepest dye , and that he had never till then experienced the arm of vengeance . He shuddered as the violence of the tempest increased . He had braved the seas — he had fought with the enemies of his country ; but never did fear paralyze the daring Cedric before . He fell senseless on the deck entangled in the shattered cordage , whereby he was preserved from being washed overboard by the mountain billows , which every moment engulfed the vessel , threatening immediate destruction to all on board . The murkiest cloud that ever hid the skies from the view of man , now rode in universal blackness over the horror-stricken crew , which , opening every pore , as though at once to overwhelm creation , poured forth its contents like one vast sea descending to overflow another . The winds gathered from every quarter with unparalleled fury . Thunders rolled with that incessant clamour which pervades a field of earthly battle ; but artillery , whose dreadful note hath made the hardiest and the boldest quake , utters with but feeble voice to that which that night growled on the craggy shores of India . And lightnings fell , as when Elijah called on heaven to answer him , and fire descended to proclaim the true Jehovah 's name , and hail the one true prophet ! The Levantine now struck with tremendous force against a rock , which lay concealed amidst the swelling waters , and instantaneously disappeared , leaving the wretched crew floating on the surface — borne on the billows ! Cedric , by the tumultuous fury of the element , was thrown on a shelf of one of the steep rocks which form a natural barrier between the sea and land ; being recovered from his stupor , he was again awake to the horrors that surrounded him ; what had become of his comrades he knew not — he thought not . He clung to a fragment of the precipice with the desperation and firm grasp of madness — while every successive tide that rolled over his head became stronger and stronger . He counted the billows as they passed over him ; he watched the receding wave — he looked sternly at the approaching one . Time with him was fast ebbing . The wave that was to wash him into eternity was already curling towards him in fearful whiteness , which the glare of lightnings that seemed to illuminate the universe showed him in all its terrors . At the same time he distinguished a towering rock which the darkness had hitherto obscured , but which now rose in awful majesty before him , amidst the spray and foam of the heaving surges , and seemed a sea-god 's throne ! The sublimity and magnificence of the storm were now at their height ! On the summit of the conical rock , which was reddened by the fierce blaze of the brilliant fires that incessantly played around it , appeared a colossal figure , arrayed in white , whose long tresses and flowing robes streamed with the wind . The figure pointed at the hopeless Cedric with a deadly smile on his countenance . Cedric glared wildly at the unearthly vision . The last whelming wave approached and buried him for ever in the foaming sea . The spectre mounted his car , attended by an innumerable host of tributary spirits , and was borne on the whirlwind to visit other climes . He was the Spirit of the Storm ! CYMBELINE . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . RECOLLECTIONS OF AN OLD FAVOURITE . “ In his wine he would volunteer an imitation of somebody , generally of Incledon . His imitation was vocal ; I made pretensions to the oratorical parts ; and between us , we boasted , that we made up the entire phenomenon . ” LEIGH HUNT 'S BYRON . “ Of Incledon ? poor Charles Incledon ! ” said I , turning to his portrait in the “ Storm , ” hanging in goodly fellowship with a few of the idols of my theatrical days , Siddons , Kemble , Bannister , Mrs. Jordan , and G. Cook , in my little book-room — “ Poor Charles Incledon ! The mighty in genius , the high in birth , the conceited in talent , have not forgotten thee , then — and will even condescend to imitate thee , to imitate thee who wast inimitable ! ” I arose and walked about my little sanctum in meditative mood . The days of old came o'er me — the benefit nights — the play-bills , with the “ Storm , ” “ Black-eyed Susan , ” & c. in the largest type , as forming the most attractive morceaux in the bill of fare . Then followed the squeeze in June ! through that horrid passage in the old Covent Garden Theatre !— then the well-earned climax — Incledon in blue jacket , white trousers , red waistcoat , smart hat and cane — the representative of Britain 's best defenders , in holiday garb — unaccompanied by orchestra or instruments , depending upon naught but “ the human voice divine , ” after his usual walk before the lights , and repeatedly licking his lips , ( as if he thought that the sweet sounds which were accustomed to flow from them must leave honey behind ) ,— rolling forth with that vast volume of voice , at once astonishing and delightful — “ All in the downs the fleet lay moored ; ” and then followed the strain of love , manly love and constancy , in the beautiful language of Gay , and in tones so rich , so clear , so sweet ! every faculty was absorbed in the sense of hearing ! the hair seemed to rise , the flesh to stir ! the silence of the audience was holy — they durst not , they could not , even applaud that which so enchanted them , for fear of losing a note — I really think I could have struck any one who could have shouted a “ bravo ! ” — Never were Milton 's lines , “ Soft Lydian airs Married to immortal verse , Such as the meeting soul may pierce In notes , with many a winding bout Of linked sweetness long drawn out , With wanton heed and giddy cunning ; The melting voice through mazes running , Untwisting all the chains that tie The hidden soul of harmony . ” so illustrated as in the last line of Gay 's “ Black-eyed Susan , ” — “ Adieu , she cried , and waved her lily hand , ” as sung by Incledon in his prime . ‘ Tis strange ! here was “ a voice that hath failed , ” and little or nothing said of it — “ Died at Worcester , on ——, the celebrated vocalist , Charles Incledon , ” without further comment , was all that most of the periodicals said at his decease . I recollect nothing worthy of him being put forth , no essay upon his voice and style — and why ? because poor Charles Incledon had ceased to be the fashion ! The time is somewhat advanced , but the quotation at the head of this article has brought to my mind what ought to have been done by abler hands ; and I will endeavour to point out what we possessed in this singer , and what we have lost by his death . And how am I qualified , for the task ? With respect to the knowledge of the science of music I cannot boast — but Rousseau says — “ Disoit autrefois un sage , c'est an poete à faire de la poesie , et an musicien à faire de la musique ; mais il n'appartient qu'au philosophe de bien parle de l'une et de l'autre . ” And there are hearts , such as inspired the poet when he wrote — “ Withdraw yourself Unto this neighbouring grove ; there shall you see How the sweet treble of the chirping birds , And the sweet stirring of the moved leaves , Running delightful descant to the sound Of the base murmuring of the bubbling brook , Becomes a concert of good instruments , While twenty babbling echoes round about , Out of the stony concave of their mouths , Restore the vanish 'd music of each close , And fill your ears full with redoubled pleasure . "[ 4 ] such as warmed Spenser when he wrote his “ Bowre of Blesse ; ” Tasso his “ Gardens of Armida ; ” Collins his “ Melancholy , ” who “ Pour 'd through the mellow horn her pensive soul ” — such hearts , I say , and such as have drunk with unsatiated thirst at the fountains of these “ masters of the lay , ” are better qualified to speak upon a question of the “ concord of sweet sounds ” than all the merely scientific musicians , whether professors or amateurs , in the world . [ 4 ] “ Lingua . ” Dodsley 's Old Plays . “ Of melody aye held in thrall , ” I profess myself an admirer of that English music which preceded the appearance of Mr. Braham — the music of Arne , Jackson , Carter , Storace , Linley , Shield , Davy , even of Dibdin , and of those fine airs , ( the names of whose composers are now little better than traditional ) , which glow in the Beggar 's Opera . And of this music there never was heard a singer equal to Incledon , and perhaps never will . The pathos , the richness , the roundness , the satisfying fulness to the ear , which characterize these composers , can never be mastered by the merely scientific singer ; they composed for the voice , and without that organ in its most perfect state , complete justice can never be done to their strains . I before said these masters flourished previous to the debut of Mr. Braham ; for it is in a great measure owing to that gentleman , and the false taste he introduced and has kept alive , that they are now so seldom heard in our theatres , concerts , or drawing-rooms . We have lost the notes of melody and feeling , and what have we in their stead ? The glitter and plagiarism of Rossini , the ponderous science of Weber , and the absolute trash of all our English composers . The last mentioned gentlemen certainly came into court “ in forma pauperis , ” — satisfied with the merit of arrangers , harmonizers , & c ., and are found to confess , when detection is probable , that the very soul of their pieces — the melody [ 5 ] — is taken from such an Italian , such a Sicilian , Greek , nay even Russian air . [ 5 ] “ Melody is the essence of Music , ” said Mozart to Michael Kelly ; “ I compare a good melodist to a fine racer , and counter-points to hack post-horses . ” I think I can , in some degree , account for the fashion these composers have gained , and why , I fear , they are likely to maintain it . It is that the public have become too musical . Every female , from the highest to the lowest , whose parents can purchase a piano-forte , and pay a master , must learn music ; the number of teachers and pupils are multiplied without end ; and out of either class how many are there qualified by nature as singers ? Not two in fifty . What follows ? By labour and attention science may be acquired , although voice cannot . The voiceless teacher may instruct his voiceless pupil in the foppery of an art , the spirit of which is unattainable by either ; pieces merely scientific are placed by him on her piano — are performed to the credit of both , with vast execution , as far as respects the science and the harmony — - but as for the singing , as singing ought to be , ‘ tis “ Worse than the howling of Irish wolves against the moon . ” Well — Miss , from the expense and pains bestowed upon her , must , of course , be the musical oracle of the family ; the father must forego his favourite old songs , written by “ honest Harry Carey , ” ( as Ritson insists on his being called ) ; the mother is laughed to scorn if she mentions “ Auld Robin Gray , ” “ Mary 's Dream , ” “ Oh , Nanny , wilt thou gang wi ’ me ? ” — or such obsolete stuff ;— and even the brothers , who might stickle a little for Moore 's melodies , “ With thoughts that breathe and words that burn , ” are silenced with , “ Pooh ! any body can sing them . ” Thus is the family taste made up ; and this extends to the patronage of singers in the style alone deemed correct , as it is the quantity of public patronage which must influence the manager of either theatre or concert in the persons he engages . And thus has the great extension of musical taste been injurious to music . But , to return to our old favourite . All who remember him must likewise remember his powers of attraction ere this blight of fashion had come over us . Witness his various benefits , and above all , that at the Opera House , producing , it is said , 1 , 500l . Such marks of public favour , added to the constant request of company , both public and private , and to a man who , like Incledon , loved his art , were sure to be productive of vanity — vanity , the besetting sin of all great men , from Alexander on his Persian throne , to Mr. Kean enthroned in the Coal Hole .— His education had been limited . The songs chiefly in vogue at the early part of the late war were nautical , which led him to a bold , free style ; these were his faults — vanity , want of cultivation , and a freedom of manner approaching to excess . But he had a qualification as a singer which threw all these into shade . The “ Spectator , ” I believe , somewhere says it is necessary for a good dancer to have a good understanding ; but I think it is much more necessary for a good singer to have a good and feeling heart ; and whether singing or acting his part in the drama of life , with family , friends , or brother ( not forgetting sister ) performers , Charles Incledon had as warm a heart as ever beat . I cannot completely effect my purpose of reminding the public of what they have lost in this fine singer , without recurrence to the songs in which he earned his fame . “ Pleasant is the recollection of the joys that are passed , ” says Ossian ; and what a delightful store-house of melody is opened by the remembrance of these songs ! At the head of the list , in unapproachable beauty , stand his “ Black-eyed Susan , ” “ Storm , ” “ Old Towler , ” and “ Lads of the Village ; ” songs which few voices can attempt , and none dare hope to equal him in . Then , as operas , we had first his Macheath , a part in which , notwithstanding what has been said of his slovenly acting , I think him unequalled . His was the voice to burst forth in the rich melodies of that equivocal piece — he was the gentleman who , if ruined by excess , could become the highwayman — his was the dashing , manly style to ensnare either a Polly or a Lucy . Poor Macheath is now emasculated , because no man has voice to sing his songs . I have heard Mr. Young has played the part , and “ report speaks goldenly ” of his singing , and I deeply regret not having heard him . I understand he sings Moore 's melodies better than any body ; and think it likely , from the few “ snatches ” I have heard him give . By the bye , excepting the hurried , thick utterance of Incledon when speaking , there is great resemblance , as far as regards voice , between that singer and Mr. Young . As a Shakspearean , I must class next his two sweet songs in “ As You Like it . ” His was the pipe to be listened to amongst the warblers of “ Ardenne , ” in Dr. Arne 's delicious “ Blow ! blow ! thou Winter 's wind , ” and “ Under the green-wood tree . ” “ Oh ! ” as Jaques says , “ I can suck melancholy from the recollection of these songs as a weasel sucks eggs . ” Then follow Jackson of Exeter 's “ Lord of the Manor , ” and Dibdin 's “ Quaker ” and “ Waterman ; ” pieces after Incledon 's own heart ; all free , rich , clear melody , without glitter . But of all the composers of his own day , Shield [ 6 ] was his favourite ; and justly . He furnished him with most of his popular songs . The singer was the peculiar organ of the composer — his “ Thorn , ” his “ Mouth which a Smile , ” “ Tom Moody , ” “ Heaving the Lead , ” and many , many others , seem to have faded away with the voice of the melodist . [ 6 ] Let the lover of melody look over the list of works published , in the obituary of that beautiful composer ! But I find , were I to run through , as I proposed , all the songs peculiar to my hero , I should , most likely , tire my reader . The delight with which I dwell upon them is a species of egotism ; I will therefore only name a few more , and “ leave him alone with his glory . ” — “ Sally in our Alley , ” the song Addison was so fond of ; what an association ! “ Post Captain , ” “ Brown Jug . ” In his decline , even “ His father he lost , ” and “ On Lethe 's banks , ” in Artaxerxes ;— hear the singers of the present day sing these songs ! “ Bay of Biscay , ” “ When Vulcan forged , ” the second of “ All 's Well , ” “ Bet , sweet blossom , ” “ Will Watch , ” “ Last Whistle , ” & c. & c. Alas ! alas ! and all this over ! He has piped his last whistle , and poor Charles “ sleeps in peace with the dead ! ” In concluding , I cannot but observe , that no singer has so completely identifies himself with particular songs . Those in which he most excelled , he stamped as his own — no one can touch them “ while his memory be green . ” When the race who heard him has faded away , some one may attempt them ; but I should as soon think of going to see Mr. Kean play Coriolanus , as to hear another sing “ Black-eyed Susan . ” My mind is filled — I have Kemble 's noble patrician perfect before me ; I have Gay 's ballad in Incledon 's notes as fully in “ my mind 's ear , ” and I would not have them displaced . Blackwood 's Magazine . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . Shakspeare . The following is inscribed on a black Tablet in Sherborne Church , Dorset : This Monument was erected by Mr. Thomas Mansel , of this Towne , in remembrance of a great hailstorme , May 16th , 1709 , between the hours of one and four in the afternoon ; which stopping the course of a small river , west of this church , caused of a sudden an extraordinary flood in the Abbey Garden and Green , running with so rapid a stream , that it forced open the north door of the church , displaced and removed about 1 , 222 feet of the pavement , and was two feet and ten inches high as it passed out at this south door . Sturminster . RURIS . ANTIQUITY AND INTEREST . In the kitchen of a public house called the Cross in Hand , at Waldron , in Sussex , there is an ancient couple , who appear to have been companions for more than seven hundred years . These are a pair of dog , or brandirons , with the date of 1115 on each . Suppose their original cost to have been five shillings ; this sum put out at simple interest , together with the principal , would now have amounted to nine pounds , twelve shillings , and sixpence ; but at compound interest it would be two hundred and fifty eight billions , seven hundred and eighty four millions , two hundred and thirty thousand , six hundred and fifty six pounds sterling . J. B .— Y . King James I. mounting a horse that was unruly , said , “ The de'il tak ’ my saul , sirrah , and ye be na quiet , I 'll send ye to the five hundred kings in the House of Commons — they 'll soon tame you . ” On the road to Hastings are two hotels , nearly opposite one another , the one kept by a person of the name of Hogsflesh , the other by a person named Bacon . T. R. W . A JUDICIOUS TITLE . On a vacancy on the Scotch bench , a certain advocate of some standing at the bar , but by no means remarkable for the brilliancy of his parts , or the extent of his legal knowledge , was in full expectation of being appointed to the vacant gown . This is done by a court letter , signed with the King 's sign manual . In the full flutter of his darling hopes , he one day encountered an old brother lawyer , notorious for the acidity of his temper , and the poignancy and acrimony of his remarks . “ Weel , friend Robby , ” said the latter , “ I hear you 're to get the vacant gown . ” — “ Yes , Mr. C — k , I have every reason to believe so . ” — “ Have ye gotten doon your letter yet frae London ? ” — “ No : but I expect an express every minute . ” — “ Nae doot , nae doot ; have you bethocht yoursel o ’ what teetle ye 're to tak ’ ? Lord H — n will never do ; ye ken that 's the teetle o ’ ane o ’ oor grandest dukes . Gudesake , for a bit session lordy , like you , to gang by that style and teetle o ’ ane high and michty prince ! that wad be a bonny boorlesque on a ’ warldly honours and dignities . Weel a weel , let that be a pass over . Noo a teetle ye maun hae , that 's as clear as the licht , and there 's ane come just now into my head that will answer ye to a T ; when ye 're a lord , freend , Robby , ye 'll be Lord Preserve Us ? ” — “ You are very impertinent Mr. C — k , ” replied the nettled judge expectant ; “ I am sure you may find a waur . ” — There never , perhaps , was , or will be , comprehended so much pithy meaning and bitter sarcasm in a single syllable , as that which formed the astounding response — “ Whaur ( where ) ? ” GREGORY THE GREAT A PUNSTER . Gregory the great was a punster , as appears from an anecdote related of him , and which gave the first impulse to his exertions to promulgate Christianity in this country . It was sometime before he was advanced to St. Peter 's chair , and when he was only a deacon in the church , that he saw some handsome youths for sale in the open market : struck with their appearance , he inquired whence they were , and was answered they were Angli ( English .) “ They are rightly called , ” said he , “ for they seem Angeli , ” ( of or belonging to angels ,) and asking what province they were of among the Angli ; he was told of Deira ( part of the kingdom of Northumbria .) Ah , exclaimed he , De ira Dei sunt liberandi . Learning farther that their king was named Alle , he said how fitly may he sing Allelujahs to God , who possesseth such subjects . From that time he seriously endeavoured to bring about the conversion of the English nation , and a few years afterwards , being Pope , he happily effected it by the travels and labours of St. Augustine , who was the first Archbishop of Canterbury . EPITAPH In St. Mary 's Churchyard , Lambeth . God takes the good , too good to stay , He leaves the bad , too bad to take away . MUSIC . Voluntary composed under the impulse of peculiar sensibility , by Rainer , of Frankfort . Fol , di , lol , tol , tiddle lol de de di do ral tal lil liddle lal lal de ra . ORTHOGRAPHY . The following is a literal copy of a notice upon a gate between Cheltenham and Gloucester :— “ Here is No Public Road : whosdomnever tresprss on wil be proccuted to the hutmast Reglar . ” C. J. T . HONOURABLE SERVICE . If one has served thee , tell the deed to many , Hast thou served many , tell it not to any . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published ; s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling . . . . . 0 6 Paul and Virginia . . . . . . . . . . 0 6 The Castle of Otranto . . . . . . . . 0 6 Almoran and Harnet . . . . . . . . . 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia . 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne . 0 6 Rasselas . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 8 The Old English Baron . . . . . . . . 0 8 Nature and Art . . . . . . . . . . . 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield . . . 0 10 Sicilian Romance . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 The Man of the World . . . . . . . . 1 0 A Simple Story . . . . . . . . . . . 1 4 Joseph Andrews . . . . . . . . . . . 1 6 Humphry Clinker . . . . . . . . . . . 1 8 The Romance of the Forest . . . . . . 1 8 The Italian . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore . . . . . . . . 2 6 Edward , by Dr Moore . . . . . . . . . 2 6 Roderick Random . . . . . . . . . . . 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho . . . . . . 3 6 Peregrine Pickle . . . . . . . . . . 4 6 Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .