THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . X . No . 281 .] SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 3 , 1827 . [ PRICE 2d . MANNERS AND CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . NO . XIV . Illustration The first of the above engravings represents one of the Body Guards of the Sheikh of Bornou , copied from an engraving after a sketch made by Major Denham , in his recent “ Travels in Africa . ” These negroes , as they are called , meaning the black chiefs and favourites , all raised to that rank by Some deed of bravery , are habited in coats of mail , composed of iron chain , which cover them from the throat to the knees , dividing behind , and coming on each side of the horse ; some of them wear helmets or skull-caps of the same metal , with chin-pieces , all sufficiently strong to ward off the shock of a spear . Their horses ’ heads are also defended by plates of iron , brass , and silver , just leaving room for the eyes of the animal ; and not unfrequently they are hung over with charms , enclosed in little red leather parcels , strung together , round the neck , in front of the head , and about the saddle . Illustration Their appearance is altogether of a warlike character , the horses being well caparisoned , and the riders well clothed for personal defence ; and though their equestrian evolutions be somewhat wild , the lance or spear is doubtless a formidable weapon in their hands . The savage splendour of their dress , together with the pawing and snorting of their fiery steeds , render them appropriate auxiliaries to royalty , in countries where such attributes of power are requisite to impress the people with the importance of their rulers , and where the milder aids of civilization and refinement are wanting to protect the sovereign from violence . The second engraving , copied from the same authentic source as that preceding it , is a somewhat grotesque portraiture of one of the Lancers of the Sultan of Begharmi , described , in an historical and geographical account by a native prince , as an extensive country , containing woods and rivers , and fields fit for cultivation ; but now desolated , as the inhabitants say , by the “ misconduct of the king , who , having increased in levity and licentiousness to such a frightful degree , as even to marry his own daughter , God Almighty caused Saboon , the prince of Wa-da-i , to march against him , and destroy him , laying waste , at the same time , all his country , and leaving the houses uninhabited , as a signal chastisement for his impiety . ” Major Denham having applied for the covering of the above warrior and his horse , in his journal thus describes their arrival :— “ Aug. 11 . Soon after daylight , Karouash , with Hadgi , Mustapha , the chief of the Shouaas , and the Sheikh 's two nephews , Hassein and Kanemy , came to our huts . They were attended by more than a dozen slaves , bearing presents for us , for King George , and the consul at Tripoli . I had applied for a lebida , ( horse-covering ,) after seeing those taken from the Begharmis ; the sheikh now sent a man , clothed in a yellow wadded jacket , with a scarlet cap , and mounted on the horse taken from the Begharmis , on which the sultan 's eldest son rode . He was one of the finest horses I had seen , and covered with a scarlet cloth , also wadded . ‘ Every thing , ’ Hadgi Mustapha said , ‘ except the man , is to be taken to your great king . ’ ” The Begharmis , it will be seen , were conquered by the people of Kanem ; and Major Denham has translated , and given in the appendix to his Travels , a song of thanksgiving on the triumphant return of the governor , full of the characteristic beauty and simplicity of savage life . In these struggles it would appear the law of nations is severe on the weakest ; for the son of the late sultan of the Begharmis is described as “ now a slave of the sheikh of Bornou . ” So wags the world ! LIVING AT TOULOUSE . Part of a house , sufficient for a small family , unfurnished , may be had for 14 l. a year ; and the most elegant in the city , in the best situation , for 60 l ., including coach-house , stable , cellar , & c. A horse may be kept well for 14 l. a year . The wages of a coachman are 8 l ., a housemaid 8 l ., a noted cook 16 l ., and a lady'shYpppHeNmaid 10 l. The price of a chicken is 7-1 / 2 d .; a partridge 1 s .; a hare 2 s. 6 d .; a duck 1 s .; a turkey 2 s. 6 d .; the best bread 1-1 / 2 d. per lb . ; common ditto 1 d .; a bottle of wine 3 d .; brandy is sold by the lb . of 16 oz . and costs 6 d .; grapes 1 / 2 d. per lb . ; meat 3 d .; butter 4 d .; cheese 6d ; 50 lbs . carrots 10 d .; other vegetables at the same rate . A dozen very fine peaches now cost a halfpenny ; pears 3 d. a dozen ; labourers , who work from sunrise to sunset , are fed by the proprietor , and have 6 d. per day , which , in this part of the country , will go further than three times the sum in England . The horses and oxen used about the farms are fed chiefly on straw , and do not consume more than 3 d. a day . The labouring people make a very nourishing diet from maize flour , which is fried with grease ; and this , with beans , forms the principal part of their food . They neither use nor wish for meat ; but at this season they have figs and grapes almost for nothing — Original Letter . MOHAMMEDAN SUPERSTITION . The eastern , and all Mohammedan people , considering Alexander the Great as the only monarch who conquered the globe from east to west , give him the title of “ the two horned , ” in allusion to his said conquests . They likewise believe that Gog and Magog were two great nations , but that , in consequence of their wicked and mischievous disposition , Alexander gathered and immured them within two immensely high mountains , in the darkest and northernmost parts of Europe , by a most surprising and insuperable wall , made of iron and copper , of great thickness and height ; and that to the present time they are confined there ; that , notwithstanding they are a dwarfish race ,— viz . from two to three feet in height only — they will one day come out and desolate the world . As Lord Mayor 's Day is just approaching , perhaps some of the visiters of Gog and Magog on that occasion may decide this matter . It is almost akin to our nursery quibble of the giants hearing the clock strike , & c. & c . PERSIAN BARBER . The Khas-terash ( literally , personal shaver ) of the present sovereign has , in the abundance of his wealth , built a palace for himself close to the royal bath at Teheran . And he is entitled to riches , for he is a man of pre-eminent excellence in his art , and has had for a long period , under his especial care , the magnificent beard of his majesty , which is at this moment , and has been for years , the pride of Persia .— Persian Sketches . LIVING IN GENEVA . The vicinity of Geneva appears peculiarly eligible for the permanent residence of an English family . There is perhaps no town on the continent where greater facilities are afforded for a man of literary and scientific pursuits to indulge his taste or to increase his knowledge . The city is close built , and consequently not an agreeable place to live in ; but its immediate environs abound with delightful spots . The costume of the Genevese assimilates much with that of the French ; but the better class of females are partial to the English fashions . The language of the country is French , but its habits and religion are widely different . Not only does the Protestant faith find here the salutary prevalence of a kindred faith , but the members of our own ecclesiastical establishment are enabled to join each other every Sabbath day in the worship of God , and at stated seasons to receive the holy sacrament according to the pure and apostolic ritual of the church of England . The expense of a house , with a garden and piece of land , within a mile of the gates , including also the keeping of a caleche and pair of horses , for a gentleman , his lady , two children , and three servants , does not exceed 300 l. a year ; and with this he is enabled to receive his friends occasionally , and in a respectable style . To proceed from a family establishment to a bachelor 's pension , “ I , ” says Mr. Seth Stevenson , in his Continental Travels , “ was told that a person at Petit Saconnex has a sleeping-room to himself , and his breakfast , dinner , tea , and supper with the family , for 500 francs ( 20 l. 16 s. 8 d .) per annum . ” The taxation of Geneva is described as very trifling . There is a sort of income-tax , to which every man of property contributes , on his honour , as to the amount of that property . The whole tax for horses and carriages amounts to about 18 d. for each person ; the richest it seems pays no more , and the others pay no less . “ My friend assures me , ” continues Mr. S. “ that his fellow citizens approve of their annexation to Switzerland , and also of the union of the Valais with the Helvetic confederation — that the people of this little republic are flourishing again , contented with their government ; and as the best proof of their returning prosperity since the peace , he adverted to the comparatively few indigent or distressed persons among them , and to the fact of there being only forty-five persons in the poor 's hospital , besides those admitted under the head of casualties . ” ORIGINAL STORY OF HAMLET , ( From the Latin of Saxo Grammaticus , but interspersed .) Florwendillus , king of Jutland , married Geruthra , or Gertrude , the only daughter of Ruric , king of Denmark . The produce of this union was a son , called Amlettus . When he grew towards manhood , his spirit and extraordinary abilities excited the envy and hatred of his uncle , who , before the birth of Amlettus , was regarded as presumptive heir to the crown . Fengo , which was the name of this haughty prince , conceived a passion for his sister-in-law , the queen ; and meeting with reciprocal feelings , they soon arranged a plan , which putting into execution , he ascended the throne of his brother and espoused the widowed princess . Amlettus , ( or Hamlet ,) suspecting that his father had died by the hand or the devices of his uncle , determined to be revenged . But perceiving the jealousy with which the usurper eyed his superior talents , and the better to conceal his hatred and intentions , he affected a gradual derangement of reason , and at last acted all the extravagance of an absolute madman . Fengo 's guilt induced him to doubt the reality of a malady so favourable to his security ; and suspicious of some direful project being hidden beneath assumed insanity , he tried by different stratagems to penetrate the truth . One of these was to draw him into a confidential interview with a young damsel , who had been the companion of his infancy ; but Hamlet 's sagacity , and the timely caution of his intimate friend , frustrated this design . In these two persons we may recognise the Ophelia and Horatio of Shakspeare . A second plot was attended with equal want of success . It was concerted by Fengo that the queen should take her son to task in a private conversation , vainly flattering himself that the prince would not conceal his true state from the pleadings of a mother . Shakspeare has adopted every part of this scene , not only the precise situation and circumstances , but the sentiments and sometimes the very words themselves . The queen 's apartment was the appointed place of conference , where the king , to secure certain testimony , had previously ordered one of his courtiers to conceal himself under a heap of straw ; so says the historian ; and though Shakspeare , in unison with the refinement of more modern times , changes that rustic covering for the royal tapestry , yet it was even as Saxo Grammaticus relates it . In those primitive ages , straw , hay , of rushes , strewed on the floor , were the usual carpets in the chambers of the great . One of our Henrys , in making a progress to the north of England , previously sent forward a courier to order clean straw at every house where he was to take his lodging . But to return to the subject . The prince , suspecting there might be a concealed listener , and that it was the king , pursued his wild and frantic acts , hoping that by some lucky chance he might discover his hiding-place . Watchful of all that passed in the room , as he dashed from side to side , he descried a little movement of the uneasy courtier 's covering . Suddenly Hamlet sprung on his feet , began to crow like a cock , and flapping his arms against his sides , leaped upon the straw ; feeling something under him , he snatched out his sword and thrust it through the unfortunate lord . The barbarism of the times is most shockingly displayed in the brutal manner in which he treats the dead body ; but for the honour of the Danish prince , we must suppose that it was not merely a wanton act , but done the more decidedly to convince the king , when the strange situation of the corpse was seen , how absolutely he must be divested of reason . Being assured he was now alone with his mother , in a most awful manner he turns upon her , and avows his madness to be assumed ; he reproaches her with her wicked deeds and incestuous marriage ; and threatens a mighty vengeance upon the instigator of her crime . In the historian we find that the admonitions of Hamlet awakened the conscience of the queen , and recalled her to penitence and virtue . The king , observing the change , became doubly suspicious of the prince ; and baffling some preliminary steps he took to vengeance ; Hamlet was entrapped by him into an embassy to England . He sent along with him two courtiers , who bore private letters to the English monarch , requesting him , as the greatest favour he could confer on Denmark , to compass , by secret and by sure means , the death of the prince as soon as he landed . Hamlet , during the voyage , had reason to suspect the mission of his companions ; and by a stratagem obtaining their credentials , he found the treacherous mandate ; and changing it for one wherein he ordered the execution of the two lords , he quietly proceeded with them to the British shore . On landing , the papers were delivered , and the king , without further parley , obeyed what he believed to be the request of his royal ally ; and thus did treason meet the punishment due to its crime . The daughter of the king being charmed with the person and manners of the foreign prince , evinced such marks of tenderness , that Hamlet could not but perceive the depth of his conquest . He was not insensible to her attractions ; and receiving the king 's assent , in the course of a few days led her to the nuptial altar . Amidst all joys , he was , however , like a perturbed ghost that could not rest ; and before many suns had rose and set , he obtained a hard wrung leave from his bride , once more set sail , and appeared at Elsineur just in time to be a witness of the splendid rites which Fengo ( supposing him now to be murdered ) had prepared for his funeral . On the proclamation of his arrival , he was welcomed with enthusiasm by the people , whose idol he was , and who had been overwhelmed with grief when Fengo announced to them his sudden death in England . The king , inflamed with so ruinous a disappointment , and becoming doubly jealous of his growing popularity , now affected no conciliation , but openly manifested his hatred and hostility . Hamlet again had recourse to his pretended madness , and committed so many alarming acts , that Fengo , fearing their direction , ordered his sword to be locked in its scabbard , under a plea of guarding the lunatic from personal harm , After various adventures , at last the prince accomplished the death of his uncle 's adherents , and vengeance on the fratricide himself , by setting fire to the palace during the debauch of a midnight banquet . Rushing amidst the flames , he kills Fengo with his own hand , reproaching him at the moment with his murder , adultery , and incest . Immediately on this act of retribution he was proclaimed lawful successor to the throne , and crowned with all due solemnity . Thus far Shakspeare treads in the steps of the annalist ; the only difference is in the fate of the hero ; in the one he finds a kingdom , in the other a grave . Saxo Grammaticus carries the history further ; and after the crowning of Hamlet as king , brings him again into Britain , where , in compliment to that land of beauty , he marries a second wife , the daughter of a Scottish king . Hamlet brought both his wives to Denmark , and prepared for a long life of prosperity and peace . But the sword hung over his head ; war burst around him , and he fell in combat by the hand of Vigelotes , son of Ruric . Saxo Grammaticus sums up his character in a few words : “ He was a wise prince and a great warrior . Like Achilles , he had the principal actions of his life wrought on his shield . The daughter of the king of Scotland casting her eye on it , loved him for the battles he had won , and became his bride . ” SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . ENGLISH FRUITS . ( Concluded from page 295 .) The Vine .— The value and transcendant excellence of this foreign fruit is too well known to require any extended account in this paper ; as a native of the southern verge of the northern temperate zone , it only requires its natural degree of heat to bring it to perfection . The growth is luxuriant , is fertile , easy of management , and as it requires support , obedient to the trainer 's will . Many excellent varieties ate in our stoves and vineries ; differing in hardness , size of bunches , and in colour and flavour of fruit . These , it is likely , have been gained from seeds ; and as its cultivation has been prim æ val with the inhabitants of the earth , no wonder it received , for its unequalled utility , their chiefest care . That the climate of this country has undergone a considerable change within the last hundred years , is allowed by all who have considered the subject ; and nothing furnishes a more convincing proof of this , than the history of the vine . Previous to the reign of Henry VIII ., every abbey and monastery had its vineyard . In the rent-rolls of church property in those days , and long afterwards , considerable quantities of grapes were paid as tithe ; and the vestiges of some of those vineyards remain to this day . They were usually placed on the south side of a hill , in a light dry soil , having the surface covered with sand ; the vines being trained near the ground . But with such inclement and changeable springs , and long protracted winters , as have been experienced of late , even such frost as is seen at this moment ( 24th of April ,) vines as standards in the open air , would be destroyed ; or , at least , no dependence could be placed upon them for a crop . But vineyards in the country could neither be so profitable , nor are they so necessary as they were in those days ; international intercourse is now more open , and corporations , whether religious or civil , can be supplied with grapes in any shape , and their precious juice in any quantity , at a cheaper rate than either home-grown or home-made . In their cultivation in this country , practitioners are more liable to err in planting them in too rich , than in too poor a soil ; the first adds too much to their natural luxuriance of growth , and always reduces the flavour of the fruit . The Mulberry .— This fruit has not been subjected to the operations and attention of the improver so much , perhaps , as it deserves ; true , it has been planted against walls , and as espaliers ; and in both places has done well . The Fig has been long in our gardens ; a very ancient one is still alive in the garden of one of the colleges at Oxford . In its native country it produces two crops in the year , and this property makes its management rather difficult in a country where it can but with difficulty be made to produce one ; and especially when trained in the common way to a wall , where the crop is often sacrificed to the useless symmetry of the tree . It is impatient of frost , and requires protection during winter ; and is also impatient of the knife , and more , perhaps , than any other tree , is disposed to form its own natural head . When kept in a glass case , either planted in the ground or in pots , it well repays the trouble bestowed upon it . The Quince .— This fruit remains very steadily in character to what it has always been known to be ; the taste is too austere to be used alone from the tree ; but with other fruits in pastry , or in the shape of preserves or marmalade , it is useful . The Medley .— Two or three sorts of this tree are in cultivation : they are placed in the lowest grade of fruits ; though , when they are perfectly mature , they are much relished by some palates . The azarola , service , and two or three others used in the south of Europe , are not worth notice here . The Filbert .— The common wild hazle of our hedges has been improved , by chance or cultivation , into the several varieties of red and white filberts and cob-nuts . Working them upon the hazle , or upon themselves , is necessary ; because , it not only makes them more fruitful , but also brings them sooner into bearing . The Walnut .— This nuciferous tree has been cultivated in England more for the value of the timber than for its fruit . There are several varieties , differing chiefly in the size of the nut , from the diminutive ben-nut , to the large or double French sort . The only improvement which can be expected in this , is a hardier sort which would be less susceptible of damage from frost . The Chestnut .— The description of the walnut may be applied to this , as they are natives of the same climate ; and their flowers are alike impatient of frost . The fruit of this is , however , inferior to that of the walnut , and seldom arrives at the same degree of perfection . The tree grows to a great size , and is one of the most valuable of our forest trees . In “ days of yore , ” it must have been much more plentiful in this country , or more plentifully imported , than it now is ; as the principal timbers of abbeys , cathedrals , and other ancient buildings , are chiefly formed of it : being equally durable as the oak , which it so much resembles , that they can hardly be distinguished from each other , but by the test of the wet edge of a chissel being stained by the oak , and not at all by the chestnut . The Melon and Cucumber .— These exotic fruits are extensively cultivated ; the latter takes various shapes in our bills of fare ; the former is more a luxury than a fruit for general use ; their culture on hot-beds forms a material branch of modern gardening , and with that of the gourd , pumpkin , squash , vegetable marrow , & c ., is well known . The Pine-Apple .— This sovereign of fruits is , and can only be , in this country , an appendage to opulence and rank . Several varieties are cultivated in our forcing-stoves , and grace the tables of the rich , and in as great perfection as they can be had between the tropics . In their wild state , they affect the sides of rivulets , and often under the shade of lofty trees ; but are of inferior flavour , unless the weather is very dry when they are ripening off ; and when cultivated , they receive little or no water during the last stage of their growth .— Quarterly Journal of Science , & c . ANECDOTES OF THE MARVELLOUS . A Prediction Fulfilled . At the time of the American war , a gentleman ( a mere youth ) entered the army , and saw some little service . One day , during an engagement , he was , in the hurry and confusion of it , knocked down ; and a soldier , setting his foot upon his chest in passing over him , hurt him so exceedingly that he became senseless ; upon recovering , he found himself still stretched on the ground , and a singular , looking female stood beside him , who , as he opened his eyes , exclaimed in an ill-boding voice , “ Ay , young man , mark my words : that hurt will be the death of you in your forty-second year . ” He immediately recognised in this old raven one of those soothsayers who usually followed the army , and gained a livelihood by their oracular powers . Mr. L. certainly did mark her words , inasmuch as returning to England , he quitted the army , entered the church , and amongst other red-coat reminiscences , used frequently to mention ( and mention but to ridicule ) the American soothsayer 's prediction . Nevertheless , true it is , that he did die in his forty-second year , and of a disease in his chest too , although he had never suffered from the hurt beyond the period at which he received it . Imagination . The measles ( it is pretty well known to all voyagers ) is at St. Helena a hideous and fatal disorder , although generally mild at the Cape , which is about a fortnight 's sail from the former island : every ship , therefore , from the Cape , upon touching at St. Helena , undergoes examination , and , if the measles are known to be prevalent at the former place , is put into quarantine , and no officer , however urgent his business may be , allowed to land without making oath or affidavit that he has not been on shore at the Cape , or approached an infected person . Some years since , a naval officer , acquainted with the then governor of St. Helena , General P —— n , was invited to dine with him , and met at dinner another officer from another vessel , who , it is to be presumed , had eluded undergoing the usual precautionary measures , and was perhaps ignorant of their existence , since he mentioned , during the repast , that the measles were prevailing at Cape Town , and admitted that he had entered it . Now , he had just arrived at St. Helena , and though he expressly stated that he had not gone near any infected person , poor Mrs. P ——, uttering a shriek , fled from the table , exclaiming that she knew she should have the measles ; in fact , she immediately fell sick of that disorder , ( and died , I think I understood .) All her family took it , and it raged through the island , proving dreadfully destructive . Mysterious Incident . It was the wedding day of Mr. and Mrs. Terry , ( I mean the actual , not the anniversary wedding-day ,) and the jocund bridegroom , bride , and their guests were assembled about noon in the drawing-room , when a servant entered , and said a gentleman had called , and wished to speak to Mr. T .; that he was waiting below stairs , and would not come up , because he came upon very particular business . Mr. Terry , desiring his company to excuse him for a few minutes , quitted the room . One hour elapsed — no bridegroom ; two hours — he did not appear ;— three — four — he was not returned : the bride 's mind misgave her , and the hymeneal guests were quite alarmed : the servants declared that they had seen their master and the gentleman walk into the garden , from whence they were not returned . Now , a high brick wall , in which there was no outlet , and over which no person could climb except by a ladder , enclosed the garden , which , when searched , was empty , whilst , at the same time , Mr. Terry and his friend , “ the gentleman , ” could not have walked out at the hall-door without being , from its situation , seen and heard by the servants in the kitchen . Time fled — and he did not return — no !— and although his lady lived to be nearly ninety years of age , she never gained tidings again of the spouse , thus so mysteriously spirited away ! Raising the Wind . The superstitions of sailors are not few , as those assert who are conversant in maritime affairs . Amongst others , is the custom , pretty well known , of whistling for a wind . A gentleman told me , that , on his first voyage , being then very young , and ignorant of sea usages , he was in the habit of walking the deck a great deal , “ and whistling as he went , ” perhaps “ for want of thought ” — perhaps for lack of something better to do . Shortly , he fancied that the captain of the vessel seemed not a little annoyed whenever this took place , although he kept a respectful silence upon the subject . At length Mr. —— resolved to speak to him himself : and , accordingly , one day , when it blew a pretty brisk gale , said , “ I observe , captain , that you appear particularly uneasy whenever I whistle . ” — “ To say the truth , sir , I am just now , ” replied he . “ On a fair , still day , whistle as much as you please ; but , when there is a wind like this , we do n't like to have any more called . ” — New London Literary Gaz . THE SELECTOR AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . A PHILOSOPHICAL KITCHEN . A romantic and ludicrous novel has just appeared , entitled “ The Mummy , or Tale of the Twenty-second Century , ” exhibiting some of the probable results of “ the march of intellect ; ” and of the pungency of its satire the following is a fair specimen , describing a kitchen in the twenty-second century :— When Dr. Entwerfen left the breakfast-room of Lord Gustavus , which he did not do till a considerable time after the rest of the party had quitted it , he was so absorbed in meditation , that he did not know exactly which way he was going ; and , happening unfortunately to turn to the right when he should have gone to the left , to his infinite surprise he found himself in the kitchen instead of his own study . Absent as the doctor was , however , his attention was soon roused by the scene before him . Being , like many of his learned brotherhood , somewhat of a gourmand , his indignation was violently excited by finding the cook comfortably asleep on a sofa on one side of the room , whilst the meat intended for dinner , a meal it was then the fashion to take about noon , was as comfortably resting itself from its toils on the other . The chemical substitute for fire , which ought to have cooked it , having gone out , and the cook 's nap precluding all reasonable expectation of its re-illumination , the doctor 's wrath was kindled , though the fire was not , and in a violent rage he seized the gentle Celestina 's shoulder , and and shook her till she woke . “ Where am I ? ” exclaimed she , opening her eyes . “ Any where but where you ought to be , ” cried the doctor , in a fury . “ Look , hussy ! look at that fine joint of meat , lying quite cold and sodden in its own steam . ” “ Dear me ! ” returned Celestina , yawning , “ I am really quite unfortunate to-day ! An unlucky accident has already occurred to a leg of mutton which was to have formed part of to-day 's aliments , and now this piece of beef is also destroyed . I am afraid there will be nothing for dinner but some mucilaginous saccharine vegetables , and they , most probably , will be boiled to a viscous consistency . ” “ And what excuse can you offer for all this ? ” exclaimed the doctor , his voice trembling with passion . “ It was unavoidable ; ” replied Celestina , coolly ; “ whilst I was copying a cast from the Apollo Belvidere this morning , having unguardedly applied too much caloric to the vessel containing the leg of mutton , the aqueous fluid in which it was immersed evaporated , and the viand became completely calcinated . Whilst the other affair — ” “ Hush , hush ! ” interrupted the doctor ; “ I cannot bear to hear you mention it . Oh , surely Job himself never suffered such a trial of his patience ! In fact , his troubles were scarcely worth mentioning , for he was never cursed with learned servants ! ” Saying this , the doctor retired , lamenting his hard fate in not having been born in those halcyon days when cooks drew nothing but their poultry ; whilst the gentle Celestina 's breast panted with indignation at his complaint . An opportunity soon offered for revenge ; and seeing the doctor 's steam valet ready to be carried to its master 's chamber , she treacherously applied a double portion of caloric ; in consequence of which , the machine burst whilst in the act of brushing the doctor 's coat collar , and by discharging the whole of the scalding water contained in its cauldron upon him , reduced him to a melancholy state . ON THE DEATH OF A FRIEND . Thou art gone to the grave , but we will not deplore thee , Since God was thy refuge , thy ransom , thy guide ; He gave thee , he took thee and he will restore thee , And death has no sting since the Saviour has died . The Amulet for 1828 . St. Martin 's , near Canterbury . St. Martin 's , near Canterbury . THE FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH ERECTED IN ENGLAND . ( For the Mirror .) The venerable and interesting church of St. Martin is situated on the side of a hill , ( named from it ,) at the distance of little more than a quarter of a mile from the dilapidated walls of Canterbury . It is generally believed to have been erected by the Christian soldiers in the Roman army , about the time of king Lucius , A. D. 182 , and hence is justly esteemed as the first Christian church erected in Britain , and indeed nothing appears to contradict this assertion ; for the Britons , before the arrival of the Romans , were , as is well known , in a state of barbarism and idolatry , and their habitations huts of clay and turf ; and as to its being built after their departure , I do not think it at all likely , for England was then ravaged and overrun by the warlike clans of its mountain neighbours , and consequently its inhabitants had not time or inclination to erect buildings , when their lives and property were daily in danger . Their successors , the early Saxons , too , I think , cannot claim any pretensions to St. Martin , they being heathens , and unacquainted with the Christian religion . Nor could they , entirely ignorant of Roman materials , have built an edifice completely composed with them . Here then was a Christian church and a Christian congregation established in Britain full 415 years before Augustin 's arrival ; but as St. Martin , bishop of Tours , died in the year 395 , this church could not have been erected in his honour ; but it might afterwards have been dedicated to him by Luidhard , chaplain to Bertha , wife of Ethelbert , the Kentish king ; and this is the more likely , as Luidhard himself was a French bishop . In conclusion , it may not be unnecessary to state , that though the papists consider Augustin as the apostle of the English , they do not acknowledge him as their first instructor in Christianity ; for , as it appears in their service for May 26 , Lucius , a British king , wrote to St. Eleutherius , ( who was elected priest A. D. 177 ,) desiring that he might be numbered among the Christians . By whom or by what means this conversion was effected does not appear ; but , however , in reply to it , Eleutherius sent the monks Damian and Fryatius into Britain , from whom the king and many of his subjects received the gospel . SAGITTARIUS . PICTURE OF LIBERTY . ( For the Mirror .) O , Liberty ! thou goddess , heav'nly bright ! Profuse of bliss , and pregnant with delight , External pleasures in thy presence reign . ADDISON . Aristo tells a pretty story of a fairy , who , by some mysterious law of her nature , was condemned to appear , at certain seasons , in the form of a foul and poisonous snake . Those who injured her during the period of her disguise were for ever excluded from participation in the blessings which she bestowed . But to those who , in spite of her loathsome aspect , pitied and protected her , she afterwards revealed herself in the beautiful and celestial form which was natural to her , accompanied their steps , granted all their wishes , filled their houses with wealth , made them happy in love and victorious in war . Such a spirit is Liberty . At times she takes the form of a hateful reptile ; she grovels , she hisses , she stings ; but woe to those who in disgust shall venture to crush her ! And happy are those who , having dared to receive her in her degraded and frightful shape , shall at length be rewarded by her in the time of her beauty and glory !— See Edin . Rev . vol . xlii . p. 332 . P. T. W . FIRST AND LAST . ( From the Italian .) One single truth before he died Poor Dick could only boast ; “ Alas , I die ! ” he faintly cried , And then — gave up the ghost ! FRENCH GAMING HOUSES . ( For the Mirror .) Dicing-houses , where cheaters meet , and cozen young men out of their money . Lord Herbert . Begin with a guinea , and end with a mortgage . Cumberland . What more than madness reigns , When one short sitting many hundreds drains , When not enough is left him to supply Board wages , or a footman 's livery . Dryden 's Juvenal . Gaming finds a man a cully , and leaves him a knave . Tom Brown . The last “ nine days ’ wonder ” is the excess to which gaming is carried among the higher circles of this country ; but I much doubt whether the present expositions of such enormity in a neighbouring nation will work the desired effect on Englishmen . Popular prejudices are obstinate points to combat ; but every one who has had opportunities for observation , must allow , that in their taste for gaming , the French and English character are widely different . In France , every one plays at cards , or dominoes , and at all hours in the day , in every caf è, wine-shop , and road-side inn throughout the country . I remember to have frequently seen , in the wine-shops at Paris , carters in blue smock-frocks playing at ecart è and dominoes over a bottle of vin ordinaire at eleven o'clock in the morning , particularly in the neighbourhood of the markets . In England such amusements would be illegal , and the victualler who allowed them in his house would probably be deprived of his license . In France every man plays at billiards — nay , every village has its billiard tables , one of which is almost as frequent an article of furniture in private houses , as piano-fortes are in England ; and the sign of two maces crossed , and the inscriptions “ Caf è et Billards ” are as common over the wine-houses in the provinces , as chequers formerly were in our own country towns . I remember meeting with a curious adventure during my last residence in Paris . One morning , while leisurely walking in Rue Montmartre , I was accosted in French , by a respectably dressed man , apparently about fifty , who inquired of me the situation of —— street , ( for at this moment I do not recollect the name ) . I replied that , being a foreigner , I could not afford him the required information , at the same time referring him to the next shop . He did not follow my suggestion , but almost at the very instant my eye caught the name of the street for which he had just inquired . The stranger then told me that being on a visit to the capital , he was anxious to see the interior of the palace of the Tuilleries , and was proceeding to a friend resident in the above street , who had promised to procure him admission to the royal residence , notwithstanding the king was then in Paris . I congratulated him on his success , having been , a few days previous , disappointed in the same object , when he offered also to procure admission for myself and one or two of my friends . We accordingly entered a second rate caf è, when , I made up to the gar ç on and demanded of him whether orders for viewing the Tuilleries were to be obtained there : he made no reply , but my friend of the street , who had by this time partly ascended a staircase at the extremity of the room , beckoned , and anxiously besought me to accompany him . I did so , notwithstanding I was aware that Paris , as well as London , had its “ frauds . ” We entered a large room , the first impression of which , on some minds , would have been that of terror . In the centre stood a handsome billiard-table , over which were two dirty lamps with reflectors ; the walls were papered in tawdry French taste , the ceiling black with smoke , and the whole room but indifferently lighted with a disproportionate and dusty window : the door , too , seemed planned for security , having a large lock and two bolts inside , but exhibited marks of recent repair from violent fracture . In short , there was a lurking suspicion about the place , which was not lessened by my companion meeting with a partner . From their conversation I learned they were both foreigners , and were waiting for a friend to bring the orders to view the palace , so that all the story was as yet in keeping , and I was introduced as a suitor for the same favour . My fellows “ in waiting ” showed much impatience , complained of cold , and politely asked me to take a glass of liqueur with them , at the same time taking up the mace and beginning to amuse themselves at the billiard-table . I looked on ; they asked me to join them ; I declined , and professed ignorance of the game ; but their importunities became more pressing , and at last troublesome . Not a word further was said of the palace admission . I now judged it time to take my leave , and advancing towards the door for that purpose , I perceived my companions moved also : I profited by the hint , and seizing the handle of the door , thanked them for their civility , assured them I could wait no longer , but would call in half-an-hour — leaped down the stairs , and did not stop till I reached Rue Montmartre . I afterwards learned this was a common street trick in Paris to decoy strangers to the billiard-table , and had I taken the mace in hand , it would most probably have been at the expense of a good dinner for my companions , as a smart for my credulity . A few evenings subsequent to this common-place incident , I strolled into a house of play in the palais royal , the situation having been previously pointed out to me by a friend . [ 1 ] The entrance was through a narrow passage by a silversmith 's shop , on the ground floor , at the end of which a strong light shone through the figures denoting the number of the house , largely cut in tin ; alas ! thought I , a fatal number to many thousands . On the principal landing , being that above the entre-sol story , I gently tapped at a handsome door , which was almost as gently opened . My friend ( for I was not alone ,) having deposited his hat and stick with the gar ç on , was allowed to pass , but I was stopped for want of — whiskers ; till assuring him that I was older than he took me to be , and an Englishman — I was also permitted to pass . We first entered a small room , in which was a roulette-table surrounded by players , and well staked : this communicated by folding-doors with a spacious saloon with a double table for Trente-et-un , or Rouge et Noir , round which were seated the players , behind whom stood a few lookers-on , and still fewer young men , whose stakes were “ few and far between , ” — probably those of cautious adventurers , or novices pecking at the first-fruits of play . Nothing is better described in books than the folly of gaming , and the sufferings of its victims ; but , like Virgil , in his picture of Heaven , they fall short in describing their extasies ; a failing on the right side , or perhaps purposely made , for the happiness of mankind . The seated visitors here seemed to be quite at home , some picking up their Napoleons and five franc pieces , and others recording the issues of the game , and illustrating the doctrine of chances by pricking holes in cards . A death-like stillness prevailed , interrupted only by the monotonous result of the deal of the cards , and the bewitching , though not frequent chink of gold and silver . The success of the winners was as silent as the disappointment of the losers ; neither joy nor grief displaying itself otherwise than in an almost unvaried tristesse on the countenances of the seated players — in some measure produced by ill health and intense anxiety so as to conceal better feelings . I took my station at one end of the table beside a middle-aged Frenchman , and by way of forfeit-money ( for mere lookers on are not very acceptable company ) threw a few five-franc pieces , one by one , on the same colour with his stakes , each of which varied from one to ten Napoleons . After twelve chances I had lost about thirty francs , but the Frenchman continued playing , and within twenty minutes rose a winner of three hundred Napoleons , which the banker changing for paper , he coolly put into his waistcoat pocket , and walked off . A slight emotion was visible around the table , but there was no other expression . I had now time to look around me , and enjoy a little reflection for my foolish risk . It would be difficult to say whether more anxiety was displayed among the sitters , or the company at their backs . The attractive foci of all eyes were the everlasting varieties of red and black , though not accompanied by the usual grotesque mob of kings , queens , and knaves , the latter being probably excluded by the jealousy of their living fraternity around the table . A strong and steady light spread over the faces of all present , and in some few showed the quiverings and workings of the most intense passion ; but the same stare or tip-toe of hope and fear pervaded the whole assemblage . Some counted their money with apparent caution , and seemed to divide their winnings from their store with affected precision , probably with an idea of the winnings being unfit company for other coin ; whilst others listlessly played with their cash , or in a vulgar phrase , handled it like dirt , the distinguishing feature of the cold and calculating gamester , to whom money is an object of secondary concern compared with that of play . In the standing groupe I remember to have noticed ( from his personal resemblance to a friend ) a young Englishman , whom I afterwards learned had been a constant visiter to that table during the previous three months , and had then won about two hundred Napoleons . He had just married an interesting woman , about his own age , twenty-two , and had professedly taken up his degree in the practice of play , as an elegant and honourable mode of subsistence . A few weeks after I met him and his wife , on the Italian Boulevards ; in dress he was woefully changed , and in his countenance a ghastly stare , sunken eye , and emaciated cheeks , bespoke some strong reverse of fortune : his wife too seemed dimmed by sorrow , and suffering might be traced in every lineament of her features , notwithstanding the artifice of dress was tastefully displayed about her person . Alas ! thought I , how often is the charm of wedded life snapped asunder by man — the proud lord of the creation , and how often by his strong hold on her affections , does he sink lovely woman still fondly clinging to his disgrace , in the abyss of crime and guilt . But as such incidents must be common to many of your readers who have visited the French metropolis , I shall desist from further recital . The following outline of those receptacles of vice , French Gaming Houses , from facts which I collected on the spot , aided by authenticated resources , may not prove uninteresting . Gaming-houses in Paris were first licensed in 1775 , by the lieutenant of police , who , to diminish the odium of such establishments , decreed that the profit resulting from them should be applied to the foundation of hospitals . The gamesters might therefore be said to resemble watermen , looking one way and rowing another . Their number soon amounted to twelve , and women were permitted to resort to them two days in the week . Besides the licensed establishments , several illegal ones were tolerated . In 1778 , gaming was prohibited in France ; but not at the court or in the hotels of ambassadors , where police-officers could not enter . By degrees the public establishments resumed their wonted activity , and extended their pernicious effects . The numerous suicides and bankruptcies which they occasioned , attracted the attention of the Parlement , who drew up regulations for their observance ; and threatened those who should violate them with the pillory and whipping . At length , the passion for gambling prevailing in the societies established in the Palais Royal , under the title of clubs or salons , a police ordinance was issued in 1785 , prohibiting them from gaming , and in the following year , additional prohibitory measures were enforced . During the revolution the gaming-houses were frequently prevented and licenses withheld ; but notwithstanding the rigour of the laws , and the vigilance of the police , they still contrived to exist ; and they are now regularly licensed by the police , and are under its immediate inspection . The following items of twenty tables distributed about Paris ( the established stake varying from a Napoleon to a sous ) are from the most authentic documents :— Current expenses 1 , 551 , 480 Francs . Bail to Government 6 , 000 , 000 Francs . Bonus for the bail 166 , 666 Francs . Making together 7 , 716 , 146 Francs , or about £ 321 , 589 English . Gain of the tables , per annum 9 , 600 , 000 Francs . Expenses as above 7 , 718 , 146 Francs . Leaving a clear profit of 1 , 881 , 854 Francs , or about £ 78 , 244 English ! And yet , in spite of this unanswerable logic of figures and facts , there are every day fresh victims who are infatuated enough to believe that it is possible to counterbalance the advantages which the bank possesses , by a judicious management of the power the player has of altering his stake ! The revenue formerly paid to the government for licenses , has recently been transferred to the city of Paris . In England , the outcry against gaming is loud , and deservedly so ; and the extent to which it is stated to be curried in the higher circles is rather underrated than exaggerated ; but the severity of our laws on this crime , and recent visitations of its rigour , confine it to the saloons of wealthy vice . With us it is not a national vice , as in France , where every license , facility , and even encouragement presents itself . Lotteries , which have been abolished in England , as immoral nuisances , are tolerated in France , with more mischievous effect , since , the risk is considerably less than our least shares formerly were , the lotteries smaller , and those drawn three times every month . The relics of our gaming system are only to be found on race-courses ; but in France , half the toys sold at a fair or f ê te , where mothers win rattles for their children , are by lottery , whilst our gaming at fairs is restricted to a few low adventurers for snuff-boxes , & c. Despair is the gloomiest feature of the French character , and of which gaming produces a frightful proportion , notwithstanding all that our neighbours say about our hanging and drowning in November : witness their suicides :— In 1819 : Suicides , 376 ; of which , 126 women . 1820 : do . 325 ; do . 114 do . 1821 : do . 348 ; do . 112 do . Of the suicides of these three years 25 , 50 , and 36 , were attributed to love , and 52 , 42 , 43 , to despair arising from gaming , the lottery , & c. In the winter of 1826 , several exaggerated losses by gaming were circulated in Paris with great finesse , to enable bankrupts to account for their deficiencies , many of whom were exposed and deservedly punished . A few words on the prevention of gaming , the consideration of which gave rise to this hasty sketch ; I mean by dramatic exhibitions of its direful effects . On our stage we have a pathetic tragedy by E. Moore , which , though seldom acted , is a fine domestic moral to old and young ; but the author “ Was his own Beverley , a dupe to play . ” It is scarcely necessary to allude to the recent transfers of a celebrated French expos é of French gambling to our English stage , otherwise than to question their moral tendency . The pathos of our Gamester may reach the heart ; but the French pieces command no such appeal to our sympathies . On the contrary , the vice is emblazoned in such romantic and fitful fancies , that their effect is questionable , especially on the majority of those who flock to such exhibitions . The extasies of the gamester are too seductive to be heightened by dramatic effect ; neither are they counterbalanced by their consesequent misery , when the aim of these representations should be to outweigh them ; for the authenticated publication of a single prize in the lottery has been known to seduce more adventurers than a thousand losses have deterred from risk . But they keep up the dancing spirits of the multitude , and it will be well if their influence extends no further . PHILO . [ 1 ] As the Palais Royal may be considered the central point of the maisons de jeu , or gambling-houses , it will not be irrelevant to give a brief sketch of them :— The apartments which they occupy are on the first floor , and are very spacious . Upon ascending the staircase is an antechamber , in which are persons called bouledogues ( bull-dogs ) , whose office it is to prevent the entrance of certain marked individuals . In the same room are men to receive hats , umbrellas , & c ., who give a number , which is restored upon going out . The antechamber leads to the several gaming rooms , furnished with tables , round which are seated the individuals playing , called pontes ( punters ) , each of whom is furnished with a card and a pin to mark the rouge and noir , or the number , in order to regulate his game . At each end of the table is a man called bout de table , who pushes up to the bank the money lost . In the middle of the table is the man who draws the cards . These persons , under the reign of Louis XIV ., were called coupeurs de bourses ( purse-cutters ) ; they are now denominated tailleurs . After having drawn the cards , they mate known the result as follows :— Rouge gagne et couleur perd .— Rouge perd et couleur gagne . At roulette , the tailleurs are those who put the ball in motion and announce the result . At passe-dix , every time the dice are thrown , the tailleurs announce how many the person playing has gained . Opposite the tailleur , and on his right and left , are persons called croupiers , whose business it is to pay and to collect money . Behind the tailleurs and croupiers are inspectors , to see that too much is not given in payment , besides an indefinite number of secret inspectors , who are only known to the proprietors . There are also ma î tres de maison , who are called to decide disputes ; and messieurs de la chambre , who furnish cards to the pontes , and serve them with beer , & c ., which is to be had gratis . Moreover , there is a grand ma î tre , to whom the apartments , tables , & c ., belong . When a stranger enters these apartments , he will soon find near him some obliging men of mature age , who , with an air of prudence and sagacity , proffer their advice . As these advisers perfectly understand their own game , if their prot é g é s lose , the mentors vanish ; but it they win , the counsellor comes nearer , congratulates the happy player , insinuates that it was by following his advice that fortune smiled on him , and finally succeeds in borrowing a small sum of money on honour . Many of these loungers have no other mode of living . There is likewise another room , furnished with sofas , called chamber des bless é s , which is far from being the most thinly peopled . The bank pays in ready money every successful stake and sweeps off the losings with wooden instruments , called rateaux ( rakes ) . It was in one of the houses in this quarter that the late Marshal Blucher won and lost very heavy sums , during the occupation of Paris by the allied armies . There are two gaming-houses in Paris of a more splendid description than those of the Palais Royal , where dinners or suppers are given , and where ladies are admitted .— Galignani 's History of Paris . A RETROSPECT . Oh , when I was a tiny boy , My days and nights were full of joy ; My mates were blithe and kind !— No wonder that I sometimes sigh , And dash the tear-drop from my eye . To cast a look behind ! A hoop was an eternal round Of pleasure . In those days I found A top a joyous thing ;— But now those past delights I drop ; My head alas ! is all my top , And careful thoughts the string ! My marbles — once my bag was stor 'd ,— Now I must play with Elgin 's lord ,— With Theseus for a taw ! My playful horse has slipt his string . Forgotten all his capering , And harness 'd to the law ! My kite — how fast and fair it flew . Whilst I , a sort of Franklin , drew My pleasure from the sky ! ‘ Twas paper 'd o'er with studious themes ,— The tasks I wrote — my present dreams Will never soar so high ! My joys are wingless all , and dead ; My dumps are made of more than lead ; My flights soon find a fall ; My fears prevail , my fancies droop , Joy never cometh with a hoop , And seldom with a call ! My football 's laid upon the shelf ; I am a shuttlecock , myself The world knocks to and fro ;— My archery is all unlearn 'd , And grief against myself has turn 'd My sorrow and my bow ! No more in noontide sun I bask ; My authorship 's an endless task , My head 's ne'er out of school ; My heart is pain 'd with scorn and slight ; I have too many foes to fight , And friends grown strangely cool ! The very chum that shar 'd my cake Holds out so cold a hand to shake , It makes me shrink and sigh :— On this I will not dwell and hang , The changeling would not feel a pang Though these should meet his eye ! No skies so blue or so serene As these ;— no leaves look half so green As cloth 'd the play-ground tree ! All things I lov 'd are altered so , Nor does it ease my heart to know That change resides in me . O , for the garb that mark 'd the boy ! The trousers made of corduroy . Well ink 'd with black and red ; The crownless hat , ne'er deem 'd an ill — It only let the sunshine still Repose upon my head ! O , for that small , small beer anew ! And ( heaven 's own type ) that mild sky-blue That wash 'd my sweet meals down ! The master even !— and that small turk That fagg 'd me !— worse is now my work ,— A fag ; for all the town ! The “ Arabian Nights ’ ” rehears 'd in bed ! The “ Fairy Tales ” in school-time read By stealth , ‘ twixt verb and noun ! The angel form that always walk 'd In all my dreams , and look 'd , and talk 'd . Exactly like Miss Brown ! The omne bene — Christmas come ! The prize of merit , won for home ’ — Merit had prizes then ! But now I write for days and days For fame — a deal of empty praise , Without the silver pen . Then home , sweet home ! the crowded coach — The joyous shout — the loud approach — The winding horn like ram 's ! The meeting sweet that made me thrill , The sweetmeats almost sweeter still , No “ satis ” to the “ jams ! ” ENGLISH DRESS . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) Mr . Editor .— In No . 200 of the MIRROR , you will find an article , entitled Female Fashions during the early part of the Last Century . The author then promised to give a description of the dress of the English gentlemen of the same period , but as no such description has yet appeared in your pages , I trust you will insert the annexed at your first convenient opportunity . G. W. N . Dress of the English Gentlemen during the Early part of the Last Century . In the reign of King William III ., the English gentlemen affected to dress like their dependents . Their hats were laced , and their coats and waistcoats were embroidered with gold and silver fringe ; indeed it really became extremely difficult to distinguish a man of quality from one of his lackeys . They did not , however , long persevere in this ridiculous imitation , for they soon afterwards , like the ladies , servilely followed the French fashions . The great partiality of the English beau monde towards the bon ton of France , was a wonderful advantage to that country — an advantage which the English government in vain endeavoured to abolish , although a heavy duty was imposed on all French ribbon and lace imported into this kingdom . Many millions were annually expended in French cambric , muslin , ribbon , and lace , which useless expenditure very sensibly injured our commercial transactions with other nations . Perukes and long wigs were worn at the revolution ; but these being greatly inconvenient in all weathers , some people tied up their wigs , which was the first occasion of short wigs coming into fashion . Some few years afterwards , bob-wigs were adopted by the gentlemen , especially by those of the army and the navy . The English costume was remarkably neat and plain anterior to the year 1748 ; at which period , however , all gentlemen rather resembled military officers than private individuals , for their coats were not only richly embroidered with gold and silver , but they even assumed the cockade in their hats , and carried long rapiers at their sides . At length this imposing attire was adopted by the merchants and tradesmen of the metropolis , and soon afterwards by the most notorious rogues and pickpockets in town , so that when any person with a laced coat , a cockade , and a sword , walked along the streets of London , it was absolutely impossible to determine whether he affected to be thought a nobleman , a military officer , a tradesman , or a pickpocket , for he bore an equal resemblance to each of these characters . In the year 1749 , hair-powder was used by the finished gentlemen , though the use of it , a year or two previous , was prohibited in every class of society . Of the costume of this period ( i. e . about 1749 ) , the immortal Hogarth , in his works , has left us numerous specimens , which need no comment here : his productions , indeed , are so equal in merit , that it is impossible to decide which is his ne plus ultra . In conclusion , I would advise the reader to refer to a few of Hogarth 's prints , for they will admirably serve to illustrate the above observations on the fashions and habits of our forefathers . Astronomical Occurrences FOR NOVEMBER , 1827 . ( For the Mirror .) Should the afternoon of Saturday , the 3rd of the month , prove favourable , we shall be afforded an opportunity of witnessing another of those interesting phenomena — eclipses , at least the latter part of one , a portion of it only being visible to the inhabitants of this island ; the defect above alluded to is a lunar one . The passage of the moon through the earth 's shadow commences at 3 h. 29 m. 34 s. afternoon ; she rises at Greenwich at 4 h. 45 m. 34 s. with the northern part of her disk darkened to the extent of nearly 10 digits . The greatest obscuration will take place at 5 h. 7 m. 42 s. when 10-1 / 2 digits will be eclipsed ; she then recedes from the earth 's shadow , when the sun 's light will first be perceived extending itself on her lower limb towards the east ; it will gradually increase till she entirely emerges from her veil of darkness , the extreme verge of which leaves her at her upper limb 32 deg . from her vertex , or highest point of her disc . We have the following in “ Moore , ” some years ago , on the nature and causes of eclipses of the sun and moon :— “ Far different sun 's and moon 's eclipses are , The moon 's are often , but the sun 's more rare The moon 's do much deface her beauty bright ; Sol 's do not his , but hide from us his sight : It is the earth the moon 's defect procures , ‘ Tis the moon 's shadow that the sun obscures . Eastward , moon 's front beginneth first to lack , Westward , sun 's brows begin their mourning black : Moon 's eclipses come when she most glorious shines , Sun 's in moon 's wane , when beauty most declines ; Moon 's general , towards heaven and earth together , Sun 's but to earth , nor to all places neither . ” The Sun enters Sagittarius on the 23rd , at 1 h. 2 m. morning . Mercury will be visible on the 10th , in 10 deg . of Sagittarius , a little after sunset , being then at his greatest eastern elongation ; he is stationary on the 20th , and passes his inferior conjunction on the 30th , at 1-3 / 4 h. afternoon . Venus is in conjunction with the above planet on the 24th , at 9 h. evening ; she sets on the 1st at 5 h. 7 m ., and on the 30th at 4 h. 47 m. evening . Jupiter may be seen before sunrise making his appearance above the horizon about 5 h .; he is not yet distant enough from the sun to render the eclipses of his satellites visible to us . A small comet has just been discovered , situated in one of the feet of Cassiopea . It is invisible to the naked eye , and appears approaching the pole with great rapidity . PASCHE . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . DOMESTIC ECONOMY OF THE ROMANS IN THE FOURTH CENTURY . A recent discovery has added to our information the most extensive series of statistical data , which make known from an official act , and by numerical figures , the state of the Roman empire 1500 years ago ; the price of agricultural and ordinary labour ; the relative value of money ; the abundance or scarcity of certain natural productions ; the use , more or less common , of particular sorts of food ; the multiplication of cattle and of flocks ; the progress of horticulture ; the abundance of vineyards of various qualities ; the common use of singular meats , and dishes , which we think betrays a corruption of taste ; in short the relation of the value existing between the productions of agriculture and those of industry , from whence we obtain a proof of the degree of prosperity which both had reached at this remote period . This precious archaeological monument is an edict of Diocletian , published in the year 303 of our era , and fixing the price of labour and of food in the Roman empire . The first part of this edict was found by Mr. William Hanks , written upon a table of stone , which he discovered at Stratonice , now called Eskihissar in Asia Minor . The second part , which was in the possession of a traveller lately returned from the Levant , has been , brought from Rome to London by M. de Vescovali , and Colonel Leake intends to publish a literal translation of it . This agreement of so many persons of respectable character , and known talents , excludes all doubts respecting the authenticity of the monument . The imperial edict of Diocletian is composed of more than twenty-four articles . It is quite distinct from that delivered the preceding year for taxing the price of corn in the eastern provinces , and it contained no law upon the value of corn . It fixed for all the articles which it enumerated a maximum , which was the price in times of scarcity . For all the established prices it makes use of the Roman Denarii ; and it applies them to the sextarius for liquids , and to the Roman pound for the things sold by weight . Before the Augustan age , the denarius was equal to eighteen sous of our money ; but it diminished gradually in value , and under Diocletian its value was not above nine sous of French money , and 45 centimes . The Roman pound was equivalent to 12 ounces , and the sextarius which was the sixth part of a conge , came near to the old Paris chopin , or half a litre . Proceeding on these data , M. Moreau de Jonnes has formed a table , showing , 1. the maximum in Roman measures , the same as the established imperial edict ; and 2. the mean price of objects formed from half the maximum , and reduced into French measures . The following is the table drawn up by M. Moreau de Jonnes . The slightest inspection of it will enable us to appreciate the importance of this archaeological discovery , for no monument of antiquity has furnished so long a series of numerical terms , of statistical data , and positive testimony of the civil life and domestic economy of the Greeks and Romans :— I .— PRICE OF LABOUR . Maximum Mean Price in Roman in English Money . Money . £. s. d. To a day labourer 25 Den . 0 4 8 Do . for interior works 50 0 9 4 To a mason 50 0 9 4 To a maker of mortar 50 0 9 4 To a marble-cutler , or maker of mosaic work 60 0 11 4 To a tailor for making clothes 50 0 9 4 Do . for sewing only 6 0 1 1-1 / 2 For making shoes for the patricians 150 1 8 1 Do . shoes for workmen 120 1 2 8 for the military 100 0 18 8 for the senators 100 0 18 8 for the women 60 0 11 4 Military sandals 75 0 14 0-1 / 2 To a barber for each man 2 0 0 4-1 / 2 To a veterinary surgeon for shearing the animals and trimming their feet 6 0 1 1-1 / 2 Do . for currycombing and cleaning them 20 0 9 9 For one month 's lessons in architecture 100 0 18 8 To an advocate for a petition to the tribunal 250 2 6 9 For the hearing a cause 1000 9 7 6 II .— PRICE OF WINES . Maximum Mean Price of of the the English Sextarius . Pint , Wine Measure . £. s. d. Picene , Tiburtine , Sabine , Aminean , Surentine , Setinian , and Falernian wines 30 Den . 0 5 4 Old wines of the first quality 24 0 4 2-3 / 4 Do . of second quality 16 0 2 10 Country wine 8 0 1 5 Beer 4 0 0 4-3 / 4 Beer of Egypt 2 0 0 2 Spiced wine of Asia 30 0 5 4 Barley wine of Attica 24 0 4 2-3 / 4 Decoction of different raising 16 0 2 10 III .— PRICE OF MEAT . Maximum Mean Price of of the Roman the French pound . pound . £. s. d. Flesh of oxen 8 Den . 0 2 0 Do . of mutton , or of goat 8 0 2 0 Do . of lamb , or of kid 12 0 3 0 Do . of pork 12 0 3 0 The best lard 16 0 4 0 The best ham from Westphalia , from Cerdagne , or from the country of the Marses 20 0 5 0 Fat fresh pork 12 0 3 0 Belly and tripe 16 0 4 0 Pig 's liver , enlarged by being fattened upon figs 16 0 4 0 Pig 's feet , each 4 0 0 9 Fresh pork sausages , weighing one ounce 2 0 0 4-1 / 2 Do . of fresh beef 16 0 2 9-1 / 2 Pork sausages and seasoned 16 0 4 0 Do . of smoked beef 10 0 2 9-1 / 2 IV .— POULTRY AND GAME . Maximum Mean Price of of each each in English in Roman Money . Money . £. s. d. One fat male peacock 250 Den . 2 6 9 One fat female peacock 200 1 17 9 One male wild peacock 125 1 3 4-1 / 2 One female wild peacock 100 0 18 8 One fat goose 200 2 6 9 Do . not fat 100 0 18 8 One hen 60 0 11 4 One duck 40 0 7 4 One partridge 30 0 5 8 One hare 150 1 8 1 One rabbit 40 0 7 4 V .— FISH . Maximum Mean Price of of each each in English in Roman Money . Money . £. s. d. Sea fish , first quality 24 Den . 0 4 6 Do . second quality 16 0 3 0 River fish , first quality 12 0 2 3 Do . second quality 8 0 1 6 Salt fish 6 0 1 1-1 / 2 Oysters , per hundred 100 0 18 8 VI .— CULINARY VEGETABLES . Lettuces , the best , five together 4 0 0 9 Do . second quality , ten together 4 0 0 9 Common cabbages , the best , single 4 0 0 9 Cauliflower , the best , five together 4 0 0 9 Do . second quality , ten together 4 0 0 9 Beet root , the best , five together 4 0 0 9 Do . second quality , ten together 4 0 0 9 Radishes , the largest 4 0 0 9 VII .— OTHER PROVISIONS . Maximum Mean Price of of the each in English Sextarius in Money . Roman Money . £. s. d. Honey , the best 40 Den . 0 15 0 Do . second quality 20 0 7 6 Oil , the best quality 40 0 15 0 Do . the second quality 24 0 9 1 Vinegar 6 0 3 3 A stimulant to excite the appetite , made of the essence of fish 6 0 2 3 Dried cheese , the Roman pound 12 0 3 4 Fr . lb . We are much surprised at the very high prices in this table . Labour and provisions cost ten and twenty times as much as with us . But when we come to compare the price of provisions with the price of labour the dearness of all the necessaries of life appears still more excessive . M. Moreau de Jonnes makes this comparison . He brings together from the edicts of Diocletian a great many facts given by historians , and he shows , that , if the abundance of the precious metals has any influence on raising the prices , the want of labour , industry , and of produce , must cause it also . These considerations point out in the strongest manner the poverty of this royal people , of whom two-thirds , if not three-fourths , were reduced to live on fish and cheese , and drink piquette , when the expense of the table of Vitellius amounted , in a single year , to 175 millions of Francs .— Brewster 's Journal of Science . THE GATHERER . “ I am but a Gatherer and disposer of other men 's stuff . ” — Wotton TWELVE GOLDEN RULES OF CHARLES I . 1 . Profane no divine ordinances . 2 . Touch no state matters . 3 . Urge no healths . 4 . Pick no quarrels . 5 . Maintain no ill opinions . 6 . Encourage no vice . 7 . Repeat no grievances . 8 . Reveal no secrets . 9 . Make no comparisons . 10 . Keep no bad company . 11 . Make no long meals . 12 . Lay no wagers . EPIGRAMS , Written on the Union , 1801 , by a celebrated Barrister of Dublin . Adapted to the Commercial Failures , 1800 . Why should we exclaim , that the times are so bad , Pursuing a querulous strain ? When Erin gives up all the rights that she had , What right has she left to complain ? The Cit complains to all he meets , That grass will grow in Dublin streets , And swears that all is over ! Short-sighted mortals , can n't you see , Your mourning will be chang 'd to glee — For then you 'll live in clover . Necessitas non habet legem . ON SIR JOHN ANSTRUTHER . By the Honourable Thomas Erskine . Necessity and Law are alike each other : Necessity has no Law — nor has Anstruther . EPITAPH ON A CONTROVERSIALIST . On the death of that turbulent and refractory enthusiast , John Lilburne , alias Free-born John , alias Lilburne the Trouble-world , there appeared the following epigrammatic epitaph :— Is John departed , and is Lilburne gone ? Farewell to both , to Lilburne and to John ! Yet being gone , take this advice from me , Let them not both in one grave buried be . Here lay ye John ; lay Lilburne thereabout , For if they both should meet , they would fall out . This alluded to a saying , that John Lilburne was so quarrelsome , that if he were the only man in the world , John would quarrel with Lilburne , and Lilburne with John . Lilburne , it will be remembered , was a sad thorn in Cromwell 's sore side , for which the protector amply repaid him . HOSPITAL OF SURGERY . A new surgical hospital is to be forthwith erected in the neighbourhood of Charing Cross , where the King , with his usual and characteristic munificence , has given a spot of ground on which it is to be erected . A benevolent individual has given , within these few days , 1 , 500 l. towards a fund for the building . Printed and Published by J. Limbird , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) and sold by all Newssmen and Booksellers .