THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 19 , No . 549 ] SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER [ PRICE 2d . THE ALHAMBRA , IN SPAIN GENERAL VIEW . Palace of Charles V ., see page 340 . Accumulated novelties from Books published within the past month have led to the publication of the present Supplement . Although its contents have not been drawn from works of unfettered fancy , it is hoped they will be found to blend the real with the imaginative in such a degree as to render their knowledge not the less useful for its being amusive . The Engravings are perhaps as appropriate as attractive ; since they illustrate , and the artists hope not unworthily , the New Sketch Book of WASHINGTON IRVING . THE ALHAMBRA . by Geoffrey Crayon , Author Of The Sketch Book , & c . What ! Washington Irving , or , as the title-page will have it , Geoffrey Crayon , in SPAIN , wandering up and down the deserted halls of the Alhambra , and weaving its legendary lore with thick coming fancies into sketches of enchanting interest . The origin of the work , ( the New Sketch Book ,) as it has been inappropriately styled , is told in the dedication to David Wilkie , Esq ., R. A. Mr. Irving and the great artist just named were fellow travellers on the continent a few years since . In their rambles about some of the old cities of Spain , they were more than once struck with scenes and incidents which reminded them of passages in the “ Arabian Nights . ” The painter urged Mr. Irving to write something that should illustrate those peculiarities , “ something in the Haroun Alrasched style ” that should have a dash of that Arabian spice which pervades every thing in Spain . The author set to work , con amore , and has produced two goodly volumes , with a few “ Arabesque ” sketches and tales founded on popular traditions . His study was THE ALHAMBRA , which must have inspired him for his task . To quote his own words : “ how many legends and traditions , true and fabulous ; how many songs and romances , Spanish and Arabian , of love and war , and chivalry , are associated with this romantic pile . ” The Governor of the Alhambra gave Mr. Irving and his companion , permission to occupy his vacant apartments in the Moorish Palace . “ My companion , ” says the author , “ was soon summoned away by the duties of his station ; but I remained for several months , spellbound in the old enchanted pile . ” Such is the plan or frame of the work before us . It has induced us to select the Embellishments on the annexed page ; and their description , from so graceful a pencil as that of the author , will , we hope , bespeak the favour of the reader . “ The Alhambra is an ancient fortress or castellated palace of the Moorish kings of Granada , where they held dominion over this their boasted terrestrial paradise , and made their last stand for empire in Spain . The palace occupies but a portion of the fortress , the walls of which , studded with towers , stretch irregularly round the whole crest of a lofty hill that overlooks the city , and forms a spur of the Sierra Nevada , or snowy mountain . “ In the time of the Moors , the fortress was capable of containing an army of forty thousand men within its precincts , and served occasionally as a stronghold of the sovereigns against their rebellious subjects . After the kingdom had passed into the hands of the Christians , the Alhambra continued a royal demesne , and was occasionally inhabited by the Castilian monarchs . The Emperor Charles V. began a sumptuous palace within its walls , but was deterred from completing it by repeated shocks of earthquakes . The last royal residents were Philip V. and his beautiful queen Elizabetta of Parma , early in the eighteenth century . Great preparations were made for their reception . The palace and gardens were placed in a state of repair , and a new suite of apartments erected , and decorated by artists brought from Italy . The sojourn of the sovereigns was transient , and after their departure the palace once more became desolate . Still the place was maintained with some military state . The governor held it immediately from the crown , its jurisdiction extended down into the suburbs of the city , and was independent of the captain general of Granada . A considerable garrison was kept up , the governor had his apartments in the front of the old Moorish palace , and never descended into Granada without some military parade . The fortress , in fact , was a little town of itself , having several streets of houses within its walls , together with a Franciscan convent and a parochial church . “ The desertion of the court , however , was a fatal blow to the Alhambra . Its beautiful halls became desolate , and some of them fell to ruin ; the gardens were destroyed , and the fountains ceased to play . By degrees the dwellings became filled up with a loose and lawless population ; contrabandistas , who availed themselves of its independent jurisdiction to carry on a wide and daring course of smuggling , and thieves and rogues of all sorts , who made this their place of refuge from whence they might depredate upon Granada and its vicinity . The strong arm of government at length interfered : the whole community was thoroughly sifted ; none were suffered to remain but such as were of honest character , and had legitimate right to a residence ; the greater part of the houses were demolished and a mere hamlet left , with the parochial church and the Franciscan convent . During the recent troubles in Spain , when Granada was in the hands of the French , the Alhambra was garrisoned by their troops , and the palace was occasionally inhabited by the French commander . With that enlightened taste which has ever distinguished the French nation in their conquests , this monument of Moorish elegance and grandeur was rescued from the absolute ruin and desolation that were overwhelming it . The roofs were repaired , the saloons and galleries protected from the weather , the gardens cultivated , the water courses restored , the fountains once more made to throw up their sparkling showers ; and Spain may thank her invaders for having preserved to her the most beautiful and interesting of her historical monuments . “ On the departure of the French they blew up several towers of the outer wall , and left the fortifications scarcely tenable . Since that time the military importance of the post is at an end . The garrison is a handful of invalid soldiers , whose principal duty is to guard some of the outer towers , which serve occasionally as a prison of state ; and the governor , abandoning the lofty hill of the Alhambra , resides in the centre of Granada , for the more convenient dispatch of his official duties . Interior of the Alhambra “ The Alhambra has been so often and so minutely described by travellers , that a mere sketch will , probably , be sufficient for the reader to refresh his recollection ; I will give , therefore , a brief account of our visit to it the morning after our arrival in Granada . “ Leaving our posada of La Espada , we traversed the renowned square of the Vivarrambla , once the scene of Moorish jousts and tournaments , now a crowded market-place . From thence we proceeded along the Zacatin , the main street of what , in the time of the Moors , was the Great Bazaar , where the small shops and narrow allies still retain the Oriental character . Crossing an open place in front of the palace of the captain-general , we ascended a confined and winding street , the name of which reminded us of the chivalric days of Granada . It is called the Calle , or street of the Gomeres , from a Moorish family famous in chronicle and song . This street led up to a massive gateway of Grecian architecture , built by Charles V. forming the entrance to the domains of the Alhambra . “ At the gate were two or three ragged and superannuated soldiers , dozing on a stone bench , the successors of the Zegris and the Abencerrages ; while a tall meagre varlet , whose rusty-brown cloak was evidently intended to conceal the ragged state of his nether garments , was lounging in the sunshine and gossiping with an ancient sentinel on duty . He joined us as we entered the gate , and offered his services to show us the fortress . “ I have a traveller 's dislike to officious ciceroni , and did not-altogether like the garb of the applicant . “ ‘ You are well acquainted with the place , I presume ? ’ “ ‘ Ninguno mas ; pues Senor , soy hijo de la Alhambra . ’ — ( Nobody better ; in fact , Sir , I am a son of the Alhambra !) “ The common Spaniards have certainly a most poetical way of expressing themselves . ‘ A son of the Alhambra ! ’ the appellation caught me at once ; the very tattered garb of my new acquaintance assumed a dignity in my eyes . It was emblematic of the fortunes of the place , and befitted the progeny of a ruin . “ I put some farther questions to him , and found that his title was legitimate . His family had lived in the fortress from generation to generation ever since the time of the conquest . His name was Mateo Ximenes . ‘ Then , perhaps , ’ said I , ‘ you may be a descendant from the great Cardinal Ximenes ? ’ — ‘ Dios Sabe ! God knows , Senor ! It may be so . We are the oldest family in the Alhambra ,— Christianos Viejos , old Christians , without any taint of Moor or Jew . I know we belong to some great family or other , but I forget whom . My father knows all about it : he has the coat-of-arms hanging up in his cottage , up in the fortress . ’ There is not any Spaniard , however poor , but has some claim to high pedigree . The first title of this ragged worthy , however , had completely captivated me , so I gladly accepted the services of the ‘ son of the Alhambra . ’ “ We now found ourselves in a deep narrow ravine , filled with beautiful groves , with a steep avenue , and various footpaths winding through it , bordered with stone seats , and ornamented with fountains . To our left , we beheld the towers of the Alhambra beetling above us ; to our right , on the opposite side of the ravine , we were equally dominated by rival towers on a rocky eminence . These , we were told , were the Torres Vermejos , or vermilion towers , so called from their ruddy hue . No one knows their origin . They are of a date much anterior to the Alhambra : some suppose them to have been built by the Romans ; others , by some wandering colony of Phoenicians . Ascending the steep and shady avenue , we arrived at the foot of a huge square Moorish tower ; forming a kind of barbican , through which passed the main entrance to the fortress . Within the barbican was another group of veteran invalids , one mounting guard at the portal , while the rest , wrapped in their tattered cloaks , slept on the stone benches . This portal is called the Gate of Justice , from the tribunal held within its porch during the Moslem domination , for the immediate trial of petty causes : a custom common to the Oriental nations , and occasionally alluded to in the Sacred Scriptures . “ The great vestibule or porch of the gate , is formed by an immense Arabian arch , of the horse-shoe form , which springs to half the height of the tower . On the key-stone of this arch is engraven a gigantic hand . Within the vestibule , on the key-stone of the portal , is sculptured , in like manner , a gigantic key . Those who pretend to some knowledge of Mahometan symbols , affirm that the hand is the emblem of doctrine , and the key of faith ; the latter , they add , was emblazoned on the standard of the Moslems when they subdued Andalusia , in opposition to the Christian emblem of the Cross . A different explanation , however , was given by the legitimate son of the Alhambra , and one more in unison with the notions of the common people , who attach something of mystery and magic to every thing Moorish , and have all kind of superstitions connected with this old Moslem fortress . “ According to Mateo , it was a tradition handed down from the oldest inhabitants , and which he had from his father and grandfather , that the hand and key were magical devices on which the fate of the Alhambra depended . The Moorish King who built it was a great magician , or , as some believed , had sold himself to the devil , and had laid the whole fortress under a magic spell . By this means it had remained standing for several hundred years , in defiance of storms and earthquakes , while almost all other buildings of the Moors had fallen to ruin , and disappeared . This spell , the tradition went on to say , would last until the hand on the outer arch should reach down and grasp the key , when the whole pile would tumble to pieces , and all the treasures buried beneath it by the Moors would be revealed . “ Notwithstanding this ominous prediction , we ventured to pass through the spell-bound gateway , feeling some little assurance against magic art in the protection of the Virgin , a statue of whom we observed above the portal . “ After passing through the barbican , we ascended a narrow lane , winding between walls , and came on an open esplanade within the fortress , called the Plaza de los Algibes , or Place of the Cisterns , from great reservoirs which undermine it , cut in the living rock by the Moors for the supply of the fortress . Here , also , is a well of immense depth , furnishing the purest and coldest of water ; another monument of the delicate taste of the Moors , who were indefatigable in their exertions to obtain that element in its crystal purity . “ In front of this esplanade is the splendid pile commenced by Charles V ., intended , it is said , to eclipse the residence of the Moslem kings . With all its grandeur and architectural merit , it appeared to us like an arrogant intrusion , and , passing by it , we entered a simple , unostentatious portal , opening into the interior of the Moorish palace . “ The transition was almost magical : it seemed as if we were at once transported into other times and another realm , and were treading the scenes of Arabian story . We found ourselves in a great court , paved with white marble , and decorated at each end with light Moorish peristyles : it is called the Court of the Alberca . In the centre was an immense basin or fish-pond , a hundred and thirty feet in length by thirty in breadth , stocked with gold-fish and bordered by hedges of roses . At the upper end of this court rose the great Tower of Comares . “ From the lower end we passed through a Moorish archway into the renowned Court of Lions . There is no part of the edifice that gives us a more complete idea of its original beauty and magnificence than this , for none has suffered so little from the ravages of time . In the centre stands the fountain famous in song and story . The alabaster basins still shed their diamond drops ; and the twelve lions , which support them , cast forth their crystal streams as in the days of Boabdil . The court is laid out in flower-beds , and surrounded by light Arabian arcades of open filagree work , supported by slender pillars of white marble . The architecture , like that of all the other parts of the palace , is characterized by elegance rather than grandeur ; bespeaking a delicate and graceful taste , and a disposition to indolent enjoyment . When one looks upon the fairy tracery of the peristyles , and the apparently fragile fretwork of the walls , it is difficult to believe that so much has survived the wear and tear of centuries , the shocks of earthquakes , the violence of war , and the quiet , though no less baneful , pilferrings of the tasteful traveller : it is almost sufficient to excuse the popular tradition , that the whole is protected by a magic charm . “ On one side of the court , a portal , richly adorned , opens into a lofty hall , paved with white marble , and called the Hall of the Two Sisters . A cupola , or lantern , admits a tempered light from above , and a free circulation of air . The lower part of the walls is encrusted with beautiful Moorish tiles , on some of which are emblazoned the escutcheons of the Moorish monarchs : the upper part is faced with the fine stucco-work invented at Damascus , consisting of large plates , cast in moulds , and artfully joined , so as to have the appearance of having been laboriously sculptured by the hand into light relievos and fanciful arabesques , intermingled with texts of the Koran , and poetical inscriptions in Arabian and Cufic character . These decorations of the walls and cupolas are richly gilded , and the interstices pencilled with lapis-lazuli , and other brilliant and enduring colours . On each side of the hall are recesses for ottomans and couches . Above the inner porch is a balcony , which communicated with the women 's apartments . The latticed ‘ jalousies ’ still remain , from whence the dark-eyed beauties of the haram might gaze unseen upon the entertainments of the hall below . “ It is impossible to contemplate this once favourite abode of Oriental manners without feeling the early associations of Arabian romance , and almost expecting to see the white arm of some mysterious princess beckoning from the balcony , or some dark eye sparkling through the lattice . The abode of beauty is here , as if it had been inhabited but yesterday ; but where are the Zoraydas and Lindaraxas ? “ On the opposite side of the Court of Lions , is the Hall of the Abencerrages ; so called from the gallant cavaliers of that illustrious line who were here perfidiously massacred . There are some who doubt the whole truth of this story ; but our humble attendant Mateo pointed out the very wicket of the portal through which they are said to have been introduced , one by one , and the white marble fountain in the centre of the hall where they were beheaded . He showed us also certain broad ruddy stains in the pavement , traces of their blood , which , according to popular belief , can never be effaced . Finding we listened to him with easy faith , he added , that there was often heard at night , in the Court of Lions , a low , confused sound , resembling the murmuring of a multitude ; with now and then a faint tinkling , like the distant clank of chains . These noises are probably produced by the bubbling currents and tinkling falls of water , conducted under the pavement , through pipes and channels , to supply the fountains ; but , according to the legend of the son of the Alhambra , they are made by the spirits of the murdered Abencerrages , who nightly haunt the scene of their suffering , and invoke the vengeance of Heaven on their destroyer . “ From the Court of Lions we retraced our steps through the Court of the Alberca , or Great Fishpool ; crossing which we proceeded to the Tower of Comares , so called from the name of the Arabian architect . It is of massive strength and lofty height , domineering over the rest of the edifice , and overhanging the steep hill-side , which descends abruptly to the banks of the Darro . A Moorish archway admitted us into a vast and lofty hall , which occupies the interior of the tower , and was the grand audience chamber of the Moslem monarchs , thence called the Hall of Ambassadors . It still bears the traces of past magnificence . The walls are richly stuccoed and decorated with arabesques ; the vaulted ceiling of cedar-wood , almost lost in obscurity , from its height , still gleams with rich gilding , and the brilliant tints of the Arabian pencil . On three sides of the saloon are deep windows cut through the immense thickness of the walls , the balconies of which look down upon the verdant valley of the Darro , the streets and convents of the Albaycin , and command a prospect of the distant Vega . “ I might go on to describe minutely the other delightful apartments of this side of the palace ; the Tocador , or toilet of the queen , an open belvidere , on the summit of a tower , where the Moorish sultanas enjoyed the pure breezes from the mountain , and the prospect of the surrounding paradise ; the secluded little patio , or garden of Lindaraxa , with its alabaster fountain , its thickets of roses and myrtles , of citrons and oranges ; the cool halls and grottoes of the baths , where the glare and heat of day are tempered into a soft mysterious light , and a pervading freshness . “ While the city below pants with the noontide heat , and the parched vega trembles to the eye , the delicate airs from the Sierra Nevada , play through these lofty halls , bringing with them the sweetness of the surrounding gardens . Every thing invites to that indolent repose , the bliss of southern climes ; and while the half-shut eye looks out from shaded balconies upon the glittering landscape , the ear is lulled by the rustling of groves , and the murmur of running streams . ” Here we must end . The Sketches bear the very perfection of romance in their titles . Yes , expectant reader , think of the Alhambra by Moonlight — A Ramble among the Hills — Legend of the Arabian Astrologer — The Tower of Las Infantas — Legends of the three beautiful Princesses — The Pilgrim of Love — The Rose of the Alhambra ,— the two discreet Statues , & c. & c. What hours of spell-bound delight do these two volumes lock up , yet we hope but for a short season , from all who would vary “ life 's dull round ” with romantic lore . NATURAL HISTORY . The remarkably attractive Number of the Magazine of Natural History for the present month enables us to checker our sheet with a page or two of facts which will be interesting to every inquiring mind . Hail at Lausanne . “ At Lausanne , on the 14th of July , 1831 , about 8 P. M ., we witnessed one of those hail-storms which , every summer , cause such ravages in the south of Europe . A great proportion of the hailstones were as big as hen 's eggs , and some even bigger : seven nearly filled a common dinner plate . They were mostly oval or globular ; but one piece , brought to us after the storm , was flat and square , full 2 in . long , as many broad , and three quarters of an inch thick , with several projecting knobs of ice as big as large hazel nuts . This mass exactly resembled a piece of uniformly transparent ice , but the oval and globular masses had the same conformation as has often been described in these hailstones , and on which Volta founded his ingenious but untenable theory of their formation . In the centre of each was a small , white , opaque nucleus , the size of a pea , and evidently one of the hailstones usually seen in England , to which the French give the name of gr é sil , confining the term gr é le to the larger masses of ice now under our observation . This nucleus of gresil was enclosed in a coat about half an inch thick of ice considerably more transparent than it , but still somewhat opaque , as though of snow melted and then frozen again , and externally the rest of the mass was of ice perfectly transparent , and as compact and hard as possible , resounding like a pebble , and not breaking when thrown on the floor . The inhabitants of Lausanne , aware that the cinereous and puffed up appearance of the clouds charged with this tremendous aerial artillery portended more than a mere thunder-storm , had adopted the precaution of closing their Venetian shutters ; but such windows as were deprived of this protection had almost every pane broken : and much damage was done to the tiles of all the houses , and to the gardens and vineyards ; but less than might have been expected , owing to the short duration of the storm , which did not last longer than seven or eight minutes , and to the circumstance of the hailstones not being very numerous . ” — ( W . Spence .) Cedar Wood . “ The cedar has been recommended , among other woods , for the purpose of constructing drawers for cabinets of insects . Let the inexperienced collector be warned that this is , perhaps , the very worst wood that can be employed for the purpose ; a strong effluvia , or sometimes a resinous gum , exudes from the wood of the cedar , which is apt to settle in blotches on the wings of the specimens , especially of the more delicate Lepid ó ptera , and entirely discharges the colour . The Rev . Mr. Bree once had a whole collection of lepidopterous insects utterly spoiled from having been deposited in cedar drawers ; and he has understood , also , that the insects in the British Museum , collected , he believes , chiefly by Dr. Leach , have been greatly injured from the same cause . Possibly , however , cedar wood , after it has been thoroughly well seasoned , may be less liable to produce these injurious effects . ” Habits of the Common Snake in Captivity . A Staffordshire Correspondent writes thus familiarly : “ This has been a remarkably good season , both for vegetables and animals . It has been a singular time for adders , snakes , and lizards ; I never saw so many as I have seen this year in all my life . I have been trying , a great part of this summer , to domesticate a common snake , and make it familiar with me and my children ; but all to no purpose , notwithstanding I favoured it with my most particular attention . It was a most beautiful creature , only 2 ft. 7 in . long . I did not know how long it had been without food when I caught it ; but I presented it with frogs , toads , worms , beetles , spiders , mice , and every other delicacy of the season . I also tried to charm it with music , and my children stroked and caressed it ; but all in vain : it would be no more familiar with any of us than if we had been the greatest strangers to it , or even its greatest enemies . I kept it in an old barrel , out of doors , for the first three weeks : during that time , I can aver , it ate nothing ; but , after a very wet night , it seemed to suffer from the cold . I then put it into a glass vessel , and set it on the parlour chimney-piece , covering the vessel with a piece of silk gauze . I caught two live mice , and put them in to it ; but they would sooner have died of hunger than the snake would have eaten them : they sat shivering on its back , while it lay coiled up as round as a ball of worstep . I gave the mice some boiled potatoes , which they eat : but the snake would eat neither the mice nor the potatoes . My children frequently took it out in their hands , to show it to their schoolfellows ; but my wife , and some others , could not bear the sight of it . I one day took it in my hand , and opened its mouth with a penknife , to show a gentleman how different it was from that of the adder , which I had dead by me : its teeth being no more formidable or terrific than the teeth of a trout or eel ; while the mouth of the adder had two fangs , like the claws of a cat , attached to the roof of the mouth , no way connected with its jaw-teeth . While examining the snake in this manner , it began to smell most horridly , and filled the room with an abominable odour ; I also felt , or thought I felt , a kind of prickly numbness in the hand I held it in , and did so for some weeks afterwards . In struggling for its liberty , it twisted itself round my arm , and discharged its excrements on my coat-sleeve , which seemed nothing more than milk , or like the chalkings of a woodcock . It made its escape from me several times by boring a hole through the gauze ; I had lost it for some days at one time , when at length it was observed peeping out of a mouse-hole behind one of the cellar steps . Whether it had caught any beetles or spiders in the cellar , I cannot say ; but it looked as fierce as a hawk , and hissed and shook its tongue , as in open defiance . I could not think of hurting it by smoking it out with tobacco or brimstone ; but called it my fiery dragon which guarded my ale cellar . At length I caught it , coiled up on one of the steps . I put it again into an American flour barrel ; but it happened not to be the same as he had been in , and I observed a nail protruding through the staves about half way up . This , I suppose , he had made use of to help his escape ; for he was missing one morning about ten o'clock : I had seen him at nine o'clock ; so I thought he could not be far off . I looked about for him for half an hour , when I gave up the hunt in despair . However , at one o'clock , as the men were going from dinner , one of them observed the rogue hiding himself under a stone , fifty yards from the house . ‘ Dang my buttons , ’ said he , ‘ if here is not master 's snake . He came back and told my wife , who told him to go and kill it . It happened to be washing-day : the washerwoman gave him a pailful of scalding soapsuds to throw on it ; but whether he was most afraid of me or of the snake is still a question : however , the washerwoman brought it home with the tongs , and dropped it into the dolly-tub . It dashed round the tub with the velocity of lightning ; my daughter , seeing its agony , snatched it out of the scalding liquid , but too late : it died in a few minutes . I was not at all angry with my wife : I had had my whim , and she had had hers . I had got all the knowledge I wanted to get ; I had learned that it was of no use for a human being , who requires food three times a day , to domesticate an animal which can live weeks and months without food : for , as the saying is , ‘ Hunger will tame any thing ; ’ and without hunger you can tame nothing . I have also learned that the serpent , instead of being the emblem of wisdom , should have been an emblem of stupidity . ” “ The stench emitted by the common snake , when molested , is superlatively noisome ; and is given off so powerfully and copiously , that it infects the air around to a diameter of several yards . This I witnessed on observing a bitch dog kill a rather large snake ; in which act two points beside the odour effused were notable . The coils of the snake formed , as it were , a circular wall ; and in the circular space between it , the snake sunk its head , as if for protection . The dog 's efforts were to catch and crush the head ; and , shrivelling up her fleshy lips , ‘ which all the while ran froth , ’ she kept thrusting the points of her jaws into the circular pit aforesaid , and catching at and fracturing the head . During the progress of these acts , she , every few seconds , snorted , and shook off the froth , of which she seemed sedulously careful to free herself , and barked at the conquered snake . The dog was a most determined vermin-killer , and in rats , & c ., quite an accomplished one ; but snakes did not often come in her way . ” — J. D . CURIOUS FACTS IN VEGETATION ( From Part xiv . of Knowledge for the People , or the Plain Why and Because .) Why is it improper to consider the turnip a real bulb ? Because it is an intermediate stem which swells into a bulbous form . Turnips have not been cultivated in England , in fields , more than a century ; but this agricultural practice now yields an annual return which probably exceeds the interest of our national debt .— Sir Walter Scott . Why is the Cauliflower so named ? Because of its origin from caulis , the stalk of a herb . Colewort is of a similar origin . Why are the stems of the Cabbage tribe considered wholesome food ? Because their acrid flavour is dipersed among an abundance of mucilage . Cabbages were commonly used among the ancients , and Cato wrote volumes on their nature . The Indians had so much veneration for them , that they swore by cabbages , and were therein as superstitious as the Egyptians , who gave divine honours to leeks and onions , for the great benefits which they said they received from them .— Lemery on Food . Why do Cabbages emit a strong animal odour ? Because they contain a great quantity of azote or nitrogen , one of the ultimate elements of animal matter , and strongly characterized in the destructive distillation of horn , hoofs , or bones . Why do not the leaves of the Cabbage remain wet , after being immersed in water , and again taken out of it ? Because they are powdered with a slight layer of resinous matter , similar to that which covers certain fruits , and , in particular , plums and grapes . Their sea-green colour is also attributed to this resinous layer . Why is Quassia so called ? Because it was named in honour of a negro , Quassia , a drunken doctor , who discovered the virtue of the wood in curing malignant fevers . Why is the Ice plant so called ? Because its stem is covered with soft tubercles , or excrescences , which have a crystalline appearance . Why do the leaves of some trees fall very early ? Because they are articulated to the branch ; that is , they do not unite with it by the whole of their base , but are simply fixed to it by a kind of contraction or articulation ; as in the maple and horse chestnut . Why do leaves fall at the approach of winter ? Because a separation takes place , either in the foot-stalk , or more usually at its base , and the dying part quits the vigorous one , which is promoted by the weight of the leaf itself , or the action of the gales that blow in autumn on its expanded form . M. Richard explains the cause more philosophically : “ Although the fall of the leaves generally takes place at the approach of winter , cold is not to be considered as the principal cause of this phenomenon . It is much more natural to attribute it to the cessation of vegetation , and the want of nourishment which the leaves experience at that season , when the course of the sap is interrupted . The vessels of the leaf contract , dry up , and soon after , that organ is detached from the twig on which it had been developed . ” Why do some trees , as the Oak , the Beech , and the Hornbeam , retain their leaves to a late period of autumn ? Because the life of the twigs on which they grow is not sufficiently vigorous to throw them off , after the brown colour indicates that they are dead . Why have some plants been termed the Poor Man 's Weather-glass ? Because they shut up their flowers against the approach of rain . Linnaeus , however , thinks , that flowers lose their fine sensibility , after the anthers have performed their office , or when deprived of them artificially . Sir James Smith also observes , that some species are sometimes exhausted by continued wet ; “ and it is evident that very sudden thunder showers often take such flowers by surprise , the previous state of the atmosphere not having been such as to give them due warning . ” Many flowers have a regular time of opening and shutting . We have already mentioned the Marigold ; the goat'shYpppHeNbeard is vulgarly called “ John go-to-bed at noon , ” from its closing at mid-day ; and at the Cape of Good Hope there is a “ four o'clock flower , ” because it invariably closes at that time . The common daisy is , however , a readier example , its name being a compound of day 's and eye — Day'shYpppHeNeye , in which way , indeed , it is written by Ben Johnson . It regularly shuts after sun-set , to expand again with the morning light . Thus ,— The little dazie , that at evening closes . Spenser . By a daisy , whose leaves spread , Shut when Titian goes to bed .— G . Withers . Leyden sings of moist or rainy weather foretold by daisies . Thus we may examine a whole field , and not find a daisy open , except such as have their flowering nearly over , and have in consequence lost their sensibility . The daisy is one of the pet flowers of the poets . Chaucer is ecstatic in its praise , and calls it his “ owne hartes ’ rest ; ” Burns , “ Wee , modest , crimson-tipped flower ; ” and Wordsworth , in beautiful and touching simplicity , has addressed several poems to “ the poet 's darling . ” Appended to Richard 's valuable “ Elements , ” is the Horologium Florae , ( timepiece of Flora ,) or a table of the hours at which certain plants expand and shut , at Upsal , 60 deg . north latitude . The earliest Meadow Salsafy opens from 3 to 4 A. M .; and closes from 9 to 10 A. M . The latest A. M. is the Mesembryanthemum Modiflorum , ( used in the manufacture of Maroquin leather ,) which opens 10 to 11 A. M ., and closes at 12 P. M . The latest opening P. M. is the Cactus Grandiflorus , 9 to 10 P. M ., and closing at 12 P. M ., thus remaining open only two or three hours . Other flowers , we may add , are so peculiarly delicate , as scarcely to bear the contact of the atmosphere . Forster , in his “ Researches about Atmospheric Phenomena , ” notices several prognostics of the weather by plants . Thus , Chickweed has been said to be an excellent weather-guide . When the flower expands freely , no rain need be feared for a long time . In showery days the flower appears half concealed , and this state may be regarded as indicative of showery weather ; when it is entirely shut , we may expect a rainy day . If the flowers of the Siberian sowthistle remain open all night , we may expect rain next day . Before showers , the trefoil contracts its leaves . Lord Bacon observes , that the trefoil has its stalk more erect against rain . He also mentions a small red flower , growing in stubble-fields , called by the country people wincopipe , which , if it opens in the morning , assures us of a fine day . TRAVELS Pen and Pencil Sketches of India , being the Journal of a Tour in India . By Captain Mundy . These are two very amusing volumes of scenes and situations full of stirring interest , as their criticships would say — for example the four extracts immediately following : Palankeen Travelling and a Sortie of Tigers . “ To those unitiated into the mysteries of Indian travelling , the prospect of a journey of six hundred miles , night and day , in a hot climate , inclosed in a sort of coffin-like receptacle , carried on the shoulders of men , is somewhat alarming ; but to one more accustomed to that method of locomotion , the palankeen would , perhaps , prove less fatiguing and harassing , for a long journey , than any other conveyance . “ The horizontal or reclining position is naturally the most easy to the body ; and the exhaustion consequent upon a journey in the heat of the day , generally secures to the traveller as much sleep during the cooller hours of the night , as the frequent interruptions of the bearers at the several stages will allow him to enjoy . I had laid in a good store of tea , sugar , and biscuits , a novel , some powder and shot , a gun , and a sword , and plenty of blankets , as a defence against the coldness of the night . Our baggage consisted of a dozen boxes ( patarras ) appended to bamboos , and carried by men : these , with two torch-bearers ( mussalgees ) to each palankeen , completed our cavalcade . “ Nov. 24th , 7 A. M ., reached Hazarebaug , a small station , about two hundred and twenty miles from Calcutta . It is a healthy spot ; the earth sandy and rocky , presenting a strong contrast to the loomy and alluvial soil of Southern Bengal . From Rogonn â thpore to Hazarebaug the road runs through an almost uninterrupted jungle , swarming with wild beasts . At this place we met with a hospitable friend , who stored our palankeens with provisions , after giving us a capital breakfast . “ At eleven o'clock at night we entered the famous pass of Dunghye . The road bears the appearance of a deep sandy ravine ; the banks are rocky and woody , and in many places quite overhung by the forest-trees . We had accomplished about half the defile , when I was suddenly and rudely awakened from a dozing sleep by the shock of my palankeen coming to the ground , and by the most discordant shouts and screams . I jumped out to ascertain the cause of the uproar , and found , on inquiry , that a foraging party of tigers — probably speculating upon picking up a straggling bearer — had sprung off the rocks , and dashed across the road , bounding between my palankeen and that of Colonel D ., who was scarcely ten yards a-head . The bearers of both palankeens were all huddled together , bellowing like bedlamites , and the mussalgees waving their torches most vehemently . On mustering our forces , we discovered that two of our patarra-bearers were missing , and fearing that the tigers might pick them up , we dispatched four men with spare torches to bring them on . Meanwhile my friend and myself , having brought our palankeens together , armed ourselves with patience and a pair of pistols to await the result . The whole incident , with the time and scene , was highly interesting and wild , with just enough of the awful to give an additional piquancy . The night was dark and stormy , and the wind roared among the trees above our heads : the torches cast a red and flickering light on the rocks in our immediate neighbourhood , and just showed us enough of the depths of the forest to make the back ground more gloomy and unfathomable . The distant halloos of the men who were gone in search of their comrades , came faintly and wildly upon the breeze ; and the occasional shots that we fired rang through the rocky jungle with an almost interminable echo . In about three quarters of an hour our bearers joined us , together with the two patarra-bearers . These latter , hearing the vociferations of our men , and guessing the cause , had quietly placed their boxes on the ground , about a mile in the rear of us , and seating themselves on their heels , had determined not to proceed until the break of day . “ All being reported present , we resumed our journey , the men screaming chorus to scare our unwelcome visitors , whom I several times fancied I heard rustling among the brushwood on the road side , as though they were moving on our flanks in order to cut off any straggler who might drop astern . I never saw bearers go more expeditiously , or in more compact order , every man fearing to be the last in the cavalcade . [ 1 ] A sheet would have covered the whole party ! The tigers , if they had calculated upon one of our number for their evening meal , must have gone supperless to their lair , for we mustered all our twenty-four men in the morning . A d â k hurkarah ( post messenger ) had been carried off in the same spot two days before , probably by the same family of tigers , which according to the bearer 's account , consisted of two old ones , and three cubs . It is said , that a tiger lying in wait for a string of passengers usually selects the last of the party . Wild Beast Fights “ Early in the morning , the whole party , including ladies , eager for the novel spectacle , mounted elephants , and repaired to the private gate of the royal palace , where the King met the Commander-in-Chief , and conducted him and his company to a palace in the park , in one of the courts of which the arena for the combats was prepared . In the centre was erected a gigantic cage of strong bamboos , about fifty feet high , and of like diameter , and rooffed with rope network . Sundry smaller cells , communicating by sliding doors with the main theatre , were tenanted by every species of the savagest inhabitants of the forest . In the large cage , crowded together , and presenting a formidable front of broad , shaggy foreheads well armed with horns , stood a group of buffaloes sternly awaiting the conflict , with their rear scientifically appuy é against the bamboos . The trap-doors being lifted , two tigers , and the same number of bears and leopards , rushed into the centre . The buffaloes instantly commenced hostilities , and made complete shuttlecocks of the bears , who , however , finally escaped by climbing up the bamboos beyond the reach of their horned antagonists . The tigers , one of which was a beautiful animal , fared scarcely better ; indeed , the odds were much against them , there being five buffaloes . They appeared , however to be no match for these powerful creatures , even single-handed , and showed little disposition to be the assaulters . The larger tiger was much gored in the head , and in return took a mouthful of his enemy 's dewlap , but was finally ( as the fancy would describe it ) ‘ bored to the ropes and floored . ’ The leopards seemed throughout the conflict sedulously to avoid a breach of the peace . “ A rhinoceros was next let loose in open courtyard , and the attendants attempted to induce him to pick a quarrel with a tiger who was chained to a ring . The rhinoceros appeared , however , to consider a fettered foe as quite beneath his enmity ; and having once approached the tiger , and quietly surveyed him , as he writhed and growled , expecting the attack , turned suddenly round and trotted awkwardly off to the yard gate , where he capsized a palankeen which was carrying away a lady fatigued with the sight of these unfeminine sports . “ A buffalo and tiger were the next combatants : they attacked furiously , the tiger springing at the first onset on the other 's head , and tearing his neck severely ; but he was quickly dismounted , and thrown with such violence as nearly to break his back , and quite to disable him from renewing the combat . “ A small elephant was next impelled to attack a leopard . The battle was short and decisive ; the former falling on his knees , and thrusting his blunted tusks nearly through his antagonist . “ On our return from the beast fight a breakfast awaited us at the royal palace ; and the white tablecloth being removed , quails , trained for the purpose , were placed upon the green cloth , and fought most gamely , after the manner of the English cockpit . This is an amusement much in fashion among the natives of rank , and they bet large sums on their birds , as they lounge luxuriously round , smoking their houkahs . Hunting with Leopards “ The leopards are each accommodated with a flat-topped cart , without sides , drawn by two bullocks , and each animal has two attendants . They are loosely bound by a collar and rope to the back of the vehicle , and are also held by the keeper by a strap round the loins . A leathern hood covers their eyes . The antelopes being excessively timid and wild , the best way to enjoy the sport is to sit on the cart alongside the driver ; for the vehicle being built like the hackeries of the peasants , to the sight of which the deer are accustomed , it is not difficult , by skilful management , to approach within two hundred yards of the game . On this occasion we had three chetahs in the field , and we proceeded towards the spot where the herd had been seen , in a line , with an interval of about one hundred yards between each cart . On emerging from a cotton-field , we came in sight of four antelopes , and my driver managed to get within one hundred yards of them ere they took alarm . The chetah was quickly unhooded , and loosed from his bonds ; and as soon as he viewed the deer he dropped quietly off the cart , on the opposite side to that on which they stood , and approached them at a slow , crouching canter , masking himself by every bush and inequality of ground which lay in in his way . As soon , however , as they began to show alarm , he quickened his pace , and was in the midst of the herd in a few bounds . “ He singled out a doe , and ran it close for about two hundred yards , when he reached it with a blow of his paw , rolled it over , and in an instant was sucking the life-blood from its throat . “ One of the other chetahs was slipped at the same time , but after making four or five desperate bounds , by which he nearly reached his prey , suddenly gave up the pursuit , and came growling sulkily back to his cart . “ As soon as the deer is pulled down , a keeper runs up , hoods the chetah cuts the victim 's throat , and receiving some of the blood in a wooden ladle , thrusts it under the leopard 's nose . The antelope is then dragged away , and placed in a receptacle under the hackery , whilst the chetah is rewarded with a leg for his pains . "[ 1 ] A pair of fine Chetahs , or Hunting Leopards , may be seen in the Gardens of the Zoological Society .— ED . M . An Alligator in the Ganges . “ A beautiful specimen of an alligator 's head was here given by Mr. Alexander to Lord Combermere . He was rather a distinguished monster , having carried off at different occasions , six or eight brace of men from an indigo factory in the neighbourhood . A native , who had long laid wait for him , at length succeeded in slaying him with poisoned arrows . One of these notoriously ghaut-frequenting alligators is well nigh as rich a prize to the poor native who is fortunate enough to capture him , as a Spanish galleon is to a British frigate ; for on ripping open his stomach , and over-hauling its freight , it is not unfrequently found to contain ‘ a choice assortment ’ — as the Calcutta advertisers have it — of gold , silver , or brass bangles and anklets , which have not been so expeditiously digested as their fair owners , victims of the monster 's voracity . A little fat Brahminee child , ‘ farci an ris , ’ must be a tempting and tender bonne bouche to these river gourmands . Horrific legends such as the above , together with a great deal of valuable advice on the subject , were quite thrown away upon me ; for ninety degrees of Fahrenheit , and the enticing blueness of the water generally betrayed me into a plunge every evening during my Gangetic voyage . ” Nocturnal Bathing . “ On the occasion of a grand nocturnal bathing ceremony , held at the great tank called the Indra Dam â n , I went with a party of three or four others to witness the spectacle . The walls surrounding the pool and a cluster of picturesque pavilions in its centre were brilliantly lighted up with hundreds of cheraugs , or small oil-lamps , casting a flickering lustre upon the heads and shoulders of about five hundred men , women , and children , who were ducking and praying , à corps perdu , in the water . As I glanced over the figures nearest to me , I discovered floating among the indifferent bathers two dead bodies , which had either been drowned in the confusion , or had purposely come to die on the edge of the sacred tank ; the cool and apathetic survivors taking not the slightest notice of their soulless neighbours . ” King John at the Cape . “ The largest house in Simon 's Town , and , indeed , the greater part of the town itself , belongs to an Englishman of the name of Osbond , who , however , is more generally known by the dignified title of ‘ King John . ’ He was carpenter on board the sixty-gun ship Sceptre , which was wrecked off this coast some yearn ago . Like Juan , he escaped the sea , and like Juan he found a Haidee . Being well-favoured and sharp-witted , he won the heart and the hand of a wealthy Dutch widow , whose dollars he afterwards , in some bold but successful speculations , turned to good account . He is said to have laid out ten thousand pounds on these — to every one but himself — inhospita littora . King John is much respected . ” Population of Cape Town . “ The variety of nations , and the numerous shades of complexion among the people in the streets of Cape Town , are very striking to a stranger . First may be remarked the substantial Dutchman , with his pretty , smiling , round-faced , and particularly well-dressed daughter : then the knot of ‘ Qui hi 's , ’ sent to the Cape , per doctor 's certificate , to husband their threadbare constitutions , and lavish their rupees : next the obsequious , smirking , money-making China-man , with his poking shoulders , and whip-like pig-tail : then the stout , squat Hottentots — who resemble the Dutch in but one characteristic !— and half castes of every intermediate tint between black and white . These are well relieved and contrasted by the tall , warlike figures and splendid costume of his Majesty 's 72nd Highlanders , who , with the 98th regiment , form the garrison of Cape Town . ” Visit to the Residence of Napoleon at St. Helena . “ We soon came in sight of the level plateau of the Longwood estate , the residence of the late emperor , and six miles from Plantation House . Here the country gradually assumes a more desolate and a wilder look ; and the English visitor arrives at the unfortunate and unwelcome conclusion , that the best part of the island was not given to the illustrious captive . One cannot avoid agreeing with Sir W. Scott , that Plantation House should have been accorded to him , in spite of the detering reasons of its vicinity to the sea , and its sequestered situation . Longwood , however , has better roads , more space for riding or driving , and in summer must have been much cooler than the less sheltered parts of the isle . As we turned through the lodges the old house appeared at the end of an avenue of scrubby and weather-worn trees . It bears the exterior of a respectable farm-house , but is now fast running to decay . On entering a dirty courtyard , and quitting our horses , we were shown by some idlers into a square building , which once contained the bed-room , sitting-room , and bath of the Empereur des Fran ç ois . The partitions and floorings are now thrown down , and torn up , and the apartments occupied for six years by the hero before whom kings , emperors , and popes had quailed , are now tenanted by cart-horses ! “ Passing on with a groan , I entered a small chamber , with two windows looking towards the north . Between these windows are the marks of a fixed sofa : on that couch Napoleon died . The apartment is now occupied by a threshing machine ; ‘ No bad emblem of its former tenant ! ’ said a sacrilegious wag . Hence we were conducted onwards to a large room , which formerly contained a billiard-table , and whose front looks out upon a little latticed veranda , where the imperial peripatetic — I cannot style him philosopher — enjoyed the luxury of six paces to and fro ,— his favourite promenade . The white-washed walls are scored with names of every nation ; and the paper of the ceiling has been torn off in strips as holy relics . Many couplets , chiefly French , extolling and lamenting the departed hero , adorn or disfigure ( according to their qualities ) the plaster walls . The only lines that I can recall to mind — few are worth it — are the following , written ever the door , and signed ‘ —— ——, Officier de la Garde Imp é riale . ’ “ ‘ Du grand Napol é on le nom toujours cit é Ira de bouche en bouche à la post é rit é! ’ ” The writer doubtless possessed more spirit as a sabreur than as a poet . “ The emperor 's once well-kept garden , “ ‘ And still where many a garden-flower grows wild , ’ “ is now overgrown and choked with weeds . At the end of a walk still exists a small mound , on which it is said the hero of Lodi , Marengo , and Austerlitz , amused himself by erecting a mock battery . The little chunamed tank , in which he fed some fresh-water fish , is quite dried up ; and the mud wall , through a hole in which he reconnoitered passers-by , is , like the great owner , returned to earth ! ” Captain Mundy 's volumes are illustrated chiefly with sketches of Indian sports from the master-hand of Land-seer ; and for spirit of execution they deserve to rank among the finest productions of this distinguished artist . RECENT FRENCH LITERATURE . A novel picture of Paris has lately appeared with the taking title of the Hundred and One . Its origin , as well as its subject , is interesting . It is a voluntary association of almost all the literary talent of France , for the benefit of an enterprising bookseller , whose affairs have , it seems , fallen into the sere , since the commercial embarrassments following on the Revolution . A hundred and one authors of all ranks and political opinions , philosophers , academicians , journalists , deputies , poets , artists , have combined in this work to pass in review before us the humours , follies and opinions of the French capital , painted in colours gay or grave , sketchy or elaborate , according to the manner or mood of the artist . A very amusing work , suitable to all tastes , is the result , and , by aid of the Foreign Quarterly Review , we are enabled to present the reader with a specimen sketch by Leon Guzlan , an author of some celebrity in this species of writing . [ 1 ] Several specimens have been ably translated in the Athenaeum . VISIT TO THE MORGUE , AT PARIS . ( The Morgue , we should premise , is an establishment in Paris for the reception of all persons found dead in the City or its environs . Thither it is the duty of the police to convey the bodies , where they are exposed in a hall open to the public for a stated time , [ 1 ] when , if not identified , and claimed , they are interred in the neighbouring cemetery .) The bodies are stripped , and placed on sloping slabs of marble ; above each are hung the clothes of the deceased . “ After describing the exterior , the Salle de l'Exposition , which is the only portion of the building , of course , with which the public are acquainted , the writer conducts us into the inner recesses of this house of death , the apartments of the superintendant . “ M. Perrin , is a little old man , who coughs incessantly . When I explained to him the object of my visit , he very politely offered to show me all the details of his administration , regretting much , as he said , that there was not so much variety as could be desired . ‘ But I will show you what I have — be pleased to walk up . ’ “ As we were climbing the narrow stairs , and he was informing me that his establishment was connected both with the prefecture and the police , with the one on account of the local expenses , with the other from its connexion with the public health , we were obliged to stand close against the wall to allow a troop of young girls to pass , well dressed , gay , but shivering with the cold , which blew from the river through the chink which lighted the stair . “ ‘ These are four of my daughters . I have eight children . Fran ç ois , the keeper , has had four , and he has had the good fortune to get them all married . Fran ç ois is a kind father . ’ “ ‘ So , ’ said I , ‘ twelve children then have been born in the Morgue . Dreams of joy , and conjugal endearments , and parental delights , have been experienced in this chamber of death . Marriage with its orange flowers , baptism with its black robed sponsors , the communion , and the embroidered veil , love , religion , virtue , have had their home here as elsewhere . God has sown the seeds of happiness every where . ’ “ ‘ Papa , we are going to a distribution of prizes . My sisters are sure to get a prize . Do n't weary , we will be back in good time . ’ “ ‘ Go , my children , ’ — and all four embraced him . “ I thought of the body of the little Norman in the dreary room beneath , and of the mother who even now , perhaps , was anxiously looking for her from the window . “ ‘ This is the apartment of Fran ç ois ’ . Fran ç ois did the honours with the activity of a man who is not ashamed of his establishment . His room is comfortably furnished ; two modern pendules mounted on bronze , a wardrobe with a Medusa 's head , a high bed , and a handsome rose-coloured curtain . If the room was not overburdened with furniture , if there was not much of luxury , yet , to those not early accustomed to superfluities , it might even seem gay . It represented the tastes , opinions , and habits of its master . Vases of flowers threw a green reflection on the curtains , for Fran ç ois is fond of flowers . Among his gallery of portraits were those of Augereau and Kleber , both in long coats , leaning on immense sabres , with peruques and powder . Napoleon is there three times . “ ‘ Look at these jars , ’ said Fran ç ois , ‘ these are sweetmeats of my wife 's making ; she excels in sweetmeats . ’ I read upon them , ‘ gooseberries of 1831 . ’ We left Fran ç ois 's apartment which forms the right wing of the Morgue , while the clerk 's house is on the left , and entered the cabinet of administration of M. Perrin . “ If Fran ç ois is fond of flowers , M. Perrin has the same penchant for hydraulics and the camera obscura ; he draws , he makes jets from the Seine , by an ingenious piece of machinery of his own invention ; while he was retouching his syphon , I asked permission to turn over the register , where suicides are ranged in two columns . “ The fatal ‘ unknown ’ was the prevailing designation ; ‘ brought here at three in the morning , skull fractured , unknown ; ’ ‘ brought at twelve at night , drowned under the Pont des Arts , cards in his pocket , unknown ; ’ — ‘ young woman , pregnant , crushed by a fiacre at the corner of the Rue Mandar , unknown ; ’ — ‘ new born child found dead of cold , at the gate of an hotel , unknown . ’ “ I said to M. Perrin that he must weary here very much occasionally during the long nights of winter . “ ‘ No , ’ replied he good humouredly , ‘ the children sing , we all work , Fran ç ois and I play at draughts or piquet ; the worst of it is , we are sometimes interrupted ; a knock comes , we must go down , get a stone ready , undress the new comer and register him : that spoils the game ; we forget to mark the points . ’ “ ‘ And this is the way you generally spend your evenings ? ’ — ‘ Always , except when Fran ç ois has to go to Vaugirard at four o'clock : then he must go to bed earlier . Perhaps you do not know that our burying ground is at Vaugirard : as that burying ground is not much in fashion , we have been allowed to retain our privilege of having a fosse to ourselves . ’ “ ‘ I understand ,— it is a fief of the Morgue . ’ “ ‘ You saw that chariot below near the entrance gate , in which the children were hiding themselves at play ,— that is our hearse . ’ “ ‘ And rich or poor , all must make use of your conveyance ? If for instance a suicide is recognised , his relations or friends may reclaim him , take him home , and bestow the rites of sepulture on him at his own house ? ’ “ ‘ No , the Morgue does not give back what has been once deposited here . It allows the funeral ceremonies to be as pompous as they will , but they must all set out from hence ; one end of the procession perhaps is at Notre Dame , while the other is starting from the Morgue . The Archbishop of Paris may be there ; but Fran ç ois 's place is fixed . It is the first . ’ “ ‘ And the priests of Notre Dame , do they never make any difficulty about administering the funeral rites to your dead ? ’ “ ‘ Never ! ’ “ ‘ Not even to the suicides ? ’ “ ‘ There are no suicides for Notre Dame : one is drowned by accident , another killed by the bursting of a gun , a third has fallen from a scaffold . I invent the excuse , and the conscience of the priest accepts it . That 's enough . ’ “ So , thought I ! Notre Dame , which formerly witnessed the execution at the stake of sorcerers , alchymists , and gipsies on the Grande Place , has now no word of reprobation for the carcass of the suicide , once allowed to rot on the ground , or be devoured by birds . She asks not here what was his faith . The priest says mildly , ‘ Peace be with you . ’ “ We walked down , and Fran ç ois opened the first room , that which contains the dresses ; habits of all shapes , all dimensions , hideously jumbled together ; gaiters pinned to a sleeve , a shawl shading the neck of a coat ; dresses of peasants , workmen , carters and brewers ’ frocks , women 's gowns , all faded , discoloured , shapeless , flap against each other in the current of air which entered through the windows . There is something here appalling in the sight and sound of these objects , soulless , body-less , yet moving as if they had life , and presenting the form without the flesh . Your eye rests on a handkerchief , the property of some poor labourer , suddenly seized with the idea of suicide , after some day that he has wanted work . “ Fran ç ois , who followed the direction of my eyes to see what impression the picture produced on me sighed heavily . “ ‘ Does it move you too , ’ said I ? ‘ Are you discontented with your lot .— Unhappy ? ’ “ ‘ Not exactly ! But , Sir , formerly , you must know , the dresses , after being six months exhibited , became a perquisite of ours ; we sold them . Now they talk of taking the dresses from us . ’ “ I reassured Fran ç ois as to the intention of government , and assured him there was no talk of taking away the dresses . “ The second room , that which adjoins the public exhibition room , is appropriated for the dissection of those , the mode of whose death appears to the police to be suspicious . Its only furniture is a marble table , on which the dissections take place , and a shelf on which are placed several bottles of chlorate . This room is immediately above the room of M. Perrin . The dissecting table above just answers to the girls ’ piano below . “ In this room , which I crossed rapidly to avoid as much as possible the sight of a body extended on the plank , I saw the little girl , who had been stifled the night before in the diligence ; she was a lovely child . The other figure was frightfully disfigured ; scarcely even would his mother have recognised him . “ There remained only the public room ; it is narrow , ill aired ; ten or twelve black and sloping stones receive the suicides , who are placed on it almost in a state of nudity ; the places are seldom all occupied , except perhaps during a revolution . Then it is that the Morgue is recruited ; two more days of glory and immortality in July , and the plague had been in Paris . “ ‘ It is true , ’ said M. Perrin , ‘ we worked hard during the three days , and we were allowed the use of two assistants . Corpses every where , within , without , at the gate , on the bank . ’ — “ ‘ And your girls ? ’ “ ‘ During these days they did not leave their apartment , nor looked out to the street , nor to the river ; besides , you are mistaken if you think the spectacle would have terrified them . Brought up here , they will walk at night without a light in front of the glass , which divides the corpses from the public , without trembling ; we become accustomed to any thing . ’ “ Methought I heard the poor children , so familiar with the idea of death , so accustomed to this domestic spectacle of their existence , asking innocently of the strangers whom they visited ,— as one would ask where is your garden , your kitchen , or your cabinet ,— ‘ where do you keep your dead here ? ’ “ These were all the facts I could gather with regard to the establishment . I was opening the glass door to breathe the fresh air again , when the entrance of the crowd drove me back into the interior ; they were following a bier , on which lay a body , from which the water dripped in a long stream . From one of the hands which were closely clenched , the keeper detached a strip of coloured linen , and a fragment of lace . ‘ Ah ! ’ said he , ‘ let me look , ‘ tis she ! ’ “ ‘ Who is it ? ’ “ ‘ The nurse who was here this morning ; the nurse of the little Norman girl . Good ! they may be buried together . ’ And M. Perrin put on his spectacles , opened his register , and wrote in his best current-hand — unknown ! ” POETRY . The Maid of Elvar . By Allan Cunningham . This is one of the most gratifying “ appearances ” in the literature of the day . It reminds us that however the poet 's harp may have remained unstrung , it has not lost its vigour or sweetness — its depth of feeling , or its melody of tone , and these too are ably sustained through nearly 600 stanzas in an exquisitely embellished narrative . The poem is “ a song of other times ; ” the story is one of chivalrous love ; the hero is a young warrior and poet ; the Maid of Elvar offers a garland of gold for the best song in honour of one of his victories ; “ minstrels meet and sing , but the song of Eustace , though on another theme , is reckoned the best ; the Maid hangs the gold chain round his neck , and retires , admiring the young stranger ; ” and thereby hangs the tale . As our limits will not allow us to detach a scene or incident , we must be content , for the present , with culling a few of the choicest flowers of the song . CIVIL WAR . Woe , woe was ours . Chief drew his sword on chief : Religion with her relique and her brand , Made strife between our bosom-bones , and grief And lawless joy abounded in the land ; Our glass of glory sank nigh its last sand ; Rank with its treason , priesthood with its craft , Turned Scotland 's war-lance to a willow-wand . But war arose in Scotland — civil war ; Serf warred with chief , and father warred with son , The church too warred with all : her evil star That rules o'er sinking realms shone like the sun — Her lights waxed dim and died out one by one — Woe o'er the land hung like a funeral pall : The sword the bold could brave , the coward shun , But famine followed fast and fell on all — Pale lips cried oft for food which came not at their call . RURAL PEACE . Much mirth was theirs — war was no wonder then ; Dread fled with danger , and the cottage cocks , The shepherd 's war-pipe , called the sons of men When morning 's wheel threw bright dew from its spokes , To pastures green to lead again their flocks ; The horn of harvest followed with its call ; Fast moved the sickle , and swift rose the shocks , Behind the reapers like a golden wall — Gravely the farmer smiled , by turns approving all . The ripe corn waved in lone Dalgonar glen , That , with its bosom basking in the sun , Lies like a bird ; the hum of working men Joins with the sound of streams that southward run , With fragrant holms atween : then mix in one Beside a church , and round two ancient towers Form a deep fosse . Here sire is heired by son , And war comes never ; ancle deep in flowers In summer walk its dames among the sunny bowers . He rose , find homeward by the slumbering stream Walked with the morn-dew glistening on his shoon . The sun was up , and his outbursting beam Touched tower and tree and pasture hills aboon ; The stars were quenched , and vanished was the moon ; Loud lowed the herds and the glad partridge ’ cry Made corn-fields musical as groves at noon ; Birds left the perch , bee following bee hummed by , And gladness reigned on earth and brightness claimed the sky . MINSTRELSY . I sing of days in which brave deeds of arms And deeds of song went hand in hand : our kings Heroic feelings had and owned the charms Of minstrel lore — they loved the magic strings More than the sceptre ; still their kingdom rings With their gay musings and their harpings high . To noble deeds fair poesie lends wings ; She lifts them up from grovelling earth to sky , And bids them sit in light , and live and never die . FAME . Fame , fame — thou warrior 's wish , thou poet 's thought , Thou bright delusion ; like the rainbow thou Glitterest , yet none may touch thee ; thing of naught , Star-high with heaven 's own brightness on thy brow , Blazoned and glorious I beheld thee grow — Vision , begone ,— for I am none of thine . Of all that fills my heart and fancy now , From dull oblivion not one word or line Wilt thou touch with thy light and render it divine . Even be it so . I sing not for thy smiles — I sing to keep down sighs and ease the smart Of care and sadness , and the daily toils Which crush my soul and trample on my heart . Far mightier spirits of the inspired art Are mute and nameless , mid the muse in grief Calls from the eastern to the western airt , On tale , tradition , ballad , song , and chief On thee , to give their names one passage bright and brief . She calls in vain ; like to a shooting star Their storied rhymes shone brightly in their birth , And shot a dazzling lustre near and far ; Then darkened , died , as all things else on earth . EVENING . The sun Behind the mountain 's summit slowly sank ; Crows came in clouds down from the moorlands dun , And darkened all the pine-trees , rank on rank ; The homeward milch-cows at the fountains drank ; Swains dropt the sickle , hinds unloosed the car — The twin hares sported on the clover-bank , And with the shepherd o'er the upland far , Came out the round pale moon , and star succeeding star . Star followed star , though yet day 's golden light Upon the hills and headlands faintly stream 'd ; To their own pine the twin-doves took their flight ; From crag and cliff the clamorous seamews screamed , In glade and glen the cottage windows gleam 'd ; Larks left the cloud , for flight the grey owl sat ; The founts and lakes up silver radiance steamed ; Winging his twilight journey , hummed the gnat — The drowsy beetle droned , and skimmed the wavering bat . THE MAID 'S FIRST LOVE . The maiden heard a light foot on the floor , And sidelong looked , and there before her stood Young Eustace Graeme : far from the pasture moor He came : the fragrance of the dale and wood Was scenting all his garments green and good . A sudden flush when tie the maiden saw , Burned through his temples , kindled up his blood — His stifling breath waxed nigh too tight to draw , He bowed , and silent stood in wonderment and awe . The father smiled , the mother smiled . Now why Are her eyes downcast and his white brow glowing ? Say , have they vowed while heaven was witness by With all her radiant lights like fountains flowing , To love while water runs and woods are growing , And stars glowed conscious of the compact pure ? They never woo 'd , nor , love for love bestowing . Met with the moonshine in the green-wood bow'r , Nor looked and sighed , and looked and drank love by the hour . Yet they have met . Though not fools of the flock , On whom love like the tiger gives one bound . And then the heart is rent — a thunderstroke That makes men dust before they hear the sound — A shaft that leaves dark venom in the wound — A frost that all the buds of manhood nips — A sea of passion in which true love 's drowned — A demon strangling virtue in his grips — A day when reason 's son is quenched in dread eclipse . True gentle love is like the summer dew , Which falls around when all is still and hush — And falls unseen until its bright drops strew With odours , herb and flower , and bank , and bush O love , when womanhood is in the flush , And man 's a young and an unspotted thing ! His first breathed word and her half conscious blush , Are fair us light in heaven , or flowers in spring — The first hour of true love is worth our worshipping . LOVE OF COUNTRY . “ I would not leave old Scotland 's mountain gray , Her hills , her cots , her halls , her groves of pine , Dark though they be : yon glen , yon broomy brae , Yon wild fox cleugh , yon eagle cliffs outline An hour like this — this white right-hand of thine , And of thy dark eyes such a gracious glance , As I got now , for all beyond the line , And all the glory gained by sword or lance , In gallant England , Spain , or olive vales of France . ” Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand . ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris , and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .