THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . No . 379 .] SATURDAY , JULY 4 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . MILAN CATHEDRAL MILAN CATHEDRAL . “ Show the motley-minded gentleman in ; ” — the old friend with a new face , or , in plain words , THE MIRROR in a new type . Tasteful reader , examine the symmetry , the sharp cut and finish of this our new fount of type , and tell us whether it accords not with the beauty , pungency , and polish of the notings and selections of this our first sheet . For some days this type has been glittering in the printing-office boxes , like nestling fire-flies , and these pages at first resembled so many pools or tanks of molten metal , or the windows of a fine old mansion — Hatfield House for instance ,— lit up by the refulgent rays of a rising sun . The sight “ inspires us , and fires us ; ” and we count upon new letter bringing us new friends , and thus commence our Fourteenth Volume with new hopes and invigorating prospects . But what subject can be more appropriate for such a commencement , than so splendid a triumph of art as MILAN CATHEDRAL ; situate almost in the centre , and occupying part of the great square of the city . It is of Gothic architecture , and its materials are white marble . In magnitude this edifice yields to few in the universe . Inferior only to the Vatican , it equals in length , and in breadth surpasses , the cathedral of Florence and St. Paul 's ; in the interior elevation it yields to both ; in exterior it exceeds both ; in fretwork , carving , and statues , it goes beyond all churches in the world , St. Peter 's itself not excepted . Its double aisles , its clustered pillars , its lofty arches ; the lustre of its walls ; its numberless niches all filled with marble figures , give it an appearance novel even in Italy , and singularly majestic . The admirer of English Gothic will observe one peculiarity , which is , that in the cathedral of Milan there is no screen , and that the chancel is entirely open , and separated from the nave only by its elevation . The pillars of the cathedral of Milan are more than ninety feet in height , and about eight in diameter . The dimensions of the church at large are as follow :— In length four hundred and ninety feet , in breadth two hundred and ninety-eight , in interior elevation under the dome two hundred and fifty-eight , and four hundred in exterior , that is to the summit of the tower . The pavement is formed of marble of different colours , disposed in various patterns and figures . The number of niches is great , and every niche has its statue , which , with those placed on the ballustrade of the roof , are reported to amount to more than four thousand . Many among them are said to be of great merit . Over the dome rises a tower or spire , or rather obelisk , for its singular shape renders it difficult to ascertain its appellation , which , whatever may be its intrinsic merit , adds little either to the beauty or to the magnificence of the structure which it surmounts . This obelisk was erected about the middle of the last century , contrary to the opinion of the best architects . Though misplaced , its form is not in itself inelegant , while its architecture and mechanism are extremely ingenious , and deserve minute examination . In ascending the traveller will observe , that the roof of the church is covered with blocks of marble , connected together by a cement , that has not only its hardness and durability , but its colour , so that the eye scarcely perceives the juncture , and the whole roof appears one immense piece of white shining marble . The view from the summit is extensive and even novel , as it includes not only the city and the rich plain of Milan , intersected with rivers and canals , covered with gardens , orchards , vineyards , and groves , and thickly studded with villages and towns ; but it extends to the grand frame of this picture , and takes in the neighbouring Alps , forming a magnificent semicircle and uniting their bleak ridges with the milder and more distant Apennines . The traveller , says Eustace , will regret as he descends , that instead of heaping this useless and cumbersome quarry upon the dome , the trustees of the edifice did not employ the money expended upon it in erecting a front , ( for that essential part is still wanting ,) corresponding with the style and stateliness of this superb temple . A front has indeed been begun , but in a taste so dissimilar to that of the main building , and made up of such a medley of Roman orders and Gothic decorations , that the total suspension of such a work might be considered as an advantage , if a more appropriate portal were to be erected in its place . But unfortunately the funds destined for the completion and repair of this cathedral are now swallowed up in the general confiscation . Had it been finished , and the western front built in a style corresponding with the other parts , the admirers of the Gothic style would have possessed one specimen perfect in its kind , and accompanied with all the advantages of the best materials , set off by a fine climate . In materials , the cathedral of Milan surpasses all the churches of the universe , the noblest of which are only lined and coated with marble , while this is entirely built , paved , vaulted , and roofed with the same substance , and that of the whitest and most resplendent kind . The most remarkable object in the interior of this church is the subterranean chapel , in which the body of St. Charles Borromeo reposes . It is immediately under the dome , in form octangular , and lined with silver , divided into panels representing the different actions of the life of the saint . The body is in a shrine of rock crystal , on , or rather behind the altar ; it is stretched at full length , drest in pontifical robes , with the crosier and mitre . The face is exposed , very improperly , because much disfigured by decay , a deformity increased and rendered more hideous by its contrast with the splendour of the vestments which cover the body , and by the pale ghastly light that gleams from the aperture above . The inscription over this chapel or mausoleum , was dictated by St. Charles himself , and breathes that modesty and piety which so peculiarly marked his character . It is as follows : CAROLUS CARDINALIS TITULI S. PRAXEDIS ARCHIEP . MEDIOLAN . FREQUENTIORIBUS CLERI POPULIQ . AC DEVOTI FAEMINEI SEXUS PRECIBUS SE COMMENDATUM CUPIENS HOC LOCO SIBI MONUMENTUM VIVENS ELEGIT . Of the statues crowded in and around this edifice many are esteemed , and some admired . Of the latter , that of St. Bartholomew is the first ; it stands in the church , and represents the apostle as holding his own skin , which had been drawn off like drapery over his shoulders . The play of the muscles is represented with an accuracy , that rather disgusts and terrifies than pleases the spectator . [ 1 ] The exterior of the chancel is lined with marble divided into panels , each of which has its basso relievo ; the interior is wainscoted , and carved in a very masterly style . The whole of the chancel was erected by St. Charles Borromeo . [ 1 ] The following lines are inscribed on its pedestal , in Latin , and in English :— Lest at the sculptor doubtfully you guess , ‘ Tis Marc Agrati , not Praxiteles . This statue is reckoned worth its weight in gold . In describing this magnificent cathedral , we have availed ourselves of abridging the description in Eustace 's “ Classical Tour , ” a work of high authority and sterling value on all subjects connected with the Fine Arts . RUSTIC AMUSEMENTS . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) Three years ago you gave a pleasing illustration of “ the Amusements of May , ” and at the same time lamented the decrease of village festivity and rural merriment , which in days langsyne cheered the honest hearts and lightened the daily toil of our rustic ancestors . From the sentiments you express on that occasion , I am led to fancy that it will afford you pleasure to hear that the song , the dance , and innocent revelry are not quite forgotten in some part of our land , and that the sweet and smiling spring is not suffered to make his lovely appearance without one welcome shout from the sons and daughters of our happy island ; and , therefore , I will recount to you ( and by your permission to the readers of the MIRROR ) a village f ê te which I lately witnessed and enjoyed . On the 9th inst . ( Whit-Tuesday ) , after a few miles ’ walk , I arrived in the village of Shillingston ( Dorsetshire ) , whose inhabitants annually dedicate this day to those pastimes which ( as one of your correspondents has observed ) seem a sort of first offering to gentle skies , and are consecrated by the smiles of the tender year . Attracted by musical sounds , and following my ears instead of my nose , I soon found my way to the vicarage-house , where the company were just arriving in procession , preceded by a pink and white silken banner , while a pipe and tabor regulated their march . Next after the music were four men each bearing a large garland of flowers , and after them followed the merry lads and smiling lasses in good order and arrayed in their holiday kirtles . The vicar 's house stands on a fine lawn commanding a most enchanting view . On this verdant carpet , after a promenade and general salute to their worthy pastor and his numerous guests , dancing took place ; for the time all distinctions were laid aside , and the greatest gentry in the neighbourhood , taking the hand of their more humble neighbours , led them through the mazy dance with a feeling of kindness , friendship , and good humour such as I have seldom witnessed . Two or three hours of as beautiful an evening as ever zephyr kissed were thus spent , after which , drawing up before the house “ the King ” was given , with three times three ; next came “ God save the King , ” and then “ Hurrah for the Bonnets o ’ Blue ” led the party off in the order they came to witness the ceremony of “ dressing ” the May-Pole . About five hundred yards brought us to the elevated object on which was placed , with all due solemnity , the before-mentioned garlands , and the pole being considered fully dressed , we all adjourned to a large barn , where dancing was kept up with great spirit , until night drew her sable curtain over the scene , and the company retired with light hearts and weary feet to their peaceful homes . Such , sir , is the Dorsetshire way of hailing the return of gentle skies and genial seasons ; a custom of the olden time , which is productive of good feeling among all classes , and is at present conducted with good order and respectability . Sturminster . RURIS . Old Poets . CUPID 'S ARROWS . At Venus ’ entreaty for Cupid , her son , These arrows by Vulcan were cunningly done : The first is Love , as here you may behold His feathers , head , and body , are of gold . The second shaft is Hate , a foe to Love , And bitter are his torments for to prove . The third is Hope , from whence our comfort springs , His feathers are pull 'd from Fortune 's wings . Fourth , Jealousy in basest minds doth dwell , This metal Vulcan 's Cyclops sent from Hell . G. PEELE . MIND . It is the mind that maketh good or ill , That makes a wretch , or happy , rich or poor , For some that have abundance at their will , Have not enough but want in greatest store , Another that hath little asks no more , But , in that little is both rich and wise . SPENSER . THE WORLD . The first and riper world of men and skill , Yields to our later time for three inventions , Miraculously we write , we sail , we kill , As neither ancient scroll nor story mentions . Print . The first hath opened learning , old concealed And obscure arts restored to the light . Loadstone . The second hidden countries hath revealed , And sends Christ 's Gospel to each living wight . These we commend , but oh ! what needeth more . Guns . To teach Death more skill than he had before . J. BASTARD . KINGS . Kings are the Gods ’ vicegerents on the earth The Gods have power , Kings from that power have might , Kings should excell in virtue and in birth ; Gods punish wrongs , and Kings should maintain right , They be the suns from which we borrow light . And they as Kings , should still in justice strive With Gods , from whom their beings they derive . DRAYTON . COMPANY . Remain upright yet some will quarrel pike , And common bruit will deem them all alike . For look , how your companions you elect For good or ill , so shall you be suspect . T. HUDSON . POESIE . All art is learned by art , this art alone It is a heavenly gift , no flesh nor bone Can praise the honey we from Pind distil , Except with holy fire his breast we fill . From that spring flows , that men of special chose Consum 'd in learning and perfect in prose ; For to make verse in vain does travel take , When as a prentice fairer words will make . KING OF SCOTS . TWELVE FOUL FAULTS . A wise man living like a drone , an old man not devout , Youth disobedient , rich men that are charity without , A shameless woman , vicious lords , a poor man proudly stout , Contentious Christians , pastors that their functions do neglect , A wicked king , no discipline , no laws men to direct , Are twelve the foulest faults that most commonwealths infect . W. WARNER . RIVERS . Fair Danubie is praised for being wide . Nilus commended for the seven-fold head ; Euphrates for the swiftness of the tide , And for the garden whence his course is led , And banks of Rhine with vines o'erspread . Take Loire and Po , yet all may not compare With English Thames for buildings rare . STORER . The Naturalist . QUADRUPEDS AND BIRDS FEEDING ON SHELL-FISH . It is nothing surprising that the different species of walrus , inhabitants of the ocean , should feed partly on shell-fish , but perhaps you would not expect to find among their enemies animals strictly terrestrial . Yet the oran otang and the preacher monkey often descend to the sea to devour what shell-fish they may find strewed upon the shores . The former , according to Carreri Gemelli , feed in particular upon a large species of oyster , and fearful of inserting their paws between the open valves , lest the oyster should close and crush them , they first place a tolerably large stone within the shell , and then drag out their victim with safety . The latter are no less ingenious . Dampier saw several of them take up oysters from the beach , lay them on a stone , and beat them with another till they demolished the shells . Wafer observed the monkeys in the island of Gorgonia to proceed in a similar manner ; and those of the Cape of Good Hope , if we are to credit La Loubere , perpetually amuse themselves by transporting shells from the shore to the tops of mountains , with the intention undoubtedly of devouring them at leisure . Even the fox , when pressed by hunger , will deign to eat muscles and other bivalves ; and the racoon , whose fur is esteemed by hatters next in value to that of the beaver , when near the shore lives much on them , more particularly on oysters . We are told that it will watch the opening of the shells , dexterously put in its paw , and tear out the contents . Not , however , without danger , for sometimes , we are assured , by a sudden closure , the oyster will catch the thief , and detain him until he is drowned by the return of the tide . The story , I regret to say , appears somewhat apocryphal . These are amusing facts ; the following , to the epicure at least , may be equally interesting . In some parts of England it is a prevalent and probably a correct opinion , that the shelled-snails contribute much to the fattening of their sheep . On the hill above Whitsand Bay in Cornwall , and in the south of Devonshire , the B ù limus ac ù tus and the H è lix virg à ta , which are found there in vast profusion , are considered to have this good effect ; and it is indeed impossible that the sheep can browse on the short grass of the places just mentioned , without devouring a prodigious quantity of them , especially in the night , or after rain , when the B ù limi and H è lices ascend the stunted blades . “ The sweetest mutton , ” says Borlase , “ is reckoned to be that of the smallest sheep , which feed on the commons where the sands are scarce covered with the green sod , and the grass exceedingly short ; such are the towens or sand hillocks in Piran Sand , Gwythien , Philac , and Senangreen , near the Land 's End , and elsewhere in like situations . From these sands come forth snails of the turbinated kind , but of different species , and all sizes from the adult to the smallest just from the egg ; these spread themselves over the plains early in the morning , and , whilst they are in quest of their own food among the dews , yield a most fattening nourishment to the sheep . ” ( Hist . of Cornwall .) Among birds the shell-fish have many enemies . Several of the duck and gull tribes , as you might anticipate , derive at least a portion of their subsistence from them . The pied oyster-catcher receives its name from the circumstance of feeding on oysters and limpets , and its bill is so well adapted to the purpose of forcing asunder the valves of the one , and of raising the other from the rock , that “ the Author of Nature , ” as Derham says , “ seems to have framed it purely for that use . ” Several kinds of crows likewise prey upon shell-fish , and the manner in which they force the strong hold of their victims is very remarkable . A friend of Dr. Darwin 's saw above a hundred crows on the northern coast of Ireland , at once , preying upon muscles . Each crow took a muscle up in the air twenty or forty yards high , and let it fall on the stones , and thus broke the shell . Many authorities might be adduced in corroboration of this statement . In Southern Africa so many of the Test à cea are consumed by these and other birds , as to have given rise to an opinion that the marine shells found buried in the distant plains , or in the sides of the mountains , have been carried there by their agency , and not , as generally supposed , by eruptions of the sea . Mr. Barrow , who is of this opinion , tells us , in confirmation of it , that “ there is scarcely a sheltered cavern in the sides of the mountains that arise immediately from the sea , where living shell-fish may not be found any day of the year . Crows even , and vultures , as well as aquatic birds , detach the shell-fish from the rocks , and mount with them into the air : shells thus carried are said to be frequently found on the very summit even of the Table Mountain . In one cavern at the point of Mussel Bay , ” he adds , “ I disturbed some thousands of birds , and found as many thousands of living shell-fish scattered on the surface of a heap of shells , that for aught I know , would have filled as many thousand wagons . ” The story , therefore , of the ancient philosopher whose bald pate one of these unlucky birds mistook for a stone , and dropped a shell upon it , thereby killing at once both , is not so tramontane as to stumble all belief . Land shells furnish a few birds with part of their sustenance , and the principal of these are two well known songsters , the blackbird and the thrush . They , —— “ whose notes Nice finger 'd Art must emulate in vain . ” depend in great measure , when winter has destroyed their summer food , on the more common species of H è lices ( snails .) These they break very dexterously by reiterated strokes against some stone ; and it is not uncommon to find a great quantity of fragments of shells together , as if brought to one particulur stone for this very purpose .— Loudon 's Magazine . Notes of a Reader SUSSEX COTTAGES . We have been delighted with the following admirable sketch of English comfort from the pen of Mr. Cobbett : “ I never had , that I recollect , a more pleasant journey or ride , than this into Sussex . The weather was pleasant , the elder-trees in full bloom , and they make a fine show ; the woods just in their greatest beauty ; the grass-fields generally uncut ; and the little gardens of the labourers full of flowers ; the roses and honeysuckles perfuming the air at every cottage-door . Throughout all England these cottages and gardens are the most interesting objects that the country presents , and they are particularly so in Kent and Sussex . This part of these counties have the great blessing of numerous woods : these furnish fuel , nice sweet fuel , for the heating of ovens and for all other purposes : they afford materials for the making of pretty pigsties , hurdles , and dead fences of various sorts ; they afford materials for making little cow-sheds ; for the sticking of peas and beans in the gardens ; and for giving to every thing a neat and substantial appearance . These gardens , and the look of the cottages , the little flower-gardens , which you every where see , and the beautiful hedges of thorn and of privet ; these are the objects to delight the eyes , to gladden the heart , and to fill it with gratitude to God , and with love for the people ; and , as far as my observation has gone , they are objects to be seen in no other country in the world . The cattle in Sussex are of a pale red colour , and very fine . I used to think that the Devonshire were the handsomest cows and oxen , but I have changed my mind ; those of Sussex , of which I never took so much notice before , are handsomer as well as larger ; and the oxen are almost universally used as working cattle . “ Throughout this county I did not observe , in my late ride , one single instance of want of neatness about a poor man 's house . It is the same with regard to the middle ranks : all is neat and beautiful , and particularly the hedges , of which I saw the handsomest white thorn hedge at Seddlescomb , that ever I saw in my life . It formed the inclosure of a garden in front of a pretty good house . It was about five feet high , about fifteen inches through ; it came close to the ground , and it was sloped a little towards the top on each side , leaving a flat about four inches wide on the top of all . It had just been clipped ; and it was as perpendicular and as smooth as a wall : I put my eye and looked along the sides of the several lines near the top , and if it had been built of stone , it could not have been truer . I lament that I did not ask the name of the owner , for it does him infinite credit . Those who see nothing but the nasty slovenly places in which labourers live , round London , know nothing of England . The fruit-trees are all kept in the nicest order ; every bit of paling or wall is made use of , for the training of some sort or other . At Lamberhurst , which is one of the most beautiful villages that man ever sat his eyes on , I saw what I never saw before ; namely , a gooseberry tree trained against a house . The house was one of those ancient buildings , consisting of a frame of oak wood , the internal filled up with brick , plastered over . The tree had been planted at the foot of one of the perpendicular pieces of wood ; from the stem which , mounted up this piece of wood , were taken side limbs to run along the horizontal pieces . There were two windows , round the frame of each of which the limbs had been trained . The height of the highest shoot was about ten feet from the ground , and the horizontal shoots on each side were from eight to ten feet in length . The tree had been judiciously pruned , and all the limbs were full of very large gooseberries , considering the age of the fruit . This is only one instance out of thousands that I saw of extraordinary pains taken with the gardens . ” A WINTER 'S NIGHT . How beautiful this night ! The balmiest sigh Which vernal Zephyrs breathe in evening 's ear , Were discord to the speaking quietude That wraps this moveless scene . Heaven 's ebon vault , Studded with stars unutterably bright , Through which the moon 's unclouded grandeur rolls , Seems like a canopy which Love had spread To curtain her sleeping world . Yon gentle hills , Robed in a garment of untrodden snow ; Yon darksome walls , whence icicles depend So stainless , that their white and glittering spears Tinge not the moon 's pure beam ; yon castled steep , Whose banner hangeth o'er the time-worn tower So idly , that wrapt Fancy deemeth it A metaphor of Peace — all form a scene Where musing Solitude might love to lift Her soul above this sphere of earthliness ; Where silence undisturbed might watch alone So cold , so bright , so still . P. B . SHELLEY . HACKNEY COACHES . Nothing in nature or art can be so abominable as those vehicles at this hour . We are quite satisfied that , except an Englishman , who will endure any thing , no native of any climate under the sky would endure a London hackney coach ; that an Ashantee gentleman would scoff at it ; and that an aboriginal of New South Wales would refuse to be inhumed within its shattered and infinite squalidness . It is true , that the vehicle has its merits , if variety of uses can establish them . The hackney coach conveys alike the living and the dead . It carries the dying man to the hospital , and when doctors and tax-gatherers can tantalize no more , it carries him to Surgeons ’ Hall , and qualifies him to assist the “ march of mind ” by the section of body . If the midnight thief find his plunder too ponderous for his hands , the hackney coach offers its services , and is one of the most expert conveyances . Its other employments are many , and equally meritorious , and doubtless society would find a vacuum in its loss . Yet we cordially wish that the Maberley brain were set at work upon this subject , and some substitute contrived . The French have led the way , and that too by the most obvious and simple arrangement possible . The “ Omnibus , ” — for they still have Latin enough in France for the name of this travelling collection of all sorts of human beings — the Omnibus is a long coach , carrying fifteen or eighteen people , all inside . For two-pence halfpenny it carries the individual the length of the Boulevard , or the whole diameter of Paris . Of those carriages there were about half-a-dozen some months ago , and they have been augmented since ; their profits were said to have repaid the outlay within the first year : the proprietors , among whom is Lafitte , the banker , are making a large revenue out of Parisian sous , and speculation is still alive .— Monthly Mag . FRANKLIN 'S GRAVE . Captain Basil Hall , in his Travels in North America , just published , says , “ On the 12th of December , we made a pilgrimage to the tomb of Franklin — dear old Franklin ! It consists of a large marble slab , laid flat on the ground , with nothing carved upon it but these words :— BENJAMIN AND DEBORAH FRANKLIN . 1790 . Franklin , it will be recollected , wrote a humorous epitaph for himself ; but his good taste and good sense showed him how unsuitable to his living character it would have been to jest in such a place . After all , his literary works , scientific fame , and his undoubted patriotism , form his best epitaph . Still , it may be thought , he might have been distinguished in his own land by a more honourable resting-place than the obscure corner of an obscure burying-ground , where his bones lie indiscriminately along with those of ordinary mortals ; and his tomb , already wellnigh hid in the rubbish , may soon be altogether lost . One little circumstance , however , about this spot is very striking . No regular path has been made to the grave , which lies considerably out of the road ; but the frequent tread of visiters having pressed down the rank grass which grows in such places , the way to the tombstone is readily found without any guide . ” AN INDIAN SULTANA IN PARIS . It is known to very few even in France that an Indian Sultana , a descendant of Tamerlane , named Aline of Eldir , has been living in Paris , poor and forgotten , for above forty years . This heiress to a great kingdom was stolen almost out of her cradle , and deserted by the robbers on the coast of France . She was presented to the princesses of the old court , and conceived a particular attachment for the Princess de Lamballe ; but when , at the age of only nine or ten years , her beauty had attracted too much notice , and nothing but a lettre de cachet could secure her from the persecutions of an exalted personage , she exchanged a convent for a prison . The revolution set Aline at liberty . At the time of the Egyptian campaign , the man who was destined to rule France , and almost all Europe , and who had probably thus early turned his attention to India , is said to have thought of the heiress of Tamerlane , and to have formed the plan of restoring the illustrious stranger to her native land . Josephine interested herself on this occasion for the Sultana ; but this had no influence upon her condition . Unhappy , surrounded only by a few pious nuns , and urged by her confessor , she renounced the religion of Mahomet , and became a Christian . At length , in December , 1818 , an Indian Sheik , named Goolam , arrived in Paris , with instructions to claim the Princess Aline from the Court of France . The Envoy sought out the Sultana : he informed her , that her relations were desirous of her return ; that she should be reinstated in the rank which was her right , and again behold the bright sun and the beautiful face of her own Asia , upon the sole condition that she would forsake Christ for Mahomet . No persuasions , however , could prevail upon the convert to comply with this requisition ; Goolam went back to India without accomplishing the object of his mission , which produced no improvement in her straitened circumstances . Two years afterwards , she learned that an Indian Prince had landed in England with a splendid retinue , including three females , but that he had been obliged by the English government to embark again immediately for India . Aline had no doubt that this event had some connexion with her history , but she heard no more of the matter . These particulars are chiefly extracted from the preface to the books of the Princess , written by the Marquess de Fortia . This nobleman generously took upon himself the charge of supporting Aline , who has now attained the age of sixty years in a foreign land .— Court Journal . MAKING PUNCH . ( From the Noctes — Blackwood .) Shepherd .— I hae mony a time thocht it took as muckle natural genius to mak a jug of punch as an epic poem , sic as Paradise Lost , or even Queen Hynde hersell . Odoherty .— More , my friend , more . I think an ingenious comparison between these works of intellect could be easily made by a man of a metaphysical turn of mind . North .— A more interesting consideration would be , the effect produced upon the national character , by the mere circumstance of the modes of preparing the different beverages of different countries . Much of the acknowledged inferiority of the inhabitants of wine countries , arises from the circumstance of having their liquor prepared to their hand . There is no stretch of imagination in pouring wine ready made from carafe , or barochio , or flask , into a glass — the operation is merely mechanical ; whereas , among us punch drinkers , the necessity of a nightly manufacture of a most intricate kind , calls forth habits of industry and forethought — induces a taste for chemical experiment — improves us in hygrometry , and many other sciences — to say nothing of the geographical reflections drawn forth by the pressure of the lemon , or the colonial questions , which press upon every meditative mind on the appearance of white sugar . LION-EATING AND HANGING . North .— When I was at Timbuctoo — Shepherd ( aside .) — A lang yarn is beginning the noo — Moses Edrehi .— Sind sie geweson , sare , dans I'Afrique ? North .— Many years — I was Sultan of Bello for a long period , until dethroned by an act of the grossest injustice ; but I intend to expose the traitorous conspirators to the indignation of an outraged world . Tickler ( aside to Shepherd .) — He 's raving . Shepherd ( to Tickler .) — Dementit . Odoherty ( to both .) — Mad as a hatter . Hand me a segar . Moses Edrehi .— Yo suis of Madoc . North ( aside .) — Zounds ! ( to Edrehi ) I never chanced to pass that way — the emperor and I were not on good terms . Moses Edrehi .— Then , sare , you was good luck to no pass , for the emperor was a man ver disagree á ble ven no gut humours . Gott keep ush ! He hat lions in cage — and him gab peoples zu de lions — dey roarsh — oh , mucho , mucho !— and eats de poor peoples — Gott keep ush ! a ver disagree á ble man dat emperor . Shepherd .— Nae doot — it canna be a pleasant thing to be gobbled by a lion . Oh , sirs , imagine yoursell daundering out to Canaan , to take your kail wi ’ our frien ’ James , and as ye 're passing the Links , out jumps a lion , and at you ! Odoherty .— The Links — oh ! James , you are no Polyglott . Tickler .— I do n't wish to insinuate that I should like to be eaten , either by lion or shepherd , but I confess that I consider that the new drop would be a worse fate than either . North .— Quite mistaken — the drop 's a trifle . Moses Edrehi .— Ja wh ö l , Milord . Shepherd .— As to being hangit , why , that 's a matter that happens to mony a deacent man , and it 's but a spurl or tway , and a gaspin gurble , an ’ ae stour heave , and a 's ower ; ye 're dead ere a body 's weel certified that the board 's awa ’ from behind you — and the night-cap 's a great blessing , baith to you and the company . The gilliteen again , I 'm tauld its just perfectly ridiculous how soon that does it 's turn . Up ye come , and tway chiels ram your head into a shottle in a door like , and your hands are clasped ahint ye , and swee gangs the door , and you upset headforemost , and in below the axe , and hangie just taps you on the neck to see that it 's in the richt nick , and whirr , whirr , whirr , touch the spring , and down comes the thundering edge , loaded with at least a hunder weight o ’ lead — your head 's aff like a sybo — Tuts , that 's naething — onybody might mak up their mind to be justified on the gilliteen . Odoherty .— The old Dutch way — the broadsword — is , after all , the best ; by much the easiest and the genteelest . You are seated in a most comfortable arm-chair with a silk handkerchief over your eyes — they read a prayer if you are so inclined — you call for a glass of wine , or a cup of coffee — an iced cream — a dram — any thing you please , in fact , and your desires are instantly complied with — you put the cup to the lip , and just at that moment swap comes the whistling sabre . Shepherd .— Preserve us ! keep your hand to yoursell , Captain . Odoherty .— Sweep he comes — the basket is ready , they put a clean towel over it — pack off the cold meat to the hospital — scrub the scaffold — take it to pieces — all within five minutes . Shepherd .— That 's capital . In fact a ’ these are civilized exits — but oh ! man , man , to think of a lion on the Burntsfield Links — what would your gowfers say to that , Mr. Tickler ? Tickler .— A rum customer certainly . Shepherd .— Oh ! the een , the red , fiery , fixit , unwinkin ’ een , I think I see them — and the laigh , deep , dour growl , like the purring o ’ ten hundred cats — and the muckle white sharp teeth girnin ’ and grundin ’ — and the lang rough tongue , and the yirnest slaver running outour the chaps o ’ the brute — and the cauld shiver — - minutes may be — and than the loup like lightning , and your back-bane broken wi ’ a thud , like a rotten rash — and then the creature begins to lick your face wi ’ his tongue , and sniffle and snort over owre you , and now a snap at your nose , and than a rive out o ’ your breast , and then a crunch at your knee — and you 're a ’ the time quite sensible , particularly sensible . Odoherty .— Give him a dig in the muzzle , and he 'll tip you the coup-de-grace . North .— What a vivid imagination the Shepherd has — well , cowardice is an inspiring principle . HEAD WAGER . The following is a story from a MS ., copied by Gaillard , in his Life of Francis I .:— Duprat said in one of the conversations with the emperor 's minister , that he would consent to lose his head if his sovereign had aided Robert de la Mark against Charles . The Spanish chancellor claimed du Prat 's head as forfeited , for , he said he had in his possession letters which proved Francis 's connivance with Robert de la Mark . “ My head is my own yet , ” replied Du Prat , “ for I have the originals of the letters you allude to , and they in no manner justify the scorn you would put upon them . ” “ If I had won your head , ” replied the imperial chancellor , “ you might keep it still . I protest I would rather have a pig 's head , for that would be more eatable . ” Monthly Mag . The Novelist . FAIR FANARIOTE . In consequence of the numerous revolutions that have accompanied the fall of the Greek empire in Byzantium , most of the inhabitants of Fanari , near Constantinople , boast of being descendants of the dethroned imperial families ; a circumstance which is probable enough , and which nobody takes the trouble to dispute , any more than the alleged nobility of the Castilian peasantry , or the absurd genealogies of certain great families . In a retired street in Pera , ( one of the suburbs of Constantinople ,) a descendant of the Cantacuzenes followed the humble calling of a butcher ; but , in spite of industry and activity , he had great difficulty in earning a sufficiency to pay his way , and maintain his wife and his only daughter , Sophia . The latter had just entered her fourteenth year , and her growing beauty was the admiration of the whole neighbourhood . Fate , or , if you please so to call it , Providence , ordained that the poor butcher should suffer repeated losses , which reduced him to a condition bordering on beggary . His wife unfolded her distressed circumstances to a Greek , one of her relations , who was Dragoman to the French embassy , and who , in his turn , related the story to the Marquess de Vauban , the ambassador . This nobleman became interested for the unfortunate family , and especially for Sophia , whom the officious Dragoman described as being likely to fall into the snares that were laid for her , and to become an inmate of the haram of some Pasha , or even of a Turk of inferior rank . Prompted by pity , curiosity , or perhaps by some other motive , the ambassador paid a visit to the distressed family . He saw Sophia , was charmed by her beauty and intelligence , and he proposed that her parents should place her under his care , and allow him to convey her to France . The misery to which the poor people were reduced , may perhaps palliate the shame of acceding to this extraordinary proposition ; but , be this as it may , they consented to surrender up their daughter for the sum of 1 , 500 piastres , and Sophia was that same day conducted to the ambassador 's palace . She found in the Marquess de Vauban a kind and liberal benefactor . He engaged masters to instruct her in every branch of education ; and elegant accomplishments , added to her natural charms , rendered her an object of irresistible attraction . In the course of a few months the ambassador was called home , and he set out , accompanied by his Oriental treasure , to travel to France by land . To diminish as far as possible the fatigue of the long journey , they proceeded by short stages , and having passed through European Turkey , they arrived at Kaminieck in Podolia , which is the first fortress belonging to Russia . Here the Marquess determined to rest for a short time , before undertaking the remainder of his tedious journey . Count de Witt , a descendant of the Grand Pensionary of Holland , who was governor of the place , received his noble visiter with every mark of attention . The Count , however , no sooner beheld Sophia , than he became deeply enamoured of her ; and on learning the equivocal situation in which she stood , being neither a slave nor a mistress , but , as it were , a piece of merchandize purchased for 1 , 500 piastres , he wound up his declaration of love by an offer of marriage . The Count was a handsome man , scarcely thirty years of age , a lieutenant-general in the Russian service , and enjoying the high favour of his sovereign Catherine II . The fair Greek , as may well be imagined , did not reject this favour of fortune , but accepted the offer of her suitor without hesitation . It was easy to foresee that the Marquis de Vauban would not be very willing to part with a prize which he regarded as lawfully acquired , and to which he attached no small value . The Count therefore found it advisable to resort to stratagem . Accordingly , his Excellency having one day taken a ride beyond the ramparts , the draw-bridges were raised , and the lovers repaired to church , where their hands were joined by a papa . When the Marquess appeared at the gates of the fortress and demanded admittance , a messenger was sent out to inform him of what had happened ; and , to complete the denouement of the comedy , the marriage contract was exhibited to him in due form . To save Sophia from the reproaches which her precipitancy , it may perhaps be said her ingratitude , would have fully justified , the Count directed the ambassador 's suite to pack up their baggage , and join his Excellency extra muros . The poor Marquess soon discovered that it was quite useless to stay where he was , for the purpose of venting threats and complaints ; and he had no hope that the Court of France would think it worth while to go to war , for the sake of avenging his affront . He therefore prudently took a hint from one of the French poets , who says :— Le bruit est pour le fat , la plainte pour le sot , L'honn ê te homme tromp é, s 'é loigne , et ne dit mot ; ” and he set off , doubtless with the secret determination never again to traffic in merchandize which possesses no value when it can be either bought or sold . About two years after his marriage , the Count de Witt obtained leave of absence , and , accompanied by his wife , he visited the different courts of Europe . Sophia 's beauty , which derived piquancy from a certain Oriental languishment of manner , was every where the theme of admiration . The Prince de Ligne , who saw her at the Court of France , mentions her in his Memoirs , in terms of eulogy , which I cannot think exaggerated ; for when I knew her at Tulczin , though she was then upwards of forty , her charms retained all their lustre , and she outshone the young beauties of the court , amidst whom she appeared like Calypso surrounded by her nymphs . I now arrive at the second period of Sophia 's life , which forms a sequel perfectly in unison with the commencement . Count Felix Patocka , at the commencement of the troubles in Poland , raised a considerable party by the influence of his rank and vast fortune . During a temporary absence from the Court of Poland , he made a tour through Italy , and on his return , he met the Count and Countess de Witt at Hamburgh , when he fell deeply in love with Sophia . Not to weary you with the details of the romance , I will come to the d é nouement at once . Nothing is so easy as to obtain a divorce in Poland . The law extends so far on this point , that I knew a gentleman , M. Wortrel , who had no less than four wives , all living , and bearing his name . Count Patocka , therefore , availing himself of this advantage , and having previously made every necessary arrangement , one morning called on Count de Witt , and , without further ceremony , said — “ Count , I love your wife , and cannot live without her . I know that I am not indifferent to her ; and I might immediately carry her off ; but I wish to owe my happiness to you , and to retain for ever a grateful sense of your generosity . Here are two papers : one is an act of divorce , which only wants your signature , for you see the Countess has already affixed hers to it ;— the other is a bond for two millions of florins , payable at my banker 's , in this city . We may , therefore , settle the business amicably or otherwise , just as you please . ” The husband doubtless thought of his adventure at the fortress of Kaminieck , and , like the French ambassador , he resigned himself to his fate , and signed the paper . The fair Sophia became , the same day , Countess Patocka ; and to the charms of beauty and talent , were now added the attractions of a fortune , the extent of which was at that time unequalled in Europe .— Court Journal . Retrospective Gleanings . JOHN LOCKE . Lord King has just done the state of literature some service , by the publication of the Life of John Locke : with Extracts from his Journals , & c. In this task his lordship has drawn largely on some valuable papers of Locke , preserved by their having gone into the possession of Sir Peter King , the ancestor of Lord King , his near relation and sole executor . Among these treasures are Locke 's correspondence , a journal of his travels in France and Holland , his common-place book , and many miscellaneous papers ; all of which have been preserved in the same scrutoire in which they had been deposited by their author , and which was probably removed to Oakham , ( Lord King 's seat ,) in 1710 . From the latter portion of Lord King 's valuable work , we select a few notes , illustrative of Manners and Customs in ENGLAND , 1679 . The sports of England , which , perhaps , a curious stranger would be glad to see , are horse-racing , hawking , and hunting ; bowling ,— at Marebone and Putney he may see several persons of quality bowling , two or three times a week all the summer ; wrestling , in Lincoln 's Inne Field every evening all the summer ; bear and bull-baiting , and sometimes prizes , at the Bear-Garden ; shooting in the long-bow and stob-ball , in Tothil Fields ; cudgel-playing , in several places in the country ; and hurling , in Cornwall . London .— See the East India House , and their magazines ; the Custom House ; the Thames , by water , from London Bridge to Deptford ; and the King 's Yard at Deptford ; the sawing-windmill ; Tradescant 's garden and closet ; Sir James Morland 's closet and water-works ; the iron mills at Wandsworth , four miles above London , upon the Thames ; or rather those in Sussex ; Paradise by Hatton Garden ; the glass-house at the Savoy , and at Vauxhall . Eat fish in Fish Street , especially lobsters , Colchester oysters , and a fresh cod 's head . The veal and beef are excellent good in London ; the mutton better in several counties in England . A venison pasty and a chine of beef are good every where ; and so are crammed capons and fat chickens . Railes and heathpolts , ruffs , and reeves , are excellent meat wherever they can be met with . Puddings of several sorts , and creams of several fashions , both excellent ; but they are seldom to be found , at least in their perfection , at common eating-houses . Mango and saio are two sorts of sauces brought from the East Indies . Bermuda oranges and potatoes , both exceeding good in their kind . Chedder and Cheshire cheese . Men excellent in their arts . Mr. Cox , in Long Acre , for all sorts of dioptical glasses . Mr. Opheel , near the Savoy , for all sorts of machines . Mr. ——, for a new invention he has , and teaches to copy all sorts of pictures , plans , or to take prospects of places . The King 's gunsmith , at the Yard by Whitehall . Mr. Not , in the Pall Mall , for binding of books . The Fire-eater . At an iron-monger 's , near the May-pole , in the Strand , is to be found a great variety of iron instruments , and utensils of all kinds . At Bristol see the Hot-well ; St. George 's Cave , where the Bristol diamonds are found ; Ratcliff Church ; and at Kingwood , the coal-pits . Taste there Milford oysters , marrow-puddings , cock-ale , metheglin , white and red-muggets , elvers , sherry , sack ( which , with sugar , is called Bristol milk ,) and some other wines , which , perhaps you will not drink so good at London . At Gloucester observe the whispering place in the cathedral . At Oxford see all the colleges , and their libraries ; the schools and public library , and the physic-garden . Buy there knives and gloves , especially white kid-skin ; and the cuts of all the colleges graved by Loggins . If you go into the North , see the Peak in Derbyshire , described by Hobbes , in a Latin poem , called “ Mirabilia Pecci . ” Home-made drinks of England are beer and ale , strong and small ; those of most note , that are to be sold , are Lambeth ale , Margaret ale , and Derby ale ; Herefordshire cider , perry , mede . There are also several sorts of compounded ales , as cock-ale , wormwood-ale , lemon-ale , scurvygrass-ale , college-ale , & c. These are to be had at Hercules Pillars , near the Temple ; at the Trumpet , and other houses in Sheer Lane , Bell Alley , and , as I remember , at the English Tavern , near Charing Cross . Foreign drinks to be found in England are all sorts of Spanish , Greek , Italian , Rhenish , and other wines , which are to be got up and down at several taverns . Coff é, th é, and chocolate , at coffeehouses . Mum at the mum houses and other places ; and molly , a drink of Barbadoes , by chance at some Barbadoes merchants ’ . Punch , a compounded drink , on board some West India ships ; and Turkish sherbet amongst the merchants . Manufactures of cloth that will keep out rain ; flanel , knives , locks and keys ; scabbards for swords ; several things wrought in steel , as little boxes , heads for canes , boots , riding-whips , Rippon spurs , saddles , & c. At Nottingham dwells a man who makes fans , hatbands , necklaces , and other things of glass , drawn out into very small threads . ” SPIRIT OF THE Public Journals . NEW MAGAZINE . Mr. Sharpe , the proprietor of the “ Anniversary , ” has just published the first number of “ The Three Chapters , ” which is one of the most splendid Magazines ever produced in this or any other country . It has a charming print by H. Rolls , from Wilkie 's Hymn of the Calabrian Shepherds to the Virgin , which alone is worth the price charged for the number . Southey , A. Cunningham , L. E. L . and Hook , shine in the poetry and romance , one of the “ Three Chapters , ” from which we have just room to give the following :— EPITAPH IN BUTLEIGH CHURCH . BY ROBERT SOUTHEY . Divided far by death were they , whose names , In honour here united , as in birth , This monumental verse records . They drew In Dorset 's healthy vales their natal breath , And from these shores beheld the ocean first , Whereon , in early youth , with one accord They chose their way of fortune ; to that course By Hood and Bridport 's bright example drawn , Their kinsmen , children of this place , and sons Of one , who in his faithful ministry Inculcated , within these hallowed walls , The truths , in mercy to mankind revealed . Worthy were these three brethren each to add New honours to the already honour 'd name ; But Arthur , in the morning of his day , Perished amid the Caribbean sea , When the Pomona , by a hurricane Whirl 'd , riven and overwhelmed , with all her crew Into the deep went down . A longer date To Alexander was assign 'd , for hope For fair ambition , and for fond regret , Alas , how short ! for duty , for desert , Sufficing ; and , while Time preserves the roll Of Britain 's naval feats , for good report . A boy , with Cook he rounded the great globe ; A youth , in many a celebrated fight With Rodney had his part ; and having reach 'd Life 's middle stage , engaging ship to ship , When the French Hercules , a gallant foe , Struck to the British Mars his three-striped flag , He fell , in the moment of his victory . Here his remains in sure and certain hope Are laid , until the hour when earth and sea Shall render up their dead . One brother yet Survived , with Keppel and with Rodney train 'd In battles , with the Lord of Nile approved , Ere in command he worthily upheld Old England 's high prerogative . In the east , The west , the Baltic , and the midland seas , Yea , wheresoever hostile fleets have plough 'd The ensanguined deep , his thunders have been heard , His flag in brave defiance hath been seen , And bravest enemies at Sir Samuel 's name Felt fatal presage in their inmost heart , Of unavertable defeat foredoom 'd . Thus in the path of glory he rode on , Victorious alway , adding praise to praise ; Till full of honours , not of years , beneath The venom of the infected clime he sunk , On Coromandel 's coast , completing there His service , only when his life was spent . To the three brethren , Alexander 's son ( Sole scion he in whom their line survived ,) With English feeling , and the deeper sense Of filial duty , consecrates this tomb . LOVE . A BALLAD , BY THE ETTRICK SHEPHERD . O , Love 's a bitter thing to bide , The lad that drees it 's to be pitied ; It blinds to a ’ the warld beside , And makes a body dilde and ditied ; It lies sae sair at my breast bane , My heart is melting saft an ’ safter ; To dee outright I wad be fain , Wer't no for fear what may be after . I dinna ken what course to steer , I 'm sae to dool an ’ daftness driven , For are so lovely , sweet , and dear , Sure never breath 'd the breeze o ’ heaven ; O there 's a soul beams in her ee , Ae blink o't maks are 's spirit gladder , And ay the mair she geeks at me , It pits me aye in love the madder . Love winna heal , it winna thole , You canna shu n't even when you fear it ; An ’ O , this sickness o ’ the soul , ‘ Tis past the power of man to bear it ! And yet to mak o ’ her a wife , I couldna square it wi ’ my duty , I 'd like to see her a ’ her life Remain a virgin in her beauty ; As pure as bonny as she 's now , The walks of human life adorning ; As blithe as bird upon the bough , As sweet as breeze of summer morning . Love paints the earth , it paints the sky , An ’ tints each lovely hue of Nature , And makes to the enchanted eye An angel of a mortal creature . Blackwood 's Magazine . Spirit of Discovery . Regent 's Park . It is much to be regretted that those who first designed the plantations of the Regent 's Park seem to have had little or no taste for , or knowledge of , hardy trees and shrubs ; otherwise , this park might have been the first arboretum in the world . Instead of the ( about ) 50 sorts of trees and shrubs which it now exhibits , there might have been all the 3 , 000 sorts , now so admirably displaying their buds and leaves , and some of them their flowers , in the arboretum of Messrs. Loddiges at Hackney . A walk round that arboretum , at this season , is one of the greatest treats which a botanist can enjoy , and a drive round the Regent 's Park might have been just as interesting . It is not yet too late to supply this defect , and the expense to government would be a mere bagatelle . The Zoological Society in the mean time , might receive contributions of herbaceous plants , and be at the expense of planting and naming them .— London 's Mag . Zoological Society . A catalogue of the members has been published , which includes 1 , 291 names , besides corresponding members . The museum in Bruton Street has received , and is daily receiving , valuable additions , as is the garden in the Regent 's Park . The extent of this garden has been , in consequence of the various donations and purchases , considerably increased , and several neat and appropriate structures are now erecting for the abode of different specimens . It is a gratifying circumstance that these specimens are , for the most part , clearly and distinctly named , with the native country of the animal added . We could wish to see a greater variety of trees , shrubs , and herbaceous plants introduced , and equally clear names and geographical indications placed at them also . Why should it not , as far as practicable , be a botanic garden as well as a zoological garden ?— Ibid . Galvanism . Mr. Becquerel has discovered that the temperature of a conducting wire communicating with the two poles of a pile , increases from each of its extremities , and constantly reaches its maximum in the middle of the wire .— Brewster 's Journal . Alloyed Iron Plate . A manufacture of prepared iron has been practised , and the substance produced used to a considerable degree in Paris . This has been to prepare iron in large plates , and other forms , so that it will not rust . This has been effected by coating it with an alloy of tin and much lead , so as to form an imitation of tin plate . Trials have been made , and proved favourable ; it resists the action of certain fluids that would rapidly corrode iron alone ; it can be prepared of any size , and at a low price . Its use in the manufacture of sugarpans and boilers , in the construction of roofs and gutters , is expected to be very considerable . — Bull . d'Encouragement . Saline Lake of Loonar in Berar . This curious lake is contained in a sort of cauldron of rocks amidst a pleasing landscape , and is of course the object of superstition . The taste of the water is uncommonly brackish . Mr. Alexander , who describes it , found by a rough analysis that 100 parts contain Muriate of Soda 20 parts , Muriate of Lime 10 parts , Muriate of Magnesia 6 parts , The principal purpose to which the sediment of the water is applied is cleansing the shawls of Cachmere . It is also used as an ingredient in the alkaline cake of the Musselmans .— Trans . Lit . Soc . Madras . The Selector ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . AN ILLUSTRIOUS SWINDLER . Here is a whole-length of a fine , slashing French thief , from the third volume of Vidocq , the policeman 's Memoirs , of which more anon :— Winter was only twenty-six , a handsome brown fellow , with arched eyebrows , long lashes , prominent nose , and rakish air . Winter had , moreover , that good carriage , and peculiar look , which belongs to an officer of light cavalry , and he , therefore , assumed a military costume , which best displayed the graces of his person . One day he was an hussar , the next a lancer , and then again in some fancy uniform . At will he was chief of a squadron , commandant , aide-de-camp , colonel , & c .; and to command more consideration , he did not fail to give himself a respectable parentage ; he was by turns the son of the valiant Lasalle , of the gallant Winter , colonel of the grenadiers of the imperial horse-guard ; nephew of the general Comte de Lagrange , and cousin-german to Rapp ; in fact , there was no name which he did not borrow , no illustrious family to which he did not belong . Born of parents in a decent situation of life , Winter had received an education sufficiently brilliant to enable him to aspire to all these metamorphoses ; the elegance of his manner , and a most gentlemanly appearance , completed the illusion . Few men had made a better d é but than Winter . Thrown early into the career of arms , he obtained very rapid promotion ; but when an officer he soon lost the esteem of his superiors ; who , to punish his misconduct , sent him to the Isle of R é, to one of the colonial battalions . There he so conducted himself as to inspire a belief that he had entirely reformed . But no sooner was he raised a step , than committing some fresh peccadillo , he was compelled to desert in order to avoid punishment . He came thence to Paris , where his exploits as swindler and pickpocket procured him the unenviable distinction of being pointed out to the police as one of the most skilful in his twofold profession . Winter , who was what is termed a downy one , plucked a multitude of gulpins even in the most elevated classes of society . He visited princes , dukes , the sons of ancient senators , and it was on them or the ladies of their circle that he made the experiments of his misapplied talents . The females , particularly , however squeamish they were , were never sufficiently so to prevent themselves from being plundered by him . For several months the police were on the look out for this seducing young man , who , changing his dress and abode incessantly , escaped from their clutch at the moment when they thought they had him securely , when I received orders to commence the chase after him , to attempt his capture . Winter was one of those Lovelaces who never deceive a woman without robbing her . I thought that amongst his victims I could find at least one , who , from a spirit of revenge , would be disposed to put me on the scent of this monster . By dint of searching , I thought I had met with a willing auxiliary , but as these Ariadnes , however ill used or forsaken they may be , yet shrink from the immolation of their betrayer , I determined to accost the damsel I met with cautiously . It was necessary , before I ventured my bark , to take soundings , and I took care not to manifest any hostility towards Winter , and not to alarm that residue of tenderness , which , despite of ill usage , always remains in a sensitive heart . I made my appearance in the character of almoner of the regiment of which he was thought to command , and as such introduced to the ci-devant mistress of the pretended colonel . The costume , the language , the manner I assumed were in perfect unison with the character I was about to play , and I obtained to my wish the confidence of the fair forsaken one , who gave me unwittingly all the information I required . She pointed out to me her favoured rival , who , already ill-treated by Winter , had still the weakness to see him , and could not forbear making fresh sacrifices for him . I became acquainted with this charming lady , and to obtain favour in her eyes , announced myself as a friend of her lover 's family . The relatives of the young giddy pate had empowered me to pay his debts ; and if she could contrive an interview with him for me , she might rely on being satisfied with the result of the first . Madame ——— was not sorry to have an opportunity of repairing the dilapidations made on her property , and one morning sent me a note , stating that she was going to dine with her lover the next day at the Boulevard du Temple , at La Galiote . At four o'clock I went , disguised as a messenger , and stationed myself at the door of the restaurant 's ; and after two hours ’ watch , I saw a colonel of hussars approach . It was Winter , attended by two servants . I went up to him , and offered to take care of the horses , which proffer was accepted . Winter alighted , he could not escape me , but his eyes met mine , and with one jump he flung himself on his horse , spurred him , and disappeared . I thought I had him , and my disappointment was great ; but I did not despair of catching my gentleman . Some time afterwards I learnt that he was to be at the Caf é Hardi , in the Boulevard des Italiens . I went thither with some of my agents , and when he arrived all was so well arranged , that he had only to get into a hackney coach , of which I paid the fare . Led before a commissary of police , he asserted that he was not Winter ; but , despite the insignia of the rank he had conferred on himself , and the long string of orders hanging on his breast , he was properly and officially identified as the individual mentioned in the warrant which I had for his apprehension . Winter was sentenced to eight years ’ imprisonment , and would now be at liberty but for a forgery which he committed while at Bic ê tre , which , bringing on him a fresh sentence of eight years at the galleys , he was conducted to the Bagne at the expiration of his original sentence , and is there at present . This adventurer does not want wit : he is , I am told , the author of a vast many songs , much in fashion with the galley slaves , who consider him us their Anacreon . ANCIENT TYRE . The Tyrians , although not so early celebrated either in sacred or profane history , had yet attained greater renown than their Sidonian kinsmen . It is useless to conjecture at what period or under what circumstances these eastern colonists had quitted the shores of the Persian gulf , and fixed their seat on the narrow belt between the mountains of Lebanon and the sea . Probably at first they were only factories , established for connecting the trade between the eastern and western world . If so , their origin must be sought among the natives to the east of the Assyrians , as that race of industrious cultivators possessed no shipping , and was hostile to commerce . The colonists took root on this shore , became prosperous and wealthy , covered the Mediterranean with their fleets , and its shores with their factories . Tyre in the course of time became the dominant city , and under her supremacy were founded the Phoenician colonies in Greece , Sicily , Africa , and Spain . The wealth of her merchant princes had often tempted the cupidity of the despots of Asia . Salmanassar , the Assyrian conqueror of Israel , directed his attacks against Tyre , and continued them for five years , but was finally compelled to raise the siege . Nabuchadonosor was more persevering , and succeeded in capturing the city , after a siege that lasted thirteen years . The old town , situated on the continent was never rebuilt ; but a new Tyre rose from its ruins . This occupied the area of a small island , described by Pliny as two miles and a half in circumference . On this confined space a large population existed , and remedied the want of extent by raising story upon story , on the plan followed by the ancient inhabitants of Edinburgh . It was separated from the main land by an armlet of the sea , about half a mile in breadth and about eighteen feet deep . The city was encircled by walls and fortifications of great strength and height , and scarcely pregnable even if accessible . Family Library , No . 3 . SIR WILLIAM DEVEREUX , A Portrait — by the Author of Pelham . My uncle did as his ancestors had done before him ; and , cheap as the dignity had grown , went up to court to be knighted by Charles II . He was so delighted with what he saw of the metropolis , that he foreswore all intention of leaving it , took to Sedley and champagne , flirted with Nell Gwynne , lost double the value of his brother 's portion at one sitting to the chivalrous Grammont , wrote a comedy corrected by Etherege , and took a wife recommended by Rochester . The wife brought him a child six months after marriage , and the infant was born on the same day the comedy was acted . Luckily for the honour of the house , my uncle shared the fate of Plimneus , king of Sicyon , and all the offspring he ever had ( that is to say , the child and the play ,) “ died as soon as they were born . ” My uncle was now only at a loss to know what to do with his wife , that remaining treasure , whose readiness to oblige him had been so miraculously evinced . She saved him the trouble of long cogitation ,— an exercise of intellect to which he was never too ardently inclined . There was a gentleman of the court celebrated for his sedateness and solemnity ; my aunt was piqued into emulating Orpheus , and six weeks after her confinement she put this rock into motion ,— they eloped . Poor gentleman ! it must have been a severe trial of patience to a man never known before to transgress the very slowest of all possible walks , to have had two events of the most rapid nature happen to him in the same week . Scarcely had he recovered the shock of being ran away with by my aunt , before , terminating for ever his vagrancies , he was ran through by my uncle . The wits made an epigram upon the event ; and my uncle , who was as bold as a lion at the point of a sword , was , to speak frankly , terribly disconcerted by the point of a jest . He retired to the country in a fit of disgust and gout . Here his own bon naturel rose from the layers of art which had long oppressed it , and he solaced himself by righteously governing domains worthy of a prince , for the mortifications he had experienced in the dishonourable career of a courtier . Hitherto I have spoken somewhat slightingly of my uncle ; and in his dissipation he deserved it , for he was both too honest and too simple to shine in that galaxy of prostitute genius of which Charles II . was the centre . But in retirement he was no longer the same person , and I do not think that the elements of human nature could have furnished forth a more amiable character than Sir William Devereux , presiding at Christmas over the merriment of his great hall . Good old man ! his very defects were what we loved best in him ; vanity was so mingled with good nature that it became graceful , and we reverenced one the most , while we most smiled at the other . One peculiarity had he , which the age he had lived in , and his domestic history , rendered natural enough , viz . an exceeding distaste to the matrimonial state : early marriages were misery ; imprudent marriages idiotism ; and marriage at the best he was wont to say , with a kindling eye and a heightened colour , marriage at the best — was the devil . Yet it must not be supposed that Sir William Devereux was an ungallant man . On the contrary , never did the beau sexe have a humbler or more devoted servant . As nothing in his estimation was less becoming to a wise man than matrimony , so nothing was more ornamental than flirtation . He had the old man 's weakness , garrulity , and he told the wittiest stories in the world , without omitting any thing in them but the point . This omission did not arise from the want either of memory or of humour , but solely from a deficiency in the malice natural to all jesters . He could not persuade his lips to repeat a sarcasm hurting even the dead or the ungrateful ; and when he came to the drop of gall which should have given zest to the story , the milk of human kindness broke its barrier despite himself , and washed it away . He was a fine wreck , a little prematurely broken by dissipation , but not perhaps the less interesting on that account ; tall , and somewhat of the jovial old English girth , with a face where good nature and good living mingled their smiles and glow . He wore the garb of twenty years back , and was curiously particular in the choice of his silk stockings . He was not a little vain of his leg , and a compliment on that score was always sure of a gracious reception . The Gatherer . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . Lord Sundon was one of the commissioners of the treasury in the reign of George II . The celebrated Bob Doddington was a colleague of the noble lord , and was always complaining of his slowness of comprehension . One day that lord Sundon laughed at something which Doddington had said , Winnington , another member of the board , said to him , in a whisper , “ You are very ungrateful : you see lord Sundon takes your joke . ” “ No , no , ” replied Doddington , “ he is laughing now at what I said last board day . ” — Monthly Mag . STINGING MISTAKE . A certain person , who shall be nameless , filled the situation of Plumian Professor of Astronomy at Oxford . He was a great stickler for decorum , and all due respect to his office . One day he received a letter by the post , directed to himself , as the Plumbian Professor . He shook with indignation . What an insult ! Plumbian professor ! Leaden professor ! Was it meant to insinuate that there was any thing of a leaden quality in his lectures or writings ! While thus irate , a friend of the professor happened to drop in . He showed him the letter , and expatiated upon the indignity of the superscription . His friend endeavoured to convince him that it must be merely a slip of the pen . In vain . The professor would not be pacified . “ Well , ” said his friend , “ at any rate , it is evident the b has stung you . ” — Ibid . An Irish barrister had the failing of Goldsmith , in an eminent degree : that of believing he could do every thing better than any other person . This propensity exhibited itself ludicrously enough on one occasion , when a violent influenza prevailed in Dublin . A friend who happened to meet him , mentioned a particular acquaintance , and observed that he had had the influenza very bad . “ Bad ! ” exclaimed the other , “ I do n't know how bad he has had it , but I am sure I have had it quite as bad as he , or any one else . ” — “ Not quite , I think , ” replied his friend , “ for poor Mr. Gillicuddy is dead . ” — “ Well , ” rejoined our tenacious optimist , “ and what of that ? I could have died too , if I had liked it . ” — Ibid . THE LATE SIR HUMPHRY DAVY , BART . THE SUPPLEMENT , containing Title , Preface , and Index to Vol . xiii . and a fine Steel-plate PORTRAIT OF SIR HUMPHRY DAVY , BART . With a copious Memoir of his interesting Life and Discoveries , Notices of his Literary Works , & c. is now Publishing . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6