THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 10 , No . 287 .] SATURDAY , DECEMBER 15 , 1827 . [ PRICE 2d . NEW STEAM CARRIAGE . Explanation of the References . 1 . The Guide and Engineer , to whom the whole management of the machinery and conduct of the carriage is intrusted . Besides this man , a guard will be employed . 2 . The handle which guides the Pole and Pilot Wheels . 3 . The Pilot Wheels . 4 . The Pole . 5 . The Fore Boot , for luggage . 6 . The “ Throttle Valve ” of the main steam-pipe , which , by means of the handle , is opened or closed at pleasure , the power of the steam and the progress of the carriage being thereby regulated from 1 to 10 or 20 miles per hour . 7 . The Tank for Water , running from end to end , and the full breadth of the carriage ; it will contain 60 gallons of water . 8 . The Carriage , capable of holding six inside-passengers . 9 . Outside Passengers , of which the present carriage will carry 15 . 10 . The Hind Boot , containing the Boiler and Furnace . The Boiler is incased with sheet-iron , and between the pipes the coke and charcoal are put , the front being closed in the ordinary way with an iron door . The pipes extend from the cylindrical reservoir of water at the bottom to the cylindrical chamber for steam at the top , forming a succession of lines something like a horse-shoe , turned edgeways . The steam enters the “ separators ” through large pipes , which are observable on the Plan , and is thence conducted to its proper destination . 11 . “ Separators , ” in which the steam is separated from the water , the water descending and returning to the boiler , while the steam ascends , and is forced into the steam-pipes or main arteries of the machine . 12 . The Pump , by which the water is pumped from the tank , by means of a flexible hose , to the reservoir , communicating with the boiler . 13 . The Main Steam Pipe , descending from the “ separators , ” and proceeding in a direct line under the body of the coach to the “ throttle valve ” ( No . 6 ,) and thence , under the tank , to the cylinders from which the pistons work . 14 . Flues of the Furnace , from which there is no smoke , coke and charcoal being used . 15 . The Perches , of which there are three , conjoined , to support the machinery . 16 . The Cylinders . There is one between each perch . 17 . Valve Motion , admitting steam alternately to each side of the pistons . 18 . Cranks , operating on the axle : at the ends of the axle are crotches ( No . 21 ,) which , as the axle turns round , catch projecting pieces of iron on the boxes of the wheels , and give them the rotatory motion . The hind wheels only are thus operated upon . 19 . Propellers , which , as the carriage ascends a hill , are set in motion , and move like the hind legs of a horse , catching the ground , and then forcing the machine forward , increasing the rapidity of its motion , and assisting the steam power . 20 . The Drag , which is applied to increase the friction on the wheel in going down a hill . This is also assisted by diminishing the pressure of the steam — or , if necessary , inverting the motion of the wheels . 21 . The Clutch , by which the wheel is sent round . 22 . The Safety Valve , which regulates the proper pressure of the steam in the pipe . 23 . The Orifice for filling the Tank . This is done by means of a flexible hose and a funnel , and occupies but a few seconds . Mr. Goldsworthy Gurney , whose name is already familiar to most of our readers , after a variety of experiments , during the last two years , has completed a STEAM CARRIAGE on a new principle ; or , as a wag said the other day , he has at length brought his plan to bear . We have , accordingly , procured a drawing of this extraordinary invention , which we shall proceed to describe generally , since the letters , introduced in the annexed Engraving , with the accompanying references , will enable our readers to enter into the details of the machinery :— First , as to its safety , upon which point the public are most sceptical . In the present invention , it is stated , that , even from the bursting of the boiler , there is not the most distant chance of mischief to the passengers . This boiler is tubular , constructed upon philosophical principles , and upon a plan totally distinct from any thing previously in use . Instead of being , as in ordinary cases , a large vessel closed on all sides , with the exception of the valves and steam conductors , which a high pressure or accidental defect may burst , it is composed of a succession of welded iron pipes , perhaps forty in number , screwed together in the manner of the common gas-pipes , at given distances , extending in a direct line , and in a row , at equal distances from a small reservoir of water , to the distance of about a yard and a half , and then curving over in a semi-circle of about half a yard in diameter , returning in parallel lines to the pipes beneath , to a reservoir above , thus forming a sort of inverted horse-shoe . This horse-shoe of pipes , in fact , forms the boiler , and the space between is the furnace ; the whole being enclosed with sheet-iron . The advantage of this arrangement is obvious ; for , while more than a sufficient quantity of steam is generated for the purposes requited , the only possible accident that could happen would be , the bursting of one of these barrels , and a temporary diminution of the steam-power of one-fortieth part . The effects of the accident could , of course , only be felt within its own enclosure ; and the Engineer could , in ten minutes , repair the injury , by extracting the wounded barrel , and plugging up the holes at each end ; but the fact is , that such are the proofs to which these barrels are subjected , before they are used , by the application of a steam-pressure five hundred times more than can ever be required , that the accident , trifling as it is , is scarcely possible . A contemporary journal illustrates Mr. Gurney 's invention by the following analogy :— “ It will appear not a little singular that Mr. Gurney , who was educated a medical man , has actually made the construction of the human body , and of animals in general , the model of his invention . His reservoirs of steam and water , or rather ‘ separators , ’ as they are called , and which are seen at the end of our plate , are , as it were , the heart of his steam apparatus , the lower pipes of the boiler are the arteries , and the upper pipes the veins . The water , which is the substitute for blood , is first sent from the reservoirs into the pipes — the operation of fire soon produces steam , which ascends through the pipes to the upper part of the reservoir , carrying with it a portion of water into the separators , which of course descends to the lower part , and returns to fill the pipes which have been exhausted by the evaporation of the steam — the steam above pressing it down with an elastic force , so as to keep the arteries or pipes constantly full , and preserve a regular circulation . In the centre of the separators are perforated steam pipes , which ascend nearly to the tops , these tops being of course closed , so as to prevent the escape of the steam . Through these pipes the steam descends with its customary force , and is conducted by one main pipe all along under the carriage to the end of the platform , which is , in point of fact , the water tank , where it turns under till it reaches two large branch pipes which communicate with the cylinders , from which the pistons move and give motion to the machinery . The cranks of the axle are thus set in action , and the rotatory movement is given to the wheels . By the power thus engendered also a pump is worked , and which , by means of a flexible hose , pumps the water into the boiler , keeping the supply complete . The tank and furnace , it is calculated will hold sufficient water and fuel for one hour 's consumption , the former being sixty gallons . ” The vehicle resembles the ordinary stage-coaches , but is rather larger and higher . Coke or charcoal are to form the fuel , by which means smoke will be avoided ; the flues will be above the level of the seated passenger , and it is calculated that the motion of the carriage will always disperse the heated rarefied air from the flues . The present carriage would carry six inside and fifteen outside passengers , independent of the guide , who is also the engineer . In front of the coach is a very capacious boot ; while behind , that which assumes the appearance of a boot is the case for the boiler and the furnace . The length of the vehicle , from end to end , is fifteen feet , and , with the pole and pilot-wheels , twenty feet . The diameter of the hind wheels is five feet ; of the front wheels three feet nine inches ; and of the pilot-wheels three feet . There is a treble perch , by which the machinery is supported , and beneath which two propellers , in going up a hill , may be set in motion , somewhat similar to the action of a horse 's legs under similar circumstances . In descending a hill , there is a break fixed on the hind wheel to increase the friction ; but independent of this , the guide has the power of lessening the force of the steam to any extent , by means of the lever to his right hand , which operates upon , what is called the throttle valve , and by which he may stop the action of the steam altogether , and effect a counter vacuum in the cylinders . By this means also he regulates the rate of progress on the road , going at a pace of two miles or ten miles per hour , or even quicker if necessary . There is another lever also by which he can stop the vehicle instanter , and , in fact , in a moment reverse the motion of the wheels , so as to prevent accident , as is the practice with the paddles of steam-vessels . The guide , who sits in front , keeps the vehicle in its proper course , by means of the pilot-wheels acting upon the pole , like the handle of a garden-chair . The weight of the carriage and its apparatus is estimated at 1-1 / 2 tons , and its wear and tear of the road , as compared with a carriage drawn by four horses , is as one to six . When the carriage is in progress the machinery is not heard , nor is there so much vibration as in an ordinary vehicle , from the superior solidity of the structure . The engine has a twelve-horse power , but may be increased to sixteen ; while the actual power in use , except in ascending a hill , is but eight-horse . The success of the present improved invention is stated to be decided ; but the public will shortly have an opportunity of judging for themselves , as several experimental journeys are projected . If it should attain its anticipated perfection , the contrivance will indeed be a proud triumph of human ingenuity , which , aided by its economy , will doubtless recommend it to universal patronage . Mr. Gurney has already secured a patent for his invention ; and he has our best wishes for his permanent success . HISTORICAL FACTS RELATIVE TO THE EARLY CONDITION OF THE ENGLISH . ( For the Mirror .) London , in early times ( King Ethelred 's reign ) consisted only of scattered buildings from Ludgate to Westminster , and none where the heart of the city now is ; it was afterwards extended more westward and continued increasing — - eastward being neglected until a more later period . Who can view its present well constructed houses , its numerous elegant squares and terraces , and its general superior appearance , without almost doubting that the inhabitants of Britain once dwelt in the most miserable habitations , regardless in every respect of comfort and cleanliness . Indeed , at an early period we seem to have been in a very wretched condition . Without carrying ourselves too far back , we will look at the state of the English about the year 1520 , ( Henry the Eighth 's reign .) The houses were built entirely regardless of all that health and comfort could suggest . The situation of the doors and windows was never thought of , and the former only opened . The floors were made either of clay , or sand , covered with rushes , which were very seldom removed . [ 1 ] Some few houses were built of stone , but generally they were composed of wood , coated over with mud , or cement , with straw or reed roofs . Things seem to have been in no very enviable condition during this reign . The laws were little obeyed ; thefts and robbery were frequent , for “ 22 , 000 criminals are said to have been executed by the rigid justice of Henry VIII . ” It is not surprising that crime should have been great in this reign , for Henry himself was not only guilty of many crimes , but patronised vice in the regular system of bull and bear-baiting , particularly on Sundays , about four in the afternoon , which exhibitions were attended by great crowds of persons of all classes . The accommodations of a royal establishment at this period are thus described :— “ The apartments at Hampton Court had been furnished on a particular occasion , each with a candlestick , a basin , goblet and ewer of silver ; yet the furniture of Henry 's chamber , independent of the bed and cupboard , consisted only of a joint-stool , a pair of andirons , and a small mirror . The halls and chambers of the wealthy were replenished with a cupboard , long tables , or rather loose boards placed upon tressels , forms , a chair , and a few joint-stools . Carpets were only employed to garnish cupboards . ” The food in this reign appears to be in character with everything else . From a household book of the Earl of Northumberland , it appears that his family , during the winter , fed mostly on salt meat and salt fish , with “ an appointment of 160 gallons of mustard . ” On flesh days through the year , breakfast for my lord and lady was a loaf of bread , two manchets , a quart of beer , a quart of wine , half a chine of mutton , or a chine of beef , boiled . The earl had only two cooks to dress victuals for more than two hundred people . Hens , chickens , and partridges , were reckoned delicacies , and were forbidden except at my lord 's table . This excessive love for eating was not , however , confined to Henry 's time , for about two centuries previous to this , ( Edward III .) feasting was endeavoured to be restrained by a law , though Edward himself did not follow his own law , for when his “ son , Lionel , of Clarence , married Violentes , of Milant there were thirty courses , and the fragments fed 1 , 500 persons . ” The formation of London was but tardy and very irregular until the reign of Henry VIII . at which time , some extensive buildings and improvements were made . On the other hand , building seems at length to have gone on too rapidly , and caused such alarm , that about a century after Henry 's reign , a proclamation was issued by James I. after mature deliberation , forbidding all new buildings within ten miles of London ; and commanding if any were built after this they should be pulled down , though no notice was taken of them for seven years . It is somewhat singular , that though the population in these early days were but a handful in comparison to the present number , the redundancy of population was as bitterly complained of as it ever has been in modern days . About thirty years after Henry 's reign ( Elizabeth ) we learn from one Harrison , who wrote in 1577 , that “ a great number complain of the increase of povertie , laying the cause upon God , as though he were in fault for sending such increase of people , or want of wars that should consume them , affirming that the land was never so full . Some affirming that youth by marrying too soon do nothing to profit the countrie ; but fill it full of beggars , to the hurte and utter undooing , they say , of the common wealth . The better minded doo forsake the realme for altogether , complaining of no room to be left for them at home . ” If there was no room in Elizabeth 's time , what must be our present situation ? Indeed the present crowded state of the metropolis , and the general closeness of the buildings , has frequently been a subject for regret , as tending to render it unhealthy and impure ; but on referring to its state , when in comparison it was but a village , the old writers state that in the city , and all round it were a great number of pits and ditches , and sloughs , which were made the receptacle of all kind of filth , dead and putrid horses , and cattle , & c. In the time of Henry VIII . many parts are described as “ exceedingly foul and full of pits and sloughs , and very noisome , ” and some years after ( 1625 ) in a tract , the author says , “ Let not carkasses of horses , dogs , cats , & c. lye rotting and poisoning the aire , as they have done in More and Finsbury Fields , and elsewhere round about the cittie . Let the ditches towards Islington , Olde-street , and towards Shoreditch and Whitechapel , be well cleansed . ” In another tract published in 1665 , it states , that “ there are all sorts of unsavoury stenches , proceeding either from carrion , ditches , rotten dung-hills , vaults , sinks , nasty kennels , and streets , ( strewed with all manner of filth ) seldom cleansed . ” From these statements it is evident that notwithstanding all the present inconveniences that the inhabitants of London live in more healthy situations now that they are surrounded by houses , than when they were exposed to extensive open fields . A. B. C . [ 1 ] It was reckoned an extraordinary luxury for Thomas à Becket to have his parlour strewed every day with clean rushes . A PORTRAIT . Sketched in the year of the world , 5831 ; and , of my bachelorship , 24 . ( For the Mirror .) Chaste , as the icicle , That 's curded by the frost from purer snow , And hangs on Dian 's temple ; Dear — old maid . SHAKSPEARE 'S Coriolanus . Sed mihi vel tellus optem prius ima dehiscat , Vel Pater omnipotens adigat me fulmine ad umbras , Pallentes umbras Erebi , noctemque profundum , Ante , pudor , quam te violem , aut tua jure resolvam . VIRGIL . I have years on my back forty-eight , SHAKSPEARE 'S King Lear . Four-and-twenty lap-dogs , all of a row , Four-and-twenty monkeys , kits , and cats , dit-to ; Four-and-twenty colours in her tawdry dress , ( A rainbow she in all — but its loveliness !) Four-and-twenty tempers , in the four-and-twenty hours ; Four-and-twenty dreams of suppos 'd vanquished pow'rs , To wit of four-and-twenty swains — more or less ; Who have four-and-twenty times , curs 'd her ugliness ! Four-and-twenty trials , ere as many hours are o'er , Of four-and-twenty genera of rival Kalydor ; Four-and-twenty scentings with her dear bergamot , Four-and-twenty daubs of her dear paint-pot ; Four-and-twenty visitings to four-and-twenty friends , And four-and-twenty tales of ‘ em , before the day ends ; Of these said four-and-twenty tales just four-and-twenty versions , And all of them of all the facts most farcica perversions . Four-and-twenty false curls , * * Four-and-twenty false teeth , and quite as false a tongue , Which tells how virtuous was the world when — she and it were young . Or rather for these thirty years has moralizing told , How this good deed and that she 'll do , before she grows old : Four-and-twenty sighs a-day , that our rude English sky Is not precise as she — and may wash off the dye Meretricious of her cheeks , which are then like gold , ( Though less tempting ;) sweet and yellow as a marigold ! [ 2 ] Four-and-twenty wailings o'er the wedded state , Yet twice as many every day ‘ tis not her fate ; Pretending to the world ‘ tis mere choice that has led To singleness — yet choosing all the while to be wed , If any doting fool could be doting fool enough To bid for such a breaking down piece of stuff ; For any such a winter , that has shed the flowers of spring , Whose autumn too is flown ; nor left its fruit or any thing ! Yes , such are the marks deep branded on a class Of busy blanks , non-entities , creation 's very farce ; In these scales then be every piece of Eve 's flesh weighed , Find these criteria , and be sure you 've found an — Ancient Maid ! W. P —— N . [ 2 ] So much for the “ heinous crime of self-painting ; ” as Lord Chesterfield says ; in speaking of which , “ It is even whispered about the town , ( he observes ) of that excellent artist , Mr. Liobard , that he lately refused a fine woman to draw her picture , alleging that he never copied any body 's works but his own and God Almighty 's ! ” ANECDOTES , ROYAL AND NOBLE . ( For the Mirror .) James the First . Robert Cecil , great grandson to the first Earl of Salisbury , told Lord Dartmouth that his ancestor , inquiring into the character of king James , Bruce ( his majesty 's own ambassador ) answered , “ Ken ye a John Ape ? en I 's have him , he 'll bite you ; en you 's have him , he 'll bite me . ” Sir Edward Seymour . Speaker of the House of Commons , was one day coming to his duty , when his coach happening to break down , he ordered the beadle to stop the first gentleman 's coach they met , and bring it to him . The owner felt much surprised to be turned out of his own coach ; but Sir Edward told him it was much more proper for him to walk in the streets than the speaker of the House of Commons ; and accordingly left him to do so without farther apology .— This arbitrary exercise of authority is perhaps without a parallel . Henry the Fourth . Of France used to say that a king should have the heart of a child towards God , but the heart of a father towards his subjects . George the Third . His late majesty was very partial to Mr. Carbonel , the wine-merchant , and frequently admitted him to the royal hunts . Returning from the chase one day , the king entered affably into conversation with his wine-merchant , and rode with him side by side a considerable distance . Lord Walsingham was in attendance , and watching an opportunity , called Mr. C. aside , and whispered something to him . “ What 's that ? what has Walsingham been saying to you ? ” inquired the good-humoured monarch . “ I find , sire , I have been unintentionally guilty of disrespect by not taking off my hat when I address your majesty ; but you will please to observe , that whenever I hunt my hat is fastened to my wig , and my wig to my head ; and as I am mounted on a very spirited horse , if any thing goes off , we must all go off together . ” The king laughed heartily at the whimsical apology . The Duke of Wellington . A certain noble lord , who was the duke 's aide-de-camp , visited his grace early on the morning of the battle of Salamanca , and perceiving him lying on a very small camp bedstead , observed , “ that his grace had not room to turn himself ; ” who immediately , in his usual characteristic manner , rejoined , “ When you have lived as long and seen so much as I have , you will know , that when a general thinks of turning in his bed , it is full time to turn out . ” Rubens . An artist named Brendel , possessed with the folly of the “ philosopher 's stone , ” proposed to Rubens to join him in the discovery of that mystery . He replied , “ Your application is too late ; for these twenty years past my pencils and pallet have revealed to me the secret about which you are so anxious . ” Queen Elizabeth . When the ambassador of Henry IV . of France was in England , the queen asked him one birth-night , which was attended by a splendid assembly of the court , how he liked her ladies . Knowing her majesty was not averse to flattery , he made the following elegant reply : “ It is hard , madam , to judge of stars in the presence of the sun . ” Louis XIII . Was remarkable in his youth for piety ; entering a little village , the better sort of inhabitants wished to attend him with a canopy . He answered , “ I hear you have no church here . I cannot suffer a canopy of state to be borne over my head in a place where God hath not a consecrated roof to dwell under . ” Sigismund . Emperor of Germany , being once asked what was the surest method of living happy in the world , replied , “ By doing in health those good works you promised to do on the bed of sickness . ” JACOBUS . ARCANA OF SCIENCE . Thunder and Lightning . Conductors affixed to houses should always be pointed , and the point should be kept in a state of cleanliness , and the conductors should terminate in a moist stratum of earth , or in London it might safely be conveyed into the common sewer . It has been objected to the use of pointed conductors , that we invite the lightning to the point ; and that is true to a certain extent , and in gunpowder mills the conductor should be placed at some distance from the building . The conducting rod should be of copper or iron , and from half to three-fourths of an inch in diameter , so as not to be readily forced . Its upper end should be elevated about three or four feet above the highest part of the building , and all the metallic parts of the roof should be connected with the rod , which should be continuous throughout . As regards the question of what is the safest situation in a thunder-storm , we should be pretty safe in the middle of a large room in bed ; we should be pretty safe among the feathers , which are bad conductors ; but as the bell-wires will conduct the electricity into the room , the bed should be removed from them . It would be well to stand at a distance from the chimney on a woollen rug , which is a non-conductor . When out of doors , I scarcely need to say , that you should never stand under a tree ; the tree being moist , the electric fluid generally passes down between the bark and the substance of the tree , splitting it in all directions , and the lightning will pass to the best conductor near it ; if any unfortunate animal should happen to be under the tree , it will be killed . The safest plan is to go toward the middle of the field , at a distance from any tree , and to stretch yourself out upon the ground , although this is not a very pleasant situation , especially in hard rain . During a thunder-storm , the earth is in a state of electricity as well as the clouds , and the light and heat which are produced at the explosion indicate the annihilation of the two electricities . Sometimes the discharge is only from cloud to cloud , sometimes from the earth to the clouds , and sometimes from the clouds to the earth , as one or other may be in the positive or negative state . The clouds are usually more or less electrical when the vapour , floating about in the atmosphere , is condensed , and the earth being brought into an opposite state of electricity by induction , a discharge takes place , when the clouds approach within a certain distance , and sometimes the electric cloud perches upon a hill , and then discharges itself . The electricity passes through the clouds in a zig-zag direction , and the undulation of the air which it produces is the cause of the noise which we hear , called thunder , which is more or less intense , and of longer or shorter duration , according to the quantity of air acted upon , and the distance of the place where the report is heard from the point of discharge . If the danger be great , we have seldom any opportunity to count the time which elapses between the appearance of the lightning and the report : electrical effects take place at no sensible time ; it has been found , that a discharge through a circuit of four miles is instantaneous , whilst sound moves at the rate of about twelve miles in a minute . So that , supposing the lightning to pass through a space of some miles , the explosion will be first heard from the point of the air agitated nearest to the spectator ; it will gradually come from the more remote parts of the course of the electricity , and , last of all , will be heard from the very extremity ; and the different degrees of the agitation of the air , and the difference of the distance , will account for the different intensities of the sound , and its apparent reverberations and changes . If you can count from two to three seconds between the appearance of the lightning and the sound , there is seldom much danger ; and when the interval is a quarter of a minute , you are secure .— Brande 's Lectures .— Lancet . New Crane . A crane for raising weights , on an entirely new principle — that of the application of the lever , assisted by wedges , instead of the usual plan of wheel and pinion , for multiplying power — has recently been constructed at the West India Docks . The power of two men , with the patent crane , is stated to be capable of lifting from 2-1 / 2 to 3 times the weight lifted through the same space in a given time , by the best constructed cranes on the old principle of wheel machinery . Etching on Ivory . The usual mode of ornamenting ivory in black , is to engrave the pattern or design , and to fill up the cavities thus produced with hard black varnish . Mr. Cathery has much improved and simplified the process , by covering the ivory with engraver 's varnish , and drawing the design with an etching needle ; he then pours on a menstruum , composed of 120 grains of fine silver , dissolved in an ounce measure of nitric acid , and diluted with one quart of pure distilled water . After half an hour , more or less , according to the required depth of tint , the liquor is to be poured off , and the surface is to be washed with distilled water , and dried with blotting paper . It is then to be exposed to the light for an hour , after , which the varnish may be removed by oil of turpentine . The design will now appear permanently impressed on the ivory , and of a black or blackish brown colour , which will come to its full tint after exposure for a day or two to the light . Varieties of colour may be given by substituting the salt of gold , platina , copper , & c. for the solution of silver .— Trans . of the Society of Arts . Geology . Among the fossil bones lately dug from under the lava of the mountain of Boulade , in the neighbourhood of Issoire , in France , none have been discovered belonging to the human body . The same is the case in the other mountains of the vicinity . But , although there are no human bones , in several places , and especially in the mountain of Boutaresa , ( which is not far from the mountain of Boulade ,) pieces of wood have been discovered , buried under the ancient lava , which observers worthy of credit declare seem to have been fashioned by the hand of man , and to have been cut with a hatchet , although rudely , and as might be expected in the infancy of the arts . Did man exist then , at that remote period when elephants , lions , and tapirs , lived in Europe , with rein-deer and bears ? This is an exceedingly difficult question , and one which hitherto does not , by any means , appear to have been satisfactorily resolved .— New Monthly Magazine . THE MONTHS . THE MONTHS . DECEMBER . The characteristics of November , for the most part , extend through the present month . Wind , rain , and gloom are its attributes ; the sun Scarce spreads through ether the dejected day , Faint are his gleams , and ineffectual shoot His struggling rays , in horizontal lines , Through the thick air ; as clothed in cloudy storm , Weak , wan , and broad , he skirts the southern sky ; And soon descending , to the long dark night . Wide-shading all , the prostrate world resigns . Such is the gloomy picture of December , as drawn by the poet of the year . To the contemplatist , and the man who has ————— No enemy , But winter and rough weather , the rural walk at this season is equally inviting with any of its predecessors ; whilst he who can “ suck melancholy from a song , ” will find melody in its storms and music in its wind . What are more beautiful than the fretwork frostings of rime and hoar spread on the hedges , glistening in the broad sun-beam , and in brilliancy and variety of colours vying with the richest display of oriental splendour — with here and there berries clustering on evergreens , or pendent in solitary beauty , like the “ rich jewel in the Aethiop 's ear . ” The winter stillness of animal life is a sublime subject for our meditation . Insects which floated on the gay sunshine of summer and autumn have now retired to their winter quarters , there to remain dormant till regenerated in the enlivening warmth of spring ; and even the labours of husbandry are in a state of torpidity . Within the circuit of gardens and shrubberies Nature , however , reserves the evergreen pride of firs and pines ; and even flowers are left to gladden the eye of the winter observer ; and the rose , that sweet emblem of our fragile and transitory state , will live and prosper during this month . In the forest , the oak , beech , and hornbeam in part retain their leaves ; there , too , is the endless variety of mosses , and lichens , and ivy , spreading and clinging round aged trunks , as if to protect them with their fond warmth , or mantling over the neglected labours of human art , and mocking their proud import . At this season , too , the social economy of man is wont to ripen into mirth ; and in olden time , winter was the summer of hospitality , when the sunshine of Christmas shed its holy light on the hearts and faces of young and old . What the present generation have gained in head , they have lost in heart , and Christmas is almost the only surviving holiday of the calendar . But now , alas ! “ we live too late in time . ” If knowledge be valuable only in the proportion in which it conduces to our happiness , then we have cause to deplore the loss of the wassail-bowl , the sports and wrestlings of the town green , the evening tales , and the elegant pastimes of masque , song , and dance , of our ancestors , which the taste of our times has narrowed into a commercial channel , or pared down to a few formal visits and their insipid returns ; and friends , families , and fortunes are often sacrificed in this exchange . But there are minds so attuned as not to be shut out from “ The gayest , happiest attitudes of things , ” nor to allow their social blaze to be darkened by such narrow conceits ; and for a picture of this portion of mankind , we quote Mr. Bucke 's Harmonies :— “ Awed by the progress of time , winter , ushered into existence by the howling of storms , and the rushing of impetuous torrents , and contemplating , with the satisfaction of a giant , the ruins of the year , still affords ample food for enjoyments , which the vulgar never dream of , if sympathy and association diffuse their attractive spells around us ! In the bosom of retirement , how delightful is it to feel exempt from the mean intrigues , the endless difficulties and tumults , which active life ensures , and which retirement enables us so well to contemplate through the telescope of recollection . When seated by the cheerful fire among friends , loving and beloved , our hopes , our wishes , and our pleasures are concentrated ; the soul seems imparadised in an enchanted circle ; and the world , vain , idle , and offensive as it is , presents nothing to the judgment , and little to the imagination , that can induce the enlightened or the good to regret , that the knowledge they possess of it is chiefly from the report of others , or from the tumultuous murmur , which from a distance invades the tranquillity of their retreat , and operates as a discord in a soft sonata . These are the moments which affect us more than all the harmony of Italy , or all the melody of Scotland — moments , in which we appear almost to emulate the gods in happiness . ” “ Change , ” in the quaint language of Feltham , “ is the great lord of the universe , and Time is the agent which brings all things under his dominion . ” This has been demonstrated through our past calendar of monthly characteristics ; to which are subjoined , from a still more quaint authority than Feltham , said to be printed in the reign of Henry VII ., in a Sarum black-letter missal : THE MONTHS MORALIZED . ( From our Correspondent , M. L. B .) Januarius . The fyrst six yeres of mannesbyrth and aege May well be compared to Janyere , For in this moneth , is no strengeth nor courage More than in a chylde of the aege of six yere . Februarius . The other six yeres is like February , In the end thereof beguyneth ( 1 ) the Sprynge , That tyme chyldren is moost asst and redy To receyve chastysement , nurture and lernynge . Martinus . March betokeneth the six yeres followynge , Arayeng the erthe with pleasaunt verdure ; That season youth thought for nothynge , And wothout thought dooth his sporte and pleasure . Aprilis . The next six yere maketh four-and-twenty , And figured is to jolly Aprill That tyme of pleasures man hath most plenty Fresh , and louying ( 2 ) his lustes tofulfyll . Maius . As in the moneth of Maye all thing in mygth ( 3 ) So at thirty yeres man is in chief lyking , Pleasaunt and lustie to every mannes sygth , ( 4 ) In beauti and strengthe to women pleasynge . Junius . In June , all thyns falleth to rypenesse , And so dooth man at Ihirty-six yere old , And studyetli for to acquyre rychesse . And taketh a wyfe , to keepe his householde . Julius . At forty yere of aege , or elles never Is ony man endewed with wysdome For than forgth ( 5 ) his mygth fayleth ever As in July doth every blossome . Augustus . The goodes of the erthe is gadered evermore In August , so at forty-eight yere Man ought to gather some goodes in store To susteyne aege that then draweth nere . September . Let no man thynke , for to gather plenty Yf , at fifty-four yere he have none No more than yf his barne were empty In September when all the come is gone . October . By Octobre betokenyth sixty yere That aege hastely dooth man assayle , Yf he have outgh ( 6 ) than ( 7 ) it dooth appere To lyve quyetly after his travayle . November . When man is at sixty-six yere olde Which lykened is to bareyne Novembre He waxeth unweldy , ( 8 ) sekely ( 9 ) and cold Than ( 7 ) his soule helth is time to remember . December . The yere by Decembre takelh his ende , And so dooth man at three-score and twelve , Nature with aege wyll hym on message sende Tho tyme is come that he must go hymselve . Glossary . 1 . Beginneth . 3 . Loving . 3 . Might 4 . Sight . 5 . Waste or barren , applied to mind . 6 . Aught , anything . 7 . Then . 8 . Unwieldy . 9 . Sickly . A few words at parting , or rather in closing our calendar . Whilst we have endeavoured to attract by the little emblematic display of art at the head of each month , we have not neglected to direct the attention of our readers to “ the good in every thing ” which is scattered through each season of the year , by constantly recurring to the beneficence of the OMNIPOTENT BEING — thus enabling them to look “ Through Nature up to Nature 's God . ” Her study will moderate our joys and griefs , and enable us to carry the principle of “ good in every thing ” into every relation of social life . Let us learn to cherish in our remembrance that ( in the language of the sublime Sterne ) “ God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb ; ” and that the storms of the world , like those of nature , will at length clear off , and open to us a prospect unclouded and eternal . THE SKETCH-BOOK . No . LII . THE UNKNOWN REGION . For the following Gulliverian sketch we are indebted to a lively volume of whim , humour , and pleasant sentiment , entitled Snatches from Oblivion : the work likewise contains some springy versification .— Ed . An honourable member of a certain enlightened assembly , who had greatly distinguished himself by his topographical ingenuity and taste for good society , had , in the course of some statistical researches , discovered a part of the globe hitherto unknown , called by the natives Russell Square , and which was considered would be an important acquisition to the English dominions . A council of state was called upon this occasion , who , after six successive meetings , determined upon sending out an expedition , at the head of which was the original discoverer , to reconnoitre , and , if eligible , to take possession of the terra incognita in the name and behalf of the British crown . Unfortunately I was myself at that time engaged in oddity-hunting in another part of the world , and was consequently unable to join the adventurous party , but have learned the whole particulars from the mouth of an intimate friend , who formed a portion of it , and who obliged me with the tie of a cravat of one of the extraordinary inhabitants of the soil . His relation is to the following effect :— “ The conditions of our enterprise having been finally arranged , and our instructions delivered , sealed by the Lords of the Admiralty , after a few months ’ preparation we were enabled to commence our adventurous career . Prayers having been put up for our safe return , our , wills having been made , and , in case of our never returning from “ ‘ That undiscovered country ( Russell Square ) , From whence ( it was dreaded ) no traveller returns , ’ “ our property secured , as well as handsome annuities to our wives and children , we embarked on board the Admiralty yacht from Whitehall Stairs . Here a scene that would have melted the heart of a stoic took place . The difficulties and horrors of our campaign , the melancholy fates of Mungo Park , and Captains Cook and Bowditch , the agonizing consequences of starvation , cannibalism , and vulgarity , which we were likely to encounter in these unknown regions , were depicted in their most vivid and powerful colours . But each of us was a Roman , a Columbus , prepared to stand or fall in the service of his country . “ The vessel left the shores amidst the tears , groans , and perfumed handkerchiefs of the surrounding multitude ; so heart-rending were our adieux , that three officers of the guards , overcome by the afflicting crisis , went into strong hysterics , and were obliged to have their stay-laces cut . Standing on the poop of the vessel with a white handkerchief in one glove , and a bottle of Eau de Cologne in the other , we waved farewell to our friends , and , as the last vestige of their whiskers disappeared from our sight , a sad presentiment filled our minds that it was for ever . Groups of beings , wearing the form and countenances of men , though most barbarously disguised , occasionally passed us in what we supposed to be canoes , saluting us in an unknown and discordant tone . Our voyage concluded at a point which , we have since been informed , was discovered by a noble lord in a sailing expedition , where he was driven by adverse winds and tides , and baptized by him ‘ Waterloo Bridge , ’ after a certain victory supposed to have been obtained by the ancient Britons some time previous to the flood . Having landed , we were immediately surrounded by a native tribe of a warlike and barbarous aspect , being in almost a primitive dress , having only the lower part of their persons covered . The appearance of their skin was most remarkable ; it was intersected by blue seams , as if nature had supplied them with a shirt of her own formation — for not the slightest appearance of muslin or cambric was visible . The name of this horde of barbarism is , as we were afterwards informed , in their native patois , Scullers , and from the circumstance of their appearing peculiar to the river and its banks , the Professor of Natural History , whom we carried with us , after an elaborate investigation , declared them to be , peculiar to the soil , members of the animal kingdom , of a species between the alligator and crocodile . “ After reference to our geographical charts , we took our seats in our stanhopes , being preceded by our travelling chariots , a detachment of the Lancers , by way of security , two interpreters , a guide , and a surgeon , in case of casualties . By the instructions of the guide we steered in a direction N. E. E ., and as we proceeded farther into the country , the barbarity and uncivilization became more apparent . Crossing a swamp called the Strand , we arrived at a native settlement called Drury Lane , inhabited by a horde infinitely more barbarous and rude than the tribe by which we were accosted on landing . The indigites of this soil , in ferocity of appearance , exceeded all our previous idea of savage life . They are generally tattooed , but the crevices in their skin , instead of variegated colours as the savages of the South Seas , seemed to be filled up by a composition much resembling dirt . They had , however , no tomahawks , nor implements of a warlike description , nor were any of them dressed in skins ; although some of them had the hide of a beast hanging from their waist downwards , which appeared their only covering , and we understand is called by them — leathern apron . “ Passing by a native wigwam , which we found in our maps defined as Vinegar Yard , we were surrounded by a motley and terrific group of the inhabitants , both male and female . Of their sex we were in great doubt , especially of those who carried on their heads a kind of wicker basket , in which were a quantity of fish , of whose genus our naturalist declared himself perfectly ignorant . As we had often heard of the simplicity of man when undefiled by a knowledge of the world , of his hospitality , and his overflowing milk of human kindness , and feeling besides exhausted from the length and difficulties of our journey , we determined upon putting these fabled attributes to the proof . Holding up his stick , as an emblem of peaceable intentions , and backed by the Lancers , our interpreter advanced , and inquired for the hut of their chief , and requested , as we were much exhausted , they would oblige us with a small quantity of their ava , and a few of their native yams . As they seemed unable to detect his meaning , which we endeavoured to make more palpable , by all of us at the same time advancing , simultaneously putting our fingers down our mouths , and rubbing our stomachs , in order to have our urgent necessities immediately gratified . “ Instead of our wants having been anticipated , as we had naturally supposed , the whole tribe immediately set up a discordant yell . Believing that we were still misunderstood , we resolved on asking for food , and assuring them of our peaceable intentions in all the languages we were masters of . One of the Lancers who had , during foreign service , picked up a few expressions of the Cherokee Indians , and also a knowledge of their habits , proposed addressing them . A consultation being held , and the result being favourable , he advanced ; and , in the Cherokian language , asked for food , invoked at the same time the great spirit , which he did by spitting on his hands ( an Indian custom ) , and holding up his right foot for the purpose of his auditor kissing it , as a token of conciliation . The person whom he addressed , in an uncouth , but certainly melodious language , answered in these words : “ ‘ Dom hew-er hies , gie us none o ’ hew-er-jaw . ’ “ Another , whom I had willingly entreated in my native tongue for a place of shelter , answered in the following couplet , which convinced me of the truth of the supposition of Mr. Thomas Campbell , the intended lecturer of poetry to the London University , that mankind in an aboriginal state is essentially poetical , and express their ideas either in rhythmical or figurative language — “ ‘ Hax hay-bout , An find it hout . ’ “ Others shouted with a peculiar strength of lungs , Bedlam ! Bedlam ! ha ! ha ! These words appeared to be instantly caught up by the surrounding groups , and communicated like wild-fire , amongst the different tribes , which by this time had increased to an alarming magnitude . * * * “ Arriving at a settlement , marked out in the maps as Great Russell Street , the marks of civilization became more apparent , particularly when we saw a native approaching in shoes , stockings , and a bona fide pair of breeches ; but our surprise was increased on reaching the place of our destination , ‘ Russell Square , ’ to find very few traces of savage life , and a wigwam of considerable extent erected in close imitation of our beloved and long-lost homes ! “ Having stopped at a house which had the appearance of being inhabited by a civilized being , our interpreter , in the patois of the country , requested we might be admitted inside , for tire sole purpose of judging of the manners and customs of foreign nations . The creature who received our request was habited much after the same fashion as our footmen , only the wretch , as if to put his uncivilization beyond a doubt , actually wore white cotton stockings , and his hair without powder . Being shown up stairs , we entered a room of considerable dimensions , and our astonishment may be more easily conceived than expressed , on our finding , instead of naked beings , squatted cross-legged on mats on the floor , we found them decently attired , and sitting upright in most Christian-like and indubitable chairs . The master of the house , a short , fat , and , for a savage , an apparently inoffensive man , having by no means a blood-thirsty appearance , made us welcome according to the fashion of the country , which he did by the following ceremony :— Placing himself about half a yard before us , with both sets of his toes so drawn in as to nearly meet , one of his his hands being stuck where his breeches pocket should be placed , he ducked his head and shoulders ( as if he would make a bow ) , at the same time drawing one of his feet from the other , and scraping it on the floor ; this accomplished , he resumed his former position , muttered some unintelligible words , which sounded like ‘ perdigiously happy , ’ tucked up the collar of his shirt ( for the wretch actually wore one ) , and stalked away . “ It is needless to say that we were regarded with symptoms of infinite astonishment by the natives , with whom the room was filled , and who appeared to be mimicking the manners of civilized life , and often calling out words , which we have since understood to be names of liquids peculiar to the country , viz — ‘ port , ’ ‘ sherry , ’ and ‘ lemonade . ’ Our curiosity being amply gratified , the short fat native , who had first addressed us , marched up to me , and to my indescribable alarm offered to introduce me to his daughter , a young savage of about seventeen , who he pointed out sitting in a nearly civilized attitude on a legitimate sofa . Perceiving me shudder at the proposal , for I had heard that the New Zealanders , and other barbarous tribes , sometimes eat their friends , as well as their enemies , he inquired of me the cause , and fearful of the consequence of exciting the anger of these savages while in their power , I expressed my total willingness to the introduction , and declared that my only objection was , lest she should scratch ; upon his assuring me she was perfectly tame . I consented to be led ( though like a lamb to the slaughter ) to the couch , praying most fervently , though silently , she would not make a meal of me . What was my horror when the short fat gentleman addressed her with a horrid wink of the eye — ‘ Poppett , as I know you to be partial to these smart young fellows ( Heavens ! she was then addicted to cannibalism ) , I have brought you one . ’ I heard no more , but making up my mind I was to be served up for supper , flew with the utmost ’ rapidity my stays would permit me , when my ears were electrified at the sounds of Stultz and Nugee . I knew not how it was , but the hearing of these words , surrounded as I was by doubt and danger , calmed at once my agitated spirits , like some well-remembered air which we have heard in our infancy , stealing over the waste of years and distance , I felt completely overcome by my feelings . Home , and my native land , with a thousand sweet associations of relatives , and all the charms of friendship and love , seemed to accompany the sounds , and I gazed with unqualified mildness on the innocent source of my happiness , who stood gazing in simple wonder at my ill-suppressed surprise . I was nearly fainting , and should have fallen , had it not been for a kind-hearted squaw in a satin slip , and blond trimmings , bathing my temples with a grateful distillation of otto of roses . The natural reserve of my disposition having been overcome by the force of nature , I proposed to our entertainer , if he would part with his daughter to take her back with us , and make her a member of the civilized world . He shook his head , and declared his inability to relinquish her ; so great do we find the force of parental affection even in savage life ; but upon the approach of his son , an eligible and ductile youth , with a promising pair of whiskers , and irreproachable pantaloons , he consented to part with him , declaring that next to his daughter he was the only solace of his life . As the youth bore the name of his tribe , the semi-barbarous cognomen of Simpson , he agreed to accept that of Lee boo , not only as being more civilized , but expressive of his situation . As he was of an ambitious nature , he had made , unknown to his parent , many excursions towards the west ; we therefore agreed to accept of him as our guide ; and we left our simple and promising friends with the assurance of a speedy return : as a pledge , we exchanged one of our cravats , well stiffened , and with the Petersham tie , for one of the collars worn by the male , and a flounce of the she-savage 's petticoats ; promising also to send them , on our arrival , a pattern of Lord H ——— h 's beard , which approached nearer to savage life than any other object we could think of in the civilized world . “ We reached Connaught Place without any accident , with the young savage as a trophy , and received the most affectionate welcome on our unexpected and safe return . Prayers were put up the following day at most of the fashionable churches , and a solemn te deum was composed expressly for the occasion . The young savage has already realized the expectation we formed of his docility and capacity ; already he speaks our language equal to a native — has run through the whole of his property — keeps race-horses — and has an opera singer under his protection — never pays a bill , and is admitted without a voucher at every hell in the metropolis ; has forgot his father 's name , and never hears the unknown region of ‘ Russell Square ’ mentioned , but he in-quires — ‘ if that is not the place where the people drink porter , and do n't wear shoes and stockings ? ’ ” SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE DUST CART . Dust , than which nothing can , upon a superficial view , be considered more insignificant , was , a few years back , of very considerable value , far surpassing the value of many things acquired by difficulty and danger , and for which the breadth of oceans are traversed , through storms and tempests . Perhaps a cruise to the Gold Coast , with all its drawbacks and contingencies , is scarcely so profitable as the returns on the quantity of dust collected in the City of London , during the time necessary for the voyage , and its accomplished return . About the period I allude to , the parish of St. Luke received no less a sum than between one and two thousand pounds a-year for dust collected , which , being placed to the parish account , tended in a great measure to keep down the poor ’ - rates . In addition to its value , no kind of property is better secured ; as will be evinced , when the reader is informed that his present Majesty , George IV ., when he was Prince Regent , lost an action for the recovery of the value of dust , carried away from the palace , by his servants , to be used as manure . In order to a further illustration of the subject , it is necessary to inform the reader , that what has hitherto been considered is but a part of that incongruous combination , the contents of a dust-cart — the very last residuum — the matter called “ brize ; ” previous to which , by the result of much labour , of picking , raking , sorting , and sifting , a very pretty property is collected by the various shareholders of this joint , stock company , as a recent case that was brought forward at the Bow-street office will suffice to convince us . [ 3 ] Perhaps the reader may have never witnessed the ejection of a dust-cart : presuming he has not , I will endeavour to give him a general outline of the ceremony ; together with all the circumstances attending it , and a sketch of the group and foreground . Suppose an eminence of about five or six feet already collected , in a circular form ; on the heap is a man raking about , and a little child playing with a small brown shaggy mongrel of a dog , with a community of pigs battening on the acclivity ; a youth below , with spade and axe , is supplying three women with stuff — if women they may be called , who , of all the progeny of old Mother Nox , seemed most the resemblances of age , misery , and want ; I say seemed , for when one was called — one of three — I beheld , as she raised her dilapidated Dunstable , a face , where beams of pensive beauty struggled through dusty darkness , and which mantled to a smile at the sound of notes whistled to the tune of — “ In Bunhill-row there liv 'd a Maid ” — indicating the approach of Joe — for it was his cart :— the dying cadence now gave way to the gee-up ! uttered in deep bass , accompanied with a smart smack of the whip , to urge the horse up the ascent . Joe was a decent sort of boy enough for his avocation , not to be ranked among those who “ troop under the sooty flag of Acheron ; ” but a clean , square-built fellow , with a broadish face and forehead , blue eyes , nose rather short , expanded , and inclined upwards , and tinted with that imperial hue that indicated his knowledge was not confined to dry measure ; this , with a mouth a little elongated , formed a countenance , upon the whole , full of mirth and good-humour . This piece of device was surmounted by a hat of the usual professional form — a domed piece of felt , with a most prodigious margin : he wore a good stout flannel jacket , and waistcoat ; his shirt collar fastened by a leaden brooch , in the shape of a heart , deviating from the general costume . His continuations were of white drill ; but , mark the vanity ! short enough to display a pair of hoppers , otherwise gaiters , of the same material ; these , with a stout pair of ancle-Johns , completed his outward man of an order “ simply Doric . ” At Joe 's approach , all was stir and bustle ; the pigs , to the third and fourth generation , moved “ in perfect phalanx , ” not “ to the Dorian mood of flutes and soft recorders , ” but to their own equally inspiring grunt ; varying from the shrill treble to the deep-toned bass . Jewler , too , ran barking ; but with less interested feelings ; and his little patron ran to take the whip . A few interrogatories on each side , a joke , and its accompanying laugh , occupy brief space ; when , suddenly , a general rush proclaims the load is strewed upon the ground ! a chaotic mass — “ old hats , old wigs , old boots , old shoes , and all the tribe of leather , ” remnants of all things , the ends and the beginnings , horticultural fragments and broken crockery , the hunter 's bone and the beggar 's rags , pilfered lace suspected , and the stolen jewel , the lost gold , and the mislaid spoon : and , for a climax , rejoice ! gentle reader — for when the designs of the crafty are defeated by inadvertence , or otherwise , with the weird sisters , “ we should rejoice ! we should rejoice ! ” — a bill for fifteen pounds , drawn by a lawyer for expenses , and which was taken to the acceptor by the dustman , for which he received a considerate remuneration . Complicated as this mass appears , it is all reduced to the most perfect order , and each portion arranged according to the purposes intended for . Thus , the vegetable matter , so eagerly seized upon by the pigs , contributes to keep up a supply of dairy-fed pork and Epping sausages : the bones are laid aside for the purposes of making hartshorn and phosphorus , dominoes , and apple-scoops , & c. The old boots and shoes , with the tribe of leather , after a slight examination of their utter inefficiency , find their way , through divers passages to the glue-pot . How fractured bottles , and broken glass of every description , is disposed of , is easily seen through — to the furnace ; and how the old iron is appropriated , is not hard to guess . The old woollen , if perchance any should exist in the shape of a pair of innominables , after exploring the pockets , and a sigh for their insolvency , are unceremoniously cast aside along with the worthless remains of rags of every description , string , paper , & c. & c ., to pass through the operation necessary for making brown paper . What still remains , of coals , and cinders unconsumed , the dustman 's perquisite , are measured first , “ thence hurried back to fire : ” the wood , the sifters take . Broken tiles , bricks , delf , crockery , with a variety of substances and etceteras , go towards the formation of roads . I had almost forgotten the crowning item , viz . old wigs ! Towards the close of the last century , so much were they in request , that the supply was scarcely equal to the demand . Yes , in the days of Beau Tibbs , every street had its corner and every corner its shoe-black , and to every shoe-black might be traced an old wig , sometimes two . In those days of ruffles and etiquette , when a well-formed leg was advantageously displayed in whole silk stockings , shoes , and buckles , it was the custom with pedestrians , when making a call , to have their shoes wiped and touched up at the corner of the street nearest the place they were going to visit : and what so efficient for the purpose as an old wig ? nothing . But , alas ! those days are gone ! and Beau Tibbs is gone ! and , if we question where ? only Echo answers . But what becomes of the old wigs ? is the question at issue . Alas ! again , such is the degeneracy of modern days , that , instead of being used as an appendage to the toilet , though humble , I fear they will be traced to the vulgar bricklayer and plasterer , to be mingled with mortar , and “ patch a wall , to expel the winter 's flaw . ” Now , I believe , every particle is accounted for ; and any little article , in the shape of a bijou , is the perquisite of those pickers-up of unconsidered trifles , the sifters . Monthly Magazine . [ 3 ] It was a dispute between a dustman and a sifter , as to which had the most rightful claim to a five-pound note , found in the ashes ; and certainly nothing could be more impartially decided ; for as their claims , or rather their non-claims , turned out to be equal — that is , in point of law — it was retained by the presiding magistrate in trust . In the course of the inquiry , it appeared that the sifter had realized sufficient property to enable her to be proprietress of three houses . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . NAPOLEON 'S DIVORCE . Communication of his Intention to Josephine . I was on duty at the Tuilleries from Monday , November 27 ; on that day , the Tuesday and Wednesday following , it was easy for me to observe a great alteration in the features of the empress , and a silent constraint in Napoleon . If in the course of dinner he broke the silence , it was to ask me some brief questions , to which he did not hear the reply . On those days the dinner did not last for more than ten minutes . The storm burst on Thursday the 30th . Their majesties went to table . Josephine wore a large white hat , tied under her chin , and which concealed part of her face . I thought , however , that I perceived she had been weeping , and that she then restrained her tears with difficulty . She appeared to me the image of grief and of despair . The most profound silence reigned throughout the dinner ; and they only touched the dishes which were presented to them out of mere form . The only words uttered were those addressed to me by Napoleon : “ What o'clock is it ? ” In pronouncing them , he rose from table . Josephine followed slowly . Coffee was served , and Napoleon took himself the cup which was held by the page on duty , and gave the sign that he wished to be alone . I immediately retired , but restless , and a prey to my sad thoughts , I sat down in the attendance-room , which was commonly used for their majesties to dine in , in an armchair , on the side of which was the door to the emperor 's room . I was mechanically watching the servants who were clearing the table , when on a sudden I heard violent cries from the empress Josephine issue from the emperor 's chamber . The usher of the chamber , thinking she was taken ill , was on the point of opening the door , when I prevented him , observing , that the emperor would call for assistance if he thought it necessary . I was standing close to the door , when the emperor himself opened it , and perceiving me , said quickly “ Come in , Bausset , and shut the door . ” I entered the chamber , and saw the empress Josephine stretched on the carpet , uttering piercing cries and complaints . “ No , I will never survive it , ” said she . Napoleon said to me , “ Are you sufficiently strong to raise Josephine , and to carry her to her apartments by the private staircase , in order that she may receive the care and assistance which she requires ? ” I obeyed , and raised the princess , who , I thought , was seized with a nervous affection . With the aid of Napoleon , I raised her into my arms , and he himself taking a light from the table , opened the door , which , by an obscure passage , led to the little staircase of which he had spoken . When we reached the first step of the staircase , I observed to Napoleon , that it was too narrow for it to be possible for me to descend without the danger of falling . He forthwith called the keeper of the portfolio , who day and night was in attendance at one of the doors of his closet , the entrance to which was on the landing-place of this little staircase . Napoleon gave him the light , of which we had little need , for the passages had become light . He commanded the keeper to go on before , and took himself the legs of Josephine in order to assist me in descending with less difficulty . At one moment , however , I was embarrassed by my sword , and I thought we must have fallen , but fortunately we descended without any accident , and deposited the precious burden on an ottoman in the sleeping-chamber . Napoleon immediately pulled the little bell , and summoned the empress 's women . When I raised the empress in the chamber she ceased to moan , and I thought that she had fainted ; but at the time I was embarrassed by my sword in the middle of the little staircase , of which I have already spoken , I was obliged to hold her firmly to prevent a fall which would have been dreadful to the actors in this melancholy scene . I held the empress in my arms , which encircled her waist , her back rested against my chest , and her hand leaned upon my right shoulder . When she felt the efforts which I made to prevent falling , she said to me in a very low tone , “ You press me too hard . ” I then saw that I had nothing to fear for her health , and that she had not for an instant lost her senses . During the whole of this scene I was wholly occupied with Josephine , whose situation afflicted me ; I had not power to observe Napoleon ; but when the empress 's women had come , he retired into a little room which preceded the sleeping-chamber , and I followed him . His agitation , his inquietude were extreme . In the distress which he felt he made me acquainted with the cause of every thing that had happened , and said to me these words :— “ The interest of France and of my dynasty does violence to my heart — the divorce has become a rigorous duty to me — I am the more afflicted by what has happened to Josephine , because three days ago she must have learned it from Hortensia — the unhappy obligation which condemns me to separate myself from her — I deplore it with all my heart , but I thought she possessed more strength of character , and I was not prepared for the bursts of her grief . ” In fact , the emotion which oppressed him , compelled him to make a long pause between each phrase he uttered , in order to breathe . His words came from him with labour and without connexion ; his voice was tremulous and oppressed , and tears moistened his eyes . It really seemed as if he were beside himself to give so many details to me , who was so far removed from his councils and his confidence . The whole of this transaction did not occupy more than seven or eight minutes . Napoleon immediately went to seek for Corvisart , queen Hortensia , Cambaceres , and Fouch é; and before he returned to his apartment , he assured himself of the condition of Josephine , whom he found more calm and more resigned . I followed him , and after having recovered my hat , which I had thrown on the carpet that my motions might be more free , I retired to the attendance-chamber . To avoid all kinds of commentaries , I said before the pages and the ushers that the empress had been seized with a violent affection of the nerves . Private Anecdotes of Foreign Courts . THE GATHERER . “ I am but a Gatherer and disposer of other men 's stuff . ” — Wotton . STORY OF CINDERELLA . The origin of this nursery tale is sufficiently curious . About the year 1730 , a French actor of equal talent and wealth , named Thevenard , in passing through the streets of Paris , observed upon a cobbler 's stall , the shoe of a female , which struck him by the remarkable smallness of its size . After admiring it for some time , he returned to his house ; but his thoughts reverted to the shoe with such intensity , that he reappeared at the stall the next day ; but the cobbler could give him no other clue to the owner , than that it had been left in his absence , for the purpose of being repaired . Day after day did Thevenard return to his post to watch the re-integration of the slipper , which proceeded slowly ; nor did the proprietor appear to claim it . Although he had completed the sixtieth year of his age , so extravagant became his passion for the unknown fair one , that he became ( were it possible for a Frenchman of that day to be so ) melancholy and miserable . His pain was , however , somewhat appeased by the avatar of the little foot itself , appertaining to a pretty and youthful girl in the very humblest class of life . All distinctions were levelled at once by love : the actor sought the parents of the female , procured their consent to the match , and actually made her his wife . DIVINE WORSHIP . When Archbishop Fenelon was Almoner to Louis XIV . his majesty was astonished one Sunday to find , instead of the usual crowded congregation , only himself and his attendants , the priest , and the other officers of the chapel . “ What is the meaning of this ? ” said the king ; the prelate answered , “ I caused it to be given out , that your majesty did not attend chapel to-day , in order that you might see , who came here to worship God , and who to flatter the king . ” RUSTIC WIT . A poor man , having disposed of the letters of his name , according to his own fancy , upon his tax-cart , was summoned for the offence , and for turning the act of parliament into ridicule , by having the following letters on his tax-cart :— A MOST ODD ACT ON A TAX CART . The poor fellow observed he was no scholar , but his name was Amos Todd , he lived at Acton , and he understood he was obliged to paint the letters , “ A Tax-Cart . ” PROMISES . A young fellow of the Surface school was one day heard to boast that from his continually breaking his promises made to his creditors , they must imagine him to have been brought up in a court :— “ Yes , ” replied a byestander , “ the Insolvent 's Court . ” PHILO . LIMBIRD 'S EDITIONS . Now publishing in numbers , price 3d . each , Embellished with Engravings on Steel . The BEAUTIES of SCOTT , forming the second of a Series of ELEGANT EXTRACTS . VOL . I. comprises The BEAUTIES of BYRON , embellished with Four Engravings , price 3s . 6d . in boards , or half-bound , 4s . 6d . VOL . II . comprises The BEAUTIES of WAVERLEY , GUY MANNERING , and IVANHOE , embellished with Engraving on Steel ; price 3s . 6d . in boards , or half-bound , 4s . 6d . “ The BEAUTIES are selected with great skill , and a nice perception of the excellencies of the author , and altogether compose a most attractive volume . ” — Weekly Times . PLUTARCH 'S LIVES , translated from the Original Greek , with Notes , Critical and Historical , by Dr Langhorne , and William Langhorne , M. A . In 73 Numbers at 2d . each , forming Two Volumes , price 13s in boards , or 16s . half-bound , embellished with Fifty Portraits . COWPER 'S POEMS complete in 12 Numbers , price 3d . each , in boards , 3s . 6d . or half-bound , 4s . 6d . With Eleven Engravings , and a Portrait on Steel . The ARABIAN NIGHTS ’ ENTERTAINMENTS , Embellished with nearly 150 Engravings . Price 6s . 6d . in boards , half-bound , 8s . The TALES of the GENII . Price 2s . COOK 'S VOYAGES . Price only 7s . 6d . in boards , or half-bound 9s . The CABINET of CURIOSITIES : or , WONDERS of the WORLD DISPLAYED . Price 5s . boards . The MICROCOSM . Price 2s . or in boards , 2s . 6d . By the Rt . Hon . G. CANNING , M. P . and other Writers , with a Memoir and Two Portraits . GOLDSMITH 'S ESSAYS . Price 8d . DR. FRANKLIN 'S ESSAYS . Price 1s . 2d . BACON 'S ESSAYS Price 8d . SALMAGUNDI . Price 1s . 8d . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset-House ,) and sold by all Newsmen and Booksellers .