THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 20 , NO . 580 .] SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER . [ PRICE 2d . SPIRIT OF THE ANNUALS FOR 1833 . ST. GOAR , ( on the Rhine .) THE PICTURESQUE ANNUAL . This is certainly one of the most splendid works of the kind ever produced in this or any other country . This is high but not unmerited praise ; as the reader will believe when we tell him , that it contains twenty-six large plates , from drawings by Stanfield , engraved by first-rate artists , and superintended by Mr. Charles Heath . They are all , strictly speaking , PICTURESQUE scenes , chosen with great skill , and with right understanding of the Picturesque . The literary portion consists of Travelling Sketches on the Rhine , and in Belgium , and in Holland , by Mr. Leitch Ritchie . The plates are , of course , intended as illustrations to the letter-press ; but it is too evident , that the latter has been written to the plates . However , that matters not , for the twenty-six engravings are amply worth twenty-one shillings , the cost of the volume . The author 's share is lively and jaunty , and of the most here-and-there description . We only intend to quote the portion accompanying the Engraving on the annexed page . [ 1 ] ST. GOAR , ( on the Rhine ) . “ We now arrived at St. Goar , and the ruins of the castle of Rheinfels : but here the pen gives willing place to the pencil . In the view , the town and river are seen through an arch , in such a way as to convey a complete idea of what we call the Lakes of the Rhine . In entering St. Goar by the gate of the Rhine , a stranger of these every-day times thinks of nothing but being bothered about his passport . It was once very different . A traveller of any consideration , who visited the town for the first time , was asked by the functionary , ‘ Sir , My Lord , or Sir Knight ’ — as it happened — ‘ with what do you please to be baptized , wine or water ? ’ — ‘ With wine , ’ of course was the answer , if the respondent happened to be a man of any kind of good sense or virtuous habits ; and , after being commanded to prepare himself for the ceremony , by giving alms to the poor , he was straightway led by his sponsors to the Fleur de Lys . In this ancient hostelrie , the neophyte was seated amidst the assembled brethren , a brazen crown placed on his head , and the rules of the Order of the Collar read to him . A huge goblet of silver was then presented to him , filled to the lip with wine , and this he was commanded to drain to the health of the Emperor ; a second was emptied to the honour of the Landgrave of Hesse ; and a third gurgled salutation to the company . The same ceremony was gone through by the sponsors ; and the name of the baptized being duly entered in the register of the Order , a second collection was made for the poor , and he was permitted to continue his way into the town . If , instead of wine , the misguided individual desired baptism with water , he was justly punished for the immorality , by a bucket of the insipid element being tumbled over his head . This Order , it is said , had its origin in the reconciliation at St. Goar of the two sons of Charlemagne ; which was doubtless accompanied by much out-pouring of wine , and in memory whereof they hung up at the gates a brazen collar . ” This is the second volume of the Picturesque Annual . The Public are stated , in its preface , to have contributed from ten to twelve thousand guineas to the support of last year 's volume ; and we are inclined to think , that , in his next , the Editor will have the gratification of reporting still more munificent patronage : for , if guineas be somewhat less abundant than twelve months since , the disposition to foster British art , and a liberal appreciation of its merits , has been and is on the increase ; and , though the proverb be somewhat musty , “ Where there is a will , ” & c . [ 1 ] Copied by permission of the Proprietor . THE BOOK OF BEAUTY . [ This is a title of no small pretension . It is in certain respects ill chosen , though it may , in some degree , denote the exquisite triumphs which art has here accomplished . The Illustrations consist of eighteen portraits of every order of beauty , of variety enough to realize Sir Philip Sidney 's aphorism , that “ whatsoever is liked , to the liker is beautiful . ” But here all must be liked ; therefore all are beautiful . The very names would make out a sort of court-roll of Venus , and the book itself the enchanting effect of the goddess ’ embroidered girdle , which had the gift of inspiring love . This charm will doubtless ensure the volume hundreds of possessors . The names of a few of the galaxy will give the reader a faint idea of their charms , unless the reader accord with Juliet 's somewhat peevish “ What 's in a name . ” Thus , we find Julia , the queen of sentimentality ; Belinda , gay and sparkling ; Madeline , the early prey of despair ; Lolah , languishing amid Eastern magnificence ; the Orphan , pencilled in the very simplicity of nature , and finely contrasted with the coquetry of art ; Theresa , the very type of romance ; Geraldine , Meditation , the Bride , and Lucy Ashton . But we must not omit the heroine of our extract — with tall , etherial form , raven ringlets , and pearly eyes — such charms as would attune the wise man to another Song of Beauty . The letter-press of the volume is too in the type of beauty — from the chastely-elegant pen of Miss Landon . It consists of tales and sketches , lights and shadows , such as none but her accomplished pen could tell or harmonize . Here is probably the best illustration —] THE ENCHANTRESS . ( By herself .) You see in me , “ the only living descendant of those Eastern Magi to whom the stars revealed their mysteries , and spirits gave their power . Age after age did sages add to that knowledge which , by bequeathing to their posterity , they trusted would in time combat to conquer their mortality . But the glorious race perished from the earth , till only my father was left , and I his orphan child . Marvels and knowledge paid his life of fasting and study . All the spirits of the elements bowed down before him ; but the future was still hidden from his eyes , and death was omnipotent . His power of working evil had no bounds , but his power of good was limited ; and yet it was good that he desired . How dared he put in motion those mighty changes , which seemed to promise such happiness on earth , while he was ignorant of what their results might be ? and of what avail was the joy he might pour out on life , over whose next hour the grave might close , and only make the parting breath more bitter from the blessings which it was leaving behind ? ” I was no unworthy daughter of such a sire ; I advanced in these divine studies even to his wish , and looked to the future with a hope which many years had deadened in himself , but from which I caught an omen of ultimate success . Alas ! he mastered not his destiny : I have said before , his ashes are in yonder urn . A few unwholesome dews on a summer night were mightier than all his science . For a time I struggled not with despair ; but youth is buoyant , and habit is strong . Again I pored over the mystic scroll — again I called on the spirits with spell and with sign . Many a mystery was revealed , many a wonder grew familiar ; but still death remained at the end of all things , as before . One night I was on the terrace of my tower . Above me was the deep , blue sky , with its stars — worlds filled , perchance , with the intelligence which I sought . On the desert below was the phantasm of a great city . I looked on its small and miserable streets , where hunger and cold reigned paramount , and man was as wretched as if flung but yesterday on the earth , and there had been as yet no time for art to yield its assistance , or labour to bring forth its fruit . I gazed next on scenes of festivity , but they were not glad ; for I looked from the wreath into the head it encircled , and from the carcanet of gems to the heart which beat beneath — and I saw envy , and hate , and repining , and remorse . I turned my last glance on the palace within its walls ; but there the purple was spread as a pall , and the voice of sorrow and the cry of pain were loud on the air . I bade the shadows roll away upon the winds , and rose depressed and in sorrow . I was not alone : one of those glorious spirits , whose sphere was far beyond the power of our science , whose existence we rather surmised than knew ; stood beside me . From that hour a new existence opened before me . I loved , and I was beloved — love , to which imagination gave poetry , and mind gave strength , was the new element added to my being . Alas ! how little do the miserable race to which I belong know of such a feeling . They blend a moment 's vanity , a moment 's gratification , into a temporary excitement , and they call it love . Such are the many , and the many make the wretchedness of earth . And yet your own heart , Leoni , and that of my gentle cousin , may witness for my words , there are such things as truth , and tenderness , and devotion in the world ; and such redeem the darkness and degradation of its lot . Nay , more , if ever the mystery of our destiny be unravelled , and happiness be wrought out of wisdom , it will be the work of love . It matters little to tell you of my blessedness ; but my very heart was filled with the light of those radiant eyes , which were to me what the sun is to the world . Yet one dark shadow rested on my soul , beyond even their influence . Death had been the awful conqueror with whom my race had so often struggled , and to whom they had so often yielded . A mortal , I loved an immortal , and the fear of separation was ever before me ; yet a long and happy time passed away before my fear found words . It was one evening we were floating over the earth , and the crimson cloud on which we lay was the one where the sun 's last look had rested . Its gleam fell on a small nook , while all around was fast melting into shade . Still it was a sad spot which was thus brightened — it was a new made grave . Over the others the long grass grew luxuriantly , and speckled , too , by many small and fragrant flowers ; but on this , the dark-brown earth had been freshly turned up , and the red worm , writhed restlessly about its disturbed habitation . Some roses had been scattered , but they were withered ; their sweet leaves were already damp and discoloured . All wore the present and outward signs of our eternal doom — to perish in corruption . The shadows of the evening fell , deepening the gloom into darkness — the one last , bright ray had long been past , when a youth came from the adjacent valley . That grave but yesterday received one who was to have been his bride — his betrothed from childhood , for whose sake he had been to far lands and gathered much wealth , but who had pined in his absence and died . He flung himself on the loathsome place , and the night-wind bore around the ravings of his despair . Wo for that selfishness which belonged to my mortality ! I felt at that moment more of terror than of pity ! I thought of myself : Thus must I , with all my power , my science , and loved by one into whose sphere death comes not , even thus must I perish ! True , the rich spices , the perfumed woods , the fragrant oils , which would feed the sacred fire of my funeral pyre , would save my mortal remains from that corruption which makes the disgust of death even worse than its dread . A few odoriferous ashes alone would be left for my urn . Yet not the less must I share the common doom of my race — I must die ! “ Nay , my beautiful ! ” said the voice , which was to me as the fiat of life and of death , so utterly did it fill my existence : “ why should we thus yield to a vague terror ? Listen , my beloved ! I know where the waters of the fountains of life roll their eternal waves — I know I can bear you thither and bid you drink from their source , and over lips so hallowed death hath no longer dominion . But , alas ! I know not what may be the punishment . Like yourselves , the knowledge of our race goes on increasing , and our experience , like your own , hath its agonies . None have dared what I am about to dare , and the future of my deed is even to me a secret . But what may not be borne for that draught which makes my loved one as immortal as my love ! ” I gazed on the glorious hope which lighted up his radiant brow , and I said to him , “ Give me an immortality which must be thine . ” Worlds rolling on worlds lay beneath our feet when we stood beside the waters of life . A joyful pride swelled in my heart . I , the last and the weakest of my race , had won that prize which its heroes and its sages had found too mighty for their grasp . A sound , as of a storm rushing over ocean , startled me when I stooped to drink , the troubled waves rose into tumultuous eddies , their fiery billows parted , and from amid them appeared the dark and terrible Spirit of Necessity . The cloud of his awful face grew deeper as it turned on me . “ Child of a sinful and a fallen kind ! ” said he , and he spoke the language most familiar to my ear , which yet sounded like that of another world , “ who have ever measured by their own small wisdom that which is infinite — drink , and be immortal ! Be immortal , without the wisdom or the power belonging unto immortality . Drink ! ” I shrunk from the starry waters as they rose to my lip , but a power stronger than my will compelled me to their taste . The draught ran through my veins like ice . Slowly I turned to where my once-worshipped lover was leaning . The same change had passed over both . Our eyes met , and each looked into the other 's heart , and there dwelt hate — bitter , loathing , and eternal hate . I had changed my nature ; I was no longer the gentle , up-looking mortal he had loved . I had changed my nature ; he was no longer to me the one glorious and adored being . We gazed on each other with fear and abhorrence . The dark power , whose awful brow was fixed upon us like Fate , again was shrouded in the kindling waters . By an impulse neither could control , the Spirit and I flung ourselves down the steep , blue air , but apart and each muttering , “ Never ! never ! ” And that word “ never ” told our destiny . Never could either feel again that sweet deceit of happiness , which , if it be a lie , is worth all truth . Never more could each heart be the world of the other . Our feelings are as little in our power as the bodily structure they animate . My love had been sudden , uncontrollable , and born not of my own will — and such was my hate . As little could I master the sick shudder his image now called up , as I could the passionate beating of the heart it had once excited . I stood alone in my solitary hall — I gazed on the eternal fire burning over the tomb of my father , and I wished it were burning over mine . For the first time I felt the limitations of humanity . The desire of my race was in me accomplished — I was immortal ! and what was this immortality ? A dark and measureless future . Alas ! we had mistaken life for felicity ! What was my knowledge ? it only served to show its own vanity ; what was my power , when its exercise only served to work out the decrees of an inexorable necessity ? I had parted myself from my kind , but I had not acquired the nature of a spirit . I had lost of humanity but its illusions , and they alone are what render it supportable . The mystic scrolls over which I had once pored with such intenseness , were now flung aside ; what could they teach me ? Time was to me but one great vacancy ; how could I fill it up , who had neither labour nor excitement ? I set me down mournfully , and thought of the past . Why , when love is perished , should its memory remain ? I had said to myself , so long as I have life , one deep feeling must absorb my existence . A change — and that too of my own earnest seeking — had passed over my being ; and the past , which had been so precious , was now as a frightful phantasm . The love which alters , in its inconstancy may set up a new idol , and worship again with a pleasant blindness ; but the love which leaves the heart with a full knowledge of its own vanity and nothingness ,— which saith , The object of my passion still remains , but it is worthless in my sight — never more can I renew my early feeling — I marvel how I ever could have loved — I loathe , I disdain the weakness of my former self ;— ah , the end of such love is indeed despair ! “ Do you mark yonder black marble slab , which is spread as over a tomb ? It covers the most silvery fountain that ever mirrored the golden light of noon , or caught the fall of the evening dew , in an element bright as themselves . The radiant likeness of a spirit rests on those waters . I bade him give duration to the shadow he flung upon the wave , that I might gaze on it during his absence . The first act of my immortality was to shut it from my sight . There must that black marble rest for ever . ” [ By the way , the ancients are excellent judges of beauty . Socrates calls beauty ( we dare not use the contemptible it ,) a short-lived tyranny : Xenophon says “ Fire burns only when we are near it ; but a beautiful face burns and inflames , though at a distance : Plato calls beauty a privilege of nature : Theophrastus ( arch fellow ,) a silent cheat : Theocritus , ( cunning elf ,) a delightful prejudice ; Carneades , a solitary kingdom , ( which he doubtless would keep to himself ): Domitian says that nothing is more grateful , ( not even killing flies ) ; Aristotle affirms that beauty is better than all the letters of recommendation in the world : Homer , that it is a glorious gift of nature ; and Ovid calls beauty a favour bestowed by the gods , which this same Ovid shows the gods to have been jealous of among mortals . ” Certainly the moderns do not wage war for a beautiful woman , as did the ancients : we fear they would rather fight for an old castle . To conclude , if , as Steele tells us , “ to make happy is the true empire of beauty ; ” why , buy the Book of Beauty , to be sure .] THE COMIC OFFERING MISS SHERIDAN presents us with her third volume of ladye mirth , as heretofore , over-flowing with fun and patter , and sprinkled with some sixty or seventy Cuts — many of them , to use a critical term , of “ spirited design . ” Probably , the most humorous tale among the fifty is — THE FLYBEKINS , OR THE FIRE-ESCAPE . The Flybekins were distant connexions of the great Lord B ., living “ genteelly ” in the west of England : and Mr. and Mrs. Flybekin were the only adult members of the family at the period of the incident which gave rise to this anecdote . It happened once that these “ country cousins ” were possessed with an uncontrollable desire to enter within the hitherto unapproached circle of London fashion and gaiety in which their noble relatives moved with such distinction . Every thing was propitious in furtherance of the meditated scheme : the spring was approaching , London filling , the country emptying , and the children could all go to school . A few weeks “ in Town , just to see what was going on , ” would be fully worth the journey , especially as it would afford an opportunity for them to commence an acquaintance with their magnificent relation . And as the boys were growing up , it might be serviceable to their interests to tighten the bonds of connexion a little , which had , from lapse of time , and want of intercourse , become somewhat loosened . There is an old saying — “ where there is a will , there is always a way . ” — In a short time Mr. and Mrs. Flybekin , being bent on the measure , argued themselves into a belief of the projected visit being nothing short of an imperative moral duty . When matters had gone thus far , a hint was dropped in the drawing-room , which immediately reached the “ domestic department , ” and very soon spread through the village ,— as the smallest stone falling into water creates successive circles around the spot where it fell , each increasing in circumference . Accordingly , the Flybekins were the centre of attraction on the following Sunday , after morning service . Hearty congratulations , and ardent wishes for a pleasant trip , with various commissions , pressed upon them . The newest fashions were promised to be brought down , and the village milliner looked forward to a glorious triumph over all her rivals in the trade about the country . The happy pair were on the pinnacle of provincial glory ; he was expected to return with the true state of foreign affairs , and the nation , from the intercourse he would enjoy with the peer ; she was expected to import news of operas , plays , music , novels , writers , balls , routs , drawing-rooms and dresses , from her intercourse with the peeress . In all the pleasure to which they looked forward there was but one draw-back , viz . a most extraordinary dread of London fires at night : and this originated in the frequent occurrence in their county paper of paragraphs headed “ Another alarming conflagration : many lives lost ! ” — put in either to aid the Insurance office , or fill the paper . As our rustic pair had never visited the metropolis , they did not know but Leadenhall Street and Hyde Park , Lambeth and Portland Place , might all be close neighbours ; therefore , however distant the different fires might be , they fancied they all occurred nearly in the same place ; and from the time Mr. and Mrs. Flybekins resolved to visit Town , scarcely a night passed in which they did not start in terror from their dreams , screaming “ Fire , Fire ! ” All was hurry and preparation at “ the Lodge , ” until the anticipated arrival of the “ Barnstaple Sociable , ” one morning at the door , summoned the ambitious pair , and on the fourth day of their departure from Devonshire , they were duly set down at the White Horse Cellar , for road-making had not then received the magic touch of Macadam . The next day was occupied in searching for , and entering , suitable lodgings ; and the following day , having hired a carriage , which their unpractised eyes considered most elegant in style and equipment , they sallied forth , armed with a card-case , and a long list of commissions , the practised horses going at the full rate of six miles an hour . A friendly and familiar visit over , to some Devonshire friends in Devonshire Place , they essayed next to discharge the now almost dreaded call of state ; for that which , contemplated at a distance , imparted joy and hope , when at hand possessed something of awe mingled with these feelings . Arrived in Grosvenor-square , after sidling along the gutter close by the foot pavement , the distance of two or three houses , and with a little preliminary tug of the reins , the coachman drew up opposite the door of No . ——. Two powdered lackeys in rich livery were peering through the long narrow windows on each side of the door , and anticipated the intention of the diminutive , bandy footman , of knocking , ( that is , if he could have reached the knocker .) To the question of “ Lord and Lady B. at home ? ” a negative answer was delivered ; they were gone to the country , but were expected back to dinner . A card was then handed in , inscribed in the neatest , spider-pattern handwriting of Mrs. Flybekin : and they drove off to pursue the agreeable pastime of shopping and going through part of the list of commissions , vivenda and agenda , with which they were provided . As the Flybekins drove along the streets , the words “ PATENT FIRE-ESCAPES , ” in large letters , upon the front of a tall house , attracted their attention , and roused all their latent fears of London fires , with accounts of which the newspapers so frequently teemed . A fire-escape would impart security to sleep , and might be taken down into the country . Accordingly the check string was pulled , the manufactory entered , the machines inspected , an economical one selected by each : and in an hour after their arrival at home to dinner , the fire-escapes were duly mounted in one of the front bed-room windows . Their evening meal being finished at the barbarous hour of nine , the Flybekins began to yawn over the events of the past day , and the prospective engagements of the morrow . The excitements of the morning in the crowded London streets , had completely tired the rustic couple , who being susceptible of no farther excitement , sought repose at this early hour , and were both soon wrapt in deep sleep . Leaving them to enjoy their repose , we return to Grosvenor-square . The noble pair returned to a family dinner , and on entering the house , read , with strained eyeballs , the card deposited that morning by the Flybekins , and with some such an expression of countenance as one may be supposed to assume in discovering something in a drawer more than was anticipated . “ Umph ! ” said the peer , “ the Flybekins in town ! what could have brought them up so far from the country ? ” “ Something that will not detain them long , I hope ; ” dryly answered Lady B . “ Yet , we must take some notice of these country cousins , ” said the peer : “ Let us invite them to a family dinner . ” “ Well , if we must , ” — said the Countess shrugging her shoulders — and with that the subject dropped for the time . Now it is quite clear that however brilliant might have been the prospects of the Flybekins , the peer and his lady wished them any where but in London ; and , rather than invite them to Grosvenor-square to dinner , the former would have been glad to be let off with a writership for one of the sons in India . Their carriage was ordered at ten , to convey them to the Duchess of R .' s party , and Lord B. proposed to make a friendly call upon their relations before waiting on Her Grace . Accordingly thither they drove , accompanied by two footmen bearing flaming flambeaux , the custom of the great in those days , when the town was not so well lighted as in the present age . The signs of this custom are indeed still to be seen in the extinguishers attached to the railings in front of many houses , which served for the footmen to extinguish their lights . Meantime the Flybekins slept on , not dreaming of the honour intended them , and were as sound asleep as Duncan in Macbeth 's castle , when a long thundering rap at the door startled them amid their slumbers . The diminutive , bandy footman had gone home with the coachman and horses , the landlady and her family had followed the example of the lodgers ; and before any one could rise to unbar and open the door , to ascertain the cause of such an unusual alarm , a second louder and longer rap had been made upon it , and which awoke the sleepers to an instinctive idea that the house was on fire ; a notion confirmed by the strong glare of red light reflected against their windows , and illuminating the apartment , as the footmen impatiently shook thousands of sparks from the flambeaux . As Bonaparte observed upon another occasion , “ From the sublime to the ridiculous is but one step . ” So it was with the Flybekins . From the most sublime repose they hurried into the ridiculous fire-escapes , in the full conviction that the lower part of the house was on fire ; and without waiting to dress , or inquire into the real state of affairs , they gave the signal-word “ Now ! ” and both descended in all the freshness of their fears to the pavement before the door ! The wondering lord and lady , and still more wondering footmen , glared upon the apparition before them with the most inexplicable amazement , totally at a loss to conceive the cause of such a novel reception . The terrified pair were , like Othello , “ perplexed in the extreme , ” when they found themselves , instead of being in the confusion of a fire , deposited beneath the windows of a magnificent carriage , attended by footmen with white torches , and a full dressed lady and gentleman inquiring after them , and the meaning of the extraordinary descent . A few minutes served to explain the mal à propos mistake ; the detected pair sought refuge in the hall of the house , with some such feeling as our first parents experienced when they had tasted the fatal apple in the garden of Eden . The carriage rolled away with the tittering coachman and footmen , and the ill-suppressed mirth of their master and mistress , who quickly disseminated the story throughout the fashionable throng of the party whither they were bent , and which remained for the rest of the season a standing joke wherever Lord and Lady B. appeared . Humbled and confused , the unhappy Flybekins could not retrieve the blunder they had committed , and prudently resigned all their ambitious schemes . So they returned to Devonshire with the unlucky fire-escapes , sincerely regretting they had ever been tempted to purchase them . But , although the disaster had got wind , and with various versions had reached even into Devonshire , they were much consoled by the following narration of it which appeared in the county paper , in a light most favourable to their interests and reputation , although totally devoid of truth in almost every particular . The flaming paragraph ran thus :— “ We understand that Mr. and . Mrs. Flybekin of ——— in this county , while upon a visit to their noble relatives , Lord and Lady B. in London , narrowly escaped being burnt to death . The devouring element almost destroyed the lower part of the family mansion in Grosvenor-square , over which the lady and gentleman slept , who had retired early to bed , and who by the accidental return of Lord and Lady B. from a party , were awakened only just in time to effect their retreat by means of a fire-escape , fortunately attached to their bed-room window . We are informed that the fire occurred in consequence of the footmen , appointed to sit up for their master and mistress , having fallen asleep , leaving a lighted candle in the room . Mr. and Mrs. Flybekin escaped , with the loss of all their clothes but what they hurried on in the confusion , and were conveyed to a neighbouring hotel by their noble relatives , where they received succour for the night . ” But unhappily for the Flybekins , the naked truth at length forced its way into Devonshire , and the true statement of the matter was circulated as above related , and now handed down to their posterity . Thus , the best version of their story only placed them , “ out of the fire into the frying pan , ” and the unlucky fire-escapes merely saved them from the fear of being badly burnt , in order that they might all the rest of their lives be well roasted ! There is considerable humour and ingenuity in the following lines , introducing the names of London booksellers , and their nominal fitness for publishing certain books :— “ WHAT 'S IN A NAME ? ” Long hail ! to Longman , and his longer Co ., Pride of our city 's Pater Noster Row ; Thy trade forego in novel trash romantic , And treat the world to something more gigantic . Let Underwood all essays sell on trees , On shrubs , or growth of brushwood if he please ; All works on brewing leave to Mr. Porter ,— To Boosey — temperance , for his firm supporter . Leave to friend Bull all works on horned cattle , While Reid will teach the youthful mind to prattle ; Give Bohn — anatomy ; give Mason sculpture ; Gardiner 's engrafted upon horticulture . For valuation-tables on the price of laud , Why should we seek , since Byfield is at hand ; For works on draining either bog or fen , In Marsh and Moore we have a choice of men . Give Sherwood tales of merry men , who stood — Firm to their robbing — around Robin Hood . Ogle takes optics ,— Miller , works on grain ,— Ridgway , on railroads ,— Surgery with Payne . Hail ! Pic-a-dilly Hatchard , thy vocation Should be prolific , for ‘ tis incubation ; Thy pious care brought Egley into note , And still on Gosling some folks say you dote . But to my plan .— To make the dull ones plod well , Books for the use of schools , give Mr. Rodwell ; And works on painting should you ever lack , You need but brush to either Grey or Black . From Cowie works on vaccination fetch , Pedestrian tours from Walker , or from Stretch ; And if in search of wonders you should range , Where can you seek them better than from Strange . The suff'ring climbing boys our pity claim , To aid their interest — Suttaby , I 'd name ; And as they 're oft of churchyard-terrors slaves , Print works to cure them , O ! Moon , Boys , and Graves . For plans of bridges Arch would be the best ; For stairs and steps on Banister I 'd rest ; All that relates to church or chapel holy , I vote that such be Elder 's business solely . Sustenance on diet surely ought to treat ; Joy gives us human happiness complete : Tilt will all works on tournament enhance , The law — Oh ! that of course I leave to Chance , Priestly and Chappell may divide theology , Hookham and Roach the angling and ichthyology ; And for Phrenology , what need of rumpus , One for his Nob will do — so take it , Bumpus ! SPINNING-WHEEL SONG . BY MISS MITFORD . Fair Janet sits beside her wheel ; No maiden better knew To pile upon the circling reel An even thread and true ; But since for Rob she ‘ gan to pine , She twists her flax in vain ; ‘ Tis now too coarse ,— and now too fine ,— And now — ‘ tis snapt in twain ! Robin , a bachelor profest , At love and lovers laughs , And o'er the bowl with reckless jest , His pretty spinster quaffs ; Then , whilst all sobbing , Janet cries “ She scorns the scornful swain ! ” With angry haste her wheel she plies , And — snaps the thread again ! [ The Publishers have obligingly enabled us to present the reader with three of the smartest Cuts . The fun of these Cuts requires neither note nor comment . Altogether , we may recommend the Offering as a really comic companion .] ( Dandy Lion .) ( Pursuit of knowledge under difficulties .) Bob in for Eels . THE AMULET Is decidedly an improvement upon former years , and , taken altogether , plates , prose , and poetry , is the best book of the present season . The Editor , Mr. Hall , has judiciously maintained the original feature of his plan — that of “ considering attractive tales and beautiful poems , however , essential to the interest and variety of the volume , as secondary to that which conveyed information and led to improvement . ” He then proceeds to enumerate a few of the papers to which he particularly refers , which have appeared in former volumes of the Amulet ; as Dr. Walsh 's Essay on Coins and Medals , illustrating the progress of Christianity : accounts of the American Christians at Constantinople , and of the Chaldean Christians , and a visit to Nic æ a , by the same author : the Rev . Robert Hall 's Essay on Poetry and Philosophy : Mr. Coleridge 's Travels in Germany : An Essay on French Oaths , by Miss Edgeworth : the Rev . W. S . Gilly 's Narrative of the Albigenses : Mr. Ellis 's Account of the Austral Islands : Dr. Walsh 's Account of the Aborigines of Canada ; and Mr. Macfarlane 's Visit to the Seven Churches of Asia Minor . These papers are entitled to special mention , and we think the Editor justified in his estimate of them . In the volume for the present year we have two contributions of this class ; an Essay on Sneezing , a learned paper , by Dr. Walsh ; and the following HISTORY OF THE HOLY CROSS . [ 2 ] By Lord Mahon . The supposed discovery of a religious relic , and the miracles attending it , are events so common in Roman Catholic legends as to deserve but little attention , even on the ground of curiosity ; but the real changes and vicissitudes of one of these relics , for twelve centuries after its discovery , may perhaps excite some interest , more especially as its singular adventures , very distant in time , and recorded by different writers , have never yet been brought together , and formed into one connected narrative . In the reign of the Emperor Constantine the Great , his mother Helena , when almost an octogenarian , undertook a pilgrimage to Jerusalem . Her pious zeal was particularly directed to the search of the holy sepulchre , and of the cross on which Jesus Christ had suffered ; and , according to her own judgment : at least , she was successful in both . A vision , or perhaps a dream , disclosed the place of the Holy Sepulchre ; the three crosses were found buried near it , and that of the Saviour is said to have been distinguished from the others by its healing powers on the sick , and even restoring a corpse to life . This discovery caused great and general rejoicing throughout Christendom . [ 3 ] The spot was immediately consecrated by a church , called the New Jerusalem , and of such magnificence that the celebrated Eusebius is strongly inclined to look upon its building as the fulfilment of the prophecies in the Scriptures for a city of that name . [ 4 ] A verse of the sibyl was also remembered or composed , which , like all predictions after the event , tallied in a surprising manner with the holy object so happily revealed . The greater share of the Cross was left at Jerusalem , set in a case of silver , and the remainder was sent to Constantine , who , in hopes of securing the prosperity and duration of his empire , enclosed it within his own statue on the Byzantine Forum . The pilgrims also , who thronged to Jerusalem during a long course of years , were always eager , and often successful , in obtaining a small fragment of the cross for themselves ; so that at length , according to the strong expression of St. Cyril , the whole earth was filled with this sacred wood . Even at present , there is scarcely a Roman Catholic cathedral which does not display some pretended pieces of this relic ; and it has been computed , with some exaggeration , that were they all collected together , they might prove sufficient for building a ship of the line . To account for this extraordinary diffusion of so limited a quantity , the Catholic writers have been obliged to assert its preternatural growth and vegetation , which the saint already quoted ingeniously compares to the miracle of the loaves and fishes . [ 5 ] That the guardians of this cross at Jerusalem should have had recourse to such evident and undoubted falsehood , should , I think , very much increase our doubts whether the Cross itself was genuine , and whether the old age and credulity of Helena , may not have been grossly imposed upon . Where we see one fraud , we may justly suspect another . From this period , however , the history of this fragment of wood may be clearly and accurately traced during the twelve succeeding centuries . In spite of its frequent partitions , the Holy Cross , say the monkish writers , thus remained undiminished at Jerusalem , receiving the homage of innumerable pilgrims , until the year 614 , when that city was besieged and taken by the Persians . Their barbarous fanaticism reduced to ruins or burnt to the ground nearly all the sacred buildings , and made a great slaughter of the Christians , in which they are said to have been actively assisted by the resident Jews . [ 6 ] The bishop and the relic in question were removed into Persia , and continued in that country fourteen years , until the victories of the Emperor Heraclius led to an honourable peace , in which the restoration of this most precious treasure was expressly stipulated . During its captivity it had happily escaped the pollution of infidel hands ; the case which contained it was brought back , unopened , to Jerusalem , and Heraclius himself undertook a journey in order to replace it in its former station on Mount Calvary . The prelude to this religious ceremony was a general massacre of the Jews , which the emperor had long withstood , but at length granted to the earnest and renewed entreaties of the monks of Alsik . The fact itself , and all its details , are so disgraceful to the parties concerned , that I would gladly reject it as false or overcharged , did it not rest on the authority of a patriarch of Alexandria . [ 7 ] Heraclius then , attended by a solemn procession , but laying aside his diadem and purple , bore the Cross on his own shoulders towards the holy sepulchre . An officer was appointed to its peculiar care , with the title of STAUROPHULAX ; [ 8 ] and the anniversary of this event , the 14th September , is still celebrated in the Greek Church as a festival , under the name of the Exaltation of the Cross . The relic did not long continue in the place to which the valour and piety of Heraclius had restored it , but was doomed to undergo still further vicissitudes of fortune . Only eight years afterwards ( A. D. 636 ,) an army of Arabs , the new and fervent proselytes of Mahomet , invaded Palestine . At the battle of Yermuck , the imperial forces were totally routed , and Heraclius , downcast and dismayed , returned to Constantinople , bearing with him , as a source of consolation , the invaluable fragment , whose alleged miraculous powers were never exerted for its own protection . [ 9 ] It is rarely that , when a sovereign despairs of success , his subjects have the courage ( it would , perhaps , be termed the disloyal presumption ) to prolong their resistance ; but the inhabitants of Jerusalem were animated by religious zeal and local associations , and did not , till after a doubtful siege of several months , yield the holy city to the Saracens . The event soon justified the prudent foresight of Heraclius in removing the Cross from the danger of Mahometan masters . The Caliph of Omar experienced some difficulties in the construction of a mosque at Jerusalem : he immediately supposed those difficulties to be supernatural , and , by the advice of the Jews , destroyed a great number of the neighbouring crosses ; so that it seems certain that the wood of the real crucifixion could still less have escaped the effects of his ignorant fanaticism . [ 10 ] At Constantinople , on the contrary , it was preserved with the utmost veneration in the metropolitan church of St. Sophia , and the honours paid to it are attested and described by the father of English historians . [ 11 ] Never , but on the three most solemn festivals of the year , was its costly case unclosed . On the first day , it received the adoration of the emperor and principal officers of state ; on the next , the empress and chief ladies repeated the same ceremony ; and the bishops and clergy were admitted on the third . While exposed to view on the altar , a grateful odour pervaded the whole church , and a fluid resembling oil distilled from the knots in the wood , of which the least drop was thought sufficient to cure the most inveterate disease . This precious fluid is also mentioned by Pope Gregory , the Great , in one of his letters to Leontius . “ I have received your present , ” writes the Pope , “ some oil of the Holy Cross and some wood of aloes , of which the one confers blessing by its very touch , and the other , when burnt , diffuses a pleasant perfume . "[ 12 ] In a period of several centuries , during which this relic remained at Constantinople we find it occasionally mentioned in the annals of the time . It was on the Holy Cross that Heracleonas swore to cherish and defend his nephew ; [ 13 ] it was to the same fragment that the son of Justinian the Second clung for protection , in the revolution which hurled his father from the throne ; [ 14 ] and we might entertain more respect for the superstition of the Greeks , if the supposed sanctity of this relic had produced either the observance of the oath , or the safety of the suppliant . At length , in the year 1078 , the object of this narrative recommenced its travels . A wealthy citizen of Amalfi , whose name is not recorded , had long felt a wish to exchange active life for the cloister , and had selected the monastery of Casinum as the place of his future retirement . Being present in the Eastern capital during the tumultuous deposition of Michael the Seventh , he perceived in the general confusion a favourable opportunity for appropriating this precious fragment to himself . His zeal did not forget at the same time to secure the golden case , richly embossed with jewels , which contained it , and both were laid as a welcome offering before the shrine of St. Benedict , at Casinum . [ 15 ] The good fathers must have felt no little pride when strangers beheld , in their secluded and obscure retreat , a relic which a long succession of the most illustrious princes had gloried in possessing . The next place to which we can trace the Cross is Palestine , during the crusades , to which it had doubtless been conveyed for the purpose of restoring it to its more ancient and appropriate station , at Jerusalem . In , that country it was exposed to frequent hazards , as the crusaders appear to have been in the habit of bearing it in the van of their armies , when marching against the Mussulmans , hoping by its presence amongst them to secure the victory . One of their battles against the forces of Saladin by no means fulfilled their expectations , and in the course of it the sacred relic itself was unfortunately severed ; one half of it being captured by the enemy , and most probably destroyed . [ 16 ] This untoward accident , however , by no means impaired their veneration for the remaining fragment ; and , at the commencement of the thirteenth century , it is again recorded as taking the field with the King of Hungary and the Duke of Austria . [ 17 ] From these it passed into the hands of their brother crusaders , the Latin sovereigns of Constantinople ; and thus , by a singular train of circumstances , a change of dynasty restored this precious relic to the people which had so long enjoyed its possession . It does not , however , appear to have received the full measure of its ancient veneration , and a new Crown of Thorns , alleged to be that of the passion , held at this period a far higher rank with the public . In the year 1238 , the pressure of poverty and impending ruin compelled the Emperor Baldwin the Second , to sell what the piety of St. Louis , King of France , induced him as eagerly to purchase . [ 18 ] A very considerable sum was given in exchange for the holy wood and on its arrival in Paris , it was deposited by King Louis in a chapel which he built on this occasion . There , the Cross remained for above three hundred years , until at length , on the 20th of May , 1575 , it disappeared from its station . The most anxious researches failed in tracing the robber , or recovering the spoil , and the report which accused King Henry the Third of having secretly sold it to the Venetians may be considered as a proof of the popular animosity rather than of royal avarice . [ 19 ] To appease in some degree the loud and angry murmurs of his subjects , Henry , the next year , on Easter day , announced that a new Cross had been prepared for their consolation , of the same shape , size , and appearance as the stolen relic , and asserted , most probably with perfect truth , that in Divine powers , or claim to religious worship , it was but little inferior to its model . “ The people of Paris , ” says Estoile , an eye-witness of this transaction , “ being very devout , and easy of faith on such subjects ” ( he is speaking of the sixteenth century ,) “ gratefully hailed the restoration of some tangible and immediate object for their prayers . ” Of the original fragment I can discern no further authentic trace ; and here , then , it seems to have ended its long and adventurous career . Before I conclude , I ought , perhaps , to make some mention of the pretended nails of the passion , which were obtained by Constantine the Great at the same time with the cross . He melted a part of them into a helmet for himself ; and the other part was converted into a bridle for his horse , in supposed obedience to a prophetic text of Zechariah : “ In that day shall there be upon the bells ( bridles ) of the horses , holiness unto the Lord . "[ 20 ] Yet , though the helmet alone might appear to have required all the nails which could possibly be employed in a crucifixion , it is not unusual in southern Europe to meet with fragments of old iron , for which the same sacred origin is claimed . Thus , for instance , at Catania , in Sicily , I have seen one of these nails , which is believed to possess miraculous powers , and exhibited only once a year with great solemnity . There is another in a private oratory of the Escurial ; and I was surprised in observing in the same case a relic of Sir Thomas à Becket . All the nails , from the time of Constantine , are rejected as spurious by Cardinal Baronius ; [ 21 ] yet a former Pope had expressed his belief in their authenticity ; [ 22 ] and the ingenious idea of miraculous vegetation might have been easily applied to them . But to trace the other parts of this real or fabulous history , and more especially their insertion in the Iron crown of Lombardy , would require , though scarcely deserve , a separate essay . [ 2 ] Read before the Royal Society of Literature , but since altered by the author . [ 3 ] For the discovery of the cross , compare Theodoret , lib . i. c. 18 ; Socrates , lib . i. c. 17 ; and Sozomen , lib . ii . c. 1 , & c . [ 4 ] De Vita Constant , lib . iii . c. 33 . [ 5 ] St. Cyril ap . Baronium , Annal . Eccles . A. D. 326 , No . 50 . One whole epistle of St. Paulinis of Nola ( the eleventh ) is also devoted to this subject . [ 6 ] The participation of the Jews is positively asserted by Eutychius ( Annal . vol . ii . p. 212 ,) but doubted by Theophanes ( Chronograph , p. 252 :) [ Greek : os phasi tines ] , are his words . [ 7 ] Eutychius , Annal , vol . ii . p. 242-247 . [ 8 ] Ducange , Gloss . Med . Graec ., p. 1437 . [ 9 ] Theophanes , Chronograph . p. 280 . [ 10 ] Baronius , Annal . Eccles . A. D. 643 . No . 1-4 . [ 11 ] Bede , Op . vol . iii . p. 370 . Ed . Colon . Agripp . 1688 . [ 12 ] Epist , lib . 7. indict , i. ep . 34 . [ 13 ] Nicephor . Constantinopolit . p. 20 . [ 14 ] Theophanes , Chronograph . p. 318 . [ 15 ] Chronicon Casinense , lib . iii . c. 55 . [ 16 ] There is some account of its recovery by a Genoese , but it is clouded with miracles . He walked over the sea , as over dry land , & c. See Muraturi , Dissert . 58. vol . v. p. 10 , ed . 1741 . [ 17 ] See Raynaldus , Aunual . Eccles . A. D. 1217 , No . 39 , and Pagi , Critic . A. D. 1187 , No . 4 . [ 18 ] See Dupleix , Historic de France , vol . ii . p. 257. ed . 1634 . The original authority is Nangis ( Annales de St. Louis , p. 174. ed . 1761 .) Rigord , who speaks of the sale of this relic to Philip Augustus , appears to be guilty of a fable or anachronism , in which he was follow by Raynaldus , Annal . Eccles . A. D. 1205 , No . 60 . [ 19 ] See L'Estoile , Journal de Henri III ., vol . i. p. 125 , 161 , ed . 1744 . [ 20 ] Zech . ch . xiv . ver . 20 . [ 21 ] Annal . Eccles . A. D. 326 . No . 54 . [ 22 ] See a Letter from Innocent VI . ap . Raynald Annal . Eccles . A. D. 1354 . No . 18 . To this class likewise belongs a Pilgrimage to the Holy Sepulchre , from the accomplished pen of Contarini Fleming . The lighter papers are tinged with a high moral feeling ; and we do not think that better evidence will be found than in the following of Mrs. Hall 's contributions . THE TRIALS OF GRACE HUNTLEY . This tale occupies nearly fifty pages . It so teems with moral pathos and touching beauty , that we are at a loss to abridge it throughout so as to preserve that acquaintance with the finest feelings of our nature , which marks every page with sterling value . We , therefore , only adopt the conclusion , and attempt a leading thread of the story . Grace is the daughter of a village schoolmaster . She loves “ not wisely , but too well , ” “ Joseph Huntley , the handsomest youth in the retired village of Craythorpe . ” The father consents to their union . The real character of the husband appears early ; his fond love soon dwindles to painful neglect : how truly does the writer observe , “ the rapidity with which love may glide from the heart of man is a moral phenomenon for which it would puzzle philosophers to account . The brief space of a few months not unfrequently converts the devoted into the unkind , or to a delicate mind still worse — the neglectful husband . ” The wayward Huntley breaks off church-going ; he refuses Grace his company , and we find her first solitary walk since her marriage thus touchingly referred to : “ almost every tree certainly every stile she passed — was hallowed by some remembrance connected with the playmate of her childhood — the lover of her early youth — the husband of her affections . ” When , she looked on the dew dancing amid the delicate tracery of the field spider 's web — when the joyous whistle of the gay blackbird broke upon her ear — gazing silently on all that was really fresh and beautiful in nature — she felt that , instead of warming , it fell chilly upon her heart . And yet all was as usual — the bright sun , and the smiling landscape . Why , then , was she less cheerful ? She was alone ! No one she loved was by her side , to whom to say , “ How beautiful ! ” Joseph gets into debt , and upon Grace offering to sacrifice a favourite article of dress to enable him to keep a “ promise to pay , ” we find the following exquisite paragraph : “ there is something so commanding , so holy , in virtue , that , though the wicked may not imitate , they cannot withhold from it their admiration . ” As Huntley looked upon his wife , he thought she never appeared so lovely . Some of the affection of earlier and purer years returned warmly to his heart ; and as he kissed her , words of happier import broke from his lips — “ God bless you , Grace ! I am a sad scoundrel , and that 's the truth . ” Joseph deserts her , and in less than eight years after their marriage , her little family are entirely dependent upon her for support . The husband returns , and sets the eldest boy to rob his mother ; the villany of the father is reproved by Grace , meekly but firmly . Joseph takes the boy under his guidance , and becoming acquainted with “ John and Sandy Smith , ( two poachers ,) who lived together in a wretched hut on the skirt of Crayton Common , ” he soon initiates the little fellow into crime . After a storming quarrel with his wife — That night , as latterly had been his custom , he sallied forth about eight o'clock , leaving his home and family without food or money . The children crowded round their mother 's knee to repeat their simple prayers , and retired , cold and hungry , to bed . It was near midnight ere her task was finished ; and then she stole softly into her chamber , having first looked upon and blessed her treasures . Her sleep was of that restless heavy kind which yields no refreshment . Once she was awakened by hearing her husband shut the cottage-door ; again she slept , but started from a horrid dream — or was it indeed reality ! and had her husband and her son Abel quitted the dwelling together ? She sprang from her bed , and felt on the pallet — Gerald was there ; again she felt — she called — she passed into the next room — “ Abel , Abel , my child ! as you value your mother 's blessing speak ! ” There was no reply . A dizzy sickness almost overpowered her senses . Was her husband 's horrid threat indeed fulfilled ? and had he so soon taken their child as his participator in unequivocal sin ? She opened the door , and looked out upon the night ; it was cold and misty , and her sight could not penetrate the gloom . The chill fog rested upon her face like the damps of the grave . She attempted to call again upon her son , but her powers of utterance were palsied — her tongue quivered — her lips separated yet there came forth no voice , no sound to break the silence of oppressed nature . Her eyes moved mechanically towards the heavens — they were dark as the earth ; had God deserted her ?— would he deny one ray , one little ray of light , to lead her to her child ? Why did the moon cease to shine , and the stars withhold their brightness ? Should she never again behold her boy , her first-born ? Her heart swelled , and beat within her bosom . She shivered with intense agony , and leaned her throbbing brow against the door-post , to which she had clung for support . Her husband 's words rang in her ears — “ One by one shall your children be taken from you to serve my purposes ! ” Through the dense fog she fancied that he glared upon her in bitter hatred — his deep-set eyes flashing with demoniac fire , and his smile , now extending , now contracting , into all the varied expressions of triumphant malignity ! She pressed her hand on her eyes to shut out the horrid vision , and , a prayer , a simple prayer , rose to her lips . Like oil upon the troubled waters , it soothed and composed her spirit . She could not arrange , or even remember , a form of words ; but she repeated , again and again , the emphatic appeal , “ Lord , save me , I perish ! ” until she felt sufficient strength to enable her to look again into the night . As if hope had set its beacon in the sky , calmly and brightly the moon was now shining upon her cottage . With the sudden change , at once the curse and blessing of our climate , a sharp east wind had set in , and was rolling the mist from the canopy of heaven . Numerous stars were visible , where , but five minutes before , all had been darkness and gloom . The shadow passed from her soul ; she gazed steadily upwards ; her mind regained its firmness ; her resolve was taken . She returned to her bed-room , dressed , and , wrapping her cloak closely to her bosom , was quickly on her way to the Smiths ’ dwelling , on Craythorpe Common . The solitary hut was more than two miles from the village ; the path leading to it broken and interrupted by fragments of rocks , roots of furze , and stubbed underwood , and , at one particular point , intersected by a deep and brawling brook . Soon after Grace had crossed this stream , she came in view of the cottage , looking like a misshapen mound of earth ; and , upon peering in at the window , which was only partially lined by a broken shutter , Covey , the lurcher , uttered , from the inside , a sharp muttering bark , something between reproof and recognition . There had certainly been a good fire , not long before , on the capacious hearth , for the burning ashes cast a lurid light upon an old table , and two or three dilapidated chairs . There was also a fowling-piece lying across the table ; but it was evident none of the inmates were at home ; and Grace walked slowly , yet disappointedly , round the dwelling , till she came to the other side , that rested against a huge mass of mingled rock and clay , overgrown with long tangled fern and heather . She climbed to the top , and had not been many minutes on the look-out ere she perceived three men rapidly approaching from the opposite path . As they drew nearer , she saw that one of them was her husband ; but where was her son ? Silently she lay among the heather , fearing she knew not what — yet knowing she had much to fear . The chimney that rose from the sheeling had , she thought , effectually concealed her from their view , but in this she was mistaken ; for , while Huntley and one of the Smiths entered the abode , the other climbed up the mound . She saw his hat within a foot of where she rested , and fancied she could feel his breath upon her cheek as she crouched , like a frightened hare , more closely in her form . However , he surveyed the spot without ascending further , and then retreated muttering something about corbies and ravens , and , almost instantly , she heard the door of the hut close . Cautiously she crept down from her hiding-place ; and , crawling along the ground with stealth and silence , knelt before the little window , so as to observe , through the broken shutter , the occupation of the inmates . The dog alone was conscious of her approach ; but the men were too seriously engaged to heed his intimations of danger . She sees all that the three are about , is convinced that her son will be lost , and forms her resolution : “ Then there is hope for my poor child ! ” she thought , “ and I can — I will save him ! ” With this resolve , she stole away as softly and as quickly as her trembling limbs would permit . The depredators revelled in their fancied security . The old creaking table groaned under the weight of pheasant , hare , and ardent spirits ; and the chorus of a wild drinking-song broke upon her ear as returning strength enabled her to hasten along the rude path leading to Craythorpe . The first grey uncertain light of morning was visible through the old churchyard trees as she came within sight of her cottage . She entered quietly , and saw that Abel had not only returned , but was sleeping soundly by his brother 's side . Grace set her house in order — took the work she had finished to her employer — came back , and prepared breakfast , of which her husband , having by this time also returned , partook . Now he was neither the tyrant whose threat still rung in her ears , nor the reckless bravo of the common ; he appeared that morning , at least so his wife fancied , more like the being she had loved so fondly , and so long . “ I will sleep , Grace , ” he said , when their meal was finished — “ I will sleep for an hour ; and to-morrow we shall have a better breakfast . ” He called his son into the bed-room , where a few words passed between them . Immediately after this Grace went into the little chamber to fetch her bonnet . She would not trust herself to look upon the sleeper , but her lips moved as if in prayer ; and even her children still remember , that , as she passed out of the cottage-door , she had a flushed and agitated appearance . “ Good morning , Mrs. Huntley , ” said her old neighbour , Mrs. Craddock ; “ Have you heard the news ? Ah ! these are sad times — bad people going — ” “ True , true ! ” replied poor Grace as she hurried onwards ; “ I know — I heard it all . ” Mrs. Craddock looked after her , much surprised at her abruptness . “ I was coming down to you , Grace , ” said her father , standing so as to arrest her progress ; “ I wished to see if there was any chance of the child Abel 's returning to his exercises . As this is a holiday , I thought — ” “ Come with me , ” interrupted Grace , “ come with me , father , and we will make a rare holiday . ” She hurried the feeble old man along the road leading to the rectory , but returned no answer to his inquiries . The servant told her , when she arrived at her destination , that his master was engaged — particularly engaged — could not be disturbed — Sir Thomas Purcel was with him ; and , as the man spoke , the study-door opened , and Sir Thomas crossed the hall . “ Come back with me , sir , ” exclaimed Grace Huntley , eagerly : “ I can tell you all you want to know . ” The Baronet shook off the hand she had laid upon his arm as if she were a maniac . Grace appeared to read the expression of his countenance . “ I am not mad , Sir Thomas Purcel , ” she continued , in a suppressed tremulous voice ; “ not mad , though I may be so soon . Keep back these people , and return with me . Mr. Glasscott knows I am not mad . ” She passed into the study with a resolute step , and held the door for Sir Thomas to enter . Her father followed also , as a child traces its mother 's footsteps , and looked around him , and at his daughter , with weak astonishment . One or two of the servants , who were loitering in the hall , moved as if they would have followed . “ Back , back , I say ! ” she repeated ; “ I need no witnesses — there will be enough of them soon . Mr. Glasscott , ” she continued , closing the door , “ hear me , while I am able to bear testimony , lest weakness — woman 's weakness — overcome me , and I falter in the truth . In the broom-sellers ’ cottage , across the common , on the left side of the chimney , concealed by a large flat stone , is a hole — a den ; there much of the property taken from Sir Thomas Purcel 's last night is concealed . ” “ I have long suspected these men — Smith , I think , they call themselves . Yet they are but two . Now , we have abundant proof , that three men absolutely entered the house . ” “ There was a third , ” murmured Grace , almost inaudibly . “ Who ? ” “ My — my — my husband ! ” and , as she uttered the word , she leaned against the chimney-piece for support , and buried her face in her hands . The clergyman groaned audibly ;— he had known Grace from her childhood , and felt what the declaration must have cost her . Sir Thomas Purcel was cast in a sterner mould . “ We are put clearly on the track , Mr. Glasscott , ” he said , “ and must follow it forthwith ; yet there is something most repugnant to my feelings in finding a woman thus herald her husband to destruction . ” “ It was to save my children from sin ! ” exclaimed Grace , starting forward with an energy that appalled them all : “ God in heaven , whom I call to witness , knows , that though I would sooner starve than taste of the fruits of his wickedness , yet I could not betray the husband of my bosom to — to — I dare not think what !— I tried , I laboured to give my offspring honest bread . I neither asked nor received charity ; with my hands I laboured , and blessed the Power that enabled me to do so . If we are poor , we will be honest , was my maxim , and my boast . But he — my husband — returned ; he taught my boy to lie — to steal ! and when I remonstrated — when I prayed , with many tears , that he would cease to train our — ay , our child for destruction , he mocked — scorned — told me , that , one by one , I should be bereaved of my children if I thwarted his purposes ; and that I might seek in vain for them through the world , until I saw their names recorded in the book of shame !— Gentlemen , this was no idle threat . Last night , Abel was taken from me — ” “ I knew there must have been a fourth , ” interrupted Sir Thomas , coldly ; “ we must have the boy also secured . ” The wretched mother , who had not imagined that any harm could result to her son , stood as if a thunderbolt had transfixed her ; her hands clenched and extended — her features rigid and blanched — her frame perfectly erect , and motionless as a statue . The schoolmaster , during the whole of this scene , had been completely bewildered , until the idea of his grandchild 's danger or disappearance , he knew not which , took possession of his mind ; and , filled with the single thought his faculties had the power of grasping at a time , he came forward to the table at which Mr. Glasscott was seated , and respectfully uncovering his grey hairs , his simple countenance presenting a strong contrast to the agonized iron-bound features of his daughter , he addressed himself to the worthy magistrate : “ I trust you will cause instant search to be made for the child Abel , whom your reverence used kindly to regard with especial favour . ” He repeated this sentence at least half a dozen times , while the gentlemen were issuing orders to the persons assembled for the apprehension of the burglars , and some of the females of the family were endeavouring to restore Grace to animation . At last Sir Thomas Purcel turned suddenly round upon Abel Darley , and , in his stentorian tone , bawled out , “ And who are you ? ” “ The schoolmaster of Craythorpe , so please you , sir — that young woman 's father — and one whose heart is broken ! ” So saying , he burst into tears ; and his wail was very sad , like that of an afflicted child . Presently there was a stir among the little crowd , a murmur — and then two officers ushered in Joseph Huntley and his son . He walked boldly up to the magistrate 's table , and placed his hand upon it , before he perceived his wife , to whom consciousness had not yet returned . The moment he beheld her he started back , saying , “ Whatever charge you may have against me , gentlemen , you can have none against that woman . ” “ Nor have we , ” replied Sir Thomas ; “ she is your accuser ! ” The fine features of Joseph Huntley relaxed into an expression of scorn and unbelief . “ She appear against me ! Not — not if I were to attempt to murder her ! ” he answered firmly . “ Grace ! ” exclaimed her father joyfully , “ here is the child Abel — he is found ! ” and seizing the trembling boy , with evident exultation , led him to her . The effect of this act of the poor simple-minded man was electrical . The mother instantly revived , but turned her face from her husband ; and , entwining her son in her arms , pressed him closely to her side . The clergyman proceeded to interrogate the prisoner , but he answered nothing , keeping his eyes intently fixed upon his wife and child . In the mean time , the officers of justice had been prompt in the execution of their duty ; the Smiths were apprehended in the village , and the greater portion of the property stolen from Sir Thomas Purcel was found in the hut where Grace had beheld it concealed . When the preparations were sufficiently forward to conduct the unfortunate men to prison , Joseph Huntley advanced to his wife . The scornful as well as undaunted expression of his countenance had changed to one of painful intensity ; he took her hand within his , and pressed it to his lips , without articulating a single syllable . Slowly she moved her face , so that their eyes encountered in one long mournful look . Ten years of continued suffering could not have exacted a heavier tribute from Grace Huntley 's beauty . No language can express the withering effects of the few hours ’ agony . Her husband saw it . “ ‘ Twas to save my children ! ” was the only sentence she uttered , or rather murmured ; and it was the last coherent one she spoke for many weeks . Her fine reason seemed overwhelmed . It was a sight few could witness without tears . The old father , tending the couch of his afflicted daughter , would sit for hours by her bedside , clasping the child Abel 's hand within his , and every now and then shaking his head when her ravings were loud or violent . We add the conclusion . It might be some fifteen years after these distressing events had agitated the little village of Craythorpe , that an elderly woman , of mild and cheerful aspect , sat calmly reading a large volume she supported against the railing of a noble vessel , that was steering its course from the shores of “ merrie England ” to some land far over the sea . Two gentlemen , who were lounging on the quarter-deck arm-in-arm , frequently passed her . The elder one , in a peculiarly kind tone of voice , said , “ You bear the voyage well , dame . ” — “ Thank God ! yes , sir . ” — “ Ah ! you will wish yourself back in Old England before you are landed six weeks . ” — “ I did not wish to leave it , sir ; but my duty obliged me to do so . ” The gentlemen walked on . “ Who is she ? ” inquired the younger . “ A very singular woman . Her information transported for life a husband whom she loved , notwithstanding his coldness and his crimes . She had at that time three children , and the eldest had already become contaminated by his father 's example . She saw nothing but destruction for them in prospective , her warnings and intreaties being alike unregarded . So she made her election — sacrificed the husband and saved the children ! ” “ But what does she here ? ” “ Her eldest son is now established in a small business , and respected by all who know him . Her second boy , and a father , whom her misfortunes reduced to a deplorable state of wretchedness , are dead . Her daughter , a village belle and beauty , is married to my father 's handsome new parish-clerk ; and Mrs. Huntley having seen her children provided for , and by her virtues and industry made respectable in the Old World , is now on her voyage to the New , to see , if I may be permitted to use her own simple language , ‘ whether she can contribute to render the last days of her husband as happy as the first they passed together . ’ It is only justice to the criminal to say , that I believe him truly and perfectly reformed . ” “ And on this chance she leaves her children and her country ? ” “ She does . She argues , that as the will of Providence prevented her from discharging her duties together , she must endeavour to perform them separately . He was sentenced to die ; but , by my father 's exertions , his sentence was commuted to one of transportation for life ; and I know she has quitted England without the hope of again beholding its white cliffs . ” [ Miss Landon has contributed a few poetical pieces of great merit ; and the Editor , the “ simple story ” of an Emigrant in verse , full of truth and nature . The Author of the Corn Law Rhymes has two pieces . The Illustrations are nearly unexceptionable . Seven of them are from pictures by Lawrence ; Newton 's Gentle Student has supplied the Frontispiece ; and Wilkie 's Theft of the Cap , one of the most pleasing of the well arranged selection .] THE FRIENDSHIP 'S OFFERING . [ Edited by a poet of no mean merit , has a golden flood of minor pieces in verse , many of them of great beauty and touching sweetness , and nearly all above the usual calibre of such contributions to Annual literature . The prose tales are by Miss Mitford , Mr. J. B. Fraser , Derwent Conway , and by Leitch Ritchie : that by the latter is perhaps the best in the volume ; it has a serio-ludicrous interest which is very amusing . The pieces number upwards of sixty ; and as the prose are too lengthy for our columns , we take a slight sprinkling of the poetical flowers :—] THE ARMADA , A FRAGMENT ,— BY T. B . MACAULAY . Attend , all ye who list to hear our noble England 's praise , I tell of the thrice famous deeds she wrought in ancient days , When that great fleet invincible against her bore in vain The richest spoils of Mexico , the stoutest hearts of Spain . It was about the lovely close of a warm summer 's day , There came a gallant merchant ship full sail to Plymouth bay ; Her crew hath seen Castille 's black fleet , beyond Aurigny 's isle , At earliest twilight , on the waves lie heaving many a mile . At sunrise she escaped their van , by God 's especial grace ; And the tall Pinta , till the noon , had held her close in chase . Forthwith a guard at every gun was placed along the wall ; The beacon blazed upon the roof of Edgcumbe 's lofty hall ; Many a light fishing bark put out to pry along the coast ; And with loose rein and bloody spur rode inland many a post . With his white hair unbonneted the stout old sheriff comes ; Behind him march the halberdiers , before him sound the drums ; His yeomen , round the market-cross , make clear an ample space , For there behoves him to set up the standard of her Grace . And haughtily the trumpets peal , and gaily dance the bells , As slow upon the labouring wind the royal blazon swells . Look how the lion of the sea lifts up his ancien crown , And underneath his deadly paw treads the gay lilies down . So stalked he when he turned to flight , on that famed Picard field , Bohemia 's plume , and Genoa 's bow , and Caesar 's eagle shield : So glared he when at Agincourt in wrath he turned to bay , And crushed and torn beneath his claws the princely hunters lay . Ho ! strike the flag-staff deep , sir knight : ho ! scatter flowers , fair maids : Ho ! gunners , fire a loud salute ; ho ! gallants draw your blades : Thou sun , shine on her joyously : ye breezes waft her wide : Our glorious SEMPER EADEM ,— this banner of our pride . The freshening breeze of eve unfurled that banner 's massy fold , The parting gleam of sunshine kissed that haughty scroll of gold : Night sank upon the dusky beach , and on the purple sea ;— Such night in England ne'er had been , nor e'er again shall be . From Eddystone to Berwick bounds , from Lynn to Milford bay , That time of slumber was as bright and busy as the day : For swift to east and swift to west the warning radiance spread ; High on St. Michael 's mount it shone , it shone on Beachy Head . Far on the deep the Spaniards saw , along each southern shire , Cape beyond cape , in endless rage , those twinkling points of fire : The fisher left his skiff to rock on Tamar 's glittering waves ; The rugged miners poured to war from Mendip 's sunless caves . O'er Longleat 's towers , o'er Cranbourne 's oaks , the fiery herald flew ; He roused the Shepherds of Stonehenge , the rangers of Beaulieu . Right sharp and quick the bells all night rang out from Bristol town ; And ere the day three hundred horse had met on Clifton down . The sentinel on Whitehall gate looked forth into the night , And saw o'erhanging RichmondhYpppHeNhill the streak of blood-red light . Then bugle 's note and cannon 's roar the death-like silence broke , And with one start , and with one cry , the royal city woke . At once on all her stately gates arose the answering fires : At once the wild alarum clashed from all her reeling spires : From all the batteries of the Tower pealed loud the voice of fear ; And all the thousand masts of Thames sent back a louder cheer : And from the furthest wards was heard the rush of hurrying feet , And the broad stream of flags and pikes dashed down each roaring street : And broader still became the blaze , and louder still the din . As fast from every village round the horse came spurring in : And eastward straight , from wild Blackheath , the warlike errand went , And roused in many an ancient hall the gallant squires of Kent . Southward from Surrey 's pleasant hills flew those bright couriers forth ; High on bleak Hampstead 's swarthy moor they started for the north . And on , and on , without a pause , untired they bounded still , All night from tower to tower they sprang ;— they sprang from hill to hill , Till the proud peak unfurled the flag o'er Darwin 's rocky dales , Till like volcanoes flared to heaven the stormy hills of Wales , Till twelve fair counties saw the blaze on Malvern 's lonely height . Till streamed in crimson on the wind the Wrekin 's crest of light ; Till broad and fierce the star came forth on Ely 's stately fane , And tower and hamlet rose in arms o'er all the boundless plain ; Till Belvoir 's lordly terraces the sign to Lincoln sent , And Lincoln sped the message on o'er the wide vale of Trent ; Till Skiddaw saw the fire that burned on Gaunt 's embattled pile , And the red glare on Skiddaw roused the burghers of Carlise . THE TORNADO . AN AFRICAN SKETCH ,— BY THOMAS PRINGLE . Dost thou love to list the rushing Of the tempest in its might ? Dost thou joy to see the gushing Of the torrent at its height ? Hasten forth ere yet the gloaming Waneth wildly into night , While the troubled sea is foaming With a strange phosphoric light . Lo , the sea-fowl , loudly screaming , Seeks the shelter of the land ; And a signal light is gleaming Where yon vesel nears the strand : Just at sun-set she was lying All-becalmed upon the main ; Now , with sails in tatters flying , She to sea-ward beats — in vain ! Now the forest trees are shaking , Like bullrushes in the gale ; And the folded flocks are quaking ‘ Neath the pelting of the hail . From the jungle-cumbered river Comes a growl along the ground ; And the cattle start and shiver , For they know full well the sound . ‘ Tis the lion , gaunt with hunger . Glaring down the darkening glen ; But a fiercer Power and stronger Drives him back into his den : For the fiend TORNADO rideth Forth with FEAR , his maniac bride . Who by shipwrecked shores abideth , With the she-wolf by her side . Heard ye not the Demon flapping His exulting wings aloud ? And his mate her wild hands clapping From yon scowling thunder-cloud ? By the fireflaucht 's gleamy flashing The doomed vessel ye may spy , With the billows o'er her dashing — Hark ( Oh God !) that fearful cry ! Seven hundred human voices In that shriek came on the blast ! Ha ! the Tempest-Fiend rejoices — For all earthly aid is past ! White as smoke the surge is showering O'er the cliffs that sea-ward frown , While the greedy gulph , devouring , Like a dragon sucks them down . The Plates are excellent : two or three fancy portraits beam with loveliness ; Christ entering Jerusalem , engraved by E. J . Roberts , from Martin , is a sublime scene of “ the glorious city of God ; ” and Corfu and the Bridge of Alva , from drawings by Purser , maintain the promising excellence of his pencil . Printed and published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London , sold by G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; CHARLES JUGEL , Francfort ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .