THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 12 , No . 349 .] SATURDAY , DECEMBER 6 , 1828 . [ PRICE 2d . THE ARCH OF CONSTANTINE , AT ROME . The Arch of Constantine , at Rome . “ Still harping ” on the Fine Arts — Architecture and Painting . Of the former , the above engraving is an illustration ; and of the latter , our readers will find a beautiful subject ( from one of Turner 's pictures ) in a Supplement published with the present Number . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] The Second of “ the Spirit of the Annuals , ” containing a fine Engraving , after a celebrated picture by Turner , and a string of POETICAL GEMS from the Anniversary , Keepsake , and Friendship 's Offering , with unique extracts from such of “ the Annuals ” as were not noticed in the previous Supplement . The Arches of Rome were splendid monuments of triumph , erected in honour of her illustrious generals . They were at first very simple , being built of brick or hewn stone , and of a semicircular figure ; but afterwards more magnificent , built of the finest marble , and of a square figure , with a large , arched gate in the middle , and two small ones on each side , adorned with columns and statues . In the vault of the middle gate , hung winged figures of victory , bearing crowns in their hands , which , when let down , they placed on the victor 's head , when he passed in triumph . The Arch of Constantine , the most noble of all of these structures , subsists almost entire . It was erected by the senate and Roman people , in honour of Constantine , after his victory over Maxentius , and crosses the Appian Way , at the junction of the Coelian and Palatine Hills . Here it stands as the last monument of Roman triumph , or like the December sun of “ the world 's sole monument . ” This building consists of three arches , of which the centre is the largest ; and has two fronts , each adorned with four columns of giallo antico marble , of the Corinthian order , and fluted , supporting a cornice , on which stand eight Dacian captives of Pavonazzetta , or violet-coloured marble . The inscription on both sides of the architrave imports , that it was dedicated “ to the Emperor C æ sar Flavius Constantine Augustus , the greatest , pious , and the happy ; because by a divine impulse , the greatness of his courage , and the aid of his army , he avenged the republic by his just arms , and , at the same time , rescued it from the tyrant and his whole faction . ” On one side of the arch are the words , “ Liberatori urbis , ” to the deliverer of the city ; and on the other , “ Fundatori quietis , ” to the founder of public tranquillity . Although erected to the honour of Constantine , this arch commemorates the victories of Trajan , some of the basso-relievos , & c. having been pilfered from one of the arches of Trajan . This accounts for the Dacian captives , whose heads Lorenzo de Medicis broke off and conveyed to Florence , but the theft might not have been so notorious to posterity , had not the artists of Constantine 's time added some figures of inferior merit . Forsyth says , “ Constantine 's reign was notorious for architectural robbery ; ” and the styles of the two emperors , in the present arch , mar the harmony by their unsightly contrasts . Although the decree for erecting this arch was , without doubt , passed immediately after the defeat of Maxentius , it appears from the monument itself , that the building was not finished and dedicated till the tenth year of Constantine 's reign , or the year of Christ 315 or 316 . The newly-erected arch opposite the entrance to Hyde Park is from the Roman arch , though , we believe , not from any particular model . In the View of the New Palace , St. James 's Park , ( in our No . 278 ,) the arch , to be called the Waterloo Monument , and erected in the middle of the area of the palace , will be nearly a copy of that of Constantine at Rome . In the court-yard of the Tuilleries at Paris , there is a similar arch , copied from that of Septimius Severus . This was formerly surmounted by the celebrated group of the horses of St. Mark , pilfered from Venice , but restored at the peace of 1815 . THE BEGGAR 'S DAUGHTER OF BETHNAL GREEN . ( For the Mirror .) The popular ballad of “ The Beggar 's Daughter of Bednall-Greene ” was written in the reign of Queen Elizabeth . It is founded , though without the least appearance of truth , or even probability , on a legend of the time of Henry III . Henry de Montfort , son of the ambitious Earl of Leicester , who was slain with his father at the memorable battle of Evesham , is the hero of the tale . He is supposed ( according to the legend ) to have been discovered among the bodies of the slain by a young lady , in an almost lifeless state , and deprived of sight by a wound , which he had received during the engagement . Under the fostering hand of this “ faire damosel ” he soon recovered , and afterwards marrying her , she became the mother of “ the comelye and prettye Bessee . ” Fearing lest his rank and person should be discovered by his enemies , he disguised himself in the habit of a beggar , and took up his abode at Bethnal-Green . The beauty of his daughter attracted many suitors , and she was at length married to a noble knight , who , regardless of her supposed meanness and poverty , had the courage to make her his wife , her other lovers having deserted her on account of her low origin . Before entering , however , upon the ballad , it may not , perhaps , be thought irrelevant to give a brief sketch of the family of the De Montforts . Simon de Montfort , created Earl of Leicester by Henry III ., was the younger son of Simon de Montfort , the renowned but cruel commander of the croisade against the Albigenses . This nobleman was greatly honoured by Henry III ., to whose sister , the Countess Dowager of Pembroke , he paid his addresses , and was married , with the consent of her brother . For the favour thus shown him by his sovereign , he , however , proved ungrateful : his inordinate ambition , cloaked by a pretended zeal for reform , was the cause of those rebellions which , in the reign of Henry III ., kept the kingdom in such a continued turmoil . The different oppressions and successes of the confederate barons , who at length got possession of the king 's person , and the civil wars which ensued , are so well known as to render any remark on the subject superfluous ; suffice it to say , that the disputes between the malcontents and the royal party were at length terminated by the battle of Evesham , which decided in favour of the latter . In this field fell the Earl of Leicester and his eldest son , Henry de Montfort . His death was followed by the total ruin of his family ; his titles and estates were all confiscated ; the countess , his wife , who had been extremely active in her designs against the royalists , was banished , together with her sons , Simon and Guy , who afterwards assassinated their cousin , Henry d'Allmane , when he was endeavouring to effect a reconciliation between them and their uncle , Henry IV . The head of the earl was sent as a signal of the victory by Roger de Mortimer to the countess ; but his body , together with that of his son Henry , was interred in the Abbey of Evesham ; thus leaving the improbability of the legend without a shadow of doubt . As our limits will not allow us to quote the whole of the ballad , [ 1 ] we must content ourselves with giving the song of the beggar , which , as well as being the most interesting , contains the whole of the legend concerning de Montfort :— A poore beggar 's daughter did dwell on a greene , Who for her fairnesse might well be a queene : A blithe bonny lasse , and a daintye was shee , And many one called her pretty Bessee . Her father hee had noe goods nor noe land , But begg 'd for a penny all day with his hand ; And yett to her marriage he gave thousands three , And still he hath somewhat for pretty Bessee . And if any one here her birth doe disdaine , Her father is ready , with might and with maine , To prove shee is come of noble degree — Therefore , ever flout att prettye Bessee . Then give me leave , nobles and gentles , each one , One song more to sing , and then I have done ; And if that itt may not winn good report , Then doe not give me a GROAT for my sport . Sir Simon de Montfort my subject shall bee . Once chiefe of all the great barons was hee — Yet fortune so cruelle this lorde did abase , Now loste and forgotten are hee and his race . When the barons in armes did King Henrye oppose , Sir Simon de Montfort their leader they chose — A leader of courage undaunted was hee , And oft-times he made their enemyes flee . At length in the battle on Eveshame plaine The barons were routed , and Montfort was slaine ; Moste fatall that battel did prove unto thee , Thoughe thou wast not borne then , my prettye Bessee ! Along with the nobles that fell at that tyde , His eldest son Henrye , who fought by his side , Was fellde by a blowe he receiv'de in the fighte ! A blowe that depriv'de him for ever of sight . Among the dead bodyes all lifelesse he laye , Till evening drewe on of the following daye , When by a yong ladye discover 'd was hee — And this was thy mother , my prettye Bessee ! A baron 's faire daughter stept forth in the nighte , To search for her father , who fell in the fight , And seeing yong Montfort , where gasping he laye , Was moved with pitye , and broughte him awaye . In secrette she nurst him , and swaged his paine , While he throughe the realme was beleev 'd to be slaine : At lengthe his faire bride she consented to bee , And made him glad father of prettye Bessee . And nowe , lest oure foes our lives sholde betraye We clothed ourselves in beggars ’ arraye ; Her jewells shee solde , and hither came wee — All our comfort and care was our prettye Bessee . And here have wee lived in fortunes despite , Thoughe poore , yet contented with humble delighte ; Full forty winters thus have I beene A silly blind beggar of Bednall-greene . And here , noble lordes , is ended the song Of one that once to your owne ranke did belong : And thus have you learned a secrette from mee , That ne'er had beene knowne but for prettye Bessee . [ 1 ] Vide Percy 's “ Reliques , ” vol . ii . p. 178 . At Bethnal-Green is an old mansion , which , in the survey of 1703 , was called Bethnal-Green-House , and which the inhabitants , with their usual love of traditionary lore , assign as the “ Palace of the Blind Beggar . ” This house was erected in the reign of Queen Elizabeth , by John Kirby , citizen of London , and was , says Stow , [ 1 ] “ lofty like a castle . ” It was afterwards the residence of Sir Hugh Platt , Knight , the author of many ingenious works ; from him it came into the possession of Sir William Ryder , Knight , who died there in 1669 ; of late years it has been used as a private madhouse . The tradition of the beggar is still preserved on the sign-posts of several of the public-houses in the neighbourhood . [ 1 ] Strype 's Stowe , vol . ii . p. 47 , edit . 1755 . S. I. B . HISTORY AND ANTIQUITY OF WILLS . ( For the Mirror .) According to Blackstone , wills are of high antiquity . We find them among the ancient Hebrews ; not to mention what Eusebius and others have related of Noah 's testament , made in writing , and witnessed under his seal , by which he disposed of the whole world . A more authentic instance of the early use of testaments occurs in the sacred writings , ( Genesis , chap . xlviii .) in which Jacob bequeaths to his son Joseph , a portion of his inheritance , double to that of his brethren . The Grecian practice concerning wills ( says Potter ) was not the same in all places ; some states permitted men to dispose of their estates , others wholly deprived them of that privilege . We are told by Plutarch , that Solon is much commended for his law concerning wills ; for before his time no man was allowed to make any , but all the wealth of deceased persons belonged to their families ; but he permitted them to bestow it on whom they pleased , esteeming friendship a stronger tie than kindred , and affection than necessity , and thus put every man 's estate in the disposal of the possessor ; yet he allowed not all sorts of wills , but required the following conditions in all persons that made them :— 1st . That they must be citizens of Athens , not slaves , or foreigners , for then their estates were confiscated for the public use . 2nd . That they must be men who have arrived to twenty years of age , for women and men under that age were not permitted to dispose by will of more than one medimn of barley . 3rd . That they must not be adopted ; for when adopted persons died without issue , the estates they received by adoption returned to the relations of the men who adopted them . 4th . That they should have no male children of their own , for then their estate belonged to these . If they had only daughters , the persons to whom the inheritance was bequeathed were obliged to marry them . Yet men were allowed to appoint heirs to succeed their children , in case these happened to die under twenty years of age . 5th . That they should be in their right minds , because testaments extorted through the phrenzy of a disease , or dotage of old age , were not in reality the wills of the persons that made them . 6th . That they should not be under imprisonment , or other constraint , their consent being then only forced , nor in justice to be reputed voluntary . 7th . That they should not be induced to it by the charms and insinuations of a wife ; for ( says Plutarch ) the wise lawgiver with good reason thought that no difference was to be put between deceit and necessity , flattery and compulsion , since both are equally powerful to persuade a man from reason . Wills were usually signed before several witnesses , who put seals to them for confirmation , then placed them in the hands of trustees , who were obliged to see them performed . At Athens , some of the magistrates were very often present at the making of wills . Sometimes the archons were also present . Sometimes the testator declared his will before sufficient witnesses , without committing it to writing . Thus Callias , fearing to be cut off by a wicked conspiracy , is said to have made an open declaration of his will before the popular assembly at Athens . There were several copies of wills in Diogenes Laertius , as those of Aristotle , Lycon , and Theophrastus ; whence it appears they had a common form , beginning with a wish for life and health . The most ancient testaments among the Romans were made viv â voce , the testator declaring his will in the presence of seven witnesses ; these they called nuncupative testaments ; but the danger of trusting the will of the dead to the memory of the living soon abolished these ; and all testaments were ordered to be in writing . The Romans were wont to set aside testaments , as being inofficiosa , deficient in natural duty , if they disinherited or totally passed by ( without assigning a true and sufficient reason ) any of the children of the testator . But if the child had any legacy , though ever so small , it was a proof that the testator had not lost his memory nor his reason , which otherwise the law presumed . Hence probably ( says Blackstone ) has arisen that groundless , vulgar error of the necessity of leaving the heir a shilling , or some other express legacy , in order to effectually disinherit him ; whereas the law of England , though the heir , or next of kin , be totally omitted , admits no querela inofficiosa , to set aside such testament . Alfred the Great made a will , wherein he declared , in express terms , that it was just the English should be as free as their own thoughts . P. T. W . THE COSMOPOLITE . DANCING . ( For the Mirror .) Dancing is defined to be “ to move in measure ; to move with steps correspondent to the sound of instruments . ” But there are other species of dancing — as ———————— - for three long months To dance attendance for a word of audience : and to dance with pain , or when , as Lord Bacon says , “ in pestilences , the malignity of the infecting vapour danceth the principal spirits . ” The Chorea S. Viti , or St. Vitus 's Dance is another variation , said to have once prevailed extensively , and to have been cured by a prayer to this saint ! whose martyrdom is commemorated on June 15 . It may not be generally known that a person afflicted with this species of dancing can run , although he cannot walk or stand still . Another and a more agreeable species is to lead the dance , an unjust usurpation which is practised in a thousand other places beside the ball-room . According to the mythologists , ( authorities always quotable , and nobody knows why ,) the Curetes or Corybantes , a people of Crete , who were produced from rain , first invented the dance to amuse the infant Jupiter — with what success he danced we know not , for when a year old he waged war against the Titans , and then his dancing days must have terminated . A history of dancing is , however , not to our purpose ; but a few of its eccentricities . It occurs in the customs of all people , either as a recreation or as a religious ceremony — held in contempt by some , and in esteem by others . David danced before the ark ; the daughters of Shiloh danced in a solemn yearly festival ; and the Israelites , ( good judges ) danced round the golden calf . The ancients had a peculiar penchant for dancing , whether in person or by animals ; and the feats of the latter distance all the wretched efforts of the bears , dogs , and horses of our days . The attempts of Galba to amuse the Roman people throw into the shade all the peace-rejoicings and illuminations of St. James 's and the Green Parks . Suetonius , Seneca , and Pliny tell us of elephants in their time that were taught to walk the rope , backwards and forwards , up and down , with the agility of an Italian rope-dancer . Such was the confidence reposed in the docility and dexterity of the animal , that a person sat upon an elephant 's back , while he walked across the theatre upon a rope , extended from the one side to the other . Lipsius , who has collected these testimonies , thinks them too strong to be doubted — perhaps even stronger than the rope . Scaliger corroborates all of them ; Busbequius saw an elephant dance a pas seul at Constantinople ; and Suetonius tells us of twelve elephants , six male and six female , who were clothed like men and women , and performed a country dance , in the reign of Tiberius . In later times , horses have been taught to dance . In the carousals of Louis XIII . there were dances of horses ; and in the 13th century , some rode a horse upon a rope . All this eclipses the puny modern feats of Astley and Ducrow . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] Miraculous dancing is not , however , confined to animals ; for William of Malmesbury gravely relates an instance of 15 young women and 18 young men who ( by the anathema of a priest ) continued dancing a whole year , and wore the earth so much , that , by degrees , they sunk midway into the earth ! The Greeks and Romans were divided upon the propriety of dancing . Socrates who held death in contempt , when a reverend old gentleman , learned to dance of Aspasia , the beautiful nurse of Grecian eloquence . The Romans forgot their loss of the republic and of liberty — ————————— the air we breathe If we have it not we die . in seeing Pylades and Bathyllus dance before them in their theatres — an indifference of which we were reminded on hearing that the Parisians sat in the Caf é s on the Boulevard du Italiens — sipping coffee and sucking down ice , during the capitulation of the city , and while the French , killed and wounded , were conveyed along the road before them . Cato , Censorius , danced at the age of fifty-six . Cicero , however , reproached a consul with having danced . Tiberius , that monster of indulgences , banished dancers from Rome ; and Domitian , the illustrious fly-catcher , expelled several of his members of parliament for having danced . We are much more civilized , for such an edict as that of Domitian would clear our senate-houses as effectually as when Cromwell turned out the Long Parliament . Among the Italians and the French even there have been found enemies to dancing . Alfieri , the poet , had a great aversion to dancing ; and one Daneau wrote a Trait é des Danses , in which he maintains that “ the devil never invented a more effectual way than dancing , to fill the world with ——. ” The bishop of Noyon once presided at some deliberations respecting a minuet ; and in 1770 , a reverend prelate presented a document on dancing to the king of France . The Quakers consider dancing below the dignity of the Christian character ; and an enthusiast , of another creed , thinks all lovers of the stage belong to the schools of Voltaire and Hume , and that dancing is a link in the chain of seduction . Stupid , leaden-heeled people , who constantly mope in melancholy , and neither enjoy nor impart pleasure , will naturally be enemies to dancing ; and such we are induced to think the majority of these opponents . The French are inveterate dancers . They have their bals par é s and their salons de danse in every street ; and as long as the weather will permit , they dance on platforms out of doors , and a heavy shower of rain will scarcely cool their ardour in the recreation . Some of their stage figurantes resemble aerial beings rather than bone and blood , for flesh may almost be left out of the composition . But the Italians are a nation of dancers as well as the children of song , and they seem to have followed the noble example of old Cato , in this respect , with better effect than they have studied his virtue . We are also told upon good authority , that the American dancers equal any of the European figurantes . The English people have always been lovers of dancing ; and it forms an accompaniment of almost all their old sports and pastimes . Witness the maypoles , wassails , and wakes of rural life , and the grotesque morris-dance , originating in a kind of Pyrrhic or military dance , and described by Sir William Temple as composed of “ ten men , who danced a maid marian and a tabor and pipe . ” In the time of Henry VII . dancers were remarkably well paid ; for in some of his accounts in the Exchequer , we find £. s. d. Paid to a spye , in reward ———————— -  2 0 0 To Pechie , the fool , in rewarde ————— -  0 6 8 To Richard Beden , for writing of bokes —— 0 10 0 To the young dameysell that daunceth —— 30 0 0 In Shakspeare 's time , to dance was an elegant accomplishment . Thus in the “ Merry Wives of Windsor , ” “ What say you to young Mr. Fenton ? He capers , he dances , he has eyes of youth , he writes verses . ” Locke thus alludes to the graceful motions which dancing lends to the human frame : “ the legs of the dancing-master , and the fingers of a musician , fall , as it were , naturally , without thought or pains , into regular and admirable motions . ” It must be somewhat surprising to those who over-rate the matter-of-fact character of the English people , that so great a majority of them are attached to dancing . Among rank and wealth this amusement admits of a finer display of beauty and artificial decoration than almost any other recreation ; for nothing can be more splendid than a brilliantly illuminated and well-filled ball-room . Dancing among the middle classes of society is equally mirthful though not of so ostentatious a character , and it is a question whether the latter , being free from the alloy of fashionable follies , are not more exhilarated by sweet sounds than their wealthy superiors . But the mushroom aristocracy and pride of purse often operate as checks to the enjoyment of both these classes ; and splendid dancing accommodations sometimes put an end to the amusement . At Dorking , in Surrey , attached to one of the inns is a ball-room , which cost the builder £ 12 , 000 , and here is one , or at most three balls during the year , while at scores of places within our recollection , of less consequence , there are monthly and even weekly balls ; and we are inclined to think these periodical recreations of great importance to the happiness of country towns . But there is a species of intoxication sometimes arising from them — that of dancing all night , to suffer from exhaustion and rheumatism on the following day — an evil easy of remedy , by such amusements being more frequent and less protracted . The influence on the character of the people would probably be that of rendering it more even , from the admixture or reciprocation of pleasure and business being more proportional . This plan would get rid of much of the ostentation and expense of a country ball , and would ultimately prove the best antidote to the sins of scandal . As we have spoken of public dancing in the time of Henry VII ., we will show that the enormous sums paid to artists have nourished their conceit to an alarming height . Pitrot , the Vestris of his day , was a consummate specimen of this effrontery . At Vienna , he chose to appear only in the last act of the ballet . The emperor desired him to come forth at the end of the first ; Pitrot refused ; the court left the opera , and then Pitrot told the dancers they would have a hop by themselves , which they did . However , this was forgiven ; and , at his departure , he was presented with the emperor 's picture , set with brilliants . Pitrot received it with sang froid , pressed his thumb upon the crystal , crushed the picture to pieces , adding , “ Thus I treat men not worthy of my friendship . ” This fellow behaved equally ill in France , Prussia , and Russia ; but , at length , scouted by all his patrons , and , after giving his thousands to opera girls , he wandered about Calais in rags and poverty . Farinelli , after accumulating a fortune in England , built a superb mansion in Italy , which he called the English Folly . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] Here is a card “ extraordinary ” of one of our humble English dancing-masters :— “ As Dancing is the poetry of motion , those who wish to sail through the mazes of harmony , or to ‘ trip it on the light fantastic toe , ’ will find an able guide in John Wilde , who was formed by nature for a dancing-master .— N. B . Those who have been taught to dance with a couple of left legs , had better apply in time , as he effectually cures all bad habits of the kind . ” The oddity of some ideas of dancing is really ludicrous . The Cambro-Britains , in a very late period , used to be played out of church by a fiddle , and to form a dance in the church-yard at the end of the service . But the ideas which the Chinese have of dancing exceeds all others . When Commodore Anson was at Canton , the officers of the Centurion had a ball upon some court holiday : while they were dancing , a Chinese , who very quietly surveyed the operation , said , softly , to one of the party , “ Why do n't you let your servants do this for you ? ” FINE ARTS . SCHOOL OF PAINTING AT THE BRITISH INSTITUTION . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) I beg to present you with a brief notice of the School of Painting at the British Institution , Pall Mall ; you may rely upon its correctness , as I have been extremely cautious in making my notes , and in ascertaining every particular relative to the subject . The students at this excellent institution have , for several weeks , been arduously engaged in copying the fine pictures which were entrusted to the directors by his majesty , and the nobility , for that purpose . In general , the students have been very successful , and deserve much praise ; I must , however , in my prescribed limits , only mention a few . Vandyke 's Duchess de St. Croix has been cleverly copied by Mr. Boden and Mr. Faulkner ; the latter gentleman has well imitated the color and the beautiful finish of the original . Messrs. Frisk , Child , Howell and M'Call have likewise made clever copies of this chef d'oeuvre of art . Many bold efforts have been made to copy Hobbima 's large Landscape ; Mr. Laporte 's is the most complete , though not quite spirited enough in the handling . The Spanish Gentleman , by Velasquez , has engaged the pencils of numerous artists , though they have not all been so successful as could have been wished ; Messrs. Inskipp , Frisk , Morton and Child have produced the best fac similes . The Lime Kiln , by the younger Teniers , has been carefully studied by Mr. Gill , & c .; and Messrs. M'Call and Morton , have executed the finest studies from Innocent X ., by Velasquez . The Embarkation , by Claude , is extremely well imitated in Mr. Cartwright 's copy ; and the Virgin and Child , which is one of Julio Romano 's best works , has met with due attention from Mr. Farrier , and others . Mr. Novice has executed the only copy from DeHooge 's fine picture — A Dutch Family preparing for a Walk ; and Messrs. Foster and Earl display considerable talent in their copies from the Landscape and Cattle , by Cuyp . Other admirable works by Guido , Rubens , Bassan , Ruysdael , Vanderneer , and Canaletta , have met with a host of imitators , from whose talents we may anticipate , at no distant period , pictorial excellency of the first order . I should discover a want of gallantry , and , indeed , be most unjust , were I not to say that the ladies , in nearly all their undertakings , have exerted their utmost to excel ; those especially , who have executed copies in water colours deserve the highest recommendation . G. W. N . THE ANECDOTE GALLERY . THAXTED HIGHWAYMEN . ( For the Mirror .) The following incident led to the breaking up and dispersion of a gang of desperate highwaymen , denominated the Thaxted gang , who about sixty years ago used to infest the roads in the neighbourhood of Dunmow , Thaxted , and the adjacent towns and villages :— An opulent farmer of Thaxted , being one day at Dunmow market , received a considerable sum of money , the produce of grain and other marketable articles , which he had that day disposed of ; and going to the inn where he had left his horse , he ordered it to be saddled directly for the purpose of returning home . In those times every tradesman , salesman and a greater part of the publicans and innkeepers knew what money each other received on a market day . The innkeeper at whose house the farmer was in the habit of putting up at , said to him , “ Why you are not going home to-night , are you , with all that money about you ? You will stand a chance of getting a knock on the head . ” — “ Let them knock away , ” answered the farmer . “ I have never yet been robbed , nor do I think it likely I shall be to-night ; so , Robert , get my horse ready , ” calling to the hostler . “ Well , but have you any weapons of defence ? ” inquired the publican .— “ No , nor none I want , ” responded the farmer . The innkeeper pressed him to take a pair of holster pistols ; saying , “ he might find them handy ; ” and after a great deal of persuasion , he agreed to take one , the publican first loading and charging it with ball . The farmer put the pistol in his great coat pocket , and was on the point of departure when he recollected that he had to get a pound of tea at a grocer 's shop in the town , a few doors from the inn . He instantly ran to the shop for the tea , and while the grocer was serving him he made the same remark as the innkeeper had done respecting his going home with so considerable a sum as he knew the farmer had about him . The farmer made answer , “ I am going home to-night , but our friend the publican , has lent me a pistol ; and if any one interrupts me , I intend to blow his brains out . ” — “ Do you know , ” said the grocer , “ I do not like that fellow . Will you let me look at the pistol if you have it with you . ” — “ O yes , look at it if you like . I never fired a pistol in my life ; however , should I be stopped , I think I could manage it . ” The grocer took the pistol ; drew the charge ; and found , to the great surprise of the farmer , it was only loaded with horse-dung , and a large bullet at the top . “ I thought he was a rascal , and this confirms it . ” said the grocer . “ Here is evidently a plot ; now leave your money with me ; we will load this pistol properly , and you can , if you like , proceed on your journey : it may be the means of detecting some one . ” The farmer left his money in the hands of the grocer ; went back to the inn ; mounted his horse , and rode off on his journey . About a mile from Dunmow , he was stopped by a fellow , well mounted , who instantly demanded his money . “ I have not got any , ” replied the farmer , “ but I have a pistol , with which , if you do not instantly allow me to pass on my way home , I will blow your brains out . ” “ You have got money — and as to the pistol , you may blow away — blow away , my fine fellow , ” said the chuckling highwayman . The farmer instantly fired , and his assailant fell off his horse to the ground with a groan . The farmer galloped back to the inn , and inquired of the hostler where his master was . “ He has been gone out , on horseback , about a quarter of an hour , ” the hostler replied . “ Well , I will tell you what , ” said the farmer , “ you may find your master , with his brains blown out , in the road , ” describing the place where he had had the encounter with the innkeeper . From this time a number of persons resident in and about Thaxted and Dunmow , left their places of abode , which circumstance created some surprise among the remaining inhabitants ; but it was afterwards ascertained they formed the desperate gang that had so long and successfully robbed , and sometimes murdered , their unsuspecting neighbours and the different travellers who had occasion to pass the roads on which these marauders were stationed . J. W. B . MANNERS & CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . ( For the Mirror .) WISE MEN OF GOTHAM . The village of Gotham , about seven miles from Nottingham , has been rendered noted by the common proverb of “ The Wise Men of Gotham . ” It is observable that a custom has prevailed among many nations of stigmatizing the inhabitants of some particular spot as remarkable for stupidity . This opprobrious district among the Asiatics was Phrygia . Among the Thracians , Abdera ; among the Greeks , Boeotia ; in England it is Gotham . Of the Gothamites ironically called The Wise Men of Gotham , many ridiculous stories are traditionally told , particularly , that often having heard the cuckoo but never seen her , they hedged in a bush from whence her note seemed to proceed , so that being confined within so small a compass , they might at length satisfy their curiosity ; and at a place called Court Hill , in this parish , is a bush called Cuckoo Bush . HALBERT H . MALLARD NIGHT . At All Souls ’ College , Oxford , the Mallard Night is celebrated annually on the 14th of January , in remembrance of a very singular circumstance , viz . the discovery of a live and excessively large mallard , or drake , supposed to have long ranged in a drain or sewer of considerable depth . The only probable conjecture respecting its extraordinary situation was , that it had fallen when young through the bars or grating at the entrance of the drain , ( which was of sufficient width to receive it if very young ,) but was found at a great distance from it , on digging for the foundation of the college , ( A. D . 1437 .) A very humorous account of this event was published some years ago by Dr. Buckler , subwarden , from a manuscript of Thomas Walsingham , the historian , and monk of St. Alban 's . It is the cause of much mirth , for on the day , and in remembrance of the mallard , many an old and merry song is sung . E. T. S . WELSH MARRIAGES . It appears to me a matter of no small surprise that so economical a people as the English should not have adopted such a plan as the following by the lower classes of the Welsh . When a young couple intend offering themselves at the Temple of Hymen , if they are very poor , they generally send a man , called the bidder , round to their acquaintance and friends , who invites them , sometimes in rhyme , to the wedding ; but if they can afford it , they issue circulars . The following is a copy of one :— “ June 27 , 1827 . “ As we intend to enter the matrimonial state on Thursday , the 19th day of July next , we are encouraged by our friends to make a bidding on the occasion , the same day , at the Butchers ’ Arms , Carmarthen , when and where the favour of your good and agreeable company is humbly solicited ; and whatever donation you may be pleased to confer on us then , will be thankfully received , warmly acknowledged , and cheerfully repaid whenever called for on a similar occasion . “ By your most obedient servants , “ JOHN JONES . “ MARY EVANS . ” The persons so invited ( if they accept the invitation ) generally form part of the procession to church , and are preceded by a harper or fiddler . After the nuptial knot is tied , they veer their course to the public-house mentioned in the bills , where they partake , not of a sumptuous banquet , but of the simple , though not the worst , fare of bread and cheese and kisses , at the expense of the new married folks . After this , a large plate is placed on the table in the room , and they proceed to receive the money which each person may be disposed to give , whilst one keeps account of the sum and names . They frequently receive 50l ., and sometimes , though seldom , 100l . ; and they have the privilege ( by paying the duty ) of selling the ale to the persons assembled . It is to be observed , that the money so deposited cannot be reclaimed by the persons who gave it until a similar occasion presents itself in their family . By this means the new married couple are enabled to procure furniture , and other things requisite for them . W. H . CURIOUS FOUNDATION . At Spinney , in Cambridgeshire , was an abbey founded in the reign of Henry III . near which was a church , built by Lady Mary Bassingburne , and given to the Abbey of Spinney , on condition that the monks should support seven aged men with the following allowance , viz . one farthing loaf , one herring , and one pennyworth of ale per day , and two hundred dry turves , one pair of shoes , one woollen garment , and three ells of linen every year . Henry Cromwell , second son of Oliver Cromwell , is buried here . HALBERT H . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS ADVENTURES OF ALLAN-A-SOP . By Sir Walter Scott , Bart . The chief of the clan , MacLean of Duart , in the Isle of Mull , had an intrigue with a beautiful young woman of his own clan , who bore a son to him . In consequence of the child 's being , by some accident , born in a barn , he received the name of Allan-a-Sop , or Allan of the Straw , by which he was distinguished from others of his clan . As his father and mother were not married , Allan was of course a bastard or natural son , and had no inheritance to look for , save that which he might win for himself . But the beauty of the boy 's mother having captivated a man of rank in the clan , called MacLean of Torloisk , he married her , and took her to reside with him at his castle of Torloisk , situated on the shores of the Sound , or small strait of the sea , which divides the smaller island of Ulva from that of Mull . Allan-a-Sop paid his mother frequent visits at her new residence , and she was naturally glad to see the poor boy , both from affection , and on account of his personal strength and beauty , which distinguished him above other youths of his age . But she was obliged to confer marks of her attachment on him as privately as she could , for Allan 's visits were by no means so acceptable to her husband as to herself . Indeed , Torloisk liked so little to see the lad , that he determined to put some affront on him , which should prevent his returning to the castle for some time . An opportunity for executing his purpose soon occurred . The lady one morning , looking from the window , saw her son coming wandering down the hill , and hastened to put a girdle cake upon the fire , that he might have hot bread to his breakfast . Something called her out of the apartment after making this preparation , and her husband entering at the same time , saw at once what she had been about , and determined to give the boy such a reception as should disgust him for the future . He snatched the cake from the girdle , thrust it into his step-son 's hands , which he forcibly closed on the scalding bread , saying , “ Here , Allan — here is a cake which your mother has got ready for your breakfast . ” Allan 's hands were severely burnt ; and , being a sharp-witted and proud boy , he resented this mark of his step-father 's ill-will , and came not again to Torloisk . At this time the western seas were covered with the vessels of pirates , who , not unlike the sea-kings of Denmark at an early period , sometimes settled and made conquests on the islands . Allan-a-Sop was young , strong , and brave to desperation . He entered as a mariner on board of one of these ships , and in process of time obtained the command , first of one galley , then of a small flotilla , with which he sailed round the seas and collected considerable plunder , until his name became both feared and famous . At length he proposed to himself to pay a visit to his mother , whom he had not seen for many years ; and setting sail for this purpose , he anchored one morning in the Sound of Ulva , and in front of the house of Torloisk . His mother was dead , but his stepfather , to whom he was now an object of fear as he had been formerly of aversion , hastened to the shore to receive his formidable son-in-law , with great affectation of kindness and interest in his prosperity ; while Allan-a-Sop , who , though very rough and hasty , does not appear to have been sullen or vindictive , seemed to take his kind reception in good part . The crafty old man succeeded so well , as he thought , in securing Allan 's friendship , and in obliterating all recollections of the former affront put on him , that he began to think it possible to employ him in executing his private revenge upon MacKinnon of Ulva , with whom , as was usual between such neighbours , he had some feud . With this purpose , he offered what he called the following good advice to his son-in-law :— “ My dear Allan , you have now wandered over the seas long enough ; it is time you should have some footing upon land , a castle to protect yourself in winter , a village and cattle for your men , and a harbour to lay up your galleys . Now , here is the island of Ulva , near at hand , which lies ready for your occupation , and it will cost you no trouble , save that of putting to death the present proprietor , the Laird of MacKinnon , a useless old carle , who has cumbered the world long enough . ” Allan-a-Sop thanked his stepfather for so happy a suggestion , which he declared he would put in execution forthwith . Accordingly , setting sail the next morning , he appeared before MacKinnon 's house an hour before noon . The old chief of Ulva was much alarmed at the menacing apparition of so many galleys , and his anxiety was not lessened by the news , that they were commanded by the redoubted Allan-a-Sop . Having no effectual means of resistance , MacKinnon , who was a man of shrewd sense , saw no alternative save that of receiving the invaders , whatever might be their purpose , with all outward demonstrations of joy and satisfaction . He caused immediate preparations to be made for a banquet as splendid as circumstances admitted , hastened down to the shore to meet the rover , and welcomed him to Ulva with such an appearance of sincerity , that the pirate found it impossible to pick any quarrel which might afford a pretence for executing the violent purpose which he had been led to meditate . They feasted together the whole day ; and in the evening , as Allan-a-Sop was about to retire to his ships , he thanked the Laird of MacKinnon for his entertainment , but remarked , with a sigh , that it had cost him very dear . “ How can that be ” said MacKinnon , “ when I bestowed this entertainment upon you in free good-will ? ” — “ It is true , my friend , ” replied the pirate , “ but then it has quite disconcerted the purpose for which I came hither ; which was to put you to death , my good friend , and seize upon your house and island , and so settle myself in the world . It would have been very convenient , this island , but your friendly reception has rendered it impossible for me to execute my purpose ; so that I must be a wanderer on the seas for some time longer . ” Whatever MacKinnon felt at hearing that he had been so near to destruction , he took care to show no emotion save surprise , and replied to his visiter ,— “ My dear Allan , who was it that put into your mind so unkind a purpose towards your old friend ; for I am sure it never arose from your own generous nature ? It must have been your father-in-law , old Torloisk , who made such an indifferent husband to your mother , and such an unfriendly stepfather to you when you were a helpless boy ; but now , when he sees you a bold and powerful leader , he desires to make a quarrel betwixt you and those who were the friends of your youth . If you consider this matter rightly , Allan , you will see that the estate and harbour of Torloisk lie as conveniently for you as those of Ulva , and that , if you are to make a settlement by force , it is much better it should be at the expense of the old churl , who never showed you kindness or countenance , than at that of a friend like me , who always loved and honoured you . ” Allan-a-Sop was struck with the justice of this reasoning ; and the old offence of his scalded fingers was suddenly recalled to his mind . “ It is very true what you say , MacKinnon , ” he replied , “ and , besides , I have not forgotten what a hot breakfast my father-in-law treated me to one morning . Farewell for the present ; you shall soon hear news of me from the other side of the Sound . ” Having said thus much , the pirate got on board , and commanding his men to unmoor the galleys , sailed back to Torloisk , and prepared to land in arms . His father-in-law hastened to meet him , in expectation to hear of the death of his enemy , MacKinnon . But Allan greeted him in a very different manner from what he expected . “ You hoary old traitor , ” he said , “ you instigated my simple good-nature to murder a better man than yourself . But have you forgotten how you scorched my fingers twenty years ago , with a burning cake ? The day is come that that breakfast must be paid for . ” So saying , he dashed out his father-in-law 's brains with a battle-axe , took possession of his castle and property , and established there a distinguished branch of the clan of MacLean .— Tales of a Grandfather — Second Series . ADVANTAGES OF A GOOD HEART , A Fragment from the “ Disowned , ” by the author of “ Pelham . ” “ The next day , Sir Christopher Findlater called on Clarence . ‘ Let us lounge into the park , ’ said he . ‘ With pleasure , ’ replied Clarence ; and into the park they lounged . By the way they met a crowd , who were hurrying a man to prison . The good-hearted Sir Christopher stopped — ‘ Who is that poor fellow ? ’ said he . ‘ It is the celebrated ’ — ( in England all criminals are celebrated . Thurtell was a hero , Thistlewood a patriot , and Fauntleroy was discovered to be exactly like Bonaparte ) — ‘ it is the celebrated robber , John Jefferies , who broke into Mrs. Wilson 's house , and cut the throats of herself and her husband , wounded the maid-servant , and split the child 's skull with the poker . ’ * * * ‘ John Jefferies ! ’ exclaimed the baronet , ‘ let us come away . ’ ‘ Linden , ’ continued Sir Christopher , ‘ that fellow was my servant once . He robbed me to some considerable extent . I caught him . He appealed to my heart , and you know , my dear fellow , that was irresistible , so I let him off . Who could have thought he would have turned out so ? ’ And the baronet proceeded to eulogize his own good nature , by which it is just necessary to remark , that one miscreant had been saved for a few years from transportation in order to rob and murder ad libitum , and having fulfilled the office of a common pest , to suffer on the gallows at last . What a fine thing it is to have a good heart ! Both our gentlemen now sunk into a reverie , from which they were awakened , at the entrance of the park , by a young man in rags , who , with a piteous tone , supplicated charity . Clarence , who to his honour be it spoken , spent an allotted and considerable part of his income in judicious and laborious benevolence , had read a little of political morals , then beginning to be understood , and walked on . The good-hearted baronet put his hand in his pocket , and gave the beggar half-a-guinea , by which a young , strong man , who had only just commenced the trade , was confirmed in his imposition for the rest of his life ; and instead of the useful support , became the pernicious incumbrance of society . Sir Christopher had now recovered his spirits . ‘ What 's like a good action ? ’ said he to Clarence , with a swelling breast . The park was crowded to excess ; our loungers were joined by Lord St. George . His lordship was a staunch Tory . He could not endure Wilkes , liberty , or general education . He launched out against the enlightenment of domestics . ‘ What has made you so bitter ? ’ said Sir Christopher . ‘ My valet ! ’ cried Lord St. George ; ‘ he has invented a new toasting-fork ; is going to take out a patent , make his fortune , and leave me ; that 's what I call ingratitude , Sir Christopher ; for I ordered his wages to be raised five pounds but last year . ’ ‘ It was very ungrateful , ’ said the ironical Clarence . ‘ Very ! ’ reiterated the good-hearted Sir Christopher . ‘ You cannot recommend me a valet , Findlater , ’ renewed his lordship ; ‘ a good , honest , sensible fellow , who can neither read nor write ? ’ ‘ N — o — o — that is to say , yes ! I can ; my old servant , Collard , is out of place , and is as ignorant as — as — ’ ‘ I — or you are , ’ said Lord St. George , with a laugh . ‘ Precisely , ’ replied the baronet . ‘ Well , then , I take your recommendation : send him to me to-morrow at twelve . ’ ‘ I will , ’ said Sir Christopher . ‘ My dear Findlater , ’ cried Clarence , when Lord St. George was gone , ‘ did you not tell me some time ago , that Collard was a great rascal , and closely lie with Jefferies ? and now you recommend him to Lord St. George ! ’ ‘ Hush , hush , hush ! ’ said the baronet ; ‘ he was a great rogue , to be sure ; but poor fellow , he came to me yesterday with tears in his eyes , and said he should starve if I would not give him a character ; so what could I do ? ’ ‘ At least , tell Lord St. George the truth , ’ observed Clarence . ‘ But then Lord St. George would not take him ! ’ rejoined the good-hearted Sir Christopher , with forcible naivet é. ‘ No , no , Linden , we must not be so hard-hearted ; we must forgive and forget ; ’ and so saying , the baronet threw out his chest , with the conscious exultation of a man who has uttered a noble sentiment . The moral of this little history is , that Lord St. George , having been pillaged ‘ through thick and thin , ’ as the proverb has it , for two years , at last missed a gold watch , and Monsieur Collard finished his career , as his exemplary tutor , Mr. John Jefferies , had done before him . Ah ! what a fine thing it is to have a good heart . But , to return , just as our wanderers had arrived at the further end of the park , Lady Westborough and her daughter passed them . Clarence excusing himself to his friend , hastened towards them , and was soon occupied in saying the prettiest things in the world to the prettiest person , at least in his eyes ; while Sir Christopher , having done as much mischief as a good heart well can do in a walk of an hour , returned home to write a long letter to his mother , against ‘ learning and all such nonsense , which only served to blunt the affections and harden the heart . ’ ‘ Admirable young man ! ’ cried the mother , with tears in her eyes ; ‘ a good heart is better than all the heads in the world . ’ Amen ! ” SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . QUADRANGLE OF KING 'S COLLEGE , CAMBRIDGE . In the last New Monthly Magazine is an excellent account of this splendid structure , in A Day at Cambridge ,— in which occurs the following exquisite little descriptive gem :— With the exception of a gravel walk , running near to the buildings on every side , the whole ground-plot of this quadrangle is covered by an unbroken turf , kept , by means of constant and almost hourly attention , in that exquisite order which is only to be observed in spots devoted to similar purposes , here and at Oxford . The effect of an unbroken plot of turf of this kind and quality , and in a situation like this , is perfectly unique , and perhaps indescribable . It is supposed to be , and in fact is , for all purposes of preservation and beauty , sacred from the foot of man or beast ; and the feeling arising from this circumstance , added to the exquisite natural adaptation of the object itself to the purposes of rest and relief from the almost dazzling architectural splendour of the surrounding objects , is such as cannot be communicated by any other means whatever , and we might in vain attempt to describe . It is of such a kind , however , that those who are capable of experiencing it , would as soon think of treading upon the object that conveys it to them , as those who honour Nature would think of rooting up a nest of violets . Speaking for ourselves alone , there is but one thing that can disturb and deteriorate the absolute tranquillity of mind , and peace of heart , which fall upon us , like dew from heaven , on entering a place like that we have attempted to describe above ; it is , to see a capped and gowned Fellow , profaning with his footsteps the floor of that , in some sort , sacred temple , merely because he can , by so doing , reach his habitation by a few footsteps less than if he kept to the path allotted for him . We look upon the act as a species of impiety ; to say nothing of its proving , to a demonstration , that the person who commits it is either utterly insensible to the mysterious harmony that subsists between a certain class of natural objects and the heart of man ; or utterly disregards that harmony , and sets it at naught . He is , in fact , one of whom it may in one sense be said , that “ He hath no music in his soul . ” And we are almost tempted to complete the quotation , by adding — “ Let no such man be trusted ! ” A RUSTIC PAIR . By Miss Mitford . Few damsels of twelve years old , generally a very pretty age , were less pretty that Hannah Bint . Short and stunted in her figure , thin in face , sharp in feature , with a muddled complexion , wild sun-burnt hair , and eyes , whose very brightness had in them something startling , over-informed , super-subtle , too clever for her age . At twelve years old she had quite the air of a little old fairy . Now , at seventeen , matters are mended . Her complexion has cleared ; her countenance , her figure , has shot up into height and brightness , and a sort of rustic grace ; her bright , acute eye is softened and sweetened by the womanly wish to please ; her hair is trimmed , and curled , and brushed with exquisite neatness ; and her whole dress arranged with that nice attention to the becoming , the suitable both in form and texture , which would be called the highest degree of coquetry , if it did not deserve the better name of propriety . Never was such a transmogrification beheld . The lass is really pretty , and Ned Miles has discovered that she is so . There he stands , the rogue , close at her aide , ( for he hath joined her whilst we have been telling her little story , and the milking is over !) — there he stands — holding her milk-pail in one hand , and stroking Watch with the other ; whilst she is returning the compliment , by patting Neptune 's magnificent head . There they stand , as much like lovers as may be ; he smiling , and she blushing — he never looking so handsome , nor she so pretty , in all their lives . There they stand , in blessed forgetfulness of all except each other — as happy a couple as ever trod the earth . There they stand , and one would not disturb them for all the milk and butter in Christendom . I should not wonder if they were fixing the wedding-day . RECOLLECTIONS OF A R * T . ( Concluded from page 365 .) Finding a detachment just setting out to join the Grand Allied Army , I thought , as a true Briton , I could do no less than accompany it , and prevailed upon all our party to do the same . The detachment with which I marched , consisted of 80 , 000 . As we had little baggage , having crossed the Rhine , we proceeded rapidly through a dull , uninteresting country . The town of Coblentz is situated at the junction of the Rhine and the Moselle . Here the majestic Rhine gently flows along in all its grandeur , separating the town from the noble fortress of Ehrenbreitstein . [ 1 ] I crossed over the bridge of boats , and made a most minute inspection of this very romantic castle , which gave me great pleasure indeed . In a few days I availed myself of a passage-boat which was going to Mayence , and was quite enraptured with the view on all sides . Rhenish wines , and perhaps also the water , I found did not well agree with my stomach ; and no inconsiderable annoyance , I soon experienced . They seemed , however , to have exactly the same effect upon every Englishman I saw , so I was not singular . A little brandy soon , however , put me all to rights ; and by the time I reached Strasbourg , I was perfectly well again , and able to do ample justice to her Splendid Pies ! I attended high mass in the great Cathedral of Strasbourg , and was surprised and pleased at the sight of 10 , 000 soldiers , in review order , drawn up within its walls . It was tiresome enough work mounting to the top of the spire , ( which I ascertained , by the steps I took , to be exactly 490 feet high , Strasbourg measure ; and this is exactly eight feet higher than St. Peter 's at Rome ) , but I made it out , notwithstanding the sulky looks of the jackanapes who lives at the top . Nothing can surpass the beauty of the view from this cathedral . At your feet you have the ancient town , with all its regular fortifications and outworks — the majestic Rhine , with its bridge of boats , and ruined Gothic bridge , sublime in its decay — and as far as the eye can reach you have an exceedingly rich country , everywhere speckled with towns , and fertilized by luxuriant streams . [ 1 ] Apropos — our Supplement contains a fine Engraving of this very spot . I made a point of visiting my venerable friend , the old Comte de Strasbourg , who , unchanged in the rolling on of centuries , lies in his glass coffin , to all appearance in the same freshness of health and vigour in which , when myself a very young man , I saw him many hundred years ago ; [ 1 ] his countess , his son , and his daughter , keep him company , each in their separate place of repose . Alas , alas ! the sight made me weep . [ 1 ] The venerable count died about the year 1519 . The glass coffins are still shown . A few days afterwards , I was rather unexpectedly stopped in my tour . For a night I had taken up my residence in the carriage of a young Englishman , who that day arrived from Rome , the hostler having assured me that he would remain for some time . I did so , as I found it much quieter and cooler than the hotel “ La ville de Lyon , ” which was overcrowded . In the morning , I thought my friends were merely going a short drive , so I kept my seat . We , however , travelled on till night , when I heard we were bound for London ; but as my companions were very agreeable , I thought I might as well accompany them the whole way . They seemed to be annoyed at every posthouse with their passports , & c .; I was never even asked about the matter . The custom-house gentry , in their searches , to be sure , occasionally gave me a little trouble , but I was soon up to their tricks . We had an avant-courier constantly galloping before us , and we travelled with such expedition that we reached London in five days ; for my fellow-travellers were idle young men of fortune , who are of course always in the greatest hurry for the end of a journey , because they do n't know what to make of themselves when it is over . I had not then an opportunity of seeing Paris , as we only changed horses in it . I have since , however , spent many months there , and have always been very much pleased with every thing I saw , particularly the Catacombs , which were my favourite lounge . When last in Paris , I made a narrow escape with my life , as I tumbled headlong into a cask of brandy . I , however , managed to scramble out , with the assistance of a bit of cord , which happened to be hanging over its side , and which my friend pushed in to me . I was little the worse of my ducking ; for , as soon as I got out , I was set a-laughing by his telling me how to spell brandy , in both French and English , in three letters , viz . “ B. R . and Y . ” and “ O. D. V . ” In London I made a point , as a stranger , of going everywhere , and was certainly much delighted with every thing . I must confess , however , that I thought all the acting at the Opera and Theatres , and all the eloquence of the Houses of Parliament , as nothing in comparison of what I saw and tasted at the East India and London Docks . When I was in the House of Lords , a companion whispered to me , that he had heard an act read , offering a reward of 10 , 000l . for a male tortoise-shell cat . This I believe , indeed , is a very safe offer , for such a thing was never heard of . And it is certainly as much worth their while as making an act that I should never have more than six dishes of meat at my dinner , or that I should not be buried in linen above twenty shillings Scots value per ell , although I wished it particularly , and could well afford to pay for it . There was , however , one restrictive act , which had sense in it ; and the husbands of the present day would , I dare say , give their ears that it were still in force , whatever the dressmakers might think of it . But many of their acts of Parliament are silly enough — as they must be ; for they do n't like to be thought idle , and imagine that it is necessary to be always enacting something . It is curious , indeed , how fashion should be every thing in the great city . A lady could not possibly venture to see her dearest friend on earth , or even her own sister , if she happened to live in rather an unfashionable part of the town . By so doing , she would expose herself to her own footmen , who very properly would lose all respect for her , and I suppose instantly leave her service , as , poor fellows , they have a rank in life to keep up !! John Bull certainly gives himself many airs , to say the least of it . After receiving the greatest kindness and hospitality from you in Scotland , and perhaps staying for months in your house , he will cut you dead in London . I remember once meeting with such a return , but took it , of course , very coolly . Next day , when I was arm in arm with —— ——, I happened again to meet my quondam friend , who immediately rushed up to me — I , however , turned on my tail , and did not know him .— Fashion is an odd thing after all . It is not rank which will do . I have seen many a spendthrift young commoner cut his uncle the duke ; and being a duchess by no means will ensure admittance at Almack 's .— I thank my stars , I am not fashionable , and am always happy to see my friends ! I was persuaded , soon after reaching London , to go down to Essex for a few days , to pay a visit to an old friend . When I arrived at his house , which I think they called Waltham Abbey , I was sorry to receive the melancholy accounts that he had been devoured , and that , if I did not instantly take myself off , I should be dealt with in the same manner . The truth was , that a famine had arisen ; and it is well known , on those occasions , as necessity has no law , that the stronger kills the weaker . Day after day the combat is renewed , till at last all except one are destroyed , and he is then obliged to decamp , or eat himself up , as he likes best . It is in this way that castles , houses , & c. which have been long infested by us , are so suddenly entirely freed from our presence . I amused myself in making an excursion to Epping Forest , till I thought the civil war at my late friend 's habitation might have proceeded far enough for my presence to be useful . In the forest , one day , I had the luck to kill one of those troublesome reptiles — a Tom Cat . I believe , however , it was a house one . After a hard day 's hunting his highness made too free at a Valerian party . I watched my opportunity , and soon put an effectual end to his caterwauling . When I returned to the abbey , I found I was in the best possible time — the garrison being reduced to about a dozen , and they so weakened and tired out with the constant worrying work they had had , that I was myself a complete match for any two of them . In a few days the number was only four , and in other two days I was sole lord and master . He then returns to town . At a friend 's house , in Berkeley Square , where I met a distinguished party , a scene took place , just such as Pope describes — Our courtier walks from dish to dish ; Tastes , for his friend , of fowl and fish : “ That jelly 's rich , that malmsey 's healing , Pray dip your whiskers and your tail in . ” Was ever such a happy swain ? He stuffs , and swills , and stuffs again . “ I 'm quite ashamed — ‘ Tis mighty rude To eat so much ; but all 's so good ! I have a thousand thanks to give , My lord alone knows how to live . ” — No sooner said , but from the hall Rush chaplain , butler , dogs , and all : “ A r — t , a r — t ! clap to the door ! ” — I , however , made good my exit , and was nothing the worse of a practical warning to be more cautious in future . It would be endless for me to describe all my after voyages and travels . Suffice it to say , I have been both east and west , north and south ; and there is scarcely a part of the habitable globe which I have not visited . After all , I have come to this conclusion , that there is no country like Britain . Oh ! how I could wish my human existence had been in such happy times and under such glorious sovereigns as a George the Third , and George the Fourth !! ! For some years I have remained in this country , enjoying ( like a patriarch of old ) a quiet , regular life with my family , which now amounts to above 2 , 000 . I , however , keep very much to my own room , as I hate bustle , and like to enjoy my own reflections . The age to which our species can exist is not ascertained , as never one of us was known to die in his bed , at least a natural death . A kind of instinct I have always had , has as yet saved me from arsenic , stewed corks , traps , stamps , & c .; and my great strength , and a good deal of science , which is of more consequence , have , as yet , preserved me in many a deadly combat , both with my own species , and with the dog , the ferret , the weasel , the hawk , and that green-eyed monster — the cat . But I am now getting somewhat stiffer , and am not so sharp as I was . I am not — “ — qualis eram , quum primam aciem Pr æ neste sub ipsa Stravi , scutorumque incendi victor acervos ; Et regem h â c Herilum dextr â sub Tartara misi !! ” And in some evil hour my time must come . — I am well aware , indeed , of the fleeting existence even of this world itself , for I studied astronomy with the celebrated M. Olbers of Bremen , and assisted him in making many useful observations and discoveries , particularly regarding comets , in the course of which we came to this melancholy conclusion , that the comet which was afterwards visible in 1786 and 1795 , will , in 83 , 000 years , approach the earth as nearly as the moon ; and that in 4 , 000 , 000 years it will come to within a distance of 7 , 700 geographical miles ;— the consequence of which will be ( if its attraction be equal to that of the earth ) the elevation of the waters of the ocean 13 , 000 feet ; that is to say , above the tops of all the European mountains , except Mount Blanc . The inhabitants of the Andes and of the Himalaya mountains alone will escape this second deluge ; but they will not benefit by their good fortune more than 216 , 000 , 000 years , for it is probable , that at the expiration of that time , our globe standing right in the way of the comet , will receive a shock severe enough to ensure its utter destruction !! ! Note .— After reading over the above MS ., I am inclined to come to this conclusion — that our historian , while in a human form , must have been a Scottish nobleman — that he probably was born about the year 1501 — and that he lived to about the age of 89 .— Ed . THE FANCY BALL . “ A visor for a visor ! what care I What curious eye doth quote deformities ! ” SHAKSPEARE . “ You used to talk , ” said Miss Mac Call , “ Of flowers , and flames , and Cupid ; But now you never talk at all . You 're getting vastly stupid . You 'd better burn your Blackstone , Sir , You never will get through it ; There 's a Fancy Ball at Winchester — Do let us take you to it . ” I made that night a solemn vow , To startle all beholders : I wore white muslin on my brow , Green velvet on my shoulders — My trousers were supremely wide , I learn 'd to swear “ by Allah ” — I stuck a poniard by my side , And called myself “ Abdallah . ” Oh ! a Fancy Ball 's a strange affair , Made up of silks and leathers , Light heads , light heels , false hearts , false hair , Pins , paint , and ostrich feathers : The dullest Duke in all the town , To-night may shine a droll one — And rakes , who have not half-a-crown , Look royal with a whole one . Hail , blest Confusion ! here are met All tongues , and times , and faces , The Lancers flirt with Juliet , The Bramin talks of races ; And where 's your genius , bright Corinne ? And where your brogue , Sir Lucius ? And Chinca Ti , you have not seen One chapter of Confucius . Lo ! dandies from Kamschatka flirt With beauties from the Wrekin — And belles from Berne look very pert On Mandarins from Pekin ; The Cardinal is here from Rome , The Commandant from Seville — And Hamlet 's father from the tomb , And Faustus from the Devil . What mean those laughing Nuns , I pray , What mean they , Nun or Fairy : I guess they told no beads to-day , And sang no Ave Mary . From Mass and Matins , Priest and Pix , Barred door , and window grated , I wish all pretty Catholics Were thus emancipated . Four Seasons come to dance quadrilles , With four well-seasoned sailors — And Raleigh talks of rail-road bills , With Timon , prince of railers . I find Sir Charles of Aubyn Park Equipp 'd for a walk to Mecca — And I run away from Joan of Arc , To romp with sad Rebecca . Fair Cleopatra 's very plain , Puck halts , and Ariel swaggers — And C æ sar 's murder 'd o'er again , Though not by Roman daggers . Great Charlemagne is four feet high — Sad Stuff has Bacon spoken — Queen Mary 's waist is all awry , And Psyche 's nose is broken . Our happiest bride , how very odd ! Is the mourning Isabella , And the heaviest foot that ever trod Is the foot of Cinderella . Here sad Calista laughs outright , There Yorick looks most grave , Sir , And a Templar waves the cross to-night , Who never cross 'd the wave , Sir . And what a Babel is the talk ! “ The Giraffe ” — “ plays the fiddle ” — “ Macadam 's roads ” — “ I hate this chalk ” — “ Sweet girl ” — “ a charming riddle ” — “ I 'm nearly drunk with ” — “ Epsom salts ” — “ Yes , separate beds ” — “ such cronies ! ” — “ Good heaven ! who taught that man to valtz ? ” — “ A pair of Shetland ponies . ” “ Lord D —— ” “ an enchanting shape ” — “ Will move for ” — “ Maraschino ” “ Pray , Julia , how 's your mother 's ape ? ” — “ He died at Navarino ! ” “ The gout , by Jove , is ” — “ apple pie ” — “ Don Miguel ” — “ Tom the tinker ” — “ His Lordship 's pedigree 's as high As —— ” “ Whipcord , dam by Clinker . ” “ Love 's shafts are weak ” — “ my chestnut kicks ” — “ Heart broken ; ” — “ broke the traces ” — “ What say you now of politics ? ” — “ Change sides and to your places ” — “ A five-barred gate ” — “ a precious pearl ” “ Grave things may all be punn 'd on ! ” — “ The Whigs , thank God , are ” — “ out of curl ! ” — “ Her age is ” — “ four by London ! ” Thus run the giddy hours away , Till morning 's light is beaming , And we must go to dream by day All we to-night are dreaming ; To smile and sigh , to love and change — Oh ! in our heart 's recesses , We dress in fancies quite as strange As these our fancy-dresses . New Monthly Magazine . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles SHAKSPEARE . Tho ’ lang an lonely be the road Between me an my dearie ; Yet I the gate hae aften troad , When I 've been tired and wearie . Be't stormin rain , hail , win or snaw — A lonely road and drearie — There 's nought wad e'er keep me awa Frae gaun to see my dearie !! ! M . FRENCH BALL CONVERSATION . During the French revolution , parties danced as gaily as ever ; the following is a ball conversation , which took place in the month of Frimare , year 7 .:— Well , the Ottoman Porte has declared war against us ! Oh yes , there is no doubt of it , ( En avant deux ) It is an enemy the more — ( chassez ) and the Russian fleet they say has passed the Dardanelles , ( en avant quatre ) yet the papers say that the emperor sincerely desires peace .— Yes , but Count Metternich wishes for war , ( balancez ) so we have also a new coalition against us . England , Portugal , Naples , Turkey , the Emperor , Russia , perhaps the empire of Prussia , ( Faites face et chassez tous les huit ) — well we have bayonettes , ( la poussette ) besides it is not so far from Dover to Calais , ( traversez ) — Do you belong to the conscription ?— Yes , and I too ; ( pirouettez ) what makes me uneasy is to know what will become of our partners when we are gone : ( La chaine des dames ) — what will be left to amuse them ( La queu du chat .) It was thus that days of terror were preceded by evenings of amusement and pleasure . INTUITIVE AFFECTION . “ There are three things , ” said a wit , “ which I have always loved without ever understanding them , painting , music , and woman . ” RETORT UNCOURTEOUS . A lady , well known in the fashionable vicinity of Portland-place , always accosts a stranger , with “ I think I have seen you somewhere , ” which often leads to a clue for her finding out the history of the party . One evening she played off the same game on a gentleman , who replied , “ Most likely , madam , for I sometimes go there . ” With the present Number is published the SECOND SUPPLEMENT of the Spirit of the Annuals — containing Poetry and Prose by Allan Cunningham , Professor Wilson , the late P. B . Shelley , Miss Landon , Mrs. Hemans , Mr. Pringle , Theodore Hook , and other distinguished Writers — with a beautiful Engraving . Purchasers of the MIRROR , who may wish to complete their sets are informed , that every volume is complete in itself , and may be purchased separately . The whole of the numbers are now in print , and can be procured by giving an order to any Bookseller or Newsvender . Complete sets Vol . I. to XI . in boards , price £ 2 . 19s . 6d . half bound , £ 3 . 17s . LIMBIRD 'S EDITIONS . CHEAP and POPULAR WORKS published at the MIRROR OFFICE in the Strand , near Somerset House . The ARABIAN NIGHTS ’ ENTERTAINMENTS , Embellished with nearly 150 Engravings . Price 6s . 6d . boards . The TALES of the GENII . Price 2s . The MICROCOSM . By the Right Hon . G. CANNING , & c. Price 2s . PLUTARCH 'S LIVES , with Fifty Portraits , 2 vols . price 13s . boards . COWPER 'S POEMS , with 12 Engravings , price 3s . 6d . boards . COOK 'S VOYAGES , 2 vols . price 8s . boards . The CABINET of CURIOSITIES : or WONDERS of the WORLD DISPLAYED Price 5s . boards . BEAUTIES of SCOTT . 2 vols . price 7s . boards . The ARCANA of SCIENCE for 1828 . Price 4s . 6d . *** Any of the above Works can be purchased in Parts . GOLDSMITH 'S ESSAYS . Price 8d . DR. FRANKLIN 'S ESSAYS . Price 1s . 2d . BACON 'S ESSAYS . Price 8d . SALMAGUNDI . Price 1s . 8d . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .