NO . 165 . SEPTEMBER , 1880 . Vol . XXVIII . THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . BOSTON : THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 BROMFIELD STREET . American News Co ., 39 & amp ; 41 Chambers St ., New York . New-England News Co ., 14 Franklin St ., Boston , Central News Company , Philadelphia . Western News Company , Chicago . $ 1. 50 a Year , in advance . A single copy , 15 cents . Entered at the Post Office at Boston as Second-Class Matter . CONTENTS OF NUMBER ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY-FIVE , PAGE ROSA BONHEUR By Alfred Selwyn 65 PIP AND POP By Uncle Charles 67 WHAT CAME OF A DIRTY FACE By H. 69 WATERING THE FLOWERS By Uncle Sam 70 BABY TO HER DOLL By W. G. 72 PETER AND TOMMY By Uncle Charles 73 IF I WERE A FAIRY By George S. Burleigh 74 A CHILD FASCINATING BIRDS By Emily Carter 77 DADDY FROG By George Cooper 79 THE FIRST CATCH By G. T. T . 81 TALKING WITH THE FINGERS By S. A. E . 82 A DAY ON GRANDPA 'S FARM By S. J. P . 83 EMMA AND ETTA By A. B. C . 85 BROWNIE 'S ADVENTURE By Mrs B. P , Sibley 87 A MISJUDGED FRIEND By Marian Douglas 90 A CURE FOR THE TOOTHACHE By Mrs. Henrietta R. Eliot 92 SONG OF THE BIRDS ( Music by T. Crampton ) 96 The change in the publishing department of “ The Nursery ” involves no change whatever in its editorial management . Our facilities for carrying on the work are now better than ever . We have in preparation for coming numbers some admirable designs , illustrative of the choicest reading-matter in prose and verse . None but the best will find a place in its pages . “ The Nursery ” will maintain its reputation as the best of all magazines for young children . All communications relating to it should be addressed to THE NURSERY PUBLISHING COMPANY . The time will soon be at hand for getting up clubs for the next year . It is a good plan to be in the field early . We shall offer extra numbers , as usual , to NEW subscribers who send their money before the new year begins . Our next number will contain a comprehensive and attractive Premium-List . Direct all remittances to THE NURSERY PUBLISHING COMPANY . Our friends of the Newspaper Press will oblige us by sending marked copies of monthly notices without fail . We are about revising our exchange list , and wish to have the means of knowing to what papers we are indebted . In all notices please mention that subscriptions should be addressed to THE NURSERY PUBLISHING COMPANY . We call attention to the list of illustrated-books for children which we offer for sale . ( See advertisement on third page of cover ) . THE BOUND VOLUMES OF “ THE NURSERY , ” now thirteen in number , form a library from which one cannot choose amiss . THE EASY BOOK and THE BEAUTIFUL BOOK are unequalled by anything of the kind in the market . Make drafts and money-orders payable to the order of THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . Oxen ROSA BONHEUR . About forty years ago , at an exhibition of paintings in Paris , two small pictures attracted great attention . One was called “ Goats and Sheep ; ” the other , “ Two Rabbits . ” They were wonderfully true to life ; and what made them still more remarkable was , that they were the production of a girl only nineteen years old . That young French girl , Rosalie Bonheur , is now the famous artist known the world over as “ Rosa Bonheur . ” She was born in Bordeaux in 1822 . Her father , Raymond Bonheur , was an artist of much merit , and he was her first teacher . From earliest youth she had a great fondness for animals , and delighted in studying their habits . So , naturally enough , she made animals the subjects of her pictures , and it is in this peculiar department of art that she has become eminent . Her works are quite numerous and widely known . One of the most famous is her “ Horse-Fair , ” which was the chief attraction of the Paris Exhibition in 1853 . She is still practising her art ; and in addition to that she is the directress of a gratuitous “ School of Design ” for young girls . When Paris was besieged by the Prussians , the studio and residence of Rosa Bonheur were spared and respected by special order of the crown prince . Auguste Bonheur , a younger sister of Rosa , and one of her pupils , has also gained a high reputation as an artist . She , too , excels as a painter of animals . We give as a frontispiece to this number an engraving of one of her pictures , and we will let the picture tell its own story . It is a work that would do credit to the famous Rosa herself . ALFRED SELWYN . PIP AND POP . Pip And Pop . Pip .— Well , cousin Pop , how goes the world with you ? Do you find any worms ? Pop .— Not a sign of one ! What is to become of the race of sparrows , I do n't know . The spring is late and chilly . There is still frost in the ground . Pip .— Not even a fly have I caught this blessed day . Pop .— Just my luck , friend Pop ! If it were n't for the crumbs a little girl throws out for me every day , I should starve . Pip .— I should like to know that little girl . Where does she live ? Pop .— She is at school now . But come with me about two o'clock , and you shall be fed . Pip .— Thank you , cousin . I 'll do as much for you one of these days . I have heard of a little girl in Ohio , who feeds the birds so well , that they follow her into the house , light on her head , and play with her . Pop .— A thought strikes me , cousin . The little girl who feeds me is just as good as the Ohio girl ; but I am not as good as the Ohio birds . I have not trusted her as I ought to . I have not lighted on her head . I have not followed her into the house . Pip .— That was a fault , my dear Pop . I do not think she will put us in a cage . I think she will be good to us . Pop .— Then I 'll tell you what we 'll do . After she has had her dinner , we 'll fly in at the window , and light on the table . Pip .— A good idea ! I agree to it . Now , do n't you be afraid , Pop , and back out . Pop .— That I wo n't . First we 'll go and have a good wash in the brook , so that our feathers shall be all clean . Pip .— Another good idea ! Hunger sharpens your wits , cousin . Pop .— It sharpens my appetite : I know that . Pip .— Come on , then ! Let us see who will fly the faster to the brook . [ They fly off .] UNCLE CHARLES Birds Drinking WHAT CAME OF A DIRTY FACE . What Came of a Dirty Face . A little boy I used to know , Who went to a district school . He learned to read , and he learned to write , And to whisper against the rule . What fun it was with his marbles to play When the teacher was busy , and looking away ! This little boy , one day , was sent A pail of water to bring , And like Jack and Jill away he ran , And back he came with a swing . But , just as he entered the schoolroom door , Both he and the water went down on the floor . Oh , then , what a noise there was in the room ! The school-ma'am fetched a mop ; But , the more she tried the water to check , The more it would n't stop . There never was such water to run : It seemed , with the children , to like the fun . What was it that made the little boy fall , And show such a lack of grace ? I 'll tell you all , for I happen to know : It was only a dirty face ! He looked at himself in the water-pail , And that made the little boy 's footstep fail . WATERING THE FLOWERS . “ Why is it that flowers always grow so nicely for Mary ? I often plant seeds ; but nothing comes from them . They wo n't grow for me . But blossoms seem to spring right up wherever she goes . They must have a particular liking for her . ” That 's what Master Tom said , one day , as he saw Mary watering the flowers . Well , it is no wonder , Tom , if flowers do have a liking for such a lovable little girl . There 's nothing so very strange about that . How could they help liking her ? Watering the Flowers . But , after all , perhaps the secret of the matter is , that Mary loves the flowers , and never forgets to take care of them . She looks after them every day , and not by fits and starts , as some people do . So she has good luck with her flowers , and is always able to make up a nice bouquet . And she not only enjoys the flowers herself , but , what is better still , she takes delight in having others enjoy them with her . She does not forget to send a liberal share to the Flower Mission ; and many a poor sufferer has been cheered by the sight of Mary 's flowers . UNCLE SAM . BABY TO HER DOLL . Baby to Her Doll . I wonder what you are thinking about While you look so smiling at me . You never frown , and you never pout ; Your eyes are as clear as can be , And though you are often hurt , no doubt , Not a tear do I ever see ! W. G . PETER AND TOMMY . Peter and Tommy . Peter .— I say , Tommy , where did you get that new hat you have on your head ? Tommy .— What business is that of yours ? Peter .— Oh , I want to learn , that 's all . I may be wanting to get a hat of that kind myself , you know . Is it the latest style ? Tommy .— Look here , young one : I sha'n ' t stand any of your chaffing . As soon as I get through with my bread and butter , I shall take hold of you . Peter .— Your bark is worse than your bite , Tommy . I should n't wonder if you were to come off second best in a square fight . Tommy .— Be off , Peter , and let me eat my bread and butter in peace . Peter .— It seems to me it would be good manners to offer me a bite . Tommy .— You 'll provoke me , Peter , to give you a thrashing . Peter .— My advice is that you do n't try it on . Tommy .— Peter , you are a little upstart . I should leave nothing of you , if I once took hold of you in earnest . Peter .— It 's a hot day , Tommy , and the wisest thing you can do is to share your slice with me . I am very hungry . Tommy .— Oh , if you 're hungry , that alters the case . Sit down , Peter , and you shall have a good bite . Peter .— Ah ! That tastes nice . Now , Tommy , explain about that hat of yours . Tommy .— That 's my secret , Peter . I sha'n ' t tell it . Peter .— I can guess it . It 's only a basket . Tommy .— What a wise Peter you are ! And to think you 've had no schooling as yet ! UNCLE CHARLES . IF I WERE A FAIRY . If I were a fairy slight and small , Say , about as tall As a span-worm forming the letter O , What do you think I would do ? I know ! In the bell of the lily I 'd rock and swing , Twitter and sing ; And , taking the gold-dust under me , I 'd splash the hips of the buzzing bee , That he might have meal to make his bread , With honey spread , For his thousand babies all in rows , Each in a bandbox up to his nose . I 'd count the curls of the hyacinth By the fallen plinth , And make them glossy with morning dew By sunrise tinted with purple and blue ; And out of the sunset sky I 'd get For the violet Yellow and red , and dark marine , And purples deep , and a tender green ; And all night long , as they lay in sleep , I would paint and steep Their velvet cheeks in a hundred dyes , That well they might open great staring eyes . Unseen I would come where the tired ants tug At a heavy slug , With my rye-beard lance I 'd push it along , And they 'd think , “ All at once we are wondrous strong ! ” In the nest of the robin , under the eaves Of the apple-leaves , I 'd drop a worm in the gaping throats That answer my chirp of the mother 's notes . When bonny Miss Harebell thirsts in vain For a drop of rain , I would fill at the brook my shining cap , And lay it all dripping in her lap . Oh , what would I do as a fairy small ? I cannot tell all ; But I would do much with a right good will : To all things good , and to nothing ill. And I 'd laugh and skip , like a bird on wing , Twitter and sing , And make boys and girls , and birds and flowers , All say , “ What a lovely world is ours ! ” Well , what if I am not quite so small ? I can do it all In my own sweet home by the same good will , No fairy , but something nobler still . GEORGE S. BURLEIGH . If I Were a Fairy . A CHILD FASCINATING BIRDS . A Child Fascinating Birds . There is a little girl in Ohio , five years old , who has the power of charming birds at will . Her mother was the first to notice the exercise of this strange power . The little Girl was playing in the yard where some snowbirds were hopping about . When she spoke to them , they would come , twittering with glee , and light upon her shoulders . On her taking them in her hands and stroking them , the birds did not care to get away . They seemed to be highly pleased , and , when let loose , would fly a short distance , and soon return to the child again . She took several of them into the house to show to her mother . The mother , thinking the little girl might hurt the birds , put them out of doors . But the little birds were not to be cheated in this way . No sooner was the door opened than they flew into the room again , and alighted upon the girl 's head , and began to chirp . The birds staid about the house all winter . Whenever the door was opened , they would fly to the little girl . The parents feared that this might be a bad omen , and that the little girl would die . But she kept her health , and did not die . She still makes pets of the birds , and they come and play with her . She handles them so gently , that even a humming-bird has been known to come to her several times . Last winter a whole flock of birds kept near the house all the season . She would feed them , and then play with them for hours at a time . Every morning the birds would fly to her window , and chirp , as much as to say , “ Good-morning , little mistress ! Wake up , wake up ! ” I think the child must be a near relation of that “ Little Bell , ” of whom the poet Westwood sang ,— “ Whom God 's creatures love , ” the angels fair Murmured , “ God doth bless with angels ’ care : Child , thy bed shall be Folded safe from harm ; love deep and kind Shall watch around , and leave good gifts behind , Little Bell , for thee ! ” EMILY CARTER . DADDY FROG . Daddy Frog & Children Old Daddy Frog lives in a bog , And his coat is bottle-green ; Yellow his vest ; handsomely dressed , His pretty shape is seen . Puffing with pride , there at his side His dame is sure to be : Smiling , she says , “ No one could raise A finer family ! Singing Coa , coa , coa , kerchunk ! ” Old Daddy Frog leaps on a log In a spry and jaunty way : Calling his boys — oh , what a noise ! He joins them in their play . Hippety hop ! under they pop , And Daddy Frog says he , “ Is n't it fine ? How they will shine , This polished family ! Singing Coa , coa , coa , kerchunk ! ” Old Daddy Frog lives in the bog Till the summer days are done : Little boys grow ; dressed like a beau Now is each model son . Daddy Frog 's eyes wink with surprise , Filled with delight is he ; Dame at his side chuckles with pride , “ There 's no such family ! Singing Coa , coa , coa , kerchunk ! ” GEORGE COOPER . Daddy Frog THE FIRST CATCH . One . Two . Three . Four . Five . Fish in Hat I caught a fish alive . Why did You let him go ? Boy Bit He bit my little finger so . TALKING WITH THE FINGERS . No doubt , many of the little readers of “ The Nursery ” go to school ; yet not many of them , I think , can ever have been in such a school as the one in which I am teaching . The walls of the room are hung with pictures of birds , animals , insects , fishes , and flowers . The blackboard is covered with drawings of many familiar objects . While I am writing this , seven little boys and nine little girls ( how many does that make in all ?) are busy writing on their slates . These children do not have any books to study . I tell them what I wish to teach them , and they write it down , and try to remember it . But I teach them without speaking a word . I talk to them with my fingers . You have guessed already , I dare say , that these dear little children are deaf and dumb ; that is , they can neither hear nor speak . They cannot go to school and live at home , and see papa and mamma night and morning , as you can ; for there are no schools for them near their homes . They have to go a long way from home , and stay in school many long weeks without seeing father or mother , brother or sister . So , when vacation comes , how glad and happy they are ! Some of them are even now writing on their slates , “ In sixteen weeks we shall go home . ” I have said that these children cannot speak ; but that is not quite true , for many of them are learning to speak . When I talk to them , they look very closely at my lips , and so learn to tell what I am saying . Some of them have very sweet and pleasant voices , the sound of which they have never heard in all their lives . And now let me say that I hope you will learn the finger-alphabet ; so that , if you visit any of my little pupils , you can talk to them . If you ask them , they will spell very slowly ,— how fast they can spell !— so that you can read what they say . Perhaps you can get “ The Nursery ” to print the alphabet for you . S. A. E . ROCHESTER , N. Y ., March , 1880 . A DAY ON GRANDPA 'S FARM . A Day on Grandpa 's Farm “ Arlington ! ” cried the conductor , as the train stopped at a little station in Central Wisconsin . We got out of the car just in time to see grandpa driving up in his big double wagon . We climbed in , and grandpa said , “ Get up , Bill ! Go along , Jip ! ” and away we started for the farm . When we got there , the first thing we saw was grandma making cookies with holes in them . She said she would give us some if we would be sure and not eat the holes . After dinner , my sister Ally , cousin Johnny , and I , went out to take a ramble in the barn and hunt for eggs . Pretty soon we heard Johnny calling , “ Oh , come quick , and see what I have found ! ” We ran quickly to the place where he was , and there we saw a hen with a brood of chickens . One of the chicks was on its mother 's back , one was on the floor in front of her , and the others were peeping out from under her wings . It was a pretty sight . After naming each of the chickens , we all made a search for eggs . We found one nest with five eggs in it , another with three , and another with two . Johnny put the eggs in his cap , and carried them into the house . He soon came running back , saying , “ Now , let us go and have a swing . ” So we all went to the swing , and swung till we were tired . Then Ally said , “ Oh , come and see the ducks swimming on the pond ! ” but Johnny said , “ Wait till I get my boat , that uncle Sam made for me . ” So we all went to the pond , and Johnny put in his boat . It sailed right out among the ducks , and they were much afraid of it , and swam away as fast as they could , saying , “ Quack , quack , quack ! ” Johnny went to the other side of the pond to get his boat , which had sailed across , and he had just got back when we heard grandma calling , “ Children , come in to supper . ” After supper , mamma read us a story from “ The Nursery , ” and then tucked us snugly in bed , and we went to sleep to dream of cookies , and hunting eggs . S. H. P . EMMA AND ETTA . Emma and Etta Emma and Etta are sisters . They have a doll whose name is Clara . They are very fond of Clara , and it would be hard to tell which of the two Clara likes best . It is not often that one doll has two such mothers . In the picture you may see Emma dressing the doll . She has curled the sweet little thing 's hair , and Etta has a nice , clean gown all ready for her to put on . It is to be hoped that this doll with two mothers will not be too much petted . It would be a pity if she should become a spoiled child . A. B. C . Child and Doll BROWNIE 'S ADVENTURE . Brownie 's Adventure Grace and Willie named him Brownie , because all his brothers and sisters were white , and he was such a funny little brown puff-ball of a chicken . Mrs. Speckle ( that was his mother ) was just as proud of him as she could be ; but foolish Brownie thought her too strict . She would never consent to let one of the downy things out of her sight for a moment , and told them fearful stories of hawks and weasels , to say nothing of bad boys and big dogs . But Brownie kept thinking that some day , when he was a little older and stronger , he would leave the yard , and see whether there were really such dangers in the fields and woods as his mother said there was . After a while the pretty brown feathers all dropped out , one after another , until Brownie looked more like a chicken which had been plucked than any thing else . Grace could not keep from laughing at the sight of him ; and it was very droll when he popped up on a log , and tried a weak , quavering crow . To be sure , Mrs. Speckle did not keep a looking-glass , and I suppose poor Brownie had no idea how very absurd he looked . To tell the truth , he thought he was almost grown up , and began to watch for a chance to begin his journey to see the world . He had not the least doubt that he would see something fine , if he could only get out of the sight of his mother , who was so very strict , and had such foolish notions , as he thought . So , one day , as Mrs. Speckle was having a friendly chat with Dame Top-Knot , he took the chance to creep slyly under the fence , and was off all alone . “ How silly mothers are ! And such cowards too ! ” he said to himself . “ I am sure there 's nothing here to hurt me . I would like to see any one meddle with me ! ” At this instant he felt a sharp peck ; and a voice said close to his ear , “ Halloo , little one , you had better start for home ! ” He looked up , and saw young Green-Wing , who was two months older , and boasted a comb of good size , to say nothing of his sharp spurs . Brownie thought it best to say nothing after the first “ peep , ” and hid , trembling with fright , under the first leaf he could find . But the sun shone , the sky was a lovely blue , the ground was bright with flowers , and there were many bugs crawling about . Brownie had quite a feast , and was beginning to regain his spirits , when something happened which turned all his thoughts topsy-turvy . The sky grew dark all at once . Something caught hold of him , and Brownie felt himself going up , up , so swiftly , that it quite took his breath away . “ It must be a thousand miles , ” he thought . Crack ! went a gun . Then the hawk let go and Brownie went down , down to the ground , where he lay for a long time as if he were dead . When he opened his eyes it was almost dark . The sun had set , and he had forgotten the way home . “ I shall never see mamma again , ” he sobbed . “ I wish I had been good and not run away . ” “ Why , here 's Brownie ! ” cried Grace 's voice . “ The hawk did not get him after all . Come , Willie , and help me drive him to the hen-house . ” “ I hope , my dear , you will never be so very naughty again , ” said Mrs. Speckle , as he crept under her wing . MRS. B. P . SIBLEY . Hen and Chicks A MISJUDGED FRIEND . The gardener shut the garden gate , And went to weed the onion-bed : The growing plants stood tall and straight ; “ But what is this ? ” surprised he said . Some broken bricks , some stones and sticks , And underneath them , crushed and dead , A large brown toad ! “ James , Martin , Fred ! ” He called three little boys , who played Near by , beneath a pear-tree 's shade , And sternly asked , “ What cruel play Is this you 've been about to-day ? ” “ ‘ Tis very hard we should be blamed , I 'm sure ! ” poor little James exclaimed : “ We only killed the toad because An ugly-looking thing he was ,— So very ugly , that we knew He surely would some mischief do . He had great warts upon his back , And curious blotches , greenish black , And darting tongue , and strange flat head ” — “ And how he sprawled his legs ! ” cried Fred . “ His mouth , ” said Martin , “ was so wide , It reached far round on either side ; And queer winks with his eyes he 'd give : We did not dare to let him live . We had to kill that toad because An ugly-looking thing he was . ” The gardener gravely shook his head ; “ It was a heartless act , ” he said ; “ And , more than that , you may depend Upon my word , you 've killed a friend ; For often , at my work , I 've found This same toad near me , hopping round , And , watching him , I 've learned that he My constant helper used to be ,— A second gardener , with no pay , Who still was busy every day . “ He killed the young potato-bugs , The caterpillars , and the slugs , The beetles striped with yellow lines , That spoil the tender melon-vines , And looked round with his blinking eyes For cabbage-worms and turnip-flies , Low-flying moths with downy wings , And slimy snails in shady nooks . It was the cruellest of things To kill poor Hop Toad for his looks . “ And if , when you shall older grow , You strangers judge by outward show , You 'll be as foolish as unjust : In worthless men you 'll put your trust , And often sorrow , in the end , For having wronged some honest friend . MARIAN DOUGLAS . A CURE FOR THE TOOTHACHE . Our Ned is a brave little fellow about eight years old . He is full of fun , and loves to play out of doors in all kinds of weather . But what little boy can be merry when he has a raging toothache ! Ned bore it like a hero ; but he had to give up at last , and he was glad to take refuge in his mother 's lap , and be a baby again for a while . With his head pillowed on his mother 's breast , the little boy found some relief ; but still he was in great pain . His sister stood by , trying to think of some way to help him . Ned could hardly keep from crying ; but he said to his mother , “ I should like to have you tell me a story . ” “ What shall it be , darling ? ” said his mother . “ Tell me about Harry and his dog Jack . ” This story had been told to Ned when he was a very , very little boy , and a good many times since then . It seemed odd to his mother that he had chosen such an old story . But he wanted to hear it ; and so she told it all over again . This is the story :— “ There was once a little boy named Harry , and he had a little dog named Jack . Jack was a queer-looking dog . He was nearly all black ; but he had a white tail , and his front-feet were white . “ Harry loved Jack very much , and as he never forgot to feed him , and never teased him , the dog loved Harry very much . When Harry went to school , Jack went too ,— not into the schoolroom ( for dogs can n't learn to read , you know ) , but into the school-yard , where he played about till Harry came out again . At recess , he used to play with the boys , and have almost as much fun as if he were a boy too . “ The yard was n't very large , and , when the boys played ball , they would often throw the ball over the fence . Then it was Jack 's part of the play to run after the ball . The boys would call , ‘ Jack , Jack ! ’ and Jack would run under the fence , seize the ball in his mouth , and bring it back to the boys . Mother , Son , & Daughter “ But , one day , the ball rolled off the pavement out into the street . A wagon was passing just then ; and Jack was in such a hurry to get the ball , that he ran right in its way , and the wheel went over his leg . “ The boys all ran out to help Jack ; and one of them said , ‘ O Harry ! I 'm afraid that he is badly hurt ; for see , he runs on three legs , and lets the other one hang . ’ Harry took Jack up in his arms , and said , ‘ Poor Jack , poor little Jack . ’ Then he felt very gently of the dog 's leg , and found that it was broken . “ Oh , how sorry Harry and all the other boys felt ! Harry could n't keep from crying , and they all said that if little Jack got well they would n't send him out after the ball any more . “ As soon as they were back in the yard , Harry ran into the school-house with Jack in his arms , and said to the teacher , ‘ Please , sir , may I go home now ? My poor little dog Jack has broken his leg , and I want to show him to my mother , and try and make it better . ’ The teacher said , ‘ Yes , Harry , you are a good boy , and Jack is a good little dog , and you may take him home . ’ So Harry started at once . “ When Harry 's mother saw him coming home , she was afraid he was sick . She ran out to the gate , and said , ‘ Why , Harry ! What makes you come home so early to-day ? ’ — ‘ O mamma ! ’ said Harry , ‘ my poor little Jack has broken his leg ! ’ Then Harry 's mother looked at Jack , and , after thinking a minute said , ‘ My dear Harry , I am very sorry ; but I think we shall have to kill little Jack to save him from suffering . A dog 's broken leg cannot be made whole again . ’ “ Oh , how sad little Harry felt when his mother said that ! It made him cry very hard . But in a little while something made him stop crying : and what do you guess it was ? Why , he began to think that perhaps his mamma was mistaken when she said that dogs could n't have their legs mended ; and he thought he would go to the doctor who cured him when he was sick , and ask about it . “ So he said , ‘ Dear mamma , please let me go and ask Dr. Stratton if he wo n't try to fix Jack 's leg . ’ And his mother said , ‘ Well , Harry , you may go ; but I do n't think the doctor will do it . ’ “ So Harry put on his hat , and went over to Dr. Stratton 's . Harry knocked on the doctor 's door . ‘ Come in ! ’ said the doctor . ‘ Why , Harry ! What do you want ? Anybody sick at your house ? ’ “ ‘ N-no , sir , ’ said Harry , ‘ not exactly anybody , but my little dog Jack has a broken leg , and mamma says you can n't mend it ; but please try . My dear little dog is such a good dog , and mamma says he will have to be killed . Will you please try ? ’ “ Now , the doctor was a very kind man . He smiled , and said , ‘ Well , Harry , I never mended a dog 's leg ; but I 'll try for your sake — but wo n't he bite me ? ’ “ ‘ Oh , no ! ’ said Harry . ‘ My dog Jack always minds me , and he will do just as I tell him . ’ “ So the good doctor put on his hat , and went with Harry . When they were in Harry 's house , the doctor said that he must have some very smooth pieces of wood . Harry said , ‘ I think the cover to my broken paint-box would do if it was whittled . ’ So he brought it , and the doctor said it was just the thing . “ Then the doctor said , ‘ Now I must have some white cotton-cloth . ’ Harry 's mother gave the doctor an old shirt , and he tore it into strips . Then he said , ‘ Now , Harry , I am ready . ’ “ So Harry brought the little dog Jack , and said to him , ‘ Now , Jack , lie still ! ’ And the good dog did n't move or bite while the doctor set his leg , and bound it up with the pieces of wood and the cloth . Then the doctor said , ‘ Now , Harry , you must take good care of Jack and keep him in the house till his leg is quite well . ’ “ ‘ I will , ’ said Harry . Then he made a nice soft bed and laid Jack in it , and took good care of him , and in a few weeks , what do you think ? Jack was well ! “ I tell you , the boys were glad to see him back at school ; and one of them made a rhyme about him that they used to sing every morning when they saw him coming ,— “ ‘ Little dog Jack , he broke his leg ; But now he 's come back , peg-a-ty-peg ! ’ ” This was the end of the story , and Ned was so quiet that his mother thought he was asleep . But , all of a sudden , he looked up , with a smile , and said , “ I 'm going out now to have a game of foot-ball . ” “ Why , what has become of that toothache ? ” “ All gone , ” said Ned . “ Why , that is a most wonderful cure . We will go and tell the dentist about it to-morrow . ” MRS. HENRIETTA R. ELIOT . Children Playing SONG OF THE BIRDS . Words from the Nursery . Music by T. CRAMPTON . Music 1 . Chipper , chipper , chip ! come , clear the way ! We must be at work to day . See us swiftly fly along , Hear outbursts of merry song ; Watch us in our busy flight Glancing in your window bright ; Save your bits of yarn for me ; Just think what a help ‘ twould be ! 2 . Chipper , chipper , chip ! Hark , how he sings , As he comes for threads and strings , Which he is not slow to see , From the budding lilac tree ! Now with cunning saucy pranks , See him nod his hearty thanks : “ These are just the thing , ” says he ; “ What a help they 'll be to me ! ” 3 . Chipper , chipper , chip ! Now see him go , Now so fast and now so slow ; Working ever at the nest , Never stopping once to rest , Getting bits of straw and things For his good wife , while he sings , “ Chip , chip , chip , so gay are we , Singing in the lilac tree . ” 1. 50 for a Subscription to “ The Nursery ” will make a child happy all the year . AND NOT WEAR OUT . SOLD by Watchmakers . By mail , 30 cts . circulars FREE J. S. BIRCH & CO ., 38 Dey St ., N. Y .; A KEY THAT WILL WIND ANY WATCH ELGIN WATCHES . All styles , Gold , Silver and Nickel , $ 6 to $ 150 , Chains , etc ., sent C. O. D . to be examined . Write for Catalogue to STANDARD AMERICAN WATCH CO ., PITTSBURGH , PA . Shot Gun GREAT WESTERN GUN WORKS , Pittsburgh , Pa . Send stamp for Catalogue . Rifles , Shot Guns , Revolvers , sent c. o. d . for examination Induce your neighbors and friends to Subscribe for “ The Nursery ” at once . Castoria Pleasant to take ; never narcotic , always regulates the Stomach and Bowels . No Sour-Curd or Wind-Colic ; no Feverishness or Diarrhoea ; no Congestion or Worms , and no Cross Children or worn-out Mothers where Castoria is used . THOUSANDS VISIT THE MINERAL SPRINGS , Here and abroad , and spend thousands of dollars in search for health , when a few doses of Tarrant 's Seltzer Aperient would accomplish the same results , at the cost of a few cents . Each bottle contains from thirty to forty glasses of Sparkling Seltzer , which makes it positively the cheapest , as well as the most efficacious mineral water extant . SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS . TARRANT 'S SELTZER APERIENT . HANFORD 'S NONE SUCH BAKING POWDER Is ABSOLUTELY PURE ;— Grape Cream Tartar and Bicarb . Soda , Contains nothing else ; full weight ; forfeited if not as represented . All other kinds have filling . Sample of pure powder and test to detect filling free by mail . GEO . C. HANFORD , Syracuse , N. Y . 52 Gold , Crystal , Lace Perfumed and Chrome Cards name in Gold and Jet , l0c . Clinton Drive , Cromwell Coun . 50 Elegent New Chromos , Shells , Gold-border & c. cards , name on 10c G. A . Spring , Northford , Ct . A PRESENT . Beautiful Chromo Cards given to readers of this paper for 3c . stamp , C. B. Ravene , Summit , N. Y INVALID ROLLING CHAIR . ( RECLINING ) A Priceless boon to those who are unable to walk . Hon . A. H. Stephens , M. C ., and hundreds of others use them . Send for Circular to FOLDING CHAIR CO. New Haven , Conn . Invalid Rolling Chair Choicest Illustrated Books for Children . Bound Volumes of “ The Nursery ” — Half-Yearly $ 1. 00 " " " " Yearly 1. 75 The Beautiful Book — A collection of Choice. 75 The Easy Book — In Large Type . Full. 75 " " " " " Half ". 50 The Nursery Primer — A superb book of 64. 30 The Nursery Reader — Nos . 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 , each. 30 “ The Nursery ” for Primary Schools — Nos . 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 , each. 30 Nursery Stories in Prose and Rhyme 1. 00 Sent , postpaid , on receipt of price . A liberal discount to schools . Address , THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass Subscriptions may commence with any number and for any time . $ 2. 50 Per Hundred . CHEAP $ 2. 50 per Hundred . Supplementary Reading for Primary Schools ! The Child 's Monthly Reader . The third volume of “ The Child 's Monthly , ” a magazine which has been used with great success in many primary schools , was completed with its March issue . It is now consolidated with “ The Nursery , ” which will embody all its most prominent features . We can supply back numbers of “ The Child 's Monthly ” and “ Monthly Reader ” at the above low rate . We call the especial attention of School Committees , Teachers , and others to the opportunity here afforded of obtaining the Choicest and Best Illustrated Reading-Matter at a trifling expense . Each number contains 16 pages , printed in large type on fine tinted paper . Send stamp for a specimen copy . Address THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . BOUND VOLUMES OF “ THE NURSERY ” Will be sent , postpaid , by the publisher at the following prices :— Half-Yearly Volumes , $ 1 . Yearly Volumes , $ 1. 75 . The magazine was begun in 1867 . OXFORD 'S SENIOR SPEAKER . A splendid volume , containing the best collection extant , of Pieces for Declamation , New Dialogues , & c. Illustrated with excellent likenesses of Charbam , Mirabeau , Webster , Demosthenes , Cicero , Grattan , Patrick Henry , Curran , Sheridan , Madame Roland , Victor Hugo , Calhoun , Hayne , Everett , Tennyson , Longfellow . O. W. Holmes , Bret Harte , Epes Sargent , Thackeray , Dickens , and many more , embracing Ninety Beautiful Illustrations in all . Every schoolboy ought to have this book ; it is latest and best SPEAKER . Price 1. 50 . OXFORD 'S JUNIOR SPEAKER Beautifully illustrated ( Price 75 Cents ) , is the best work of the kind for younger classes in Declamations . THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston . PRETTY PAPERS FOR PAPER DOLLS AND MAY BASKETS Send 15 cents , and get 20 varieties by mail . THE NURSERY , 36 Bromfield Street Boston , Mass . Please Show your copy of The Nursery to all your friends , and ask them to subscribe for it at once . Get up a Club and thereby earn a handsome Premium . PLEASE OBSERVE When your subscription expires , and be sure to renew promptly so that your name may remain on the list undisturbed . If your label has no number attached , then your subscription expires with the December number , ( No . 168 ) .