THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . VOLUME XXIII .— No . 4 . Contents IN PROSE . PAGE Tired Out 98 Emma and the Book 101 The Bear and Her Cubs 103 How Two Boys Were Made Happy 107 The Summer Shower 109 A Monkey Story 110 Drawing Lesson 113 What Bravo Told Rory 116 Playing the Chinaman 119 Pansy 's Secret 120 Sagacity of the Deer 125 IN VERSE . PAGE The Herons 100 Billy Brown Sold 105 Time to Go to Bed 114 A Trotting Song 123 Grandma Asleep 127 The Lay of the Grasshopper ( with music ) 128 TIRED OUT . TIRED OUT . O ] NE day Miss Lily Macnish heard the door-bell ring . She put down her spelling-book , and asked , “ Who can that be , mamma ? ” Before mamma could give an answer , Jane the housemaid entered , and handed her a note . “ Why , this is not for me : it is for you , my dear , ” said Mrs. Macnish , giving the note to Lily . “ For me ! ” said Lily , while her cheeks flushed ; for it was the first note she had ever received . “ Please read it for me , mamma , ” she said ; for Lily could not read handwriting quite as well as some little girls of her age that I could tell of . “ It is an invitation to a children 's party at Mrs. Vane 's , ” said mamma . “ Miss Lucy Vane asks the pleasure of Miss Lily 's company on Thursday evening , at seven o'clock . ” “ Oh , can I go ? Can I go ? ” cried Lily , jumping up , and clapping her hands . “ I do not quite approve of children 's parties , especially when they take place in the evening , ” said mamma . “ But I know who will say ‘ Yes , ’ and I suppose I shall have to do as he says . ” She was thinking of Lily 's papa , who loved the little girl so much , that he could not bear to say “ No ” to any request she might make . Well , mamma was right . Papa saw that his little girl was bent on going to the party , and so he teased his wife into yielding her consent . So , when Thursday came , Lily was dressed up in her little white robe , with straw-colored ribbons , and her pretty slippers , and sent in a carriage , with Jane the housemaid , to the party . It was not quite such a party as I approve of . I do not like to see little girls and boys trying to act like grown-up people . I like to see them act like children . Lily had the good taste to get tired of it all very soon . Little girls would come along and stare at her slippers ; but she did not feel much pride in them . Little boys would come and bow , and ask her to dance ; but she had had enough . There was music and singing , and then ice-cream and cake were handed round ; but Lily had promised to eat nothing , and she kept her promise . At half-past eight o'clock she saw Jane beckoning to her at the door ; and very glad she was at the sight . Bidding Miss Vane “ good-night , ” she let Jane put on her shawl , and lead her to the carriage . “ Oh , I am so tired , so tired ! ” said poor Lily . Mamma received her at the door of her own house , and , taking her in her arms , bore her up stairs to the little girl 's papa . “ What ! has she come back so soon ? ” said he , throwing down his newspaper , and taking her on his knee . “ Oh , you dear papa , I am so tired , so tired ! ” murmured Lily . “ Oh , do sing me ‘ Flow gently , sweet Afton , ’ and let me go to sleep on your lap . ” But mamma said , “ No , Lily . You must go to bed while you can keep your eyes open . ” And so Lily kissed papa , and was borne off to bed . I think she will wait till she is older , before she will care much to go to another “ children 's party . ” DORA BURNSIDE . Illustration THE HERONS . Illustration A VERY shy bird Is the heron , my dear ; It will run fast away , If you come very near : It has a sharp bill , A neck slender and long ; It is fond of small fish , And goes where they throng . It builds a snug nest On some very high tree , And there lays its eggs , Where the boys cannot see . Woods marshy and wet , It likes to frequent ; For there it finds food , And there lives content . No sportsmen with guns Come often to kill : And when they appear The heron keeps still ; It keeps still and hides On a lofty bough near , Till the fowler says , “ Well , I can find no birds here . ” Then he and his dogs Go off in the dumps , And the heron flies down To the bushes and stumps ; There flaps its big wings , Right glad to have cheated The life-seeking foes , Who now have retreated . IDA FAY . EMMA AND THE BOOK . Illustration ONE day little Emma said to herself , “ It is about time that I knew how to read . I wonder if I could read that big book on the table . ” So she went to the table , and tried to reach the book ; but it was too high up . Now , Emma had a brother Fred , who was older than she was . Fred was always very kind to Emma , and now he said , “ That is not such a book as you would like , but if you will be quiet , I will read you a story out of my own book . ” It was a pretty little story that he read ; and Emma stood very still , and listened to every word . “ Now , ” said she , “ will you please let me have the book , Fred ; for my dolly likes stories too , and I want to read to her . ” So Fred gave her the book , and she sat down and read to her doll . WILHELMINA GRANT . Illustration Illustration THE BEAR AND HER CUBS . “ ARE there any people besides Esquimaux in the snow-country ? ” asked Harry , one day . “ Not many , ” said I . “ There is a small Danish settlement in Greenland ; but , with that exception , the Esquimaux and the bears have the country pretty much to themselves . ” “ Tell me about the bears , ” said Harry . “ I saw a bear last summer at the White mountains . He was chained to a tree . ” “ But the bear that roams about over the snow and ice of the Arctic regions , is much larger and more savage than the common black bear that you saw . It is of a dingy white color . When full grown , it sometimes measures nine feet in length . ” “ Did n't I see one in Barnum 's menagerie ? ” “ I think not , Harry ; for the polar bear suffers so much from heat , even in our coldest winters , that it will not live long in this climate . “ There is one thing very interesting in the bear nature , and that is the affection of the female for its young . This has often been noticed . Here is a picture showing an instance of it . “ A Greenland bear with two cubs , was pursued across a field of ice by a party of armed sailors . At first she tried to urge the young ones along by running before them , turning around and calling them to her ; but finding that the pursuers were gaining upon them , she pushed and threw the cubs before her , one after the other , until she effected their escape . “ Each cub would place itself across her path to receive the impulse , and when thrown forward , would run onward until overtaken by the mother , when it would adjust itself for another throw . ” “ Well , that shows that even a bear has some good feeling , ” said Harry , “ and some common sense too . I 'm glad that the sailors did not catch them . What would those cubs have done without their mother ? ” UNCLE CHARLES . Illustration BROWN BILLY SOLD . EDITH , with cheek against the window , Is sobbing out her grief ; Gold-Locks is in a sad condition Of pocket-handkerchief . And Teddy at his play is sniffing , His little nose all red ! Is Tony sick ? Is pussy stolen ? Is the canary dead ? Else why this universal crying ?— Weepingly I am told , With many a look of indignation , “ Brown Billy has been sold ! ” And why ? No one can tell the reason ; And yet I chance to know , It was — ah , wicked little pony !— Because he acted so . Sometimes the phaeton all too heavy Would grow for him to draw ; You 'd think his feeble strength must perish Under another straw . Sometimes as light as any feather He rolled its dainty wheels , Humming and whirring like a spindle After his flying heels . And , worse than that , he had a fashion Of rearing in the air ; And what became of load or driver He did not know nor care . Yet , without least alarm , the children Would laugh at him , and say , “ Do see dear , cunning , old Brown Billy : How well he likes to play ! ” And bits of apple , lumps of sugar , From little hands were given , With fond pet names , and soft caresses , And sometimes kisses even . Brown Billy , but for your wild frolics We might have had you yet ; And then these three sweet doleful faces With tears would not be wet . MRS. CLARA DOTY BATES . HOW TWO BOYS WERE MADE HAPPY . MAY I tell the readers of “ The Nursery ” how happy two little boys were made this evening by the arrival of a present from a kind friend ? And what do you think it was ? A magazine with a green cover , on which Guy , one of the boys , pointed out these letters , “ N-U-R-S-E-R-Y . ” Max , with his chubby hand , turned to the first page , and found the Christmas-tree , with the baby and flag at the top . Then mamma had to read the story , and , after it was finished , the same little hand turned the leaf back ; for the blue eyes wanted to see baby Arthur again . Then how both pairs of eyes looked at Teddy with his new sled ! and , while mamma read to them the pretty verses of Teddy 's mamma , they were still as mice . And how their eyes sparkled when they saw the picture of the wheelbarrows and cart loaded with earth ! for this was just the way they used to play in the warm pleasant weather . They thought the three little boys must have had lots of fun . Then they wanted to hear about “ Georgie 's Pet Mouse , ” and “ Bess and the Kitten . ” They did not wonder that “ Baby ” felt cross at having his picture taken ; for Max had to sit still so long , and so many times for his , that he knew how to pity the poor baby . The “ Rooster ” pleased them very much ; and mamma promised to take “ The Nursery ” to the Kindergarten , and draw the rooster on the board for the little children there . When we came to “ Bed-time , ” mamma thought it would be just the thing to read last , before putting her little boys to bed . But they begged for one more story , and just one more , till we came to “ By-lo-land , ” and after hearing that read , they wanted me to sing it to them . Then the night-dresses were brought , and snugly in their little bed the brown eyes and blue eyes were closed , and my happy little boys went “ over the hills to By-lo-land . ” MRS. F. A . B. D . Illustration Illustration THE SUMMER SHOWER . WELL do I remember dear old aunt Rachel , as we called her , my first schoolmistress . She wore spectacles , and I have heard it said that she sometimes took snuff ; but , if she did , she was careful not to do it in the presence of her pupils . She was the aunt of nobody in particular ; but , had she been aunt to all of us , she could not have taken more pains to keep us from harm , and to lead us in the way of right . One day , just as school was dismissed in the afternoon , a severe rain-storm began . “ Oh ! how shall I get you all home , ” said the dear old lady , opening the door , and looking up at the clouds . First she fitted me and my little sister Eva out with her best umbrella , and told us to make the best speed we could , and send the umbrella back . As for the boys , they ran out , rejoicing in the rain , and well pleased at the prospect of getting wet through . The other little girls were kept waiting till the sky should clear , or some one should come for them . My sister and I started off , side by side , under our umbrella . It was a large cotton one , with a long , heavy handle ,— just about suited to the capacity of a giant . But , by taking hold very high up , I managed to carry it without any trouble , and it kept us both dry . We really enjoyed our walk ; and , the harder the rain came down , the better we liked it . No sooner had we got home than the clouds broke , and patches of blue sky began to appear . Then Eva spied a rainbow . So mother told us to put on dry shoes and stockings , and take back the umbrella . How glad Aunt Rachel was to see and welcome us ! “ I am so glad you did not get wet , ” said she ; “ but , as for those wild boys , they would rush out into the rain , and I could not keep them from it . ” IDA FAY . A MONKEY STORY . THIS is one of the true stories that I tell my little boys over and over again , as we sit before the fire , and make ready for their journey to “ Sleepy-Land . ” “ When your grandfather was a lad about twelve years old , an uncle of his made a voyage to South America , and brought home as a present to his nephew a fine large monkey . Of course Master Richard was very much pleased ; and the frolicsome pet would have had a warm welcome from the whole household , had not the uncle seen fit to report some of Jocko 's pranks on shipboard . Illustration “ This put the young ladies upon their guard . But old Bella , the cook , never seemed prepared for his capers ; and the fuss she made over them pleased Jocko so much , that she became the object of his attacks . “ One day Bella went to the city , and brought home a fine new bonnet in a large bandbox . During the evening she showed it with great pride to the young ladies ; and , unknown to her , Jocko enjoyed the sight of the ribbons and laces and flowers from behind the parlor sofa . “ Like Bella herself , he was fond of finery ; and the bonnet seemed to him a very fit garment for a monkey to wear . So the next morning , while Bella was busy in the kitchen , Jocko went to her closet , took out her bandbox , dressed himself in the bonnet , and stole down the back-stairs . “ Bella , hearing a noise , looked around , and there he was , his head literally lost in a sea of red and yellow ribbons . With a shout of rage , she seized the broomstick , and hurried after the thief . But before she could reach him , Jocko had mounted two flights of stairs , leaped out on the porch , and climbed up to the roof of the house . “ There he rested ; and there he was when the whole household , frightened by Bella 's shrieks , came running up to see what was the matter . In vain Bella scolded . In vain Richard coaxed and threatened . Jocko would not come down until he had finished his work ; for he was busily engaged in tearing poor Bella 's bonnet into fragments . “ As ribbon after ribbon was destroyed , her screams grew louder and louder ; and nothing could move her from her determination to kill the monkey , except the promise of a gayer bonnet than the one that Jocko had stolen . “ But Jocko never was forgiven ; and the poor fellow would have gone supperless a great many times , had it not been for his devoted young master . ” MRS. G . DRAWING-LESSON . TIME TO GO TO BED . DAUGHTER . “ WHY must I go to sleepy-land , sleepy-land , sleepy-land ? Why must I go to sleepy-land So early in the evening ? I 'd like to stay up longer , pa , longer , pa , longer , pa ; I 'd like to stay up longer , pa : To sleepy-land it is too far , So early in the evening . ” FATHER . “ ‘ Tis time to go to bed , my dear , bed , my dear , bed , my dear ; ‘ Tis time to go to bed , my dear , Though early in the evening . For such a little girl as you , girl as you , girl as you , For such a little girl as you Should be abed , and sleeping too , Thus early in the evening . ” DAUGHTER . “ Oh ! then I 'll sing another song , another song , another song ; Oh ! then I 'll sing another song , So early in the evening ! For you must take me pick-a-pack , pick-a-pack , pick-a-pack , For you must take me pick-a-pack , My good papa , upon your back , So early in the evening . ” Illustration FATHER . “ Then jump , and we 'll go up the stairs , up the stairs , up the stairs ; Then jump , and we 'll go up the stairs So early in the evening . Now here she is ! My pig is safe , pig is safe , pig is safe , Now here she is ! My pig is safe : It must not squeal , or kick , or chafe So early in the evening . ” DAUGHTER . “ So up we go ! Good-by , mamma , by , mamma , by , mamma ; So up we go ! Good-by , mamma , So early in the evening ! I 'm going off to sleepy-land , sleepy-land , sleepy-land , I 'm going off to sleepy-land : To all good folks I kiss my hand , So early in the evening ! ” EMILY CARTER . WHAT BRAVO TOLD RORY . “ TELL us a story , Kate , ” said Emma . “ Yes , do , ” chimed in Bertha . “ Will you tell us a story ? ” said Herbert . Thus entreated by these dear , good children , I could not refuse . So while their three heads , close together , with their bright faces beaming upon me and upon each other , formed a pretty picture , I told them this story about two shepherd-dogs , Bravo and Rory :— “ When farmer John and his bride moved into their little white house , a mile from the old homestead , they took with them the young dog , Bravo , and left Rory to guard the old house . Bravo was large and wide awake , but only five months old . He seemed very happy in his new home . His master taught him many curious things ; and for a week or more he showed no signs of home-sickness . “ But when old Toss , from the tannery near by , made an attack upon him , although Bravo 's fleetness saved him from harm , he began to wish he had never left his puppy-hood 's home to live with farmer John . Down he sat at the door of his kennel , with a lonely and forsaken look , trying to smooth down the hair of his sleek coat that old Toss had ruffled . “ The tanner 's dog repeated his attack for two or three days , and , more than that , drove poor Bravo from his nice warm quarters at night , compelling him to lie out in the cold . Then Bravo said to himself , ‘ Something must be done . I dare not fight Toss ; for he has long teeth , and is a savage dog ,— more than a match for me . I think my best plan is to go and tell Rory . ’ And away he sped , just at sunrise , and came back in time for breakfast , with a cheerful look in his face . Illustration “ Now , Rory was steady and brave and wise . He had no love for running round nights : so it surprised his master , when , just as the sun went down that day , Rory started down the road , and up the lane to farmer John 's . On he went , with a grave look , without stopping to greet any old friend , even by a wag of his tail . Bravo met him , and whisked around him ; and , after a short consultation , the two dogs crawled into the kennel , Rory staying nearest to the door . “ The moon shone clear and bright , and all was still until about midnight , when farmer John 's wife was suddenly awakened by a sound of growling , snarling , and yelping . ‘ Wake up , John , quick , quick ! Get up ! ’ she shouted . The farmer leaped from his bed , and , half-dressed , ran to the door , thinking that the dogs were killing sheep ; but instead of sheep , Rory and Bravo had Toss at their mercy , and were giving him a fearful punishment . ” “ Good , good ! ” shouted Herbert . “ That served him just right . ” But little Bertha turned a wondering look upon Herbert ; she could not help feeling pity even for Toss . “ Let us hear the rest of the story , ” said Emma . So I went on ,— “ The sharp voice of the farmer made Rory and Bravo release their victim ; and Toss , in a crestfallen way , started for his home ; but , before he could get over the fence , Rory gave him a final clutch that sent him off yelping . He never came back ; and when he met Bravo afterwards , he was careful not to trouble him . “ In a short time Bravo grew to be so strong and brave , that he could fight his own battles without the aid of his friend Rory . ” The three children , who had listened very attentively to the story , now talked it over ; and they came to the conclusion that Toss received a good lesson , and was probably a better dog after it . “ For , ” said Herbert , “ a dog who abuses a smaller dog is almost as mean as a big boy who tyrannizes over a little boy . ” M. KATE BRAWLEY . Illustration Illustration PLAYING THE CHINAMAN . FRANZ is a little boy about four years old , who lives in Brooklyn , California . His favorite play is to take some pieces of cloth , fill his mouth with water , turn his head from side to side , letting the water squirt from the corners of his mouth upon them ( as he has seen the Chinamen do at the laundry ) , fold them , turn the iron-stand on its back , and carefully smooth them . This is Foo Lee , washing and ironing . Sometimes the clothes are not wet enough , and the sprinkling goes on with the ironing . “ Your clothes will smell of tobacco and opium , if you sprinkle them so much , ” says Franz 's elder brother . “ No , they wo n't , ” says the little wash-man . “ Me do them good ; me do them cheap . ” When he gets tired of this , he puts his wash into a piece of paper , and takes the bundle to mamma . “ I hope the clothes are not too blue , John , ” says mamma . “ No , ” answers Foo Lee . “ They done good this time . ” “ And did you find my stockings , which were missing from last week 's wash ? ” “ Yes , they all here . I found them : they all right this time ,— fifty dozen . ” “ How much shall I pay you ? ” “ Six bits . ” ( Seventy-five cents .) “ I do them velly cheap . ” Mamma gives him two buttons ,— one large one for the four-bit piece , ( fifty cents ) , and a smaller one for the two bits ( twenty-five cents ) . “ Thankee . Good-baah ! ” says Foo Lee . “ Good-by , ” returns mamma . L. M . PANSY 'S SECRET . PANSY had a secret , and nobody could find it out . She would come down stairs in the morning , and seat herself at the breakfast-table , and then papa would say , “ Well , Pansy , are you going to tell us your secret to-day ? ” Pansy would shake her head , and reply , “ You must guess it , papa ! Can you not guess it ? ” “ Well , I guess you have a new tooth coming . ” “ Oh , no , that is not it . Mother can guess better than that , I think . It concerns you , mother . ” “ Well , I guess , ” said mother , “ that you are to have the present of a kitten from aunt Julia . ” “ And I guess , ” said brother John , who was five years older than Pansy , “ I guess you are knitting a pair of woollen cuffs for papa . ” Illustration “ You are all wrong , ” cried Pansy , “ and I shall not tell you my secret to-day . ” The next morning , as she was coming down stairs , she paused , and said to herself , “ Shall I tell them my secret now ? No , Pansy , let them see that you can keep a secret . ” No sooner was she seated at the table in her high-chair , than papa said , “ Well , Pansy , how much longer are you going to keep us in the dark ? Are you going to tell us your secret ? ” “ Not yet , papa , ” said Pansy , looking up with a roguish smile . “ What can it be ? ” said mother , laying down her knife and fork , and putting her hand to her head . “ I do n't believe it is any thing of any account , ” cried brother John . “ She wants to keep us curious . ” “ Well , I think Pansy must be learning a new piece to recite , ” said her mother . “ That 's not it , ” said Pansy . “ It 's a ‘ portant secret : one that my mother will like to hear . ” “ Oh , it 's important , is it ? ” said papa . “ I do wonder what it can be . ” “ Mother , what day was it that you lost your wedding-ring ? ” said John . “ Do n't speak of it , John . It was more than a month ago . I have hunted high and low , and cannot find it . I would have given all my other jewelry rather than have lost it . ” Here Pansy turned red in the face , got down from her high-chair , and ran out of the room . “ Did you see that ? ” said papa . “ The little rogue has found the ring , and that 's her ‘ portant secret . ” In a minute Pansy came back , holding up the ring , and her face radiant with delight . “ I found it , mother , among my doll 's things . You must have dropped it there when you were fixing them . ” And so little Pansy 's secret was out at last ! DORA BURNSIDE . Illustration A TROTTING SONG . UP and away ! now up and away ! We 've a good long journey before us to-day . The road is smooth , and the sky is bright : Whoa , now ! My darling , hold on tight ! There 's joy in the saddle . We 'll scour the plain With a gentle trot and an easy rein ; And , as we journey the way along , I 'll sing my darling a trotting song . Up and down ! Up and down ! And over the hills to Sleepy Town ! Fast or slow , Soon , we know , Into the land of nod we 'll go . Oh , dear me ! Right off my knee , Into a hollow I did n't see ; And baby small , On steed so tall , Came near getting a horrid fall . She 's not afraid , My little maid , Too oft on her that trick is played ; And good is she As good can be , If I 'll only trot her upon my knee . Over she goes ! But do n't suppose I 'll let her tumble upon her nose , Or give a fright To my darling bright , Who laughs and frolics with such delight . Whoa ! now , whoa ! We must not go So fast , my darling ; for do n't you know , At such a pace , So like a race , We never shall come to a sleepy-place ? Trot , trot away , And tell me , pray , How many miles we have gone to-day ? Up and down ! Up and down ! And over the hills to Sleepy Town ! JOSEPHINE POLLARD . Illustration SAGACITY OF THE DEER . A FRIEND of mine who has been in the habit of hunting deer in the Adirondack Mountains , is of opinion that the deer is often more than a match for the dog in sagacity . The deer seems to be well aware that the dog is guided by his faculty of scent in tracking him ; and all the deer 's efforts are directed to baffling and thwarting this keen and wonderful sense with which the dog is gifted . With this purpose , the deer will often make enormous leaps , or run around in a circle so as to confuse and puzzle his pursuers . He will mount a stone wall , and run along it for some distance , well aware that the dog cannot scent him so well on the rock as on the grass . If he can find a pond or stream of water , the deer will plunge in and swim a long distance , so that the dogs may lose his trail . It is a joyful sound to the poor hunted deer when the dogs send up that sad , dismal howl , which they give utterance to when they have lost all scent of the deer , and despair of finding it . He is then a happy deer . He hides quietly in some covert among the bushes , and he will take care to place himself where the wind will carry all odors of his body away from the direction where he supposes the dogs to be . So you see the deer is by no means a stupid animal . He knows , better than many a little boy , how to take care of himself , and get out of the way of danger . And now can you tell me in what part of the State of New York are the Adirondack Mountains ? From a correspondent in Springfield , Mo ., I have a letter , in which the writer says : “ I suppose the Boston boys do n't have deer for pets . I have a young one named Billy , and he eats corn out of my pocket . When I come home from school he always runs to meet me . Although he can jump over fences , he never tries to run away . He wears a collar with a bell on it : so we can hear him when he is down in the orchard eating apples , which he seems to be very fond of . ” UNCLE CHARLES . Illustration Illustration GRANDMA ASLEEP . GRANDMA dear has gone to sleep ; See how still the children keep ! Little Johnny leaves his toys , And , without a bit of noise , Rests his book on grandma 's lap While she takes her peaceful nap ; Darling Mabel on the floor Sits all quiet and demure ; And old pussy tries to be Just the stillest of the three . JANE OLIVER . THE LAY OF THE GRASSHOPPER . Music 1 . There was a grasshopper lived in a palm-tree , Silver-voiced as a frog in June ; Was not pleas 'd with his situation , Thought he 'd like to go to the moon . Oh ! Heigh-ho ! . . . How shall I get there ? oh ! . . . A hop and a skip and a flop and a flip , and over the clouds I 'll go . 2 . Up he went like a streak of lightning , Lit on the moon like a thunderbolt . Nought could he find but a man with a lantern , Riding about on a pea-green colt . Oh ! Heigh-ho ! . . . Why did I come here ? oh ! . . . A fling and a swing and a flap of my wing , And back to the earth I 'll go . 3 . Off he shot like a blazing rocket ; Down he came like a falling star . What should he meet but a gay little goshawk , Flying up from the earth so far . Oh ! Heigh-ho ! . . . Poor little grasshopper , oh ! . . . A snap and a squeak in the bonny bird 's beak , And there was an end of him , oh !