THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . VOLUME XIV .— No . 3 BOSTON : JOHN L. SHOREY , No . 36 , BROMFIELD STREET . 1873 . Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1873 , by JOHN L. SHOREY , In the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington . BOSTON : STEREOTYPED AND PRINTED BY RAND , AVERY , & CO . CONTENTS . IN PROSE . PAGE . The Queer Things that happened to Nelly 65 The Six Ducks 69 The Bunch of Grapes 71 A True Story about a Dog 73 Pitcher-Plants and Monkey-Pots 76 Under the Cherry-Tree 77 Rambles in the Woods 80 What I Saw at the Seashore 82 Blossom and I 85 How Norman became an Artist 87 A Boot-Race under Difficulties 89 Pictures for Walter 90 The Fisherman 's Children 92 IN VERSE . PAGE . Rose 's Song 68 A Little Tease 75 Sleeping in the Sunshine 78 Young Lazy-Bones ( with music ) 96 THE QUEER THINGS THAT HAPPENED TO NELLY . THE QUEER THINGS THAT HAPPENED TO NELLY . N ] ELLY BURTON had been weeding in the garden nearly all the summer forenoon ; and she was quite tired out . “ Oh , if I could only be dressed up in fine clothes , and not have to work ! ” thought she . No sooner had the thought passed through her mind , than , as she looked down on the closely-mown grass by the edge of the pond , she saw the queerest sight that child ever beheld . A carriage , the body of which was made of the half of a large walnut-shell , brightly gilt , was moving along , dragged by six beetles with backs glistening with all the colors of the rainbow . Seated in the carriage , and carrying a wand , was a young lady not larger than a child 's little finger , but so beautiful that no humming-bird could equal her in beauty . She had the bluest of blue eyes , and yellow crinkled hair that shone like gold . She stopped her team of beetles , and , standing upright , said to Nelly , “ Listen to me . My name is Pitpat ; and I am a fairy . I see how tired you are with work . Your father , though a good man , is a blacksmith ; and there is often a smirch on his face when he stoops to kiss you . Your mother wears calico dresses , and does n't fix her hair with false braids and waterfalls . Would you not like to be the daughter of a king and queen , and live in a palace ? ” “ Oh , yes , you beautiful Pitpat ! I would like that ever so much ! ” exclaimed Nelly . “ Then I should be a princess , and have nothing to do but amuse myself all day . ” “ Take the end of my wand , and touch your eyes with it , ” said the little fairy . Nelly obeyed ; and in a moment , before she could wink , she found herself in a beautiful room , with mirrors reaching from the ceiling to the floor . By these she saw that she was no longer clad in an old dingy dress , nor were her feet bare ; but she had on a beautiful skirt of light-blue velvet , and a bodice of the most costly lace , trimmed with ribbons ; while diamonds were in her hair , and a pair of gold slippers on her feet . Servants were in attendance on her , one of whom said , “ May it please your Highness , his Majesty , your royal father , is coming . ” Nelly 's heart fluttered . The door opened , and , preceded by two or three lackeys , a pompous old gentleman entered , clad in rich robes , a golden crown on his head , and no smirch on his face . But , dear me , instead of catching her up in his arms , and calling her his own precious little Nelly , his Majesty simply gave her his hand to kiss , and passed on . The queen followed in his steps . Her hair was done up in a tower of top-knots and waterfalls ; and there was drapery enough on the back of her dress to astonish an upholsterer . Instead of calling Nelly “ her darling , ” as Nelly 's first mother used to do , the queen merely said , as she swept by , “ Where are your manners , child ? ” for you must know that poor Nelly had forgotten to courtesy . Nelly put her face in her hands , and began to cry . “ Oh , you cruel Pitpat ! ” said she , “ why did you tempt me ? Oh ! give me back my own dear mother in her calico dress , my own dear father with the smirch on his face , my doll Angelica , my black-and-white kitten Dainty , and my own dear , dear home beside the lovely pond where the air is so sweet and the bushes are so green . ” “ Take the end of my wand again , and touch your eyes with it , ” said the voice of Pitpat . And there on the carpet , in her little gilded carriage , stood the fairy once more with her wand held out . Nelly seized it eagerly , and touched her eyes . “ Why , Dainty , what are you about ? ” said Nelly , as she felt the kitten 's head against her arm ; and then , opening her eyes , she started to find herself in the old wood-shed , seated with her back against the door , Angelica in her lap , and the soft breeze from the pond fanning her cheek and bosom . She looked at her feet . Ah ! the golden slippers had disappeared . “ Dear me ! I must have been dreaming , ” said Nelly . IDA FAY . ROSE 'S SONG . So it 's hush-a-by , baby , Hush-a-by now , Mamma 's gone to buy something good ; And she will not forget Her own darling pet , But will buy her a bonny blue hood : Yes , she 'll buy her a bonny blue hood . Oh ! she will not forget Her own baby pet , But will buy her a bonny blue hood . Then it 's crow away , baby , Crow away , sweet , Papa he is coming to-night ; And he 'll bring home a kiss , Like this and like this , For his sweet little Minnie so bright , For his dear little Minnie so bright . Oh ! he 's many a kiss , Like this and like this , For his sweet little Minnie to-night . GEO . BENNETT . Illustration THE SIX DUCKS . IN the pond near Emily 's house six tame ducks used to have a fine time swimming about , except in winter , when the pond was frozen . Emily had a name for each one of them . They used to run to her when she called ; for they knew she loved them all , and would treat them well . Among these six happy ducks there was a white one that was at one time of his life a wild duck . Emily named him Albus ; for albus is Latin for white . I will tell you how Albus happened to become tamed . He was once on his way to the South with a large flock of his wild companions , when , as they were alighting near a creek , Albus was shot in the wing by Dick Barker , a sportsman who was out gunning . Dick ran with his dog Spot to pick up the poor wounded bird ; but Albus was not so much hurt that he could not fly a little . He flew and flew till he came to Emily 's little garden ; and then he fell at her feet , faint , but not dead , as if pleading for protection . Emily took him up in her arms , though she soiled her apron with blood in so doing . Dick and Spot came up ; and Dick said roughly , “ Give me up that duck . ” “ The duck has flown to my feet for protection ; and I would be shot myself before I would betray him and give him up , ” said Emily . “ I shall keep him , and heal his wounds . ” Mr. Dick Barker scolded wildly ; but it was of no use . He had to go off duckless . As for Albus , he soon grew well under Emily 's tender care ; but his wing was not as strong as it used to be : so he concluded he would become a tame bird , and not try to fly off again with his wild companions . He had a happy home , a kind mistress , and pleasant duck acquaintances . So , like a good sensible waddler , he was content . EMILY CARTER . Illustration Illustration THE BUNCH OF GRAPES . “ I AM thinking what I shall do with this beautiful bunch of grapes , ” said Reka Lane as she sat on the bench near the arbor . Her real name was Rebecca ; but they called her , for shortness , Reka . “ I know what I should do with it , ” said little Matilda , who had been wading in the brook , and was without shoes and stockings . “ I should divide it among the present company . ” “ Good for Matty ! ” exclaimed brother Henry . “ The best use you can put grapes to is to eat them before they spoil . Come , Reka , divide , divide . ” “ I am not sure that I shall do that , ” said Reka . “ Look at that queer dog ! ” said Matty . “ He has crept under the shawl on the ground , and looks like a head with no body to it . ” “ That shawl was left there the other day by old Mrs. Merton , ” said Reka . “ The dog is her son 's terrier ; and his name is Beauty . ” “ He is any thing but a beauty , ” said Matty . “ I think him the ugliest dog I ever saw . ” “ I suppose they call him Beauty to make up for the bad word he gets from every one as being ugly , ” said Reka . “ He is a good dog , nevertheless ; and he knows that shawl belongs to his mistress .— Do n't you , Beauty ? ” Here Beauty tore out from under the shawl , and began barking in a very intelligent manner . “ Now I will tell you what we will do , ” said Reka . “ Put on your shoes and stockings , Matty , and we will all go and call on Mrs. Merton , who is ill ; and we 'll take back her shawl , and give her this beautiful bunch of grapes . ” “ Bow , wow , wow ! ” cried Beauty , jumping up , and trying to lick Reka 's face . When the children left Mrs. Merton 's , after they had presented the grapes , Henry Lane made this remark , “ I 'll tell you what it is , girls , to see that old lady so pleased by our attention gave me more pleasure than a big feast on grapes , ice-creams , and sponge-cake , with lemonade thrown in . ” DORA BURNSIDE . Illustration Illustration A TRUE STORY ABOUT A DOG . I AM a middle-aged gentleman who is blessed with only one child , a little girl now nearly six years old . Her name is Fanny ; and her cousin Gracie , who is about the same age , lives with us . Both of these little girls are very fond of having me tell them stories ; and I have often told them about a dog I once had . They liked this story so much , that they made me promise I would send it to “ The Nursery , ” so that a great many little girls and boys might hear it also . This is the story :— When I was a little boy , not more than eight years old , my mother consented to my having a dog which a friend offered to give me . He was a little pup then , not more than five weeks old . I fed him on milk for a while , and he grew very fast . I named him C æ sar . When he got to be six months old , he became very mischievous . Things were constantly being missed from the house . Handkerchiefs , slippers , shoes , towels , aprons , and napkins disappeared ; and no one could tell what became of them . One day C æ sar was seen going into the garden with a slipper in his mouth ; and I followed him to a far-off corner where stood a large currant-bush . I looked under the bush , and saw C æ sar digging a hole , into which he put the slipper , and then covered it up with earth . Upon digging under this bush , I found all the things that had been missed . A neighbor 's dog , called “ Dr. Wiseman , ” was C æ sar 's particular friend . One day we heard a loud scratching at the front-door ; and , when we opened it , in walked C æ sar and Dr. Wiseman . C æ sar took the Doctor by the ear , and led him up to each of the family , just as if he were introducing him , and then led him into the garden , and treated him to a bone . Although C æ sar did many naughty things , we all loved him ; for he was quite affectionate as well as intelligent : but our neighbors complained of him because he chased their chickens , bit their pigs , and scared their horses . A farmer who came to our house one day with a load of potatoes took a great fancy to him . He wanted him for a watch-dog on his farm , which was only four miles from our house . As he promised to treat him kindly , my mother thought it was best to let him have the dog ; and I finally consented , although I believe I cried a good deal about it . So C æ sar was put into the farmer 's wagon , much against his will ; and off he went into the country . About three months afterwards , when there was a foot of snow on the ground , there came a great scratching at the front-door of our house , early in the morning , before I was up ; and , when the servant opened the door , in bounded C æ sar with a rope around his neck , and a large chunk of wood fastened to the other end of it . He ran by the servant , and up the stairs , with the piece of wood going bump , bump , all the way , dashed into my room , jumped right up on my bed , and began licking my face . I was very glad to see my dog again . He staid with us several days ; and , when the farmer came for him , he lay down on the floor , closed his eyes , and pretended to be dead ; but the farmer took him back to the farm in his wagon . About a year and a half after that , when I came home for a vacation , we all went up to the farm , hoping to see C æ sar ; but we never saw him again . The farmer had shot him , because he killed the chickens , and chased the sheep , and would not mind any thing that was said to him . Thus you see , children , that C æ sar came to a bad end , although he had every advantage of good society in his early youth . LANSINGBURGH , N. Y . C. R. W . Illustration A LITTLE TEASE . I KNOW a little fellow Who is such a wilful tease , That , when he 's not in mischief , He is never at his ease : He dearly loves to frolic , And to play untimely jokes Upon his little sister , And upon the older folks . He rings the bell for Sarah , And then slyly runs away ; And tries to make a fool of her A dozen times a day : He hides away in corners , To spring suddenly in sight ; And laughs , oh ! very heartily , To see her jump with fright . When kitty 's lying quiet , And curled up warm and snug , This little fellow always feels Like giving her a hug ; And kitty from his fond embrace Would surely never flinch , Did she not know the little tease Would give her many a pinch . But this provoking fellow Has a very curious way Of feeling rather hurt at tricks That other people play ,— Just like some older jokers , Who laugh at fun they make , But never can enjoy the fun Of jokes they have to take . JOSEPHINE POLLARD . PITCHER-PLANTS AND MONKEY-POTS . Illustration PITCHER-PLANTS are so called , because , at the end of the leaves , the midrib which runs through them is formed into a cup shape ; and in some it looks very like a pitcher or water-jug You will understand this better if you look at the drawing . There are various kinds of pitcher-plants . Some are shorter and broader than others ; but they are all green like true leaves , and hold water as securely as a jug or glass . They grow in Borneo and Sumatra , hot islands in the East . The one shown in the drawing grows in Ceylon . Some grow in America ; but they are altogether different from those in Borneo and Ceylon . One beautiful little pitcher-plant grows in Australia : but this is also very different from all the rest ; for the pitchers , instead of being at the end of the leaves , are clustered round the bottom of the plant , close to the ground . All these pitcher-plants , though very beautiful to look at , are very cruel enemies to insects : for the pitchers nearly always have water in them ; and flies and small insects are constantly falling into them , and getting drowned . Monkey-pots are hard , woody fruits ; some as large and round as a cannon-ball , and some shaped like a bowl . They grow on large trees in Brazil and other parts of South America ; and the natives take out the seeds , and use the fruits for holding water , or to wash themselves in . They are called monkey-pots because monkeys are very fond of the seeds . Some of the seeds are so good , that they are collected , and sent to London and other places , where they are sold in the markets . The Brazil-nut is one of them . J. R. J . Illustration UNDER THE CHERRY-TREE . “ NOW is the time to pick the cherries ! ” shouted Charles as he came running in from the garden one July afternoon . “ Are they quite ripe ? ” said his mother . “ Ripe ? I should think so . Just look at them ! ” answered Charles , pointing to the trees . “ O mamma ! ” said Mary , “ the birds are getting them all . We must have them picked at once . ” “ Never fear , little girl , ” said her mother . “ There will be enough for the birds and ourselves and our neighbors too . But it really is time to begin to pick them . So , Charles , get a basket , and we will all go out under the cherry-tree . ” So out they all went ,— Charles and Mary and Ellen and Julia and Ruth ; and mamma followed with the baby . “ I told the gardener to bring a ladder , ” said mamma . “ He will be here in a moment , Charles . You can n't pick cherries without a ladder , you know . ” “ Of course , ” said that saucy boy . “ Nobody can pick cherries without a ladder . ” And with that he gave a spring , and in about half a minute had climbed up into the tree . “ Now , girls , hold your aprons , ” said he . And down came a shower of the delicious fruit . Then what a glorious scramble those little girls had ! How they laughed and jumped and knocked heads together in picking up the cherries ! They ate as many as they wanted ; and still Charles kept throwing down more . “ Have you had enough ? ” said he . “ So have I . Now it 's time to think about filling the basket . Ah ! here comes the ladder at last , with a man under it . ” UNCLE SAM . Illustration Illustration SLEEPING IN THE SUNSHINE . SLEEPING in the sunshine , Fie , fie , fie ! While the birds are soaring High , high , high ! While the buds are opening sweet , And the blossoms at your feet Look a smiling face to greet . Fie , fie , fie ! Sleeping in the sunshine , Fie , fie , fie ! While the bee goes humming By , by , by ! Is there no small task for you ,— Nought for little hands to do ? Shame to sleep the morning through ! Fie , fie , fie ! RAMBLES IN THE WOODS . RACHEL has been used to a life in the city , but she is now on a visit to her uncle 's in the country ; and she has fine times rambling through the woods and fields . Her cousin Paul takes her to pick berries , and tells her the names of the things she sees . “ Smell of these leaves , ” Paul will say , breaking a twig from a shrub , somewhat like a huckleberry-bush , and crushing the leaves in his hand . “ This is the bayberry-shrub . How fragrant the leaves are ! It bears a berry with a gray wax-like coating ; and in Nova Scotia this wax is much used instead of tallow , or mixed with tallow , to make candles . ” “ But what is this little red berry on the ground ? ” asked Rachel once when they were on one of their rambles . “ It has a dark glossy leaf ; and I like the taste and the smell of it very much . ” “ That is the checkerberry , ” said Paul . “ Some people call it the boxberry ; and some call it wintergreen . It has a flavor like that of the black birch . It is used to scent soap , and sometimes to flavor candy . It is an evergreen plant . ” “ What do you mean by an evergreen ? ” asked Rachel . “ I mean , it is green the whole year round : it does not dry up and fall off , like the leaves of the strawberry-plant , ” said Paul . “ What other sweet-smelling plants are there about here ? ” asked Rachel . “ Did you ever taste the bark of the sassafras-tree ? ” asked Paul . “ If not , here is one ; and I will break off a twig for you to chew . The color of the inner bark , near the root , is red , like cinnamon . A beer is made from it ; and it is also used in soaps . ” RAMBLES IN THE WOODS . “ I like the odor of it very much , ” said Rachel . “ Here is a black-birch tree , ” cried Paul . “ Some people call it the sweet-birch . I will cut off a piece of the bark for you to taste . ” “ Why , it tastes like checkerberry-leaves , ” said Rachel . “ Yes , ” replied Paul . “ It is a beautiful tree , and is good for fuel . But here is a white-birch . See how white the bark is ! It grows on poor land , and is a very pretty tree when well taken care of . ” Here there was the sound of a horn ; and Rachel asked , “ What is the meaning of that sound ? ” “ It means that we must run home to dinner , ” said Paul . “ So give me your hand , Cousin Rachel . You need not be afraid of snakes . There are none here that can do any harm . Come , we will make a short cut through the grove to the house . ” UNCLE CHARLES . Illustration WHAT I SAW AT THE SEASHORE . LAST summer I went to spend a few weeks at a quiet little island on the New-England coast . Every morning I used to go to the beach , and sit on the sands , and watch the blue sea with its sparkling waves , and listen to the surf breaking in white foam all along the shore . On pleasant days the beach was lively with bathers , shouting and laughing as they plunged into the cool waves ; and little boys and girls playing in the clean sand , digging with their shovels , and loading and unloading their wagons , or picking up shells and sea-mosses to carry home . On the brightest days of all , I noticed a pale-faced lady who came to sit a while in the sunshine , propped up with shawls and pillows . She always brought with her a little sky-terrier , of which she seemed as fond as if it had been a real baby . After a while , I got acquainted with the invalid lady , and found that her name was Miss Dean , and that her dog was named Skye . He was a shaggy-looking little creature ; but he had very bright eyes , and he knew almost as much as the children who played with him . He was very fond of his mistress , and very thoughtful of her comfort . Let me tell you one thing about him that made me think so . Skye slept in the room with his mistress , on a soft cushion , with a little blanket spread over him ; and in the morning , when he woke , if she was still asleep , he never disturbed her . He just sat up on his cushion as still as he could be , and watched her till she woke . As soon as she opened her eyes , he gave a little bark , for “ good-morning , ” and sprang up on her bed , to be loved and petted . Well , Skye was a good little dog ; and we all learned to love him ; and none of us would have hurt him for the world . But one day , as we were walking up from the beach , ladies and gentlemen and children and all , Skye ran down a lane , out of sight ; and a thoughtless , wicked boy , who had a stone in his hand , and wanted to hit something with it , threw it with all his might at poor Skye , and broke one of his legs . Skye cried out with the pain ; and we all hurried back to see what was the matter . There we found him , whining and howling , and trying to limp along on three legs ; and we just caught sight of the bad boy , running away far down the lane . Miss Dean picked up her poor little darling , and carried him home . Illustration Now , it happened that there was a very skilful surgeon staying at the hotel , who had come down to the island for a short vacation . Miss Dean sent for him , and begged him to set poor Skye 's broken leg . He was a kind-hearted man , and I could not refuse to use his skill to relieve the dumb little sufferer . So Miss Dean took Skye on her lap , and stroked him gently , and talked lovingly to him , calling him “ Poor doggy ! ” and “ Dear Skye , ” while the doctor made the splints , and pressed the broken bones back into their place . Then the doctor sent for some plaster of Paris , and made a soft mortar of it , and put it all around the mended leg , and let it harden into a little case , so that the bones would have to stay just as he put them till they grew together again . All the time the doctor was doing this , Skye kept as still as a mouse ; but , when it was all done , the little creature laid his head on Miss Dean 's shoulder , and cried great tears , just like a child . Miss Dean had to cry , too , at the helplessness of her poor dumb darling . For a good many weeks , Skye could only hobble about on three legs , and had to keep still on his cushion , or lie on his mistress ’ lap , most of the time ; but he was very patient . And at last , when the good doctor said it would do to remove the plaster and the splints , we did so ; and Skye ran around the room as well and lively as ever . Was n't he glad to have his liberty again ! MUZ-MUZ . Illustration BLOSSOM AND I . I WILL tell you a true story about my sister and me . I am five years old , and Fanny ( papa calls her Blossom ) is three . We are in Germany now , but our home is in America ; and , when I go out to play with the boys here , they call me “ America . ” We came over the ocean in a big ship . Papa and mamma were seasick ; but Fanny and I were not , and we liked to live on the water . Illustration When mamma packed our trunks , I wanted her to put in my little pails and wheelbarrow ; and she said there was n't room , but that we could bring as many numbers of “ The Nursery ” as we pleased . So we brought all we had . We have used them so much , that papa says they are not fit to be bound ; but I do n't want to put them away on a shelf to be kept nice . I like to have them every day ; and so does Fanny . When we were coming on the steamer , Fanny used to sit in the captain 's lap , and tell him the stories . Illustration Our auntie sends us a new “ Nursery ” every month . One was lost , and we were very sorry ; for we can n't read other picture-books so well . Fanny always has a “ Nursery ” to take to bed with her ; and in the morning , when I wake up , I hear her talking to the boys and girls in the pictures . C . Illustration Illustration HOW NORMAN BECAME AN ARTIST . THE landscape-painter sat on a camp-stool with an umbrella over his head . His palette and his box of paints were on the ground by his side . He was there to draw a picture of the village of F ——. Hardly had he begun his crayon outline when he heard a boy 's voice behind him . “ May I look on ? sir ? ” said the boy . “ Yes , look as much as you please , but do n't talk , ” said the painter without turning his head . The boy had a basket strapped to his back , and stood looking intently , with both hands resting on his knees . His name was Norman Blake . Other boys , and a young woman , soon came up , and joined him as spectators . Norman studied every movement of the painter 's hand ; and , when he got home , he took a piece of charcoal , and tried to draw a picture on the wall . Rather a rough picture it was , but pretty good for a first attempt . The next day Norman went again , and looked on while the painter sketched . “ You 've got that line wrong , ” cried Norman all at once , forgetting that the painter had told him not to talk . “ What do you know about it , you young vagabond ? ” cried the painter angrily . “ Out of this ! Run , scamper , and do n't show your rogue 's face here again ! But stop . Before you go , come here , and point out what struck you as wrong . ” Norman pointed to a certain line which made the village church seem a little out of its right place in the picture . The landscape-painter seized him by the ear , and said , “ You little scamp , how did you find that out ? You are right , sir ! But what business have you to criticise my picture ? I am hesitating whether to thrash you , or to make a painter of you . ” “ Make a painter of me , by all means ; ” said Norman , laughing ; for he saw that the honest painter was only half in earnest . Well , the end of it was , that Norman accompanied the painter to the city , and began to study drawing and painting . He succeeded so well , that , after he had been studying six years , he one day brought to his friend the painter the sketch which we have had copied above . “ Do you remember that ? ” asked Norman . “ Of course I do ! ” said the painter . “ It represents our first meeting . Little did I think that the young vagabond with the basket on his back would one day beat me in sketching . ” ALFRED SELWYN . HURRAH ! GREAT BOOT-RACE UNDER DIFFICULTIES . “ NOW , WHEN SHE COMES OUT , I SHALL BE SURE OF HER ! ” PICTURES FOR WALTER . Illustration HERE are some birds having a ride on the weather-vane . The vane is on the top of the barn . I should think it would make the birds dizzy to swing backwards and forwards . But they like it just as well as some boys like to swing on a gate . Illustration Here is an old crow sitting on the fence . He is a sly old thief . There is a nest in the grass ; and he is after the eggs . If you try to get near him , he will fly away , saying “ Caw , caw , caw ! ” Illustration The milk-maid set down her pail of milk , and went to the orchard . A little pig came along , and tipped the pail over ; and the milk was all spilled . Never leave milk where a pig can get at it . A woodpecker had a nest in a hollow tree . A boy climbed up to get the eggs ; but the old birds flew at him , and pecked him , and made him get down . I am glad they drove him away . What right had he to meddle with their nest ? W. O. C . Illustration Illustration THE FISHERMEN 'S CHILDREN . THERE were three children on the beach looking out to see the boats of the fishermen sail off to the fishing-grounds . Little Joe Bourne and his sister Susan stood side by side , watching their father 's boat . Rachel , who was with them , was not their sister , but an orphan-child , whose grandfather , Mr. Harrison , was in one of the boats . It was a windy day in November . The waves broke with a great noise on the shingly beach . Soon the wind rose higher : the sea rose too , and the rain fell fast . The children walked back to the village ; and there the old men said , shaking their heads , “ We shall have a storm . ” That night , all the boats came safely back into the harbor , excepting the boat in which Rachel 's grandfather had sailed . It was a long , sad night for poor Rachel . The next day and the next passed by ; and no grandfather came back to take care of her , and find her in food and clothes , and carry her in his strong arms when she was tired out with walking . Illustration Susan and Joe in their own house felt sad for the little orphan . One day their mother went to market . Baby was in the cradle , and Susan was rocking it , whilst Joe was cutting out a boat with an old jack-knife . The kettle on the stove began to sing ; and Susan and Joe began to talk . “ Poor Rachel will have to be sent to the workhouse now , ” said Joe . “ I hope not , ” said Susan . “ I hope father will give her a home in our own house . ” “ Why , he says he can hardly earn enough to feed his own family , ” said Joe . “ But can n't we do something to help him ? ” asked Susan . “ I know of nothing children like us can do , ” said Joe . When their mother came home , Susan begged so earnestly to have Rachel come and stay with them , that Mrs. Bourne at last replied , “ Well , we will take her in for a week or two , and see ; but mind , Susan , you must try and earn a little money somehow . You will now have less time to play on the sands , remember . ” Illustration So Susan went and found Rachel , and brought her home to live with them all . The poor little orphan was a bright , joyous child . She had a strange hope that she should see her grandfather again ; that he was not lost ; for he had told her many stories of his escape from great dangers at sea . “ Why , grandfather was on a wreck once a whole week , ” said Rachel : “ he was cast away once on an island where he had to live on clams a long while before he was rescued . I think we shall hear from him soon . ” One day Joe caught a fine basket of perch from the rocks , and went round to try and sell them . But all the folks in the village told him they could get as many fish as they wanted without buying them . So Joe walked off to a town four miles away from the sea , and there he sold his fish . He told a kind blind lady , to whom he sold some , that his sister wanted to get work , so that she could help a poor little orphan-girl . The kind lady sent Susan half a dozen handkerchiefs to hem ; and the next morning Susan rose early , and sewed by candle-light , while the other children were in bed and asleep . Illustration For three years the poor Bourne family gave Rachel a nice happy home in their little house ; and they would have kept her longer , but one day , while the children were all playing on the beach , they heard a great shouting , and ran to see what it was about . It was all in honor of Grandfather Harrison . He had come back , as Rachel had always said he would . He had been picked up at sea in his sinking boat by a ship bound for Australia . The old man was carried to that far country . He went to the mines , and helped some men dig gold . He made a good deal of money , thinking it would be a good thing if he could only be rich enough to send his dear little grand-daughter to school . But Rachel was not the only one who was benefited by his good fortune . The Bournes shared in it . Joe and Susan , and all the rest of the children , were sent to school also ; and they studied with a will . It was always a happy thought to Rachel that the great kindness of these good people did not miss its reward even in this life . IDA FAY . Illustration YOUNG LAZYBONES . Music by T. CRAMPTON . Music Cheerfully . mf 1 . Young Lazybones is smooth and sleek , Young Lazybones is fat ; His eye sits drowsing in his cheek , And many a day has sat , Young Lazybones he keeps his state All in his easy chair , And tho ’ the time is getting late , He does not seem to care . 2 . Then little Maggie sings to him , And plays upon the harp ; While rapid Robert , keen and slim , Cries , “ Lazybones , look sharp ! ” And Lucy tickles with her wand , This sleepy , lazy boy ; And one and all with tricks and jokes In teasing him take joy . 3 . But Lazybones must take his nap Before he goes to bed : He does not move his weary limbs Or lift his heavy head . And though a dozen brewers ’ drays Should rumble o'er the stones , Not all the noise that they can make Would rouse Young Lazybones .