THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . VOLUME XXI .— No . 3 . BOSTON : JOHN L. SHOREY , No . 36 BROMFIELD STREET , 1877 . Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1877 , by JOHN L. SHOREY , In the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington . FRANKLIN PRESS : RAND , AVERY , AND COMPANY , 117 FRANKLIN STREET , BOSTON . Contents IN PROSE . An Old-Time Scene 65 Nelly 's First Lesson in Dancing 69 Old Jim 71 Second Lesson in Astronomy 73 How a Rat was once Caught 74 To Sea in a Tub 76 Drawing-Lesson 81 A Woodchuck Hunt 82 The Schoolmistress 85 Peter and Polly 88 Tommy and the Blacksmith 89 In the Country 91 Dodger 93 The Mother-Hen 94 IN VERSE . Tom-Tit 68 A Lenten-Song 79 A Mew from Pussy 86 Down on the Sandy Beach 90 Song of the Cat ( with music ) 96 Illustration VOL . XXI . No . 3 . AN OLD-TIME SCENE . L ] OOK at the picture , and see if you can tell what has roused all those children up so early in the morning . There is Mary in her stocking-feet . There is Ann in her night-dress . There is Tom , bare armed and bare legged . Why have they all left their beds , and run into the play-room in such haste ? And why is little Ned , the baby , sitting up in the bed , as though he wanted to come too ? It is plain enough that the children use that room for a play-room ; for you can see playthings on the mantle-piece . But why are they all flocking about the fireplace ? And why is mamma coming upstairs with a dust-brush in her hand ? And why is that cloth hung over the fireplace ? And whose are those bare feet peeping from under it ? “ Oh ! ” perhaps you will say , “ it is Santa Claus ; and the children are trying to catch him . ” Oh , no ! Santa Claus never allows himself to be caught in that way . You never see even his feet . He never leaves his shoes on the floor , nor dirty old brushes , nor shovels . It is not Santa Claus — it is only a chimney-sweeper . “ But what is a chimney-sweeper ? ” I think I hear you ask . Well , we do not have such chimney-sweepers now-a-days , at least not in this part of the world . But ask your grandfathers and grandmothers to tell you about the chimney-sweepers that were to be seen in Boston forty or fifty years ago , and I warrant that many of them will remember just such a scene as you see in the picture . In those days , before hard coal fires had come in use , chimney-sweepers were often employed . They were small boys , working under the orders of a master in the business , who was very often a hard master . Generally they were negroes ; but , whether so or not , they soon became so black with soot , that you could not tell them from negroes . The chimney-sweepers always came early in the morning , before the fires were lighted ; and their coming was a great event to the children of a household . “ When a child , ” says a famous English writer , speaking of the chimney-sweepers of London , “ what a mysterious pleasure it was to witness their operation !— to see a chit no bigger than one 's self enter into that dark hole — to pursue him in imagination , as he went sounding on through so many stifling caverns — to shudder with the idea , that ‘ now surely he must be lost forever ! ’ — to revive at hearing his feeble shout of discovered daylight ,— and then ( oh , fulness of delight !) running out of doors , to come just in time to see him emerge in safety ! ” There are chimney-sweepers even now ; but none of the old-fashioned kind . In many places it is forbidden by law to send boys up the chimneys . So the modern chimney-sweeper puts his brush on the end of a pole , which is made in joints , like a fishing-rod , and , by attaching joint after joint , thrusts it farther and farther up the chimney . THE MODERN CHIMNEY-SWEEPER . Illustration TOM-TIT . WHAT is it ? What is it ? Only a feather Blown by the wind In this cold stormy weather , Hunted and hurried so Hither and thither ? Leaf or a feather , I know not if either . There , hark now , and see ! ‘ Tis alight on a tree , And sings , “ Chick-a-dee-dee , Chick-a-dee-dee ! ” I know it ! you know it ! ‘ Tis little Tom-tit . Look at it ! Look at it Flutter and hover ! Only a tuft of down On it for cover ! Only a bare bough To shelter it over ! Poor little rover , Snow-fields for clover Are all that you see ! Yet listen the glee Of its “ chick-a-dee-dee , Chick a-dee-dee ! ” Hark to it ! look at it ! Little Tom-tit ! How is it ? Why is it ? Like a snow-flurry , With swish of wings , And a swoop and a scurry , Comes a whole flock of them Now in a hurry ! Busy and merry The little things , very ; Watch them , and see How blithe they can be With their “ Chick-a-dee-dee , Chick-a-dee-dee ! ” Each one such a bit Of a little Tom-tit ! MRS. CLARA DOTY BATES . Illustration NELLY 'S FIRST LESSON IN DANCING . GRANDPA MASON has not quite forgotten his dancing days . So one day , when little Nelly said , “ I wish I knew how to dance like Emma Drake ! ” grandpa replied , “ I 'll teach you , Nelly , if you will bring me my accordion . ” So Nelly brought the accordion ; and grandpa seated himself in his old wooden arm-chair . First he taught her the steps , and then said , “ Now , Nelly , you must try to move round just as you saw Emma do ; and be sure and keep time to the music . ” Nelly made a courtesy , and began to dance ; and , as grandpa looked on , his heart seemed to dance with her ; for he felt young once more , and went back , in thought , to the times when he was about as old as she . That was a long while ago — more than seventy years . He sighed as he thought of his little brothers and sisters , all now gone to the better world . But Nelly 's merry look soon drove away his sad mood . “ Well done , Nelly ! ” said he . “ You will make a dancer ; for you follow the music well , and step out lightly and easily . Now let me see you rise a little on your left foot , and whirl round once . ” Nelly did it , and grandpa said , “ Bravely done , little girl ! Here ends your first lesson in dancing . To-morrow we will have another . Now get your new ‘ Nursery , ’ and let me hear one of the stories ; for we must take care of the head , as well as the heels . ” Nelly laughed ; but , when she began to read , the tune she had just heard came back to her , and she could hardly keep from dancing up and down . “ One thing at a time , darling , ” said grandpa . “ If we would do one thing well , we must not let our thoughts wander to something else . Tell me when you think you can give your thoughts to reading . I can wait . ” Nelly took a few more dancing-steps , whirled around twice , made a courtesy , then came , and read so well , that grandpa said , “ You deserve a good mark for reading , my dear . Now , whether you read , or whether you dance , mind this :— “ What you do , if well you would do it , Rule your thoughts , and give them all to it . ” IDA FAY . Illustration OLD JIM . JIM is a fine large horse . He lives in the engine-house , and draws the hose-carriage . His stall is so made that , when the alarm-bell strikes , it opens in front of him , leaving the way clear for him to rush out and take his place in front of the hose-carriage . One night , the hoseman ( who sleeps upstairs in the engine-house , so as to be all ready if there is an alarm of fire ) heard a great noise down below ,— a stamping and jumping , as if the horses were getting ready to go to a fire , when there was no alarm at all . He went softly to the stairway , and looked down ; and there was Jim , jumping over the shafts of the hose-carriage , first one way , then another , just to amuse himself . One day old Jim was in the yard behind the engine-house , and a man went out to catch him , and lead him in . But he rushed and pranced around the yard , and would not be caught . Then the man set out to drive him in ; and what do you think Jim did ? Instead of going in at the open door , he made a leap , and went in at the open window , without breaking a glass , or hurting himself in the least . No one who saw the window would believe that such a great horse could possibly have gone through it . When Jim is fed , he sometimes puts his nose in the oats , and throws them all out on the floor . Then he begins to eat them up , and , after he has eaten all he can reach standing , he goes down on his knees , and reaches out with his long tongue , and picks up every oat he can find . Outside of his stall , on one side , is a watering-trough , where Jim is taken to drink . The water comes through a pipe , and is turned on by a faucet . Two or three times the water was found running , so that the trough overflowed , when no one had been near to meddle with it . At last the men suspected that Jim was the rogue , and they kept very still , and watched one night till Jim thought he was all alone . Then they saw him twist himself almost double in his stall , stretch his long neck out , take the faucet in his teeth , turn on the water , and get a good drink . But he could not shut it off again . Jim is a brave horse to go to a fire ; but there is one thing that frightens him dreadfully , and that is — a feather duster ! He is not afraid of any thing he sees in the streets , and the greatest noise of the Fourth of July will not scare him ; but show him a feather duster , and his heels will fly up , and he will act as if he were going out of his senses . The firemen think Jim a most amusing horse ; and they sometimes say that he understands as much as some people do , and can do most every thing but talk . H. W . Illustration SECOND LESSON IN ASTRONOMY . “ Twinkle , twinkle , little star : How I wonder what you are , Up above the world so high , Like a diamond in the sky ! ” DID any of you find the red star I asked you to look for last month ? I hope you did ; for I want you to look at it again while I tell you something about the “ twinkle ” of it . Look very carefully , first at the red star , and then at just as large a white star ; and , if your eyes are bright , you will see that the white one twinkles the most . I wish I could tell you why ; but I think nobody knows . Be very careful , though , not to choose a white star that is not a star ; for , as that twinkles very little , you may think I am mistaken . “ A star that is not a star ? ” I think I hear you say , “ How I wonder what you are ! ” Well , I will tell you . Although most of the “ diamonds in the sky , ” commonly called stars , are real stars , or suns like our sun , a few of them are not suns , but solid globes or worlds like that which we inhabit , warmed and lighted by our sun . When the sun is shining on them , they look bright to us ; but it is only the light of our own sun thrown back , or reflected . They give no light themselves . Because they have our sun , we and they are like members of one family . We call them “ planets ” ( just as our earth is called “ a planet ” ) , and are as familiar with their names as if they were our brothers and sisters . One of them , for instance , is called Venus ; another , Jupiter ; and another , Saturn . Can you remember these hard names ? Now you would never notice the difference between these few stars and all the others , if you did not look very carefully to see whether they twinkle or not . And I would advise you to ask somebody to point them out to you whenever they are in sight . I cannot tell you exactly where to look for them , because they wander about a good deal , and I do not know where they will be when you happen to read this number of “ The Nursery . ” From all this you will see that you will have to be very particular what kind of a star you look at when you say ,— “ Twinkle , twinkle , little star . ” M. E. R . HOW A RAT WAS ONCE CAUGHT . DO you know what sly and cunning creatures rats are ? The picture shows how they sometimes contrive to carry off eggs . The old fox in the background seems to be watching the performance with great interest . But , cute as they are , they sometimes get caught . I am going to tell you how a rat was once caught by a clam . It happened when I was a little child , and lived with my mother . Whether such a thing ever happened before or since , I do not know ; but this is a true story . Illustration One day , my father went to town , and bought some clams . When he came home , I took them down cellar in a basket , and laid them on the brick floor of the cellar . Now , when clams are put where it is dark and cool and quiet , they open their shells . If you should go softly up , and put a straw in one of their mouths , it would clasp its shells together so tightly , that you could not get them open . The cellar was under my mother 's bed-room ; and in the night she heard a great noise , like something bumping and slamming , down below . Being a brave woman , she lighted a candle , and went down stairs ; and what do you think she found ? I will tell you ; for I am sure you would never guess . When the house came to be still with the night-stillness , and every one was in bed , an old rat had come out of his hole , and gone foraging around for his supper . As he walked majestically along , swinging his long tail after him , it happened to switch into a clam 's opened shell , when , presto change ! the clam was no longer only a clam : it was a rat-trap . It pinched hard ; and I am sure it hurt the old rat very much . He ran across the cellar to his hole ; and the clam bounced on the bricks as he went ; and that was what my mother had heard . The rat could not get the clam into the hole . It held him fast by the tail all the rest of his life , which was not long ; for he was killed soon after . LIZZIE 'S MAMMA . TO SEA IN A TUB . HERE is a picture of a boy trying his new boat in a tub of water . His brothers and sisters are looking on . His elder brother seems to be pointing out some fault in the rig of the boat . Perhaps he thinks the sails are too large . The dog Tray takes a good deal of interest in the matter . I wonder what he thinks of it . But the story I am going to tell you is about a little girl named Emma , and what happened one day , when she went out in the yard to play . Her mother had told her not to go outside the gate : so she looked around the doorway to see what she could find to play with . There stood a great tub full of water ; and there , close by , was a pile of chips . “ Boats ! ” said Emma to herself : “ I 'll sail boats ! ” It did n't take a minute to get six of the nicest chips well afloat ; but after all they were not much better than rafts . “ I must put on sails , ” said Emma . And running into the sitting-room , and getting some pins , and then putting a bit of paper on each pin , and sticking a pin upright in each chip , at last she had her little boats with little sails , going straight across the tub with a fair wind . Illustration Once a fly alighted on one of the boats , and took quite a long voyage . That made Emma think of trying to find other passengers ; and she picked up a great ground beetle , and put him aboard . Poor beetle ! he did n't want to go , and he was n't used to it . He tumbled about on the deck ; the boat tipped under him , and the next thing Emma knew he was overboard . “ Oh , he must n't drown ! ” she cried . “ I must get him out ! ” And she stooped over in great haste to save the poor beetle . But it was a large tub , and a very deep one too ; and what did little Emma know about being careful ? She lost her balance , and down into the water she went , with a great splash that wrecked all the boats in the same instant . “ Mother , mother ! ” screamed a choking , sputtering voice , as Emma managed to lift her head . Her mother heard it , and flew to the spot . It did n't take long to get Emma into the warm kitchen , to pull off the wet clothes , to wrap her in a blanket , and set her before the fire in the big rocking-chair , with a bowl of hot ginger-tea to drink . There Emma sat , and steamed , and begged for stories . By eleven o'clock she could n't stand it any longer , and by noon she was out in the yard again , playing tea-party , and not one whit the worse for her sudden cold bath . But what became of the poor beetle ? MARY L. B . BRANCH . Illustration Illustration A LENTEN-SONG . FROM THE GERMAN . QUOG , quog , quog , quog ! A very unmusical note : This eminent basso , Mr. Frog , Has surely a cold in his throat . But he does his best , with a good intent , The little speckled man ; For every frog must sing in Lent , As loud as ever he can . Quog , quog , quog , quog ! When the morning sky is red , He sits on the slippery , mossy log , With the rushes over his head . He does his best , with a good intent , The little sprawling man ; For every frog must sing in Lent , As loud as ever he can . Quog , quog , quog , quog ! When the evening sky is pale , He nestles low in the sheltering bog , While the gentle dews exhale . He does his best , with a good intent , The little struggling man ; For every frog must sing in Lent , As loud as ever he can . Quog , quog , quog , quog ! He strains till he shakes the reeds , And scares his neighbor , Miss Polly Wog As she hides in the water-reeds . He does his best , with a good intent , The little panting man ; For every frog must sing in Lent , As loud as ever he can . Quog , quog , quog , quog ! Oh ! are n't you afraid you 'll burst ? You should have put on , dear Mr. Frog , Your girdle of leather first . But on he goes , with his good intent , The little gasping man ; For every frog must sing in Lent , As loud as ever he can . OLIVE A. WADSWORTH . DRAWING-LESSON BY HARRISON WEIR . A WOODCHUCK HUNT . ONE September morning , before breakfast , Ned and Harry went woodchuck hunting . They took Dick , who is a big , fat , spotted coach-dog , and Gyp , a little black-and-tan , with short ears , and afraid of a mouse ,— both “ such splendid hunters , ” Harry said . Gyp ran ahead on three legs ; and Dick walked sedately behind . Ned carried the bow , and Harry , the three arrows : and it was enough to make any wise woodchuck tremble to see them . First they crossed a potato-field , and then a meadow where there was a brook , and where they lost Gyp so often among the bogs , that Harry carried him at last so as to know where he was . Dick ran through the brook , and shook himself over Ned 's new sailor-suit ; but that was no matter . Then they came to a rickety old stone wall , and Dick barked . “ It must be a woodchuck in the wall . We 've got him ! ” shouted Ned . “ Down comes the wall ! ” Then the stones fell ; and Gyp jumped up and down with excitement , while Dick gave a low and terrible growl . “ He must be here , ” said Ned . But , as he was not to be found , Dick was reproved for giving a false alarm ; and they all jumped over the stones of the old wall , and ran up the hill towards the walnut-grove , where woodchucks were sure to be as thick as nuts . “ Here 's a fresh hole ! ” shouted Harry . “ Now it 's almost breakfast-time : he 'll be out before long . Come on , Mr. Chuck , we 're waiting for you . ” So the boys lay down flat on the mound of earth , and peered into the hole , by way of inviting its owner to come out and be shot ; while Dick and Gyp gave persuasive growls and yelps . Illustration Strangely enough no woodchuck appeared ; and after waiting an “ age , ” — five minutes long ,— the brave hunters decided to dig in . “ We ought to have brought spades , ” they said ; but sticks and stones and hands did very well in the soft , wet earth . About the time that Harry got out of breath , and Ned had dropped a stone on his foot , Dick barked furiously at something moving under a hazel-bush . “ Shoot , Ned , shoot ! ” Harry shouted . “ Whiz ” went an arrow straight into the bushes , where it lodged , and never more came out . “ A chase , a chase ! ” cried Ned , throwing down his bow ; and away they went ,— Harry and Ned , Dick and Gyp ,— over stones and fences , bushes and bogs , in pursuit of something ; but whether it was a woodchuck or a cat they never got near enough to tell . Suddenly it disappeared in a corn-field . Dick and Gyp put their tails between their legs , and dropped their ears ; but Ned and Harry spied some pumpkins ripening among the stacked corn . “ Gay for Jack-o-lanterns ! ” said Harry . “ Would n't they frighten Belle and Lucy , though ! ” So two of the biggest pumpkins were cut off . “ Now let 's take ‘ em home , ” said Harry , thinking of his breakfast . But , oh , how heavy those pumpkins grew ! In getting over a wall , Harry 's fell and was smashed : so the boys took turns in carrying the other one . Mamma stood on the piazza , in a fresh white morning-dress . She heard Dick and Gyp , and then she saw her little boys . Oh , what a sight !— the striped stockings and blue sailor-suits all one shade of yellow brown earth ! “ Did you have good sport ? ” asked papa , coming to the door . “ Splendid ! Found lots of holes , ” said Ned , dumping the pumpkin . And what they did with the pumpkin , perhaps I 'll tell you another time . MISS A. H. R . Illustration Illustration THE SCHOOLMISTRESS . “ THERE are many thousand words in our language , ” said Ellen , reading from a book , “ and some words are used for one purpose , and some for another ; and the same word may be used in different ways . When your uncle gave you a lot of shells last December , what did you do with them , Edwin ? ” “ I classified them : that is , I put one kind into one heap , and another kind into another heap ; and so on . ” “ Well , that is just the way we do with words ; we put them in classes which we call Parts of Speech . Now , there is one class of words which is made up of name-words or nouns ; that is , of words that are used as names of persons or things . In the sentence , ‘ Birds fly , ’ birds is a noun , and fly is a verb . ” “ I think I knew that much already , Schoolmistress . ” “ Well , sir , since you know so much , let me hear you correct the mistakes in the following sentence : ‘ A pear or peach , when they are ripe , are good food for the boy or girl who like them . ’ ” “ It should be : ‘ A pear or a peach , when it is ripe , is good food for the boy or girl who likes it . ’ ” “ Well done , Edwin ! go up to the head of your class . ” Edwin walked round his sister , as she sat in her chair , and then gravely took his place again before her . “ Here are two sentences , Edwin : ‘ I fell down , ’ and ‘ I fell down stairs . ’ Down is not the same Part of Speech in the two sentences . What is it in the first ? ’ ” “ An Adverb ; and in the second it is a Preposition . ” “ Well , sir , school is dismissed . You may go . I shall give you a good mark in grammar . ” IDA FAY . A MEW FROM PUSSY . IN ANSWER TO “ A SQUEAK . "[ A ] I AM only the lazy old cat That sleeps upon somebody 's mat : I sit in the sunshine , And lick my soft paws , With one eye on mousie , And one on my claws . Little mouse , little mouse ! look out how you boast ! Of just such as you I have eaten a host ! I 'm a much smarter cat than you seem to suppose ; I have very keen eyes , and , oh — such a nose ! Illustration I 'm an innocent looking cat ; I am well aware of that : I squint up my eyes , And play with the flies , But underneath I am wondrous wise : I know where your nest is , And just where you hide When you have been thieving , And fear you 'll be spied . I saw your small tracks all over the meal ; And I saw your tail , and I heard you squeal When grandmamma 's broom Nearly sealed your doom , And you went whisking out of the room . I am only a lazy old cat : I care not much for a rat ; But a nice tender mouse About in the house Might prove a temptation too great , Should I be in a hungry state . Little mouse , little mouse ! Beware , beware ! Some time , when you think not , I shall be there , And you 'll not only look at , But feel of , my paws ; And , the first thing you know , I 'll be licking my jaws , And washing my face with an innocent air , And mousie will be — oh , where ? oh , where ? RUTH KENYON . FOOTNOTE : [ A ] See January number , page 18 . Illustration Peter .— Fresh baked peanuts ! Give a fellow some , Polly . Polly .— Yes , Peter , you shall have a good share . Illustration TOMMY AND THE BLACKSMITH . Tommy .— Do you shoe horses here , Mr. Blacksmith ? Blacksmith .— Yes , little man : that 's my business . Tommy .— Well , I want my horse shod . Blacksmith .— How much can you pay for the job ? It will take a good deal of iron to shoe such a big horse as that . Ruth .— He wants you to do it for nothing , Mr. Blacksmith . Blacksmith .— Every trade must live , my little lady . If Tommy can afford to keep a horse , he ought to be able to pay for having it shod . Tommy .— I will pay you next Christmas . Blacksmith .— - Never run in debt , my lad . If you can n't pay for a thing on the spot , do without it . Shun debt as you would poison . Ruth .— That is just what my grandfather says . Tommy .— Well , when I get some money , I 'll come again , Mr. Blacksmith ; for this horse must be shod , if there 's iron enough to do it with . Good-by ! Blacksmith .— Good-by , Tommy ! Good-by , Ruth ! ARTHUR SELWYN . DOWN ON THE SANDY BEACH . DOWN on the sandy beach , When the tide was low ; Down on the sandy beach , Many years ago , Two of us were walking , Two of us were talking Of what I cannot tell you , Though I 'm sure you 'd like to know . Down in the water A duck said , “ Quack ! ” Up in the tree-top A crow answered back , Two of us amusing , Two of us confusing : So we had to give up talking , And just listen to their clack . “ Quack ! ” said the little duck , Swimming with the tide ; “ Caw ! ” said the saucy crow , Swelling up with pride , “ I 'm a jolly rover , And I live in clover : Do n't you wish that you were here , Sitting by my side ? ” “ Quack , quack ! ” said the duck , Very much like “ No . ” “ Caw , caw !— ha , ha ! ” Laughed the silly crow : Two of us delighting , Two of us inviting To join the merry frolic With a ringing ho , ho , ho ! Crack !— and a bullet went Flying from a gun ! Duck swimming down the stream , We on a run , Wondered why or whether We could n't be together Without another coming in And spoiling all the fun ! JOSEPHINE POLLARD . Illustration IN THE COUNTRY . FANNY and Willy are having a nice ride on the back of the great cart-horse . Mamma points at Willy with her sun-shade , and says , “ Hold on tight , little boy . ” Pink , the dog , says , “ Bow-wow ! Take me up there with you . ” Illustration Kate and Jane have the care of the biddies . They feed them with corn every day . The hens flock around the door as soon as the two girls come out . Kate and Jane both say that the hens are fond of them ; but I think they are still more fond of the corn . A . B. C . Illustration DODGER . DODGER is a full-blooded Scotch terrier . His eyes are the brightest of all bright eyes ; and he acts just as one might suppose from his name . He dodges here and there ,— under the sofa , and behind the stove , and up in a chair , and sometimes puts his paws up on the baby 's cradle . The other day , the baby 's red sock dropped off from his foot ; and Dodger slyly picked it up , and , going to a corner of the room , ate off the red tassels that were on it . I do n't think he will do it again ; for he did not act as though they tasted very good . Dodger has many cunning ways . He will bring his master 's slippers , sit up straight , pretend to be dead , and do many other funny things . Just now his master is trying to teach him to shut a door . Dodger belongs to a little boy in Hartford , Conn ., who has read “ The Nursery ” for five years . The little boy 's name is Georgie , and I am GEORGIE 'S MAMMA . THE MOTHER-HEN . BY the side of my home a river runs ; and down close by the banks of it lives a good family named Allen . Mr. Allen keeps a large number of hens and ducks . One old hen had twice been put to sit on ducks ’ eggs , and hatched two broods of ducks . The first brood she hatched took to the water as soon as they saw it , as all little ducks will . The old hen was almost crazy at such behavior on the part of her chicks , and flew down to the water 's edge , clucking and calling at a great rate . However ,— to her great surprise , probably ,— they all came safely to land . Every day after that , when the little ducks went for a swim , their hen-mother walked nervously back and forth on the shore , and was not easy till they came out of the water . By and by , after those ducks had all grown large , the hen hatched another brood . These , too , at first sight of the water , went in for a swim . The old hen was not quite as frightened as before , but stood and looked at them , clucking a little to herself , as if to say , “ Strange chickens these of mine ; but yet , if they like it , I do n't know as I need care , so long as they do n't ask me to go with them . ” So , after a while , that brood grew to be big ducks . One day last summer , as I sat on the bank of the river , looking at the pretty blue rippling water , who should come walking proudly down to the water'shYpppHeNedge but , Mrs. Hen with another brood of little , waddling , yellow ducks behind her ! She led them clear to the edge of the water , saw them start off , and , turning away , went contentedly to scratching at some weeds on the shore , taking no more notice of her little family . She had come to regard this swimming business as a matter of course . Now one little duck , for some reason ,— maybe he was not so strong as the others ,— had not gone into the water with the rest , but remained sitting on the shore . Presently the mother-hen , turning round , happened to spy him . She stopped scratching , and looked at him as if she were saying , “ All my chickens swim : now what is the matter with you ? I know it must be laziness ; and I wo n't have that . ” Then spreading out her wings , and making an angry clucking , she flew towards the unlucky duckling , took him by the back of his neck in her beak , and threw him as far as possible into the water . As she walked back to her weeds again ; it seemed almost as if I could hear her say ,— “ The chicken who can swim and wo n't swim must be made to swim . ” L. W. E . Music SONG OF THE CAT . Words by A. LLOYD . Music by T. CRAMPTON 1 . The cat and her kittens recline in the sun , Mew ! mew ! mew ! They 're fond of their food and they 're fond of their fun ; Mew ! mew ! mew ! Their old mother says they must sit in a row , The biggest is Jack and the little one Joe , And now altogether they make the place ring , With the one song they know and the chorus they sing : Mew ! mew ! mew ! . . . Mew ! mew ! mew ! 2 . My dear little kittens when you are well grown , Mew ! mew ! mew ! Some day you will each have a home of your own ; Mew ! mew ! mew ! You 'll catch all the mice and you 'll kill all the rats , And grow up , I hope , both respectable cats , Do n't get in the cupboard , nor kill the poor lark , Keep away from big dogs and get home before dark ; Mew ! mew ! mew ! . . . Mew ! mew ! mew ! 3 . The kittens they listen 'd and said they 'd be good , Mew ! mew ! mew ! And not kill the birds nor destroy the young brood ! Mew ! mew ! mew ! They lov 'd their good mother , and tho't ‘ twould be nice , To grow strong and hearty and catch and kill mice . She wash 'd all their faces and put them to bed , And now what do you think was the last thing they said ; Mew ! mew ! mew ! . . . Mew ! mew ! mew !