CONTENTS OF NUMBER ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY-NINE . PAGE THAT MERRY CHRISTMAS By Uncle Charles 2 BABY 'S QUIET FAMILY By W. G . 3 BABY AND THE BIRD By A. B. C . 4 A NEW YEAR 'S DIALOGUE By Marian Douglas 5 THE SHEEP FOLLOW THE SHEPHERD By Dora Burnside 7 “ A FRIEND IN NEED ” By Jane Oliver 8 “ IN A MINUTE ” By Mary Addison 10 THE CHRISTMAS-TREE By George S. Burleigh 12 DOWN THE RIVER AFTER THE BOY By Alfred Stetson 14 “ FLUTTER , FLUTTER ! ” By Mary N. Prescott 16 DRAWING-LESSON By Harrison Weir 17 CHRISTMAS BELLS By George Cooper 18 JACK THE MAGPIE By Aunt Sadie 19 PORTRAITS FOR LITTLE FOLKS By K. G . 21 AMONG THE HOLLY-BUSHES By Emily Carter 23 ( Missing ) THE BASKET OF APPLES By Uncle Sam 25 CHRISTMAS ( Music by T. Crampton ) 32 A BRAIN AND NERVE FOOD . Vitalized Phos-phites ( This differs from all other tonics because it is composed of the nerve-giving principles of the ox brain and wheat germ .) It gives vitality to the insufficient growth of children ; feeds the brain and nerves ; prevents fretfulness ; gives quiet rest and sleep . An ill-fed brain learns no lessons , and is excusable if peevish . Restless infants are cured in a few days . For sale by Druggists , or mail , $ 1. 00 . = F . CROSBY 666 8TH AVE. N. Y .= EDITOR 'S PORTFOLIO . *** “ The Nursery ” is fortunate , not only in being in charge of its original editors , but in retaining the good will and hearty co-operation of its most valued contributors . *** Among these the name of Marian Douglas deserves special mention . We present a capital poem from her pen , and are promised a series of a similar character , one of which will appear in each number during the year . The name of George Cooper is also endeared to our readers by his charming verses . A poem by him is given in this number , and we have others in store . George S. Burleigh , Emily Carter , Jane Oliver , Mary N. Prescott , and other favorites contribute to our table of contents . *** Some choice things that came too late for this issue will appear in future numbers . Poems by Mrs. M. D . Brine , illustrated by her sister , Miss Northam , poems and sketches by Josephine Pollard , Clara Doty Bates , and others , are among the treasures held in reserve . = The Yearly Volume of “ The Nursery ” for 1880 is now ready . Sent by mail , postpaid , for $ 1. 75 .= Direct all communications to = THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO .,= 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . = The Nursery 1867-1881 A MONTHLY MAGAZINE FOR YOUNGEST READERS .= This unique and much-admired work , begun in 1867 , and now a welcome and trusted visitor in every intelligent family where there is a child , gives in every number a profusion of THE CHOICEST PICTURES , Executed in the best and most costly style , and , in most cases , from original designs made expressly for the young . ITS ARTICLES , Whether in prose or verse , are adapted with the greatest care to the capacities of children , and are , with very rare exceptions , wholly original . A SONG SET TO MUSIC , By a skilful composer , and specially adapted to children 's voices , is given in every number . TERMS : = Subscription Price ( postage included ) , $ 1. 50 . Payable always in advance . 15 cents a single number . A Sample Number will be sent for 10 cents .= Address all communications to THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . THE NURSERY . WHAT THE PAPERS SAY OF IT . If you would teach your child to read in the easiest , quickest , and most practicable way , easiest both to the child and the teacher , put “ The Nursery ” in its hands every month . Our word for it , you will be surprised at the result . “ The Nursery ” will be found a primer , a reading-book , drawing-book , story-book , and lesson-book , all in one .— Boston Transcript . “ The Nursery ” is as great a favorite as ever ; and all attempts to imitate it have failed . No other magazine can supply its place . No family where there are small children can afford to be without it .— Providence Press . Among American periodicals for the young , there is not one that we can more confidently commend than “ The Nursery . ” Indeed , there is not one of the kind in Europe that quite comes up to this .— N. Y . Tribune . Every house that has children in it needs “ The Nursery ” for their profit and delight ; and every childless house needs it for the sweet portraiture it gives of childhood .— Northampton Journal . “ The Nursery ” continues to be without a rival in its own field , and fills its place so well that none need wish for anything better . The idea that anything is good enough for the little ones finds no place in the mind of its editor , and both stories and pictures are of the choicest .— Chicago Advance . No better outlay of money can be made for children than in subscription to such a magazine as “ The Nursery , ” as it affords not only pleasure , but real benefit .— Richmond ( Va .) Religious Herald . We again repeat our hope that no family in this country , in which there is a child or children , will be without this beautiful , simple , and natural little magazine .— Marshall ( Mich .) Expounder . Of the many attempts to imitate it , all have failed . We are proud of such an American journal for children .— Illinois Schoolmaster . Teachers who have tried it say that it charms the children into learning to read . Blessings on the sunny “ Nursery ” ! Far and near may households be brightened by its presence !— Massachusetts Teacher . A bright , pleasant little pictorial , with which the smallest children able to read at all may be amused and instructed . Parents looking for such reading will be interested in it .— N. Y . Tribune . “ The Nursery ” is the very best magazine that we know for children . It is beautifully illustrated , and the stories are always clean and pure , inculcating kindness to one another and to animals . Its lessons are all in favor of truth , honor , and honesty . It should be in every family where there are young children to be entertained and instructed .— Woman 's Journal . “ The Nursery ” is ‘ a magazine for youngest readers , ’ and , as we know by its use in our own family , most admirably adapted for the purpose for which it is intended .— Charleston ( S. C .) Carolinian . Those who wish to furnish their little ones , just learning to read , with something fresh ,— something written with great care , and illustrated with skill , to which the ordinary ‘ primers ’ cannot and do not attain ,— should provide themselves with “ The Nursery . ” — Detroit Post . To those of our readers who have young children of their own , or who are called on to suggest quiet amusement for little patients , we can conscientiously commend “ The Nursery , ” a monthly juvenile magazine published in Boston , as the only periodical we have been able to find suited to the comprehension of children under ten or twelve years of age .— N. Y . Medical Gazette . We wish we could express in fitting words our gratitude to the editor , publisher , and contributors of this exquisite little magazine . It is intended for the small boys and girls who do not read very long words ; but , if we mistake not , ‘ children of a larger growth ’ will be fascinated by its charming pictures and its dainty execution .— N. Y . Liberal Christian . Few better services can be done than to banish namby-pamby trash from juvenile literature , and to substitute for it what is healthy and jolly and interesting . This is the work that “ The Nursery ” performs for little children , and we therefore take pleasure in its deserved success .— N. Y . Independent . THAT MERRY CHRISTMAS .] THAT MERRY CHRISTMAS . [ Illustration : W ] What a glad noise there was that Christmas morning ! The children had got up early to look in their stockings . John 's were not quite large enough to hold all of his gifts . It is rather hard to crowd a sword , a gun , and a rocking-horse all into one stocking . Mary had a fine new doll . Harry had a box , and , on taking off the cover , up sprang a wise-looking little man , with a cap on his head . Jessy had a doll , and a very pretty one it was too . Tommy had a what-do-you-call-it . Why did he look up the chimney ? I think it was to see if there was any sign of Santa Claus . John mounted his horse , waved his sword , and held up his gun . But very soon he began to get tired of them all . The thought came into his head that he was more than eight years old . “ What do I want of these toys ? ” said he . “ Why was I so silly as to choose them , when aunt Susan would have given me a microscope ? ” And John laid down his sword and gun , feeling quite above such childish things . When aunt Susan came , she saw that John did not seem as glad over his presents as the rest of the children did over theirs . “ What is the matter , John ? ” she asked . “ Why are you not playing with your toys ? ” “ Aunt Susan , ” said John , “ I wish I had taken the microscope . Is it too late ? ” “ No , John . I thought you might repent your choice , so I said to Mr. Grover , who keeps the toy-shop , ‘ I think I shall want to change the microscope : can I do so ? ’ He said , ‘ Yes . ’ His shop will be open till eleven o'clock . So run round and get the microscope , and tell him to send to-morrow and take back the toys . ” In five seconds John had on his hat , and was running down the street to Mr. Grover 's . He came back with the microscope in about half an hour , and was full of joy at the change . A merry Christmas it was then for all the children ! UNCLE CHARLES . Baby 's quiet family ] BABY 'S QUIET FAMILY . Whenever I walk With my children three , I laugh and I talk For the whole family . There 's Ruth ( her arm 's broken !) And Jane and Annette , They never have spoken Or laughed even , yet ; But I know when they 're glad ,— Mothers always can tell ,— And I 'm sad when they 're sad , For I love them so well ! Whenever we walk , Though they 're still as can be , I can easily talk Quite enough for the three . W. G . BABY AND THE BIRD . [ Illustration : BABY AND THE BIRD .] Baby is looking out of the window . Jane is holding him up so that he will not fall out . What does he see that makes him jump up and down with joy ? He sees a dear little bird . It has come for its daily meal of seed and crumbs . It is not afraid of baby ? Why should it be ? How could any bird be afraid of such a dear child ? When the bird has had its dinner , I think it will sing . A. B. C . [ Illustration : Chapter header ] A NEW YEAR 'S DIALOGUE . HARRY . Loud from the north the wild wind blows ; It sweeps the blue sky clear , And parts , amid the drifting snows , The path of the New Year ; The glad New Year that always brings So many bright delightful things , Gay holidays and merry plays , And loving wishes from our friends . A “ Happy New Year ” let us make , And keep it “ happy ” till it ends . By trying every day to see What good , good children we can be . KATE . Last year , when any thing went wrong , I used to fret the whole day long , And sometimes sob and cry aloud , Dark-looking as a thunder-cloud ; But , even in a gloomy place , I now must keep a sunny face ; For , all this year , I mean to see How bright and cheerful I can be . MARY . Last year , the flitting butterfly Was not so idle as was I ; I liked my sports and frolic well , But would not learn to read and spell : Now I must change my ways at once , Or I shall surely be a dunce . This glad New Year that has begun , Must leave me wiser when ‘ tis done . JAMES . Last year , my temper was so quick , My angry words came fast and thick , And brother Tom I 'd scold and strike When he did what I did not like . I am so sorry ! Loving words Are sweeter than the song of birds ; And , all this year , I mean to see If I a gentle child can be . ALL . ( Four or more .) The past is past ; the year is new : We will be patient , brave , and true ; When we are bidden , quick to mind ; Unselfish , courteous , and kind ; And try in every place to see What good , good children we can be . MARIAN DOUGLAS . [ Illustration : Tail piece ] [ Illustration : Chapter header ] THE SHEEP FOLLOW THE SHEPHERD . The tenth chapter of St. John says , “ He calleth his own sheep by name , and leadeth them out . He goeth before them , and the sheep follow him ; for they know his voice . And a stranger will they not follow , but will flee from him ; for they know not the voice of strangers . ” But may it not be the form or dress of the shepherd that the sheep know , and follow him ? To test this , a traveller , who had put the question , once exchanged dresses with a shepherd , and went amongst the sheep . The traveller in the shepherd 's dress called the sheep , and tried to lead them ; but “ they knew not his voice , ” and did not move . But when the shepherd called them , though he was in the traveller 's dress , they ran at once to him , thus proving that it was the voice that led them . I have a dog that will sometimes bark at me when I put on an overcoat which he has not seen me wear before . But , the moment he hears my voice , he seems ashamed of not having known me , and will whine , as if he would say , “ Pardon me , good master . It was very stupid in me not to know you . It was your coat I did not know . I will try to be wiser the next time . ” DORA BURNSIDE “ A FRIEND IN NEED . ” Henry lived in the great city of London . He was known as “ the boy at the crossing . ” He used to sweep one of the crossings in Oxford Street . In wet weather these crossings are very muddy . Now and then some one would give him a penny for his work . He did not make much in a day ; but what he got was a great help to his mother . That thought kept him daily at his work . One day he saw a little girl trying to lead her little brother across the street . The carts and the horses made her afraid , and she ran back timidly . “ What 's the matter , little girl ? ” asked Henry . “ I am afraid we shall be run over , ” said the girl . “ I 'll help you across , ” said Henry . Then , lifting the little boy in his arms , he took the girl by the hand , and led her safely to the other side of the street . A friend in need .] “ Thank you ! ” said the little girl ; and “ Thank you ! ” said her little brother , as plainly as he could speak it . I went up and asked the boy with the broom if he knew the children . “ I never saw them before in my life , ” said he ; “ but such little ones can n't get across without help . ” “ You are a good boy , ” said I . “ I think you must have a good father . ” “ I had one once , ” said he ; “ but now I have only a good mother . ” “ Well , Henry , ” said I , “ give her this shilling , and tell her I send it to her for teaching her boy to do good when he can get a chance . ” Tears came to the boy 's eyes . A shilling seemed a good deal of money to him , and it pleased him all the more because it was given him for his mother . “ Thank you , sir ; thank you ! ” said he , and he ran back to his work one of the happiest boys in London , I think , at that moment . JANE OLIVER . “ IN A MINUTE . ” If you asked Dora to do any thing , she would reply , “ In a minute . ” It was a bad habit she had . “ Dora , please bring me a drink of water . ” — “ In a minute . ” — “ Dora , go up stairs , and bring me down my comb . ” — “ Yes , mother , in a minute . ” — “ Dora , come to your dinner . ” — “ In a minute . ” One day the bird was hopping about on the floor . Somebody went out , leaving the door open , just as “ somebody ” is always doing . Dora 's mother said , “ Dora , shut the door , or the cat will be after your bird . ” “ Yes , mother , in a minute , ” said Dora . “ I just want to finish this line in my drawing . ” But the cat did not wait till this was done . In he popped , and with one dart he had the bird in his mouth . Down went the slate on the floor , and away went cat , bird , and Dora . There was a wild chase on the lawn . “ In a minute ” Dora came back weeping , with the poor bird in her hand , but , oh ! the life had all been shaken out of him . Dora and the bird .] How Dora cried ! Mamma was sorry for her , but said , “ A great many things may happen ‘ in a minute , ’ Dora . I hope the next time you are told to do a thing , you will do it at once . ” MARY ADDISON . THE CHRISTMAS TREE [ Illustration : THE CHRISTMAS TREE ] Spring and Summer and russet Fall Come and go with a varied cheer ; Each has something , and none has all , Of the good things of the year . Winter laughs , though the trees are bare , With a kindly laugh that is good to see ; For of all the forest is none so rare As his merry Christmas-tree . It blooms with many a taper 's flame ; And hidden under the leaves of green Are fruits of every shape and name , The funniest ever seen ,— [ Illustration : Another Christmas Tree ] Book and bundle , and scarf , and shawl , Picture and peanuts , skate and saw , Candy and album , and bat and ball , Hatchet , and doll , and taw , Games and frames , and comical dames With walnut faces wrinkled and old , Fillets rare for the sunny hair , And jewels of pearl and gold . For the good St. Nicholas blest this tree , And it blooms and bears for every one , With a gift of love to you and me , For beauty , or use , or fun . Poorer than any the Child whose name Has given a name to our Christmas-tree ; Yet kingly gifts to his cradle came , And kingly gifts gave He . GEORGE S. BURLEIGH . DOWN THE RIVER AFTER THE BOY . Walter Dale was a little boy six years old , who lived with his parents on the bank of the River Thames in England . One day , after dinner , he went to the water 's edge to play . Seeing a small boat tied to a big stone by a rope , he pulled the boat up to the shore . “ What a nice little boat ! ” said he . “ I will get into it , and rock it , as I once saw a big boy do . ” So he got into the boat , and began to rock it . The boat got loose , and drifted down the river . Walter did not notice this until he was quite a distance from the shore ; then , turning round , he saw what had happened . Every moment the current was carrying him further from home . Walter was not a timid boy , and , instead of crying , he began to reason in this way : “ The boat does not leak . It is safe and sound . There are no waves to make me afraid . The wind does not blow . Here on a seat is a thick blanket . In this box is a loaf of bread and a knife . The water of the river is good to drink , and here is a tin mug . I think I will not cry , but hope for the best . ” So he sat down . He called to some people on the shore ; but they did not hear him . He stood up , and waved his hat to a man in a passing boat , and cried , “ Help , help ! ” But the man thought it was some little fellow making fun of him . Meanwhile Walter 's mother had become anxious . She ran down to the river , and followed his foot-tracks to the edge of the water . Then she ran back to her husband ; but he was not in the house . In about an hour he came back , and she said , “ Quick , quick ! Get a boat , and call John to help you . Walter is drifting down the river in that little green boat , I am sure . ” Mr. Dale ran out of the house , called his man John , and they went down to the bank . Here they took a good fast boat , pulled it out into the stream , and began to row with the current . It was getting late . A mist was creeping over the great city of London . They could hardly see the tall stores , the masts and steeples on one side . But on they went , rowing swiftly with their good oars , as if for dear life . Searching for Walter .] They looked out sharply on both sides to catch a sight of the little green boat . At last , when they had rowed about two miles , with the tide in their favor , Mr. Dale cried out , “ I see it ! I see it ! But , ah ! it is empty . I see no sign of a boy in it . What can have become of poor Walter ? ” On they rowed , and at last , came up with the boat . Still no Walter was to be seen . The poor father was in despair , when all at once Walter started up from under the great blanket , where he had been hiding . He cried out , “ Here I am , papa , safe and sound ! ” “ Oh , you little rogue ! Come here and let me pull your ears ! ” They all got back to their home in time for a late tea , which mother had kept warm for them . Walter was kissed and then cuffed ; but the cuffs were so tender , that they made him laugh even more than the kisses . ALFRED STETSON . “ FLUTTER , FLUTTER ! ” Flutter , flutter , with never a stop , All the leaves have begun to drop ; While the wind , with a skip and a hop , Goes about gathering in his crop . Flutter , flutter , on bustling-wings , All the plump little feathered things : Thrush and bobolink , finch and jay , Follow the sun on his holiday . Flutter , flutter , the snowflakes all Jostle each other in their fall . Crowd and push into last year 's nest , And hide the seeds from robin-redbreast . Flutter , flutter , the hours go by ; Nobody sees them as they fly ; Nobody hears their fairy tread , Nor the rustle of their wings instead . MARY N. PRESCOTT . DRAWING-LESSON . CHRISTMAS BELLS CHRISTMAS BELLS . “ Are you waking ? ” shout the breezes To the tree-tops waving high , “ Do n't you hear the happy tidings Whispered to the earth and sky ? Have you caught them in your dreaming , Brook and rill in snowy dells ? Do you know the joy we bring you In the merry Christmas bells ? Ding , dong ! ding , dong , Christmas bells ! “ Are you waking , flowers that slumber In the deep and frosty ground ? Do you hear what we are breathing To the listening world around ? For we bear the sweetest story That the glad year ever tells : How He loved the little children ,— He who brought the Christmas bells ! Ding , dong ! ding , dong , Christmas bells ! GEORGE COOPER . JACK THE MAGPIE . One day last summer , a man in Colorado found a magpie by the roadside . Its wings had been clipped , so that it could not fly . The man gave it to a little boy named Ernest Hart . He lived with his parents in a neat cottage near by a mountain stream . He ran home , and showed the bird to his sister Edith . They named it Jack . Jack was quite a large bird . His body was black as coal ; his breast was white ; and his wings and tail shaded off into a dark green . His bill was long and very strong . He had a shrewd , knowing look . As he was quite tame , he must have been some one 's pet . He would hop and strut around in such a funny , pompous way , that one could not help laughing . He would take food from any one 's hand , but would not let any one touch him , except Mr. Hart , the children 's father . To Mr. Hart he seemed to take a great liking . He would hop on to his hand or shoulder : he would follow him all over the place . As soon as Mr. Hart came into the house , Jack would stand outside the door , and scream to him to come out . Indeed , Jack was almost too fond of him . One day when Mr. Hart was chopping wood , Jack kept laying his bill within two or three inches of the place where the axe fell . It seemed just as if he wanted his bill chopped off . Jack could talk a little . He could say “ pretty , ” “ what , ” and “ yes , sir . ” When hungry , he would come round to the kitchen-door . There he would keep up a loud chattering , till food was given him to eat . Jack was shy of Marcus , the dog . But , while Marcus was eating his dinner , Jack would steal up , and seize a bone from the plate . Then he would run off and hide it . I believe that all magpies are thieves . I know that Jack was a sad thief . He would carry off almost any thing he saw lying about . One day he was caught in the act of carrying off the gardener 's pipe . It was fun for Ernest and Edith to watch him at his mischief . All summer they made much of him . Now , in October , though the trees are still green and the wild flowers are not gone , we have had in our Colorado home a taste of winter . Jack the magpie and the dog . The ground has been white with snow . Jack is still with us , and seems quite happy . Edith and Ernest may stay here all winter . Perhaps I may tell you something of their winter sports . Would you like to hear it ? AUNT SADIE . PORTRAITS FOR LITTLE FOLKS . Master Baby This is Master Baby , Paying a morning call , Sitting so good upon his chair , But speaking not at all . Listening to every word , The funny little man ! Wondering at the news he hears , Thinking all he can . Miss Mary Vernon This little lady , I 'd have you know , Is Miss Mary Vernon , With cheeks in a glow . She has a doll Bella , Quite dear to her heart , And takes her to ride In a nice little cart . Tommy Trip This is Tommy Trip : Bubbles he can blow ; When a bubble breaks too soon , Tommy cries , “ Do n't go ! ” Older folks I know , Who their fine schemes make , And , when any fine scheme fails , Cry , “ Oh , do not break ! ” Susan ‘ Tis the winter cold , All the ponds are ice ; Susan loves the winter cold , Calls the weather nice . Warm with muff and coat , She can go and skate ; She can glide along the ice At a merry rate . Mary Jane This is Mary Jane , See ! she has a saucer : To her cat she says , “ Give me up your paw , sir . I 've some fresh , nice milk You will relish greatly . ” Pussy then put up her paw ; All this happened lately . Baby May This is Baby May : She looks out to spy If her own dear papa comes On the road near by . Yes , she sees him now , He is coming fast ; For he loves his Baby May , Loves her first and last . K. G . THE BASKET OF APPLES . THE BASKET OF APPLES . I . Albert is a bright little fellow . He is not three years old ; but he can read ten words in “ The Nursery . ” These words are , cat , dog , cow , horse , bird , mother , father , brother , sister , apple . One day , John the gardener left a basket of apples at the top of the garden-steps . Albert saw it , and knew it was meant for the house . “ I will take it in , ” said he . “ I am strong . ” Albert II II . But the basket was not so light as he had thought . Indeed it was quite heavy . Perhaps this was because it was full of apples . The gardener had just picked them from a fine old tree in the orchard . Albert was a stout little fellow ; but the basket was too much for him . In trying to lift it , he upset it ; and some of the apples rolled out down the steps as fast as they could go . Perhaps they saw it was a good chance to run away . Albert III III . Albert did not cry . He knew that crying would do no good . What was now the first thing to be done ? Albert thought for a while , and said to himself , “ The first thing to do is to set the basket upright . ” He did not find it hard work to do this . All the apples had not run out . Some were still in the basket . Albert picked up one , smelt of it , and then put it back . He next placed the basket upright . Albert IV IV . Having done this so that the basket stood firm , he said , “ What is the next thing to do ? The next thing to do is to put back the apples ; and I am the boy that can do it . ” And he did it well . He did not once think of keeping any of the apples for himself ; nor did he even take a bite of one of them . He was a good boy , and too honest for that . If any one had said to him , “ Give me an apple , ” Albert would have said , “ The apples are not mine to give . ” Albert V V . “ Now it is all right again , ” said Albert . “ What next ? If the basket will not let me carry it , the basket shall carry me . That would be fair play . ” So he mounted the basket , as you see , took hold of the handle with his left hand , and cried out , “ Get up , sir ! ” He made believe it was a horse . “ Get up , sir ! ” he cried . But the horse would not move . Albert VI VI . Albert then began to shake the basket , as if to urge it on . Ah , me ! who would have thought to see it play the gay horse in earnest ? It seemed so gentle ! Who would have thought to see it shy , and kick up , and throw Albert off ? But so it did . Albert put out both hands to save himself , but he could not keep his seat . Over he went . Albert VII VII . Over went the basket . Albert , apples , and all rolled down the steps . “ Help ! ” he cried . The gardener ran up to see what was the matter . “ Where are my apples ? ” said he . “ Here ! ” said Albert , jumping up , for the lucky rogue was not hurt a bit . UNCLE SAM . CHRISTMAS . Words by ALFRED SELWYN . [ A ] Music by T. CRAMPTON . Music 1 . Christmas is coming , ho , ho , and ho , ho ! Now bring on your holy and do not move slow ; We 'll deck the whole house with the branches so green , On wall and on picture the leaves shall be seen . Oh ! merry the time when we all meet together In spite of the cold , the wind , and the weather , When grandparents , uncles , and cousins we see , All gather 'd around the mahogany tree . 2 . It stands in the hall , the mahogany tree ; And very nice fruit it will bear , you 'll agree ; The turkeys and capons , the puddings and pies , On Christmas day feed something more than the eyes . The poor and the needy then come to our door , And carry off with them a bountiful store Of all the good things that we have for ourselves , In cupboard and cellar , on table and shelves . 3 . When dinner is ended , what sound do we hear From holly-deck 'd parlor ring merry and clear ? ‘ Tis Uncle Tom 's fiddle ! the tune is a call To all the good people to come to our ball . They come , young and old , and partake of our cheer , For old Christmas comes only once in a year ! Then hand up the holly , and let us prepare The house for the pleasure in which all can share . FOOTNOTES : Footnote A : Nursery , Vol . XXIV . Nursery , Vol . XXIV . = The best Holiday Gift for a Child is a Subscription to “ The Nursery . "= ADVERTISEMENTS . ADVERTISEMENTS GOLD MEDAL , PARIS , 1878 . = BAKER 'S Breakfast Cocoa .= Warranted absolutely pure Cocoa , from which the excess of oil has been removed . It is a delicious drink , nourishing and strengthening ; easily digested ; admirably adapted for invalids as well as persons in health . Sold by Grocers everywhere . = W . BAKER & CO .,= Dorchester , Mass . 50 All Gold , Chromo , & Lit'g Cards , ( no 2 Alike ) , name on , 10c . Clinton Bros ., Clintonville , Ct . HOLIDAY PRESENTS .=— Young people make money very fast for Holiday purposes selling = Chinese Laundry Bluing = Sheets . Splendid article . Double your money . 3 samples & agency secured for 3c . stamp . = Marlboro Chemical W'ks , Marlboro , Ms .= 50 Finest Chromo , Gilt & Colored Scroll Cards ever sold only 10c . Agts . samples , 10c . G. A . Spring , Northford , Ct . 50 All Lithographed Gold , Floral , & Motto Cards , No 2 alike , 10c . Agts . Mammoth Outfit . 10c . Globe Card Co. Northford , Ct . 20 Chromo Cards , no 2 alike , Lock . 10c . with name , postpaid . Samps taken . J. B. Husted , Nassau , N. Y . Eureka Silk . Every Spool Warranted = BEST IN THE WORLD for Hand and MACHINE Sewing .= = THE VOICE ,= Official organ Music Teachers ’ National Association , is devoted to voice culture in Singing , Reading and Speaking ; tells how to treat = STUTTERING ,= Stammering and other vocal defects : contains letters from Speech Sufferers , biographical sketches of Musicians , Elocutionists and Orators , the history of and essays on Music , hints on = ELOCUTION ,= Articles on Spelling Reform , and translations of German and French methods and writings , explains principles and utility of = VISIBLE SPEECH .= Published monthly , $ 1 a year ; single copy , 10c . Send for prospectus . Address , EDGAR S. WERNER , ALBANY , N. Y . = Readings ! Recitations ! Elocution ! 100 CHOICE SELECTIONS No . 18 NOW READY P. GARRETT & CO . 708 Chestnut St ., Philadelphia .= This number is uniform with the Series , and contains another HUNDRED splendid = Declamations = and = Readings ,= combining = Sentiment , Oratory , Pathos , Humor , Fun . 180pp .= Price , = 30 cts .=, mailed free . Sold by Booksellers . Every boy who speaks pieces , every member of a Lyceum who wants = Something New = to recite , should = Get the Whole Set =. Club rates , and = Full List of Contents Free .= = KNABE PIANO FORTES . Fifty Years before the Public = Upon their excellence alone have attained an = UNPURCHASED PRE-EMINENCE = Which establishes them as unequalled in TONE , TOUCH , WORKMANSHIP & DURABILITY . = WAREROOMS : 113 Fifth Avenue , New York . 204 & 206 W Baltimore St ., Baltimore .= VICK 'S ILLUSTRATED FLORAL GUIDE . = VICK 'S ILLUSTRATED FLORAL GUIDE . 1881 .= Is an Elegant Book of 100 Pages , One Colored Flower Plate , and 600 Illustrations , with Descriptions of the best Flowers and Vegetables , and how to grow them . Sent free , by mail , 10 cents . In English or German . Vick 's Seeds are the best in the world . The Floral Guide will tell how to get and grow them . = Vick 's Illustrated Monthly Magazine =— 32 pages , fine illustrations , and colored plate in every number . Price $ 1. 25 a year . Five copies for $ 5. 00 . Specimen numbers sent for 10 cents ; 3 trial copies for 25 cts . Address = JAMES VICK , Rochester , N. Y .= HANFORD 'S NONE SUCH BAKING POWDER . = Absolutely Pure .= Composed of Grape Cream Tarter and Bicarbonate Soda . Contains = nothing else =. Full weight . Forfeited if not as represented . All other kinds have filling . Sample and test to detect filling free by mail . In cans only . GEO . C. HANFORD , Syracuse , N. Y . [ Symbol : Pointing hand ] A pound Can , prepaid , 60 cts , to any address . ADVERTISEMENTS . $ 66 a week in your own town . Terms and $ 5 outfit free . H. HALLETT & CO ., Portland , Maine . A key that will wind any watch ] AND NOT WEAR OUT . SOLD by Watchmakers . By mail . 30 cts . Circulars FREE . J. S . BIRCH & CO ., 38 Dey St ., N. Y . $ 5 to $ 20 per day at home . Samples worth $ 5 free . Address STINSON & CO ., PORTLAND , MAINE . INVALID ROLLING CHAIR . ( RECLINING ) INVALID ROLLING CHAIRS . A Priceless boon to those who are unable to walk . Hon . A. H. Stephens , M. C ., and hundreds of others use them . Send for Circular to FOLDING CHAIR CO ., New Haven , Conn . $ 72 A WEEK . $ 12 a day at home easily made . Costly outfit free . Address TRUE & CO ., Augusta , Me . AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE to sell the best = Family Knitting Machine = ever invented . We knit a pair of stockings , with HEEL and TOE complete , in 20 minutes . It will also knit a great variety of fancywork for which there is always a ready market . Send for circular and terms to the =' Twombly Knitting Machine Co .,= 409 Washington St ., Boston , Mass . = Please Show your copy of THE NURSERY to all your friends , and ask them to subscribe for it at once . Get up a Club .= = If you want a large , live , 16-page , illustrated , religious , family , temperance paper , free = from sectarianism , politics , controversy , pious novels , continued stories , advertisements , puffs , pills , and whisky bitters ; opposing rum , tobacco , infidelity , and the devil ; containing pictures , true stories , incidents , providences , answers to prayer , poetry , music , temperance , religion , and common sense ; fine paper , large type , and good reading for young and old ; send $ 1 for THE CHRISTIAN and 25 cts . for the LITTLE CHRISTIAN a year . Both papers sent 3 months for 10 cts . Size 33 by 46 inches , containing 4 papers in one , The Christian , Armory , Safeguard , and Common People . Specimens free . = Splendid premium list .= Organs and hundreds of other premiums to canvassers . = Agents wanted everywhere . Mr. Spurgeon said ,= “ The Christian is the best paper that is to me . ” = D. L . Moody said := “ About the best paper in the country . ” = George Muller said := “ I like The Christian for its uniform soundness . ” Address H. L . HASTINGS , Publisher , 47 Cornhill , Boston , Mass . Cheapest and Best Supplementary Reading for Primary Schools ! We call the attention of School Committees , Teachers , and others to = The Child 's Reader .= We have 30 different numbers . Each number contains 16 pages . Large type . Richly illustrated . Send stamp for specimen . Address THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . PRETTY PAPER FOR PAPER DOLLS . Send 15 cents , and get 20 varieties by mail . THE NURSERY , 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . ORGANS $ 30 to $ 1000 ; 2 to 32 Stops PIANOS $ 125 up . Paper free . Daniel F. Beatty . Washington , N. J . The Bound Volumes of “ The Nursery ” for 1880 are now ready . $ 1. 75 postpaid . = Choicest Books for Children = = SUPERBLY ILLUSTRATED .= = Bound Volumes of “ The Nursery . "=— Half-Yearly Volumes , $ 1. 00 ; yearly , $ 1. 75 = The Beautiful Book .=— A collection of the choicest Poems ... $. 75 = The Easy Book .=— In large Old English Type . Full cloth ,. 75 ; half-cloth ,. 50 = The Nursery Primer .=— A superb book of 64 pages , elegantly bound ,. 30 = The Nursery Reader .=— Nos . 1 , 2 , and 3 , each. 30 =" The Nursery ” for Primary Schools .=— Nos . 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 , each ,. 30 = Nursery Stories in Prose and Rhyme = 1. 00 Sent postpaid , on receipt of price , by THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO ., 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . = THE NURSERY . PREMIUM-LIST FOR 1881 .= = For Two Subscribers and $ 3. 00 ,= we will give any one of the following articles :— any Half-Yearly Volume of The Nursery , Oxford 's Junior Speaker , The Easy Book , The Beautiful Book , an English Pocket Bible ( gilt clasp ) , any book worth $ 1. 00 , a Rubber Pencil Case with gold tips , a Silver Fruit Knife , a Pocket Tool-Holder , a beautiful Wallet , a Toy Cannon , a Box of Alphabet Blocks , a nice Pocket-Knife , a Dissected Map of the United States , a Checker-Board , Gold Sleeve Buttons , Ladies ’ Cuff-Pins . = For Three Subscribers and $ 4. 50 ,= we will give any one of the following : any Yearly Volume of The Nursery , Oxford 's Senior Speaker , Sargent 's Original Dialogues , a nice gilt Shakspeare , any one of the Standard Poets , any book worth $ 1. 50 , a Backgammon-Board , a Travelling Bag , a Microscope . = For Four Subscribers and $ 6. 00 ,= we will give any one of the following : a superb English Bible ( extra gilt ) , Webster 's Dictionary , any one of the Household Edition of the Poets , ( Longfellow , Tennyson , Whittier , etc .) , any book worth $ 2. 00 , a beautiful Photograph Album , Six Plated Tea Spoons , a Gold Ring . = Any other article transmissible by mail may be selected as a premium , its value being in proportion to the number of subscribers sent . Thus , we will give for Two Subscribers , at $ 1. 50 each , an article worth $ 1. 00 ; for Three , an article worth $ 1. 50 ; for Four , an article worth , $ 2. 00 ; and so on . But take notice that this is not an offer to give money . Books for Premiums may be selected from any publisher 's catalogue , and we can always supply them at catalogue prices . Under this offer , subscriptions to any periodical or newspaper are included .= Take notice that our offers of premiums apply only to subscriptions paid at the full price : viz ., $ 1. 50 a year . We do not offer premiums for subscriptions supplied at club-rates . We offer no premiums for one subscription only . We offer no premiums in money . Do not wait to make up the whole list before sending . Send the subscriptions as you get them , stating that they are to go to your credit for a premium ; and , when your list is completed , select your premium , and it will be forthcoming . Remittances may be made with absolute safety by Postal Money Order , or by a Bank Check on Boston , New York , or Philadelphia . Money may be sent by mail without much risk . Postage Stamps may be used for odd change . Letters can be Registered at any Post Office . All remittances are at the risk of the sender . Direct all communications to = THE NURSERY PUBLISHING CO .,= 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass . THE NURSERY TERMS —— 1881 . = SUBSCRIPTIONS .=—$ 1. 50 a year , in advance . Two copies for $ 2. 75 a year ; three for $ 3. 50 ; four for $ 4. 50 ; five for $ 5. 50 ; six for $ 6. 00 ; each additional copy $ 1. 00 , always in advance . Subscriptions received for any period not less than six months . = A Single Number = will be mailed for 15 cents . = Volumes = begin with January and July . Subscriptions may commence with any month , but unless the time is specified , will date from the beginning of the current volume . = Back Numbers = can always be supplied . THE MAGAZINE COMMENCED JAN ., 1867 . = Bound Volumes ,= each containing the numbers for six months , will be sent by mail , postpaid , for $ 1. 00 per volume ; yearly volumes for $ 1. 75 . = Covers = for half-yearly volumes , postpaid , 35 cents ; covers for yearly volume , 40 cents . = Prices Of Binding .=— In the regular half-yearly volume , 40 cents ; in one yearly volume ( 12 Nos . in one ) , 50 cents . If the volumes are to be returned by mail , add 10 cents for the half-yearly , and 15 cents for the yearly volume , to pay postage . = Remittances = should be made , if possible , by Bank-check or Postal money-order . Currency by mail is at the risk of sender . Postage Stamps may be used as currency . = Notice to Subscribers .=— The number of the magazine with which the subscription expires is indicated by the number annexed to the address on the printed label . When no such number appears , the subscription ends