THE RURAL MAGAZINE , AND LITERARY EVENING FIRE-SIDE . VOL . I. PHILADELPHIA , Fourth Month , 1820 . No . 4 . FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . THE DESULTORY REMARKER . No . III . He whose object is to make an impression on the public mind , must first , as an indispensable preliminary , secure the public attention . Much that is said or written , partakes in so great a degree of an unimpressive and a common-place character , as to be utterly disregarded . To succeed in obtaining the public ear , is as difficult as it is important . This success is perhaps most efficiently promoted , by listening with attention to every remark of criticism , whether good-natured or severe ;— by then adopting the counsels of wisdom , and leaning on the solid column of experience . If these papers should fail to acquire popularity , and , like many of their predecessors , sink into undeserved oblivion ; it shall not be from the want of a disposition to please , but from the absence of higher powers . It is the peculiar province of genius to render prolific the most sterile soil , to invest with interest the most intractable topic , and to mould into the form of beauty the most unpromising materials . For this rare and brilliant endowment , no adequate substitute can be found . Should every public speaker , or public writer , be required to confine themselves to what is absolutely original , or strictly relevant to their subject ; what would become of a vast majority of the tribe of authors , and ninety-nine out of a hundred of our orators in Congress ? Of a speech of three or five hours in length , one effect may be confidently predicted ; that those of the audience who do not fall asleep , will be fatigued and justly irritated , by such an unwarrantable trespass on their time and patience . Our national character is not yet completely formed ; but some features of it are assuming a permanent shape . Among these , there is one , by no means calculated to elevate us in the estimation of the rest of the world . Instead of that simplicity and Spartan brevity , by which republicans should be distinguished , we habituate ourselves to the unnecessary use of a multitude of words . WE ARE GIANTS IN PROFESSION , BUT PIGMIES IN ACTION . It has been confidently asserted , that the speeches of one of the members of our federal legislature , from Tennessee , have actually cost the United States more money , than would defray the entire expense of completing the Delaware and Chesapeake canal . Now that the Missouri discussion is terminated , how honourable to the nation , it is not my present purpose to inquire ; it would be desirable to ascertain whether the vote of a solitary member was changed , by the endless speeches which were delivered on the subject . If not , I should presume it was a pretty clear point , that they cost the PEOPLE much more than they were worth ; and that such a prodigal waste of the time and treasure of the nation , is highly reprehensible . But instead of arraigning the conduct of others , and exposing their weakness and defects , it may perhaps be the part of prudence to spare our censure for errors to be met with much nearer home . By giving publicity to the following communication , I trust I shall not trespass on the indulgence of my readers ; while at the same time I shall evince a spirit of no fictitious candour , by which I wish at all times to be actuated . “ HARRISBURG , March 20 . “ To the Desultory Remarker . “ SIR — You will pardon the liberty which , as a perfect stranger , I take of addressing you . I have long cultivated a taste for literature ; not that which abounds in circulating libraries , but that which is met with in those “ founts of English undefiled , ” the classical poets and essayists of Great Britain . Of the latter , I have a decided preference for ADDISON ; because his humour is as innocent as it is exquisite ; and because his sincere and fervid piety is diametrically opposed to every thing like monastic gloom and austerity . He was a benefactor to mankind during the course of his life ; and left them his example in the hour of death — “ See how a Christian can die ! ” I have not trimmed the midnight lamp , in perusing the pages of sentimental and mischievous nonsense ; but derive the highest gratification from those books which have long enjoyed the united suffrages of virtue . But to my purpose . You have embarked in an honourable undertaking , and one in which very few have been successful . You should profit , not merely by the wisdom of those that have gone before you , but also by their mistakes . I have read your two first numbers ; and unless some improvement shall take place , either in your matter or manner , you will never be a favourite of mine .— There is too much unvaried gravity , and studied elaboration , in them .— When we take up a newspaper , or magazine , we do not expect to meet with a sermon , however well disposed we might be to welcome it on a proper occasion . Permit me to observe , that a long , prosing , lifeless essay , will never be read ; and , if frequently met with , will create a distaste for the journal itself , in which it may appear . Being friendly to your success , you will indulge me in repeating , that should you fail to impart a greater degree of vanity and interest , to your future numbers ; if you do not more frequently smooth the wrinkled brow of care , and assume the aspect of cheerfulness , you will lose many of the female readers you have at present , and among the rest , “ Your humble servant , “ STELLA . ” This is a sensible , well written letter ; and , if it would not be indecorous to express an opinion as to another feature of it , not overburthened with compliment . I am aware of the force and truth of some of STELLA 's observations ; and will endeavour occasionally to profit by them . Though considerably advanced in the vale of years , I hope never to be insensible to the good opinion of that sex , which can successfully prefer claims to excellence , in every department of virtue ; and whose influence on the well-being of society , is so incalculably important . What if my temples be encircled with the frosts of many winters , and the wings of my fancy be enfeebled , by that incurable malady , old age ; I still shall be delighted to minister to the pleasure of those , whose approbation is worth desiring — The wise and the learned , the witty and the fair . An outline of the female character has been thus happily and accurately sketched , by the pencil of a poet .— The last couplet is descriptive of a trait in this character , which is as amiable as it is true . Oh ! Woman , in our hours of ease Uncertain , coy , and hard to please , And variable as the shade By the light , quivering aspen made ; When pain and anguish wring the brow , A ministering angel thou . FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . THE VILLAGE TEACHER . In my younger days , I passed a considerable time in the pleasant village of G ——. The society was lively and agreeable ; and , as it consisted chiefly of ladies , our usual place of meeting was at the tea table and the evening circle . Literature , the news of the day , and our little amusements , furnished the principal subjects of conversation ; and although the society was elegant and well educated , yet the frequency of our meetings often drove us , for variety , to the intrigues and petty scandal of the neighbourhood . The disposition for this kind of entertainment became at last so strong , that we grew ashamed of it ; and resolved one evening to create a “ Court of Scandal , ” by which all offences against the good breeding and charity of speech should be tried , and whose decisions we bound ourselves to obey . When I observe how strong is our propensity for scandal , and with what greediness evil-speaking is listened to , I cannot help wishing that there were such a tribunal in every one 's bosom . Did it exist , or rather did we suffer the voice which there speaks , to be heard ; we should often be humbled at its decisions . If we unmask our actions and our motives , we shall find this propensity at the bottom of much of what is called — virtuous indignation . At one time , it assumes the mock appearance of charity ; at another , it tries to hide itself in sallies of wit , or lurks beneath a half whispered insinuation , or a kind doubt , or a malicious inquiry . Its seeds are deeply sown , and take still deeper root in the human breast ; and it requires the strictest self-examination , and the greatest candour , to avoid being overrun , if I may so express myself , with this nightshade . I know of nothing more despicable , than the little mincing scandal which buzzes about in our polite circles . Always on the wing , with honey in its mouth , and poison and bitterness in its trail , it spreads the injurious aspersion , and the doubtful insinuation ; and fastens them , like mildew , upon the fairest and purest characters . It is a vice essentially grovelling , and low-minded , and which grows upon us at unawares . It advances imperceptibly through all its various degrees ; from idle curiosity to the deep and settled malignity , which has no pleasure but in the weaknesses , the errors , and misfortunes , of those around it . Beware , reader ! lest while giving to my description a local habitation in the person of thy neighbours , thou indulgest the disposition thyself , and turnest my counsel into food for thy propensity .— But I have wandered from my original plan , which was , to give some account of our court of scandal , and of the decisions which it pronounced . The first cause that came before it , was , a complaint from Julia Manners against Miss Busy , who had circulated a report that Julia was about to be married . Miss Busy lived opposite to Julia 's father 's ; and generally took her morning and afternoon station at the parlour window . She one day espied from thence , a well dressed young man escorting Julia home . Her curiosity was immediately excited ; and she sallied out to the next neighbour 's , to inquire who the stranger was , and to wonder if he was not a suitor . The answer , It is like enough , was sufficient . She continued her walk , discovered his name at the next place where she inquired , and received some trivial confirmation of her conjecture at a third . From that time forward , she asked all whom she visited , or received , if they had seen Miss Manners ’ suitor . Conjecture was built upon conjecture , till at last poor Julia was to be married and sent off in the space of a fortnight . After a patient hearing of an hour , the court decreed , that Miss Busy should be interdicted any of our circle for two weeks , and that her parlour windows should be kept closed for as many months . Miss Lively happening to mention at the tea table , one afternoon , that Maria Harwood had jilted Captain Jones , was immediately called to an account . She blushed , and said it was common rumour , and that she knew nothing but what she had heard . The court decided that this circumstance would not excuse her , for that she thus lent the authority of her name to an idle story which she confessed she had no reason to believe was true . It was declared , that the person who assisted in circulating what was mere rumour , shared in the guilt of the fabricator ; and that as Miss Lively was Maria Harwood 's particular friend , she had in this instance doubly offended . Miss Lively was therefore examined again as to her authority for what she had said . After much inquiry and prevarication , it turned out , that her mother 's chamber-maid had heard Mr. Harwood 's cook say , that it would serve such a proud thing right , if Miss Maria would turn him off . The court ordered the fair offender to be reprimanded . The punishment had the proper effect ; and for six weeks she could not mention an article of doubtful intelligence , without being asked if it came from Mr. Harwood 's cook . The next cause which I recollect , was of rather a more intricate nature . Julia Manners and Emma Harwood were near neighbours , and lived on terms of close intimacy . Julia was unconcealing , generous , and frank ; free in her expressions , and warm in all her feelings . Emma was amiable and correct , but jealous of her dignity ; and rather eager in listening to the opinions of others respecting her . Such a disposition always finds some one ready to gratify it ; and Emma heard much to excite her jealousy , and alarm her pride . A young lady , a mutual friend , wondered to Emma that she should be so intimate with Miss Manners , and was sure she did not know all that Julia said about her . What ? eagerly exclaimed Emma . “ She could not say : it was told in confidence , and she did not like to hurt any one 's feelings . ” This only excited more curiosity , and Emma at last forced her half willing friend to confess , that Julia had called her proud and touchy ; and said she did not like her half so well as she did her sister . Miss Harwood felt much hurt ; and behaved very coolly to her old friend for several weeks . Julia at last complained to the court , and the affair was investigated . We found out , upon examining the witnesses , that Julia had only tacitly assented to these opinions , which had been expressed by the fair informer herself ; and had never suffered them to influence her conduct . Emma was thereupon ordered to kiss her old companion , and make an acknowledgment before the company of the injustice she had committed ; and we unanimously agreed to banish their mutual friend from our circle . I had intended to give some further decisions of our court , in which the gentlemen are particularly interested ; but my good friends , the Editors , are already looking askance for the end of my paper . In publica commoda peccem — if I longer take up the room devoted to my worthy neighbours , the farmers . I shall only add , that we found our court of scandal so efficacious , that it restored our conversation in a few weeks to its former tone , and entirely banished the spirit of which I have complained . FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . “ THE STORY OF RUTH . ” “ And , behold , Boaz came from Beth-lehem , and said unto the reapers , The Lord be with you . And they answered him , The Lord bless thee . ” There are moments in the life of every virtuous man , when the vices and the enormities by which he is surrounded , and above all , the glaring deficiencies which he is compelled to remark , even in those “ whom he hath delighted to honour , ” come back upon the mind with an overpowering force , and spread their disheartening influence over the whole train of his reflections . At such moments , when we have turned with disgust from the corruptions of human nature , and have almost been tempted to seek in “ some boundless contiguity of shade , ” a retreat from their contaminating influence ; it is peculiarly delightful to recur to some scene of virtuous enjoyment , or to disperse the gloom which has gathered around us by a reference to the simplicity of other times . While dwelling upon the records of ancient purity , we become conscious of a joyous complacency ; the mind is elated in the contemplation of its own capability of happiness , and reposes with delight upon the recollection of those peaceful pleasures , which can only exist among a virtuous people . There is , perhaps , no narrative to be found among the works of ancient or modern authors , upon which the man who has become weary of the follies of the world , can dwell with more soothing sensations , than upon the story of Ruth . It is not to the unrivalled beauty of its style , nor to the pathetic eloquence which it contains , nor to the affecting nature of its incidents , that it is indebted for its principal attractions . But it is in the delineations of the peculiar practices of a people , who , as yet , had not forgotten the characteristic simplicity of their fathers ; and in the striking allusions to their habits of social intercourse , that we feel ourselves most deeply interested . Many have delighted to paint the pleasures of rural life in all their most glowing colours ; they have dilated upon its real and its fancied enjoyments ; and have laboured to represent it as divested of all that shall darken the lustre of native purity , or detract from the reverence of virtue . But it may well be doubted whether they have ever presented us with so engaging , and yet so perfectly natural a picture , as that which is to be found in the simple and unlaboured narrative of inspiration . In the very salutations between Boaz and his reapers , we seem to have an evidence of that happy equality , and that habitual piety , which are alike the concomitants of untainted simplicity , and the victims of luxury and corruption . “ The Lord be with you , ” was the address of “ a mighty man of wealth ” to his reapers ; “ and they answered him , The Lord bless thee . ” These are doubtless to be considered as the accustomed salutations of the people ; and they may frequently have carried with them nothing more than the idea of mere ceremony . But they were salutations which must have originated among a religious people ; and it was a ceremony which must have been associated with all that is helpless and dependant in man , and all that is merciful and omnipotent in his Creator . C . Most of our readers will probably recollect the amiable and enterprising ELIZABETH FRY , who has been for some time past , like the celebrated Howard , engaged in visiting the prisons of England . The peculiarity of the undertaking , for a female , and her unexpected success in drawing the attention of the wretched objects of her care , to something like their native dignity , have excited much interest in the public mind . A copy of the following letter , giving some account of her proceedings in Glasgow , was handed to us , with the privilege of publishing it .— ED . Communicated for the Rural Magazine . Letter to Mrs. Fletcher , from a friend in Glasgow . Mrs. Fry 's manner and voice are delightful ; her communications , free and unembarrassed .— She met , by appointment , several of the magistrates , Mr. Erving , and a number of ladies , at Bridewell . She told them , with much simplicity , what had been done at Newgate ; and proposed something similar , if practicable , in Glasgow . She entered into very pleasant conversation with every one . All were delighted when she offered to speak a little to the poor women : but the Keeper of Bridewell said he feared it was a dangerous experiment ; for that they never , but by compulsion , listened to reading , and were generally disposed to turn all into ridicule . She said she was not without fear of this happening ; but she thought it would give pleasure to some , and would serve to show the ladies what she meant . The women , about a hundred , were then assembled in a large room ; and when she went in , seemed astonished , misdoubting , and lowering . She took off her little bonnet , and sat down on a low seat , fronting the women ; and looking round with a kind and conciliating manner , but with an eye that met every one , she said — “ I had better just tell you what we are come about . ” She said “ she had had to do with a great many poor women , sadly wicked ; more wicked than any now present , and how they had recovered from evil . ” Her language was often Biblical , always referring to our Saviour 's promises , and cheering with holy hope those desolate beings . “ Would you like to turn from that which is wrong ? Would you like if ladies would visit you , and speak comfort to you , and help you to be better ? Would you tell them your griefs ? for they who have done wrong have many sorrows . ” As she read them the rules , asking them always if they approved , they were to hold up their hands if they acceeded . At first we saw them down , and many hands were unraised ; but as she spoke , tears began to fall . One beautiful girl near me , had her eyes swimming in tears ; and her lips moved as if following Mrs. Fry 's . An older woman , who had her Bible , we saw pressing upon it involuntarily , as she became more and more engrossed . The hands were now almost all ready to rise at every pause ; and these callous and obdurate offenders were , with one consent , bowed before her . At this moment , she took the Bible , and read the parables of the lost sheep , and the pieces of silver , and the prodigal son .— It is not in my power to express the effect of her saintly voice , speaking such blessed words . She often paused , and looked at the “ poor women , ” as she named them , with such sweetness , as won all their confidence , and she applied with a beauty and taste such as I had never before witnessed , the parts of the story — His father saw him when he was afar off , & c .— A solemn pause succeeded the reading . Then , resting the large Bible on the ground , we saw her on her knees before the women . Her prayer was soothing and elevating ; and her musical voice , in the peculiar recitative tone of her sect . I felt it like a mother 's song to a suffering child . Communicated for the Rural Magazine . BRANDYWINE , 2d mo . 3 , 1820 . REUBEN HAINES , Esteemed friend — I avail myself of a leisure hour to communicate my opinion on the subject on which we had some conversation when thou wast at my house . I allude to the importance of a more general use of mill feed for cattle in the neighbourhood of cities and towns , where hay almost always commands a high price . We will , in the first place , view the subject at the cost of the respective articles in your market at this time .— Shorts can now be had at 30 cents per double bushel , weighing about 35 lbs . 100 bushels of shorts , weighing 3500 lbs . neat , will cost D. 30 00 3500 wt . of hay , at 25 dolls . per ton , will cost 39 12 Difference , D. 9 12 Here there is a difference of $ 9 , 12 cents , in favour of shorts , in a given weight of each ; but I am quite confident , in my own opinion , that , taking an equal weight of each , there is double the sustenance in the shorts ; and if this opinion be correct , it shows the following important result : 7000 lbs . of hay , at 25 dls . per ton , would cost D. 78 25 While 3500 lbs . of shorts , in which there is equal if not greater nutriment , would cost only 30 00 Gain in favour of shorts , D. 48 25 But it appears to me there is another important saving would result to the farmer , from the introduction of mill feed . It would enable him to keep his stock of horses at a great deal less expense than he now keeps them . They would be more healthy , and all his hay might be saved for the horned cattle . By a very slight mixture of shorts with cut straw , or cut corn-stalks , it would make very palatable food ; and the result in this method , compared with foddering on hay , would be as follows . One hundred bushels of shorts would be ample to mix with two tons of straw , and two tons of stalks . The shorts , as heretofore stated , would cost D. 30 00 2 tons of wheat , barley , or oat straw , at 5 dolls . per ton , 10 00 The corn-stalks are now generally put in the barn-yard : allow what paid for hauling them , say D. 2 50 per ton , 5 00 Allow also for trouble in cutting the straw and stalks , 10 00 55 00 The Weight of the foregoing as follows , viz . The shorts , 3500 lbs . 2 tons of straw , 4480 2 tons of stalks , 4480 12 , 460 lbs . An equal weight of hay , at the present price , 25 dolls . would cost 139 25 Difference , D. 84 25 Thou wilt readily perceive , without my dwelling on it , that the above method would answer equally well for store cattle as for horses . By the present mode the corn stalks are almost wholly lost , and a great proportion of the straw trodden under foot in the barn-yards . One benefit that would result from the change of feeding , and which must be obvious to every one , would be its enabling every farmer to keep a larger stock ; and thus increase his manure ,— the grand secret , after all is said , in farming well , and doing it to advantage . If it is alleged that my calculation of hay is too high , it may be observed , that the shorts are also estimated at a price higher than they often command in the Philadelphia market . I have known them as low as 20 cents ; and 25 cents is a very common price in the fall of the year . They may safely be put in bulk in the 11th mo . and will keep sweet until the ensuing spring .— I have thus hastily thrown my ideas together on this subject . If thou canst glean from them any thing of importance , I shall be glad . Thy assured friend , JAMES CANBY . Treatise on Agriculture . SECT . II . Of the actual state of Agriculture in Europe . 12 . The climate and soil of Great Britain and Ireland , are particularly favourable to husbandry ; nor is her geographical position less auspicious — placed , as she is , on the longest line , and amidst the most important markets of the continent of Europe . If to these advantages be added the laborious , enlightened , and enterprising character of the nation , we cannot but expect results the most favourable to agriculture : yet is the fact notoriously otherwise . To show that this opinion is neither hasty nor unfounded , we must enter into details , which may not be unprofitable . The surface of England is estimated at 37 , 265 , 853 acres , which are distributed as follows : In pasturage , 18 , 796 , 458 In tillage , 11 , 350 , 501 In cities , roads & canals , 3 , 454 , 740 Lands fit for pasturage or tillage not cultivated , 3 , 515 , 238 Lands unfit for cultivation , 2 , 148 , 921 Of the arable land the following annual disposition is made : Lands unfit for cultivation , 2 , 148 , 921 In wheat and rye , 2 , 000 , 000 In peas , beans , and buckwheat , 2 , 000 , 000 In barley and oats , 4 , 000 , 000 In fallow , or in turnips or cabbages , 3 , 400 , 000 The lands , in wheat and rye , yield on an average of ten years , three quarters per acre , or 6 , 000 , 000 quarters ; yet there is an annual deficit in England of 1 , 820 , 000 quarters , which must be drawn from foreign markets . [ 1 ] [ 1 ] A quarter is equal to six bushels , and the average produce in wheat and rye 18 bushels per acre . For the whole kingdom the deficit is 2 , 820 , 000 quarters . See Geographic Mathematic , art . Great Britain . There is certainly nothing very flattering in this view of English agriculture ; but it may be said to be one of statists and politicians , and probably underrated . Let us then see what their own most eminent agriculturists , their Young and Sinclair , and Dickson and Marshall , say on this subject — “ A very small portion of the cultivated parts of Great Britain , is to this day , submitted to a judicious and well conducted system of husbandry ; not in fact more than four counties , ( Norfolk , Sussex , Essex , and Kent :) while many large tracts of excellent soil are managed in a way the most imperfect and disadvantageous . "[ 2 ] [ 2 ] See the introduction to Dickson 's Practical Agriculture , 2d vol . quarto . Nor is her management of cattle better . “ Considering the domestic animals in a general way , we find each species , and almost every race , capable of great improvement , and , with a few exceptions , the sheep much neglected . In some districts are whole races of cattle incapable of improvement ( within a reasonable time ) in the three great objects which they are expected to yield , viz . milk , flesh , and labour . "[ 3 ] We now add some of the causes to which this defective husbandry has been ascribed : “ to enumerate all would be impossible , from their number and complication . "[ 4 ] [ 3 ] Marshal , vol . iv . p. 575 . [ 4 ] Dickson 's Practical Agriculture . “ 1st . The commons , or unenclosed grounds , which in many places amount to near one half of the whole arable land , and which are submitted to the most absurd and ruinous system of culture . "[ 5 ] [ 5 ] Idem . “ 2d . The terms ( amounting to personal servitude ) under which many of the lands are held . ” “ 3d . The shortness of leases given by corporations ( civil and religious ) and by individuals , and which seldom exceed three , five , or seven years , excepting in the counties of Norfolk , Sussex , Essex , and Kent , where ( with great advantage to both landlord and tenant ) they are frequently extended to twenty-one years . ” “ 4th . The tithes in kind , paid by the farmers to the church ; a tax highly vexatious in its character , and oppressive in its effects : and “ 5th . The poor tax , which has become enormous , and of which the yeomanry pay three fourths . Of this tax it has been truly said , that it is a powerful instrument of depopulation — a barbarous contrivance for checking all national industry . "[ 6 ] [ 6 ] Young 's Tour through Ireland , vol . ii . p. 302 . To these causes , assigned by British writers , may be added the increase of population , common to every nation of Europe , and which in Great Britain is beyond all proportion greater than the progress of agriculture ; the augmentation of cattle , which occasions that of pasturage , and the diminution of tillage ; [ 7 ] the establishment of great farms at the expense of small ones , and the multiplication of parks and pleasure grounds ; and lastly , the attraction of great cities , and the continual drafts made upon the agricultural population , for the army and navy , and for commerce and manufactures . [ 7 ] Mr. Hume quotes with approbation an author , who complains of the decay of tillage in the reign of Elizabeth , and who ascribes it to the increase of pasturage , in consequence of the restraints imposed on the exportation of grain , while that of butter , cheese , & c. was free . The history of Europe , if read with an eye to public economy , furnishes an abundant proof , that the greatest obstructions to agriculture have arisen from the interference of government . We have here no sly allusion to our own projects of a state board of agriculture , of a chymico agricultural professorship , nor even of an agricultural college , if the treasury in its wealth , and the legislature in its wisdom , should deem such institutions useful or necessary . SECT . III . Theory of Vegetation . Vegetables may be regarded as the intermediate link in the great chain of creation , between animals and minerals . The latter grow by mere chymical affinity , and by additions , sometimes analogous and sometimes foreign from their own nature ; while plants , like animals , have an organization that enables them to receive their food , digest and assimilate it to their own substance , reproduce their species , and maintain an existence of longer or shorter duration . Thus far the learned are agreed , but at the next step they differ . What is this food that gives to plants their developement , and maturity , and powers of reproduction ? Lord Bacon believed that water was the source of vegetable life , and that the earth was merely its home , its habitation , serving to keep plants upright , and to guard them against the extremes of heat and cold . Tull , on the other hand , ( and after him Du Hamel ) pronounced pulverized earth the only pabulum of plants , and on this opinion built his system of husbandry . Van Helmont and Boyle opposed this doctrine by experiments : the former planted and reared a cutting of willow in a bed of dry earth , carefully weighed and protected against accretion by a tin plate , so perforated as to admit only rain and distilled water , with which it was occasionally moistened . At the end of five years the plant was found to have increased one hundred and sixty-four pounds , and the bed of earth to have lost , of its original weight , only two ounces . Boyle pursued a similar process with gourds , and with a similar result . Notwithstanding the apparent conclusiveness of these experiments , their authority was shaken , if not subverted , by others made by Margraff , Bergman , Hales , Kirwan , & c. & c. The first of these showed , that the rain water employed by Van Helmont , was itself charged with saline and other earthy matter ; Bergman demonstrated this by analysis , while Kirwan and Hales proved that the earth in which the willow cutting was planted , could absorb these matters through the pores of the wooden box which contained it , and that a glass case could alone have prevented such absorption . Hunter , finding that oil and salt entered into the composition of plants , concluded that these formed their principal food , and accordingly recommended , as the great desideratum in agriculture , an oil compost . Lord Kaimes attempted to revive the expiring creed of Lord Bacon , but finding from Hales ’ statics , that one third of the weight of a green pea was made up of carbonic acid , he added air to the watery aliment of the English philosopher — but entirely rejected oil and earth , as too gross to enter the mouths of plants , and salt as too acrid to afford them nourishment . Quackery , which at one time or other , has made its way into all arts and sciences , could not easily be excluded from agriculture . Hence it was , that the Abbe de Valemont 's prolific liquor , and De Hare 's and De Vallier 's powders , & c. & c. were believed to be all that was necessary to vegetation , and found the more advocates , as they promised much and cost little . But before the march of modern chymistry , quackery could not long maintain itself ; and from the labours of Bennet , Priestly , Saussure , Ingenhouz , Sennebier , Sch æ der , Chaptal , Davy , & c. & c. few doubts remain on this important subject .— These will be presented in the course of the following inquiry . 1st . Of earths , and their relation to vegetation . Of six or eight substances , which chymists have denominated earths , four are widely and abundantly diffused , and form the crust of our globe . These are silica , alumina , lime , and magnesia .— The first is the basis of quartz , sand and gravel ; the second , of clay ; the third , of bones , river and marine shells , alabaster , marble , limestone and chalk ; and the fourth , of that medicinal article known by the name of calcined magnesia .— In a pure or isolated state , [ 8 ] these earths are wholly unproductive ; but when decomposed and mixed , [ 9 ] and to this mixture is added the residuum of dead animal or vegetable matter , [ 10 ] they become fertile , take the general name of soils , and are again specially denominated , after the earth that most abounds in their compositions respectively . If this be silica , they are called sandy ; if alumina , argillaceous ; if lime , calcareous ; and if magnesia , magnesian . Their properties are well known : a sandy soil is loose , easily moved , little retentive of moisture , and subject to extreme dryness ; an argillaceous soil is hard and compact when dry , tough and paste-like when wet , greedy and tenacious of moisture ; turns up , when ploughed , into massive clods , and admits the entrance of roots with great difficulty . A calcareous soil is dry , friable and porous ; water enters and leaves it with facility ; roots penetrate it without difficulty , and ( being already greatly divided ) less labour is necessary for it than for clay . Magnesian , like calcareous earth , is light , porous and friable ; but , like clay when wet , takes the consistency of paste , and is very tenaceous of water . It refuses to combine with oxygen , or with the alkalies ; is generally found associated with granite , gneiss , and schiste , and is probably among the causes of their comparative barrenness . [ 11 ] [ 8 ] See Gisbert 's experiments on pure earths and their mixtures . See also Davy 's Elements of Agricultural Chemistry , p. 156 . [ 9 ] In this respect nature has been neither negligent or niggardly , if ( as Fourcroy asserts ) the purest sand be a mixture of quartz , alumina , and sometimes of calcareous matter . Speculative geology is romance , and does not merit the name of science ; yet is science obliged to borrow her theory of soils . The alternation of heat and cold , moisture and dryness , decomposed the mountains of primitive , secondary and tertiary formation ; rains , and the laws of gravity , brought these from places of more , to places of less elevation — where , by mechanical mixture and chymical combination , the present substrata were formed . But these were yet naked and unproductive , when the Cryptogamia family ( mopes and lichens ) took possession of them , and in due time produced that vegetable matter , which made the earth productive and the globe habitable ! [ 10 ] Dead animal and vegetable matter , in the last stage of decomposition , give a black or brown powder , which the French chymists call terreau or humus , and which Mr. Davy calls an extractive matter ; this is the fertilizing principle of soils and manures . [ 11 ] The opinion is general among the chymists of Europe , that magnesian earth is not only barren itself , but the cause of barrenness in other soils in which it may abound , unless saturated with carbonic acid . See Base , Tennant , and Davy . In these qualities are found the mechanical relations between earths and vegetables . To the divisibility of the former it is owing , that the latter are enabled to push their roots into the earth ; to their density , that plants maintain themselves in an erect posture , rise into the air , and resist the action of the winds and rains ; and to their power of absorbing and holding water , the advantage of a prolonged application of moisture , necessary or useful to vegetable life . But besides performing these important offices , there is reason to believe that they contribute to the food of vegetables . This opinion rests on the following considerations and experiments : 1 . If earths do not contribute directly to the food of plants , then would be all soils alike productive ; or in other words , if air and water exclusively supply this food , then would a soil of pure sand be as productive as one of the richest alluvion . 2 . Though plants may be made to grow in pounded glass , or in metallic oxides , yet is the growth , in these , neither healthy nor vigorous ; and , 3 . All plants , on analysis , yield an earthy product ; [ 12 ] and this product is found to partake most of the earth that predominates in the soil producing the analyzed plant ; if silica be the dominant earth , then is the product obtained from the plant silicious ; if lime prevail , then is the product calcareous , & c. & c. This important fact is proved by De Saussure . [ 12 ] Davy says this never exceeds one fiftieth of the whole product . 1st Experiment . Two plants ( the pinus abies ) were selected , the one from a calcareous , the other from a granitic soil , the ashes of which gave the following products ; Granitic Calcareous soil . soil . Potash 3 60 15 Alk . and mu . sul 4 24 15 Carbonate of lime 46 34 63 Carbonate of magnesia 6 77 00 Silica 13 49 00 Alumina 14 86 16 Metallic oxides 10 52 00 2d Experiment . Two Rhododendrons were taken , one from the calcareous soil of Mount de la Salle , the other from the granitic soils of Mount Bevern . Of a hundred parts , the former gave fifty-seven of carbonate of lime and five of silica ; the latter , thirty of carbonate of lime , and fourteen of silica . 3d Experiment . This was made to determine whether vegetables , the product of a soil having in it no silica , would , notwithstanding , partake of that earth .— Plants were accordingly taken from Reculey de Thoiry , ( a soil altogether calcareous ) and the result was a very small portion of silica . These experiments , says Chaptal , leave little if any doubt , but that vegetables derive the earthy matter they contain from the soil in which they grow . [ 13 ] [ 13 ] Sh æ der maintains the doctrine , that the earths found in plants are created there by the process of vegetation . His essay on this subject was crowned by the academy of Berlin , in 1801 . His experiments were the first to determine the different quantities of silica found in different kinds of grain . 2 . Of water , as an agent in vegetation . Seeds placed in the earth , and in a temperature above the freezing point , and watered , will develope ; that is , their lobes [ 14 ] will swell , their roots descend into the earth , and their stems rise into the air . But without humidity , they will not germinate ; or deprived of humidity after germinating , they will perish . When germination is complete , and the plant formed , its roots and leaves are so organized as to absorb water . The experiments of Hales prove , that the weight of plants is increased in wet and diminished in dry weather ; and that in the latter , they draw from the atmosphere ( by means of their leaves )[ 15 ] the moisture necessary to their well being .— Du Hamel ( and after him Sennebier ) has shown , that the filaments that surround the roots of plants , and which has been called their hair , perform for them in the earth , the office that leaves perform in the atmosphere , and that if deprived of these filaments the plants die . [ 14 ] Moisten a bean in warm water , and detach the skin that covers it , and it readily divides into two parts ; these are called lobes . [ 15 ] Bonnet 's experiments show , that it is the under surface of the leaf that performs this function , The upper surface has a different office . It would be easy , but useless , to multiply facts of this kind tending to establish a doctrine not contested , but which after all does not assert , that water makes part of the food of plants . On this point two opinions exist — the one , that this liquid is a solvent and conductor of alimentary juices : the other , that is itself an aliment and purveyor of vegetable food at the same time . The first opinion is abundantly established . Water when charged with oxygen , supplies to germinating seeds the want of atmospheric air , and saturated with animal or vegetable matter in a state of decomposition , or slightly impregnated with carbonic acid , very perceptibly quickens and invigorates vegetation . The second opinion is favoured by some of De Saussure 's experiments . On these , Chaptal makes the following remark , which expresses very distinctly an approbation of the doctrine they suggest :— “ The enormous quantity of hydrogen ( which makes so large a part of vegetable matter ) cannot be accounted for but by admitting ( in the process of vegetation ) the decomposition of water , of which hydrogen is the principal constituent ; and that though there is nothing in the present state of our experience that directly establishes this doctrine , yet that its truth ought to be presumed , from the analysis of plants and the necessary and well-known action of water on vegetation . ( To be continued .) Correction .— In copying the second section , page 55 , an error escaped in relation to the Tuscan plough ; the passage should have read thus — “ The plough of the north of Europe , like that of this country , has the power of a wedge , and acts horizontally — that that of Tuscany has the same direction , but very different form . With the outline of a shovel , it consists of two inclined planes , sloping from the centre , and forms a gutter and two ridges . Review for the Rural Magazine . An Expose of the Causes of Intemperate Drinking , and the means by which it may be obviated . By Thomas Herttell of the city of New York . Published by order of the New York society for the promotion of internal improvement .— New York , 1819 .— pp . 56 . This is an ingenious and interesting pamphlet . It is written with much force and originality ; and we think we shall do the public a service by laying before our readers some of the author 's remarks . There is no vice which steals upon us in so many attractive and deceitful shapes as that of intemperate drinking . In this country it is a national sin and infects every class of society . We meet its temptations in our social intercourse , at our public festivals — in the resorts of business ; we see it indulged in by men of eminent character ; spirituous liquors are kept in every sideboard , and brought forth upon almost every occasion . One class of society imitates the practice of another , and habitual drunkenness has become the stigma and disgrace of our country . The pamphlet before us , remarks ( page 6 ) that “ the existence of this vice is now generally acknowledged , its progress marked , and its effects deplored . It is traced to the grog-shop where many of its most degrading effects are discovered , and mistaken for causes , and the remedy attempted to be applied . ” “ Though I am not disposed to become the advocate of grog-shops , or to avert from them any portion of merited animadversion — or inclined to become the apologist of those who , under colour of keeping a tavern , follow the business of dram-selling ; I am not willing that these places should be considered either as the primary or principal cause of the evil under review . The current opinion that such is the case , is incorrect , as I shall endeavour to shew . And I am induced to do this , from the conviction that the mistake is calculated to stop investigation short of the true source , and thus prevent the remedies from reaching the fountain-head of the evil . It happens in this , as in too many other instances , that the little sinners become the subjects of censure , while those whose crimes differ from them only in magnitude , are overlooked , or treated with complaisance . Is it wrong to sell liquor by the glass , to those who drink it — and is it not wrong to sell it by the hogshead , for the purpose of being so disposed of ? Are both these culpable , and shall those who import and sell it by the cargo , escape obloquy ? And does the distiller differ from all those , in any other respect , than that he makes while they sell the poison for the purpose of its being drank ? It is not my intention to censure the latter any more than the former class of dealers in ardent drink ; and justice forbids that blame should attach itself exclusively to either . They are all particepes criminis , inasmuch as they all contribute facilities to the practice of intemperate drinking , and thus aid the continuance and increase of the evil . But its most prolific sources are not to be found among those classes of our fellow-citizens , considered in the business character . They only conform to the customs and habits of the community in which they live . They find their neighbours in the practice of using ardent drink , and profit by their folly . No one would be so weak as to invest his money in ardent liquor with the expectation of learning people to drink . It is the already acquired habit , which constitutes the basis of his calculations of profit . So far , therefore , from grog-shops being the primary or principal cause of intemperate habits , the reverse of the position approaches nearer the truth . The habit of intemperance is the cause of grog-shops . “ As the vice under consideration did not originate at those places , it is not limited to the class of people who drink there . The customers of coffee houses , hotels , and other taverns , and the sideboards and wine-cellars of private houses , prove the truth of this position . The landlords of those establishments would take it in dudgeon , to be told that their customers were of the lowest grade of society ; and the proprietors of well stored sideboards and wine-cellars , would be highly offended at the imputation of drinking , or learning to drink , at grog-shops . If the practice of tippling was confined to the lower order of society , it could not with any propriety be regarded as a national sin . The character and habits of that class of the community can never alone constitute national character . Admitting , therefore , that intemperate drinking is justly attributed to us as a feature of our national character , it follows irrefutably , that the causes which produce that effect are not confined to the purlieus of bar or tap-rooms . The upper classes of society never follow the examples of the lower : but the latter do , as far as they are able , imitate the customs of the former . Had the habit of intemperance originated in the lower class , it would not , in all probability , have extended beyond it . As its prevalence is so general as to become a reproach to the nation , the inference is conclusive , that it is the progeny of higher parentage than grog-shops . ” “ The radical sources of the evil ” says judge Herttell , “ are in the fashions , customs , and examples , of what are called the upper or wealthy classes of the community . ” After remarking the common practice that intoxicating liquors are universally used as a table drink , he proceeds , “ Such being the practice , the parents of a family must , of necessity , adopt one of the two following measures :— The children must be permitted to partake of the common table beverage , or they must not . In the first case they are reared from their childhood to the habitual use of ardent drink . If the other course is pursued , and the use of the liquor interdicted to the children , while the parents daily drink it in their presence , he is very little acquainted with human nature , who does not know , that the value of the article is thereby arbitrarily enhanced — the disposition to enjoy it increased ,— and , that as soon as the restraints of the parents are removed , and an opportunity presents , the forbidden fruit will be tasted , with as much avidity as if both conscience and justice demanded satisfaction for lost time and pleasures . Under such circumstances , how vain is it to hope that children will not acquire the habit of intemperance — and how weak is it to wonder at their becoming drunkards ! Parents can hardly be said to have arrived to years of discretion , who shall expect that their admonitions against intemperance will be heeded , while their daily example is counteracting their influence . How ridiculous is it for them , while drinking wine and brandy in the presence of their children , to attempt to persuade them , that it is not good for them ! Should it happen , that in a family of half a dozen sons , there should be a sober man , the merit is his , and not his parents ’ ; nor are they to be pitied , except for their folly , should they all be drunkards ; and such is frequently the result . Thus , almost every family becomes a school for intemperance , and a nursery of customers for taverns and grog-shops . “ Again ; inebriating liquors have become the medium universally adopted by society for manifesting friendship and good will , one to another . It need only to be mentioned to be admitted , that it is the common practice , when friends or even strangers visit each other , they have scarcely time after being seated , to make the usual inquiries about health , and the common place remarks on the weather , before they are invited to drink intoxicating liquors . The welcome is deemed kind and sincere , in proportion to the frequency , and earnestness of the importunities to drink — liberal in proportion to the variety of the liquors ; and their richness and profusion add to the other temptations to drink . Not to offer them would be deemed unfriendly , mean , or unmannerly . Not to accept them , would be attributed to ill-nature , or a want of politeness . Hence , the visitor drinks to reciprocate good will for the proffered kindness , or in self-defence against the imputation of ill-breeding . And the visited , takes a glass for the company 's sake , as it is called ; and to evince his satisfaction on seeing his hospitality accepted in the spirit in which it is offered . In this way do the laws of fashion and custom constrain people to drink , who otherwise would have no inclination , or who have acquired that inclination , from the frequent if not daily occasions which occur , for tendering and reciprocating through the customary channel , sentiments of hospitality and good will to their associates , friends , and strangers . Thus is the vice of intemperate drinking ingrafted on the virtue of hospitality ; and so long as that virtue is cherished , and ardent liquors continue to be tendered as evidence of its existence , so long will the use of that article as a drink continue , and the vice of intemperance grow out of it . This unnatural blending of virtue and vice , together with the practice of using inebriating drink as a table beverage , are the radical sources of that intemperance , which is said to be “ the crying and increasing sin of the nation . ” It is at the family table , the first rudiments of intemperance are taught ; the first examples set , and the first essays at tippling attempted . The practice is continued by the frequent display of hospitality and politeness , through the medium of ardent drink . The acquired habit , shows itself on holy-days , at dining and other parties , and on all convivial occasions — is pursued at taverns , and at last , descends to , and terminates its career at grog-shops . Look at the catalogue of family misfortunes , and few will be found to have escaped the direful disease of intemperance ; few which have not had their prosperity and happiness blighted by the extreme of that vice , in some one or more of their members . ” No doubt it is in the opulent that many of the vices of society originate . Their weaknesses and errors are palliated ; their example imitated and their indulgences eagerly craved by the poor . While therefore , the general practice of using ardent spirit continues among them , our author reasons that the popular remedy of curtailing the number of grog-shops , though it would lessen the practice would not destroy the habit of intemperance . Should there remain a solitary place where liquor can be procured , the sin of intemperance will continue to be committed , and its associate vices and immorality entailed on society . “ What ! ” says he , “ it may be asked by the reader , are we required to relinquish the use of wine and ardent spirits , in order to prevent their abuse by others ? Shall we deny ourselves the reasonable enjoyment of them , because others become intemperate ? Are we to be interdicted the moderate use of them , because others drink to excess and get drunk ? As well say the querists , might it be expected that we should extract our tongues , because others back-bite their neighbours ! “ In the first place , permit me to remark , that I have not uttered a word against the moderate or reasonable use of ardent liquors . But before we go farther , it may be proper to analyze the terms , moderation and intemperance , as they relate to the use of inebriating drink . There can be no objection to its reasonable , necessary , and moderate use . But I do contend , that the use of it by any person in a full state of health , is at all times unnecessary . The effect of strong drink , is to excite the animal spirits to a preternatural action .— When taken by a person in full health , it raises the animal spirits above the healthy standard . This is unnecessary — and inasmuch as it creates a deviation from a state of real health , it produces disease , and hence its use is immoderate , intemperate . The indirect debility which succeeds the exhausted stimulant , is another and a worse state of disorder , which goes to confirm the truth , that the first draught of ardent drink taken by those in full health , is unnecessary , unreasonable , and excessive . Nor is this all — this indirect debility prompts a repetition of the draught — and now the practice of drinking has commenced . The animal spirits having sunk as far below as they have been raised above the healthy standard , an increased quantity is required to raise them as high as before . Thus the habit of intemperance progresses . The spirits , now ebbing lower than before , demand increased support , the yielding to which demand , confirms the habit of intemperance . But it unfortunately happens , that the term moderate , when applied to intoxicating drink , by those who use it , is as unmeaning as the word enough in the mouth of a miser , when speaking of his money . Each drinks according to his taste and strength of habit , and calls it moderate . Thus every grade of drinking , from the single glass of the novice , to the full bottle of the initiated , is termed moderate . And every degree of excitement , from moderately merry to moderately drunk , is honoured with the same name . The real truth is , it is a poor apology for a bad practice ; and a moderate degree of reflection would lead those not slaves to the habit , to view it in that light . ” “ I have the authority of distinguished physicians for remarking , that next to intemperate eating , intemperate drinking engenders more bodily diseases , than any other single cause . That more die of disorders occasioned by drinking , before they become drunkards , than live to extend their intemperance to that extreme . That the constant exercise of the labouring class , procrastinates , while the want of exercise tends to facilitate the fatal effects of intemperance in the other class of society — and hence it is , that the moderate drinking , as it is modestly termed , of the latter , destroys at least as many as the drunkenness of the former , and in that ratio is as injurious to the community . The reason these facts are not subjects of general observation , is , that when people who are not reputed drunkards , die of complaints brought on by drinking , their death is imputed to the disorder , while that escapes being attributed to its true cause — whereas , reputed drunkards stand little or no chance of dying by any other means ; for be they drowned by accident or hanged for murder , their end is generally , and perhaps too often , correctly ascribed to intemperate drinking . ” “ It is really wonderful to witness how fertile is the love of ardent liquor , in excuses and pretences for its gratification . It is drank at one time , because the weather is warm — at another , because it is cold . It is drank with enemies “ to reconcile them ” — with friends , “ because they do n't meet every day ” — on all festive , anniversary and other holydays , “ because they only come once a year . ” And if at any or on all those times , the bounds of moderation are exceeded , it is allowed to be excusable , “ because they are all extraordinary occasions ! ” Real or pretended disorders are also often plead as an apology for drinking ardent liquor ; and instances are not rare where , though it may have been regularly prescribed for medical purposes , and may have cured the disorder , it has finally killed the patient . It is doubtless for this reason , that distinguished gentlemen of the faculty have admitted , that the internal use of ardent liquor , even in cases in which it is indicated as a medical remedy , is often productive of far more hurt than good . “ The most common pretence , however , is , that the water is bad , and requires a little spirits to qualify it ; and hence it is infused with a poison of a more deleterious quality than any it naturally possessed . This qualifying of the water , has been the means of disqualifying many a valuable man , for nearly every purpose , except to bring disgrace , ruin , and misery on himself , his family and connexions . ” “ I have taken no pains to ascertain the authority by which retailers of ardent drink are permitted to fix stands and booths at the Park and other places , on days of public parade and festivity . The concentrating of so many grog-shops at times and places of the greatest collection of people , tends rather to produce tumult and confusion , than to preserve good order . These places not only tempt men to indulge to excess , but boys are often seen in them following the example — and it has been remarked , that more of this youthful class are seen disguised with liquor on those days , than in all the year beside . Indeed , it very rarely occurs that a boy is seen thus degraded on any other occasion . Should these travelling taverns be permitted only on condition that ardent spirits should not be carried to them , or sold , or given gratis there , it would remove the greatest objection which can be urged against them . The public would then be accommodated with every necessary refreshment , without jeopardizing their peace by means of intemperate drinking . “ It would essentially benefit the community , should the inducements to frequent taverns be lessened . This may be done in a variety of instances . It is usual in the country towns , to muster the militia at or in the immediate vicinity of taverns . This practice tends neither to improve the morality or discipline of the men — and if they must continue as now to be mustered at those places or not mustered at all , I have no hesitation in saying , that the public would sustain no material injury , should the latter course be adopted ; for it is certainly true , and the reason is obvious , that many of the men , at the close of their exercise on those parade days , are not so well qualified to serve their country , as when they come to the rendezvous . Much of the evil of the present practice would be obviated , should military officers , vested with power to muster any corps of militia , in the country towns , for the ordinary purposes of exercise or inspection , be bound by law to locate the parade ground at least a mile from any tavern or retail grocery . The carrying of ardent liquor to the rendezvous , and the selling it there , or giving it gratis to any person , especially the soldiers , should be interdicted , under proper penalties , and provision made for due execution of the law . Other refreshments than ardent drink , being as usual permitted , all the reasonable conveniences of taverns would be enjoyed , and many of those disgusting instances of riot and disturbance , occasioned by intemperate drinking , and which often convert our militia parades in the country , into scenes of disorder and insubordination , rather than schools for military instruction and discipline , would be done away . “ The legislature should prohibit justices ’ courts being held at taverns . The disgraceful scenes which are too often the consequences of trials at those places , would thereby be prevented , and the cause of morality , and not unfrequently , that of justice , essentially benefited . The same objection lies , though perhaps not with equal force , against sheriff 's courts being held at those places . If the Court House is not at hand , it must be a beggarly office which would not afford the appropriating of a room for the performance of its duties in the dwelling of its incumbent , or pay for the use of a convenient place elsewhere for the purpose . The practice of holding trials at taverns , before referees , appointed by order of the court , is not exempt from serious objections .— These , however , being less frequent , are not so productive of evil , and , perhaps , are more difficult to be obviated . “ The holding of auction sales at taverns , as is frequently the case in the country , is pregnant with mischief sufficient to justify legislative interposition .— Those who have witnessed , can best describe them — I only know them by description . On these occasions , the number who go to buy , is but small , compared to those who attend from other motives . The owner of the property for sale , is seldom backward in circulating the glass freely at his own expense , because he is like to receive more than cent . per cent . profit from the consequent indiscretion of those who become affected with the spirit of bidding . Many are thus led on to buy unnecessarily and dear ; and frequent instances occur , where people bid off more than they have means to pay for — and thence law-suits , trials , at taverns , family distress , the insolvent act , and perhaps poverty and pauperism close the account . These are only the outlines of the picture , which those who have seen the original , are best qualified to fill up with neglect of domestic concerns — horse-racing and jockeying — profane swearing — drunkenness — quarrelling , and sometimes fighting , and a variety of other amusements , not unusual on such occasions . “ The lamentable consequences of holding the polls of our political elections at public houses , are too generally known to require particular description . Suffice it to say , that the noise and tumult — the heated , irritating and useless discussions which frequently occur , and which go to impair the respectability of the electors , and the credit of the elective franchise , are oftner the result of the spirit of liquor than the spirit of patriotism . As far as legislative provisions can obviate the evil , it ought to be done . The expense would be small and the benefit great , should each ward in the cities , and each town in the country , build a house or room for the purpose of elections . The profit which might accrue from its use on other occasions , would , in many instances , more than pay the interest on its cost . It is a little remarkable , that the sagacity which prompted the interdiction of military parades on the days of election , as dangerous to the freedom of the elective franchise , did not foresee and guard against the evils consequent on locating the election polls at public houses . “ It is hoped that the good sense of the community will operate to abolish the custom of giving extravagant entertainments , on any occasion , in honour of distinguished characters . This practice , by leading many to taverns , and tempting them to indulge freely , is productive of more mischief than benefit to society . As an example , it is bad . People , in the lower walks of life , cannot be taught , that it is wrong to get drunk in company with , and out of mere good humour to their friends , while they see too many of the upper circles retire from those feasts , not exactly sober . I humbly conceive it would be manifesting far higher respect for a great man , to compliment him with a written address , approbating his character and conduct , accompanied with a medal , a piece of plate , or other present , embellished with appropriate insignia and inscriptions .— These would be lasting testimonials of character and worth . Being always visible , they would act continually as a stimuli to urge others to emulate the honourable course by which they were acquired ;— whereas , those public entertainments are scarcely noticed beyond the day they are puffed in the newspapers — and if they were , the honoured guest could derive no great satisfaction in the reflection , that his friends had eaten and drank immoderately , in honour of his virtues . There is a strong family likeness between these dinners and those eaten ex-officio by our city corporation . “ The meetings of self-created societies at taverns , cannot , perhaps , at all times , be well avoided . There doubtless are many of those institutions which are useful — but that there are many which do more hurt than good , is equally true . They ought , indeed , to be productive of great benefit , to counterbalance the evil tendency they have , to draw their members to taverns at night . Many a good citizen has , in this way , unwarily contracted irregular habits — and many a deserving wife , and family of innocent babes , have had reason to lament the truth of this remark . It will be a great pity , if those societies cannot be prevailed on , to procure places at which to hold their meetings .— This might easily be effected , unless too strong a predeliction for tavern meetings should counteract so reasonable a proposition . ” “ In the year 1740 , Admiral Vernon commanded the British fleet in the West Indies . His undress coat was made of grogram , a cloth fabricated of silk and worsted . He was very unpopular in the fleet , and the sailors , in allusion to his coat , nick-named him Old Grogram ; and afterwards , by way of shortening it , they called him Old Grog . When ardent liquor was first given to sailors , and until the time above-mentioned , it was drank raw — but being found to produce many fatal bodily diseases , and the naval service thereby much injured , the Admiral directed that the rum should be weakened with water . The men were highly displeased at having their drink thus spoiled , and in derision of the admiral , called it by his abbreviated nick-name , “ Grog . ” This is the reason that rum , mixed with water , bears that name . Let it be observed , because the raw rum was found to produce deleterious effects on the health of the sailors , the Admiral ordered that it should be mixed with water . Now , as it probably could not require many years to make that discovery , it is fair to conclude , that the first use of ardent spirits , as a daily drink on ship-board , could not have been a very great length of time anterior to the year 1740 . ” “ On another occasion , I have mentioned , and will here repeat , that the baleful practice of giving ardent liquor to labourers , ought to be exploded . This custom has so powerfully aided other causes of intemperance , that there is scarcely to be found among the labouring class , any who do not drink , and drink too much . It is unquestionably owing , in a great measure , to this , that the apprentices to many mechanical branches , are initiated into the habit of intemperance , before they acquire a knowledge of their trade ; and it is certainly owing to the same cause , that many do not gain a perfect knowledge of their business . Here , too , we see a powerful objection operating , to prevent many respectable parents from putting their sons to mechanical occupations . Hence , many a promising mechanical genius is smothered in the warehouse , or doomed to add a useless member to the already over-run and over-rated learned professions . This serves to degrade the honourable calling of mechanics , which suffers another depression from the necessity which these circumstance create , of taking apprentices from the lower circles of society , whose want of the requisite education disqualifies them for attaining an adequate knowledge of their trade . In addition to this , the master mechanic , growing wealthy by his business , too often becomes infected with the follies and fashions of upper life — in which sphere some are fitted only to appear ridiculous . Their sons , forsooth , must be above their fathers ’ business . They must be brought up gentlemen — and , of course , reared in idleness and extravagance , or become professionable men or merchants .— Thus , by their conduct , they give countenance to those whose weakness may dispose them to undervalue mechanical occupations . “ The great number of public holy-days ( as they are termed ) which are generally observed , are not without their pernicious influence on the morals of society .— Was the manner of their celebration such as to honour the events they are intended to commemorate , their observance , if not useful , would at least be innocent in their consequences . But were we to judge their objects solely by the manner in which they are kept , and the effects they produce , we might be led to the erroneous conclusion , that they were instituted to subserve the causes of vice and immorality . The general suspension of useful employment on those days , is followed by an increased indulgence in drinking ; and this accounts for there being more crimes committed on those days , than in any other equal period of time . On the authority of a gentleman who was on the Grand Jury which sat in the present year , I state , that far the greatest portion of the business of that Jury , grew out of crimes and disorders committed during the Christmas and New-Year holy-days . When it is observed , that the court for the trial of criminals is held once a month , and crowded with business , it would be superfluous to add arguments to such facts . “ The custom of giving wine and other liquors at funerals , is not at all calculated to increase the solemnity of those occasions . The practice is bad , and ought to be discountenanced by those whose example may influence others to follow it . Instances have happened , where the effects of this ill-timed hospitality , have been very justly lamented . How such an absurd custom was first introduced , is not , perhaps , so evident as the impropriety of its continuance . “ To conclude — ‘ To what purpose , ’ an inconsiderate though well-intentioned friend , has said , and others as thoughtless , may say , ‘ do you attempt to write down the use of ardent drink ? Notwithstanding all you have said , or may say , people will continue to drink as usual . ’ In the first place , I answer , I am not sure of that — and in the next place , I am sure , that if they will continue to use spirituous liquor as a daily table drink , and give and receive it as the token of friendship and good will , thereby associating the vice of drinking with the virtue of hospitality — if they will accustom their children to the use or witness the use of ardent drink , and rear them in idleness and extravagance , with the mistaken idea of thus making them ladies and gentlemen — if they will continue to ‘ have wine in their ( public ) feasts , ’ and license taverns by thousands , and create a thousand temptations to frequent them — if they will persist in the practice of giving strong drink to the working class of society , and thereby contribute to degrade their character , and bring useful industry into contempt — if they will continue to celebrate their anniversaries by a course of unrestrained intemperance — then , I again repeat , I am sure , that notwithstanding all their professions of patriotism , morality , philanthropy and religion , they cannot escape the imputation of loving ardent spirits more than the work of reformation : and moreover , cannot avert , and will merit all the ills which are flowing , and must continue to flow , from the demoralizing influence of intoxicating drink . Intemperance , the reigning sin of the nation , will go on ‘ increasing to increase , ’ till immorality , spreading far and wide , shall debase the people , corrupt their rulers , and destroy the liberties of our country . Then dark illimited despotism , with its genial concomitant , blind superstition , weak-minded bigotry , and black-hearted fanaticism ; while forging the chains , preparing the wheel , and igniting the faggots of unholy and merciless persecution , will rear its head , and impiously exult in the downfall of the only government on earth , the existence of which , is not a reproach to the common sense of mankind . ” “ New York , January , 1819 . ” A view of Botany Bay . In the 63d number of the Edinburgh Review , for July last , we find an interesting account of the settlement called Botany Bay in New South Wales , discovered by the Dutch in 1616 , and taken possession of by the British in 1770 . On the close of the war by which the United States obtained their independence , the government of Great Britain , at a loss for a receptacle for convicts sentenced to banishment , at last selected this remote country , and made the first settlement there in 1778 . This colony , now a very flourishing one , was thus planted with the rogues of England , Ireland and Scotland , sent thither , in exile , as a punishment for their crimes — transportation to that distant and savage land being more dreaded there , perhaps , than our penitentiary is here , from which escapes are made with so much facility — the certainty of punishment deterring from the commission of crime more than its severity . The criminals landed in this southern clime , finding themselves placed in a new situation , where little could be got by theft , and having a better chance than in the mother country of earning a comfortable subsistence , often changed their habits , and became industrious , if not honest men . They are probably destined to be a great nation , having an abundant scope of territory , 2 , 700 miles in length , and 2 , 000 in breadth , ( three-fourths the extent of Europe ,) and will , at a future day , in imitation of America , cast off the shackles of colonial subjection , and assert the prerogative of self-government . The climate of Botany Bay is represented to be equal to any in Europe , but rather Asiatic than European — Favourable on the whole to health and longevity . December , January , and February , are the summer months of that country , and then the heat , which at noon is at 80 deg . is tempered by a strong sea-breeze . The winter months , June , July , and August , have very cold nights , and fire through the day is comfortable . The Reviewer humorously calls this colony “ a land of convicts and kangaroos , ” and sportively observes , that , “ in this remote part of the earth Nature ( having made horses , oxen , ducks , geese , oaks , elms , and all regular and useful productions , for the rest of the world ) seems determined to have a bit of play , and to amuse herself as she pleases . Accordingly , she makes cherries with the stone on the outside ; and a monstrous animal , as tall as a granadier , with the head of a rabbit , a tail as big as a bed-post , hopping at the rate of five hops to a mile , with three or four young kangaroos looking out of its false uterus to see what is passing . Then comes a quadruped as big as a large cat , with the eyes , colour , and skin of a mole , and the bill and web-feet of a duck — ‘ puzzling Dr. Shaw ’ and rendering the latter half of his life miserable , from his utter inability to determine whether it was a bird or a beast . Add to this a parrot , with the legs of a sea-gull ; a skate with the head of a shark , and a bird of such monstrous dimensions that a side bone of it will dine three real carnivorous Englishmen ; together with many other productions that agitate Sir Joseph , and fill him with mingled emotions of distress and delight . ” The colony has made the following progress : In 1778 . 1817 . Horned cattle 5 44 , 753 Horses 7 3 , 072 Sheep 29 170 , 920 Hogs 74 17 , 842 Land cultivated none acres , 47 , 564 Inhabitants 1 , 000 20 , 379 Sydney , the principal town and seat of government , has a population of 7000 souls ; it has a newspaper , a bank , and many public and private buildings , that would not disgrace the best parts of London — So says Mr. Wentworth , a native of Botany Bay , who has lately published a statistical , historical , and political description of the country . The attention paid to the education of the children , by their “ larcenous forefathers , ” is worthy of commendation and of imitation in other parts of the world , where the morals of the parent stock are less depraved . “ The town of Sydney contains 2 good public schools , for the education of 224 children of both sexes . There are establishments also for the diffusion of education in every populous district throughout the colony : the masters of these schools are allowed stipulated salaries from the Orphans ’ fund . Mr. Wentworth states , that one-eighth part of the whole revenue of the colony is appropriated to the purposes of education : this eighth he computes at 2500l . Independent of these institutions , there is an Auxiliary Bible Society , a Sunday School , and several good private schools . This is all as it should he : The education of the poor , important every where , is indispensable at Botany Bay . Nothing but the earliest attention to the habits of children can restrain the erratic finger from the contiguous scrip , to prevent the hereditary tendency of larcenous abstraction . The American arrangements respecting the education of the lower orders , is excellent . Their unsold lands are surveyed , and divided into districts . In the centre of every district , an ample and well selected lot is provided for the support of future schools . We wish this had been imitated in New Holland ; for we are of opinion that the elevated nobleman , Lord Sidmouth , should intimate what is good and wise , even if the Americans are his teachers . Mr. Wentworth talks of 15 , 000 acres set apart for the support of the Female Orphan schools ; which certainly does sound a little extravagant ; but then 50 or 100 acres of this reserve are given as a portion to each female orphan ; so that all this pious tract of ground will be soon married away . This donation of women , in a place where they are scarce , is amiable and foolish enough . There is a school also for the education and civilization of the natives , we hope not to the exclusion of the children of convicts , who have clearly a prior claim upon public charity . ” Great exertions have been made in public roads and bridges . Toll gates have been established on all the principal roads . The general average of unimproved land in the neighbourhood of the town is 5l . sterling per acre . The inhabitants of New South Wales have suffered greatly from the tyranny and caprice of the rulers placed over them by Britain . There is no sufficient check on the Governor of the colony — far from the parent country , there is no Council to restrain his excesses , nor any Colonial Legislature to assert the rights of the people . There is no trial by jury . The Governor imposes what taxes he pleases . [ Geo . Journal . INTELLIGENCE . Died , at Windsor Castle , George William Frederic Guelph on the 29th of January . His Majesty George the Third , was born on the 24th of May , 1738 , which since the alteration of the style , has become the 4th of June . At his death , therefore , he had reached the advanced age of eighty-one years seven months and twenty-six days . He was proclaimed king on the 25th of October , 1760 .— On September 8th , 1761 , he was married to her late majesty , and had issue seven sons and five daughters , of whom six of the former and four of the latter survive him . His royal highness the Prince of Wales was appointed Regent on the 6th of Feb. 1811 , and from that time he has been virtual sovereign , acting in the name and on the behalf of his majesty . His majesty , from the appointment of the Regent , remained in retirement at Windsor Castle , under the guardianship of a council , who met every month , or more frequently as occasions might require , and issued a report of the state of his indisposition . After the death of his late majesty had been formally announced , the following instrument was prepared and signed . “ Whereas , it hath pleased the Almighty God , to call to his mercy our late sovereign lord , king George the 3d . of blessed memory , by whose decease the imperial crown of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , is solely and rightfully come to the high and mighty prince , George prince of Wales : We , therefore , the lords spiritual and temporal of this realm , being here assisted with those of his late majesty 's privy council , with numbers of other principal gentlemen of quality , with the lord mayor , aldermen and citizens of London , do now hereby , with one voice and consent , of tongue and heart , publish and proclaim , that the high and mighty prince , George , prince of Wales , is now , by the death of the late sovereign , of happy memory , become our only lawful and rightful liege , lord George the 4th . by the grace of God , king of Great Britain and Ireland , defender of the faith , & c. to whom we do acknowledge all faith and constant obedience , with all hearty and humble affection ; beseeching God , by whom kings and queens do reign , to bless the royal prince , George the 4th with long and happy years , to reign over us . Given at the court at Carlton-house , this 30th day of January , 1820 . GOD SAVE THE KING . ” Then follows the signature of the Privy councillors , & c. present . The king 's fourth son , Edward Guelph , duke of Kent , & c. died at Sidmouth , after a short but very severe illness on the 23d of January . He was born November 2 , 1767 . The interment of the king of England , took place on the 16th of February ; and on the following day , both houses of parliament convened according to adjournment . A message from the new king was received and read , and an address of condolence and congratulation was adopted in the house of lords . A new parliament is to be summoned ; and great activity every where prevails in preparing for the approaching general election . Ancient Custom .— On the day that the present King was to be proclaimed as George the Fourth , a procession was formed fronting the Palace of Carlton-house , and proceeded for the city , when , on the cavalcade arriving at Temple-bar they found the gates , according to ancient custom , closed . “ The City Marshall was sent forward to the gate , intimation having been given to the lord Mayor that there was a loud knocking at the gate , and a demand of admittance from some persons outside . The Marshall went to the gate , and asked , ‘ Who knocks , ’ and was answered , ‘ The Herald King at Arms . I attend with a warrant to proclaim King George the Fourth . Open your gates . ’ The City Marshall answered , ‘ I shall inform the Lord Mayor that you are waiting at the gate . ’ The Marshall then rode back to the Lord Mayor , and having informed him that the Herald King at Arms was in waiting for admission , to proclaim George the Fourth , King of England , was directed by his Lordship to give the admission required , which was to be limited to the Herald King at Arms . The Marshall upon going to the gates , said to the officers , ‘ Open one side of the gates and admit the Herald King at Arms , and him alone . ’ The Herald then rode in , supported by his guards , and was accompanied by the City Marshall to the Lord Mayor . The Herald King at Arms presented the warrant .— The Lord Mayor immediately said , ‘ admit the whole procession into our city of London . ’ ” Sir Isaac Heard , the Garter-King-at-Arms , is 90 years of age . George the 4th was proclaimed as King , at Liverpool , without parade , on the 31st of Jan. but was proclaimed there again on the 19th of Feb. with much pomp and ceremony .— There was a grand military and civil procession ; and among the latter , all the mechanic professions , each with appropriate standards . The late King is said to have given between 60 and $ 70 , 000 a year in charities . London , Feb. 18 . We have received this morning the Paris papers of Tuesday . They are , of course , painfully interesting , for they communicate a variety of facts connected with the assassination of his Royal Highness the Duke de Berri . Among the most important of these is the undeniable one , that the atrocious crime was committed from political motives . This alarming truth was distinctly admitted , not only by the Members of the two Chambers , who met to address his Majesty , upon the mournful occasion but it is recognized by the King himself , in the concluding sentence of his answer to the Address of the Deputies .— “ The Chamber cannot doubt , ” said his Majesty , “ that , feeling as a man , and acting as a king , I shall adopt every necessary measure to preserve the State from dangers , of which I am but too forcibly forewarned by the crime of this day . ” The assassin himself , indeed , according to the letter of our private correspondent , upon being interrogated , avowed that he had exterminated the Duke , as the youngest of the Royal Family , “ knowing that nature would soon relieve him from the necessity of abridging the days of the King . ” The Duke of Berri was in his 42d year , and was , next to his aged father , Count d'Artois , heir to the throne . “ The assassin is about 30 years of age ; his name is Louvel . It appears he was one of those who went and returned with Bonaparte from Elba , and has since been employed , up to the very time of the fatal deed , in his Majesty 's hunting establishment . A vessel has arrived at Portsmouth from St. Helena , which place she left on the 10th of December . Bonaparte , at that time , was well , and continued his out-door exercise , in the grounds attached to Longwood . “ His new house was nearly ready for his reception , and it is in every respect a most spacious and commodious mansion ; containing , with a ball room , 17 excellent rooms . ” MISCELLANY . From a late report of the Secretary of the Treasury it appears that the banking capital of the United States , including the United States ’ bank , and excluding all banks incorporated since 1817 , amounts to $ 125 , 000 , 000 . A curious circumstance occurred on Monday week at Market Levington , Wilts . A person named Jane Webb attended divine service attired precisely in the same suit of mourning for our late sovereign George III . as was worn by her for king George II . The singularity of its make , attracted much notice . This venerable and frugal spinster has attained her 76th year . An oil spring has been discovered in the county of Morgan , Ohio , which is stated to yield an inexhaustible quantity of this liquid . It sells for fifty cents a gallon . It is used for lamps , for currying leather , for mixing in medicines , & c. Whether it is calculated for mixing in paints had not been ascertained . Worm in a Horse 's eye .— Dr . William Scott , of Madras , has extracted a worm from the aqueous humour of a horse 's eye to which he gave the name of Accaris pellucidus . The legislature of New Jersey has passed a law for incorporating a company for the purpose of embanking and draining the salt marsh on Barbadoes neck in that state . In the British Quarterly Review , mention is made of a British statute now in force , in which the punishment of a certain offence is transportation for 14 years ; and on conviction , one half thereof is to go to the informer , and the other half to the king ! Did ever an Irish parliament make such a blunder as this ? Virginia is much engaged in laying out works of internal improvement ; especially with a project of uniting the waters of James river with those of Kenawha . The Bordeaux ship of discovery , ( says a New York paper ) has arrived at Bordeaux , after an absence of three years and a half . This ship has traversed the Pacific Ocean , and collected at the Sandwich Islands , some interesting accounts of the fate of La Peyrouse and his companions . A London paper states , that the account will soon be published . Shawneetown , Illinois , Feb. 17 . Arrival from New York !— The Steam Boat Manhattan , from New York , arrived here this day , 30 days from New Orleans . She brings consignments for two houses in this place , from the city of New York . Freight three dollars only . Imports at Liverpool from the United States . Flour , bbls . Rice , casks . Tobacco , hds . Cotton , bags . 1817 540 , 000 195 , 000 7 , 361 314 , 330 1818 350 , 000 100 , 000 110 , 000 423 , 500 1819 43 , 000 78 , 000 8 , 790 366 , 000 The Maine and Missouri questions are at length settled . Both districts of country are admitted into the Union , as states ; the former , from its population , requiring no restriction of slavery ; and the latter admitted on the same terms — 4 majority in the house of representatives in favour of the bill as it has passed . The bill , however , excludes slavery from all the territory North of 36-1 / 2 deg . of N. latitude , Missouri excepted . From a respectable correspondent in Pauling , Duchess county , we have the following singular case . Mr. Luther Brownwell of Beekman , in that county having , in the month of April 1815 , a sow with a litter of five pigs , and she dying when they were only two days old , he appropriated the milk of one of his new milch cows for their support . The cow was milked four or five times a day for this purpose , and the pigs were learned to drink the milk . When pasturing time came , they were put in the field where the cow with nine others was kept . At the age of two months , the pigs had the sagacity to single out this cow from the rest , and when hungry would come round her , root at her legs , squeak , and exhibit the usual signs of their wants . The cow at length learned to lay down , and let them suck what they wanted . In this way they grew very rapidly until some time in September , when they were put up to fatten , and were killed the November following . Their average weight was 240lbs . or 1200lbs . of pork , which he sold for $ 8 , 50 a hundred . Aside from the singularity of this case , the inquiry naturally presents itself , could the milk of the cow have been put to a more profitable use ? Is it not probable that her milk made an addition of at least 600lbs . to the quantity of pork ? [ Plough Boy . An apprentices ’ library is about to be established in New York , on the same plan as the one in this city and in Boston . The library in Boston consists of about 1000 volumes , principally of books on the mechanic arts , of history , travels , and other useful knowledge , and on moral and religious subjects . Steam Boats .— Among many interesting articles in the second number of the German Correspondent , published in New York , we find the following : “ The steam boat Blucher was lately launched at Potsdam . Several members of the royal family were present , and Prince Albseeth conferred the name . This is probably the largest steam boat in Europe , the whole length being 200 feet . It draws but 20-1 / 2 inches of water . The boat contains two engines , which perform exceedingly well . The utmost precaution is used against accidents by fire . As this vessel will carry merchandize of great value , and in large quantities , the hold has been divided into nine compartments by water proof partitions , so that , in case it should spring a leak , there is every probability that the vessel would not fill — besides , by means of tubes there is a communication between these chambers and the locations of the engines , which are so arranged as to pump any quantity of water out of the divisions where the leak may exist . This improvement appears to be well calculated for the steam boats on the Mississippi . ” Sagacity of a bear .— A bear which had stolen a sheep , being closely persued by several dogs , promptly resorted to a most ingenious expedient . He tore the sheep in pieces , and threw the dogs one of the hinder legs ; and while they were partaking of this repast , had full time to escape . This fact is formally certified , by a game-keeper in Transylvania , where there are a great many bears . The most remarkable circumstance was , that from that time the dogs would never attack any of these animals , but on the contrary , received them in the most friendly manner , as if they expected a dinner . The owner of the flock was obliged to have the dogs shot , that he might not have those hungry guests always about him . [ German Paper . PHENOMENON . To the Editor of the Literary Gazette . SIR , I lately read an account of the figure , which , under some peculiar state of the atmosphere , appears on the Hartz mountain , in Germany . It reminds me of an extraordinary illusion to which I was once exposed ; if it have interest enough for publication , it is at your service . About seven years since , I was one evening , in the month of October , returning late from a friend 's house in the country , where I had dined , to the neighbouring town , about a mile distant : the night was exceedingly dark , and I had been requested to take with me a lantern ; a pocket one could not be found , and I was provided with that which the servants generally carried swung in the hand . I had to pass through some fields over high ground : soon after I had entered the second of these , I observed something large moving along with me . I placed the lantern on the ground , and walking toward it , saw a gigantic figure retiring with astonishing speed . I immediately perceived it was my own shadow on a fog , which I had not before observed . The appearance of retiring was phantasmagoric , and arose from my interruption of the rays of light from the lantern , at a lesser angle , as my distance from the light increased . My return to the light was terrific ; the figure appeared to advance upon me with frightful rapidity , till it seemed forty feet high . If I had been ignorant of the cause of this appearance , the effects might have much alarmed me , and led to my telling such stories as I should not have gained credit by relating : but aware of the cause , I was delighted with the singularity of my situation ; and might have been thought mad by an observer , for every fantastic attitude and action I could assume I did , to be mimicked by my new and shadowy acquaintance . I am , sir , your obedient servant , W . English vegetables .— In the former part of the reign of king Henry VIII . there did not grow in England a cabbage , carrot , turnip , or other edible root — and even Queen Catherine could not command a sallad for dinner , till the king brought over a gardener from the Netherlands .— The artichoke , apricot , and damask rose , then made their first appearance in England . Coaches .— Coaches were introduced in 1585 ; before which time , Queen Elizabeth rode , on public occasions , behind her Lord Chamberlain . Ladies ’ Charity .— In the letters of Madame D. upon England , which have just been published , we find the following passage , which shows how little a woman used to the coteries of Paris can appreciate the purest of our Christian charities .— “ The most elegant women in London have a certain day , upon which they go to a large room surrounded with counters , at the end of Argyle Street ; they go in person , to sell , for the profit of the poor , the trifles , which they amuse themselves in making during the course of the year . You may imagine that a young gentleman who pays his court to a young lady , is not permitted to hesitate at the price of the work of her fair hands . In fact , I saw several who were really foolishly extravagant , and the bank-notes were showered down on the counters of these ladies . “ I observed in this assembly the prettiest young women I ever saw in my life ; all the men loiter delighted before her counter , and it was she whose stock was the soonest disposed of . The last man who stopped at it took a handful of bank-notes , and exchanged them for a watch-ribbon . I departed , enchanted with this scene . ” Chimnies .— In the age next preceding Queen Elizabeth , there were few chimnies , even in capital towns : the fire was laid to the wall , and the smoke issued at the roof , or door , or window . The houses were wattled , and plastered over with clay ; and all the furniture and utensils were of wood . The people slept on straw pallets , with a log of wood for a pillow . “ The wisdom of Catwg — The seven questions proposed by Catwg the wise to seven wise men in his college at Llanfeithin , with their answers . “ 1 . What constitutes supreme goodness in a man ? Equity . “ 2 What shews transcendent wisdom in a man ? To refrain from injuring another when he has the ability . “ 3 . What is the most headstrong vice in a man ? Incontinence . “ 4. Who is the poorest man ? He who has not resolution to take of his own . “ 5. Who is the richest man ? He who coveteth nothing belonging to another . “ 6 . What is the fairest quality in a man ? Sincerity . “ 7 . What is the greatest folly in a man ? The wish to injure another without having the power to effect it . ” Antediluvian oak .— In digging the capacious drain in Bilsby parish , connected with the new work of sewers near Alford , at the depth of thirty feet some oak trees have been found , which are at this time the subject of examination by the curious . They are as black as ebony , but the heart is firm wood , notwithstanding the trees are believed to have been deposited for several thousand years . The conjecture formed by those best qualified for considering the subject of similar discoveries in other situations is , that they existed before Noah 's flood . Nug æ Antiqu æ.— From a household book of the Earl of Northumberland in the reign of Henry VIII . it appears , that his family , during winter , fed mostly on salt fish and salt meat , and with that view there was an appointment of 160 gallons of mustard . The Earl had two cooks , and more than 200 domestics . Holinshed says , that merchants , when they gave a feast , rejected butchers ’ meat as unworthy of their table : having jellies of all colours , and in all figures , representing flowers , trees , beasts , fish , fowl and fruit . The streets of Paris , not being paved , was covered with mud ; and yet for a woman to travel those streets in a cart was held an article of luxury , and prohibited by Philip the Fair . An old tenure in England binds the vassal to find straw for the King 's bed , and hay for his horse . It was a luxurious change of wood platters for pewter plates , and from wooden spoons to those of tin . Holinshed says , “ when our houses were built of willow , then had we oaken men ? but now that our houses are made of oak , our men are not only become willow but , many , through Persian delicacy , crept in among us , altogether of straw , which is a sore alteration . ” Reproof .— A person was remonstrating with a friend , inclined too much to dandyism , on the absurdity of following such foppish fashions . “ They are really contemptible , ( said he ,) and I am sure all who see you must think you ridiculous . ” “ I do n't value the opinion of the world , ( answered he ,) I laugh at all those who think me ridiculous . ” “ Then you can never give over laughing , ” drily observed his mentor . Anecdote .— When the English Court interfered in favour of the protestant subjects of Louis XIV . and requested his majesty to release some who had been sent to the gallies , the king asked angrily , “ What would the king of Great Britain say were I to demand the prisoners of Newgate from him ? ” Sir , ( replied the ambassador ,) my master would give every one of them up to your majesty , if , as we do , you reclaim them as brothers . If you think this little anecdote worth a place in the Rural Magazine , you may be assured of its authenticity . A . B . “ A guilty conscience needs no accuser . ” A singular instance of the truth of this saying occurred a few days ago , in Market Street . A sharper , under pretence of buying some small article in a store , managed to take from a countryman present , his pocket book , and having secured , as he supposed , his booty , paid his little bill and retired . The honest storekeeper discovering he had given him too little change , immediately went to the door and called him to stop . The fellow supposing himself detected , took , to his heels . The croud in the street observing the circumstances cried stop thief ! stop thief ! He was soon overtaken and brought back , when the pocket book , which had not been missed by the owner , was found on him , and he taken before the proper authority . Communicated for the Rural Magazine . A Newly discovered , cheap and durable Paint . I send you for publication in the Rural Magazine , a receipt for a newly discovered paint , it is cheap and will no doubt be useful to some of your readers . D . To a common 3 gallon pail of whitewash , add 1 pint of cheap molasses and 1 pint of white table salt . The best store lime should be selected and boiling water used in slaking it . It should be frequently stirred as you put it on . Two thin coats will be sufficient to cover the weatherboards of out-buildings . It will not wash or scale off like common whitewash and is beautifully white . For other colours mix ochres of various kinds . Air Jacket .— Mr . Charles Kendal lately made an experiment on the Thames , of the efficacy of his jacket , or Life-preserver , which completely succeeded . He went from the southwark Bridge through London Bridge with great ease and on to the London Docks in 20 minutes , walking upright in the water accompanied by his man all the way . A new and cheap conductor of lightning and fluid .— Mr . Capostolle , Professor of Chemistry in the departments of the Somme , affirms that a rope of straw supplies the place of the expensive metal conductors . The experiments , which he has made in the presence of many learned men and which have been repeated by them , confirms as he says that the lightning enters a rope of straw placed in its way and passes through it into the ground so gently that the hand of a person holding the rope at the time does not perceive it . Mr. Capostolle brings the following proof of this assertion . It is well known says he that a severe shock is received by a person who immediately touches the Leyden vial . But if a person takes a rope of straw , only seven or eight inches long , in his hand , and touches , with the end of this rope a Leyden vial , so strongly charged that an ox might be killed by it , he will neither see a spark , or feel the slightest shock . According to Mr. Capostolle 's opinion , such conductor made of straw , which would not cost alone three francs , would be able to protect an extent of sixty acres of ground from hail ; and if the houses and fields were protected in this manner , neither hail nor lightning could do any damage to them . Economy of Nature .— In the sunshine vegetables decompose the carbonic acid gas of the atmosphere , the carbon of which is absorbed , and becomes a part of their organized matter , but the oxygen gas , the other constituent is given off ; thus the economy of vegetation is made subservient to the general order of the system of nature . Again , Carbonic acid gas is formed in the respiration of animals , and as yet no process is known in nature by which it can be consumed , except vegetation . Animals thus produce a substance which appears to be a necessary food for vegetables ;— vegetables evolve a principle necessary to the existence of animals : the two kingdoms seem to be thus connected together in the exercise of their functions , and , to a certain extent , made to depend upon each other for their existence . Legible Writing .— The Grand Duke of Baden has issued an ordinance , enjoining all public functionaries in his dominions , who sign their names in an illegible manner , through affectation , to write them in future so that they can be read , under the pain of having any document illegibly signed , thrown back on their hands . While Mr. Samuel Chandler was boring for salt near Zanesville , Ohio , he found a metallic substance six feet three inches thick , which being analysed , was found to be silver , nearly as pure as the common coin . This singular account is attested in the National Intelligencer by a member of Congress . Square Mile .— It may be thought wonderful that the whole population of this country could stand on considerably less than a square mile . Allowing six men to a square yard , the mile would accommodate eighteen millions five hundred and eighty five thousand six hundred men ! Latitude of Trees in Sweden .— From the researches made in Sweden on the different kinds of wood indigenous to the country , it has been ascertained that the birch reaches the farthest north , growing beyond the 70th degree ; the pine reaches to the 69th ; the fir tree to the 68th ; the ozier , willow , aspen and quince , to the 66th ; the cherry and apple tree to the 63d ; the oak to the 60th ; and the beech to the 57th ; while the lime tree , ash , elm , poplar and walnut , are only to be found in Scavia . [ Lond . Journ . of Science . Singular Anecdote of the Spider , by Capt . Bagnold .— Desirous of ascertaining the natural food of the scorpion , I enclosed one ( which measured three fourths of an inch from the head to the insertion of the tail ) in a wide mouthed phial , together with one of those large spiders so common in the West Indies , and closed it with a cork , perforated by a quill , for the admission of air : the insects seemed carefully to avoid each other , retiring to opposite ends of the bottle , which was placed horizontally . By giving it a gradual inclination , the scorpion was forced into contact with the spider , when a sharp encounter took place , the latter receiving repeated stings from his venomous adversary , apparently without the least injury , and with his web , soon lashed the scorpion 's tail to his back , subsequently securing his legs and claws with the materials . In this state I left them some time , in order to observe what effect would be produced on the spider by the wounds he had received . On my return , however , I was disappointed , the ants having entered and destroyed them both . [ Ibid . Spontaneous Combustion .— From the Baltimore Morning Chronicle .— At my mills there was an iron kettle used for holding ashes — it had remained with ashes in from the 5th to the 9th month at which time flaxseed oil was by accident spilled into the ashes ; in about 24 hours the ashes were found to be on fire , and wishing to have it fully ascertained , whether it was the oil which occasioned the ashes to take fire , I filled a kettle with cold dry ashes , in which I poured a pint of flaxseed oil , and in 24 hours I examined it , and found that , as far as the oil had penetrated the ashes were in a state of combustion , and , applying some shavings and chips of wood , it immediately caused them to blaze . From an apprehension that many buildings have been consumed by fires from the foregoing cause , I have been induced to give publicity to the fact . JOSEPH ATKINSON . Ellicot Patapsco Mills , } 1 mo . 22d . 1820. } Spontaneous Combustion .— SIR I observe , in your paper of yesterday that your correspondent Davyana has made an unsuccessful experiment , to verify the account given by Mr. Atkinson of a Spontaneous Combustion , produced some time ago , at his mills near Baltimore , by the accidental mixture of linseed oil and wood ashes . An experiment has also been made , with a similar view , at the Mint of the United States . The ashes employed were chiefly from hickery wood , well sifted , and cold ; and the quantity of linseed oil , one pint . No change of temperature was perceived , till about 46 hours after the oil had been poured on the ashes , when the mixture was fairly ignited , and in a short time emitted flame , which continued upwards of an hour . After the flame had ceased , the ignition continued for about 18 hours , and the ashes were then poured out of the vessel . R. P . [ Poulson 's Am . Daily Adv . Gas lights .— The number of gas lights already in use in the metropolis of London amounts to upwards of 51 , 000 . The total length of mains in the streets through which the gas is conveyed from the gas light manufactories into the houses now measure 288 miles . Seed Potatoes .— It has been recently ascertained from the most decisive experiments , that late potatoes , or such as are not ripe , were the best seed , and that planting such restores a degenerated variety to its original qualities . The discoverer of this fact recommends the planting of seed from cold and late situations , and to plant so late as June and July , taking up those unripe , and preserving them as seed for the following year . [ Vermont Intelligencer .. London .— The consumption of sheep and lambs in London , during the last twelve months , amounted in number to one million , sixty-two thousand , seven hundred . The number of horned cattle slaughtered , was one hundred and sixty-four thousand — and by the inspector 's return , it appears , that the number of horse hides produced at Leadenhall market , amounted to twelve thousand nine hundred . BORING legalized .— Last week we mentioned that a silver mine was said to have been discovered near Zanesville , in Ohio . By the last Columbus papers we are informed that the bill incorporating the “ Muskingum Silver Mining Company ” has passed the legislature . It is said that the rock about twenty feet below the surface of the earth , extends under nearly the whole territory of Ohio ; that the silver was found after penetrating the rock about 100 feet ; and that , therefore , there is an even chance that this stratum of silver , near 7 feet in thickness , is as extensive as the state . Verily , should this prove to be the case , what an alteration would it make in our affairs ! Neighbouring states would supply Ohio with corn and whiskey — her keen speculators would become lazy nabobs — Yankee pedlars might venture to drive their trade there , without danger of being bitten — her rag banks , notwithstanding all that has been said to the contrary , would prove to have had at all times , a specie foundation : and Owl Creek and Cincinnati bank notes command a premium over eastern funds . Capt . SYMMES has long expressed great anxiety to get into the earth , and , as it is a long journey to the north pole , ( where there is certainly a hole big enough for Capt . Symmes to get in ) and the Captain says he cannot undertake the journey for the want of “ disposable means , ” — now , therefore , this may be entirely a manoevre of the captain 's , or of his friends , to get a cheap passage into the earth , whereby he may embark near home , and without expense in the outfit . At any rate , we hope the company will persevere in boring — it is a good subject — for should they either find silver or provide a passage for Capt . Symmes , they will silence the hungry complaints of many speculators — both in real estate and in the learned and fashionable ologies of the day . [ Detroit Gazette . STATE OF MISSOURI . Boundaries .— Beginning in the middle of the Mississippi river , on the parallel of 36 ° N . lat .— thence west to the St. Francois river — thence up the middle of the St. Francois , to 36 ° 30 ’ N . lat .— thence west till it intersects a meridian line , passing through the middle of the mouth of the Kansas river , where it empties into the Missouri — thence , from said point of intersection , due north to the intersection of the parallel of latitude which passes through the Rapids of the river Des Moines , ( making this line correspond with the Indian boundary ) — thence east from the point of intersection last mentioned , to the middle of the main fork of the Des Moines — thence down the middle of that river to the Mississippi — thence , down the middle of the Mississippi to the beginning . By the 8th section of the law authorising the people of Missouri to form a state government , slavery is for ever prohibited in all the territories of the United States , west of the Mississippi , north of 36 ° 30 ’ except so much as is included in Missouri . The Convention to form the constitution is to consist of 40 representatives , from the respective counties , as follows : Howard 5 , Cooper 3 , Montgomery 2 , Pike 1 , Lincoln 1 , St. Charles 3 , Franklin 1 , St. Louis 8 , Jefferson 1 , Washington 3 , St. Genevieve 4 , Madison 1 , Cape Girardeau 5 , New Madrid 2 , Wayne and Lawrence 1 . Red Snow .— Mr . Francis Bauer from a number of accurate observations , with microscopes of great power on the Red Snow , in a melted state , from Baffin 's Bay pronounces the colouring matter to be a new species of uredo ( a minute fungus ) to which he proposes to give the name nivalis . Lapland .— The greatest water-fall in Europe has been recently discovered in Lapland . It is on the river Latting ; it is half a mile broad , and falls in a perpendicular descent of four hundred feet . Portugal .— The weather has been so severe at Lisbon , that in one night , thirty-five fishermen and three sentinels were frozen to death . The ice formed three inches thick in one night , a circumstance unprecedented at that place . Russia .— It has been so cold in Russia , the past season , that all the public places of amusement had been closed . The thermometer at St. Petersburg , stood at 35-1 / 2 below Zero . The frost has been severe in France and England . At Paris on the 11th , the thermometer of the engineer Chevalier , stood at 11 below 0 . The Seine was frozen over . Petitions are getting up in Ireland , in favour of a dissolution of the union with Great Britain ! It had been colder in the month of January in England , than was ever known before in that country . In the city of London the thermometer stood twenty-three degrees below the freezing point . At Islington , the silver in the barometer on the 14th , was down into the bowl . Upwards of 2 , 200 , 000 eggs were imported into England from France the last three months . Extraordinary produce of a potato .— A single potato was cut into eyes , and planted in the garden of C. Moore , esq . at Woodbridge , Suffolk ; and the produce was the surprising quantity of a bushel skep without being heaped , and it weighed 64lbs .— The potatoes are remarkably fine and clean . BROWNSVILLE , ( PENN .) MARCH 13 . Accident .— On Thursday last , the chain bridge over Dunlap 's creek , between Brownsville and Bridgeport broke down with a wagon and six horses upon it . The wagon fell on the bank , this side of the stream , the horses in the water . The driver , who was on the saddle horse , was pitched between the two middle horses , where he was held entangled in the gears , until relieved by the citizens . He received no material injury , but two of the horses were killed . The team , we understand , was the property of a person named Hackney , near Winchester , ( Va .) The distance from the floor of this bridge to the surface of the water , must have been at least 30 feet . Leeches .— The Montrose ( English ) Review of January 1st , states that a gentleman examining two bottles containing 3 leeches each , found the water a complete mass of ice , with the leeches frozen . He dissolved the ice gradually before the fire , when he found the whole 6 alive , and very animated . Annual consumption of the necessaries of life in London . Consumption of bullocks , 110 , 000 Sheep and lambs , 976 , 000 Calves , 250 , 000 Hogs , 210 , 000 Sucking pigs , 60 , 000 Gallons of milk — the produce of 8900 cows , 908 , 000 Quarters of wheat , 900 , 000 Chaldrons of coal , 800 , 000 Barrels ( 36 galls .) of ale and porter 1 , 775 , 500 Gallons of spirituous liquors , 11 , 146 , 783 Pipes of wines , 65 , 000 Pounds of butter , 27 , 600 , 000 Cheese , 25 , 000 , 000 Acres of land cultivated in the vicinity of London for vegetables , 10 , 000 Ditto for fruit , 4 , 000 The sum paid annually for vegetables amounts to , l. 645 , 000 Abstract of the exports of cotton and tobacco from New Orleans from the 1st of October , 1818 , until the 31st of the same month , 1819 . Cotton . England 48 , 840 bales . France 29 , 989 Holland 1 , 998 Coastwise 15 , 710 Total 95 , 537 bales . Tobacco . England 10 , 122 hhds . France 4 , 865 Holland and Germany , 7 , 632 Coastwise 13 , 048 Total 85 , 667 hhds . Fall of rain .— An account of the water that fell in rain and snow , in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , from 1812 to 1819 , inclusive , and the number of days , in each year , in which there was falling weather . 1819 . Years . Inches . Days . Months . Inches . Days . 1812 , 33-4 / 8 69 January , 1 / 8 1 1813 , 40-1 / 8 75 Feb'ry , 2-5 / 8 6 1814 , 52-2 / 8 74 March , 2-6 / 8 8 1815 , 37-7 / 8 57 April , 2-1 / 8 5 1816 , 30-7 / 8 70 May , 3-1 / 8 8 1817 , 40-6 / 8 77 June , 1 4 1818 , 36-4 / 8 68 July , 4-3 / 8 9 August , 8-3 / 8 11 Sept. 1-4 / 8 4 October , 1 2 Nov. 1-2 / 8 3 Dec. 2-2 / 8 5 31-4 / 8 66 London Breweries .— The Breweries of London , ( says a late traveller over the British Island ,) “ may justly be ranked amongst its greatest curiosities , and the establishment of Messrs. Barclay &. Co. is one of the most considerable . A steam engine , of the power of 30 horses , does the greatest part of the work ; for although there are nearly two hundred men employed , and a great number of horses , these are mostly for the out-door work ; the interior appears quite solitary . Large rakes with chains moved by an invisible power , stir to the very bottom the immense mass of malt in boilers 12 feet deep ; elevators which nobody touches , carry up to the summit of the building 2500 bushels of malt a day , thence distributed through wooden channels to the different places where the process is carried on .— Casks of truly gigantic sizes are ready to receive the liquors . One of them contains 3000 barrels . Now , at 8 barrels to a ton , this is equal to a ship of 375 tons . By the side of this are other enormous vessels , the smallest of which , containing about 800 barrels , are worth when full 3000 pounds sterling each . All this immense apparatus is so arranged that every part is accessible , and the whole is contained under one roof . The stock of liquor is estimated at 300 , 000 pounds ; the barrels alone in which it is carried about to customers cost 80 , 000 pounds ; and the whole capital is not less than half a million sterling ; 250 , 000 barrels of beer are sold annually , which would load a fleet of 150 merchantmen , of the burden of 200 tons each . The building is incombustible — walls of brick , and floors of iron . Africa .— Several attempts are now making to explore the interior of this country , and a scheme for opening a grand commercial intercourse with Tumbuctoo and Sudan , has been planned , which promises success through the protection of the emperor of Morocco . London Nov . 30 .— We learn by a letter from the celebrated Italian traveller , M. Belzoni , that he has recently performed a journey into the deserts of Lybia , to examine there the environs and ruins of the temple Jupiter Ammon . This journey lasted 50 days , during which time he saw different ruins , several temples and other remarkable objects . After having traversed the desert , he arrived at the place where the temple is supposed to have existed . The country was fertile , and he found some villages , but the inhabitants of the country , where , perhaps , for several centuries a European had not been seen , were very savage , and would not suffer him to pass , because they imagined that he was looking for treasures in their country . The ruins of the temple he discovered had been employed in the construction of another temple , which is already in part destroyed , and in forming the foundation of the cabins of a village . The most remarkable thing , however , discovered by M. Belzoni in those environs is a spring of living water , of which Herodotus makes mention , warm in the morning and evening , cold at noon , and boiling hot at midnight . M. Belzoni has brought away some of this water for the purpose of analysing it . A Hint to Smokers .— The city of New York , is said to contain 130 , 000 inhabitants . Let 50 , 000 of them smoke only three Spanish segars a day , and it will amount in the year to the enormous sum of $ 1 , 095 , 000 ; a sum sufficient to pay the salary of the President and Vice-President of the United States , the Secretaries of State , of the Treasury , of war , and of the Navy , and of the Attorney , General , for 20 years , 10 months , and 8 days . [ N. Y. Gazette . Extraordinary Longevity .— Dr . KNOTT MARTIN , of Marblehead , who died at the age of 88 , left seven children by his first wife , who are now living , at the following ages , viz :— Thomas , aged 88 — Knott , aged 87 — Eleanor , aged 80 — Hannah , aged 77 — Richard , aged 73 — Arnold , aged 71 — and Mary , aged 69 . The aggregate of the seven being 554 , and the average 78 years . Also , by his second wife , Betsey , aged 53 , and Bartholomew , aged 51 . He had three other children , one of whom died in infancy , and the other two at an advanced age . Eight of the nine now living reside at Marblehead , the other at Beverly , and all of them have a numerous posterity . [ Salem Register . An effectual Method of Preserving Poultry houses free from Vermin . Sir — As I do not know that you have positively interdicted all communications from farmer-esses , I must ask you to record a grand discovery , which I consider myself to have made , in the noble art of — raising poultry . It may save much trouble to my sister housewives , to whom , according to the order prescribed by the lords of the creation , this department of domestic economy has been assigned . It is well known , that in this branch of our humble duties , the greatest difficulty arises from our poultry houses being so much infested with vermin ; or , to be more plain , in the slang of the poultry yard , with chicken lice . Now , I have proved , by long experience , that they will not resort to houses wherein the roots , nest boxes , & c. & c. are made of sassafras wood . You may smile , and ask me , the reason of it : I am no philosopher , but I tell you , sassafras wood will keep lice out of hen houses : I know it to be a fact , and when you will tell me why it is that chips of cedar wood or tobacco will keep woollen free from moth , then I will endeavour to tell you why it is , that sassafras wood will keep away chicken lice — one is universally known to be true , the other no less true , though less known . A SPINSTER . [ Am . Farmer . The London Globe , of Jan. 29 , says — “ We understand that the lords of the treasury have given directions to allow mechanics , artificers , & c. to emigrate from Great Britain to any country and in any ship . At Brighton , the wildest of the feathered tribe have been so punished with the frost , that they have left the woods , for warmer shelter in the habitations of men . Black birds , starlings , larks and thrushes have been pursued by boys , at mid-day , and easily taken by the hand . MARRIED . On the 6th of March , RUBENS PEALE , of Philadelphia , to ELIZA PATTERSON , of Chesnut-Hill . At Washington City , SAMUEL LAWRENCE GOUVERNEUR , Esq . of New York , to MARIA HESTER MUNROE , youngest daughter of JAMES MUNROE , President of the United States . On the 2d ult . at the Friends ’ Meeting House , Alexandria , D. C. J. ELLICOTT CAREY , of Baltimore , to ANN H. IRWIN , daughter of Thomas Irwin , Esq . THOMAS H. B. JACOBS , to JANE BOWEN , both of Chester County , Pennsylvania . DAVID STUCKERT , of Germantown , to MARGARET TAYLOR , of this city . In December last , at New-Castle , ( England ) Mr. SILVERTOP to Mrs. PEARSON . This lady has been married three times . Her first husband was a Quaker , the second a Roman Catholic , and the third is of the established church . Every husband was twice her own age ; at 16 she married a man of 32 , at 30 she took one of 60 , and now at 42 , she is united to a man of 84 . In England , on the 16th of Jan. last , WILLIAM WILBERFORCE , Esq . eldest son of the honourable and philanthropic William Wilberforce , M. P . to Miss MARY OWEN , second daughter of John Owen , A. M. Rector of Pagelsham . DIED . On Monday afternoon , the 13th of March , after a lingering and painful illness , Mrs. MARGARET WEBB , being in her ninetieth year . On Monday night , between 6 and 7 o'clock , after a confinement of two months , WILLIAM WAYNE , sen. in the ninetieth year of his age . In England , 22d Nov. aged 95 , JOHN SPOONER , who had been for more than thirty years successively the stranger 's attendant at Brimham Rocks , in the county of York . At Perth , Scotland , 1st Feb. widow M'LEAN , aged 102 years . Although infirm , she had the complete enjoyment of sight , and never required the use of spectacles . At Inverfolla , Scotland , 5th of November , DONALD M'INTYRE , aged 101 . He was the last of the followers of Prince Charles , in that district to whose interests he was ardently devoted , so much so , that amidst the infirmities of old age he seemed “ strong with the vigour of youth ” at the mention of his favourite 's name , and the remembrance of his misfortunes . In Curracoa , A. D. M. SENIOR , aged 85 , the oldest member of the Hebrew community , and one of the oldest inhabitants of the island . At New Orleans , 4th of Feb. Don FELIPE FATIO , Consul of Spain , formerly secretary of the Spanish legation at Washington . Near New Orleans , Mr. ETIENNE BORRIE , the first person that succeeded in cultivating the sugar cane on the Mississippi . In the city of Trenton , ( N . J .) on the 8th of March , SAMUEL LEAKE , Esq . in the 73d year of his age , formerly one of the most distinguished advocates at the New Jersey Bar . In Vincent township , Chester County , on the 3d of March Mr. JAMES EVANS , in the 94th year of his age . At Boston , on Tuesday , the 22d of Feb. the Rev . JAMES M. WINCHELL , Pastor of the first Baptist Church of that city . In January , at Grant 's Braes , near Haddington , the venerable mother of the Scottish Bard , ROBERT BURNS , in her 88th year . In Hesse , Hamburg , FREDERICK LOUIS WILLIAM CHRISTIAN , Landgrave of Hesse Hamburg , aged 72 , leaving a very numerous offspring , one of whom is married to Princess Elizabeth , of England . In Hesse , WILHELMINA CAROLINE , wife of the Elector of Hesse Cassel , aged 73 . She was a daughter of Frederick V. king of Denmark . In Germany , Count Stolberg , a celebrated German Poet . FOR THE RURAL MAGAZINE . Whether the result of education and early associations , or derived immediately from Nature herself , there is excited in every bosom possessed of sensibility , a sensation of awe and veneration , when approaching the mansions of the dead . Here the storm of passion subsides into peace ; and even savage ferocity , when contemplating the house appointed for all living , is moulded into mildness and mercy . Who does not delight to behold the verdant hillock , which designates the spot , where the remains of a dear friend or relative are deposited , decorated with vernal beauty , and alike protected from the withering inroads of neglect , and the rude approach of violence ? There is a chord in every feeling heart , which vibrates in unison with the magic touch of memory when delineating in vivid colours , some departed object of our love and affection . The GRAVE-YARD furnishes a scene , in which memory is necessarily a prominent actor . THE GRAVES OF MY FATHERS . Evergreen be the spot where in silence reposing , The bones of my fathers so tranquilly sleep , Let no hostile foot-step with rudeness imposing , Disturb the fond vigils affection shall keep . Leave to monarchs their pageants of pomp and of glory , To heroes their laurels all dripping with tears , Give to Jackson his fame in the pages of story , Where the wrong of the Indian abhorrent appears ; Let the relics of princes whose names are enshrouded , In the gloom and the darkness of Egypt 's long night , Be distinguish 'd by tombs on whose summits beclouded , The eagle seeks rest in her towering flight : But spare , oh but spare me , that hallow 'd enclosure , Which spring will soon visit with aspect serene , Where the earliest sunbeam to April 's exposure , Shall bespangle with flow'rets her favourite scene . While the songsters of nature with voices in chorus , Attuned to those feelings which nature inspires , And that moss-cover 'd temple arising before us , Will quell all those rebels — our vicious desires : Where the pure gospel fount so transparent in beauty , Oft in silence refreshes with gladness the soul , Which in humble devotion to heaven and duty , Seeks through faith and repentance a glorious goal . Evergreen be the spot where in silence reposing , The bones of my fathers so tranquilly sleep , Every tye of affection their virtues disclosing , While the dew drops of eve shall in sympathy weep . E . AULD AGE Is that Auld Age that 's tirling at the pin ? I trow it is , then haste to let him in : Ye 're kindly welcome , friend ; na dinna fear To shaw yoursel ’ , ye 'll cause na trouble here . I ken there are wha tremble at your name , As tho ’ ye brought wi ’ ye reproach or shame ; And wha , “ a thousond lies wad bear the sin , ” Rather than own ye for their kith or kin ; But far frae shirking ye as a disgrace , Thankfu ’ I am t ’ have lived to see thy face ; Nor s'all I ere disown ye , nor tak pride , To think how long I might your visit bide , Doing my best to mak ye well respecked , I 'll no fear for your sake to be neglecked ; But now ye 're come , and through a ’ kind of weather We 're doomed frae this time forth to jog the-gither , I 'd fain mak compact wi ’ ye firm and strang , On terms of fair giff gaff to haud out lang ; Gin thou'lt be civil , I s'all lib'ral be , Witness the lang lang list o ’ what I 'll gie ; First , then , I here mak owre for gude and ay , A ’ youthfu ’ fancies , whether bright or gay , Beauties and graces , too , I wad resign them , But sair I fear ‘ twad cost ye fash to find them ; For ‘ gainst your dady , Time , they cou 'd na stand , Nor bear the grip o ’ his unsonsy hand ; But there 's my skin , whilk ye may further crunkle , And write your name at length in ilka wrunkle . On my brown locks ye 're leave to lay your paw And bleach them to your fancy white as snaw . But look na , age , sae wistfu ’ at my mouth , As gin ye lang 'd to pu ’ out ilka tooth ! Let them , I do beseech , still keep their places , Though , gin ye wish't ye 're free to paint their faces . My limbs I yield ye ; and if ye see meet , To clap your icy shackles on my feet , Ise no refuse ; but if ye drive out gout , Will bless you for't , and offer thanks devout . Sae muckle was I gi ’ wi ’ right good will , But och ! I fear that maer ye look for still , I ken by that fell glow'r and meaning shrug , Ye't slap your skinny fingers on each lug ; And unca fain ye are I trow , and keen , To cast your misty powders in my een ; But O in mercy , spare my poor wee twinkers , And I for ay s'all wear your chrystal blinkers ! Then ‘ bout my lugs I 'd fain a bargain mak , And gi ’ my hand , that I shall ne'er draw back . Well then , wad ye consent their use to share , Twad serve us baith , and be a bargain rare — Thus I wad ha't when babbling fools intrude , Gabbling their noisy nonsense , lang and loud ; Or when ill-nature well brush 'd up by wit , Wi ’ sneer sarcastic takes its aim to hit ; Or when detraction , meanest slave o ’ pride , Spies out wee fau'ts and seeks great worth to hide ; Then mak me deaf as deaf as deaf can be ; At a ’ sic times my lugs I lend to thee . But when in social hour ye see combin 'd Genius and Wisdom — fruits of heart and mind , Good sense , good humour , wit in playfu ’ mood , And candour e'en frae ill extracting good ; Oh , then , auld friend , I maun ha ’ back myhearing , To want it then wad be an ill past bearing . Better to lonely sit i ’ the douf spence Than catch the sough o ’ words without the sense .— Ye winna promise ? Och ye 're unco dour , Sae ill to manage , and sae cauld and sour . Nae matter , hale and sound I 'll keep my heart , Nor frae a crum o't s'all I ever part : It 's kindly warmth will ne'er be chilled by a ’ The cauldest breath your frozen lips can blaw . Ye need na ’ fash your thumb , auld carle , nor fret , For there affection shall preserve its seat ; And though to tak my hearing ye rejoice , Yet spite o ’ you I 'll still hear Friendship 's voice . Thus , though , ye tak the rest , it shan'na grieve me , For ae blythe spunk o ’ spirits ye maun leave me ; And let me tell you in your lug Auld Age , I 'm bound to travel wi ’ ye but ae stage : Be't long or short , ye canna keep me back ; And , when we reach the end o't , ye maun pack . For there we part for ever ; late or air . Another guess companion meets me there : To whom ye — nill ye will ye , maun me bring ; Nor think that I 'll be wae or laith to spring Fra your poor dosen 'd side , ye carle uncouth , To the blest arms of everlasting youth . By him , whate'er ye ye 've rifl 'd sto'wn , or ta'en , Will a ’ be gi'en wi ’ interest back again : Froze by a ’ gifts and graces , thousands moe Than heart can think of , freely he 'll bestoe . Ye need na wonder , then , nor swell wi ’ pride , Because I kindly welcome ye , as guide , To one sae far your better . Now as tauld , Let us set out upo ’ our journey cauld ; Wi ’ nae vain boasts , nor vain regrets tormented , We 'll e'en jog on the gate , quiet and contented . [ Taken from “ Memoirs of Eliza Hamilton , ” by Miss Benger . “ DREADFUL HARD TIMES . ” Yesterday I walked down , to that part of the town , Where people collect at the sign of the Tun , To discuss and debate the great matters of state , And show how things that go wrong should be done : There was ragged Sam Bent , who is not worth a cent , There was idle Dick Lawless , and noisy Jack Grimes , And swaggering Jim Bell , who has nothing to sell , All cursing the Banks , and these dreadful hard times . There was old daddy Slop , who has lost his last crop , By neglecting to mend up some gaps in his fence ; There was shabby Ned Thorn , who had planted his corn , But had never put hoe , no , nor plough to it since ; There was dashing Bill Sutton , with his fine dandy coat on , Who was ne'er out of debt , nor was worth twenty dimes : They too join 'd the throng , and still kept up the song , A curse on the Banks , and these dreadful hard times . Next came in Dick Short , who was summon 'd to court , For some hundreds of half pints of whiskey and rum ; He had brought the last sack of his grain on his back ; Tho ’ his children were crying with hunger at home ; Here , landlord , said Short , come , bring me a quart ; I must treat these , my friends , Sir , and merry Jack Grimes ; I 've the corn , sir , to pay , there 's no booking to-day ; Then he fell to cursing the Banks , and hard times . Next came in Tom Sargent who had lately turn 'd merchant , And bought a full store , I can scarcely tell how ! But this much I know , about twelve months ago , That the Constable sold at the post , his last cow ; Yet Tom dash 'd away , spending hundreds each day , Till his merchants brought suits for their dry goods and wines ; So Tom join 'd the throng , and assisted the song , With a curse on these Banks , and these dreadful hard times . Next appear 'd Madam Pride , ( and a beau at her side ) With her silks , spread with laces , quite down to her trail ; Her husband that day , unable to pay For the dress she then wore , had been lock 'd up in jail ; She turn 'd to the throng , as she tripped it along , And she “ hop 'd that the merchants would swing for such crimes “ As to make people pay their old debts , in this way ; ” And she curs 'd all the Banks , and these dreadful hard times . Now said I , Mr. Short , you are summon 'd to court , And must soon go to jail for these long whiskey scores ; And you , Mr Drew , aye , and you sir , and you , Who are hanging round taverns , and running to stores ; And you madam Pride , must your silks lay aside , And you , Mr . Idle and you , Mr. Grimes , Must all to your labours , like some of your neighbours , And you 'll soon put an end to these dreadful hard times . [ Gallia Gazette . WINTER . Though now no more the musing ear Delights to listen to the breeze That lingers o'er the greenwood shade , I love thee , Winter ! well . Sweet are the harmonies of Spring , Sweet is the Summer 's evening gale , Pleasant the Autumnal winds that shake The many coloured grove ; And pleasant to the sobered soul The silence of a wintry scene , When Nature shrouds her in her trance , In deep tranquillity . Not undelightful now to roam The wild-heath sparkling on the sight ; Not undelightful now to pace The forest 's ample rounds ; And see the spangled branches shine , And snatch the moss of many a hue That varies the old tree 's brown bark , Or o'er the grey stone spreads . The clustered berries claim the eye , O'er the bright holly 's gay green leaves ; The ivy round the leafless oak Clasps its full foliage close . ROBERT SOUTHEY . TO ——. When the bloom on thy cheek shall have faded away , When thine eye shall be closed in the grave , Thou shalt dwell in my heart like the last gleam of day . That purples with twilight the wave . And if souls are allowed in a happier sphere To watch o'er the spirits they love , Be the guardian — the friend that thou wert to me here , Be my guide — my protector above . I know thou must die , and the cold earth will hide The form I shall ever adore ; But in death , as in life , it will still be my pride Such virtue as thine to deplore . And , oh ! when I gaze in the stillness of night On those orbs that bespangle the sky , I will think there thou dwellest an angel of light , And hearest thy sorrower 's sigh . It will sooth me to feel , though a wilderness grows , This lone world all unpeopled for me ; That , though drooping and withering , there still is one rose In this wilderness blossoms for thee . Though it will not be thine its last blushes to greet , To weep o'er its bloom to decay ; If worthy such bliss , in a world we shall meet Where thou'lt chase every dew-drop away . The following versification was from the pen of a very young , and interesting woman , in reply to the solicitations of her family not to accompany her unfortunate husband into exile . The lovely author of these lines , whose beauty can only be exceeded by her retiring modesty , is wholly unconscious of their publication , and we well know will blush at celebrity which the accomplishments of her mind , the graces of her person , and the misfortunes of her destiny , have rendered inevitable . Versification from the book of “ Ruth . ” INSCRIBED TO —— Where'er thou goest , I will go , O'er Egypt 's sands , or Zembla 's snow ! Where'er thy weary eyelids close . There will thy Charlotte seek repose ; Though on the naked earth we lie , While tempests rule the darkning sky , Still , still undaunted will I be , And find the holiest calm with thee . That people whom thou call'st thy own , Shall only to my heart be known , And our great Father , God , above , With equal warmth we both will love . Where'er thy last expiring breath , Is yielded to relentless Death , On that same spot will Charlotte die , And in the tomb , thy Charlotte lie . The Lord do this , and more to me , If more than this , part thee from me , As living , but one heart we own . So dying we will still be ONE . [ Port Folio . The Peasant and his Wife . HE . The long , long day , again has pass 'd In sorrow and distress : I strive my best — but strive in vain , I labour hard — but still remain Poor , and in wretchedness . SHE . Nay , we have health — you love your wife — And she returns its flame ; Want still is absent from our cot , God gives us breath to sooth our lot , What more can you desire ? HE . I wish 'd to earn a little sum , My dearest wife for thee ; I wish 'd , by toiling day and night , To gain some wealth that might requite Thy fond fidelity . SHE . No wealth repays fidelity , Nor gold nor monarch 's crown ; My heart which doth to thee incline , Finds all its love repaid by thine , And smiles at Fortune 's frown . HE . But ah ! to see thee live in want , It fills my soul with care . That thou so noble just and good , Must slave and toil for daily food , That drives me to despair . SHE . I gaily work [ God knows my heart ] Contented at your side : More joys than wealth can give I prove , To share thy sorrows and thy love ; Thy faithful heart 's my pride . HE . But who , when I am snatch 'd from thee Will hush thy trembling sighs ? And when our babe shall weeping say , “ Oh mother ! give me bread I pray ! ” Who then will heed its cries ; SHE . God ! whom the worm and sparrow shields , Man in his need can aid ; He 'll be my comfort when thou'rt fled — The orphan 's sire will give him bread — O ! be his will obey 'd . HE . Wife of my heart , how great thou art ! Thy love is all my weal ; I feel so proud of one like thee — Thy love and thy fidelity Inspire me with fresh zeal . AGRICULTURE . Thou first of arts , source of domestic ease , Pride of the land , and patron of the seas , Thrift Agriculture ! lend thy potent aid ; Spread thy green fields where dreary forest 's shade ; Where savage men pursue their savage prey , Let the white flocks in verdant pastures play ; From the bloom 'd orchard and the showery vale Give the rich fragrance to the gentle gale : Reward with ample boon the labourer 's hand , And poor thy gladdening bounties o'er our land . Columbia 's sons , spurn not the rugged toil ; Your nation 's glory is a cultur 'd soil . Rome 's Cincinnatus , of illustrious birth , Increas 'd his laurels while he tilled the earth : E'en China 's monarch lays his sceptre down , Nor deems the task unworthy of the crown . TO CORRESPONDENTS . “ AMICUS ” wishes to know why his communications have not appeared in the Rural Magazine . This kind of request is sometimes very difficult for an editor to comply with . In the present instance , we feel much obliged to our correspondent for his intention of serving us , and did we know him personally , would give him our reasons for omitting his pieces . We have anticipated the request of “ AGRICOLA ” of Susquehannah county , by inserting in our last number the address of Judge Tilghman . “ AGRICOLA 's ” remarks upon , and large quotations from it , could not with so much propriety be now admitted . PHILADELPHIA , PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY RICHARDS & CALEB JOHNSON , No . 31 , Market Street , At $ 3. 00 per annum . Griggs & Dickinson — Printers , Whitehall .