VOLUME 5, NO. 6 FEBRUARY, 1913 DOLLAR A YEAR An Illustrated Magazine by Indians Published Monthly by THE CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIA& magazine tssueb in ttje interest of tfje Jlattoe American bp CarlisleM. FRIEDMAN. Editor. Volume 5	February, 1913	Number 6 Contents!: Cover Design—The Ojibwa Sugar Makers— By William Deitz (Lone Star), Sioux The Real Indian of the Past, and the Real Indian of the Present— By George P. Donehoo, D.D.	- - ~ The Story of Two Real Indian Artists— Illustrated—By E. L. Martin - The Tale of a Dog— By Estelle Armstrong - - - ~ Hopi Students to Preach Culture to Sun Worshipers—From the New York American Editorial Comment— Keeping Liquor Away from Indians	- A Great Newspaper Campaign for Indian Uplift - - - - - WlNNEBAGOES BY ENCOURAGEMENT SUCCEED as Farmers - - - - - Comment of Our Contemporaries	- - Legends, Stories, and Customs— The Indian’s Gift—By Anna Hauser, Cheyenne - Graduates and Returned Students - - 233 242 249 249 250 251 259 263 264 PUBLISHED BY U. S. INDIAN SCHOOL. CARLISLE. PA. Entered a« second-cUu matter. Ten number* each year. One dollar per year. Printed by Indians of under the instruction of Arthur G. Brown. Art work and Indian desiEns under the direction of Anfiel William Lone Star.THE RED MAM The Real Indian of the Past, and the Real Indian of the Present: By George P. Donehoo, D. D. V BOUT a century and a half ago, when our noble Scotch- Jsjgk Irish ancestors were engaged in building log cabins, hunting deer, bears, and “red varmints,” little relia- ble knowledge was extant concerning the last-men- *^^P^®"^tioned wild animals now known as Indians. An In- ’an Was an Indian, and because he was an Indian he deserved to be eated, debauched, killed, scalped, and otherwise treated according ^ the plan of the Infinite Father, as interpreted by the enlightened Kristian sentiment of the last century. Ignorance, intolerance, and prejudice are hereditary, as are ler mental and physical deformities. Because our grandfathers 0ught that the “only good Indian was a dead Indian,” we think so, to°,which decision is reached by the same logical deduction, namely, e don’t know what we are talking about. Because the Indian of °Ur grandfather’s day defended his life, liberty, his family and his hat,ve land, instead of cheerfully giving up all of these possessions *° the hordeof Irish, English, German, andotherenlightened peoples the earth, which swept like a devastating scourge over the fountains into the place of refuge into which the red man had been driven from the seaboard, he was a bad one. We Americans are Patriotic” because we will defend our so-called rights to the very ast ditch. An Indian was a savage—a heathen who deserved to 116 blotted from the face of the earth because he did the same thing. “ Patriotism” should have a new definition in American dictionaries. It all depends upon the point of view. These same noble Scotch-Irish ancestors of ours met the Indian under very unfavorable conditions for forming a cool, unpreju- diced judgment as to his real character. In the first place, they looked upon the Indian as a “heathen” whom the God of Israelr    228 few* I1’- TheKedMan p|.	Jar JL.	-	.|l III l>il Ik ,tUlfUnj![lrit,il‘lill|..|l;i;l,i.|lll^lli,.>lll||<.tlllllh.^lllSu.-«,j||jll<.ljlitlji„llllJtii...Ullli*ll had commissioned them to drive out of the land, so that they might possess it. Now, the trouble with this method of biblical interpre- tation was that the Indian held to about the same interpretation that the Irish and Scotcb-Irish did; hence the trouble. When two races, or two divisions of the same race, are at war with each other, matters are not improved when both of these warring peoples claim to be interpreters of the Divine Will. In the second place, even if the Indian felt that the Scotch-Irishman had been ordained from all eternity to blot him out, it is hardly probable that he would have welcomed his destroyer with open arms, saying, “The Great Father has ordained it. Take my land, which I love because my fathers are buried in it. It is yours because you are superior in the art® and sciences. Take it, and I will vanish into the mists of the past. ^ Now, according to nearly all of the writers about the “border wars, the “massacre of Wyoming,” and other events in the pioneer day9> that is what the Indian should have said and done, as a good Indiar>» in order to have had a place in “American” history, which lS history written according to the American point of view. But he did not say that, and he did not do that He also had been taught “patriotism" (alas), and he fought like a hero for his life and his native land. If you wished to get a perfectly sane, unprejudiced opinion as to what sort of a being a “rebel" was, you would hardly have gone for information to one of the members of the Union Army during the wild days of the Civil War. So our grandfathers and such writ' ers as the authors of “Border Wars,” “Border Life,” and other siixii' lar works of fiction, hardly give a calm opinion as to the real charac- ter of the American Indian. And yet our opinions of, and our judgments concerning the Indian of history are based upon just this sort of testimony. So, also, are our opinions of the Indian of the present day founded upon such reliable authority of the past and of the present. Our ignorance of the real Indian is just about as dense as was that of our grandfathers. When we reach any sort of con- clusions concerning the advancement of the Scotch-lrish, the Ger- man, the French, we take the best examples produced by these peoples. When we judge the Indian, we take the worst. Not long ago, so it is related, there appeared before the mayor of a certain city a number of Indian chiefs. The mayor, in order to adapt himself to the supposed mentality of these red men, saia>m'-ATryiiW 1 T'rr-n T^'PiM a tvr (■’ February i|t ’II- -II* Mil’ ’II' IT	’’lr ■’I1 ■ TheBedMam , tJillk alllJiU^l|]lllMltifllMll(Ill,.idiili,.jH!lL.il!iIk^]lklu^llI(ll..4ll()iliuril![ii.../dii!.|l ‘You like big city? Have heap good time? See heap nice things?” To which the young chief addressed replied, “No doubt we shall have a pleasant stay in your great city, Mr. Mayor. Is it true, may I ask, that certain politicians connected with your Government have been accused of obtaining money in ways that are not compatible with their oath of office?” The guide of the party nudged the young chief, who made no more comments. No doubt the mayor was ‘heap" surprised; as to that, however, “deponent sayeth not.” The attitude of the Anglo-Saxon race to all other races will be one of the interesting studies of the ethnologists of the ages to come. It has assumed that certain characteristics constitute racial superi- 0r'ty, and has failed to see that some of the characteristics, which are far superior to those possessed by it, are possessed by races which it has classed as barbarian and savage. Our ancestors saw the Indian in his worst possible environment, and then in order to Wake the Indian what our ancestors thought he was we put him in the worst possible kind of an environment, and kept him there by the use of Hotchkiss guns. For political reasons the negro was treated differently. Around his brow we placed a sort of saintly halo of martyrdom, which was seen through the sentimental gush of Uncle Tom’s Cabin, with the tableau of the “Beautiful Gates Ajar” as a background. We painted the Indian as a fiend, holding aloft a '■hipping scalp, and put as a background a burning log cabin. We drove the negro to the polls to exercise his sovereign right as an ^rnerican citizen, and we drove the Indian before the deadly hail the machine gun “back to the reservation,” which we had kindly allowed him as a place to die. Suppose that we had put the thousands of negro slaves on res- ervations at the close of the Civil War, and had kept them there by the help of sword and gun. What to-day would be the condition of the negro race in America? The Indian race is the only race which has ever been “herded” like cattle, and yet, notwithstanding all this, lt:'s taking its place beside the white race, not as a suppliant asking ^0r quarter, but as a real rival in every line of human effort. It is only thirty-five years since the forces of Merritt, Crook, Terry, and Forsythe were encamped against the savage tribes be- tween the Platte and the Little Big Horn. The children of those Savage warriors are numbered among the best teachers, preachers, Writers, carpenters, and farmers in the United States. There arein this country to-day about 266,000 Indians. That is about one* half the present population of Pittsburgh. The present status of the Indian in the United States will compare favorably with that of the same number of any race. A few facts concerning the pres- ent condition of the American Indian may be illuminating. Engaged in farming, there are 23,410 Indians, having under cul- tivation 613,346 acres of land; 54,950 are engaged in stock raising* having stock upon their ranches valued at $14,602,534; 657 Indian8 are employed by the United States Indian Service, with salaries amounting to $1,271,442.74 (for 1911). The value of tribal property now held by the Indians amounts to $291,022,088.20. The individ- ual property owned amounts to $387,544,169.98, making a total of $678,566,258.09, The 23,000 Choctaws in Oklahoma are worth $5,000 per capita, which is the largest per capita wealth of any group of people in the world. The per capita wealth of the Indians in the United States is $3,500. No other race in the United States, if in the world, can make such a showing. Five hundred thousand dollars worth of blankets are sold each year by the Navajo of Arizona and New Mexico. Last year the Winnebago raised 100,000 bushels of wheat, 75,000 bushels of oats, 40,000 bushels of corn, 4,000 bushels of flax, and built 125 farm houses. There are in the United States 458 churches attended by and under the control of the Indians. Besides the Indians engaged in the occupations noted, there are hundreds of ministers, doctors, lawyers, teachers, printers, machin- ists, carpenters, blacksmiths, nurses, dressmakers, etc. Of the Indians who have attained positions of national or inter- national reputation, these may be mentioned: Robert Owen, Chero- kee, who is United States Senator from Oklahoma; Charles Curtis, Kaw, United States Senator from Kansas; Charles D. Carter, Mem- ber of Congress from Oklahoma; Hon. Charles E. Dagenett, Super- visor of Indian Employment, United States Department of Indian Affairs; J. N. B. Hewitt, Ethnologist, Smithsonian Institution: Arthur C. Parker, Seneca, Archaeologist, New York State Museum; Rev. Sherman Coolidge, Arapaho, President of the Society American Indians; Charles A. Eastman, M. D., Sioux, author, lec- turer, and physician; Henry Roe Cloud, Winnebago, a Yale grad- uate and authority on Indian social conditions, etc.; John M.Oskison, Cherokee, magazine writer; Dennison Wheelock, Oneida, lawyer and authority on Indian administration; Rev. Frank Wright, Choc-[“ February i r T *b6u ..t]!2iii j!il>i...i3Sf[.-Ji»i!b.,.itllli..jillli-..ilIlli«--i^*,Jl!f>i.^»lllk.^lil>»-^'^* TheEedMan 231 taw, the famous Southern evangelist; Angel DeCora Deitz, Winne- bago, artist, and teacher of art at the Carlisle Indian School; and there are others in various callings. It is needless to mention the prominence attained by the red mer> in the athletic field, as the world-wide reputation of Thorpe, Tewanima, Sockalexis, Bender, and Myers is known by every reader of athletic sports as well as by every boy in the country. The wonderful record of the Carlisle Indians on the football field >s unrivalled. But, great as are these records on the athletic field, they should not dim the records which have been made on many °ther fields of human effort. Thorpe won his trophies because he deserved them. None the less truly have the statesmen, lawyers, doctors, ministers, teachers, farmers, nurses, and other Indians who ‘have made good” won their trophies of success in the struggle of hfe because they also deserved them. The real Indian of the frontier days, pictured by the godly Scotch-Irishman, who was at war with him, was just as truly pictured as the Southern planter was pictured by the Northern anti-slavery Writers during the days of the Civil War. Heckewelder, Zeis- ^erger, Post, and, later, Cooper and Catlin, have been criticized for painting the Indian as they saw him. It has been said that both heckewelder and Catlin idealized the Indian. So, also, do the Writers of the biographies of Washington, Lincoln, Grant, Lee, and every other great man “idealize” the subject of their historical work. We would hardly think of asking an enemy to write a history of our life. Who gives a true picture of the real Indian of the past—the frontiersman who had stolen his lands, cheated him in the sale of cheap rum, and who hated an Indian because he stood in his way, or such a man as Heckewelder, or Catlin, who knew the Indian as he was, with his human love, his sorrows and joys, as an intelligent being in his own village? Between the “idealism” of Heckewelder, 0r Cooper, or the bigoted “materialism” of the writers of the fron- tier days, the author prefers the former as being more true to the real life of the Indian of the past. An enemy will not paint a very beautiful likeness of a man or of a race. The friend may “idealize” the picture, but it will be a truer picture none the less. So to-day the pictures which are drawn of the Indian, clad in feathers and paint, tearing over the plains on a wild horse, seeking and women to plunder and scalp, is a true picture of the real232 -’'Hn**-’ilii*-ni|i*->ilj|i>,,'<it|ii«->n|[<'-ii||ii'*-r7qin'' ,,iiii(i‘-nini',','i!ii‘,~^iiu|"| TheRedMan< prJCKi«,.'5!i^ !»■ February 'I Indian as he appears to the imagination of the boyish reader of “yellow” novels, or to the artist of the “yellow” photo-play. But, the real Indian of the man who knows what the Indian really has become is building houses, plowing the ground, healing the sick, writing books, leading great movements for the betterment of men, teaching, preaching—in short, the real Indian of to-day is doing just about the same things as the real men of every race on the face of the earth. As has been stated, there are about 266,000 Indians in the United States. Take the same number of people of any race in the United States, or upon the face of the earth, and I doubt whether they will make as good a showing as do the Indians. The trouble has been that we compare what 266,000 people are doing with what 90,000,000 people are doing.The Story of Two Real Indian Artists: By E. L. Martin. “ Each figure had its meaning; Each some magic song suggested." «N the world of to-day, there are just two real Indian artists. They are Lone Star and his wife, Angel De Cora. Both are instructors in art at the Uriited | States Government Indian School at Carlisle, Penn- I sylvania, and both are themselves students of nature, which the real artist must ever continue to be. These artists, true to the instincts of their race, “see something ni°re in nature than general effect.” Their criticism is that hither- to, with the exception of Frederic Remington, who lived with and studied the red man in his own environment, artists have not seen the Indian soul speaking in the Indian face. The conception of t^ Indian character has been altogether unlike the Indian himself, "'hich has left the impression upon the general mind that the In- dian possesses certain peculiar qualities which in no respect belong t° him. The white man, they say—the artist—invariably gives the expression of stoicism to the Indian face. And it is only by living 'Vlth and coming into close relation with these primitive people that is enabled to find out his great mistake. For a great mistake it Certainly is, they inform us, to so depict him. It is easy to recall what a great mind has told us, that “nature is lnexhaustible, and alone forms the greatest masters. Say what youwill of rules, they alter the true features and the natural expression. So, Lone Star says, by following conventional rules and practices, false ideas of his race have been given to us. For, “of all thing5 the Indian has been, he has first of all been an artist.” This seems like a fair statement, too, and one that might be ex- pected. For always the Indian has lived with and been governed by nature. Always he has loved the “haunts of nature.” Likewise the Indian has had faith in “God and nature,” and, like Hiawatha, in his song he has made records of his thoughts in symbolic language. Hence he has learned to look at nature with an artists eye. Realizing the essential truth of all this, Lone Star and his wife, Angel De Cora, both of whom have studied art under such in- structors as Joseph De Camp, Howard Pyle, Edmund Tarbell,and Frank Benson, feel that they have just cause for regretting that this misunderstanding of the original American should exist. There is enough of romance in the life of each one of these artists to enable them fully to appreciate and love the people among whom they were born and with whom they lived in their early child" hood. In fact, the opening chapter in the life of Lone Star closely resembles the corresponding one in some tale of fiction. Wicarhpi Isnala was the boy’s name. “Lone Star” his father call- ed him, which is the true interpretation of the Indian significance of this title. When Lone Star was between two and three years old, his father, a white trader and agent, having become a very wealthy man, con- cluded to visit his home in the East. He stayed away five years. Then he came back and carried Lone Star off with him. In the meantime he had met and married an old sweetheart, whom he had lost sight of during his stay with Chief Red Cloud’s tribe. Lone Star was now a boy of eight years, so his father entered him in a school here in the East. Being of a bright mind and quick to grasp and retain whatever study he was given to learn, his own language did not prove to be any great handicap. So, at the age of eighteen, he was graduated from high school. Then he was sent to college and given a course of instruction at an art school. His father had great ambition for his promising young son, and laid out a most brilliant course for him to pursue. But life on the plains was calling to Lone Star. It almost always happens so! f-orIllustrated Home Conditions ArnonjJ the Cherokees of Oklahoma Vii No. 1 'I lie home of Zrfce PoWlnit. three mile* from Spavinaw. Okla. One of the men in |he croup »* In the advano d stavjesol pulmonary tuberculosis. Five per so us arc living in thu one-room cabin which has M a »inu‘.e window* Vri<\v ,\ii. 2.—‘An Indian home neat Spavinaw, f>klu, I,ike many oi ilitr houses of these people, tl***rc Jre ">* w ind»u> in thU cabin. '•’unv No.?.—Atypical Cherokee cabin, the home of Charlie Fields, near Kansas, Okla. The man at the It’fl of (hr iiTiMi|* is entirely blind, dating (tom childhood. Vn u No l.~A Cherokee home between Jay and Euche, Okh., in which ten people are livine. This cabin ^Constructed without window?. Vtuw No. 5.-—I*iigtM milts nor|h K.mnu-s. Qklu., is the home oi Mrs. Own Parchcorn, be tlis one end of the building shown. Here iwci small cabins have been buili wtih a »iMCe between which ha* been convened Into a chicken house, Ahonr ten neon I e are (Ivina In iheise iwo single-room cabins. View Xo. (>.—Till* i« the home of Charles Beardaw, near Barber, Okla. Mrs, Bearclaw lay dying inside when nhiMotiraph was taken, She died three weeks Utter. Nine people are living in this cabin which has but one small room with a stncle window.WILLIAM DBITZ ILLUSTKATOK AND INSTRUCTOR OF ART. CARLISLK INDIAN SCIIDOI.IfKCwtasa I February 'i|l [••'»>• •’^|^iB'^r-|iiiii'^ijrv,,iiiii|1 "v <w'wr'*P' 'TOTirrx^T* ’■c.'iiiTTi l|l‘ »T*_ _ __ T~V	. ''l| |i‘ Th e EedMan 1,1 ,jiUii)...iiliii,.,iitIii,.,iii]i..iiillii,.jiilji,,,ii[]ii,..ii]Si._i‘iiliii,.,1iilii1,jiiiii,.....dll.il yiin!!..",.....%?Tjt...... were not his own people there—his beautiful Indian mother, who loved her boy as devotedly as the white mother loves hers, and the sister they left behind? So, back the Indian youth went to see them all- Then he returned to his art and finished his course. For an artist he was, and should ever continue to be. As an artist, Lone Star has already achieved considerable dis- tinction. And his career is only just begun, as he considers. He has worked as a staff artist on different newspapers, and at the time of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis he supervised the interior and mural decorations of the Indian exhibit. That was in ^904, the year he met and became acquainted with Angel De Cora, who is a descendant of the hereditary chief of the Winnebagoes. Nothing could have been more productive of their greatest good than the meeting of these two young Indian artists. Fate must have anticipated what was in store for them when she brought them along the paths which finally merged into one long road, which they soon made up their minds to travel along together until the end is reached. It is four years since Lone Star became an instructor in the United States Government Indian School at Carlisle. His wife, Angel De Cora, received her appointment two years earlier. As a little Indian girl, Angel De Cora had been entered in the reservation school. After she had been there a few days, she tells ys) a strange white man appeared among them. When, through an mterpreter, he asked her if she would like to take a ride in a steam car> childlike she said yes. She was all the more eager to go when she found that six others were accepting the same invitation. The following morning, by sunrise, they all climbed into a big wagon and were driven to the railroad station. Angel De Cora had never Seen a steam car or a railroad track in all her life and the situation was a wonderfully exciting one. All day they rode on and on, and when night came they still continued their journey. And so it was for three days and three nights. Then they arrived at Hampton, Virginia. Angel De Cora was going to be educated as no one had ever dreamed of. It was three years before she saw her mother again. When her Parents found out about her leaving the reservation school they were heartbroken over being thus separated from the daughter. But it was too late to interfere. And when, after a three years’ stay at Hampton, Angel De Cora went home for a vacation, her fatherI 240 * TheBedManj i7rJc:«"?rjih.'lc3h^ t ii» February and the old chief and his wife had all died. “And with them,” she says, “the old Indian life was gone.” Her mother’s grief over parting with her little daughter was truly pitiful. For months, she told Angel De Cora, she wept and mourned for her. By the time, however, that Angel was ready to re- turn to Hampton again the mother had become reconciled to the changed life, for she saw it was inevitable, as well as being best for them all. There was a great career awaiting the daughter, and one that the mother could take pride in. Recognizing what her natural gift inclined her to, and what the true bent of her nature was, friends stood ready to urge her on- Through friendly effort she entered the Burnham Classical School for Girls. Then, later, Angel De Cora was entered at the art de- partment of Smith College, at Northampton, Massachusetts. So, with all this painstaking instruction, supplemented by private study under our best art instructors, she is thoroughly well prepared to aid and companion her talented young husband in the career which he has chosen to follow. Both Lone Star and his wife, Angel De Cora, maintain that art misrepresents the Indian. Few, if any, of us have ever stopped to consider whether or not there is any distinction between the Indian man and the Indian woman in the wearing of feathers. With the Indian himself, however, it is of the greatest importance. A feather to the Indian means the same as a medal or college letter awarded to a paleface for athletic merit. But under no circumstances does an Indian woman ever adorn herself with feathers. Yet the paleface artists and illustrators, as well as the writers of fiction and otherwise, commit the error of making the Indian woman wear feathers, and also describe the manner in which they affect to decorate themselves with what seems to be their only means of beautifying their persons, for which they have been laughed at by their red-skinned brothers. Before an Indian is entitled to wear eagle feathers he must have distinguished himself by some act of bravery. And every feather stands for a separate count. Lone Star tells us that at first the Indian “made symbolic records of his thoughts.” Then, in course of time, these symbols developed into a regular system of decorative designing. And he reminds us that we have only to recall the garments he wore and the utensils he employed to satisfy ourselves that this is so.ps®;4'iS3,;N!!;| r February i! Cvwrj: |""ir	mmprniDi' ^^y -mil ' TheKedMan ; If 241 J Likewise, the early primitive fashion is the one best suited to the Indian’s style for carrying out his natural conception of true art, an instance of this being shown by “the parting of the hair in the Middle, then braiding it in two parts and bringing them forward over the shoulders.” No other way of arranging the hair, this artist con- tends, becomes the Indian woman so well. Then there is the use of the fringe, which lends artistic grace to the gestures. Always the Indian has been lavish with this kind of trimming for his skin gar- ments. "The trouble has been that the white man pictured the Indian as his imagination saw him, and not as the Indian actually exists in his free and untrammeled life. Everything there is done for a purpose, and each tribe has a style peculiarly its own. But the time has come, so our two real Indian artists believe, when, if pictorial records of the Indian are to be made, they should be done correctly. And with two such interpreters of the art of their race, this ought not to be difficult °f achievement.The Tale of a Dog: By Estelle Armstrong. '11HIS story should serve a useful purpose among white children as v>el as among red, « applicable to the white race as well as to tht Indian. A hard fight covering a number of years has resulted in largely eliminating inhuman practices against animals in our country, but much remains to be done. Teaching kindness to animals has not had prop& attention either in Indian education or the administration of tribal affairs- It is well known that horses, cattle, dogs, and other animals on reservation are too often neglected. Mrs. A rmstrong resided on one of the largest res- ervations and has been on other reservations during the past ten years- Her appeal should not fall on deaf ears. Humane education goes a step farther than simply teaching the rights of animals; it implies character building. Children should not be permitted to afflict needless suffering °n helpless animals, not only because of the pain to the animals, but because of the demoralizing effect on the children themselves. “ The Tale of a Dog" has its counterpart, and an equally sad storS could be related of other animals. It should be brought definitely to thl attention of every Indian child in the Service as well as the mature Indians on every reservation. HIS is the tale of a dog; but it doesn’t wag; rather droops dispiritedly and hangs so forlornly and with such a dejected air that it signals its owner’s state of mind as plainly as though my brain were turned inside out and my thoughts put on a billboard. I am told that it is quite popular these days to write the story of your life for all who bark to read; that it is cus- tomary to tell the whole world of the motives and thoughts which have governed your actions and shaped your history. I am only 8 dog, and a reservation dog at that, ignorant of the amenities of the lives of more fortunate canines, but well versed in all the forms of cruelty and neglect that the reservation begets. My tale will be crude, but if it should appeal to one heart only, if it might save on®.......Tara > 243 I dog a cruel blow or procure him a bone, it will be worth the telling. My father once belonged to a white man at the agency. I have heard that he was well cared for and had a place in which to sleep; I have even heard that he was fed regularly each day, but I cannot quite believe this. Surely, no dog is ever as fortunate as to receive food daily. But my father’s master was sent away to another res- ervation, and so he was left homeless and after a time joined the many dogs that roam the reservation. I do not know who my mother was, but I do know that because of my father’s good blood, which shows often in my puppies, I am kept by my master and occasionally thrown a bone from the hut he calls his. I have never known anything but hunger and thirst and blows. No one has ever put a gentle hand on my head or given me a kind word. My earliest recollections are of roaming in unfamiliar places, following strange scents, always scared and cowardly, trying to find something to eat. Does anyone ever stop to think how we dogs and horses suffer for water in the hot months? Indian reservations are always dry, so others tell me. It is said that Indians are only per- mitted to live on land that the white men do not want. I do not know about this, but 1 do know that on this reservation water is Vfiry scarce and that my master must go miles at times to obtain it. I roam for hours at a time trying to find a water hole. Sometimes I cannot leave my puppies long and my mouth gets dry and swollen and I whine with the pain, but no one gives me a drink. I have seen some of the Indians give their dogs food and drink, kut not we mother dogs. Perhaps it is because I am only a dog, but [ cannot understand why we mothers of our race are looked up- on as inferior to the fathers—why we are treated with contempt and Receive far more than our share of abuse and neglect. I have tried ard to understand, but 1 cannot. We bear the young of our kind m loneliness and pain; we rear and nurture them at the expense of body and mind. How are we inferior? Why am I not an equal of my sons as well as of my daughters? Of course, I am only a dog atld many things seem strange to me, but this is the strangest of ^em all. My master does not feed me when I am rearing my puppies, but leaves me to find food as best I may. The puppies are always hungry, and I get so thin and weak and suffer all the day and night. My children have to learn always that my master does not want themabout; I try to tell them, but they will not listen; they run to him in play, and he kicks them or lifts them by the tail and laughs when they cry with the pain. They soon learn to keep away from him, but if they had listened to me they would have been spared much suffer' ing. Perhaps we are so made that every dog has to be hurt for him- self before he learns. 1 am not a young dog any more, and in all my life no one has spoken a kind word to me—I can remember nothing but hunger and loneliness and misery. And yet I am not mean nor vicious, but just a plain little dog who would love to the end the person who would be kind to me. I never bite my master’s children, even when they abuse mine. Am I kinder than they, or is it because I am only a dog? My master has two horses which fare even worse than I. Grass is not plentiful in this dry country and not even when they are per" mitted to roam at large are they able to find enough to eat. But m>' master often keeps them tied close to his hut for days and feeds them but little. They are made to drag heavy loads for him, and he beats them cruelly because they do not move faster. They te me they are too weak to move quickly and that he loads them be- yond their strength. If this is true, why does he beat them? Can- not he see that they are doing all they can for him? My master expects faithful service and hard work of them; have they not the right to food with which to retain their strength in return for their labor. I cannot tell why he beats them. We animals do not tor- ture each other without just cause. Is my master less humane than a dog that he must beat something more helpless than himself? My master’s children go up to the school at the agency to learn the ways and speech of the white man. These children will be the future masters of the children of my puppies. On them will depend the welfare of coming generations of helpless dogs and horses. Why cannot these children be taught that we are dumb fellow-creatures of theirs, dependent on them for food and care, with nerves to hurt and flesh to ache. That under our rough coats are hearts longing for a kind word, a longing so intense that it will endure hunger and pain without complaint if only the master will be kind. 1 am only 3 dog, but it seems to me that if these children could be so taught, the humane education thus obtained would do much for the right forma- tion of their characters, for civilization in its complete form will bar■ill cruelty, will decree that needless suffering shall cease. How shall cruelty be barred and suffering banished unless the young of the race are taught the value of the culture of the heart as well as of the intellect? Up at the agency school to-day are children who to-morrow will e Wen. They are being taught right ways of living, the habits that secure sound health, and the customs that make for better citizenship. Are they also being taught justice to the helpless and consideration f°r the weak? Are compassion and kindness and mercy of so little value in a world shrinking from a knowledge of the sorrows and heart cries of the oppressed that they shall not be taught the children of a race which itself has suffered because its gods counseled war and verigeance and bloodshed? Am ! asking too much—something to eat, a place to sleep, a k*nd hand on may head? In return for them I will give a faithful- ness that knows no shadow of turning. Friends do not always re- Wain friendly; a son or a daughter may prove ungrateful; the most trusted become false to his faith. The friends of success often be- c°me the enemies of failure. The one unselfish friend a man can have is his dog. He knows no success, no failure, no loss of good name; nor riches nor health nor sickness. He only knows that he Is his master and that he is kind, and that this kindness he is to re- Pay with a loyalty and devotion that only death can end. It does n°t seem that I ask too much, but then I am only a dog.Hopi Students to Preach Culture to Sun Worshipers: From the New York American. r'HE students mentioned in the folloivitig article left for their homes last Juh' Letters have been received from all of them, and the reports show that the) are making excellent use of their education. One has opened a small store, severat are employed at their mechanical trades, one is engaged in a trader's store, and thf rest are farming. A fine spirit of service to their people is breathed in their lettetS. which show their emancipation from paganism and the old life of opposition to pr0’ gress and education. HAT a misunderstanding of the white man’s motives has been one of the causes of the Indian’s backward" ness in adopting civilized methods and of fighting education is being demonstrated at the Govern- ment Indian School at Carlisle, Pa., where twelve members of the Hopi nation, sun worshipers and pagans, who went there five years ago virtually as prisoners of war, are now preparing to go back to their people and spread the doctrine of the new life which they have gladly accepted. These twelve Hopi Indians, when they arrived there five years ago, were crude specimens. Long hair hung down their backs, they were garbed in discarded khaki uniforms and blue army over- coats, and none of them could speak a word of English. Now these same Indians, having gone through the white man’s melting pot, are considered among the best students in the school, have renouncedthe sun and have joined Christian churches, are precise gentlemen their conduct, and one of them has achieved an international fame. A half dozen years ago the Hopi nation was causing considerable trouble in Arizona. Internecine strife had divided the tribes, and a troop of United States cavalry was sent post haste to the Keam’s Canyon region to restore peace. After pow-wows and conferences in which the Indian leaders sternly refused to adopt the white man’s education, twelve of the ^ost obstinate “stand patters” were taken as prisoners of war and sent from the Moqui Agency in Arizona to the Carlisle Indian School, the party arriving there January 26, 1907. All of these Indians were members of the Oraibi band of the Hopi nation. Among them were several priests and head men of the tribe. When these savages arrived at the Carlisle School they would have nothing to do with any of the other students and began to live their lives apart. As they could speak no English, they expressed their thoughts by gestures and in garbled language. In order to experiment, the authorities of the school did not 0rder these Hopis to have their long locks of hair cut, but waited to see if their association with the advanced Indians at the school would not have some good effect upon them. In less than ten days one of the Hopis indicated by gestures that he would like to have his hair cut like the other students, and on the same day another Hopi was discovered snipping off his own locks with a hunting knife. Advanced Rapidly. From the moment the Hopis showed their first interest in edu- cation they advanced rapidly and became eager in their desire to learn more. They entered the lowest grades in the classrooms, but as they were attentive to their studies, were kindly disposed to their teachers, and caused not the slightest trouble, they climbed to the top. All were assigned to devote some portion of their time to vocational training, some entering the blacksmith shops or car- penter shops, and Lewis Tewanima, the crack Marathon runner, developed into an expert tailor. “These boys were ridiculed at first by the other students, it being a common habit of the aboriginal race,” declared Superintendent f1 riedman. “But the newcomers persevered, until they were among the most respected and best-liked students in the school. TheI 248 CWTai^es'x <y ............ TheKedMam - _	i -Hi '!;■■ .■■ltllii..iilfllii.lill'lii„iililli..iilllli...iillli,.<illllil.W!ll3k^i!il!i(„ii!niii,jrlllh.I^>]ll!i - February Hopis were absolutely converted to education and civilization. Where before they were sun worshipers and the snake dance was one of their principal ceremonies, they have all joined Christian churches. “When these Hopi boys return home they will be leaders among their people and fight for both education and righteousness. No"' all speak English, all read and write, they are courteous, and are gentlemen. They have kept in continual touch with their people and already this influence has been noticeable in the Hopi country- The Hopis are small people and those at Carlisle averaged about 5 feet 5 inches in height and weigh from 120 to 150 pounds. All them are amazing runners. Four out of five comprising Carlisle s cross-country team for 1912 were Hopis. In their country it is a common event for one of the tribe to run fifty miles with a message and return the same distance with the answer. Lewis Tewanima, one of these same savages five years ago, 1S to-day the greatest long-distance runner in the world, and two years ago, while representing America at the Olympic games in Paris, won the main Marathon event. He represented this country at the recent Olympic games at Stockholm. Washington Talyumpte"'3 has also achieved a national reputation as a long-distance runner. The twelve Hopi Indians who have been so wonderfully trans- formed in five years are: Tawa Ventewa, William Nahongva, Ponaqua Tewa, Andrew Hermequatewa, Lewis Tewanima, Archie Quamala, Edward Tewane, Wallace Houma, Glenn Josytewa, Joshua Hermeyesva, Tala Yamtewa, and Washington Talyumptewa.Cbttorial Comment Keeping Liquor Away from Indians. FULL-BLOOD Creek Indian residing in Okla- homa was recently paid$6,250 in the Muskogee County Court for his interest in his dead wife’s surplus land. Within two weeks after he had received the money, he was in the county jail at Muskogee as a pauper, charged with vagrancy. His money had been obtained by sharpers. While the reports do not enter into detail, it is probable that whisky aided in the downfall of this Indian Another example having to do with an entire tribe, where laxity in Protecting the Indians’ property and the uncorrected and prolific use of whisky debauched the tribe, is the recent White Earth scan- dal. Here a large portion of the tribe have been robbed of their land and timber by land grafters and unscrupulous whites. Examples of this kind could be multiplied in various portions the country. Wherever the bootlegger has held sway, and his nefarious traffic has gone on without interruption and unpunished, the Indians have been demoralized and debauched, their property has slipped out of their fingers, and they have degenerated phys- ically. There may be a question in the minds of different persons as to 'vhat is the best means of keeping liquor away from the Indian, but ah true friends of the Indian are agreed on one thing—that the In- dian is the easy prey of rum, and that the success of every effort which the Government is putting forth to make an industrious, reli- able, independent citizen of the Indian depends on keeping him sober and relentlessly pursuing every offender against the Indian Kquor law. Spasmodic attempts here and there at reform are but temporary •n their influence. A uniform campaign must be waged wherever Indians reside, on every Indian reservation, and in the vicinity of every Indian school. It should be made plain that the Federal p ... ... Government is seriously in earnest in breaking up this traffic. At the same time Indian schools should emphasize in their classroom Work this serious menace to the Indian race, and teach every Indian child the effects of liquor on the body, the mind, and the moral nature. An earnest temperance campaign on Indian reservations250 \"T ......................................................ra'.iiiC t TheKedMan ■* l ..iilbii^ijJlj(Milillri..iilill....... 11 j ..^i JT](.illf rjp.uliOe.... ■! lllrr.....ilk A. , 4 ............ should bring excellent results in winning the older people to habit# of sobriety. It has been said that there never was an Indian war which did not in some way have its origin in drink. It is a well-known fact that thousands of Indians have been dispossessed of their land and prop- erty from the same cause. Many a failure of a promising Indian youth, who might otherwise have been a useful member of society* had its origin in the liquor bottle. While it is well for the Govern- ment to continue unabated its efforts to eradicate this traffic, it *s also evident that there must be an awakening among the Indians themselves. Whisky is the ever-present enemy of the red man, and if the men and women of Indian blood, who have within themselves strength of leadership, would make a united effort to eliminate the drink evil, much good would follow. Here is an opportunity for reform from within. Let the strong Indian leaders of every tribe take a stand for temperance. Indian friends, look around you and see the havoc, unhappiness, and suffering which whisky has caused your people! See how successful and contented are the sober Indians, who work and live right! A Great Newspaper Campaign for Indian Uplift. *OR several months past The New York Herald, one of the most powerful international dailies of this country, has been waging an active campaign of education with reference to the condition and needs of our American Indians. So forceful have been its reports and editorials, so timely and potent in their influence, that the Congress itself has been awakened out of the usual lethargy and lack of interest which generally characterizes much of its work on the floor of House and Senate on Indian legislation. The Herald has evidently spared no expense, but has turned the whole weight of its comprehensive sources of news and influence toward accomplishing a saner, juster, and more humane readjust- ment of Indian affairs. It has brought into the limelight of pub-February kxaerxarjt ThbEedMan ,, III......ilk..!*,,,*............................................................................................................A! 251 licity some very wretched conditions, and by forcing the issue has started important legislation on the road toward enactment. We have here journalism of an ideal kind, patriotic in its motive, making for a better country, the elevation of an aboriginal race, and the inspiring of the Nation’s Government and citizens to a broader, kindlier, and more efficient interest in a national duty yet unac- complished. Winnebagoes by Encouragement Succeed as Farmers. FEW years ago the Winnebago tribe of Indians in Nebraska were known as one of the unprogressive Indian tribes. Lax moral relations were rapidly undermining the tribe, and drunkenness was a common every-day sight in the towns bordering 011 the reservation. Indians were convicted of crime, their lands were uncultivated and grew up in weeds, and much poverty and suffering was known to exist on the reservation. To-day, through the unflagging zeal of Superintendent Albert Kneale, who has taken his work seriously and whose administration °f the affairs of the Winnebagoes has been most beneficent, there has been an awakening of the entire tribe. A drunken Indian is rarely seen, the people are settling down to habits of industry and domesticity, and there are no better farms in that country than some of those cultivated by the Omahas and the Winnebagoes. New homes are being erected everywhere on the reservation, which are neatly kept and well furnished. Mr. Kneale reports seventy-five per cent of the families are living in good, substantial frame houses, and for the most part these houses are kept in good condition. After giving a number of illustrations where individual Indians have succeeded as farmers, this significant statement is made: Estimating that corn will be worth 40 cents a bushel, the total valuation of fheir crop this year will be $104,950. Last year none of their corn brought 'hem less than 50 cents and much of it brought them as high as 60 cents. The prospects are the price will be equally good this year, in which case $20,000 may he added to the above total. There are 161 Indians who are engaged in farming, handling a crop of 11,853 acres, an average of 65.4 acres each. At a corn show* 252 imjpr -i|Hltr^!i'^’"i|(iiP-l||!|l,'» Th e EedMan K1 him III.. .4 A Tvr .011 tin. *h*<tnrv I ..<riilli..irll!ll..jlltlt,.1|lillj,	.rilPlu. February which was held in Winnebago last fall, Winnebago Indians took second and third prizes in open competition, the judges being repre- sentatives of the State University. At the Thurston County Agri- cultural Fair held about the same time, a Winnebago Indian captured a prize for the corn he exhibited. Mr. Kneale estimates that the Indians raised 203,000 bushels of corn, 20,000 bushels of oats, 3,000 bushels of wheat, 825 tons of hay, 30 tons of broom corn, and a thousand bushels of potatoes. All this is the result of wise rule on an Indian reservation, the proper en- couragement of the Indians, and of courageous protection of their interests from the invasion of disreputable men. The Indians are prosperous and happy, the children are attend- ing school, and the influence of the Christian church is reaching un- to every Indian family. The Red Man believes that this is typic^ of the renewed activity which is entering into the life of many an- other Indian reservation and is resulting in wakening the Indians to a life of sobriety, industry, and contentment. IN Life’s small things be resolute and great To keep thy muscles trained; know’st thou when fate Thy measure takes ? or when she’ll say to thee “I find thee worthy, do this thing for me!” —Emerson.Notes on Indian Progress HP HE great interest which has been aroused among the Indians in farming is shown in the Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for the fiscal year 1912. This interest has not been confined to one reservation, but 18 widespread and the Indians them- selves are enthusiastic. The follow- lng itemsk^„ reoort are significant; A farmers’ institute, for both Indians and whites, was held at Winnebago in February. Subjects pertaining to the home as wel! as farm were discussed, and the talks made w®re full of practical value. Speakers were sent from the State University, and a lecture on good roads, illustrated by stereopticon slides, was one of the best features of the 'nstitute. Local prominent whites and In- dians and agency employees also made ad- dresses on various subjects. At the Potawatonii Reservation in Kan- !#s> farmers’ meetings were held on April 30 and May 3, and a good-roads meeting was held on May 14. At these meetings the sxpert farmer gave practical talks on various subjects pertaining to farm life, with black- board illustrations. A good-roads club was organized, and a circular of hints to farm- ers 'va* promulgated for the information of the Indian farmers. A lecture on poultry, illustrated by Ian- tern slides from the Department of Agricul- ture, was delivered at the Cheyenne and Arapahoe School in Oklahoma on May 24 and 25 by the expert farmer. This lecture was repeated at Watonga and Geary. A course of talks covering a period of about three months was given at the Fond 11 Lac reservation on subjects of farming, dairying, poultry raising, etc. The Oneida Indians attended the annual arniers’ institute at Depere, at which lec- 'ures were given by experts from the Uni- 'ersity of Wisconsin with special reference ,0 com propagation and the care of live stock. Farmers’ institutes are held at the Fort eck Agency, and large numbers of Indians attended the meetings during! the’’year. The program usually consists of instructions given by experts from various parts of the State in farming, poultry and stock raising, dairying, and beekeeping, and a general discussion is engaged in by those present. A farmer’s club has been organized at Otoe, and meetings are held in the school buildings for the discussion of topics of general and agricultural interest. The Indian Farmers’ Association was organized at Ponca. Weekly and later, biweekly, meetings were held, at which the superintendent and farmers gave talks on farming topics, which apparently were pro- ductive of much good. At Red Cliff six Indians have become members of the local fruit growers' associa- tion, and regularly attend the meetings which are held on Saturdays. At Santee cash premiums were given to boys having the best grade of com. Two active farmers’ clubs and one temperance club have been organized at Sisseton. A farmers’ institute was held also, and many Indians were in attendance. A farmers’ association has been organized in what is known as the Cannon Ball dis- trict on the Standing Rock Reservation. A corn contest was held at the Cheyenne and Arapaho Indian fair, in which the best farmers under the Cheyenne and Arapaho, Cantonment, Seger, and Red Moon schools participated. Prizes were given for the best yield obtained at each reservation, and then the various reservations entered into a competition. DURING the month of Septem- ber there was held at Lawton Station, N. Y.. an exhibit of farming and industry by the Indo-Crafters, who have been organized among the Tus- carora Indians. These Indians are becoming successful agriculturists, and the women are becoming very pro- ficient as housekeepers in the making of cakes, pastry, bread, and preserving fruits and berries. A special buildingf ' “»"' ||i' the KedMan Jk.Jk.Jk.jik.Jii l.jllhjIllllkJI Ikhk* » February was devoted to the demonstration, and there was a complete exhibit of farming and home products. There was also a display of vegetables, fruits, and flow- ers, which was especially attractive. IT is estimated that the annual out- put of the blankets made by the Navajo Indians from native wool ap- proximates $675,000, and from Ger- mantown wool, $36,000. Nearly 900,000 pounds of wool are annually worked into blankets by the Navajos. This is one of the important industries of this tribe, and the excellence of the workmanship of these Indians is testi- fied toby thousands of users of Navajo rugs and blankets in all portions of the world. DURING the fiscal year ending June 30,1912, the officers work- ing under the chief officer for the sup- pression of the liquor traffic brought in 1,480 new cases. During the same year, there were 1,002 convictions, 267 dismissals, and 32 acquittals. The work of the suppression of this traffic is now under the able administration of Mr. Henry A, Larson, who has a corps of expert workers in all parts of the Indian country under his juris- diction. Agricultural fairs an<* associations have come to pla-v an important part in training the In* dians in agriculture and in winning their interest in farming their allot- ments. During the last year India" fairs were held at Watonga, Okla* Gila River, Cheyenne River, Cro"'- Fort Belknap, Fort Totten, Fort Beh- old, Keshena, Lower Brule, Nevada- Cattaraugus (N. Y.), Fine Ridge. San- tee, Sisseton, Tongue River, Fort Peck* Rosebud, and Southern Ute Reserva- tions. In a number of places, pen*12' nent fair associations have been organ' ized among the Indians. Many of Indian tribes not only held their own fairs, but participated in the regulaf county and State fairs, and in man>' cases the Indians carried off some of the prizes for excellence in farnun2 and stock raising.iN'i'hKKiu Virw in- ink Nnw Pm'miunt. and Maciunk Si«oi* Rpckntlv Instali.hi> ai i»,k C a'-i i ii' |ni»ian S-ikmii. Tim Sckkm Shows Sihiknt-Ai-I'Hkntk us ai VVokk IN l|l» |»| I \IIHN<. AND H MAI INT. DIVISION ill HIK SlIOl*. STIIDKNTS AT VVOKK IN TIIK MaCHINK SHOr DIVISION. HbmK THKY AKK iNSTKfCTIH ,N A I'm ai i icai Way. iiv an Kmmciknt Machinist, in thk Kkpaih of Machinkkn i*shi* in tiik Various Shops of rur. School. Bksii>ks Gaining thk KM’RIIIKNCK ACOl’IKKH IN C0N3TH I'CTI VK WORK.-Comment of Our Contemporaries diseases among the INDIANS r^HE warning of Superintendent Friedman of the Carlisle School at !f the Government does not take Poetical action very soon to check th ^ 6SPec’a^y tuberculosis, among e North American Indians on reser- JWons the gravest results may be look- er is at once significant and im- pressive.—Brooklyn Eagle. !mSians for the 'NDIan service ^'VIDENTLY the Government is coming thoroughly to realize that Ind°^^ un^erstan<^s an Indian like an lar>, and the result is the utilization 1 e graduates from the Carlisle In- lan school as officials in the Indian ranch of the Service. In the Philip- PHes the natives are gradually displac- 8 Americans inofficial positions for th	arC	anc^ alfeady of e >000 Government employees now In8 the Indian business, nearly ar are graduates of Carlisle. It is th ^at ^ course not on^ are appointees themselves greatly jjengthened. but the Service is im- , ^or the Carlisle students are effi ,t0 loyal, faithful, honest, and Uent in every instance where they been tried. The positions they ^ave been selected to fill are school Perintendents, chiefs of police, super- ors, forest guards, stenographers, and ^terpreters. There is no question the* ^ ^overnment owes much to *e descendants of the original pos- 0rs °f the country, and in no manner can that debt be more practically mef than by advancing the real native Amer- ican as rapidly as his developed ability will permit.— Buffalo Commercial. THE SUCCESS OF THE INDIAN SCHOOL THE report of the Carlisle Indian School for the past year, just issued, shows amazing success under the direction of Superintendent M. Friedman, who has brought the insti- tution to an enviable position in educa- tional circles. Such an announcement will be greeted with considerable gratification by Carlisle citizens generally, who have watched with enthusiasm the progress of the institution under the direction of Mr. Friedman, who has given every proof of his intense interest in, and friendship for, the community. Nearly every paragraph, nearly every line of the report, contradicts the theory that an Indian school, away from the environment of the Indian of the West, cannot be successful in the East. It shows conclusively that the Carlisle institution is by far the lead- ing one in the Indian Service, and the increase in the enrollment is significant. The report covers a svide scope of interest, showing besides the large in- crease in enrollment, the effectiveness of the vocational educational system, extensive improvements to the entire school plant, the introduction of lessons in personal hygiene and moral training, and the huge success of the “Outing System,” introduced into the service a number of years ago.There is also a strong point for thought and application in Cumber- land County. Mr. Friedman says: The Indian schools of the country are years in advance of the public schools in the various States for white children where agricultural training Is concerned. He then criticises the schools for whites for retarding progress along this line and observes that the Carlisle insti- tution is one of the first to “blaze the trail” and that hundreds of educators visit the school each year to gain closer insight into the work. It is shown that from July 1, 1911, to June 30, 1912, the value of the products from the two school farms amounted to $9,640.35, at an actual cost of $2,642.- 80. It might be wise for rural school directors of Cumberland County to seek suggestion for furtherance of agricultural education right here at home. The school has grown rapidly un- der the direction of Mr. Friedman, and Carlisle owes considerable of its advertising to this school. It is a known fact that in other places when Carlisle is mentioned, the stranger says: “O, yes! that’s where the Indians are, isn’t it?” Carlisle is glad that the institution is enjoying a period of unprecedented success. It is glad that the school is here. It congratulates Mr. Friedman, and wishes him a continuance of his splendid work. Carlisle predicts that his future will show even more credit- able accomplishments than the gratify- ing past.—Editorial, Carlisle Evening Herald. TRAINING THE INDIANS AN INTERESTING document, which gives encouraging infor- mation as to the advancement of the ab- original race in the United States is the recently issued report of Superintend' ent Friedman, of the United States Indian School at Carlisle, Pa. Th>s report shows that the Indian peoplear® making gratifying progress; that they are being educated; are more industry ous; lean less on the Government; exer cise more independence of thought and action, and are rapidly becoming pr°P" erty owners.” Certainly such a general summing-up of the case must be very gratifying to everyone desirous of seeing the Indians advance. And there are many concrete facts which go to prove that the Superintendent is not unduly optimistic. He points out the practice character of the education imparted a1 the Carlisle School, which is adapt®** to the real needs of the American In"1' ans and thus serves not only to make them exponents of a higher civilizatl°n but to equip them for self-helpfulnes5' During the year covered by the re" port the total enrollment of student* was 1,083, with an average attendance of 971^. The average age of t*1® boys was 19 years and of the girls 1 years. There were no epidemics, an the general good health of the students was never better. The practical tram ing given is indicated by an enumer ation of the various branches taugt11. La which include about everything m 10 way of useful trades and occupati°nSj even telegraphy having been added 0 late, while the records show what the students accomplished. For one tb*M*j® February >>t cr TheKedMan Jill. ..rtlhk. jlfelK^tllh.-.ilibi.^tlllli..^ifi>i...ililli. ^il&c-..illlii..^i!flii..iiillli.......III! they turned out from the various shops and industries of the school products Worth $77,466, although this did not uiclude a large amount of work in the "ay of washing, preparation of food, Care °f the kitchens and dormitories, and in the discharge of other duties. The arrangement permits students a!so t0 earn money under the “Outing Sys- tem, thus getting invaluable lessons ln practical efforts at self-support. The report covers every phase of the Work at Carlisle, and leaves no doubt •hat the institution is doing its full duty 111 a>ding to solve the “Indian prob- em. —Rochester Times. caring for the *ndian Superintendent m. Fried- man of the Government School 0r Indians at Carlisle, Pa., than whom w are better qualified to speak on e subject, declares that there is a “ty incumbent on the Government 'n the matter of caring for the wards it as adopted which is not at present adequately performed. There is ur- need of a medical attendance !c‘i the Indians do not at present ‘1Ve and which they have no means securing. The Government has c°nfined the Indian tribes to certain restricted areas and is supposed to pro- k'de for ali tfigjr necessities. There has een a great failure in the matter of medical care. While the Indian was e*ding the natural out-door life of his raCe' he was healthy. When the white man undertook to govern him introduced many vices so that the of Ind lan no longer led the life that his ancestors were accustomed to, the race began to develop tuberculosis and other diseases to which the Indian in his free days had been a comparative stranger. In the matter of providing medical attendance for the Indians, there are many instances where but one doctor has been appointed to care for the health of a whole tribe. This means that the one man is called upon to cover hundreds and thousands of square miles—a thing manifestly im- possible for any doctor. Superintendent Friedman says that the Indian is now facing a critical pe- riod in his fight for health, and that unless the Government takes a serious stand in the matter of furnishing ade- quate medical care, the Indian that is supposed to be cared for by the Gov- ernment will soon be a weakling race. The present death rate among the In- dians is about 35 per 1,000, while among the whites it is but 15. The Indians have but little knowledge of the methods of fighting their most dangerous foe, tuberculosis, and this malady is making fearful inroads on the race, especially in those settlements where they are herded together under Government control. In fact, it would seem from the report of Mr. Friedman that the Indians under Government control are those who are not as well situated as the Indians who are freer from restraint and who live more nor- mal lives. Not only is the death rate among the Indians a high one, but the deaths from tuberculosis reach a per- centage of about 30, which is alto- gether too high for a people supposed to be under Government care. Ifft 262 tXXaS^JSTJ i Th b KedMam j liiiillu ..iiIIikJimiiIII........... ................. ................itllli. .................— l». February %s&rjesr** the Government compels the Indian to accept Government care, to abide by Government regulations, then the Government is equally bound to fur- nish adequate protection, not only in the matter of shelter and food, but in protection against disease and infec- tion.— Utica (N. Y.) Observer. MAKING INDIANS USEFUL THE movement to utilize educat- ed Indians for the uplift of their own people, which had its inception at Carlisle, seems to be meeting success. Superintendent Friedman of the Car- lisle school, announces that 48 gradu- ates and returned students have either received positions or promotions in the Government Indian Service during the past three months. Of the 5,000 em- ployees now handling the Indians’busi- ness, 291 are Carlisle graduates. '‘Those who have investigated,” de- clares Superintendent Friedman, “are absolutely convinced that the Indian problem will never be solved until the red men get into the Indian Service. It used to be held that the Indian was not the equal of the white man, and de- spite the fact that he passed the civil service, was placed in lower positions than the white man and few trusted places were given to him. But there has been a change. And to-day some of the most efficient men in the Indian Service came from Carlisle. Of the 291 in the Service from this place, their positions range from superintendents of schools, forest guards, and interpreters, to stenographers, chiefs of police, super- visors, and teachers. “During the past year a special ex amination has been held by the civ service commision and recently a blood of the Omaha tribe, Levi I>eve^ ing, who is a graduate of Carlisle, pass this examination and was appointed a superintendent among the Indians Oklahoma. “No one understands an Indian be1 ter than an Indian. When proper y trained they are good workers, l°ya' faithful and honest. The Indian Set' ice needs more of them. By helpin® to aid their people they grow stronger themselves. More responsible an well-trained Indians will give new i® petus to the Indian Service. We must remember that white men make faI ^ ures in official positions and scores ^ changes are made each year because inefficiency on that side. Let us. there^ fore, be patient and just with those ^ red skin in the Government’s empl°>'- The Superintendent’s position seen1® to be a logical one and there is g°° reason to believe that the utilization 0 the educated Indians in that kind ofser vice will not only be of advantage 10 them, but will help the Government to better perform its duties toward tn less intelligent members of the variouS tribes.—Exchange. THE Indians are coming into the'1 own. Of the 5,000 Government employees now handling the Indians business, nearly 300 are graduates the Indian School at Carlisle. ^a‘ They are engaged as school super"1' tendents, chiefs of police, supervisors- teachers, forest guards, stenographers- and interpreters.—Holyoke (M“sS- Telegram. ofThe Indian’s Gift. Anna Hauser, Cheyenne. NCE upon a time an Indian started on a long jour- ney, and as was the custom in those days he walked. The only thing which he carried was a large buf- falo robe. It was very hot, as it was in midsummer when he started on his journey. As he was nearing a river bank he saw a fox sit- ing there. When he reached the river he began to talk to the fox for quite a while, and then he again started on his journey. When he was quite a distance from the river he came to a large rock, and he began to talk to the rock. The rays of the sun were beating on the rock and the Indian thought he would give the robe to the rock as a present to protect it from the scorching rays of the summer sun. He gave the robe to the rock and he again resumed bis journey. He had not gone very far from the rock when he again met the same fox and began talking to him. In the distance could be seen black, heavy clouds and he knew that there was going to be a severe storm. He wished for his robe to protect him from the storm and be finally made up his mind to take it back from the rock. He told the fox to go after it and the fox did so. The rock was very unwilling to give up the present given to him by the In- dian. The fox took the robe in spite of the rock’s protests and carried it to the Indian. The Indian could see off in the distance that something black was coming. He thought it was a cloud and did not hurry but took his time. The next time he looked back he saw that it was the rock which was following him. He looked around for a hiding place and saw a cave where the fox lived. He ran into the hole, but it was too late as the rock had seen him. The rock rolled up to the mouth °f the cave and the man was suffocated. This should teach us a lesson that whatever we give away we should not take back and be “an Indian giver," as they say.t <@rabuates anb JUturneb g>tub£ttts ' |"'HE Unhed States Congress is made up of hard-headed and far-sighted business *■ men. Generalizations relative to Indian education are not accepted as facts, and the Congress insists on individual records to prove the value of Indian Schools. The Carlisle School has long felt the justice of this demand and has met it. Superintendent Friedman considers this matter one of the most important with -which he is charged, and each year writes thousands of letters of good cheer and encouragement to the former students. Large numbers are found employment, and larger numbers are returning to visit their Alma Mater each year. What splendid achievements in civilization, and remarkable progress toward the best in citizenship, is breathed in the spirit and story of these lettersl In a letter to Superintendent Friedman, Solomon Moses, who has been located at Roanoke, Va., for some years, says: “I am getting along finely. I have been in two public debates during the year; won the first unanimously, but lost the second. I also coached a football team which won the cham- pionship of the city. We lost only one game during the season, that was to Lynch- burg.” tfin W Mabel Logan writes from Irving, N, Y., that she is doing housework in a good home. She wishes to be remembered to her former classmates. a*:-, w ■W/ ~ Through a letter we learn that Bessie Waggoner, who was one of the most active Y. W. C. A. workers while at Carlisle, is now engaged in the same kind of work at her home in Emerson, Neb. She has organ- ized a junior class, and she has been requested to organize a Camp-Fire Association. Andrew Knife, who left Carlisle four- teen years ago, says in a letter to Mr. Friedman: “I feel sorry that I did not get enough education to get along better, but I do the best I can and have made a £°°d living ever since I left Carlisle.” Mr. Knife is at the Oglala Boarding School, P'ne Ridge, S. Dak. ■'aw. w Cecelia Wheelock, who was recently appointed to a position in the Southern Ute School, at Ignacio, Colo., sends word to Superintendent Friedman that she finds her- self among very pleasant people and that the work is satisfactory. r Inez Brown, one of Carlisle’s graduate6 who was appointed to a position in the Government service in Arizona a s^or* time ago, writes that she has been promote to a position at Ft. Totten, N. Dak m-*- The Davenport, Iowa, Democrat, has th® following interesting story about °ne Carlisle’s graduates: “L, N, Gansworth of this city, suPer'n tendent of the Mt. Ida Presbyterian Sund»> school and head of the mechanical depat1 ment of the Linotype Composition Com^ February i tTheKedMan -Jk 265 'f »“oW.-0,r,ii!3fclii1.............-A.,.nil..................fcv^^rjcsrili P^y, knew the late Vice President Sherman Personally, Mr. Sherman was chairman of House Committee on Indian Affairs when Mr. Gansworth was attending Car- rie School. After the latter had graduated, j16 was foreman of the Carlisle School Print- ,ng Office for two years, and then, through Mr- Sherman’s friendship, secured a position Boonville, N. Y., in Mr. Sherman’s district. While there he came to know the ft>ture Vice President well, and he attests to ls genial nature and kindly and courteous treatment of all who knew him.” Mi> W VsT “ In a letter to the school, Mrs. Nellie honshield Elkface tells of two interesting babies, a little girl of two years, and a small b°y of three months. Mr. Elkface is a po- icetnan at the substation near Shields, N. Dak. ■aX w William Paisano was recently re-elected governor of hie tribe, the Pueblos. Mr. aisano is also postmaster at Casa Blanca, • Mex., and has lately been appointed to ^Present his people at Washington, D. C., In a business proposition connected with their land. He left for that city on the 1st February with his two interpreters, both ormer Carlisle students, Ulysses G. Paisano and Yamie Leeds. ■’■as. w_ r Nancv Samuel, formerly Nancy John, writes from Kooskia, Idaho, that she and “er husband are now living in a nice new home. zv> r We have recently heard of the marriage, last July, at Oelrichs, S. Dak., of Miss Ida Swallow, Class 1901, and Dr. Merdaman. before her marriage, Mrs. Merdaman who ^d held different positions in the Service, Was doing clerical work for her father, who °wns a large Btore in Oelrichs. JS-S. W- Sherman Jimerson, in a letter to the school, writes: “I am well and happy to see the New Year, and I thank Godforhisgood- nees. I send greetings to the boys and girls and hope they will meet with success. Car- lisle is certainly turning out smart, intelli- gent men and women. I would not have been in Youngstown, Ohio, now if I hadn’t gotten a start at Carlisle.” w. Thomas T. Saul, ’09, and Thomas Ashly Eagleman, ’08, send greetings from Cham- berlain, S. Dafc. Both report good success in living up to their respective mottos "On- ward” and “Excelsior.” J. William Ettawageshik, Class ’11, is now assistant editor of The Outlook, a paper published at Onoway, Mich. saw -W- UV r Daniel Sleeping Bear writes from Hays, Mont., as follows: “I’m all right and mak- ing my own living. I have no ranch yet, —I just own a little place to live on. I am trying to make use of what I learned at Car- lisle and feel that I am making good. I have sixty head of horses and a few head of cattle. ” In a delightful letter from Louis Run- nels we learn that he is in school at Keller, Wash. Louis says in part.- “1 feel that I have accomplished something since I left Carlisle, and this year I hope to do better than before. I find that when a man’s rep- utation is good he can get help anywhere, no matter whether he has money or not. If he be honest and willing to work, there is no reason why he shouldn’t succeed. 1 trust the Class of 1913 will appreciate the importance and value of beginning right Some realize that only through experience, and then oftentimes it is too late. From his home near Cherry Creek, S. Dak., James Browndog writes howr he re- joices over the victories of the football boys. He says in part: “When the boys give the warwhoop they are sure to win great honors. I wish I were back at the dear old school. I am in good health and working on the ranch.”Field Trip Shows Carlisle Indians Successful During the past summer Dr. James E. Johnson, of the Class of 1901, who is suc- cessfully practicing his profession of dentistry in San Juan, Porto Rico, made a tour of the United States in his automobile. While on this trip he met many of the former students of the Carlisle Indian School, and since his return to the island, he has written a letter to the Superintendent giving some of the most important facts concerning them. Dr. Johnson made an enviable record as a student, having been elected, while here, a mem- ber of the All-American football team. Later on, he worked his way through col- lege, and he has been very successful in his profession ever since. He is married to a graduate of the school. Dr. Johnson writes: “While in Gresham, Wis., we saw Sam and Artie Miller, Philip Tousey, and Bessie Peters. Sam is teach- ing school at Keshena, Wis., and Artie and Philip were working in a mill. Bessie had just come home for her vacation after teach- ing in the West through the winter. “The very night we arrived in Witten- berg, Wis., the fire bell rang and upon go- ing to see where it was, I found it was at the home of Will Palladean, an ex-student of Carlisle who has a nice modem home there. The fire company succeeded in ex- tinguishing the fire before much damage was done. We were in Wittenberg three weeks and before we left the insurance company had already paid Will for his loss and he had his home almost repaired. “Abbie Jane Doxtator Schuyler is also living in Wittenberg with her husband and four children. Her husband is a carpenter and a hard-working man. He has the rep- utation there among his white friends of being able to do the work of two men in the time of one other man. “In Chicago we visited Juliette Smith Two Axe. She has two fine babies now and they are getting along nicely. We also saw Charles Roberts, a graduate of Carlisle, and an ex-football and baseball player. He is married and has a fine job as foreman in a large paper-box establish" ment on Dearborn Street, Chicago. Charles has not lost any of his old-time generous hearted ness, which was demonstrated »1 his telling us he had adopted (before 1>|S marriage) a little chap about two years oMt whose mother had died and whose fathef was a worthless man. He said he took h"* down to one of the big stores and fitte him out with a whole new outfit of clothes, and there being a game of baseball that same Saturday afternoon, he took him ou* to see the ball game. He thinks as muC'1 of the little fellow as if he were his own He has had him now three years. Wh*® we told Charley we expected to visit Carhse on our return trip he asked to be rente10' bered to all his old acquaintances *n teachers. “A couple of days ago, Paul Sequi, P°r,° Rican and ex-student of Carlisle, return* to his native island after seven years’absence. He is married and is the manager for Bar*®" lome Sequi & Son, funeral directors, W'1 officers in San Juan and Ponce. “Manual (Emanuel) Ruiz Rexach, of1 ® Class of 1905 of Carlisle, has been recently and has a job as clerk in the clT service in San Juan, P. R. Also Antonljj Rodriguez of the same class has a good J° as internal revenue collector on the island- “Henry (Enrique) Urrutia, ex-student o Carlisle, is married. Henry passed the e* • u PofW amination for first lieutenant in the r ^ Rican Regiment and is now stationed * Henry Barracks, at Cayey, P. R- Rivera and Maria Santaella of Class ^ Carlisle, are employed as teachers by Department of Education. So much 0 graduates and ex-students. “I am going to move my office * where I have been for just four years to new modem Royal Bank of Canada B111 ing, which will be completed by FebruaD 1, 1913."in: The Highest Point of Achievement of Yesterday is the Starting Point of To-day. Motto of the Paulist Fathers.CarMe 3tibtan ikfjool Carlisle, ^ennsptoanta fW. Jfriebman, feuperintenbent HISTORY The School was founded in 1879, and is supported by the Federal Govern- ment. First specific appropriation made by Congress July 31, 1883. PRESENT PLANT The present equipment consists of 49 buildings and 311 acres of lan“' The equipment is modern and complete. TRADES Practical instruction is given in farming, dairying, horticulture, dressmaking cooking, laundering, housekeeping, and in TWENTY trades. ACADEMIC There is a carefully graded school, including courses in agriculture, teaching, stenography, business practice, telegraphy, and industrial art. OUTING SYSTEM This affords an extended residence in carefully selected families, with in- struction in public schools, sewing, housekeeping, and practice at their trades- Students earn regular wages and at present have about $40,000 to their credit in bank drawing interest. PURPOSE To train Indians as teachers, home makers, mechanics and industrial leaders either among their own people or in competition with the whites. Faculty____________________________________________________________________________ 79 Enrollment for fiscal year 1912___________________________________________ 1.031 Returned students and graduates............................................ 5,616 RESULTS Graduates and returned students are leaders and teachers among their people 291 with the Government as Supervisors, Superintendents, Teachers, etc., in Government schools. Remainder are good home makers, successful in busi- ness, the professions, and the industries.