XEBHSSSHCHSBQi HatiUf matobo BtenMs OT the kind you will see at most of the socalled “Indian” stores, but the best thing there is in the way of this inimitable production of the Navaho squaw; the finest weaves, the cleanest wool, the most artistic color combinations, the most sym- bolic patterns, and never a blanket made up with Cotton Warp. €It takes much special attention and careful inspection to assemble a line of these goods like ours, but we do not care to encourage these Indians to make anything but the best handicraft. «We have these goods in a large variety of patterns and combinations —the grey and black, the white, grey and black and the more conspicuous colors, bright red and Indian red. II We will be glad to quote prices or to give any other information. Write Hnfoian (grafts ©fpt. Carlisle jgnfiiatt &tl)ool ____ IfL THIS BORDER IS AN ORIC.1NAL ONE-MADE BY A STUDENT OF OUR NAT1VK INDIAN ART DEPARTMENTA magazine not only about Indians, but mainly by Indiansiii	i>i CONTENTS: The Debts of the Public Schools to the Special School—By M. Friedman -	-	- Athletics at the Carlisle Indian School —By Glenn S. Warner - -	- Indian Legends, Stories, Customs —By Students of the Carlisle School	-	- An Indian School from a Frenchman’s Viewpoint 22 Prevention of Preventable Diseases —By F. Shoemaker, M. D.	-	- - 23 Teaching Horticulture and Landscape Gardening —By R. H. Hoffmann	-	-	- 30 Sketch of a Prominent Indian Educational Institu- tion— The Watchword - - - - 35 News Notes Regarding School Matters - - 43 Official Changes in the Indian Service Made During the Month of January	-	.47 (ITHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN is a production of the Carlisle Indian Press, a department of the United States Indian Industrial School, located at Carlisle, Pennsylvania. The mechanical work and all the art work is executed by Indian students of the school. <1 This publication aims to place before its readers authentic reports from experienced men and women in the field, or investigators not connected with the government service, which may aid the reader to a fuller understanding and broader knowledge of the Indian, his Customs, Education, Progress, and relation to the government; consequently, the institution does not hold itself responsible for, and need not necessarily agree with, the opinions expressed in its columns. fl All communications regarding subscriptions and other subjects relating to this publi- cation should be addressed directly to The Indian Craftsman, United States Indian School, Carlisle, Pennsylvania. <1 No advertisements will be published in this magazine which are foreign to the immediate interests of the school. Subscriptions will be received with the understanding that one volume will cost One Dollar. Ten numbers will probably constitute a volume. Usually no back numbers. (Application made (or entry as second-class matter, Carlisle postoflk?.)The Debt of The Public Schools to The Special School: By M. Friedman UBLIC schools in the United States are widely noted for the excellence of the instruction given in them, and American methods and courses of study are studiously considered throughout the world. Near- ly every foreign country has at some time sent its ablest educators to investigate the things which we are doing. Many such men have come from England, who are prominent in the councils of that country; others are regularly being sent from the Continent, and the Nations of the Orient eagerly seize on our sys- tems of instruction and organization. This enviable reputation which the American public school system has abroad, can be traced to certain peculiar conditions which obtain in our own country and before going further I wish to em- phasize some pertinent reasons for this success. In the first place, there is a consuming desire on the part of the American people to educate their children. Free education is the very soul of our institutions. It makes possible our form of political life, and certainly is at the bottom of the wonderful pros- perity which has reigned over this nation for so many years. The American is like the Scotchman, no sacrifice being too much in or- der that he may send his child to school. I believe it is generally conceded that the public “free school” was born in America. It was that noted educator, humanitarian and ecclesiast, Eliot, who, about the year 1675, was instrumental in open- ing the first “grammar school” in the state of Massachusetts. The spirit of free institutions must have been in his blood, because it was he, also who suggested the Sunday School. Since that time our school system has had a healthy and consistent growth, until today no effort is thought too great, nor any expenditure too large for its support. Even the Indian tribes are rapidly awakening to the need of edu- cating themselves and their children in the lore of books and in the ways of the white man. Many of those engaged in Indian education recall how, not very many years ago, the children of these Indian parents had to be almost forced into school. Neither children nor parents recognized the necessity of education. Gradually condi- tions have changed, and the same earnest desire to educate and train their children is being manifested by hundreds of these noble red4 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS men who once roamed unhampered over the broad plains and forests of the United States. The lesson is particularly brought home to us right here at Carlisle. In the early days of its history, agents and solicitors had to be sent to every reservation in the West, and much difficulty was encountered in winning the consent of parents for the sending away to school of their children. This last year, without the need of sending a single solicitor out in the West, the Carlisle school has filled up to the limits of its capacity. Never before in the history of this institution has there been brought together such a magnifi- cent body of students, and I believe the facts will bear me out in say- ing that it is the most mature and purposeful student body that has ever been gathered together at any school in the history of Indian education. In the second place, the success of our school system has been materially helped by the excellence of the homes which the Ameri- can people have built to house their schools. There has been no limit to the amount of money spent. Local communities will limit expenditures for other purposes, but little difficulty is encountered in obtaining bond-issues for the erection of costly buildings, to which the residents point with pride. In fact, sometimes in our in- ordinate desire to have an ornate building,other necessities have been overlooked. In these buildings we find plenty of space and light, fine heating and ventilating systems, and the best of equipment. Their erection has developed to such an extent that a special study is now made by the best architects of school architecture. It is a real pleasure for the teacher to teach and a delight for the student to learn in these cheerful, pleasantly located and excellently construct- ed buildings. Thirdly, foreign educators have come to grant recognition to the American schools because of the well balanced courses of study which have been introduced. Each year this has been given more atten- tion by American teachers and educators. As time goes on there has been an infusion into the curriculum of common sense—and still more common sense. The useless has been lopped off. Interest has been stimulated in the school work by the elimination of much routine drudgery which in former years took up so much of the stu- dent’s time. The courses in English, language study, history, etc., have been simplified. The student is actually learning during the first year of his school life. The study of mathematics has beenTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 5 rationalized; elementary science is taught hy the laboratory method, and text books are being used more and more as a reference only. New studies have been introduced. Manual training has a firm hold and is an important factor in developing the motor activities and teaching the dignity and the value of toil. However, much yet remains to be done in adapting our courses of study in the grammar schools to the ninety per cent, of boys and girls who will never attend high schools and colleges. Our school work must be arranged so that this large majority will have a somewhat rounded education, even though it is of an elementary character. Finally, after giving due credit to the spirit of education which has taken hold throughout the land, to the excellence of our school buildings, and to the comprehensiveness of courses of study, it must be admitted that the success of American schools has depended upon our school teachers. This profession has grown to be one of the most potent influences in moulding lives and characters and in educating the children of the American people. Whereas, in former years, it was thought sufficient for a school teacher to be able to read and write and cipher a little, today school boards are demanding a preparation and training which it takes years to master on the part of applicants. Normal schools for the professional education and training of teachers have sprung up by the score. The teaching force in our public schools is made up of men and women who have spent years in study and who represent the highest type of the American. If the public school is the bulwark of the American republic, the American school teacher is the essence and substance of the American school. Unconsciously they are the formers of public opinion, because they monopolize the lives of our children when these young people are in the formative period of their lives. It must give cause for congratulation on the part of the teaching profession that their services are being valued more and more as the years go by. The healthy evidence of this appreciation is made manifest by the fact that gradually the teaching profession is being placed on a basis of remuneration to the teachers which the character of their training and the value of the services which they render would justify. Our school system has been rightly made mention of abroad by the specialists who have from time to time visited this field and examined our work; but an examination of the reports which these6 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS men send out strengthens our belief that although the general school system comes in for great praise, it is the “special” schools that re- ceive constant attention by experts in educational matters. Many of these private and so-called semi-public institutions have carried certain experiments to a healthy end. They have had the money, special opportunities, the equipment, and the instructors for this work. In all parts of the country these schools have sprung up, from each of which a valuable lesson of some kind can be learned. Mrs. Jane Adams, at Chicago, in a quiet way is conducting a tremendous educational movement in the Hull House. The socialistic experiments which she is carrying on are destined to work vast improvements in the lives of the common people of Chicago, and of other cities. This labor in the slums of a great city is a most potent factor in preventing illiteracy among thousands who cannot otherwise be reached. It does not take the place of a public school, but it works in conjunction with the public school. By carrying the work of the public school a little further and instilling into it certain common sense elements, a little handicraft, some moral teaching, and by adding a touch of human sympathy, great interest is stimulated. If we would quickly move to the State of New York and enter the Elmira State Reformatory, we can see how in that place, young men, who have been led astray and were consequently brought be- fore the bar of justice because of criminal acts, are taught self- control, and the love of work. Here learning is substituted for ignorance,—industry for indolence. These wayward young men are carefully and persistently led out of the darkness which has clouded their lives into an arena of light, where it becomes a pleasure to live, and to be upright and manly. Another great lesson which we can learn in that place is that corporal punishment has been abolished. This is not unique to Elmira, but in practically every large school of its kind, and in other special types of schools which have made a pronounced success, this relic of “ye olden times" has given way to more sensible methods and rational treatment. If it has been found wise to abolish this mode of punishment in a penal institution; if its continuation has been found unwise in scores of other institu- tions throughout the length and breadth of the land which dealTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 7 with all classes of people; if some of our best governed cities have deemed it essential to supplant the rod, then it would seem high time that it be universally abolished, and that our children be led and guided by a knowledge of right on their part, and a knowl- edge of the best methods of discipline on the part of teachers every- where. In the same State, we can go to Freeville, where the George Junior Republic which, though woefully lacking in organization, is yet offering to the world in the idea of the “Republic,” the need of individual contact, and the urgent necessity of a bond of sympa- thy between teacher and student! Then, too, how valuable is the way in which it is brought home to us that no effort is too great which tends to stir up individual independence and self-initiative on the part of the pupil. Now, if you will go with me to some of the larger cities,—to New York, and Philadelphia, for example—and enter the spacious buildings of Pratt Institute, or of Drexel Institute, the magnificent work which they are doing will be found one of the most impres- sive sights, and one of the grandest examples of efficiently man- aged school work. Education in these places has become a busi- ness. No expense is spared in order to obtain thorough results and to insure efficiency. The trained mechanics, teachers, and professional men and women who are sent out from this type of school make themselves felt from one end ot the nation to the other. Before closing, mention might be made of a number of board- ing schools which are scattered throughout the country and some of which have for long forced themselves upon the thought of thinking Americans. Right here, at Carlisle we have a type of such a school, of which not only the great State of Pennsylvania is proud, but the whole nation as well. Here the whole boy and girl is trained,—head, hand and heart each receiving their share of attention. These young people at the Carlisle School are equipped so that they can go forth to battle successfully with the many draw- backs and temptations of the reservation; or if they desire to remain in the teeming civilization of the Fast, to successfully compete with the trained white men and women who have not only had an edu- cation, but years of ancestry to help them out. Our students are trained, not only trained for life, but “in life”. The methods are worth examining which, when applied in the edu-8 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS cation of the Sioux, the Apache, the Pawnee, the Nez Perce, the Alaskan, and the members of half a hundred other tribes of our red men, without disturbing or detracting from the native honesty, courage and dignity which these people have inherited, graft on them the ways of civilization, a good education, a knowledge of business and of some trade, and a high sense of right. If you will go a little further South to historic Hampton Roads, you can see there how a type of the boarding school is gradually solving the Negro question. All through the South, schools have been established such as the one at Tuskegee, which are outgrowths of the mother institution in Virginia. General Armstrong, the founder of Hampton Institute, applied his wonderful personality most effectively to the education of a whole race. These schools are founded on the gospel of work, and students are taught the need of service. Although all of these types of schools which I have mentioned have had a small beginning, the grand things they hoped for and the methods they adopted have made them grow year after year un- til they have become of tremendous influence in world-wide educa- tion. American public schools are recognizing that the compelling need of our boys and girls now is to prepare them for the time when they will be thrown upon their own resources, and will be face to face with the great problem of self-support. Our schools are fast measuring up to these demands and are grasping the opportunity which is thrown in their way of rendering greater service, not only in matters educational, but in helping to solve many of the vexa- tious questions which confront our nation. After all, the teacher constitutes the last Court of Appeal. The young lives which are intrusted to your care can be made or unmade in the schools which you conduct. Their future worth as citizens of this Republic depends upon the ability and tact with which you handle them. II is to the initiated, a self evident fact that for the thoroughly successful teacher there is but one standard: he must be an an- gel for temper, a demon for discipline, a chameleon for adapta- tion, a diplomat for tact, an optimist for hope, and a hero for cour- age.—Meditations of an ex-School Committee Woman.Athletics at the Carlisle Indian School By Glenn S. Warner jHE consistently strong football teams which the Government Indian School at Carlisle, Pa., has turned out for the past ten years, and especially the remarkable record made by the Indians in the last two or three years has caused many to attribute this success to questionable methods of recruiting the team, when as a matter of fact the success of the Indians has been due to the rough, hardy outdoor life that the players have been inured to from the day they were born. In addition to this purely physical explanation, there is a psychological one: the Indians know that people regard them as an inferior race, unable to compete suc- cessfully in any line of endeavor with the white men, and as a result they are imbued with a fighting spirit, when pitted against their white brethren, that carries them a long way toward victory. So strong is this suspicion of some mysterious method of coach- ing in vogue at Carlisle that the Indian players, while they are work- ing at different occupations during the vacation, are often pumped by other players and rival coaches. The only facts they unearth are that at Carlisle there are fewer fingers in the pie, and that a general hard-work system is followed and that the Indians have been follow- ing the same consistent modus operandi for the last ten years. Up to last year the school had never had any eligibility rules, the school authorities believing that so long as a player remained a student here under the rules and regulations of the Indian Office, he / should not be debarred from playing on the school teams, but after the season of 1907, it was deemed wise to adopt, so far as practic- able, the same rules as are in vogue in most of the colleges, and since that year the football boys have been and will continue to be, limited to four years upon the first team. As a matter of fact very few ever play upon the team that long. As an illustration showing what good work Carlisle has done upon the football field attention is called to the fact that during the past ten years the Indians have defeated the strong University of Pennsylvania team five times, tied once and lost but four games, scor- ing a total of 113 points to 85 for Pennsylvania; and these figures seem all the more creditable when it is remembered that all of these games have been played upon Pennsylvania’s home grounds.10 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS Not only in football has Carlisle shown up well, but in track athletics and baseball, the school teams have been able to cope suc- cessfully with college teams and the Indians’ record in track ath- letics especially seems even more remarkable than upon the foot- ball field. It was in 1900 that Carlisle first had a track team, but such rap- id strides have been made in track and field athletics since that time that the school records now compare favorably with those of the best college and university teams, as an examination of the following records, showing by whom they were made, will show. 100 yards—10 seconds,...............................................Held by Benjamin Caswell. 220 yards—22 3-5 seconds,_____________________________Held by Frank Mt. Pleasant. 440 yards—50 seconds,..........................................Held by Frank Mt. Pleasant. 'A mile—2 minutes 2 3-5 seconds,............................Held by William Gardner. 1	mile—4 minutes 36 seconds,_______________________________Held by Eli Beardsley. 2	miles—10 minutes 8 seconds,..........................................Held by Walter Hunt. 120 yards hurdle—15 4-5 seconds,....................................Held by Archie Libby. 220 yards hurdle—26 seconds,..........................................Held by James Thorpe. High jump—6 feet,...........................................................Held by James Thorpe. Broad jump—23 feet 9 inches,...............................Held by Frank Mt. Pleasant. Putting 16-pound shot—40 feet, 1 inch, ..................... Held by James Thorpe. Throwing 16-pound hammer—136 feet, 8 inches, Held by Nickodemus Billy. Pole vault—11 feet,.................................................Held by Charles Mitchell. In addition to these records for the regular intercollegiate events, Lewis Tewanima holds the American record for running 10 miles indoors, his time being 54 min., 27 4-5 sec. Last season Carlisle won all dual meets participated in and won the Pennsylvania State Intercollegiate championship held at Harris- burg against teams from twelve colleges and universities, while Tewanima, Carlisle’s representative in the Olympic Marathon race at London, won honor for himself, the school and his race, by finishing ninth in a field of about fifty of the World’s greatest dis- tance runners. Another athletic honor which the school recently won was the Indians’ defeat last fall of the University of Pennsylvania in the first dual and cross country race in which Carlisle ever competed, three Indians being first to cross the finish line. In baseball Carlisle has not done as well as in other sports, but a creditable record has been made upon the diamond. Athletics at the school are financed by the receipts from theTHK INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 11 football games, the surplus being sufficient to equip and maintain the other branches of sport, thus making athletics at Carlisle self- supporting without charging students or employees admission to the games. In addition to doing this, several thousand dollars worth of permanent improvements have been made at the school by the Athletic Association, to say nothing about the sums expended for the moral and religious welfare and entertainment of the students. This financial success has not been due primarily to large gate receipts (since many colleges whose athletic associations have to call for subscriptions receive a larger income from athletics than does Carlisle) but to economic business management. It is customary at most of the colleges and universities with whom Carlisle has ath- letic relations to employ a graduate manager assisted by a book- keeper and stenographer, coaches and trainers for each branch of sport, all on good salaries in addition to the undergraduate mana- gers, while at Carlisle the managing, coaching and training is done by the athletic director with the help of a bookkeeper and assist- ance during the football season. While athletics at Carlisle are encouraged in a healthy manner, it is understood at all times that football, baseball and track sports must be considered secondary to school work, no more time being allowed for them than is devoted to general recreation for the stu- dents. The only concession given at Carlisle, not usually allowed at any big school, is the number of trips the teams are permitted to take; this is due to the fact that experience has proved to the school authorities at Carlisle that traveling and association with different college men in sports educates the Indians fully as much, if not more, than steady-grind school-work. It is an interesting fact that the members of the athletic teams at Carlisle are, as a rule, the best and brightest students, and those who have been graduated show that they are better able to fight the battles of life than those who passed up athletics. Not the least pleasing feature of Carlisle athletics is the fact that wherever the Indians appear their gentlemanly and sportsman- like conduct, both 011 and off the field of play, is almost invariably commented upon and this is one reason why Carlisle is welcomed as an opponent upon the athlelic fields of the best colleges both east and' west.The Athletic Quarters of the Carlisle Indian- SchoolPage 13 Not AvailablePage 14 Not AvailableTHE ART OF MAKING POTTERY Olga Reinken, Alaskan EUROPEAN pottery has received much attention, but it was not until recent years that the pottery made by the Ame- rinds has been given any attention. Pottery was invented about 2,698 years B. C., by an emperor of China by the name of Hoang-ti. It may have been made long before that by other people. Pottery does not exist among all tribes. Some tribes have no knowledge of it at all. Some modelled their pottery in basket forms, either right side up or right side down. Others modelled theirs in holes in the ground, or in their laps, and by coiling round and round slender ropes of clay. Some Amerinds made pottery inside of wicker forms, or on netting in a mould hole. While other pottery was freehand coil-made. The wheel-made pottery the Amerinds appear never to have known. The coil process is the highest development of the Amerinds’ skill in making pottery. Pottery is done by the women of all tribes. When the pottery is dry, the painting and decorating are done by means of a long string-like brush made of yucca fibre. Pottery is generally built on wicker trays so that in turning the pottery it is not injured. Sand is mixed with the clay in order to prevent it from crack- ing. The pottery of primitive races is known as soft pottery. Pottery requires very hot fire. Potters make their fire out of doors, so their pottery is burned in the open air. The Pueblos pile their ware up and cover it with hot coals. When the pottery comes in contact with the coal and sometimes fire, it becomes black. In the Mississippi Valley pottery is found in mounds and is supposed to have been made by the Mound Builders. The high-necked bottle is one of the well known shapes found n these mounds. The Amerinds of the Mississippi Valley made head-shaped vases, or death-masks. This was done by pressing soft clay on the features of a dead person. When the clay was dry it was removed.16 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS The Atlantic pottery is more rude and rare than that of the other regions. The pottery produced in the lower Mississippi Valley and the southwest regions presents the highest development. As one proceeds northward, both quality and quantity decrease am it increases in quality and quantity towards the south. The pottery area is fan-shaped, with Central America for the handle. This would indicate that the Mound Builders and the Pu- eblos acquired this art from Central America. Many attempts have been made to connect the Pueblos with the Mound Builders, but no good evidence has as yet been obtained to this end. LEGEND OF THE BIG DIPPER Clarence Smith, Arapaho I USED to take great delight in listening to the stories told by my folks. Here is one which I can recall from memory, will tell it in my own words: Once upon a time there were six brothers who had a sister, who was the oldest. One day they were playing “tag.” The sister had scarcely been tagged when she was suddenly transformed into a real bear. The six brothers were terrified and fled toward the vil- lage, with the bear in close pursuit. The bear entered the village, killing the people as she went along. The warriors made an at- tempt to kill her; they sent a shower of arrows and spears at her, but the weapons took no effect. They began to realize that noth- ing on earth could kill the bear. The whole village was thrown into confusion. The people took to the woods for refuge. A young man who had just returned from a hunting trip was puzzled when he approached the village. He did not see a human being about, nor smoke coming from any of the wigwams. It wa® like a desolate place, only the singing of birds and the rustling o leaves could be heard. He found the six brothers, and upon inquiring learned what had taken place. He looked into every wigwam only to find them deserted. He went into his lodge and smoked his pipe in honor of the Great Spirit. After praying to the Great Spirit he took his medicine from a box and began his search for the bear. He found her in the wigwam fast asleep. He put the root which he used as a medicine under her nose; this only stirred her anger and sheTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 17 took after him. He ran, with the bear in close pursuit; he reached the place where the brothers stood waiting, but he had no sooner reached the spot than he and the six brothers shot up toward the heavens as quick as a flash. The Great Spirit changed them into a group of seven stars. As for the bear, she followed them but landed toward the northern skies and was changed into a Great Dip- per, which can be seen to this day. A LEGEND OF THE POTTAWATOMI Elmira Jerome, Chippewa HE Pottawatomi Indians believe in two spirits, Kitchemanito, symbolizing the Great Spirit, and Matchemanito, the evil spirit. When Kitche- manito first made the world it was inhabited by a class of beings who looked like men, but who were perverse, ungrateful, wicked dogs, who would not even raise their eyes from the ground in Thanksgiving to the Great Spirit. Seeing this, Kitchemanito plunged the people and the earth into a great lake and drowned them all. But he afterward withdrew the earth and made a handsome young man. This man, being all alone, was very sad and lonely, so Kitche- manito sent him a sister to'cheer and comfort him. After a number of years this man had a dream which he re- lated to his sister. He told her that five suitors were to come to see her; but she was forbidden by the Great Spirit to even look up and smile at the first four, but the fifth one she could speak to. When the men appeared she acted as she had been told. The first one was Usama, or tobacco, but as he was rejected, he fell down and died. The second was Wapako, or pumpkin, and he met the same sad fate. The third, Eshkossimin, or melon, and the fourth, Kokees, or bean, were treated likewise and ended their lives. But when the lucky fifth, Mondamin, or maize, came along, she pulled aside her skin tapestry door and gave him a hearty reception. They were then married and from this union it is believed sprung the whole Indian race. Mondamin then buried the four unsuccessful suitors, and from their grave grew tobacco, melons of all descriptions, and18 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS beans. These they thought were sent to them by the Great Pirlt in order that they might have something to offer him as a gi t or their feasts and ceremonies. Also that they might have somet mg to put into their cooking kettles along with their meat. MY HOME PEOPLE Aaron Minthorn, Cayuse I LIVE in the northeastern part of the state of Oregon. My tribe is Cayuse and Nez Perce. The Nez Perces live in t e western part of Idaho. The size of this tribe is about 1,5 ■ The Nez Perce Indian reservation was thrown open some years ago. They have become citizens and own nice homes of their osvn, a few of them still cling to blankets, but these are few. The Cayuse tribe live in Oregon. The number of this tri e 1S very small. The language of the tribe has died out. It is never spoken among the people but the Nez Perce language is spo en in its place; a few words only are pronounced differently from w a they used to be.	, The Umatilla reservation, on which the Cay uses have allotte lands, is not a large reservation. The Umatilla tribe is mixed wit two others, Walla Wallas and Cayuses. Many years ago they ' fered in habits and lived separate from each other, along the Co uni bia River. The Cayuses claimed the tract of land where the Umatilla res ervation now is and also some north of it. According to the ear . traditions the Bannock Indians of Idaho once tried to drive t em off, but did not succeed. These Indians are advancing toward civi ization. Some cling to their old customs, which will soon be or gotten. On this reservation much farming is done and many 1US els of wheat to an acre are raised—as in other parts of the coun try. Some of the Indians farm their own land. These three tribes try to get ahead of each other in many re spects; for instance, if one of the tribe farms his land the other two tribes will do the same.View of Stone Crusher and Carlisle QuarryThe Boiler House at the Carlisle Indian SchoolAn Indian School From a French- man’s View-Point: UN I) HR the title of Indian Industrial School, the United States has organized at Carlisle, Pa., an educational institution for the Red man. Twelve hundred hoys and girls from the age of six to twenty years, w ho are recruited from the reservations or terri- tories reserved for the Indians by the agents of the school, receive there a general or professional education without cost to them. A recent regulation forbids the soliciting of students. During the past year the Indians have come to Carlisle without the necessity of sending a soliciting agent into the field. While the discipline is more rigid, being of a military character, than that of Hampton In- stitute, in principle the schools differ but little. One characteristic of the Indian School is the Outing System, whereby the students are placed in well chosen homes for a period of four months each year. The girls are engaged as house ^irls or domestics, and the boys are placed on farms and in shops to be taught farming and the trades. The persons who take students are required to sign an agreement whereby they pledge themselves to give the latter good treat- ment. send them to public school a certain number of days each week, to guide and watch their conduct as a parent would, and pay to the school for their benefit a stipulated wage. Two agents, called Outing Agents—one for the girls, the other for the boys—visit the pupils regularly and report on their condition, way of living, and the progress they are making. In this way the young I ndians come in close contact with the whites, learn the English language, and acquire, in a natural and practical manner, the habits of civilization. Unconsciously they learn how to make a living by the sweat of their brow, and in the end the value of money. Half of their earning is placed to their credit at interest in the school’s saving bank so that the greater number of these young people are in possession of a nice sum of money when they return to their homes. The other they may spend while at school as they choose. The Indian child manifests remarkable qualities; patience in execution; accute eyesight; threat power of observation; and skillfulness in nearly all handiwork. Carlisle aims to develop these qualities by ^Translated from an article descriptive of the Carlisle School in j work entitled. "Mcthodes Americaine*. Edu- cation Generale el Technique" by Omer Buyse. Conservateur du Musre provincial de I'Enseignement technique du Hainaut, Director de I’Ecole industrialle provinciate Miperienre, Charleroi.22 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS making the arts and crafts a predominating feature of the school. Carlisle has for one of her teachers, Miss DeCora, a professional artist, herself an Indian, who has enlightened the world as to the artistic aptitude of her race. Every department of rhe institution aims to give to the young Indians ambitions to rise, the courage and ability to make their way in the industries and trades. The pupils are in the class rooms a half day, and the other half is spent in the studio and shops. In the class rooms we see pupils occupied in studying the rudiments of education under the instruction of white women. It is a curious sight, these Indians of powerful jaw, savage eyes, angular faces crowned with a wealth of coarse rebellious hair, placed under the guidance of delicate white women who gently and inde- fatigablv. and by moral suasion, introduce into those broken natures the elements of learning. 1 he sight is a beautiful one, inspiring the most profound re- spect for these ladies and professors, living more or less in seclu- sion, who, with a devotion really sublime, set themselves the task of civilizing these primitive beings. A Carlisle Indian School Vista—Looking Past Larue Boys’ QuartersPrevention of Preventable Diseases: By F. Shoemaker, M. D. JSUBJECT which is of vast importance and which con- cerns us all is the matter of the prevention of dis- ease. It is now known that a great many of the \ best known and commonest diseases, and those which annually carry off the largest number of people, are wholly preventable diseases. It is due to the wonderful advances that have been made in recent years in the science of bacteriology that we have learned of the causation of the various infectious diseases and, once knowing the causes, it is but a natural seqence to determine the best means of their prevention. Typhoid fever, tuberculosis, small pox, pneumonia and, in fact, the whole list of communicable diseases can, with due regard to the ordinary laws of health and with a little thought and trouble upon our part, be largely prevented and untold misery averted. As individuals it is well known thatwe should keep ourselves in as good physical condition as possible in order to render ourselves better able to resist the invasion of disease-germs, and less suscepti- ble to diseased conditions in general. We should eat an abundance of wholesome and digestible food at regular intervals, which should be thoroughly masticated in order to render it more easy of diges- tion. A due regard should be paid to regular daily exercise and in the open air if possible. An abundance of fresh air both by day and by night is an absolute essential to the maintenance of good health. This can be readily had by a proper arrangement of the openings in the rooms we occupy without exposing ourselves to the disagreeable effects of draughts. The importance of the matter of ventilation and an abundant supply of fresh air, which is as necces- sary for the healthy as for the sick, cannot be too strongly emphasized specially in regard to our sleeping-rooms where most of us spend at least one-third of our lives. It matters not how cold the air is that we breathe so long as it is pure and our bed coverings are suf- ficent to maintain bodily warmth. One of the most important problems that has forced itself upon the attention of the scientific investigator and sanitarian in re- cent years is the relation of certain common and well known insects to disease. It is now known, thanks to the labors of the late Dr. Walter Reed of the U. S. Army Medical Corps, and his co-workers Doctors Carroll and Agramonte, that yellow fever, a disease which24 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS for centuries has been a scourge of the tropics, and occasionally of Northern cities as well, destroying many thousands of lives annually, could not exist without a certain species of the mosquito—the Stegomyia fasciata. In 1900, soon after the Spanish-American war, Dr. Reed and his associates made a series of remarkable experi- ments in Cuba which proved beyond a doubt that yellow fever was conveyed from man to man by the bite of the female Stegomyia mosquito. No successful experiments have since been made with any other kind of mosquito and the accepted belief today is that this is the only active agent concerned in the transmission of yellow fever. Malarial fever, which a few years ago was as much a mystery as cancer is today, is now known to be conveyed by the bite of another species of mosquito known as the Anopheles. It was not until a number of years after the discovery of the malarial parasite by Laveran, a French army surgeon, that Manson and Ross, Eng- lish investigators, and others, showed by experiments that the An- opheles mosquito is the sole means as yet known by which the malarial fevers can be transmitted to man. Knowing that the mosquito is responsible for the existence of these diseases in man it is only necessary in order to prevent their ravages to destroy, as far as possible, the disease-carrying mosqui- tos and their breeding places, and protect against their bite by thorough screening. The recent magnificent work of Col. Gorgas in the Panama canal region, practically ridding that section of yellow fever and malaria stands out as excellent proof of the truth of the above. The mosquito has also been accused of being the means of in- fecting the human body with a small hair-like worm known as the filaria, of which a great many kinds have been described. These filarial worms invade and live in great numbers in the lymphatic vessels and glands which they sometimes completely block, pro- ducing the unsightly and disfiguring disease known as elephantiasis. The very important part which the common house-fly, one of the most constant companions of man, plays in the causation of di- sease is now familiar to all. Typhoid fever is the best known exam- ple of the diseases that are transmitted by flies though tuberculosis is also frequently so conveyed. Some epidemics of Asiatic cholera have also been traced to this insect. In Egypt the eye disease knownTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 25 as trachoma is conveyed by a particular kind of fly, as is also the much dreaded sleeping sickness, or “African Lethargy” which has recently been thoroughly studied in Africa by the German commis- sion under the supervision of Prof. Koch. The specific cause of sleeping sickness is a small animal parasite, or protozoon, the try- panosome, which is conveyed by the bite of the Tsetse fly. This fly is a little larger than our common house-fly and has a large piercing proboscis with which it inocculates its victim with the parasite in much the same manner that the malarial mosquito does in causing malaria. The usual way in which flies convey disease is purely a mechanical one. They light upon filth and infected matter of all kinds which adheres to their feet and legs and, as they swarm in and about kitchens, restaurants and other places where food is prepared for the table, they light upon the food and contaminate it with the poisonous matter clinging to their feet. Exposed fruit and foods of various kinds in stores and markets are in the same way rendered unfit for food. It was largely in this way that typhoid fever was spread through the camps of the American army during the late war with Spain in 1898, when hundreds of young soldiers needlessly lost their lives. Besides the agency of flies there are, of course, many other well- known means of causing typhoid fever. The drinking of water which has been contaminated by infected sewage, polluted milk, oysters that have been found in sewage-contaminated water, and the washing of celery and other raw vegetables with infected water are all well-known ways of contracting this disease. So frequently is a polluted water supply the starting point of an epidemic of typhoid fever that the number of cases of the disease in a community has come to be considered an index of the purity of its water supply. Although the matter of purifying the water supply lies in the hands of the municipal authorities yet it is within the power of each indi- vidual household to render its drinking water absolutely safe by the simple expedient of boiling. The preventive measures as regards flies would be first, the de- struction of the insect and the prevention of, as far as possible, their breeding. As the house-fly, as a rule, breeds in and about stables and barnyards it is necessary that all stables should be kept clean and the refuse matter treated with chloride of lime which is effective26 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS and yet will not destroy its fertilizing properties, or sprinkle it once or twice a week with kerosene oil; second, decaying meat and spoiled foodstuffs of all kinds should also be promptly disposed of that they may not afford a breeding place for this insect; third, the thorough disinfection of infected sputum and excreta from the sick, and lastly, the exclusion of flies by screening from all kitchens, stores, markets, restaurants, and other places where food is exposed. This brings to our attention the important fact that screening our houses is not only a matter of comfort but a protection to our health as well. The flea is another well known, and at times, troublesome lit- tle pest that lives under the same stigma as the house-fly and mos- quito. It is a well established fact that this insect is largely re- sponsible for the spread of the dreaded bubonic plague or “black death” of India, and is harbored by another ever present but unwel- come guest the common house-rat. This little rodent is an espe- cial favorite of the plague-carrying flea and during epidemics dies by the thousands. 1 his flea also readily turns its attention to hu- man beings and, if it happens to be infected with the germ from having previously bitten an infected person or rat it inocculates its victim by its bite. This disease is not infrequently transported to distant ports by means of ships carrying plague-infected rats. It was in this way that it was lately introduced into San Francisco. Since May, 1907, there have been 159 cases and 77 deaths record- ed there but owing to a vigorous campaign that has been waged against it during the past year and a half by the U. S. M. H. Ser- vice the epidemic has been practically brought under control. This has been accomplished by an expenditure of nearly $400,000 and it is estimated that before the task has been entirely completed it will cost upwards of $800,000. Millions of rats have been killed in San Francisco and Oakland within the last year or so. Traps, poison and a certain virus (Danysz’s), which is harmless to people but produces in the rat a fatal disease similar to typhoid fever, have been the principal means used. Large sums of money have also been spent in destroying rat nests and runs and in making rat proof hundreds of bakeries, stables, restaurants, markets, etc. The im- portance of this work can be better appreciated when we consider that the plague, which is one of the oldest diseases known to man, has destroyed entire nations. In 1334 A. D., it swept from ChinaTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 27 to Norway and caused the death of 25,000,000 people. In 1665 it killed 70,000 people in London in a single summer and in India, since 1895, it carries off 400,000 people annually. The ground squirrel is also under suspicion as several cases of the plague have recently been traced to this source. There is reason to believe that certain other fleas as of the dog, cat and hog are sometimes concerned in the spread of leprosy. This has not been proven but is believed by many to be true. Bed- bugs, roaches, and ricks have also been thought to be occasionally responsible for the spread of lupus, tuberculosis, leprosy and other diseases. We cannot close a discussion of this kind without touching more or less briefly upon the subject of toxins, anitoxins and immunity, all of which have been so thoroughly studied by scien- tists throughout the world during the past few years. By immunity is meant an insusceptibility to disease which may be either natural or acquired. The white race has for centuries been afflicted with tuberculosis but is gradually becoming less sus- ceptible to it through the slow development of this condition known as immunity. It is well known that the Indian race, which it is be- lieved was free from tuberculosis prior to the advent of the whites, is still highly susceptible to this disease but, as time goes on, it, too, will probably gradually acquire somewhat the small degree of immunity to it that is seen in the white race. A toxin is a posion- ous substance produced in the blood by the growth of bacteria. This toxin produces in the blood in some mysterious way a substance which combats the action of the toxin itself and is known as an antitoxin. These antitoxins are formed in the blood serum during the course of all specific infectious diseases, such as typhoid fever and small pox, and when they have been formed in sufficient amount to completely neutralize the toxins present the disease comes to an end and is said to have run its course. Artificial antitoxins which are used by physicians both in the prevention and treatment of disease are obtained by injecting the toxin of the disease germs into perfectly healthy animals, usually the horse. These injections are made at frequent intervals in gradually increasing doses until the animal has reached a high degree of immunity and its blood is surcharged with the antitoxin. The animal is then bled into sterile containers and, after coagulation of28 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS the blood has taken place, the serum or liquid part of the blood which contains the antitoxin, is drawn off and made to conform to a certain standard for use. These antitoxins are introduced into the blood of the patient by hypodermic injection in sufficient doses to completely neutralize any toxins present. The action of an anti- toxin is a specific one, being only efficient against the same disease from which it was originally obtained. This method of treatment has been especially successful in diphtheria, having reduced the mortality from this dread disease during the past dozen years from 40 or 50 per cent to about 9 per cent, and practically robbed the disease of its horrors. It has also given excellent results, not only as a curative agent but also as a preventative, in such diseases as tetanous, bloodpoisoning, bubonic plague, cerebro-spinal menin- gitis, typhoid fever, etc. Many cases of tetanous or lockjaw after Fourth of July injuries are prevented every year by the timely use of antitoxin, while a few years ago this treatment was unheard of and many deaths followed. During the past year or two an anti- toxin has been in use in the English army in India for the pre- vention of typhoid fever with considerable success. Many in- vestigators, including such names as Koch, Behring, Yersin, Calamette, and Flexner and Welch in our own country, are constantly working in this field and it will not be surprising if, in a comparatively short time, the whole list of contagious diseases will be placed in the preventable column. For several years the creation of a National Department of Health has been urged by the American Medical Association and other medical bodies throughout the United States. Clauses favoring such a proposition were included this year in the platforms of both of the great political parties and it is hoped that, within a short time, its establishment may be accomplished. The county and city health boards should be directly under and responsible to the state boards and they, in turn, to the national department, and in this way every case of obscure or dangerous disease could be kept under scientific observation and control until its close. It is impos- sible to estimate the value to the nation of such a department of health. U nder its general direction the crusade which is being waged against tuberculosis could be carried on more successfully than it is at present. Under the proper federal authority this disease which it is estimated will cause the death of 8,000,000 of our people thatTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 29 are living today, can in time be surely stamped out of existence. The establishment of free laboratories for the scientific investigation of disease, free distribution of antitoxin, betterment of municipal milk supplies, examination of school children, extermination of flies and mosquitoes, purification of water supplies, and the general dissemi- nation of knowledge concerning the preservation of health could all come under the province of such a department. For years our government has spent vast sums of money in the investigation of di- seases of cattle, hogs, and other domestic animals, and the different parasitic diseases peculiar to the products of the soil. While this is useful and has great value is it not of more importance to protect its citizens from the ravages of disease? j—	y AN IROQUOIS LEGEND By William Bishop, Cayuga SEVEN little Iroquois boys were in the habitof taking their dish of succotash to the top of a hill near their wigwams. They would sit on the hill and eat their supper. When their succo- tash was eaten up their best singer would sing while the others danced around the mound. They came here every night and no other boys came with them. One night they planned to have a feast of soup. Each was to bring a piece of meat. They were to cook it on the hill and fill their clay bowls with the soup. But their parents would not give them any meat, and the boys had eaten nothing all day, but they took their empty bowls and had a mock feast. After this empty feast they filled their empty bowls and danced around the mound. Their heads and hearts were very light. They danced faster and faster than ever before; their feet left the ground and they were dancing in the air. The six boys danced around their leader, who was singing. Up, up, went the boys into the sky. Their parents ran there and called to them to come back. Whirl- ing, floating, dancing, they took their places in the sky where every- one may see them. But their leader was not content with being in the sky, so he stopped his singing and tried to return. Every once in a while he repeats the act and that is why his light is not so bright as the other six stars at times.Teaching of Horticulture and Land- scape Gardening: By R. H. Hoffmann RTICULTURE and landscape gardening is prac- tically a nature study. The Indian youths are by nature fond of the natural world and its laws, and gifted with a natural love of the beautiful. Conse- quently they are close observers and students of nature. With proper training we believe they can become efficient in this particular line of work. In the greenhouse they are eager to compare different species of plants with those of their native plants and flowers, growing per- haps in wild profusion on prairie and mountain side. In this they manifest more eagerness than most white children, who have come under my observation. The teachers of the different departments say it is marvelous what effect is produced by a promise of a visit to the greenhouse. New life and spirit are manifested in the school room after an hour of amusing and study with nature. The pupils of the Carlisle Indian School with proper training along the line of horticulture, we believe, will make a success of their efforts in this department. They are not afraid to experiment with an idea they may have gained in the study of plant life, consequently when they have been shown how in a lecture they are eager to apply their knowledge in a practical way. We believe that much can be accomplished through this department to elevate the character of the surroundings into which many of these children go when they return to reservation life. Our present equipment at Carlisle is rather small, and yet it is practically the only school in the service of Indian education with any kind of equipment for this department. In our small green- house we have raised about 20,000 bedding plants, geraniums, coleos, canas, etc. We have also several hot beds where the children have been taught to raise cabbage and tomato plants, lettuce, etc. Likewise under the supervision of the Agriculturist they have an opportuni- ty to further study this work in the gardening department. Chrys- anthemums and carnations are cultivated in large numbers, from which cut flowers are taken to adorn school and living rooms and the hospital wards. A number of decorative plants have beenTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 31 View of Section One, Carlisle Greenhouse raised—palms, and the like—which are artistically arranged by the pupils for public and social functions. Landscape gardening is taught in the beautifying of our ex- tensive school grounds. We have recently graded the lawn around the new Hospital, the boys having the opportunity of starting the work—plowing, grading, raking, rolling the lawn, sowing the seed, staking off driveways and walks, laying out flower beds in designs, planting of shrubbery and shade trees, sodding edges of walks, binding the crushed stone—and in fact, everything connected with landscape gardening. Many trees are set out on Arbor Day, a day set apart by State proclamation in Pennsylvania. The boys are taught pruning, trimming and fertilizing of the lawns and flower beds. In the spring time the campus is covered with tulips and crocuses. Thus is laid the foundation for beauti- fying home and its surroundings. A more practical side of our work for commercial purposes is the nursery, which has just been started. We have many fruit32 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN —BY INDIANS trees, California Privet hedge and hardy roses set in the nursery. Here the Indian youths are taught a useful and profitable side of the work, along with tlie aesthetic culture so much needed to give them proper conceptions of true home life. Even weeds are worth the while to study, not only as to how they may be destroyed, but also their uses for the culture of honey bee, etc. Emerson said: “Succory to match the sky, Columbine with horn of honey, scented fern, and agrimony, clover, catchfly, adder’s-tongue, and brier-roses, dwelt among.” But our own Whittier put the poetic touch upon some of the common flowers that have grown wild in our country when he sang: “Along the roadside, like flowers of gold, that tawny Incas for their gardens wrought, heavy with sunshine droops the golden-rod.” Why should not the practical as well as the beautiful be im- pressed upon these sons of the forest, who are by nature lovers of the life shown in the natural world? We contend therefore that there is no more important depart- ment for the education of the Native American than that of hor- Potted Plants Stored for WinterTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 33 ticulture. To show the results of this training I append an extract of a letter received from a boy, who having spent part of a year in the study of horticulture, has had an opportunity to apply his know- ledge through the Outing System. He savs: “I have transplanted a bed of strawberries and other house plants. I have also edged the lawn along th*> walks and driveways. Have prepared some flower beds, which 1 will fill with plants later on, thus putting into A Variety of Fi.owers in Section Two practice what I have been taught in the department of horticulture at the school. 1 shall go back again to this department when I re- turn to Carlisle in the fall.” With so large a field for useful and efficient service, we com- mend this study for wider and larger purposes among the young Indians.Superintendent’s Residence—Some Results of Landscape GardeningSketch of a Prominent Indian Educa- tional Institution: The Watchword *HEN the Carlisle Indian School is mentioned, many persons think of football. The Car- lisle Indians have a noted team, and those who think only of casualties of the game may readily understand why Indians should take naturally to football. But Car- lisle stands for a distinct method of making good Indians without gun powder. In the rich Cumberland Valley, nineteen miles from Harrisburg, is the old town of Carlisle. A chilly Novem- ber wind swept down from the Alleg- hanies as Editor Phillippi of the Teles- cope and the editor of the Watchword walked out to the Indian school, en- joying a handful of chestnuts, the real things from the trees of Pennsylvania ridges. (The other kind of chestnuts the editors generously give to their readers.) Entering the grounds, we were directed to the office by a young Indian, dressed in a blue uniform with narrow yellow strips on the shoulders and down the legs. Then we had a pleasant interview with the assistant superintendent and the superintendent of the “outing system,” which is a unique feature of the institution. The Carlisle plan is to take the In- dian from his tribal surroundings and place him in environment of civili- zation. Removed from influences which are immoral, degrading, sloven- ly, and tending towards shiftlessness, the young Indian is placed in contact with others of superior tribes, amid surroundings that exemplify civili- zation and inspire within him the possibility of useful citizenship. If I have read the history of Carlisle right, this plan of industrial education for the Indian had its origin with R. H. Pratt, captain of the Tenth Cavalry Regiment, and resulted from convictions that grew out of eight years’ service against the Indians in the Indian Territory. His regiment was composed of colored men. Captain Pratt’s experience with the two races, brought in touch with each other in his service against the Indians, led him to consider their relative condi- tions. The negro in two hundred years’ association with the Anglo- Saxons had gained their language, acquired much of their civilized modes of living, and had become, to a great extent, fitted for citizenship. The In- dian, originally no lower than the negro, is no better than when first found. He accounted for the ad- vancement of the negro on the grounds that he had been brought into close contact with civilization, and from the black savage was gradually trans- formed, and led to adopt civilized modes of living, and he could not but believe that the Indian might in the same way be civilized and made a self-supporting member of our society. This belief was strengthened by an experiment with Indian prisoners sent to Florida under Captain Pratt’s care. During the three years of their de- tention as prisoners he established schools among them and let them go out as laborers, and in every way possible placed them in contact with American life and civilization. Wonderful changes were wrought among them. At one time they pleaded to have their wives and children sent to them that they might remain East, but this would not be granted. Twenty-two of the young men. however, were permitted to re- main and were placed in schools at different places. In the fall of the same year. 1878, he was detailed to Dakota, whence he took forty-nine youths to Hampton. The results were36 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS excellent, but not wishing to intensify race prejudice by educating the Indian with the colored youth, he secured permission to open a school in the old military barracks at Carlisle. The school was opened November 1, 1879, with one hundred and forty seven pu- pils, and during its history it has had over 6,000 Indian youth under its care. At the present time there are 947 pu- pils with the institution, of whom 322 are in the country enjoying the advan- tages of the outing system. Before passing through the build- ings, let us inquire what the outing system is. It is a plan for putting the boys and girls in the homes of the people, there to learn to work and to acquire civilized ways. Pupils are not sent out until after at least one year in the school. Then the boy or girl who is to go out to work signs an agreement like the following: “I want to go out into the country. "If you will send me I promise to obey my employee, to keep all the rules of the school. “I will attend Sunday school and church regularly. “I will not absent myself from my farm home without permission of my employer and will not loaf about stores or elsewhere evenings or Sundays. “I will not make a practice of stay- ing for meals when I visit my friends. “I will not use tobacco nor any spirituous liquors in any form. “I will not play cards nor gamble and will save as much money as possible. “If out for the winter I will attend school regularly and will do my best to advance myself in my studies. “I will bathe regularly, write my home letter every month and do all that I can to please my employer, im- prove myself and make the best use of the chance given me.” You will agree that these are good rules for a young fellow away from home. The patrons who desire to take an Indian into the home must agree to help him to keep the rules, and must show that they do not use profanity or tobacco or intoxicants. All will admit that white boys would be better off if they should all be in homes where these things are for- bidden. The pupils go out in April or May and return in the fall, unless plans are made for their stay through the winter, when they must go to school at least one hundred days. So great is the demand for the In- dian boys and girls that more than twice as many applications for pupils as can be supplied are received. Their earnings amount to about $25,000 a year, one-half of which is at the dis- posal of the pupils under certain re- strictions. The Indian girls are in demand as servants in the homes. One lady who has had Indian help for nine years is so well pleased that she will have no other. While Doctor Phillipi and I were in the office of the outing super- intendent, he was called to the long distance ’phone to confer with Mrs. Senator Long, of Kansas, about In- dian help in her Washington home. The boys and girls must write a letter home once a month. These letters are first sent to the school authorities and by them forwarded to the parents or guardians. The super- intendent kindly read one boy’s letters, omitting, of course, his name and certain personal matters. The letter ran like this: "My Dear Mother—I received your letter, and I am greatly pleased to hear from you. I was beginning to worry, as I thought something had happened. Last night I was up until after ten o’clock looking at the election returns. Taft got elected. Perhaps times will get better. “I get along well at school. I am making a funnel and a coffee-pot. I will tell you more details later, as ITHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 37 only have a little time before school. My reports are good, I guess. I hope they are, at least. ‘ I close, sending love.” This boy is learning a trade which accounts for his statements about the funnel and the coffee-pot. A girl wrote of just starting to school and of how strange she felt to go when there were only white children. Think of the splendid opportunity these girls have to become good housekeepers, for the best house- keepers in the country may be found in these Pennsylvania homes. The boys are distributed in Penn- sylvania and New Jersey in the regions north of a line passing through Phila- delphia, and the girls in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland south oi that line. Last summer there were 285 boys and 200 girls out. Twenty years ago I had in a country congregation, near Tyrone, two In- dian boys from Carlisle. They were in good homes and were bright, in- dustrious young fellows. We were given a guide to show us through the school and shops. Cleve- land Schuyler was his name. He was fifteen years old and has been in the school for four years. He is an Oneida from Wisconsin. He led us through the academic building, with its many rooms for the different grades. The teachers, some Indians, some whites, were teaching the rudiments. “The chair is brown.” “The chair has four legs,” the little fellows were writing in one room. “Hattie if you had eleven apples and you gave away nine, how many would you have left?” was the problem the teacher was propounding in another room. ‘The birds have gone south.” “The food is scarce” appeared in the next room. “All look at your books,” said the teacher in another room, as she read about the Malay and brown people. “They sit on mats on the ground,” she read, and then added the comment, “Like the old Indians.” In a large hall were samples of pu- pils’ work. In one department pyro- graphy, designing, drawing, modeling and rug making were being taught. The library, with its magazines and perhaps 2,500 volumes, held some studious pupils. On the second floor were the more advanced grades. In the senior de- partment was the ’09 class banner with the motto, “Onward.” A commodious chapel accommo- dates the pupils. Here preaching service, attended by all who are not Catholics, is held every Sunday after- noon. On Sunday morning the boys attend church and Sunday school in the town churches, and on Sunday evening a Young People’s meeting is held. The Catholic pupils are under the supervision of the local priest. The Christian Associations hold meet- ings regularly. Prom the school we went through the shops, laundry, gymnasium, etc. Pupils spend part of the time in study and part in work at some trade. The shops are similar to those at Tuskegee and other industrial schools. I stopped in the harness-making shop to take a picture. Mr. Zeigler, the superintendent, was very kind in giving information. Here the boy is first taught how to make a wax end; the awl is explained and how to set it for making holes. He is shown how to sew, and is taught the names of the different parts. As he advances other tools are used. He is taught how to skive laps, punch buckle holes, prepare loop leather, fit up and tack the different parts together, and place the rings and buckles in proper places. He is taught how to cut out a complete set of harness and to do it most economically; how to dress and finish the product, putting it in marketable shape. Work benches surround the shop38 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS on all sides, with sewing horses, cutting and finishing tables, etc. After I had taken the picture I secured the names of the young men at work. There were David Wound- edeye, a Cheyenne, from Montana; Isaac Lyons, an Onondaga, from New York; Juanita Poncho, Ray Pedro, and John Corn, Pueblos, from New Mexico; Charles Whitedeer, a Sioux, from South Dakota; and Antonio Tillahash, a Piute, from Utah. In the school are represented seventy-seven tribes, from Florida to the Dakotas, from New York to Arizona, from Washington to Alaska. “Blessed is the boy who has found his trade and gets busy” is the motto found in one of the school rooms. Blessed is the institution which helps boys to find a trade and teaches them how to work and think and live. Before leaving the grounds I went to see the old guard house, a historic building of interest. While Editor Phillippi was accomplishing the diffi- cult task of photographing the girls in the laundry, I took a picture of the old substantial building that has been standing for more than a hun- dred and thirty years. This building has a history, which gives one an insight into the history of the place. It is called the “guard house;” sometimes Indians needing discipline are imprisoned in it. The dark walls, if they could talk, could tell a long story of similar service. It was built by the Hessian soldiers whom Washington had captured at the battle of Trenton in 1776, and sent to this place. Here Major Andre was detained. The Carlisle Barracks, now the scene of peaceful and elevating pursuits, was established in 1755 as an outpost against the Indians, and was originally granted rent free to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania by the Penn proprietors. In 1801 it was purchased by the United States. During the Revolutionary War the Barracks were used as a recruiting station and a place for the detention of prisoners of war. Of the buildings erected by Hessian prisoners captured at Trenton only the present guard- house remains. In the wars with England in 1812, with the Seminoles in Florida, 1836 to 1842; with Mexico, 1846 and 1847, the Barracks became an important rendezvous and a point of departure for the troops sent from this section. The buildings erected during the Revolution, and subse- quently, having become dilapidated, were repaired and rebuilt in 1836. These buildings remained until 1863, when they were burned by the Con- federates under Fitz Hugh Lee, on the night of July 1, just before the battle of Gettysburg. Rebuilt in 1865-’66, the Barracks were occupied as a cavalry school and depot until 1872, at which time the depot was transferred to St. Louis, and the place was practically unoccupied until it was turned over to the Interior De- partment for its present use. A Prairik Episode—Sketched by Carlisle Indians.VVai’skka. Captain Carlisle 1908 Kootball TeamPage 41 Not AvailablePage 42 Not AvailableTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 43 A MODEL PRINTING PLANT IT is thought by a great many mis- informed persons that the Ameri- can Indian is only fitted for the work and life of a tiller of the soil, or the open air existence led by the stock raiser. Whenever these aboriginies have been given the training, and the opportunity to apply their training they have effectively answered these argu- ments by making a success as mechanics and workers in the various crafts. By nature great imitators, these people show real ability in the handling of tools and in the execution of mechanical things. During the month of November, a new printing office building, which has been erected at this school, was first occupied by the instructor in printing and his apprentices. This building, which was carefully planned and has been most thoroughly equipped, will be described in detail in some subse- quent issue of the CRAFTSMAN, at which time, photographs of the interior will be shown. This note is written to indicate, in a general way, how the students of one school have taken to the “graphic arts,” and, by the work which they have ac- tually accomplished, demonstrate the wisdom of giving the Indian young man thorough instruction in the trades. From a report by the instructor in printing it is found that work valued at $2,494.00 was done during the seven months beginning in May and ending in November. The actual figures for each month are as follows: May, $452.75; June,$304.10; July, $220.50; August, $389.65; September, $384.00; October, $437.00; Novem- ber, $306.00. The Carlisle Indian Press is doing a large amount of job work for the Indian Office which was formerly executed by the magnificent Government Printing Office in Washington. This shop is now regularly printing the “Roster of Officers of the Indian Service,” and the "Routes to Indian Agencies and Schools.” Other work executed com- prises “Legislation Relating to Five Civilized Tribes,” “Regulations Gov- erning Examination and Appointment in the Indian Irrigation and Allot- ment Service;” “Reports of Agents of the Southwest,” and a large amount of smaller work. Recently this de- partment has taken up the task of printing a new monthly magazine, The Indian Craftsman, which it is intended to publish regularly from now on. It is remarkable how the young men in this and other departments take to work requiring skill of the hand. The quality of their product compares favorably, when they are properly trained, with that which is turned out by trained white mechanics. DOES EDUCATION PAY? CARLISLE’S graduates are hold- ing positions of trust in every part of the United States in both public and private life. Large num- bers are in the Indian Service as teach- ers in the academic or industrial branch- es, and are doing their share in the education of their own race. Letters which are received every day indi- cate that these young people—some of them grown to middle age in the service—are successful. During the past month, Mr. Alfred M. Venne, a Chippewa Indian and a graduate from this school with the class of 1904, has been appointed to the po- sition of disciplinarian at $900 per an- num at the Indian Agricultural school located at Chilocco, Oklahoma. This is one of the largest and best equipped schools in the service. As disciplin- arian at Chilocco Mr. Venne will have an opportunity not only to demonstrate his ability as an organizer and execu- tive, but because of the intimate relation- ship he will have with the boys, he can influence their lives as well.44 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION WORK AT CARLISLE THE wonderful growth in the United States during the past twenty years of the Young Men’s Christian Association has been due primarily, not to any advertisement on the part of the Association leaders, nor because of newspaper notices, pub- lic addresses or other propoganda, but rather because in the Young Men’s Christian Association there is the fun- damental principle of service. Build- ings have everywhere been erected in large towns and small, in universities, colleges and other institutions of learn- ing to accommodate this work. The Association brings young men togeth- er for social and intellectual advance- ment, but preeminently it is an organi- zation for teaching men to live better lives. It combines physical, mental and social training with moral training and the study of God’s Word in such a way, and at a time when young men are in most danger from temptation. There can be no question of the at- traction which this work has for Indian young men, and assuredly it is one of the most potent influences in forming their characters which we have at this school. For the past four years, the position of instructor in calisthenics and leader of the Y. M. C. A. has been held by Mr. Alfred M. Venne, a graduate in the class of 1904. On account of his transfer, which is men- tioned in another item, another man has been obtained. Mr. G. A. Crisp- in, the newly appointed instructor in physical training and secretary of the Y. M. C. A., comes to his duties with excellent preparation and valu- able experience. He is a graduate of the Springfield Y. M. C. A. Training School, which is generally conceded to be the finest training school for this particular work in the United States, and probably has the most thorough course of instruction in any school in the world. For the past year, Mr. Crispin has been assistant physical director in the Central Y. M. C. A. of Philadelphia, which has recently completed a $1,000,000 building for its work. May this organization, under the favorable conditions, take on a new lease of life, growing each day in in- fluence and lending a hand in the great movement which is now going on for a worldwide study of the Bible, to the end that men everywhere may lead better Christian lives. THE INDIAN AND THE WHITE PLAGUE ON account of the large death rate which has been going on for many years among the Indian tribes and has resulted, in many cases, in largely di- minishing their numbers, serious efforts are now being made by the Indian Office to check the spread of disease. A general warfare has been inaugurat- ed against all forms of uncleanhness and a strong effort is being made to in- stitute better sanitary conditions, clean- er housekeeping, and a more regular mode of life for the Indians on the reservations. An especial campaign is being carried on against the dread- ful scourge of tuberculosis. 1 he earn- est efforts which are being made by the present administration of Indian Affairs will undoubtedly ameliorate conditions and prevent what otherwise might have finally amounted to the annihilation of the race. The Carlisle School is making an effort to assist in this movement. 1 ° this end regular talks are being given to the students on the subject of gen- eral health and pamphlets are being prepared for distribution throughout the Service. The article on the Pre- vention of Diseases in this number of the Indian craftsman is the second of a series dealing with theTHE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 45 general questions of health and with the particular subject of the nature and prevention of tuberculosis. AGRICULTURE IN THE SCHOOL ROOM TH E department for the instruction in agriculture is now running full blast. We consider this one of the most important departments in connec- tion with the general work in agricul- ture. Too often the instruction in farm- ing becomes routine drudgery and is conducted on the basis of the perform- ance of a certain amount of manual toil by the students. A rational study of the “why and the wherefore” of the vari- ous steps in practice is absolutely essential to a perfect understanding of the subject. This work of instruction is being carried on in the second floor of a new addition which has been built to the school building. Two rooms are de- voted to the work. One is a class room equipped with desks and a large working table with running water for the instructor; another larger room with an abundance of light has been fitted up with eight double work benches for laboratory work. It is aimed to have this instruction prove of direct value rather than take the form of an unnecessary delving into higher scientific thought and theory. In the rear of these two rooms is a large U-Bar conservatory 12 x40 feet. Here actual work can be carried on and experiments watched from time to time in order that the students can reinforce the knowledge which they get from books by a knowledge of the things which are mentioned in the books. A thorough course is being evolved in this subject. Preparation is also being made for the addition of a specific course in poultry raising to make more effective the general work in poultry raising which is being done in connection with the fine equipment on the farm. The department has recently re- ceived a very fine collection of agri- cultural bulletins from the Department of Agriculture in Washington. There are twenty-four sets of 20 bulletins each. These will be bound into larger volumes for use as text books. CLEAN YARDS AND PRETTY GARDENS MUCH can be done toward instil- ling a knowledge of nature and an application of civic beauty in the Indian through the agency of the various schools on and off of the reser- vations, which are now attended by the younger generation of Indians. If the students are taught, not only to place a proper valuation on these things, but are given instruction and actual practice in obtaining results in landscape gardening, there can be no question of their putting these ideas and this training into practice when they get into their own homes:—at least there will be an incentive to do this. While at Carlisle, definite instruc- tion is given to the students in the care of the gardens and of the grounds. They are also thoroughly instructed in the general management of a green- house, and later on during the sum- mer months, get the experience of set- ting out the flowers and plants for the beautification of the campus. During their outing experience this training comes in very handily and definite ap- plication is made in taking care of the yards and lawns surrounding the homes of the patrons. Attention is called to the article on horticulture in this number of the mag- azine because we feel that this is a very important subject and should receive definite attention in Indian schools. A more finite knowledge of46 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS the subject, such as can only be obtain- ed by systematic study, would tend to improve the appearance of the homes whether off or on the reservation which are inhabited by the Indians. It is in such ways as this that the school can prove a beneficent influ- ence and actually accomplish some- thing worth while in improving In- dian life. OUR NEW DISCIPLINARIAN MR. FREDERICK KOCH has recently been appointed as dis- ciplinarian and commandant of cadets at the Carlisle School. Mr. Koch comes well prepared for the duties which he will assume. He was for seven years a commissioned officer in the Philippine Scouts where he had to deal in an executive way with a primitive people. He has also seen much service in the regular army of the United States and for the year previous to coming to Carlisle was as- signed for duty in connection with the New York State Military Academy, a large private military school which is located at Highland Falls, in that State. The position of disciplinarian at this school is a very important one, the duties are arduous and the possibilities for influencing the characters of our students great. We welcome Mr. Koch and wish him success. LAUNDRY REDECORATED THE entire interior of the laundry has just been painted, making this department a very cheerful one. I'hc Carlisle school laundry is the largest and undoubtedly the best equip- ped steam laundry in the Service, but in addition to affording our students a knowledge of machinery and machin- ery methods, it enables the school to accomplish an enormous amount of work which must regularly be done. Our students are given an opportunity, because of individual work, of becom- ing acquainted with the practical methods of washing and ironing by hand. Because of the thorough indi- vidual instruction given in this depart- ment, this school has been able to send out very thorough and competent laundresses. Of course this training is supplemented by the magnificent outing experience which our girls ob- tain in well regulated homes through- out this and other States. The school laundry turns out an average of 10,000 pieces per week. QUARRY AND CRUSHER ONE of the most useful industries in the school is the quarry. Thick strata of excellent lime- stone are found in several places on our own land. At present a very large and productive quarry is being oper- ated immediately to the south-east of the athletic field. Large building blocks and stone are quarried for gen- eral building purposes. A Climax Crusher is operated in connection with the quarry, being run by a 10-horse power motor, which furnishes broken stone for concrete work and cement pavements. During the past six months, about 2,500 perches of stone which was quarried was crushed by this apparatus. In this way hundreds of dollars have been saved to the Government and excellent training and experience is given to the students who work in this department. There are no indications of this supply of ex" cellent stone giving out, and for many years to come the school will reap the advantage of its presence. NO ADVERTISEMENTS The Indian Craftsman will take no advertisements to be published which are foreign to the immediate in- terests of the Carlisle Indian School.THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 47 OFFICIAL CHANGES IN SCHOOL EMPLOYEES—JANUARY, 1909 APPOINTMENTS. Daisy Grear, Teacher, Salem. 600. Mary Huffman, Cook. Yakima. 540. Mary L. Scbertz, Nurse. Osage. 600. Geo. T. Howell. Carpenter, Zuni, 720. Marie L. Pixley, Teacher, Osage, 600. Ellen E. Bonin, Cook, Port Shaw, 600. Lieu Barnhart, Cook, Wittenberg, 500. John M. Ege, Carpenter. Rosebud. 720. Lillie Gard, Cook, Warm Springs. 500. Harvey O. Power, Teacher, Crow, 720. Geo. T. Dott, Teacher. Cherokee, 720. Dale H. Reed. Teacher, Pine Ridge, 720. Norman W. Frost, Teacher, Haskell, 720. Agnes N. Paris, Teacher, Bismarck, 540. Maggie N. Reifel, Matron, Umatilla, 540. Jas. L. Howrey, Teacher, Jicarilla, 72 mo. Carrie R. Douglas. Matron, Yankton, 540. Mary C. Short, Matron, White Earth, 600. Claude W. Gillett. Teacher. Rosebud, 720. Pearl V. Henry. Matron, Port Bidwell, 500. Anna Mae St. Clair, Teacher, Haskell, 540. Prances M. Shultz, Seamstress, Tomah, 540. Louisa A. Wittenmyer, Nurse, Phoenix, 720. Ida M. Whitney, Asst. Matron. Haskell. 500. Edith M. Felten, Teacher, Southern Ute, 660. Minnie M. Dunigan, Teacher, Pipestone, 540. Victoria Pickle. Asst. Seamstress, Salem, 400. Ida M. Brown, Laundress, Colorado River. 600. Myrta A. Randolph, Teacher, Fort Totten, 540. Marion McLaughlin, Teacher, Pine Ridge, 720. Mary D. Maddren, Asst. Matron, Cbilocco, 600. Ralph A. Ward. Teacher. Kaibab. Utah. 70 mo. Martha A. Freeland. Asst. Matron. Puyallup. 500. Margaret Benjamin, Laundress, Fort Belknap. 500. Eleanor Clay, Asst. Matron, Truxton Canyon, 540. Sarah R. Hacklander, Teacher, Fort Bidwell, 600. Chas. D. Wagner, Industrial Teacher, Colville, 660. James Svoboda, Shoe and Harnessmaker, Salem, 720. Etta M. Welter, Seamstress. Sac and Fox, Okla., 450. Annie E. Hoffman, Seamstress, Riverside. Okla., 540. Percy W. Meredith, Industrial Teacher, Yakima, 600. Musette E. Morrison, Teacher, Sherman Institute. 600. Blanche Me A. Nicholson, Asst. Matron. Puyallup. 500. Chas. H. Moody. Industrial Teacher, Cantonment, 600. Sidney L. Caulkins, Industrial Teacher, Bismarck. 660. Ada Hubbard, Field Industrial Teacher, San Carlos, 50 mo. Samuel F. Huddelson. Industrial Teacher. Rice Station. 720. Jean C. Morgan. Kindergartner, Sac and Fox, Okla., 600. REINSTATEMENTS. Lucy J. Barlow, Teacher, Ponca, 600. Emily C. Shawk, Teacher. Carson. 600. Nellie L. Hamilton, Nurse. Rapid City. 600. Nettie H. Lewis, Housekeeper. Simnasho, 300. Mattie J. Boileau. Laundress. Pine Ridge. 500. David C. Taylor. Industrial Teacher. Seger. 600. Estella Armstrong. Asst. Matron, Fort Yuma. 520. M. Katharina Squires, Teacher, Albuquerque, 600. Laura B. Norton, Teacher, Walker River, 60 mo. Chas. S. Hagerman. Industrial Teacher. Fort Sill, 720. TRANSFERS. Louis Felix, Asst. Discip., Carlisle. 480, to Discip., Pima, 600. Lizzie A. Richards, Teacher. Carson, 600, to Teacher. Sia, 72 mo. Mabel Stark. Teacher. Rice Station. 600, to Teacher, Loepp, 660. Thomas M. Games. Supt.. Mesa Grande, 1000, to Supt.. Volcan. 1000. Prank R. Robitaille, Farmer, Osage. 720, to Fanner. Jicarilla, 600. S. A. M. Young. Supt., Chamberlain. 1600. to Supt.. Yakima. 1600. Flora G. Harser. Teacher, Volcan. 60 mo. to Teacher. Tohatchi, 660. Sallie Duvall, Asst. Matron, Haskell, 500, to Seamstress. Cherokee, 540. Frank Kyselka, Supt., Hoopa Valley. 1400. to Supt.. Cherokee, 1500. Loo A. Trott, Seamstress, Cherokee, 540, to Seamstress. Pine Ridge, 500. Wm. B. Shriver, Teacher. Leupp, 660 to Teacher, San Juan day. 84 mo. Walter A. Van Voorbis. Asst. Clerk, Puyallup, 900, to Supt., Fallon, 900. Enola G. Acord, Seamstress. Pryor Creek, 500, to Seam- stress, Genoa, 600. Anna B. O'Bryan. Matron, Southern Ute, 600, to Asst. Matron, Jicarilla, 500. Charles F. Coleman, Blacksmith. Moqui. 720, to Disci- plinarian, Moqui, 840. W. J. Coffin, Carpenter. Hayward. 600, to Carpenter, Lac du Flambeau, 600. Watson C. Randolph. Clerk, Standing Rock, 1200, to Supt., Wahpeton, 1200. Lewis M. Weaver, Add’l Farmer, San Carlos, 75 mo., to Supt., San Carlos. 1200. Chester C. Pidgeon, Teacher. Fort Totten. 72 mo., to Principal, Yakima, 1000. Ella S. Johnson, Matron and Seamstress, Pottawatomie. 600. to cook, Navajo, 600. Irma J. Douglas, Hospital Nurse, Cheyenne River Agency. 600. to Nurse, Navajo. 660. Eliza M. Wentenhall. Asst. Teacher, San Felipe, 48 mo., to Asst. Cook. Navajo, 500. Fanny L. Benavidez, Teacher, Sherman Institute, 600, to Teacher, Rice Station, 600. Jno. W. Drummond, Teacher, Pine Ridge, 720, to Principal, Lower Brule, 800. Mary F. Games, Financial Clerk, Mesa Grande 500, to Financial Clerk, Volcan, 500. Milton Boylan, Industrial Teacher, Jicarilla, 720, to Disciplinarian, Fort Moiave, 720. Arthur S. Voiles, Industrial Teacher, Rice Station, 720, to Industrial Teacher. Pawnee, 720. Gertrude M. Golden, Teacher. Cheyenne & Arapahoe, 660, to Teacher, Chilocco, 600. Mabelle G. Brooks, Teacher. Port Belknap boarding. 600, to Teacher, Fort Belknap day, 72 mo.48 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS APPOINTMENTS—Excbptbd Positions. Alberta Lons, Laundress, Otoe, 400. Ada Rice, Laundress, Klamath, 500. Annie G. Murie, Cook, Pawnee, 450. Julia Martin, Cook, Cross Lake, 420. Barney Howard, Baker, Phoenix, 540. Maggie Blodgett, Cook. Colville, S40. Robert Martin. Discip., San Juan, 720. Evelyn Toupin, Asst. Matron, Seger. 500. Mary M. Dodge, Teacher, Chilocco, 540. Lupe Leon. Asst. Cook, Albuquerque. 480. Alida Weeks, Housekeeper, Rosebud, 300. Louisa Crowley, Laundress, Umatilla, 480. Ira M. Ward. Housekeeper Kaibab, 30 mo. Mae E. Gillet, Housekeeper. Rosebud, 300. Wm. D. Smith, Stenographer, Puyallup, 600. Lottie George, Asst. Matron. Greenville, 480. Hazel Brewar. Housekeeper, Pine Ridge. 300. Josie B. Reed, Housekeeper, Pine Ridge, 300. Catherine R. Clark, Housekeeper, Sia, 30 mo. Canie Penney, Housekeeper. La Jolla, 30 mo. Pidelia Sowash. Housekeeper, Pine Ridge. 300. Emma J. Barrette. Seamtress, Pryor Creek, 500. Nathaniel P. White, Discip., Port Mojave, 720. Alice M. Bailey. Housekeeper. Pine Ridge. 300. Myra L. Shriver, Housekeeper, San Juan, 30 mo. Jessie L. Howrey, Housekeeper, Jicarilla, 30 mo. Sarah A. Myers. Housekeeper. Port Peck. 30 mo. Lillie Van Voorhis, Housekeeper, Pallon, 30 Mo. Felicia H. Julian, Housekeeper, Pine Ridge, 300. Mamie Sholtx, Housekeeper. Pt. Belknap, 30 mo. Dennison Powless, Discip., Lac du Flambeau,600. Nellie Hoff, Housekeeper, Cannon Ball day, 30 mo. Agnes One Elk. Housekeeper, Bullhead day, 30 mo. E. V. Dickson, Financial Clerk, Chamberlain, 780. Emma Randolph, Financial Clerk, Wahpeion, 600. Jas. Staples, Nightwatchman, Wild Rice River, 500. Lillian A. Miller. Laundress, Lac du Flambeau, 480. Stella A. McLaughlin. Housekeeper. Pine Ridge. 300. Milton Whiteman. Nightwatchman, Cantonment, 360. Jacob A. Fowles. Financial Clerk, Canton Asylum, 720. Mayme Rod well. Financial Clerk, Vermillion Lake, 600. Henry Thomas, General Mechanic, Western Shoshone,660 RESIGNATIONS.—Excbptbd Positions. Edith Collins, Cook. Navajo, 600. Albert Long, Laundress, Otoe, 400. Annie G. Murie, Cook, Pawnee. 450. Sarah Green, Cook. Wittenberg. 500. Josephine Parker. Cook. Pawnee, 450. Julia DeCora. Asst. Matron, Pierre, 500. May Stanley, Housekeeper, Soboba, 300. Louisa P. Sitting, Cook, Cross Lake, 420. Lupe Leon, Asst. Cook, Albuquerque, 480. Ethel Britton, Housekeeper, Rosebud. 300. M. F. Games, Housekeeper, Rosebud, 300. Rosalie Black, Laundress, Fort Yuma, 520. Paul C. Luna, Baker, Phoenix, 540. DEAD. Lulu Ferguson. Housekeeper, Jicarilla, 30 mo. Margaret Stillday, Laundress, Cross Lake, 420. Agnes M. Chambers, Housekeeper, Sia. 30 mo. John C. Mahkewa, Disciplinarian, Moqui, 840. Alfred M. Venne, Disciplinarian, Carlisle, 800. Mary Gates, Housekeeper. Bullhead day, 30 mo. Mary B. Kurtz, Housekeeper, Fort Peck, 30 mo. Marian Whiteis, Housekeeper, Pine Ridge, 300. Domego Blackwater, Disciplinarian, Pima, 600. Eliza Bissonette, Housekeeper, Pine Ridge, 300. Esther Cathaway, Laundress, Colorado River, 600. Ennie Young, Financial Clerk, Chamberlain, 600. Raymond Nibs, Nightwatchman, Cantonment, 360. Gertrude Spalsbury, Housekeeper. La Jolla, 30. mo. Nellie F. Clifford. Financial Clerk, Wahpeton, 600. Samuel C. Weldfelt, Nightwatchman, Puyallup. 500. James Emerson. Nightwatchman, Wild Rice River, 500. Katherine Red Tomahawk, Housekeeper, Cannon Ball day, 30 mo. APPOINTMENTS—UNCLASSIFIED Sbrvicb. Wm. Perry, Laborer, Phoenix, 500. Harry Moore. Laborer, Grand River. 500. Jerry M. Plants, Laborer. Bismarck, 420. Ben Legg, Laborer, Rainy Mountain, 480. Amos P. Bulman, Laborer. Vermillion Lake. 540. Clarence H. McArthur. Laborer, Cross Lake. 600. RESIGNATIONS—Unclassipibd Sbrvicb. P. A. Saile, Laborer, Haskell, 480. Felix Cloutier, Laborer, Sitseton, 600. P. W. Lay port. Laborer, Haskell, 540. Joseph Fly, Laborer, Grand River, 500. Jos. C. Omen, Laborer. Cross Lake. 600. Samuel H. Smith. Laborer. Blackfeet, 360. Alfred Rodwetl, Laborer. Vermillion Lake. 540. MARRIAGES. Mary Yarnall. Teacher, 660. Carlisle, became by marriage Mrs. Henderson. Laura Booth. Teacher. 72 mo.. Pine Ridge, became by marriage Mrs. Hall. Elnora B. Jamison, Matron. 500. Port Peck, became by marriage Mrs. Buckles. RESIGATIONS. Mary Huffman. Cook. Yakima. 540. Nina Osborne. Laundress, Leupp, 500. Moody S. Russell. Parmer. Otoe. 720. Etta Mountford. Cook, Fort Shaw, 600. C. N. Willard. Teacher, Carlisle. 660. Neva N. Farrand, Teacher, Ponca, 600. Angie L. Dunn, Matron, Red Moon, 400. Minnie Dunlap. Seamstress. Genoa. 600. Sarah A. Myers, Teacher, Blackfeet. 600. Cora M. Hall, Teacher, Cantonment, 540. Milton Boylan, Discip., Pt. Mojave, 720. Joseph A. Garber, Discip., Klamath, 900. Jas. F. Bond. Blacksmith, Fort Shaw, 720. Max Bernstein. Blacksmith, Santa Fe, 720. Edith N. Sampson, Teacher, Shoshone. 660. Mattie E. Hammack. Laundress, Otoe. 400. Carrie L. Russell, Asst. Matron. Otoe, 420. Carrie Bellinger, Asst. Matron. Morris. 500. Mary C. DeVore, Teacher, Wahpeton, 720. Phillip M. O'Neill, Engineer. Genoa. 1.000. Laura Booth Hall, Teacher, Pine Ridge, 720. John T. Woodside, Carpenter. Santa Pe. 720. Blanche Rainwater, Seamstress. Nevada. 480.THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS 49 Waller L. Pearson. Farmer. Mt. Pleasant. 720. Bertha P. McElroy. Teacher, Albuquerque, 600. Chas. D. Rakestaw. Supt., Port Bidwell. 1,100. Gertrude C. Nicholson, Teacher, Wahpeton, 540. Minnehaha Thomas. Teacher, Wittenberg. 600. NEWS NOTES CONCERNING FORMER STUDENTS Guy Cooley, an ex-student of Carlisle and a member of the present Senior Class, is now engaged as special messenger in the Office of the Commissioner of Indian Af- fairs, Washington, D. C. He is utilizing his evenings, by attending a Commercial College in the city. Word has just been received that this young man has had a pro- motion in salary. Supervisor Charles E. Dagenette, of Okla- homa, who now resides and has his office at Albuquerque, and is taking a most important part in the uplift of his people, made the school a short visit a few weeks ago. He and his wife arc both graduates of this school and were at one time employed here. Mr. Dagenette is Supervisor of Indian Em- ployment. Mrs. Samuel Brown, nee Louisa Chubb, who went home last June, writes from Mad- rid, N. Y., to one of her friends saying that she is getting along very nicely and expects to go to housekeeping in the near future. She also mentions Theresa Brown, now Mrs. Ransom, being one of her neighbors. Susie Whitetree, a member of the Class’07, is spending the winter in Melrose High- lands, Mass. Susie is making good use of her time by taking a course in book-keeping. She was seen at the Harvard game last No- vember and her appearance showed content- ment and prosperity in every way. Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Waterman, former students and recently married, visited the school early this fall. They are now living at Versailles, N. Y., where Mr. Waterman has opened a shop of his own for the manu- facture and repair of vehicles of all kinds. He reports a thriving business. Miss Estaiene Depeltquestangue, a former student and employee of this school, was a visitor here a few weeks ago. She is a graduate of the Nurses’ Training School of the Lakeside Hospital, Cleveland, Ohio, and is now in charge of one of the largest wards in that hospital. Elizabeth H. Baird, an Oneida who spent the summer at her home in Wisconsin, re- John A. Harmon. Physician, Cheyenne River. 1,000. Elizabeth C. Sloan, Teacher, Traxton Canyon. 720. John O’Toole, Teacher, Sac and Pox day, Kans., 60 mo. Geo. W. Irons. General Mechanic, Western Shoshone, 660. Josephine H. Jackson, Female Industrial Teacher, Crow Creek. 600. turned to the school this fall and is now working at housework with Mrs. Wm. R. Murrie, Hershey, Pa., awaiting an opening in a hospital where she can continue her training as a nurse. Clarence Faulkner, Class ’06, is now with his sister, Mrs. Lavatta, in New York City. Since leaving Carlisle Clarence has made himself fit for a position and holds his own as a machinist at $17.50 per week in the Metropolis of America. Florence D. Hunter, Class ’08, a Sioux, is studying Pharmacy in the Philadelphia School of Pharmacy and assists at odd times in the dispensing of drugs in the Women’s Hospital, thus earning her board. We notice quite an improvement in the general appearance of the * New Era,” Rose- bud, S. D., since Genus Baird,’02, has taken hold of it His friends at Carlisle are glad that he is making good. Louis Nash, a former member of Class ’09 who went to his home in Nebraska about a year ago, is attending college at Sioux City, Iowa. Corneeta Welch, a Cherokee and an ex- student, writes from Wahhiyah, N. C., that he is still working at the Carpenter trade and is doing nicely. Joseph Simpson, an Alaskan who went home this summer, is now working at his trade, tailoring, and writes, “I am getting along very well up here. ” Casper Cornelius, an ex-student, is work- ing in a mill at Arkansas City, Kan., and now for the first time is really appreciating what Carlisle did for him. Lavinia M. Cornsilk, a Cherokee, aims to become a trained nurse and entered the nurses’ training school of the Worcester City Hospital, Mass., Dec. 31, 1908. Flora E. Jones, a Seneca, is working in Buffalo, N. Y. She recently contributed an article to one of the leading Buffalo papers. Addison Johnson, a Cherokee, an ex- student of Carlisle, is working in the State Printing Office in Harrisburg.50 THE INDIAN CRAFTSMAN—BY INDIANS OFFICIAL CHANGES IN AGENCY EMPLOYEES—JANUARY, 1909 APPOINTMENTS. Win, H. Brown, Engineer, Mescalero, 840. John M. Brown, Stenographer, Union, 900. Wm. P. Kirby, Physician, Blackfeet, 1000. Charles B. Jared, Stenographer, Union, 900. Otto W. Burmeister, Lease Clerk. Yankton, 900. Hogh D. Mathers, Blacksmith, Crow Creek, 720. Maximilian P. Clausius, Physician, Siletz. 1000. Prank E. Prink, Carpenter, Uintah and Ouray, 720. Tbos. M. Anderson, Stenographer. Uintah and Ouray. 900. Otto A. Norman. Shipping Clerk, Sl Louis Warehouse. 720. REINSTATEMENTS. W. H. Blish, Clerk, Puyallup, 1000. TRANSFERS. Frank A. Kemp, Clerk, Union, 1200, to District Agent. 1800. John L. Sloane, Clerk, Flathead, 1100, to Special Indian Agent. Henry H. Hubbard, Stenog., Union, 1080, to Clerk, Union. 1080. Harry W. Camp, Clerk. Sisseton, 900. to Clerk, Fort Totten. 1100. Elizabeth Knight, Clerk, Union, 1080, to Stenographer, Union, 1080. Edward M. Stitt, Carpenter, Fort Lewis. 720, to Carpenter, San Juan, 720. Angie L. Dunn. Matron, Seger, 400, to Financial Clerk, Red Moon, 600. Alvin Barbour, Clerk, Indian Office, 1600, to Clerk, Umatilla, 1200. Carl A. Pederson, Farmer, Carson, 840, to Farmer, Walker River, 840. Horace W. Cox, Physician. Carson, 900, to Physician, Walker River, 900. Minnie C. Randolph, Field Matron, Carson, 720, to Field Matron, Bishop, 720. John W. McCabe. Clerk, Port Totten, 1000, to Clerk, Standing Rock. 1200. Marion E. Wolf, Seamstress. Round Valley, 540, to Field Matron, Port Bidwell, 720. George T. Deavitt, Asst. Clerk, Yankton, 720, to Issue Clerk, Standing Rock, 840. Louisa S. Bishop. Kindergartner, Warm Springs, 600, to Asst. Clerk, Red Lake, 600. Edward J. Burke. Asst. District Agent, Union. 900, to Stenographer, Union, 1000. Thomas McCrosson, Add’l Farmer, Colville. 60 mo., to Add’l Parmer, Puyallup, 900. Charles A. Green, Engineer, Standing Rock, 720 to Farmer (temp.). Standing Rock, 780. Ernest O. Greene. Chief Clerk, Uintah Irrigation Survey 1620. to Financial Clerk, Uintah and Ouray. 1600. RESIGNATIONS. John P. Bonga, Farmer, Leech Lake, 540. John G. Hough, Field Clerk, Union, 1200. John L. Brown. Asst. Clerk. Fort Hall, 840. J. J. Henry Meier, Logger, San Juan, 55 mo. John Reifel, Add’l Parmer, Umatilla, 65 mo. Conrad C. Ludwig. Carpenter, Jicarilla, 780. John McKay, Add’l Farmer. La Pointe, 70 mo. E. G. Bettelyoun, Asst. Clerk. Pine Ridge, 900. Charles Volney, Lease Clerk. Winnebago. 720. Charles H. Stone. Add’l Farmer, Nevada, 60 mo. S. A. Combs, Add'l Farmer, Winnebago, 60 mo. May M. Longenbaugh, Asst. Clerk, Navajo, 900. Frank J. Brown, Physician, Warm Springs, 1000. Mary L. Naylor, Issue Clerk, Uintah and Ouray, 840. APPOINTMENTS—Excbptbd Positions. Clah-be*ga, Stableman, San Juan, 480. Thomas Reed, Teamster, Leach Lake, 320. Isabelle Boutwell, Cook, White Earth, 840. John P. Croff, Line Rider, Blackfeet, 40 mo. James Broken Legs, Teamster, Rosebud, 360. Henry Inkanish, Asst. Carpenter, Kiowa, 360. Paul Charbonneau, Blacksmith, Rocebud, 480. Frank Flannery, Stableman, Lower Brule, 480. George Arnoux, Wheelwright, Blackfeet, 720. Aurthur Walters, Line Rider, Blackfeet, 40 mo. George H. Wadsworth, Scaler, Red Lake, 90 mo. Benjamin Lee, Blacksmith, Cheyenne River, 360. Herbert H. Fiske, Financial Clerk, San Carlo#, 900. Kath. M. Hill, Financial Clerk. Sac and Fox. Iowa, 600. RESIGNATIONS—Excbptbd Positions. Clah-be-ga, Teamster, San Juan, 400. Po-cbo-ky, Asst. Carpenter, Kiowa, 360. Peter T. Antoine, Blacksmith, Seger, 480. Hosteen Yazze, Stableman, San Juan, 480. Jennie McArthur, Cook, White Earth, 480. John Webster, Teamster, Leech Lake, 320. Mitchell Roubideau, Teamster, Rosebud, 360. Juan Herrera, Asst. Carpenter, Mescalero, 360. Charles Pretty Bear. Blacksmith. Cheyenne River. 360. APPOINTMENTS—Unclassified Sbrvicb. Grover Long, Laborer, Otoe, 600. James Robinson, Janitor, Crow, 480. Tseeskyni, Laborer, San Carlos, 420. Sidney Phillips, Laborer, San Juan,400. Louis Bellecour, Laborer, White Earth, 540. Wm. H. Layton, Laborer, Sac and Fox, 500. Eddie Doublerunner, Laborer, Blackfeet, 480. Pelix T. Apadoca, Laborer, Albuquerque, 720. Clarence V. Barto, Laborer, White Earth, 540. William Jarnaghan, Laborer, Hoopa Valley, 360. Charles Pretty Bear, Laborer, Cheyenne River, 360. RESIGNATIONS—Unclassified Sbrvicb. Nick Lee. Laborer, San Juan, 400. Andres Moya, Laborer, Albuquerque, 720. Roy Doolittle, Laborer, Hoopa Valley, 360. Paul Doublerunner, Laborer , Blackfeet, 480. Charles H. Bishop, Laborer, Sac and Fox, 500. Otto W. Dummert, Laborer, White Earth, 540. Clarence V. Barto, Laborer, White Barth. 720. Richard Left Hand, Laborer, Cheyenne River. 360. Edward Turner, Laborer, Sl Louis Warehouse, 720. MARRIAGES. Georgia H. Coberly, Stenographer, Union, 1020, became by marriage Georgia C. Houck on January 1, 1909.A T A S K O BE HONEST, TO BE KIND—TO EARN A LITTLE AND TO SPEND A LITTLE LESS; TO MAKE UPON THE WHOLE A FAMILY HAPPIER FOR HIS PRESENCE; TO RE- NOUNCE WHEN THAT SHALL BE NECESSARY AND NOT TO BE EMBITTERED, TO KEEP A FEW FRIENDS BUT THOSE WITHOUT CA- PITULATION—ABOVE ALL, ON THE SAME GRIM CON- DITIONS, TO KEEP FRIENDS WITH HIMSELF—HERE IS A TASK FOR ALL THAT A MAN HAS OF FORTITUDE AND DELICACY. —STEVENSON.(JtirMf Hnbian Untorial Srtiool iffl. Jfrtebman, j&uperintenbent .	T The Ind'an ^h00i 'S 'OCated 111 CarliS,e’ Pa- beaUt,f“' LOCATION. Cumberland County with its magnificent scenery, unexcell- ed climate and refined and cultured inhabitants. The School was founded in 1879, its first students having been HISTORY. brought by General R. H. Pratt, who was then a lieutenant in charge of Indian Prisoners in Florida, and later for many years Superinten ent o the School. Captain A. J. Standing also brought some of the first pupi s an se \ ed as a faithful friend and teacher of the Indians for twenty years. 1 e a Department donated for the School’s work the Carlisle Barracks, compos of 27 acres of land, stables, officer’s quarters and commodious barrac s ui ings. The Guardhouse, one of the School’s Historic Buildings, was ui t > Hessian Prisoners during the Revolutionary War. PR PSPNT The Present Plant consists of 49 buildings. I he school cam- Pus' together with two school farms, comprises 311 a . 1	LAIN I. T'he buildings are of simple exterior architectural treatment but well arranged, and the equipment is modem and complete. a a	The academic courses consist of a carefully graded sihool ACADEMIC. including courses in Agriculture, Teaching, Stenograp y, Business Practice, and Industrial Art. TR ADFS Instruction of a practical character is given in farming, dairying, I	KAUta. horticulture, and twenty trades. ttintp The Outing System affords the students an opportunity for ex tended residence with the best white families of the East ena ing them to get instruction in public schools, imbibe the best of civi- lization and earn wages, which is placed to their credit in the bank at interest. ditd dace The aim of the Carlisle School is to train Indian men and women as teachers, homemakers, mechanics, and mdustna leaders who find abundant opportunity for service as teachers and employees in the Indian Service, leaders among their people, or as industrial competitors in t e white communities in various parts of the country. FACTS. Faculty N umber of Students................... Total Number of Graduates . __ 75 1004 538 Total Number of Students who did not graduate.............—......-........................3960 npmjt rpjj These students are leaders and teachers among their people, ■ 148 occupy positions with the Government as teachers, etc., in Government schools; among the remainder are successful farmers, stockmen, teachers, preachers, mechanics, business men, professional men, and our gir s are upright, industrious and influential women.W+X+K+X+5W S HANDICRAFT g OF THE AMERICAN INDIAN S kEOPLE who are interested in the Indian usually have a liking tor his Arts and Crafts—desire some- thing which has been made by these people, fl f here are a great many places to get what you may wish in this line, but the place to buy, if youwish Genuine Indian Handicraft, is where You Absolutely Know you are going to get what you bargain for. 9 We have a fine line of Pueblo Pottery, Baskets, Bead Work, Navaho Art Squares, Looms, and other things made by Indian Men and Women, which we handle more to help the Old Indians than for any other reason. % Our prices are within the bounds of reason, and we are always willing to guarantee anything we sell. 9 Communicate with us if we may serve you in any further way INDIAN CRAFTS DEPT of the CARLISLE INDIAN SCHOOL, PA ftc+x+wxw. THIS «,»><. » AN «*»«.	“TThe NEW CARLISLE RUGS , ARLISLE is famous in more than one way; we hope to make her famous as the home of the finest Indian Rug ever offered to the public. It is something new; noliiing like them for sale any other place. They are woven here at the school by students. They are not like a Navaho and are as well made and as durable as an Oriental, which they somewhat resemble. Colors and combinations are varied; absolutely fast colors. They must be examined to be ap- preciated. Price varies according to the size and weave; will cost you a little more than a fine Navaho. <1 We also make a cheaper Rug, one suitable for the Bath Room, a washable, reversable Rag Rug; colors, blue and white. Nice sizes, at prices from Three Dollars to Six • If you are interested Write Us Your Wishes The NATIVE INDIAN ART DEPT., Carlisle Indian School THIS BORDER 16 A PRODUCnOM OF OUR NATIVE INDIAN ART DKPARTMKNT—DESIGNED BT A STUDENT