20 The Phantom Check care, but without results. Besides, Hackett got down on his hands and knees and poked and prodded in vain under the desks and filing cabinets in a vain hope that a check was hidden there. "A draft of air may have carried it out through your window," Ector sug- gested finally, "but that's hardly likely. Still, I'll tell the janitor to look sharp when he sweeps up." "But what shall I do ?" Hackett asked in despair. "Do, what can you do?" the cashier answered. "You couldn't make that big a mistake in change and you haven't duplicated a deposit of that size. The only thing I can think of is for you to try and make a list of all the thousand dollar items and see if you have over- looked one." "I won't be able to sleep a wink to- night, Mr. Ector." "Well, you may be able to ferret it out, then," so the other consoled him. "I've often done that, I know. I'll bet you that in the morning you'll have the laugh on yourself for some foolish oversight or other." "Well, I certainly hope so," Hackett ejaculated fervently. "Twelve years in that cage and never anything like this before." "Forget it, Jimmy," and the cashier slapped him on the back in friendly fashion. "We all make them, and gen- erally find them, too. That's the best part." But the morning did not bring the promised relief. Instead, Hackett en- tered his cage pale and shaken and the other six tellers were in little better frame. The phenomenal loss had been whispered about the bank and each man wondered if it would be his turn that day. The result was that all the tellers worked over time that evening adjusting numerous little mistakes that under or- dinary circumstances would never have occurred. All of them, however, were able to eventually reduce their errors to a mat- ter of a few cents, except teller number one. Ector walked down the passageway back of the cages at five-thirty to find them all empty save Hackett's. Here he paused. "How's it coming, Jimmy?" he called out. Teller number one turned a face ashen with terror toward the cashier. "Short again," he croaked. "You don't mean it?" Ector ejacu- lated. "Yes sir--" Hackett faltered. "Five hundred dollars. I'm all in, Ector. I've checked and rechecked, and it's lost, that's all there is to it." With shaking fingers, the teller un- locked his door and allowed the cashier to enter. But Ector's efforts were as fruitless as the day before. Five hun-. dred dollars had taken wings and dis- appeared. "Jimmy," Ector said finally, "you're up against a mighty smooth game of some sort." "It must be that," Hackett nodded. "I wouldn't make two mistakes like that hand-running." "No," Ector agreed. "It's not a ques- tion of mistakes. It's a lot deeper than that. Some shrewd scheme is being worked on you. Why, they could wreck a bank in a little while unless somebody cut across their little game." "I don't believe that I can stand it an- other day," Hackett declared. "I never endured such a strain, not even when they made the run on the bank eight years ago." "And I guess I remember that" Ec- tor said feelingly. "Well, let's go home. Staying here won't help us any, I im- agine. Besides, lightning won't strike three times in the same place, Jimmy. And therein the cashier erred, for the evening of the third day disclosed 