78 The Explosive Gentleman straight line. That is he reached East River. Then he became conscious of his surroundings. He retraced his steps a few blocks. Then he hailed a passing taxi and had himself driven to the theatre. During the performance his excitement sub- sided somewhat and he began reflecting on the results of his plan. There was always a chance, of course, that the Boyers might change their minds and not go into the music room that night. That, however, did not affect his scheme. They would go some night and Mr. Boyer would light the candles. That is, he would light only one of them. There was no reason to believe that he would notice the liquid. The action of lighting a candle is a cas- ual one and requires no concentration. In all probability the old man would be talking to one of his sons while engaged in the process. Nitroglycerine, Mr. Brophy had told him, is almost certain to explode when sudden heat is applied to it. There were four candles, four chances. He did not see how his scheme could fail. He expected that in the morning he would be notified that an unfortu- nate accident had occurred in the Boyer home. IV The Boyers had not intended going into the music room that evening; they had offered to entertain Kremp as a social courtesy. After Kremp had gone the old man went to the library to read. The boys went up into their own rooms. Later "all three of them went to a di- rectors' meeting. None of the household went into the music room that night. At about ten o'clock next morning-- Boyer's sons had already gone to busi- ness--Mrs. Nolan began her house- cleaning duties. Mrs. Nolan, it must be said, was an energetic lady. Her favorite polish was Elbow Grease: when she worked she raised a dust and a sweat. The windows of the room in which Mrs. Nolan was carrying on were always thrown wide open. And Mrs. Nolan was fastidious; she cleaned un- der as well as around the furniture. Outdoors, the temperature that morn- ing was below freezing. Mrs. Nolan generated considerable heat when she worked. As long as she was busy she was more or less indifferent to temper- ature. Now Mr. Brophy in his elucida- tion of the properties of nitroglycerine, had failed to inform Kremp of one peculiarity. Nitroglycerine freezes at 34.04° F. and when it freezes it changes to long whitish crystals. Mrs. Nolan kept the windows in the music room open for almost an hour so the nitroglycerine which Kremp had spilled into the hollows at the top of the candles, froze. And Mrs. Nolan, mak- ing her final inspection of the room, noticed the whitish crystals at the tops of the four candles. With reference to what happened next, we call to your attention the fol- lowing proverbs: "Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise." "Death may meet us everywhere." And, "Innocence is no protection." The first two of these wise cracks we admit. The last we intend to prove in the easiest way-- by citing the exception. The whitish crystals, each one of them potentially able to transform Mrs. Nolan into a sudden if rather clumsy angel, aroused that lady's curiosity. She picked up one of the candles and poked at the top of it with a hair pin, but the crystals clung rather tenaciously to the tallow, so she finally used her fingernails. Scratch, scratch, scrape! What was it they used to say at the old motordrome down at Coney Island? Oh yes,--"Come in and see the motor cyclists race neck and neck with death!" These fellows had nothing on Mrs. 