66 Exterior to the Evidence that's the height of impudence, I'm thinking. To go and call in neighborly fashion on the man whose ideas he's been thieving!" "Come on!" growled Marston, with a certain grim determination. Half-way up the path to Low Hall, Weathershaw called his companions to a halt. "If Mr. Marrows has no objection," he said, "I'd like to take this part of the game in hand." "No objection whatever," replied Marrows. "But--give us an inkling." "Let Sir Marston take us in," con- tinued Weathershaw. "Let him--if we find Sir John there--just say, casually, to Mr. Etherton that we've been making an enquiry or two up this way, and that we thought we'd just drop in to give him the latest news. Then--leave it to me to talk. And, while I talk, you keep your eyes on Sir John and see how he takes it." "Aye, aye!" agreed Marrows. "I see --you'll lead up to the climax, eh? Good notion! Well, Sir Marston, you'll take us in then." Marston quietly opened the .front door, and led his companions down the thickly carpeted passage to a door at the rear of the house. He opened this without ceremony and walked in. Mar- rows and Weathershaw, at a sign from him, followed close on his heels and were in the room, with the door closed behind them, before its occupants had realized their presence. It was a peaceful, domestic scene on which they entered. In his own easy- chair Etherton was smoking his favor- ite briar pipe; near him Letty, in an- other, was busied with some fancy- work ; on the opposite side of the hearth a short, stout, consequential-looking man, whose mutton-chop whiskers gave him something of an aggressive air and whose eyes were small and sly, lolled back in a big lounge, fingering a long, recently-lighted cigar. Weathershaw's glance went to him at once; somewhat to his surprise, the man showed no sign whatever of either interest or astonish- ment at his sudden invasion. "Hullo!" exclaimed Etherton, looking round as the three men advanced. "What brings you here?" "Oh, nothing particular," answered Marston, playing up to his part. "We've been making an enquiry or two round about, and we thought we'd just drop in and give you a bit of news." "News, eh!" said Etherton, handing glasses to his guests, and pushing the cigar-box near to them. "Aye--any- thing fresh?" "Weathershaw's made a few discov- eries that he might tell about," said Marston, nodding at the agent. "We were just talking about it, Sir John and I," remarked Etherton, resum- ing his seat. "Sir John's not so very hopeful about a complete solution. He thinks there's a good deal deep down." Marrows gave Weathershaw a quiet kick under the table. "A long way beneath the surface, you think, Sir John?" he asked. "Deeper than most of you fellows would fancy," asserted Sir John, in a half-confidential, half-knowing voice. He looked round the half-circle of faces, from Marrows at the table to Marston in the corner, and winked his small right eye. "Deep business!" he said. "My impression--somebody wanted--badly-- to know contents of that will? D'ye see? Somebody--clear away from the sur- face view of things--outsider! Eh! Will!--that's it. Will at the bottom of the whole thing. My decided belief-- that!" "You think Sir Cheville Stanbury was attacked for the sake of the will, sir?" said Weathershaw. Sir John favored the stranger with a lofty, supercilious glance, and nodded his head. 