The Police Sometimes Guess Wrong 113 process would be and that he would admit anything under the terrors of the "third degree." That you guessed right is proved by the result. "Then you turned out the lights and watched your chance. You probably had the door open a crack. You saw Murphy pick up the roll of money, stuff it into his pocket and, after looking around to see that he was unobserved, busy himself with his pail and mop. Then, when you were certain that he could see you, you rushed from the office and past him to the stairway. "Your scheme was clever--diaboli- cally so. I'm intensely human--human enough not to suspect a man who openly confesses that he went to a place to commit a burglary and finds that a mur- der had been committed. I swallowed your story like a veritable boob. "You realized that, under ordinary circumstances, you would probably be suspected. Therefore, by coming straight to police headquarters, ad- mitting your premeditated guilt and telling of the murder, you threw any suspicions I might otherwise have had to the winds. I went into the investi- gation firmly convinced that you were innocent. I might have run into evi- dence against you, but you had it all discounted in advance. "You made one fatal mistake. I made the other. Mine nearly hanged poor Murphy, here, while yours will hang yourself." Tompkins gulped. Then: "All right, Chief, you've got me foul, I gues§. I put the money and securities in an en- velope addressed to myself and dropped it down the mail chute. It should have been delivered yesterday afternoon at my home address. There's just one question I'd like to ask: I nodded. "Fire away." "I'll admit that I thought I had things fixed up so that you wouldn't suspect me. And besides I'm a pretty fair actor and I pulled the sob stuff pretty de- cently you'll admit. But you say that I made one mistake. Do you mind tell- ing me what it was?" It was my turn to smile. "Tompkins," I said, "your story was too perfect. Remember you told me--- and you repeated the same story on the witness stand just now--that you seized the knob of the outer door ready to bolt when you heard a moan. You turned quickly, you claimed, and through the door you saw Jones sitting at his desk, his head hanging over the back of his chair, the handle of a knife sticking out of his chest and his breast covered with blood. That's where you made you big mistake." Tompkins looked puzzled. "I'm still in the dark," he declared. "Because," I answered, "the position of Jones's desk is such that he was seated with his right side toward the door. He was slumped down in his chair--which is leather upholstered with huge arms, his head hanging over the back and side. It was not until you told your story a second time on the witness stand and I visualized the scene of the crime that the truth sud- denly flashed over me. "From the position of Jones's desk and the way he was sitting with his right side turned toward the doorway,, a man standing at the outer doorway couldn't see the handle of the knife which was plunged into his heart!" 