The Police Sometimes Guess Wrong 109 hallway, Chief, with Dugan and Miles, in about two minutes." II Things in Jones's office were as Tompkins--who was shaking as if with the ague when we entered the room-- had described them. In the outer office the lights were still burning as he had said he had left them. They disclosed to view a safe rather larger than the ordinary, the door of which was stand- ing wide open. Drawers had been pulled out and their contents scattered about the floor. Giving Dugan, who was a finger-print expert of more than ordinary ability, his instructions, the remainder of us entered the smaller office. Jones was seated in a high-back, broad-armed, leather-upholstered chair, his right side turned toward, the door. His body was slumped backward, his head hanging over the back of the chair in an indescribable--almost grotesque-- position. His eyes were wide open, staring glassily at us. Never a hand- some man, with his long hooked nose and thin, cadaverous face surmounted by its thatch of unkempt hair, in death he was positively repulsive. From his left breast protruded the handle of a knife. It had evidently been driven from behind over his shoulder and with tremendous force straight to the heart. That death had been instan- taneous there was not a doubt. A thin stream of blood had flown from the wound, staining the shirtfront a dull brownish crimson. I took one of the old man's claw-like hands in my own. The body was al- ready beginning to grow cold. I deduced --and Moore and Miles agreed with me --that he had been dead at least an hour. I turned to Tompkins, who had dropped into the nearest chair and was again sniveling to himself. "Have you ever seen that knife be- fore?" I asked, pointing to the weapon in the dead man's breast. Tompkins nodded. "God! Yes!" he answered. "It was his. Somebody gave it to him once-- always kept it on his desk for a paper weight and letter opener." I called Dugan from the other room. "Look that knife-handle over for prints!" I told him. The little detective busied himself with his magnifying glass for a brief time. Then he turned to me with a shrug of his thin shoulders. "Th' fellow that did this job didn't even go to the trouble of wearin' rubber gloves, Chief. He did the same with this handle that he did with the safe-- wiped everything off with a cloth. Maybe used alcohol. There isn't even a chicken track on either one of them!" I turned to Moore. "Find the caretaker and have him bring up the janitor who takes care of this floor," I instructed. Then I commanded Tompkins to make a hurried inventory of the con- tents of the safe. He skimmed over the various papers inside of the pigeon- holes and on the floor, completing his task inside of five minutes. "There was over five thousand dol- lars in there when I quit this afternoon," he announced. "In addition several se- curities that I have noticed in one of the drawers--valued probably at ten or fif- teen thousand--are gone. I know that they were there when I left the office, because the old man had been checking them over, and I saw him put 'em back. It was past banking hours, then, so that the thief must have taken them." I looked at Dugan. "How was the box cracked ?" I asked. The little detective grinned. "'Twasn't cracked, Chief," he an- swered. "The fellow that got inside that box worked the combination. The only 