The Weight of a Feather 83 What, may I ask, suggested this in- genious method to you ?" Counsel's tone was pleasantly inter- rogative. There was no hint of ridi- cule in his voice. Nevertheless, the wit- ness shot him a quick, suspicious glance. "When I examined his room, I found this lariat coiled on the bust," he ex- plained, gaining confidence. "As there wasn't any window or door on the ground floor at that end of the house from which he could have struck the blow that killed his uncle, nor any foot- tracks in the snow except the old man's, I figured that this was the way he must have done it." "Very clever, Ed," the prisoner's at- torney drawled. "Very!" He stuck his thumbs into the arm- holes of his vest and surveyed the officer, head cocked to one side. "Let me see, Ed--you've been con- stable of Cardinal for nearly a year now, haven't you?" he asked. The witness nodded. "A year on the twenty-fifth of this month," he replied. "You'd like to' be sheriff of Cardinal County, wouldn't you, Ed?" The witness looked about with a vague smile. "Well, yes, Colonel," he said. "Who wouldn't?" The attorney smiled back. "Your chances are pretty good-- now, Ed, ain't they?" he asked ungram- matically, but with the merest shade of emphasis upon the word "now." "I suppose so! Everybody knows me. I was born and raised here," the witness replied, with due modesty. The attorney nodded acquiescence. "I know, Ed. Your chances are par- ticularly bright now--since you have so ably assisted the State in this prosecu- tion, I mean." He was still smiling but a sort of grating edge had crept into his drawl. A barely audible titter ran through the crowded court-room. The prose- cuting attorney was known to have po- litical ambitions. A successful convic- tion of murder--the first murder in the county in twenty years--would count greatly for him in the coming election. This star witness who had aided him so ably was sure not to be forgotten by him. The witness moved uneasily. "I don't know about that, Colonel," he snapped with a sudden show of re- sentment. "I did my duty, that's all." The prosecutor was on his feet, his hard eyes flashing. "I object to the discrediting of the witness by personal and irrelevant ob- servations," he stormed. "The officer is known to us as a reputable citizen." "There you go again, Warren," the defendant's counsel drawled, queru- lously. "Losing your temper over nothing." The judge frowned. He glanced from one to the other and sighed. Both men, prosecutor and defender, were his friends--outside the court-room. The three of them had seen Cardinal grow from a collection of miners' tents to a city of some importance. He had proper respect for his profession, but he was not going to permit mere court routine to shatter a friendship of thirty years' standing, so he said in a tone of diplomatic deprecation to the defend- ant's counsel: "I'll have to sustain the objection, Colonel. Please proceed." Before the attorney for the State sat down, he said in a withering tone to his opponent: "If you don't lose your temper a dozen times before you're through, I'll miss my guess, Melvin Edgerly." "Gentlemen! You're in the court!" the judge reminded them, with some show of severity. The prisoner's counsel did not reply to the observation of his opponent. He 