The Mistaken Sacrifice 101 have to be eliminated if the concern was to go on. That was what he had come to Shanghai prepared to find out, at the instance of Mr. Burson. Hanley, pale and nervous, met him at the dock, and greeted the auditor as cordially as he could. Clayburne pre- tended not to notice the other's all too evident perturbation, but what he did see, plus what he knew of Hanley, made him decide at once that something was wrong. Hanley realized his attiude, and re- sented it keenly. Ah Fu sized up the situation at once, and quickly made up his mind. However, he outdid him- self in preparing the evening meal and in making the new arrival comfortable in the bungalow. He served the two Americans in silence and kept them well supplies with liquors and cigars, listening with the sharpest of ears to each sentence the men exchanged. That the business had fallen off in the last five years, Ah Fu had known before hand. That Mr. Morely had been indifferent to whether or not it paid, he had not known before. Morely, in fact, would never have consented to a discontinuance which might cost Hanley his job. He had been that type of man, and the maintenance of his former friend in this quiet berth was only another one of his many secret and worthy charities. To Mr. Clay- burne, the thing which he suspected made Hanley's probable offense all the more reprehensible under such circum- stances. "Once a crook--always a crook!" he mused at the close of the dinner. "There's no such thing as a defaulter ever going straight." It seemed as though Ah Fu read his mind, but so far as his features indi- cated such knowledge he might have been a graven image. If Hanley was conscious of the other's mental attitude, he did not outwardly evidence the fact, but he found himself more restless than ever after dinner when the two sat out on the porch overlooking the harbor and the lights of the city. "When do you wish to start in?" Hanley asked with a queer sort of catch in his voice. "In the morning," the auditor said, "and finish as soon as I can. Mr. Bur- son wants my report to go back by the Pacifica and the ship will sail on Tues- day. So there's no time to be lost." So it seemed, Hanley observed. "Quite so," thought Ah Fu, but he was not thinking of the task the audi- tor had to perform, but of the little job he personally had in mind. In the kitchen, he went about his tasks without so much as a word, and at last, when all was in order, he slipped out into the night. He said nothing to his employer about his going, and naturally did not confide to him what he proposed to do. But half an hour later he was in the shop of Moy Su down in the Nanking Road. With Moy Su he exchanged a few complimentary salutations, felicitated him upon his ancestors, and requested Moy Su to do him a favor. Moy Su, without the impertinence of asking questions, consented to do as he was requested, and Ah Fu went on his way. Ten minutes later Hanley was sum- moned to the telephone in his little bun- galow. It was Moy Su who greeted him respectfully and begged a thou- sand pardons for disturbing him at that hour. He made no mention of Ah Fu, a visitor was in the company of Hanley, nor did he refer to the fact that he knew Moy Su was not supposed to be aware of such things, and Hanley naturally never associated the call with the de- parture of his servant. Moy Su wished to know whether Hanley would care to come to his shop that evening to see a shipment of reprehensibly inferior jades he had just 