102 The Mistaken Sacrifice received. The stuff was the merest trash, Moy Su explained, yet it had the appearance of being very good. It was just such merchandise as Hanley sometimes purchased and sent to America in the course of his business. Moy Su wished Hanley to have first choice of the jades, should Hanley wish to buy them, and on the following morn- ing he had promised to exhibit them publicly. Hanley thanked the merchant for his courtesy and decided to go at once. Normally he would have told the China- man to go to the devil. Twenty years in Shanghai had not tended to speed up his methods of business or make him unduly active in matters of this sort. Now, however, under the watch- ful eye of Clayburne, he thought it might be good policy to show interest and act upon the opportunity at once. He felt that it was incumbent upon him to make a show of enterprise and devo- tion to duty. So he told the auditor the purport of the phone call and asked whether he would care to accompany him. "No," declined Clayburne, "I'm rather tired tonight, and I haven't quite got my land legs as yet. I know nothing about the value of such things anyway. I can tell from a set of books whether a business pays, but I couldn't determine the worth of actual merchan- dise on a bet." Hanley was just as well satisfied. He would welcome being relieved of the auditor's society for an hour or so at least. The thing he would have to face would be unpleasant enough when he came to it the following morning. Then would take place the interview Hanley had dreaded for years--the inevitable nemesis he knew he must en- counter. And Clayburne gave no sign of being likely to be a sympathetic listener to the news which awaited him. "Then," said Hanley, "I'll run down and see this man, if you don't mind. Just make yourself at home and I'll return as soon as I can." "Don't hurry," yawned the auditor, evidently equally willing to be rid of his host. "Sandman's after me and I think I'll turn in soon." "By all means," invited Hanley. "My boy has gone out, I think, but I'll see myself that everything's in order in your room." He did; arranged various articles to insure the comfort of his unwelcome guest, and then went out, first slipping an automatic into his trousers pocket. He had hesitated at first to take the gun, and finally did so with the thought of protection rather than with the in- tention of employing the weapon for any other purpose. III The night was balmly and clear, so he went on foot to the shop where Moy Su was waiting, bowing and scraping and ready to pay him fulsome compli- ments while he bargained with him. Yet it developed that there was to be no business transacted that night. Indig- nantly, Hanley spurned the offered jades and roundly admonished Moy Su for even summoning him to look at such trash. He would have none of it. Genuinely annoyed at the merchant and out of sorts with himself, he went out into the night, and retraced his steps. As he pondered over the situation, his fingers closed on the gun in his pocket. Perhaps, after all, that was the way out. He knew what Clayburne would find when he looked at the books, and he appreciated that nothing he might say would explain away those facts. His previous story was already known by the new owner, and Hanley did not deceive himself that Clayburne would believe him or that Burson would 