126 The Finger Print Bureau (Continued from page 124) were so much alike that the Bertillon operator could not state positively by their photographs that they were differ- ent individuals, but their finger prints showed them to be entirely different. In the Navy there have been any number of twins who have enlisted, and the only possible way they could have been told apart was by their finger prints, as when they are placed in uni- forms of the same rating their general appearance is more marked, and harder to tell apart than when in civilian clothes. The finger prints of the human race are divided into four (4) general types, and these impressions will be found in the fingers of everyone, but the ridge characteristics which determine identity have never been known to appear in the same place in a different person's fingers. The possibility of a ridge characteristic appearing in the same place in two dif- ferent persons' fingers is one in a mil- lion, and a great many of the courts throughout the United States have ac- cepted seven (7) ridge characteristics appearing in the same place in two im- pressions as positive proof of identity, and by this method there is no possibility of a person losing his identity if his finger prints have ever been recorded, regardless of how closely he might re- semble someone else. FINGER PRINT PATTERNS-- PART III WHORLS Last month, you were told that the Whorl pattern would be explained to you. The accompanying illustration shows two Whorls. A Whorl is a pat- tern in which the ridges make a Whorl, or a complete turn, about one central point. You can distinguish a Whorl by the fact that it has two Deltas while a Loop has but one Delta. (A Delta is the outer terminus of a pattern, the point from which we start to count ridges. It is called a "Delta" because it usually resembles the Greek letter "Delta" or a small triangle.) Maybe you have a Whorl pat- tern on one of your fingers. Study them closely and see if you can find any Whorls. WHORLS 