The Phantom Check By George Bruce Marquis I IT was nearly six o'clock, and yet James Hackett, teller number one of the Wallula State Bank, tarried in his cage. Again and again he cast up his totals, recounted his cash, and thumbed over the big pile of checks which littered his counter, and still his columns refused to balance. The cashier of the bank, Thomas Ec- tor, passed down the aisle on his way out, but noting the teller still at work paused. "What's wrong, Hackett?" he in- quired. "My cash simply won't balance, Mr. Ector," Hackett replied. "Throw it into the Over and Short Account, Hackett," Ector advised him. "A few cents more or less won't mat- ter." "A few cents!" And Hackett turned his flushed face toward the cashier. "I wish it were only a matter of a few cents. I'm short one thousand dollars!" "A 'one' is the easiest mistake in the world to make," Ector smiled. "Unlock the door and let me run over your figures." "Well, here's hoping," Hackett sighed. "I've run those columns up and down, crossways and slanting till I honestly couldn't add two and two and be sure of the result." "You've just got excited," Ector de- clared as he picked up the ribbon from the adding machine and began to com- pare it with the stack of checks. "How much cash did you start with this morning?" he presently inquired. "Five thousand dollars. Mr. Gray counted it out and I rechecked it before I opened my window. It was correct." The cashier ticked off the deposit slips, and last of all counted the cash. Then he began to cast up the final re- sults, humming a little tune as he did so. Presently he ceased humming, while a puzzled frown crept gradually over his features. "What's wrong here ?" he argued with himself, "you're off, too." "How much?" Hackett asked a little unsteadily. "It looks like a thousand dollars," Ector admitted reluctantly, "but I must have made a mistake. Here, wait till I run it over again." But his second checking was as fruit- less as his first. Hackett was undoubt- edly short one thousand dollars. Ector stood drumming on the counter for a bit, lost in thought. Then he had a sudden inspiration. "Did you cash any thousand dollar checks or drafts today?" he asked sur- denly. "A dozen, maybe," the teller an- swered. "You know I handle most of the big accounts, a number of real estate firms, besides the business of half a dozen of the biggest stores. A thousand dollars in change with them is nothing uncommon. Often they draw out more." "Then you've simply mislaid or lost one of their checks," Ector declared with certitude. "Dump out that waste paper basket and let's go through it." The basket was duly emptied and its contents examined with microscopic 19 