90 His Thirteenth Wife aware of the contents of the boxes Bruckner rented. Probably they imag- ined that he used them for storing papers. One, however, did contain something vastly different. In it were the tools of his trade--poisons of varying natures which he picked up at intervals in in- finitesimal quantities in various parts of the world. Being versatile, he liked to vary his method of operation and took a genuine pride in his work. Mad he undoubtedly was--but the man was an artist, and no manufacturer or financier or creator of beautiful things ever took more satisfaction in his accomplish- ments than did Bruckner. The one fly in the ointment was the fact that he could never confide to any- one just how clever he really was. To atone for this, and by way of diver- sion, he occasionally indulged in crimi- nalities of a totally different nature, in fields where he might share his triumphs with others. He had a smattering of medicine and knew, much chemistry, both of which he studied with sinister intent. He had played at being an amateur cracksman and had been com- plimented upon his skill in opening safes. Likewise, he had participated in several notorious Black-hand outrages and was well and favorably known in those circles. That is, the personality he assumed for this purpose, was known to such associates. Thus Bruckner had broadened his knowledge of ways and means of producing death in secret, and had familiarized himself with other branches of the trade, upon which he might fall back in case wife murder ever became an unhealthy occupation. Bruckner flattered himself that dur- ing the whole of his career he had never made a single mistake. Not once had he been regarded as anything but a sin- cere mourner at the biers of his dear departeds. Never had he run afoul of coroner or police. At times he chuckled over his remarkable capabilities and congratulated himself upon his caution and truly exceptional foresight. Per- haps his success was due to the fact that he concentrated upon crime in its more subtle branches, and had never been addicted to any vice, either petty or great. Nor had a pretty face ever tempted him. During the whole of his marital adventures, Bruckner had never once been in love--not even the victim of a passing infatuation. Business before pleasure was his motto and he adhered to it strictly. Because, he found the courtship stage of his engagements a trying ordeal, marriage usually followed his proposals swiftly. With grim humor, he often boasted to himself that he had no heart, and in view of this fact, he was reluctant to indulge needlessly in silly lovemaking. The women of his choice were in- variably rather mature and usually unromantic. The more homely they might be the better satisfied he was. A young and attractive wife might have admirers who would interfere with his plans. She would also be more likely to have relatives who might have too much to say and to whom her death would be a real bereavement. Widows with children were banned. He had an aversion to stepsons and daughters about the house. Instead, this pseudo lonely bachelor always sought a matron similarly situated--each with a tidy sum to support them, and both desiring a quiet comfortable home. There was method in his rule. Not only was he assured of privacy in the domicile about to be established, but he could not be accused of the unpar- donable crime of marrying for money. Bruckner was both sensitive and proud. He valued the good opinion of the community--because it was an asset in his curious business. To pick out a bride of great wealth would mean 