48 The Monolith Hotel Mystery how a man in my position gets hunches at times, but can't explain them." "Sure thing," yawned the house detec- tive, whose interest in the matter had now entirely subsided. "Guess I'll turn in. Had a hard day, and bed sounds good to me. Nighty-night," and he went toward the elevator, and from it directly to his room. But Spencer soon found that he was out of luck. Sleep was something he was not going to get. For before he had even removed his shoes the telephone rang, and an agitated voice directed him to report at room 817 as speedily as possible. He complied, and in the doorway of the designated number found Wilson await- ing him. The clerk beckoned, ushered him into the room, followed, closed the door and stood against it, gasping. "My hunch was right!" he hysteri- cally cried. "I know now why Hender- son acted so queerly. But I never sus- pected ! It is horrible--horrible!" He half collapsed, and seemed on the verge of fainting. Spencer jumped to his side, put an arm about him, and led the clerk, now babbling incoherently, to a settee, where he made him as comfort- able as possible. "Pull yourself together, man," com- manded the detective. "Take it easy, but tell me what's going on." He patted his frightened companion on the shoulder. Under his ministrations the clerk regained his self-control, sat up and essayed a feeble smile. "I'm all right now," he said. "The shock of the thing was what got me. You see, as soon as Henderson checked out, the night maid was ordered to put the room in shape. She went to the bathroom and on the floor she found---- but you'll have to look for yourself. I--I--can't go on," he concluded, as he sank back again. Spencer, absolutely devoid of nerves, crossed to the inner door, opened it, and peered into the bathroom, uttering an exclamation as he did so. On the floor was the body of a well-dressed young woman, and a bullet wound in the side of her head showed clearly the cause of death. Spencer satisfied himself that life was extinct, emerged into the main room again, closed the bathroom door, went back to the settee, and roughly shook Wilson to attract his attention. "The first thing to do," declared the house detective, "is to start a hue and cry for this man Henderson. The mat- ter of motives and ways and means can wait. You'd better wait here until I can send some reliable person to relieve you. I'll attend to the important part of the work." Aq,d he hurried out, while the clerk, a bundle of nerves in his most placid mo- ments, moaned and sobbed, but did not dare to desert his. post. Fifteen minutes later Spencer was holding a furtive conversation in the lobby with a man who had "city detec- tive" marked on him as plainly as if he carried a sign. Marty O'Donohue was a Headquarters sleuth and possessed the additional distinction of being a cousin and pal of Hotel Detective Spencer, "It's lucky I located you at the club, Marty," whispered Spencer. "Here's your chance to make good, big, but you've got to cover me, of course. Re- member, you just dropped in for a chin- chin on your way home, and found me about to- notify the police. So you told me that while you wouldn't interfere, you'd just scout around while waiting for the precinct men. See ?" "Naw, I don't see," was the sulky re- sponse. "What's the use of letting the station guys in on this? If they fool around they may get some of the credit." "It would cost me my job to let Cap- tain Mahoney and his sleuths know I played favorites," Spencer retorted im- patiently. "You'll get the gravy, all right, for I'm going to put you wise to a line of stuff that you must seem to find 