The Vault By Murray Leinster I THE window slid up easily--too easily--and Mike waited a long time, listening, before he made a move. The whole huge pile of the factory was still. There were no lights anywhere, except that dim one by the gate through the stockade. Lying quite still in the darkness, Mike waited. There was no sound, no ringing of alarm bells, no bustle of activity anywhere. The manufacturing plant of the Whit- ney Jewelry &amp; Watch Company re- mained as it had been before, a vast, still pile of brick, with empty-eyed windows staring blankly at the night. And yet. . . . That window had opened very easily. Mike meditated, his little eyes gleaming in the darkness. Then he saw a tiny flicker of light in the distance. The window he had opened was at the end of a long corridor, and he saw the watchman walking un- hurriedly away from him. The watch- man's legs threw monstrous shadows from the lantern he carried, Mike could not see his face, but he could see the uniform and note the absolute leisure and confidence with which the man was moving. He paused, as Mike watched, and inserted his key in a watchman's clock. He turned it, registering his pres- ence and vigilance on a strip of paper within the mechanism. Then, casually, he went on his way. In a few moments he turned a corner and was lost to sight. Mike grinned to himself in the ob- scurity. With monkey-like agility he scrambled through the open window, making no sound. Once within the walls of the factory he waited another long minute for a noise. Distant and hollow, he heard the watchman's foot- falls, unhurried, methodical, as he made his round. Then, softly, Mike lowered the win- dow. He wore rubber-soled shoes. His eyes were those of a cat, and his ears were attuned to the slightest warning of danger, but he heard no faintest sound --not even his own footfalls--save the distant, regular steps of the watchman. The watchman wore creaky shoes. Like some night-flying moth the in- truder slipped through the corridors of the untenanted factory. All about him there were smells. Oil--that would be the delicate lathes where precious metals were worked. Once he smelled fresh paint. And there was that curious odor of freshly mopped floors. The scrub- women had come after the closing of the factory and done their work. Then he smelled faded flowers. Someone had brought them and put them in a glass of water, and they had been left. Mike paid little or no attention to smells. The place he sought was on the second floor, in the rear--the colossal vault where all the precious things in which the factory dealt were gathered for safety during the night. He made his way there, silently. Every little while he stopped to listen for the un- varying footfalls of the watchman. They went on, unsuspicious and con- fident. Through an arduous and twice inter- 30 