His Thirteenth Wife 97 launches to bring me home. It won't take more than half an hour, and I'll eat supper later." So he took the candy box from his wife's hands, and helped her into the boat. She went directly to the little engine and started it as he stepped aboard. The bomb would not blow up for about an hour. In twenty minutes he would be at the station landing. When he got out, he would put the candy box by the gasoline tank and lay a tarpaulin over it, with the explanation that he did so to keep it from being wetted by the spray. Mrs. Bruckner would think nothing of his doing that, and would probably forget all about the candy until it reminded her of itself forcibly. Speedily the little boat chugged away from the wharf and cut the waves like a knife as it shot off toward the station pier. It was twilight, growing gradu- ally darker, and lights began to twinkle from the group of cottages ahead. "Perhaps," Bruckner suggested to his wife, "I'll stay over at the post office for a while. Maybe I can get some of the men to play a game of pool, and go back home about ten o'clock. Supper being cold, it won't make any differ- ence, and I can make some fresh--" But he never made it. There was a terrific crash. The little motor launch was rent asunder. When the detonation died away, there was nothing left but a few pieces of floating wreckage, and, curiously, a red ribbon floating on the surface of the sea. Bruckner and his wife had been blown to atoms. The clockmaker had worked well and the bomb had gone off precisely as he had planned--at the hour appointed by Bruckner himself. But the former cre- ator of timepieces for the Czar was not a man who read the daily papers. In preparing the bomb and setting the clock, he had not known of the fact that the daylight saving law for the season went into effect at the stroke of two that morning. Hence the explosion had occurred just one hour earlier than Bruckner had expected it would. VI But simultaneously with the crash that ended the lives of the Bruckners, two strange men appeared before their little bungalow. The visitors on the beach looked out to sea, not knowing that the criminal they sought was now beyond their reach. "Gosh!" one of them exclaimed. "That gasoline certainly made a thor- ough job of it! It won't even be worth while to send out a rescue boat." The other detective shrugged. "I'm more interested in what we're likely to find inside the house," he said. "Since nobody seems to be home, suppose we go right in." They did, and they made a thorough search, including a chemical analysis of the coffee on the stove and the cold snack on the table. It was a delicious looking little layout of tempting mor- sels, but the chemist who tested it whistled loudly in amazement when his task was finished. "The old girl must have been in a hurry to finish this chap !" he announced. "She's put enough poison in all this stuff to kill an elephant. Funny, too-- because she always worked slowly be- fore--" "Before?" questioned his companion. "Is she one of those fiends who marry a lot of men and murder them for their insurance?" The chemist nodded. "She was tried twice and acquitted for lack of convict- ing proof--but we've been watching her ever since, and her mug's in the Rogues' Gallery under the alias of Arsenic Annie." B.M.--Aug.--7 