Exterior to the Evidence 67 "I do!" he answered. "Tust said so!" Weathershaw reached for the cigars, selected one, quietly lighted it, and be- gan to smoke. He let a minute pass-- in silence. "Well, I know he wasn't!" he said suddenly, in sharp, staccato accents. Etherton twisted round in his chair, and Letty looked up from her work. But Sir John, who, it was evident to Marrows and Weathershaw, had dined pretty freely, and was in a state of great confidence, smiled disdainfully. "Ah, you do, do you ?" he said. "Well --no offence--don't know you at all, you know--you're young! Young-- and confident, eh?" "Confident about what I know," re- torted Weathershaw. "And what's that?" asked Etherton. He was watching the detective keenly, and as he watched, he fancied that he saw a certain glance, which might have been a signal, exchanged between him and Marrows. "Sir Marston says you might tell us something?" "Yes!" answered Weathershaw. "I can--now. But"--he paused and waved his cigar in Sir John Arncliffe's direc- tion--"as this gentleman thinks I'm young and1--as he puts it--confident, perhaps you'd better tell him, Mr. Etherton, that I've been on this job-- professionally!" "Mr. Weathershaw is a private de- tective," said Etherton, looking at his guest. "With a reputation!" Sir John nodded--indulgently. Then he shook his head again. "No good!" he said. "Too deep-- deep down!" Etherton smiled at Weathershaw. "What do you know ?" he asked. "To start with, this," responded Weathershaw. "I know--for a fact, now--why Sir Cheville Stanbury was attacked on the night of his death. It was not for any reason but one. What his assailants wanted was--your papers!" CHAPTER XXV Denounced Weathershaw let his gaze wander round to the consequential little man on the lounge as he made this announce- ment. And he immediately realized something which at that moment was sorely puzzling Marrows and arousing astonishment in Marston. There was not the slightest sign of surprise in Sir John Arncliff e's face, and Weathershaw suddenly knew why. Here before him was another of those men who, born schemers and plotters, cannot believe that their plans can miscarry. Sir John Arncliffe, said Weathershaw to himself, was at that moment assuring his own mind that the secret was safe between Madgwick, Stones, and himself, and would never, could never be revealed. From that point Weathershaw began to take an almost malicious pleasure in unfolding his story in the presence of the man who as yet had no suspicion that he was concerned in it. "When I was called into this case," continued Weathershaw, "I began my work on it by reading every available account of the inquest held on Sir Cheville Stanbury. And I very quickly came to the conclusion that the true ob- ject of whoever it was that assailed Sir Cheville on his homeward way that night was, as I have just said, the pa- pers relating to your invention. I had heard, more than once, of the efforts made by men who wished to steal the secret of a really important invention, and I was sure that in this case there was somebody, behind the scenes, who wanted, ardently, to rob you of yours!" Weathershaw paused for a moment and looked round. He had already got the attention of his audience. But he was chiefly interested in two of its 