His Thirteenth Wife 91 additional difficulty in collecting his in- heritance after the obsequies. Such de- tails would be bound to be annoying and Bruckner loved simplicity in this respect. A few thousand dollars--always less than his own little nest egg--and per- haps a small property upon which no other heirs had any claim--were to be readily gathered in without the formal- ity of court proceedings or the advice of counsel. After each deal, he cashed in his gains, opened a new bank account under a new name, and stored his net profits in one of his safety deposit boxes. This had been going on for years. It was true that such gradual means of accumulating wealth necessitated many marriages. None of his wives had lived more than three years after the wedding, but in no case did he cause a death under twelve months. He re- mained prudent rather than avaricious or hasty. He never sought a rapid denouement at the risk of personal safety. Moreover, his wives all died seemingly natural deaths and were fit- tingly interred. Bruckner would not countenance anything so crude as to savor of murder. Also, Bruckner had a certain sentiment about proper burials. As a result each simple ceremony was marked with unostentatious respect, while the countryside was dotted here and there with nicely cared for graves and tastefully adequate tombstones. Everything he did was done very well. II When anaylzed, Bruckner's plan was as simple as it was practical and result- ful. He would go to a small town and take a comfortable room at a cheap hotel or boarding house, frequented only by men. Without undue heraldry, he would announce that he was seeking a suitable place to end his days. After he had attained the age of fifty, this sounded reasonable, so he discarded the various fantastic stories so successfully circulated during his youth. These had been ingenious, but rather more risky. In fact, he now looked back with con- cern upon the chances he had taken in connection with his first alliance--con- tracted when he was twenty. His initial venture had culminated admirably, however, and his four successive ones --covering a scant ten years--also paid him neat profits. Now, when he was installed in a new and temporary residence, Bruckner would make it a point to scrape up a speaking acquaintance with a few sub- stantial but humble souls in the neigh- borhood. He never associated with those who were prominent or overly endowed with worldly goods. He could not afford to make a permanent name for himself. He was always fading out of or into a picture. He was but a passing- incident in the life of each community. To his chosen cronies, he would casually state that he was a plain man without frills. He regretted that he had not settled down and taken unto himself a life companion before he had grown too old to think of matrimony. Frequently this observation would bring forth good-natured chuckles and sly winks. Male matchmakers would pass on the word to their romance- hatching wives, and soon several no longer young hopefuls would begin to preen themselves and press Mr. Bruck- ner to drop in for tea. Reluctantly, he would accept, and begin to judiciously sound out the situation. If all seemed well, he would guardedly hint of his state of mind and eventually suggest a married partnership on the basis of mu- tual contribution to costs and common connubial convenience. If the proposi- tion met with a favorable reception' and the recipient of his attentions ap- peared pliable, the marriage would be solemnized at no distant date. 