The Phantom Check 29 "Wait a moment," he protested. "A careful and thorough search proved conclusively that it was not in the room. Now the door being in plain sight, I discarded it as a probable means of entrance, but I did find that this window here, which leads into the directors' room, was unlatched." "Some employee then," Wines ex- claimed, but the detective again cut him off. "I think that is the conclusion the average man would come to," he said enigmatically, "and there was but one bit of evidence, a tiny rift of ashes on the spot left vacant by the removal of the check." Abruptly he turned to Hackett. "Ever notice any ashes mixed up in your checks ?" he asked sharply. "No--yes, I have too!" the teller fairly stuttered in his excitement. "Mr. Cheever," Wines said with finality, "the employees of the bank are not allowed to smoke in the building, so--" "Where there's ashes there's fire," the detective assured him dryly. "Now that little drift of ashes on the table inter- ested me. I collected it carefully, and Sunday spent some anxious moments over it. Of course a novice can tell pipe ashes from cigarette ashes--" "Which was it?" Wines cut in eagerly. "Mr. Wines, it was neither." "Neither?" the banker echoed. Cheever leaned nearer. "Not tobacco ashes at all, Mr. Wines, but the ash left when paper is eaten up with certain chemicals! You see it now of course. Esseltine cashed with you, among his others, some checks treated with powerful chemicals, whose mutual reaction was so timed that in a brief while, at least within an hour, the check literally disappeared. Hayes and I tried the mixture at his office just before I came back this afternoon and it's odor- less and colorless, with absolutely no sensation of heat or cold. It was cer- tainly uncanny to sit there and watch a piece of paper disappear before your eyes. That explains the losses at Hackett's window. Esseltine cashed checks that were converted into ghosts of checks in short order." "But Dykes and I by comparing notes likely would have remembered an amount as large as five thousand dol- lars," Hackett remarked. "He could hardly have got away." "My guess is that he would," Cheever replied. "His flivver was at the office, and also' a grip well packed with dis- guises and clothes, mostly workingmen's stuff. We found that his hair was false, in reality he's as bald as a cook, and he's not as fat as he pretends. A lot of that's padding! And of course he'd have treated himself first of all to a shave. At the least he'd have been out of here three hours before you'd have fixed on him as guilty and three hours is a long time for a man of his shrewdness. I think not many small-town marshals would have picked up a smooth-faced, bald-headed, not over-fat man in greasy overalls and denominated him as Gabriel Esseltine. No, Mr. Hackett, give him an hour's start even, and Gabriel would have been on his way." Cheever glanced at his watch and knocking the ashes from his pipe got leisurely to' his feet. "I've got about half an hour to pack my collarbox and hit a train for Chi- cago," he remarked. At the office door he paused. "A dealer in phantoms, I'd call Esseltine," he chuckled. "The old boy is certainly there with bells. So long." 