124 The Finger Print Bureau In identification work in the Army, Navy and Marine Corps where they have to deal with thousands of men every year, no other system that has ever been invented would answer the purpose other than the finger print sys- tem, as by this system no matter whether they are identical twins, or their facial expressions are identically the same, they are known by their finger prints, and there can never be any mistake as to their identity. Identical twins are those who resemble each other the most, and unless some system had been devised such as the finger print system, there would never have been any way of differentiating twins, or people who closely resembled one another. In the case of criminals and fugitives from justice, these men will resort to every possible method to change their general appearance, such as using chemicals to change the color of their hair, and will also at times use pneumatic suits in order to change their appearance from slender to stout, but with all of these disguises there has never been found any plan by which they can change their finger prints, and their identity is forever known once their finger prints have been taken. Anyone who has had occasion to ex- amine the photographs of a given indi- vidual taken at different periods of life will see the most marked changes in each photograph, and a novice would be unable to state whether or not they were taken of the same person. The resem- blance in photographs has been so close that some of the foremost Bertillon operators in this country have been baffled. In the case of two negroes in the Leavenworth Penitentiary, both under the name of William West, their facial expressions and measurements (Continued on page 126) MEN WANTED for DETECTIVE WORK Experience Unnecessary Write J. GANOR, former Govt. Detective, 152, St. Louis, Mo. Sell Us Your Spare Time You can earn $15 to 150 a week writing show cards in your own home.--No canvassing.--A pleasaqnt profitable profession easily and quickly learnt by our new simple graphic block system. Artistic ability not necessary.--We teach you how, and supply you with work--Distance no object. Full particulars and booklet free. WILSON METHODS LIMITED--DEPT. P 64 Bast Richmond, Toronto, Canada. YOU CAN MAKE $18.00 DAILY Great Introductory Offer Giving These $1.25 Dress-Making Shears FREE Value $1.25 Self-Sharpening SHEARS With each sale of our wonderful 11 piece Toilet Article Assortment for only $1.75. Total store value $4.60 MY! HOW THEY SELL You get the interest with the free Shears. Walter Harris sold 800 boxes in 6 weeks. Profit over $600.00. ONLY 20 Boxes a Day Means $18.00 Daily Profit! ACT NOW! Sells like hot cakea year 'round. A baby could sell "Lucky 11." Don't delay a min-ute. Write for circulars explaining our unique plans, in-cluding 30 other packages. Act Now! E. M. DAVIS CO., DEPT. 1347 CHICAGO, ILL. You Needn't Tell the Secret Restore your graying hair with Mary T. Goldman's Hair Color Restorer and no one will ever know. No streaks or freakish discoloration, nothing to wash or rub off. The restored color is even and perfectly natural in all lights. Mail coupon today for free trial bottle and test on a single lock. Be sure to state exactly the color of your hair. En-close a lock if possible. When convinced by wonderful results, get a full-sized bottle at drug-gist or direct. MARY T. GOLDMAN 1387 Goldman Bldg., St. Paul, Minn. Please send me your FREE trial bottle of Mary T. Goldman's Hair Color Re-storer. The natural color of my hair is black........ jet black........ dark brown................ medium brown.... light brown, light auburn or blond...... Name...... Address....... In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO BM 