The Failure 73 home and abroad, Duncan held to the firm opinion that his wife had conferred a favor upon him by marrying him. The fact that he had rescued her from a life of drudgery in the shipping room o£ the factory changed his opinion not one iota. Nor did Mrs. Duncan fail to keep his memory refreshed whenever oppor- tunity offered itself. Amos Duncan longed to appear as a hero in the eyes of his wife. It had taken him two years to screw up his courage to the point of robbing Carney &amp; Kirk. Yet he had planned the affair so often that he knew he would be abso- lutely above suspicion. And with the money once in his hands, he could hide it until all memory of the affair had blown over and then, with a carefully concocted story of a lucky speculation on 'Change, resign and migrate to some distant city to spend his declining years in ease with the lady who had assumed his name. Carney &amp; Kirk always paid off in cash. Duncan knew that there was close to fifty thousand dollars in the vault ready to go into the pay envelopes in the morning. As assistant cashier and one of the old timers with the firm he had been entrusted with the combina- tion. He had read that skilled burglars are able to open vaults by listening to the whirl of the mechanism. A rag sat- urated with alcohol would do away with tell-tale finger prints. The police would think the robbery the work of a profes- sional. Still walking on his toes, he worked his way through the maze of desks to the big vault in the rear of the office behind the cashier's cage. Taking a tiny flashlight from his pocket, he pressed the button and allowed the stream of light to play over the dial, while he manipulated the affair with fingers that trembled as from the ague. It refused to work. ... In his nervous- ness he had gone past the number. He took a deep breath and with the sweat standing out in great beads upon his face, attacked the job again. . . . Someone was entering the office through one of the rear doors leading from the factory! He stopped for a second. Then, as he heard the footsteps coming toward him in the darkness, he leaped outside the cage and drew his revolver. He had never fired a gun in his life. He had bought this one--a cheap, second-hand affair--merely as a matter of precaution and because he knew that burglars al- ways carried such weapons. From out of the darkness came a flash ! A report! A bullet sped past his head and flattened itself against the vault door! It must be that Judkins, the faithful, had heard something suspi- cious and had entered. He longed to call out to the watchman his name. . . . The realization of his mission in the office at that time of the night stopped him. Involuntarily, he gave a little squeak of fear. A second bullet passed unpleasantly near. Instinctively--just as a cornered rat will fight--so his finger pressed the trig- ger of his own gun. He fired aimlessly in the general direction of the other, dodging from desk to desk, knocking over chairs. . . . He was in a panic of fear. The other's fire ceased suddenly. From out of the darkness across the great room came a dull, throaty cry. Something metallic jangled against the tiled floor. An instant later it was followed by a heavier body--a body that crashed against a desk as it dropped. Duncan leaped through the folding doors and out into the hallway again. To unlock the outer door and dash out onto the sidewalk was but the work of an instant. . . . Around the corner he heard the shrill whistle of the police- man on the beat as, attracted by the 