70 Exterior to the Evidence kett's, professing- that he'd heard she might have lodgings to let--she'd told him at once that she would have in a day or two, for two of her lodgers were leaving, and were at that moment pack- ing up. She showed him the room he could have--Madgwick was even then putting his luggage together in it. Hart- ley had a bit of talk with him, pretend- ing to ask how he'd liked the place; he gathered that Madgwick might be leav- ing next day--he'd got a much better job, he said, elsewhere. So Hartley re- turned to me--and I determined to act at once. Mr. Sindal had heard that Su- perintendent Marrows and Inspector Calvert were in the village; he fetched them to the inn; we were joined there by two detectives, and in company with Sir Marston Stanbury, for whom I'd telephoned, we all went up to Marriner's Fold." Etherton was getting excited. He had risen from his chair and was following Weathershaw's story with approving nods of the head. And from time to time he turned to Sir John with a smile as if to invite him to join in his own approval; but Sir John by that time was watching the narrator as if something in Weathershaw's speech and manner fascinated him. "We went straight into Mrs. Beck- ett's," continued Weathershaw, becom- ing more terse and emphatic. "Two men were there at supper: one, Madg- wick ; the other, a younger man, Stones. Madgwick was defiant, insolent, even certain of himself. But the other man suddenly gave way--nerves! Then Madgwick--as cool a scoundrel as ever I saw!--made a full confession. All," added Weathershaw, with a meaning look, "all but one thing!" "What--what?" exclaimed Etherton excitedly. "The name of the man who had been behind him!" replied Weathershaw. "I knew well enough that Madgwick had not started this affair himself. He'd been bribed. He admitted he'd been bribed. He admitted the truth of all that I'd suspected. He and Stones had waylaid Sir Cheville, not at Black Scar, but on the moor; had taken the papers from him; had handed them over to the man who wanted them; had received their pay! They were, in a sense, cats- paws. But there was a hand behind-- a man, Mr. Etherton, who was willing to do anything, pay anything, to get at your valuable secret!" "In God's name, who ?" demanded Etherton. Sir John looked across at Weather- shaw. And Weathershaw, in that glance, learned another lesson in psychol- ogy. Even now, the rich man was trust- ing in his riches to deliver him!-- Weathershaw realized that the chief culprit was still so confident of the power of his money that he believed that the price he had paid, the price he might pay in the future, had kept and would keep his name out of the matter. And suddenly he spoke and those who knew the secret felt a sense of disgust to hear a note of sneering self-satisfac- tion in his voice. "He's just told you that they wouldn't give any name!" said Sir John. "Natu- rally Madgwick wouldn't! Likely thing is, Etherton, my lad, that there's no name to give." Weathershaw found Marrows's out- stretched foot under the table, and gave it a quiet kick with one of his own. He rose slowly to his feet, and Marrows rose, too. So, also, did Marston. "No!" said Weathershaw, looking across, past Etherton, to his guest. "I said Madgwick wouldn't give the name in his confession. But he gave it when his confession was finished! And--full proof! Do you want to hear it? Your name, then!--Sir John Arncliffe! Mr. Etherton, that's the man who has your papers! That's the man who put Sir 