More Deadly than the Viper By Harry C. Hervey, Jr. I THAT face clung to Tremaine's mind. Three hours ago, when he and his caravan had ridden into Tsagan-dhuntsa, he had seen it framed in the doorway of the low, swarth building that flew the Russian flag. A white woman--here on the fringe of the world! For four dreary months he had seen only the faces of brown and yellow women, had heard only their tongues; and the longing for the sight of a white woman, for the sound of a white woman's voice, had become a terrible thirst that threat- ened to wither his soul; so now-- after that journey through the white hell, from Urga across the North Gobi and the Tchuchun-Shan Range into Tibet--the glimpse of that pal- lid face in the doorway of the Rus- sian Consulate in this desert village inspired in him a profound reverence for its owner. A white woman. That face haunted him. She, too, haunted him, for as she paused there in the winter twi- light, glancing over her shoulder, he found something pathetically young, something almost tragic about her. He wondered vaguely at her pres- ence in the Consulate doorway, won- dered, too, if she were connected in any manner with the Consul .... He shivered involuntarily and bent lower over the argussun fire. Since nightfall the cold of the Tibet winter had crept into the room in the Rest House where he sat wrapped in his sheepskin coat and it bit through his heavy clothing with the savageness of a fanged beast. Following the evening meal of tsamba, talkan-cakes and tea he had retreated to his bedchamber, one of the three private rooms off the main hall of the caravanserai, the pallid face of the first white woman that he had seen in four months burning in his brain. As he sat there, the flames painting his tanned skin a ruddy glow, he heard footsteps in the hall and a moment later the burlap in the door was thrust aside by Shagdur, his cara- van-bashi. "I have a message for you, master," announced the high-cheeked Mongol youth, halting just within the bare, dim-lit room. "For me?" echoed Tremaine. "Yes, master--from the lady at the Russian Consulate." At his words Tremaine's muscles grew rigid. "You must be mistaken, Shagdur." The boy shook his head. "The lady called to me as I was walking along the main street, saying, 'Go to your master and ask him if he will come to the Consulate. Tell him it is urgent.' Who else could she mean but you--for are not you my master?" With a word of thanks to the B. M.--Aug.--4 49 