The Summons 31 For a moment he was at a loss, but, when he tried to speak, he was silenced by Dodd's beckoning hand. He ap- proached, stopping at Dodd's side, his eyes following the other man's finger. "I want you to tell me what you see in his face," said Dodd. The request seemed so strange to Dr. Stockbridge that he glanced up quickly to see if Dodd were in earnest. What could he see in a dead man's face but --death? However, a glance was suffi- cient to assure him of his companion's earnestness, and he lowered his eyes. A long moment of silent scrutiny, and then the surgeon bent lower, his eyes nar- rowing. "Yes," he muttered, awed by his dis- covery. "I see what you mean. It's amazing. It wasn't that way when he died--" "What do you see?" interrupted Dodd. "The mouth," said Dr. Stockbridge. "The corners seem to droop more. And the eyelids look more strained. His whole face seems to have changed, as though he were--" "Dissatisfied?" prompted Dodd, as the surgeon hesitated. "Yes. As though he were restless and unhappy about something." "Ah!" muttered Dodd. "I noticed that when I first came into the room, and. I have been held by it. Dr. Stock- bridge," he added, looking up for the first time, "my old friend is restless, dis- satisfied. His spirit is not at peace. And that is why the bell is ringing." "Then you think--" "I am certain. And I have been standing here, wondering what he was distressed about, what message he was trying to convey. He is trying to say something to us, doctor. He is trying to direct our attention to something he wants done. And he will not rest, doctor, until it is done. I must try to understand him. I must find out what he wants." "Have you any idea?" "Perhaps, but I am not sure." He turned. "Shall we go back to the office?" he asked. When they re-entered the office, they found a group of internes and nurses gathered in a corner of the room. The report of the mysterious calls from Room 42 had spread throughout the building, and an £wed, silent circle of men and women in hospital uniform were watching the indicator for the call that was momentarily expected. An in- terne came forward as Dodd' and the surgeon entered. "It 'rang twice- while you were out," fie said. "And young Carrington is here, in the inner office. He was told, and when he heard the bell ring and. how the number came up he fainted. He's lying down in there." Dr. Stockbridge, followed by Dodd, hurried to the inner office. Elsa Lloyd was bending over a couch, on which lay Edward Carrington, his back to the door. The girl came forward as the men entered. "He's better now," she said. Dr. Stockbridge approached the couch, caught Carrington's wrist and touched two fingers to his pulse. The youth did not stir, his arm hanging limp in the 'surgeon's grasp. Dr. Stockbridge looked up at last and nodded reassuring- ly to Dodd. Then he turned to the girl. "I'll look after him," he said. "We won't need you." The girl withdrew. Madison Dodd retired to the window, and he stood there, his eyes fixed on the horizon, in deep thought. The surgeon came up to him. "Poor fellow," he muttered. "I can understand how he'd feel about it." 