The Best New Mystery Books By Captain Frank Cunningham In this department THE BLACK MASK will present every month brief reviews of the best new books of detective and mystery stories, stories of the occult and stories of adventure. Needless to say, the department will be conducted without fear or favor. Only good books will be noticed. There will be absolutely no boosting in the interest of publishers. Every book mentioned may be bought at any bookstore. THE BLACK MASK will NOT receive orders. I The Skeleton Key, by Bernard Capes--If Hugh had returned from hunting by another path, or if he had left his gun behind him, or if one could have told just when the shot was heard, perhaps the murder of beautiful Annie Evans might have been cleared up with- out so much effort on the part of the famous Sergeant Ridgeway from Scot- land Yard, or so much mutual suspicion on the part of the various guests assem- bled at the Hall. Baron Le Sage of doubtful fame might have gone on play- ing chess, and pretty Audrey's love affairs might not have become so tangled. But it's just as well as it is, perhaps, for the result of all these complications is a thoroughly exciting detective story. II The Great Impersonation, by E. Phillips Oppenheim--Sir Everard Domi- ney, in his twenty-sixth year, leaves England, and after ten years of wan- dering turns up in 1913 in German East Africa, where Baron Leopold Von Rag- astein, a military commandant, rescues him from death in the bush. Dominey and Von Ragastein soon discover that they knew each other at Oxford, and that the amazing likeness which existed between them in undergraduate days still persists. Then Von Ragastein, who has been ordered to London by the Wil- helmstrasse, determines to make way with the Englishman, assume his iden- tity and enter upon his espionage as Sir Everard Dominey. There is a love story of charm and appeal and a mystery that the reader is hardly likely to solve until the last page. III Sold Out of Celebes, by Captain A. E. Dingle--Jack Barry, a seaman stranded in Batavia, and Tom Little, an enthusiastic salesman lusting for adven- ture, join forces in the employment of one Cornelius Houton, the owner of var- ious interests in the island of Celebes. Thither the two men journey in a boat provided by Houten and commanded by Barry to investigate an agent of whose honesty Houten has become suspicious. On their arrival the two quickly proceed to concern themselves with an effort to save a fair young missionary from the evil intentions of another agent. Things happen swiftly to the two young men, not always pleasantly, and Little's thirst for action is fully gratified, while the perplexing attitude of the charming missionary, who apparently does not wish to be saved, reduces Barry to des- 127 