MAIL  Blue-Eyed Blonde  Dear Editor: Can a lonely girl from the good old Pine Tree State crash Our Air Mail? I'm a blue-eyed blonde, 19 years of age and I stand five feet four inches tall. My hobbies are writing letters and collecting snapshots. Will exchange snaps with all who write. Come on, boys and girls, from 16 to 60, drop me a line. I promise to answer all letters. AVIS BRYANT  R.F.D. No. 2, Belfast, Me.  Kansas Farm Lad  Dear Editor: I'm a reader of RANCH ROMANCES and like it very much. I am a 13 year-old boy with blue-gray eyes and blond curly hair. I live on a farm and have my own saddle horse. Would like to correspond with boys and girls everywhere. My nickname is Curly. My hobbies are reading, horseback riding and motorcycling. BILL HUMPHREYS  R.R. 3, Ulysses, Kans.  Drop a Line to Jersey  Dear Editor: I am a girl of 20 years of age and would love to hear from anyone, any age, from all over the country. Have been quite ill and the only enjoy- ment I get out of life is writing and receiving letters. So, come on, friends, and drop me a line. MYRTLE SWEENEY  5 Green St, Bordentown, N. J.  Drop Her a Few Lines!  Dear Editor: Can you find room in your column for a girl with blue eyes, brown hair and a fair complexion? I enjoy jitterbugging, swimming and figure skat- ing, and I also do some skiing. Would like to hear from boys and girls all over, especially cow- girls and cowboys. Everyone from 16 to 20, drop a few lines to me and I'll answer promptly. JEANNINE STIRLING  5204 5th Ave., Rosemount, Montreal, Canada.  Cherokee Miss  Dear Editor: I'm an Indian and belong to the Cherokee tribe. Am 13 years old, but am tall and slender. I really love to write letters, so come on and write. Would like to hear from anyone from 6 to 60! ELEONORA COOKSEY R. 4, Box 286, Stillwell, Okla.     Double R Fan  Dear Editor: Will you please print my plea for pen pals in RANCH ROMANCES for me? I am 45 years old and have brown hair and hazel eyes. I've been enjoying RANCH ROMANCES stories for 6 years or more. Hope someone will answer this plea. Thank you. MRS. ANNA MILLS  40 Taber St, Patchogue, L. I., N. Y.  Cape Cod Pal!  Dear Editor: I am a girl of 17 who'd like to hear from girls from all over the nation. I have dark blond hair and brown eyes. My main interests are writing letters and bowling. Promise to answer each letter as promptly as I possibly can, so won't everyone between 16 and 28, who wants a pen pal from Cape Cod, please write! BETTE SAWYER  S. Harwich, Cape Cod, Mass.  Hoosier Girl  Dear Editor: I am a true Hoosier girl of 14 years of age. Is there a place for me in your column? I've light brown hair and dark eyes. Most people think me pretty. I enjoy horseback riding and music. Will be glad to exchange snaps. Come on, pals, from 14 to 20, write to a lonesome gal. PAT O'BRIEN  R. R. 1, Vincennes, Ind.     125