94 J. FRANK DOBIE    not run full speed on the rope and jerk him- self down. His response showed that he had been roped before. He wheeled just as the rope tightened and with wide-open mouth rushed at his captor. He did not seem to see the horse ridden by the vaquero. He was after the man. He nearly seized him, but the agile cow-pony had wheeled also.  Fortunately for the vaquero's life, some scattered mesquite trees grew just ahead of him. Guiding his well reined pony, he  He would lead out pacing, the manada following at a dead run.  managed to get one of these mesquites be- tween himself and the roped stallion. The mesquite served as a snubbing post for him to halt and then tie the magnificent horse. Magnificent for, unlike many mustangs appearing magnificent at a distance, this one remained so at close quarters, even though worn by his long war of defense.  Tying him up as close as he could and leaving him to lunge at the rawhide-strong riata, the vaquero left in a long lope to get help at the Rancho Chaparro Prieto. He returned in less than an hour with two other vaqueros. With three ropes on the White Mustang now, thus checking his at- tempts to fight, they led and drove him to a spot on the prairie near the ranch corrals where the mesquite grass was particularly fine. There they threw the proud King of the Mustangs, tied ropes on him so that he could not choke himself to death, fixed a clog on one of his forefeet, and staked him. When night came, he was standing where they left him, not having taken a mouthful of grass.  The next day they carried a sawed-off barrel, used as a trough, within the horse's reach and filled it with water. He did not     notice it. For ten days and ten nights he remained there, grass all about him, water at his nostril's tip, without taking one bite to eat or one swallow out of the trough. Then he lay down and died. He fulfilled the ringing cry of Patrick Henry, "Give me liberty or give me death." As he had lived, he died--nobly.  CERTAIN black mus- tang stallions achieved fame also, but no one of them ever became so famous as the Pacing White Mustang, and not add themselves together to make one single, continuous tradition. Here are some of the several:  In the early days of Parker County, Texas, a beautiful black leader of the mus- tangs became the object of many men's de- sire. After they had tried in various ways to catch him, two or three persistent mus- tangers dug a hole large enough to contain a man out on a prairie which the black and his manada frequently used. Grass made the whole invisible except to eyes almost over it. Day after day one of the men rode to this hole, gave his horse to a partner to lead out of sight, and, with loaded rifle, waited for the mustang to ap- proach wnthin shooting distance. His ob- ject was to crease the mustang--shoot him through the top of the neck so that the tendon running there would be so injured as to paralyze the animal temporarily. Creasing took an expert shot; a fraction high, and the bullet would be harmless; a fraction too low, and it would be fatal.  After the concealed mustanger's patience was about exhausted, his companions man- aged one day to haze the black stallion with- in rifle shot. The bullet paralyzed the beautiful stallion all right--paralyzed him permanently.  Among the thousands of mustang horses grazing in the San Joaquin Valley of Cali- fornia in early days, the one that lives strongest in stories still told was a black stallion. Because he was the most beautiful and the fleetest animal in all the manadas ranging around Tulare Lake, he was the most sought for. Pens were built with long wings to catch him. While many other mus-