Out of The Chutes By Tex Sherman Editor's Note: Tex Sherman, who gives you rodeo news hot off the griddle, is per- sonally acquainted with performers and producers from coast to coast. Have you any question you'd like answered about any particular rodeo or contestant? Write Tex Sherman in care of Ranch Ro- mances, 515 Madison Ave., New York, 22, N.Y. Be sure to enclose a stamped, self- addressed envelope, and Mr. Sherman will send you a prompt reply. The rodeo's on, folks. Here they come, "Out of the Chutes" and into the arena, Tex Sherman announcing!    IN TUSCON they staged a rodeo with with plenty of hands on the job-- cowboys from the ranclies, soldiers, sailors and marines, also war workers; anyone in fact who wanted to try his hand at rodeoing. With all these brand new riders, the stock had a holiday. The rodeo was sponsored by the Tuscon Division of the Vul- tee Consolidated Company, whose workers found broncs as hazardous as bombers.  Some new feminine talent showed up at Madi- son Square Garden this year, for instance Mitzi Lucas, beautiful daughter of the Tad Lucas called by many the greatest cowgirl of all time. This was Mitzi's first trip to the Garden, and she made a big hit with the newspaper men of the big city. Mitzi, though it's her ambition to be a great cowgirl like her mother, wants to get into some- thing to help win the war. When she left New York she was planning to go into a defense plant in Tuscon.  Under the guidance of Florence Randolph, another veteran cowgirl and a fine one, newcomer Nancy Bragg made New York sit up and take notice. Nancy is pretty and graceful and a darn good trick rider.  New York missed Vern Goodrich, trick roper and rider, this year, as well as his wife, Myrtle. Vern is in the Army, formerly stationed at Fort Riley, Kans., and now somewhere in Nebraska. Myrtle, who didn't get to the Garden rodeo be- cause she was visiting Vern at camp, is the daughter of those famous rodeo folks, Lil and Cy Compton.  Manuel Enos, who treated himself to a new Stetson for the New York rodeo, was called by his draft board shortly thereafter and is now wearing an overseas cap.     Mayor Harmon W. Peery of Ogden, Utah, tells us that their rodeo did a record-breaking business. Though it looked for a time as if that show would be called off this year, Hizzoner kept the horse opera alive, and it's one of the big 10 of the rodeo circuit. Among the mayor's guests were Abbott and Costello and Frank Moore of the Garden tak- ing a busman's holiday.  Word has reached us that Waddie Capehart, well known California contestant, died while rid- ing in the car of Jimmy Hough, another top- hand. Both boys had just finished a rodeo where they'd contested in the calf-roping, and were re- turning home. Waddie told Jimmy he wanted to catch some sleep and for Jimmy to wake him up when they got home. When Jimmy tried he found that Waddie's heart had stopped. Waddie's brother took charge and laid him to rest in Colusa. Thus passes another top-hand.  We hear that Ike Rude and Everett Shaw have challenged any two steer-ropers to a matched roping contest, which should be something. Each roper is to rope 10 steers for a $2500 pot. Any of you ropers interested contact King Merritt at Federal, Wyo.  We hear tell: That Dick Griffith and his pretty  120