40 DOROTHY L. BONAR    for two had been scraped and neatly stacked. He had miscalculated. Hal Davies had already eaten and gone. Ruth was here alone, busy in the next room. Warned by the sound of his entrance, she would appear in a moment. . . .  She did. She stopped short at sight of him, her eyes going wide. She took a step in his direction, caught herself and shrank against the side of the door-jamb, every line of her slender figure rigid beneath a blue calico gown.  "Tracy!" she whispered.  The low music of her voice sent a quiv- er through the frame of the man menac- ing her. The barrel of the gun gripped in a lean brown hand sagged slightly.  He had been a fool to imagine he could ever harm this girl, Tracy Holt reflected with sudden bitterness. Facing her now, he found it hard to believe that she had jilted him, run away with the man who would soon have been his partner and taken along the entire proceeds of the sale of his Lazy H herd. He could not deal with her as he meant to deal with Davies, for she possessed still the charm that had enslaved him.  Brown hair fluffed about her head in shining waves. Her nose was adorably short, her eyes the deep blue of a moun- tain lake. They met his without evasion, despite the fear holding them wide.  Sight of her served only to drive home once more his sense of unbearable loss, to fan to a new heat his hatred of the man responsible for it.  "Where is he?" he demanded harshly.  The girl straightened her shoulders. "There's no reason for you to fight with Hal," she said quietly. "If you've got to take your spite out on someone, let it be me. It was my idea to run away with the money, not his!"  Tracy was staggered. Whatever he had prepared himself for during the weeks it had taken to track down these runaways, it was certainly nothing so brazen as this. As he struggled to throw off shock, Ruth spoke again, pleadingly.  "Can't you be generous, Tracy? I know it must have been a terrible blow. But if you'd stop to think--"  "I'd forget you were a woman and kill     you, too!" interrupted Tracy in a gust of passion. With an effort he recovered self- control, repeated evenly, "Where is he?"  Silence stretched between them for one long moment. Then, "I won't tell you!" answered the girl. "You--"  A step on the veranda silenced her lips. Tracy started, whirled. But the girl had held his attention a moment too long. Be- fore he could so much as snap a shot in the direction of the newcomer, a report rang out. Lead bored hotly through his upper right arm. His gun clattered to the floor and his hand dropped with it, fingers abruptly red and dripping.  "Move back!" ordered Hal Davies. He picked up Tracy's gun after the latter had obeyed slowly, his retreat into the room marked by a trail of dark, shiny drops.  With a little sob Ruth tore her eyes from them, flew to meet her rescuer. He put a comforting arm about her shoulders, but his brown gaze held that of the other man.  "I came out of the barn just in time to see you go into the house," he ex- plained. "Thought it looked like you." Unexpectedly he added, "I'm sorry I had to wing you, Tracy. But you looked plumb dangerous, and I couldn't take a chance."  He was about Tracy's own age and of an equal height. He wore a white Stet- son shoved back on curly hair. And there was no suggestion whatever of guilt in his look.  It was like a slap in the face to Tracy, this fact that, although Ruth had acknowl- edged their transgression, both should con- tinue to face him, proud and unrepentant. He said tightly,  "You won't talk your way out of this, Davies! Better finish me now while you've got the chance. You'll never get another!"  A look that was almost repugnance flitted over the redhead's face. "What's the use of going on like that, Tracy?" he demanded conciliatingly. "This thing can be patched up now that you're here, can't it?"  Derision twisted Tracy's mouth. "I knew you'd try to squirm out of it as soon as I caught up with you!" answered he bit- ingly. "Well, squirm and be damned! There's a day of reckoning coming to you