64 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN    he decided, had found a vein of gold or silver that had been overlooked and was showing it to the other. This would ex- plain their secrecy.  After a while they returned and halted outside the doorway to talk. Kent could not hear what they said, and presently one of them mounted and rode away. The other came into the shack and Kent stole to the doorway and chanced a glance into the other room. The man had raised the globe of the lantern and was about to blow out the flame. He held his hat in the hand which had raised the globe and Kent saw a smooth-shaven face and a head as devoid of hair as were his cheeks. The flame leaped and died, and in the ensuing dark- ness Kent heard him hang the lantern on a nail and leave the building. Again came the soft beat of hoofs and then silence. Kent went back to bed and this time slept through until daylight.  It was mid-morning when he rode into the mining town of Modoc. It appeared to be a thriving community of considerable size, with several stores, a stage station and a new brick bank. He drew rein at a hitching-rail outside one of the stores and swung to the ground, pausing there to roll and light a cigarette. It was his intention to replenish his supplies and push on west- ward. He blew out the match, broke it and dropped it into the dust and flashed a casual glance across his saddle at the store. And as he did so, two persons came out of the building, and at sight of them his heart missed a beat and for a moment his brain went numb.  One of them was Syd Harper; the other was Ellen Blake!  IV Deep Water  KENT'S first reaction was shock--shock so strong as to obliterate surprise at seeing her here. In the few months since last he had looked into her face Ellen had aged ten years. Her eyes held a haunted, wor- ried expression, and there were shadows     under them. The brow which he remem- bered as soft and smooth now showed tiny lines of anxiety. There was a downward droop at the corners of the mouth which in the past had smiled so readily. Her whole attitude suggested worry, anxiety, fear.  They had not noticed him and as they descended to the sidewalk he bent his head and busied himself with a latigo strap. From the far side of the hitching-rail came her voice, lowered but intense. "You can do something about it. He spends his time in your Palace. He'll listen to you."  Harper answered smoothly. "My dear girl, you're mistaken. Ronnie's young and headstrong; he'll listen to nobody. If you can't do anything with him, I certainly can't."  "You can refuse to serve him drinks, refuse to let him gamble."  "On what grounds? Ronnie's free, white and old enough to look out for himself. Also he holds a position of some promi- nence--teller in the bank. I can't interfere with his freedom without a good excuse."  "It's just that you won't help me!" There was despair in Ellen's voice.  "I would if I could."  For a moment there was silence, then Kent heard the click of her heels on the plank sidewalk. He ventured a glance over his horse's back. Syd Harper was looking after her, a half-smile on his lips. Then he turned, for the first time aware of a pres- ence near him. But Kent bent his head again and all that Harper saw was the broad-brimmed hat of a man engaged with his rig. He went on down the street and now it was Kent who did the gazing.  The old inscrutable poker expression had returned to Bradford's face. Ellen was suffering and because he loved her so well he suffered with her. Ducking under the rail, he started after her, saw her turn into a cottage, followed swiftly and rapped on the door. She answrered at once and for several seconds stood there staring at him; and his heart leaped at the light which flamed in her eyes, even though it was quickly hidden.  "You followed me!" she accused sharply.  "Only to this cabin. Not to Modoc. I never dreamed you were here."