MISDEAL 7    "Why bother to run him in a corral? We can handle him where he is. That gray of yours'll hold an elephant an' my bay ain't no featherweight."  The foreman's heavy gray brows met in a scowl. "No," he disagreed--from habit. "We'll--"  Walt brought a coin from his pocket. "I'd sure like to get the rest of them posts set, an' it's a long way over to the corral," he said amiably. "I'll flip you for it. Heads we rope him where he is, tails we take him to the corral."  The banker chuckled. "Be a sport, Ford. Why, gosh man, if you can handle a rope anything like Walt here, you won't have any trouble."  When it was put like that, there wasn't much the foreman could do but give in. He was proud of his roping skill and resent- ed the implication that any squirt not more than ten years out of knee pants could out- class him.  Walt tossed the coin. Both men bent over it.  "Looks like I win," Walt said, picking up the nickel and pocketing it.  Ford Harrell nodded. He looked out of temper but he didn't try to welch on his bargain.  The bull was a big one and the quills had been in his nose long enough to put him in an ugly mood. He came around the hill bellowing death and destruction at anything that might be in his way, pawing the ground every few steps.  "I'll take his head," Ford Harrell said quietly.  Walt nodded. Whatever else his faults, Harrell was not a man to shirk his share of a dangerous job. He was the kind of a hand Walt liked to work wi[t]h.  The bull made no effort to get out of the way. Twelve feet away Harrell's loop snaked out and landed neatly over the big horns. Like the smart cowpony he was, Harrell's gray tightened the rope. The bull stood stock still for a moment, then with an angry rumble deep in his throat, he lowered his great head and came straight for the gray.  Instantly Walt dabbed a loop on one hind foot. Both horses, working like a team, jumped to tighten the ropes, and nearly a ton of bull meat flopped to the ground, bellowing impotent rage. . . .     Grinning a little because to him work like this was always fun, Walt Carmack swung down from his saddle, an extra lass rope over his arm. With one hand on the tight rope, he ran toward the helpless bull. Half- way there he heard the sudden spine-chill- ing whirr of a rattler. One jump carried him a good six feet forward and in the same second he felt the rope in his hand go slack as his horse spooked at the deadly noise.  Ford Harrell, likewise off his horse, saw what had happened and turned for his horse. Skittishly the gray shied sidewise. Now the bull [wa]s on his feet. He kicked twice and the loosened rope slipped off his hoof. He stood still for a moment, swinging his head from the gray to the bay and back again as if trying to make up his mind which enemy to tackle first.  Just as Harrell's boot reached for the stirrup the bull charged. The gray reared and backed away, and the foreman stum- bled and fell to the ground. One of the horse's flashing front hoofs struck him as the animal lunged sharply backward, trying to remain true to his training and keep the rope taut.  Harrell groaned and lay still. Walt cast a quick, desperate look about him. The bull was a valuable animal and he didn't want to kill him unless necessary. If he wasn't already fatally injured, Harrell was com- paratively safe as long as he lay flat on the ground. The bay was edging away with the high-headed, wise look of a horse that doesn't aim to be caught if he can help it. Walt swore at him, made a grab at the trail- ing rope, and missed.  Then as the bull made another charge at the now panic-stricken gray Walt sprinted after him, twirling the extra lariat. He jerked the loop over a hind foot again and dug in his boot heels. His weight slowed the bull some, but didn't anywhere near stop him. Walt was yanked roughly for- ward. Desperately he caught the rope around his bent left elbow for a more secure grip and yanked out his sixgun with his right.  The rope twisted tight, and there was a bruising pain in his left arm as he squeezed