92 J. FRANK DOBIE    times ranged even as far south as the Nueces, though this was not on his accus- tomed round. He kept clear of the timbers, never crossed the Colorado to the east, and did not range into the rocky cedar hills to the west. He seemed to like the rich mes- quite grass of rolling country edging the blacklands better than that on the black- lands themselves. His habits were closely studied.  It was observed that when persistently chased, the White Stallion usually moved southward. It was generally supposed that he had come up from that direction. There was some evidence that he had been im- ported to Mexico, had been brought up as far as the Texas Border by one of the own- ers of the great horseranches occupying that country, and then, after being estab- lished on this ranch, had quit it and the semi-domesticated horse stock to run with the mustangs. Many a good ranch stallion in those days answered the call of the wild mustangs, some of them never to be re- covered.  The White Stallion, no matter how chased, always in time came back to the water of, and the mesquite grass along Onion Creek. The favorite point of view from which to see him and his manada was Pilot Knob, about four miles from McKin- ney Falls. From this eminence John W. Young himself saw the stallion and his manada several times. Any mustanging party that proposed a chase generally sent a scout to Pilot Knob to locate their quarry.  The White Stallion's color, his alert movements and the large size of his mana- da, all made him and the bunch he led conspicuous. If started, he would lead out pacing--single-footing--the manada fol- lowing at a dead run. In a mile's distance he would gain at least a hundred and fifty yards on anything behind him. Then he would stop and look back, and wait while his bunch approached. If pursuers were still following, he would pace on, gaining and gaining, but again would stop and look back, thus keeping out of shooting, as well as roping, distance.  The Indians had spotted him and they gave him a few chases, but the most per- sistent chasers were from San Antonio, then a horseback town. A certain doctor of     San Antonio who was a horse fancier heard of the White Stallion, saw him in action, and offered five hundred dollars for him if de- livered in sound condition. Five hundred dollars in those days amounted to a small fortune.  A Mexican named Santa Ana Cruz de- termined to win the prize. He had a ranch on Onion Creek, near McKinney Falls, and had numerous vaqueros under him. He had led a desperate life, and it is said that he kept as many as ten guards around his house every night. His men had chased the White Stallion numerous times. One day they ran him seventy-five miles south and, when they got back home two days later, found him grazing with his mares on the accustomed range.  Now, to win the five hundred dollars, Santa Ana Cruz picked twelve riders, furnished each of them with two horses selected for speed and endurance--particu- larly endurance--and disposed them in the direction that the White Stallion might be expected to run after he was started. A scout on Pilot Knob saw the manada go in to water. After the horses had drunk, the nearest of the twelve men began the chase. The White Pacer took out in the direction of San Antonio. That first day, however, he did not keep his direction, and before the morning of the second day he had cir- cled back onto his favorite range. He was crowded harder, his mares lagged more, and on this day he crossed the Guadalupe, going southwest. For three days and three nights the Santa Ana Cruz men ceaselessly pursued him. The time picked for the chase was in the full of the moon in June, and the country covered was, in those days, nearly all open prairie.  Before the end of the third day, every animal in the manada following the White Stallion had been run down. He himself, however, had not once lagged, had not once broken his single-footing, except to change from right to left and left to right. Two of Santa Ana Cruz' relay men trailed him across the Frio River. Then they quit. The White Stallion was still pacing toward the Rio Grande.  He never returned to his old range. In time the Onion Creek country learned why.  Going on south, the Pacing Mustang no