DOUBLE TROUBLE 49    sharply from below. "You better rest where you are."  Rance just kept going. You could al- most see his body tense against the im- pact of the bullets that would surely come.  Beside Julie, Brade Barnett stirred slightly. His eyes were jetty bright against the sweat-streaked tan of his face. "I told you it was a trick," he muttered angrily. "He's still their breed. They aren't going to shoot. He'll get clean away."  Julie watched Brade's rifle barrel lift. "Well, if they don't shoot him, I will," Brade said flatly. "As soon as he gets out from behind that ledge." Brade's finger tightened slowly on the trigger. His hand was as steady as stone. . . .  IT WAS hard to say exactly when it be- gan. Perhaps it was already in the cards when Jeremiah Jarrett first came to this mesa, with his son Jere and his daugh- ter Jane, who was Julie's mother. In those days, his mind had been bright with visions of the vast cattle empire he was going to build from that first straggly herd of Texas longhorns. He couldn't fail. There was magic to that letter J, and unquenchable luck. The JJ would spread and spread until it took everything between the Cana- dian River and Carabozo Creek. All his children would bear that doubled J, and their children; and he'd been foolishly pleased when Julie's mother had married Frank Johnson. She would be a JJ, too; like her cousins, the twins Jesse and Jonas.  But before the JJ could do much spread- ing, the MacAllisters--the Colonel and his brother Aran, and their children--had come to homestead the tract below High Mesa, fencing the JJ off forever, blocking its growth.  There'd been more to the trouble than just the usual cowman-granger bitterness. It went back to the patrician roots of the MacAllisters in Tennessee, to the humble, shanty-origins of Jeremiah Jarrett in Ken- tucky. Pride had fought against envy. Re- sentment had simmered up in little ways-- mean, spiteful tricks to be laughed at in secret. But it had never come to this be- fore. Never this killing, this guns-drawn war.  Perhaps that had started on the rain-     soaked night when Julie had come home after five years spent with her father's sis- ter on an Oklahoma farm. Julie had al- most forgotten what life along Freshwa- ter Creek could be like.  And she'd forgotten too how any rainy- season cloudburst could turn the narrow road that served the mesa into a ribbon of gummy mud. Finding no cousin to meet her at the stage station and sure she could beat the threatening storm, she'd started out in the livery stable rig. The rain caught her almost squarely halfway between the ranch and town. And just by the turn-in to the MacAllister place, the rig careened into a rain-scooped rut and overturned, snapping an axle and pitching Julie out into the ooze. Before she could get to her feet, the frightened horse had kicked loose from the traces and gone galloping back the way he had come.  Knowing it would be foolish to try to plow through the storm on foot, Julie made her way to the MacAllister house to wait until the rain stopped.  Just as she was mounting the steps to the broad, pillared veranda of the big white house, she heard light, quick footsteps be- hind her. As she turned, lightning flared whitely, revealing them to each other.  "Julie," Rance said softly. "Julie John- son." He sounded glad to see her and from somewhere out of the years behind her, a singing came to her heart. Even that brief flash of lightning had shown her that Rance, grown up, was still Rance.  "Yes," she said. "It's me, Rance. I've come home. To stay."  He drew her up on the veranda, his hand lightly resting on her arm. And they stood that way, facing each other word- lessly, remembering.  The last time she'd seen him, he'd been fifteen. And if ever a half-grown girl two years younger than that could be in love, Julie had been in love with Rance. She'd tagged around after him ever since she could remember; and the tension between the two families had made everything seem like a game of hide-and-seek that they shared. They even found a secret place to meet--over in the brasada between the north slope of the mesa and MacAllister's fields. They chose it because no one else