Mustangs White and Black He snorted and plunged into the soggy- bottomed lake.   By J. Frank Dobie   These are the sort of legends that can grow up only among a free people, in a land where love of liberty is a passion. No Nazi could understand them.     THE great horse went under many names--the White Steed of the Prairies, the Pacing White Stallion, the White Mustang, the Ghost Horse of the Plains. There were, in fact, various extraordinary white mustang stallions, scattered far apart and living at different times. In tradition they blended into one superb stallion of supreme grace, beauty, speed, fire, endur- ance and intelligence. The blend was an an- imal whose passion for liberty was also the passion of the free-riding men who chased him. Both he and they were ready to die, if need be, to maintain that liberty.  John R. Morgan came to Travis County, Texas, from Kentucky in 1868, He was soon riding with his uncle, John W. Young, who had at that time been a range man for going on a quarter of a century. From him and from other men who were then old-timers, Morgan learned the detailed history of the wonderful horse. I will try     to give his story as he gave it to me when he was a very old man. It is a story that belongs to days long before barbed wire was dreamed of.  In the early 1840's a remarkable stallion appeared among the wild horses ranging on Onion Creek, in Travis County. He had the markings of a purebred Arabian. His form was perfect. His alertness and vitality were superb. He was pure white. His tail brushed the tall mesquite grass that car- peted the earth, and his tossing mane swept to his knees. His only gait out of a walk was a pace, and it was soon found that he never, no matter how hard pressed, broke that pace. His manada, or bunch of mares, normally numbered from fifty to sixty head --double the size of an ordinary mustang manada.  His favorite watering place was on Onion Creek near McKinney Falls, but he led his manada over a great range, southwest across the Blanco, the San Marcos and to the Guadalupe. It was known that he at   91