DOUBLE TROUBLE 53    marriage to be--well, a sort of seal between our families. A mark of peace. I can't just marry you and stop being what I am. I can't desert them like that."  "No matter what you are," he insisted, "once you marry me, you'll be a MacAllis- ter and no other thing. So are you going to marry me right now--my way--or aren't you?"  Helplessly she shook her head. She knew she was right. "I can't, Rance. We have to wait."  She could feel him trembling against her. "That all you've a mind to say?"  Tears stung her eyes, hot and helpless and salty. "I don't want it to be, Rance."  "Is it?"  She loosened his hold. "While things are like this, it has to be." She waited a minute for him to speak, then she mounted the brockled mare and flicked the reins.  When she looked back from the rise of the mesa, he was still standing where she had left him, the set of his body taut with rage, his eyes staring stonily after her.  She hadn't gone more than half a mile when she heard the high whine of the rifle. She stopped the horse and sat, trembling. Then she wheeled the mare around and galloped back to the brasada.  Even from a distance, she could tell it wasn't Rance lying there stretched out on the hard red clay. It was Jess. The back of his shirt was wet with blood when she touched it. It was awful seeing him like that, so lifeless and still. And yet somehow she could feel no surprise. Something deep in her had expected this, or something equally evil.  And in that moment, her whole body seemed to freeze. Her movements as she got back on the mare to ride to the house for help were stiff and jerky, like a puppet's. She couldn't even cry. It was as if all the life in her had died out completely.  She tried not to think of Rance and the flaming ugly mood she had left him in. She tried not to remember that Jess had seen them once, that he might have quarreled with Rance after she had left. More than anything else, she would not permit her mind to dwell on the rifle bullet that had entered Jess's body from the back.  She had almost reached the place where     she'd heard the shot when she met Brade Barnett. His white horse was coming toward her at a gallop, red dust streaking the sweat foam on his flanks.  "I passed Rance on the road back from town," he said. "He was going like blazes. What's the matter, Julie?"  "Back there--Jess--" was all she could manage to say.  Jess didn't live very long after they got him back to the house. He didn't even get to say who had shot him. But the Jarretts in their silent, stricken, angry grief didn't need to hear the name of MacAllister spok- en. They scarcely looked up when Jess's twin, Jonas, his face all ugly and twisted, the cords swelling out on his neck, began to curse in a low ugly monotone.  "Them MacAllisters! This is the first killing between us, but it ain't going to be the last."  "Hush up, Jonas," Grampa said sharply. "We don't know nothin' yet." Jonas's big face crumpled, then, and he began to cry. It was a terrible thing to see.  AMONG the cottonwoods the next day they quietly buried Jess. And although Jonas and Phil Barnett, Brade's brother, wanted them to ride down and MacAllisters right away, Grampa Jarrett held them back. "There's law here," he said stonily. "We'll wait and see what the law does." And he sent Brade in to the sheriff.  It was the next day that Rance came up to the mesa. Julie was out by the barn when suddenly Rance, his face white and more troubled than she'd ever seen it, loomed up beside her.  At the sight of him, she gasped. "Rance --you must be crazy--coming here! Go away quickly!"  He gripped her by the arm. "You gotta listen, Julie. I--I quit my folks. What they did last night was something so dirty-- mean, I couldn't stand for it, family or no. I came up here to warn you people. You told me what that herd meant to you and--"  She shook herself free. "I don't know what you're talking about. But my cousin Jess is dead, Rance. Did you--" She