70 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN    last they reached the trees through which ran the path to the mine.  "I'll take this one," Kent called out, and motioned to Ellen to rein into the nar- row trail. He followed closely and the others spurred on. Once among the trees he took the lead, walking his horse, and as the hoofbeats died in the distance she spoke.  "We're not searching very carefully. Why do you stick to the trail?"  "Because it's goin' to take us straight to them," he told her, and went on to ac- quaint her with the details of the meeting at the old mine. "I thought then they'd found a vein of gold or silver which they aimed to work, but now I've a hunch that one of them wanted to show the other a safe place to hide the money from the bank. One of them I saw. He was the man they call Baldy Benson. I don't know who the other was."  "When was this?" asked Ellen tensely.  "Night before last; Tuesday."  He heard her sigh of relief. "Then it wasn't Ronnie. Tuesday was the only night this week he stayed home."  They continued at a walk, the sound of their horses' hoof falls barely audible. "Has Ronnie ever gone to the bank after hours?" he asked.  "Several times, especially near the first of the month." She went on swiftly, hope- fully. "Maybe he was working there to- night and was surprised by the robbers before he could give the alarm!"  He agreed with her promptly because he knew how much she wanted this reas- surance. "It could be; I never thought of that angle. Reckon I should have looked inside the bank, but I was so sure Syd Harper was in on the robbery that I went straight to the Palace to see if he was still there. "  "Was he?"  "Yes--worse luck! Right at his desk in the office where he'd been the whole evenin'."  "If he was at the Palace he couldn't have had anything to do with the robbery."  "If he was in Patagonia I'd still believe he was behind it," said Kent flatly. "But he's too smart a gambler to play against the percentage, and he's got too much at     stake in Modoc to risk gettin' caught in somethin' like this. Maybe he wasn't in the actual robbery, but I'd bet my bot- tom dollar that he engineered the whole scheme. ... Now we'd better tie here and Injun up to the mine on foot. You can stay with the horses."  "I've got to know the truth. I'm going with you."  He faced her in the gloom. "You know what you're apt to find. There's a chance, a big chance, that Ronnie's in on it."  "I know. But I'd die--just waiting here."  He turned at once and led the way along the path, and presently they glimpsed the gray barrenness of rock and the ghostly outline of buildings in the moonlight, and halted at the very edge of the trees.  They could see one end of the mess shack and the side which contained the door. The end wall showed plainly, but most of the side was in deep shadow. Kent, peering through the darkness, made out two vague shapes which he decided were horses.  "Look!" whispered Ellen and gripped him by an arm.  He turned his head slightly towards the left. A man had come from the building where the lantern had disappeared two nights before, and was half walking, half running toward the mess shack. He ap- peared no more than a shadow, his features entirely indistinguishable.  "Wait here!" ordered Kent quietly, and started towards the fellow. His Colt slipped smoothly into his hand, the hammer clicked beneath his thumb. But even as he respond- ed to the habit of years he was telling him- self that he must not shoot. That man might be Ronnie.  His spur scraped rock and the other heard, as Kent knew he must sooner or later. The shadow stopped abruptly, stood rigid for a moment, then a stab of flame cut the darkness and Kent heard the twang of a bullet. A little exclamation reached him from behind and he turned his head to see Ellen following at his heels. "Lie down!" he ordered sharply, and broke into a run.  Once more the fellow fired and once more he missed. Then he resumed his run- ning towards the shack and Kent, assuming