LOBO LAW    tumble years, Steve Rennevant felt a sud- den sense of loneliness. That house down there, and the log cabins back in the hills, were symbols of something accomplished-- monuments to the men who'd built them. The poorest homesteader had a shack to come back to when the day's riding was done. He had a woman to share it, mak- ing it a home. But what did Steve Renne- vant have to show for five year's riding? Just a lot of horse tracks in the dust.  Remembering how Anne had kissed him up there on Sashay Ridge, Rennevant knew why this urgent sense of lack and loneliness had come at sight of Anvil. Anne was down there, her presence like a magnet attracting his attention, shaping his thoughts. And it would always be like this. No matter how far a distance lay between them, she would be the one full image of his desire--a con- stant, unwavering beacon across the long and lonely miles.  For the first time in his life Steve Ren- nevant took a look into the future. Sooner or later some noose-dodging thief would beat him to the draw, and even if that didn't happen until he was too old to care, it was a dreary picture. A man could take pride in the badge he wore and in reaping retri- bution for his dead father. But there came a time when that wasn't enough; and that time, he guessed, was almost here.  Perhaps, he mused, there might be an- other homestead in the hills when his law chore here was finished. A cozy, stout- walled home with curtains at the windows and a blonde goddess of a girl to welcome him when day's riding was done. . . .  AT DUSK Anne saw Rennevant ride into the yard. She had just taken a pan of biscuits from the oven. She stood at the window for a moment, seeing the ramrod straightness of his tall form in sad- dle, and feeling a quick surge of relief that he was all right. Then, as the hot pan burned through the towel which protected her hands, she hurriedly deposited the bis- cuits on the kitchen table.  Her father called a friendly greeting to Rennevant from the veranda and presently Anne heard the drone of their voices over      Don't Wear Unnecessary Glasses TOO many people all over America are ruining their eyes by wearing unnecessary glasses, and thousands of others are damaging their sight by improper spectacles. Every one of these thousands can be free from refractive eye faults . . . free from resulting poor vision . . . free from eyestrain head- aches ... by following these simple directions, ap- proved by high medical authorities in leading med- cal journals. You don't have to suffer any longer if your eyes tire or strain ... if your eyesight is weak ... or from corrective vision troubles. And you can now counteract farsightedness, nearsightedness, astig- matism . . . and many other conditions which accompany defective eyesight. Hailed by Medical Authorities This wonderful new SIGHTSAVER has been endorsed, praised and recommended in American Medical Ass'n Journal American Public Health Journal Illinois Medical Journal American Journal of The Medical Sciences The Canadian Doctor Clinical Osteopathy Michigan State Medical Journal Recommended by Many Doctors -- Praised in Medical Journals The SIGHTSAVER, a sensational new book, easily explains these marvelous medically-approved reve- lations. Although sanctioning the use or clauses wherever warranted, it gives you the latest develop- ments on eye exercises, eye washes, drugs, etc. It shows you how to help save your sight without un- necessary eye-glasses or nostrums. Take advantage, in your own home, of its simple directions which you can follow easily and safely. Send No Money-- Examine It FREE Send no money--just mail coupon now. You will receive the great, new book, the SIGHTSAVER for 5 days' free examination. When it arrives, deposit $1.98 with the postman (plus a few cents for post- age and handling). Follow its clear, simple instructions at once. If with- in 5 days you are not delighted with the helpful results, you may return it and we will immediately refund your deposit of $1.98 In full . . . Hurry. . . The SIGHTSAVER may never be yours unless you act at once. You will find clear, simple directions in the SIGHTSAVER on just what to do if you suffer from Farsight Eyestrain Astigmatism Old Age Sight Nearsight Cross Eyes Blurred Vision Bloodshot Eyes Watering Eyes Eye Strain Headache Etc., Etc.   Harvest House, Dept. B-814 50 West 17th St., New York ii, N.Y. Please send me at once in plain package, for 5 days' free exam-ination, the SIGHTSAVER. When it arrives, I will deposit $1.98 (plus a few cents for postage and handling) with the postman. If within 5 days, I am not completely satisfied, I may return it and you will refund my full deposit of $1.98. Otherwise, I will keep it and the deposit will be considered payment in full. Name Address Check here if you want to save postage. Enclose $1.98 with coupon and we ship prepaid. Same return privilege with refund guaranteed. Canadian orders $2.50 in advance.     Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 111