102 L. ERNENWEIN    Yancey on my way home. You tell the others."  Larson nodded, said, "The waiting is done, Alex. Now we fight!"  He went back up the alley and was pass- ing the open doorway at the rear of the Border Belle when he heard Dan Banner- man's angry voice. "Swear in Red and Turk as deputies," the big man bellowed. "And arrest Rennevant before he reaches Anvil!"  Then Sheriff Shumway's voice asking: "What charge will I arrest him on?"  "Robbery, rustling--anything. Only be damned sure he gets killed resisting ar- rest!"  The sheriff spoke again, but Larson didn't wait to hear any more. Turning ab- ruptly through the Wells Fargo wagon yard, he ran to Hooligan's stable, saddled his horse and rode out of town. And be- cause Rennevant's death now would be a tragic blow to the Pool's chances for vic- tory, he urged the bronc to a hard run.  For a time, while Larson galloped through the greasewood breaks west of San Sureno, he failed to sight the livery rig. Glancing back at frequent intervals and seeing no sign of riders behind him, he felt a growing optimism. There might be a chance for the rig to race to Anvil ahead of the posse, if he warned Rennevant in time. . . .  But when he glanced back again, his hope died instantly. A plume of dust was boiling above three riders on the road just west of town; and a moment later, as Lar- son crossed a secondary ridge, he saw the livery rig topping the summit ahead of him. That meant there wouldn't be a chance for the rig to outrun the posse. Not a glimmer of a chance!  Spurring his horse up Sashay Ridge, Larson overtook the buggy and blurted out his warning. When Rennevant showed no sign of apprehension, he added nervously, "They're coming fast!"  "So," Rennevant mused, and glanced speculatively at Larson's rat-tailed roan. Then he said, "I hear you want me to ram- rod the fight against Double D."  "We do," Larson exclaimed. "We are depending on it."  "Then I'll start right now--by borrow-     ing your bronc," Rennevant said, getting down from the rig. "I'll use my own sad- dle. Always feel better with my own sad- dle under me; more used to it."  Larson said, "Sure," and hastily stripped his gear from the panting bronc.  "What you planning to do, Steve?" Anne asked.  Rennevant grinned--a reckless, boyish grin that reminded her of Bob.  "I'm going back and meet Bannerman's posse," he said, lifting his saddle from the rear of the rig.  Watching him, Anne thought she knew why he was a drifter. He had a fighter's relish for conflict. It showed in his grin, and in the way his eyes turned smoky blue at times like this. Yet he hadn't wanted to get mixed up in a range war, and that seemed strange.  Rennevant climbed into saddle and draw- ing a Winchester from its scabbard, said, "I've got something here that'll slow those three dudes down a bit--while you folks drive to the ranch."  Then he asked, "Just where is Anvil from here?"  Anne pointed west, toward the Rampart Mountains. "Use that high chimney peak for a marker, Steve. Anvil is three miles due east of it. This is Sashay Ridge. It angles northwest into the Homestead Hills, which separate Anvil and Double D range."  "Just like handing me a map," Renne- vant drawled and rode back across the ridge.  Anne called, "Good luck, Steve."  "Thanks," he said and just before he rode over the rim, added grinningly, "See you at supper time, Anne."  Jules Larson rubbed his sweat-stained face. "A born gunman, that Rennevant," he declared. "No normal feelin's at all! That's what makes his gunnin' so good."  Remembering Steve's ardent embrace and the hungry way he'd kissed her a few moments ago, Anne smiled secretively. "He's a first-class fighting man," she mur- mured, "but he has feelings too--real feel- ings."  Which was something for Jules Larson to puzzle out as he drove the livery rig toward Anvil. . . .