18 ELSA BARKER    seemed to be only an unearthly silence.  Walt still had the sick, hard feeling in the pit of his stomach that had been with him the day before, but it took him a couple of minutes to remember why he felt so bad. Then he sat up.  "Did they get Billy, Mom?"  His mother reached over and laid a gentle hand on his. "Billy's dead," she said quietly. "He died last night on the way home. Dr. Watson was with him, and he said there was nothing anyone could have done--even from the first. Only a man as strong and clean as Billy could have lasted as long as he did."  Walt swallowed. He ran a dry tongue over suddenly drier lips, but he couldn't speak.  Mrs. Carmack got up and went to the door. "I'll be in the kitchen, Walt," she said quietly.  Walt lay still for a few minutes, then because the ache all inside of him seemed suddenly too much to bear he got up and put on his clothes and went outside. The wide yards of the big house, the stone foreman's cottage and the bunkhouse were all quiet and empty. The whole place seemed to him to have a funereal air.  But the sun was shining as brightly as if yesterday a gay young redhead had not been murdered in cold blood.  Walt had known grief before--when his father died. But somehow that had been a little different. His father had been old and sick for a long time. They had known he was going to die. But now for the first time in all his twenty-five years Walt had seen sudden death come to one who was as young and full of life and laughter as himself, one who had been as close as an own brother.  Soon he would begin to think again about the identity of the man on the gray horse --he would begin to plan how to track down the killer--but now there was only this shocking sense of loss.  He saw Lucy McAdams over on the porch of the foreman's cottage. She had a book in her lap, but she didn't seem to be reading. She was sitting quietly with her eyes raised to the distant blue outline of the mountains.  Obeying an irresistible impulse. Walt     Carmack's feet carried him across the yard toward her. He had a sudden hope that talking with her might somehow ease the intolerable ache in his heart.  The girl saw him coming, stood up sud- denly, took one step toward the door, then sank back in her chair again. She waited for him quietly with her hands clenched tight around the book in her lap.  "They told you--about Billy?"  "I drove out with Dr. Watson last night."  Walt sat down on the edge of the porch. "I can't get over feelin' it was my fault. There was two jobs to do. I oughtn't to have let him tackle the dangerous one."  The girl looked at him with a kind of unwilling pity in her dark eyes. Then she said quietly, evenly:  "Billy sat up and spoke just before he died. He said: 'Walt--you hold the straws!' Then he sort of laughed--way down in his throat--and died!"  The girl's voice died away into a whisper. Walt raised his head and even through his foggy mind it seemed that she was looking at him strangely, accusingly.  "Walt," she begged and her voice broke now, "you didn't--you didn't draw straws with him up there? You didn't cheat him and send him around the dangerous way, did you?"  Walt Carmack looked at the girl in- credulously. He stood up. "You believe that?" he asked.  "What--what else could I believe?"  "Why, I reckon you couldn't believe anything else," he said, still in that gentle, patient voice.  He turned and left her, walking now with his shoulders a little straighter, his steps a little stiffer, like a man determined not to be beaten down by whatever blows Fate seemed resolved to hand him.  Behind him on the porch, Lucy Mc- Adams eyes suddenly and unexplainably filled with tears. She felt their warm trickle down her cheeks, and reached up a fierce hand to wipe them off.  "Oh, why did I say that?" she asked herself, half sobbing. "Even if I thought it! Even if I was sure of it, why did I have to say it?"  Millie Harrell came to the screen door.