58 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN    muscles of his face. She didn't understand; women never did. To back out now would be to concede Syd Harper a moral victory. Others would gain courage from this sign of weakness, and they would dog him and make him swallow insults until in despera- tion he must shoot again. And again. And in the end he would have to kill.  A moment of hot resentment filled him. Why had nature given him this strange gift which was his? He had shot accurately ever since he could remember shooting at all. From his earliest days some sort of gun had been his plaything. He had cut his teeth on a wooden one carved by his father, had owned a twenty-two when other boys toted cap pistols, and a Peacemaker Colt when he was still so small that he sagged under the weight of it and had to hold it with both hands to shoot. His brain had become a calculating machine which computed angles and deflection and wind- age and velocity all in one instantaneous, involuntary operation. He had been marked as the man who couldn't miss.  He sank back on the step again. Now he could realize that the ending had been inevitable. His unusual ability at target shooting had stirred the competitive spirit of others. Even as a boy he had contested with men who had used the sixgun all their lives. As his reputation spread, men went out of their way to test their skill against his. Invariably he won. The reluctance to admit another's superiority is a human trait. For every champion there are a thousand less competent who firmly believe themselves better and are never satisfied until the issue has been joined. And even after defeat they want to try again.  Beaten at target shooting, there were those who said, "Just wait until the boy goes up against the real thing. Shooting at a man is a heap different from shooting at bottles or tin cans. When you have to shoot or be shot--that's the test!"  So at last came the time when Kent Bradford had to shoot for his life. In that day an encounter with sixguns was not difficult to bring about. A studied insult, a blow, an offensive action and the oppor- tunity was there. Kent was eighteen when his first gunfight was forced on him. Confi- dent of his ability, young and filled with     the love of life, he had not tried to kill his opponent, merely drilling a neat hole in the fellow's shoulder almost before that surprised person had yanked his gun.  Other gunfights followed, and in all of them young Bradford had stuck to a de- termination not to kill. This very deter- mination brought on more contestants who might have hesitated had they known that they must pay for failure with their lives, and Kent found himself forced to shoot faster and closer. Now he must shoot it out with Syd Harper, the handsome, smooth-tongued gambler who had come to Elkhorn a few weeks before.  Kent became aware of movement in the saloon across the street. He had heard Syd Harper's voice, "One last round, boys," without its significance registering. Now came the soft tread of feet and the vague features of a man peering over the half-doors.  An icy chill swept over Kent Bradford, followed almost immediately by a comforta- ble, glowing warmness. His face assumed its hard lines again, but the rest of him re- mained relaxed, easy. He didn't feel for his gun; he didn't need to. He knew that gun as he knew his right hand. It was al- ways there and ready. He didn't even get up.  The doors parted and Harper stepped out. He was crouched and his fingers were hooked above the butt of his gun. His keen black eyes bored across the street at the figure lounging on the store steps. He took three quick strides and as the swinging doors rocked lazily behind him came to a stop at the end of the hitching-rack.  Bradford's face did not change expres- sion. He was resting with his left elbow on the step above that on which he sat, his right side turned slightly towards Harper. His gun was belted tight about him, butt forward on the left side. He used a cross- body draw and his right arm was entirely free.  Harper went into action with a sudden- ness calculated to disconcert his opponent. There was a blur of movement so smooth as almost to defy detection. The fingers closed on the butt of the low-hung gun and drew it in one motion.  There; was an explosion, but it wasn't