THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 71    that he would certainly mount one of the horses, prepared to drop the animal in its tracks. To his surprise the man ducked into the mess shack.  Kent sped onward, expecting to see another flash and perhaps feel the impact of the bullet. Yet for some reason the fel- low did not fire and Kent brought up out- side the doorway and pressed close to the log wall. There was a movement behind him and he felt Ellen's warm breath on his neck. He extended his left arm as a signal that she was not to pass him.  From within the shack came the mur- mur of voices, low-pitched, intense. Not a word could he distinguish, but the low tones suggested an argument of some kind. He spoke in a whisper to Ellen. "Stay outside, whatever you do. I mustn't be distracted worry in' about you. Do as I tell you. Understand?"  "Yes."  "Here are some matches. There's a lantern inside--I hope. Back away and circle around to the other side of the door where there's no chance of your bein' hit. When I pass the lantern out to you, light it and look for a pole. Put the lantern on the end of it and push it through the door. Set it on the floor, but don't show even a fin- ger inside the shack. Got it?"  "Yes!"  He heard her move away and presently caught sight of her small form making the circle. In one swift movement he was through the doorway. Hidden by the dark- ness he knelt and removed his spurs, put- ting them into a pocket. The voices behind the partition had ceased and it became too quiet.  He got up and silently moved across the floor to where he had seen the bald-headed man hang the lantern. His groping fingers found it, lifted it from the nail. Like a shadow he stole back to the wall near the doorway. Through the entrance he could just make out Ellen's form, an arm extend- ed as far as she dared.  He passed the lantern to her, and as he withdrew his arm there came a spurt of flame from the partition door and lead scorched his sleeve. Quickly he leaped to his right, crouched, with gun leveled. Again came that lance of flame and a slug smacked     into the logs where a moment before he had been standing.  With iron determination he withheld his fire, depressing the muzzle of the Colt towards the floor. No matter what hap- pened he dared not answer that shot. The reputation he had established throughout a lifetime held him in the grip of fear. He had never missed; perhaps he couldn't miss. And the man might be Ronnie Blake.  Slowly he retreated to the corner of the room opposite that in which was the parti- tion door, knowing that the other could not possibly see him, and for some tense sec- onds there was absolute silence. Then he saw the light of the lantern come bobbing towards the shack. It stopped a yard or so outside the door, then passed smoothly through the doorway on the end of the pole. Before the men behind the partition could act, Ellen deftly placed it on the floor where if they wished to shoot it out they must expose themselves to Kent's fire. The pole was withdrawn and the yellow rays spread over the floor in a dying circle, the outside rim of which just reached the par- tition doorway.  Kent spoke sharply. "You fellows can't get away. Those shots are goin' to draw the posse, and the quicker you surrender the better. Come out backwards and with your hands in the air."  More whispers from behind the partition, one voice hoarse and excited almost to the point of hysteria, the other even and sharp and with the hint of threat in it. Then, with dramatic suddenness, a man stepped through the doorway.  The weak lantern rays reached only to his feet, and Kent could not see the upper part of his body. But he could sense des- peration in the man's movements, feel the burning intensity of the gaze that sought to penetrate the dense darkness which hid him.  The fellow's gun blazed and lead thud- ded into the wall to one side of Kent. Another shot sang over his head, a third dug into the floor at his feet. He fought savagely to keep his Colt pointing at the floor. The man was moving steadily for- ward, shooting at every stride. It didn't seem possible that he could miss at such short range. And as he advanced, the lan-