MISDEAL 35    "Following you, of course!"  He heard her sob a little then as she came running through the corn toward him, and the note of exquisite relief in her voice was music to his ears.  CHAPTER IX  WALT CARMACK looked sourly at the leg stretched out in front of him on the hassock and swathed in layer upon layer of bandage gauze and splints, then at the pair of crutch- es propped by the side of his chair.  Tonight he was not feeling very well pleased with himself. He had done the best he could and been outwitted at every turn. Day after tomorrow eight separate sections, nearly all of them right in the heart of Lucky Diamond range, would be sold at public auction. It would ruin the ranch, but there was nothing he could do to stop the sale. The law was clear enough on that score.  He hadn't money enough himself to buy them in for Lucky Jim--if indeed his grand- father was still alive. He didn't even have anything he could offer as security to bor- row the money.  And while he might be morally certain that the man who would be bidding on that land Saturday morning was the same man who had killed Billy Gamel and first bribed and then killed Clark Bowles, he couldn't actually produce any convincing proof of that either. Certainly not the kind of proof that talks to a jury.  His mother stopped by the open door- way. "Ford wants to talk to you a minute, son."  The stocky foreman came into the room. Walt turned his head and motioned to a chair near the fireplace.  "Sit down, Ford."  The foreman looked at the cowboy with eyes as full of cold dislike as ever. He sat down uncomfortably on the edge of a straight chair. "If I was sure Lucky Jim was dead an' this ranch was yours, I wouldn't give a damn what happens to it," he began bluntly.  Walt grunted. "Did you come over here to tell me that?" he asked.     "Not exactly. I just wanted to set you straight to begin with--that's all." He sat back a little firmer in his chair. "But I ain't sure Lucky Jim's dead an' he's been a mighty good friend to me. I've got a little money saved--not a lot, just a few thousand dollars. Enough to bid in that piece of land that holds the Ojo Feliz spring he's always set so much store by. Maybe if that don't come too high, another section too. An' Slim Reynolds has got some money saved. He figgers on bidding on the Clearwater Springs piece. If Lucky Jim comes back he can have it for just what we pay for it."  Walt was looking at him steadily. "An' if Lucky don't come back?" he asked.  Ford Harrell met his eyes unflinchingly.  "If Lucky don't come back I know I'm out on my ear anyhow. I figger Ojo Feliz will make just as good a place to start up a little spread of my own as any place. I ain't heard Slim express himself on that score."  Walt studied the man who had never made any bones about hating his guts. His mind was going in circles again. Since the very first his suspicions had seesawed back and forth between two men. Ford Harrell had been absent from the ranch last night when Clark Bowles was shot. There were still those four unexplained hours between the time he should have arrived in Oxville and the time his train left for Santa Fe, the afternoon Billy Gamel was shot.  Now Ford Harrell was planning to buy the Ojo Feliz land, Slim Reynolds the Clearwater Springs area. For the first time Walt began to see that the auction might not even tell him anything. Perhaps there would be a half-dozen different bidders for a half-dozen different sections. Was it one particular section the killer wanted? And if so why? Could there be oil or valuable minerals on one of these plots of land? Or was the killer planning to bid in the whole works, hoping to cut up the Lucky Diamond range so that old Lucky Jim would eventu- ally be forced to sell him all of it?  He stood up on his good leg and tucked his crutches under his arms.  "Thanks for telling me, Ford," he said, with an effort keeping his voice cool. "Will you have one of the boys saddle a horse for me? You've given me an idea, anyhow!"