DOUBLE TROUBLE 51    won't be welcome." And he pushed Julie through the door before she had a chance to protest.  He didn't speak again until they were turning into the main road, Julie beside him bundled under the tarpaulin. "I didn't mean to sound off so sharp Julie," he said. "But them MacAllisters are worse now than they've ever been. Had a couple of crop failures. Makes 'em mean. They blame everything that happens on us. They been shooting our steers--claimed our cattle had busted down the fences. Trouble is they're too stingy to keep the wire mended. We've had some trouble with tainted water holes, too, and it sure ain't us poisoning our own cattle."  Julie's heart sank. "But they're neigh- bors, Brade. There must be some way we can get on."  "Not with them," Brade said flatly. "Tim MacAllister and I used to be pals, but since things have got so bad we don't see each other any more. So if you and Rance got any ideas about starting up again, best forget 'em."  "That's something for Rance and me to say," Julie said firmly, but doubts were stirring in her heart.  "Reckon Grampa Jarrett might have a word of his own to speak, too," Brade said, flicking the reins sharply against the dash- board.  Brade was funny. He wasn't really a Jarrett at all. His brother Phil had mar- ried Julie's cousin, Justine, and Brade had come up to the mesa too. But in some ways he was more Jarrett than any of the others. He was the strongest, too. Grampa recog- nized that, and by hard work and sound sense Brade had won his place in the dy- nasty. He was named in Grampa's will right along with the others.  "Here's Julie home," Brade said when they reached the ranch house. "Found her down at the MacAllister's. Thought I'd bet- ter bring her home right away."  The family clamored around her. Grampa kissed her cheek and embraced her briefly. Justine hugged her and the twins, Jess and Jonas, alike as the two halves of a split pea, grinned their welcome. Jess even noticed the brooch she was wearing had lost two stones. But then Jess never missed a thing.     And that was how you could tell him from his duller-eyed twin, Jonas.  But even in their friendly pleasure at her return, she realized how completely she had stepped into another world. Somehow Texas, fast-growing as it was, hadn't yet reached up into this corner. This was Freshwater Creek and the Burning Hills. She had stepped into some forgotten frag- ment of time that was almost feudal.  And she was suddenly frightened. . . . The rain on the night of her homecoming was the last of the wet spell. The next morning was bright and fiercely hot; the wind seemed to shrivel the ground. Before many days had gone by, the smaller water holes were dry, and the cattle had to be driven from the north pasture down to Freshwater Creek, bellowing their thirst.  "Gonna be worse even than last year," Grampa Jarrett glumly predicted. "Sure is lucky for us the crick's running good and clear. If we couldn't get a good fat herd to market this year, things'd be mighty bad for the Double J."  After that first spell of fear and strange- ness, Julie settled easily enough into the Jarrett ways. She helped Justine with the chores in the mornings, or rode with Brade or Jess to look at the cattle. But in the afternoons she eluded them and galloped the little brockled mare down to the red- clay bottomland of the brasada. If Rance had meant what he said about seeing her, he would remember the brasada.  On the fifth day, he came.  He slid from his horse and ran to her. Their meeting needed no speech. She went into his arms as if they'd been made slender and strong to hold only her. His fingers touched the sunny gold of her hair; his lips brushed her mouth.  "You never kissed me before, Rance," she said, a kind of blue wonder in her eyes.  "I always wanted to," he told her. "I wanted to the other night." A frown crossed his face, like a cloud sliding over the sun. The sureness left his voice. "Julie, this is right, isn't it? This is the way we were meant to be, isn't it? We got to make it right somehow, Julie."  "We will, Rance," she assured him. "We will."  He smiled at her. "You're so small," he