L. ERNENWEIN    3c A Day Pays you $100 a Month Pays Your Family $3000 In Sickiness and Accident You can collect $100 a month for sickness or accident. $3000 for loss of limbs or sight. $3000 for accidental death. 3c a day insures any man or woman, 16 to 75. NO MEDICAL EXAMINATION. Get this policy for 10 days without risking a penny. Send coupon below.   ARCADIA MUTUAL CASUALTY CO. American Sentinel Insurance Agency 176 W. Adams St., Chicago 3 Ill., Dept. 802. Tell me how to get your policy for 10-day inspec-tion. No Agent will call. Name Address City.....State     CHILDLESS Wives WHO WISH BABIES! Doctor's Information SENT FREE! Concerning simple way followed at home by which the female organs in relievable func-tional sterility may be assisted so that motherhood may then so often be easily pos-sible! YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND MAY LATER THANK THE DAY YOU SENT FOR THIS FREE INFORMATION. Women from over the Nation write us of their joy in becoming mothers at last! FOR FREE COPY write to Warner Co., 422 W. Lake St., Minneapolis 8, Minnesota.   ANY PHOTO ENLARGED Size 8x10 inches or smaller if de-sired. Same price for full length or bust form, groups, landscapes, pet animals, etc., or enlargements of any part of group picture. Safe return of orginial photo guaranteed. 98c 3 for $2.00 SEND NO MONEY Just mail photo or snapshot (any size) and within a week you will recieve your beautiful enlargement, guaranteed fadeless. Pay postman 98c plus postage- or send $1 with order and we pay postage. Take advantage of this amaz-ing offer now. Send your photos today. Specify size wanted. STANDARD ART STUDIOS, 100 E. Ohio St., Dept. DW-77, Chicago ($1) Ill.   POEMS WANTED Mother, Home, Love, Sacred, Patriotic, Comic or any subject. Don't Delay- Send us your Original Poem at once- for immediate ex-amination and FREE Rhyming Dictionary. RICHARD BROTHERS 27 WoodsBuilding Chicago, ILL.       at the horse corral. Jeff had been some- what flabbergasted at the news that Mata- belle was going to finance a showdown against Double D; so surprised and pleased that he'd discarded all his bitter resentment toward the Pool at once. He'd been down- right jovial with Jules Larson and later, when Larson had borrowed a horse and ridden away, her father had called, "We'll show the Double D bunch, Jules, we'll show 'em good and proper!"  Now, Anne guessed, he was telling Ren- nevant about the plan he and Larson had discussed; the huge task of hazing Double D stock off Anvil and then cleaning it out of the Homestead Hills. It was almost dark when she went to the door and called. "Come and get it!"  A cool breeze ran down from the Ram- parts and there was a hint of impending storm in the massed clouds above Sashay Ridge. But this lamplit kitchen was a cheer- ful room.  He said, "Hello Anne," and sniffing the food-scented air, added, "Sure smells good."  "Anne ain't much account in a kitchen," Cruzatte drawled with mock gravity, "but she'll do till I can git a Chinee cook."  Presently, when they were eating, Anne noticed fresh scars on Rennevant's knuck- les. Recalling what he'd said about paying Hallmark off with his fists, she nodded at his hands and asked, "Did you meet Whitey?"  "Yeah," Rennevant admitted. "I met him."  He seemed reluctant to discuss the de- tails, so Anne didn't press the subject. But he showed no reluctance about eating, nor in his praise when the meal was finished. "Best tasting supper I ever ate," he de- clared, almost soberly; and Anne knew he meant it.  Afterward, while she washed the dishes, Anne listened to Steve and her father dis- cuss ways and means of waging war against Double D. "First thing is to git them danged Mex steers off my graze," old Jeff announced. "Then we'll have to chouse 'em out of the hills."  "You planning to drive them back to   112 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements