CHAMBERS 'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR LITERATURE , SCIENCE , AND ART . Fourth Series CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS . NO . 691 . SATURDAY , MARCH 24 , 1877 . PRICE 11 / 2d .] NAMES . There might be much amusement in tracing the origin of family names . Long ago — say about six or seven hundred years since — there were no family names at all . People had Christian names and nothing more , and of course there was often considerable difficulty in distinguishing individuals . Such at present is the case in Turkey , where the old eastern practice of using but a single name continues to be followed . Surnames were not introduced into England until after the Conquest . The fashion of using two names came to us from France , but for a time was confined to families of distinction , and extended slowly over the country . One thing is said to have promoted its use . Young ladies of aspiring tastes declined to marry gentlemen who had only a Christian name , such as John or Thomas , for they would necessarily have still to be called by their own name , Mary , Elizabeth , or whatever it was . Spinsters accordingly thought it to be a grand thing to form an alliance with a person possessing the distinction of a family name , by which they should ever after be called . Curiously enough , so difficult is it to alter old usages , that until very lately surnames were scarcely used among the humbler classes of people in some parts of Great Britain remote from centres of civilisation . In these places , a creditor would enter the name of his debtor in his books as John the son of Thomas , just as you see genealogies in the Old Testament . Only now , from improved communication with the outer world , have practices of this kind gone out of use . We can easily understand how the names ending in son , as Johnson , Thomson , Manson ( abbreviation of Magnusson ) , originated ; and it is equally easy to conjecture how names from professions , such as Smith , Miller , or Cooper came into existence . It is equally obvious that many family names are derived from the nature of the complexion of individuals , as Black , Brown , and White . At first sight , there is a mystery as regards the different ways in which certain names are spelled . Smith is sometimes written Smyth ; and in some instances Brown has an e at the end of it . We see the name Reid spelled as Reade , Reed , and Rede . We see Long , Lang , and Laing , all variations of one name . The same thing can be said of Strong , Strang , and Strange ; of Little and Liddle ; of Home and Hume ; of Chambers and Chalmers ; and so on with a host of surnames in daily use . The mystery which hangs over various spellings is cleared up on a consideration of the indifferent scholarship which prevailed until even the middle of the eighteenth century . Names in old legal documents and in the inscriptions on the blank leaves of family Bibles , are written in all sorts of ways . A man seldom wrote his name twice in succession the same way . Each member of a family followed the spelling suggested by his own fancy , and added to or altered letters in his name with perfect indifference . Eccentricities of this kind are still far from uncommon in the signatures of imperfectly educated persons . There is , in fact , a constant growth of new names , springing from ignorance and carelessness , though also in some cases from a sense of refinement . Perhaps there is a still more vigorous growth of names from foundlings . Driven to their wits ’ end to invent names for the anonymous infants thrown on their bounty , parish authorities are apt to cut the matter short by conferring names that are suggested by the localities where the poor children were picked up . A child found at a door will be called Door , and so on with Street , Place , Steps , Basket , Turnstyle , or anything else . Hundreds of droll names are said to have begun in this way . Possibly it was from such origin as this that a respectable citizen of Dublin , mentioned by Cosmo Innes in his small book on Surnames , derived the name of Halfpenny . Mr Halfpenny , it is stated , ‘ throve in trade , and his children prevailed on him in his latter years to change the name which they thought undignified ; and this he did chiefly by dropping the last letter . He died and was buried as Mr Halpen . The fortune of the family did not recede , and the son of our citizen thought proper to renounce retail dealing , and at the same time looked about for a euphonious change of name . He made no scruple of dropping the unnecessary h ; and that being done , it was easy to go into the Celtic rage , which Sir Walter Scott and the Lady of the Lake had just raised to a great height ; and he who had run the streets as little Kenny Halfpenny came out at the levees of the day as Kenneth MacAlpin , the descendant of a hundred kings . ’ The assumed name of MacAlpin brings us to the whole order of Macs , now spread out in all directions . Mac is the Gaelic equivalent for son , and accordingly Mr MacAlpin would in an English dress be Mr Alpinson . There happen to be two distinct classes of Macs , those with a Highland origin , such as Mackay , Macpherson , Macgregor , Macneil , Macfarlane , Macleod , and Macdonald — all great clans in the olden time ; and the Macs of Galloway , where Gaelic is now extinct , and the races are somewhat different from the Highland septs — perhaps with a little Manx and Irish blood in them . Among the Galloway Macs are found the names Maclumpha , Macletchie , and MacCandlish , which evidently do not sound with the true Highland ring . The Irish have likewise their form of expression for son . They use the single letter O , as O'Connell and O'Donell . The O , however , signifies grandson , as it continues to do in the old Lowland vernacular in Scotland , where an aged woman in humble life may be heard saying of her grandchild , ‘ That is my O . ’ Prefixes or terminations for son are common among names in every civilised country in Europe . As is well known , the Norman Conquest gave a new character to English names . From that time many of the most notable of our surnames are to be dated , not only in England , where the Conquest made itself cruelly felt , but in Scotland , where families of Norman origin gradually effected a settlement by invitation and otherwise . Names traceable to the Norman families are very commonly derived from heritable possessions , and till this day bear a certain aristocratic air , though altered in various ways . Doubtless in the lists of those ‘ who came over with the Conqueror , ’ there are innumerable shams ; but there are also descendants of veritable invaders . We might , for example , instance the late Sir Francis Burdett ( father of the Baroness Burdett Coutts ) , who traced his origin by a clear genealogical line to Hugh de Burdett , one of the Norman soldiers who fought at Hastings in 1066 . That gives a pretty considerable antiquity to an existing family without change of name . On the Scottish side of the Border , we could point to a family , Horsbrugh of that Ilk , as being not less than eight hundred years old , and always occupying the same lands and possessions . Wallace , Bruce , Dundas , Fraser , Stewart , or to use its French form Stuart , are also Scottish surnames of great antiquity . To these we might add two names now ennobled , the Scotts , Dukes of Buccleuch , and the Kers , Dukes of Roxburghe . We find these various names meandering through history for six or seven hundred years . On the original names borne by noted Norman families in England and Scotland , time has effected conspicuous changes . The prefix de , which was once held in high esteem , has been generally dropped . There has likewise , in various cases , been what might be called a vulgarising of the names . De Vesci is transformed into Veitch , De l'Isle into Lyle , and De Vere into Weir . Through various changes De Montalt has become Mowat , De Montfitchet sinks into Mushet , De Moravie into Murray , and Grossetete into Grosart . We cannot speak with too much contempt of the mythic fables invented to explain the origin of the names Forbes , Guthrie , Dalyell , Douglas , Naesmyth , and Napier — grand old names , which existed ages before the imaginary incidents that have been clumsily assigned as their commencement . Any one disposed to investigate the historical origin of British surnames , would find not a little to amuse and instruct by making a leisurely survey along the east coast from Shetland to the English Channel . Every here and there he would alight upon patches of population , whose descent from Norwegians , Danes , Jutes , Angles , and other continental settlers in early times would be unmistakingly revealed in their surnames , the colour of their eyes , their complexion , and in their spoken dialect — the very pronunciation of certain letters ; for the lapse of centuries and innumerable vicissitudes have failed to obliterate the normal peculiarities of their origin . Strange , indeed , is the persistency of race . We have heard it stated as a curious and little known fact , that on the west coast of Scotland there are families descended from the wrecked crews of the Spanish Armada , who scrambled ashore now nearly three hundred years ago . Herein , as we imagine , lies a mine of ethnographic lore , which in the cause of science and history would be not unworthy of exploration . A stretch within the Scottish Border would likewise not be unproductive . On the eastern and middle marches will still be found the descendants of the Eliots and Armstrongs who are renowned in the Border Minstrelsy of Scott ; the Grahams in the Debatable Land ; and on the west the Johnstons ( with their cognisance of the winged spur ) , the Jardines , and the Maxwells . Are not these living memorials demonstrative of the truth of history and tradition ? The surnames common to Great Britain and Ireland received an immense accession by those religious persecutions in Flanders in the sixteenth , and in France in the seventeenth century , by which hosts of intelligent and industrious foreigners were forced to flee for their lives . The prodigious immigration from this cause , and to which has to be attributed much of our manufacturing prosperity , has seldom been seriously thought of . A painstaking account of this interesting invasion of Flemish and French artisans has lately been written by Mr Smiles , [ 1 ] which may be advantageously consulted on the subject . We do not go into the religious part of the question , further than to say that the expulsion of so many skilled labourers in the useful arts was a terrible blunder , which we can imagine has been long since repented of . Our concern being principally with the names of the refugees , we shall run over a few items , taking Mr Smiles as our authority . Speaking of the lace-manufacturing towns in the west of England , which had been enriched by the ingenuity of Flemish settlers , he says : ‘ Such names as Raymond , Spiller , Brock , Stocker , Groot , Rochett , and Kettel are still common ; and the same trades have been continued in some of their families for generations . ’ Some Walloon refugees , cloth-makers , named Goupes , settled in Wiltshire three hundred years ago , and there their descendants are still , but with the name changed to Guppys . From the De Grotes , or Groots , a Netherlandish family , sprung the late George Grote , the eminent historian of Greece . The Houblons , who gave the Bank of England its first governor , the Van Sittarts , Jansens , Courtens , Van Milderts , Deckers , Hostes , and Tyssens , were all descendants of Flemish refugees . ‘ Among artists , architects , and engineers of Flemish descent , we find , ’ says our author , ‘ Grinling Gibbons , the wood-sculptor ; Mark Gerard , the portrait-painter ; Sir John Vanbrugh , the architect and play-writer ; Richard Cosway , the miniature-painter ; and Vermuyden and Westerdyke , the engineers employed to reclaim the drained land of the Fens . The Tradescants , the celebrated antiquarians , were of the same origin . ’ Driven from the Netherlands by the intolerant policy of the Spanish authorities , who had possession of the country in 1555 , the Flemish refugees with their descendants had been residing in England for several generations , when there occurred a fresh accession of immigrants on the score of religion . These were the families who , under prodigious difficulties , felt themselves obliged to flee from France in consequence of the revocation of the Edict of Nantes by Louis XIV . in 1685 . These unhappy people escaping across the Channel in open boats , or anyhow , arrived on the coast of England and Ireland to the number of fifty thousand . They brought no money with them ; but animated by an immense spirit of industry and independence , their presence was more valuable than untold gold . Settling in London and other quarters , there are till this day innumerable traces of their names in the general population . We might instance the names Baringer , Fourdrinier , Poupart , Fonblanque , Delaine , Payne , Paget , Lefanu , La Touche , Layard , Maturin , Roget , D'Olier , Martineau , Romilly , Saurin , Barbauld , Labouchere , and Garrick , whose real name was Garrigue — all of Huguenot origin . The names of French refugees who introduced silk-weaving into England are now to be seen in Spitalfields , where also a few of their mulberry trees still survive . The town of Portarlington , in Ireland , was entirely peopled by French exiles , and continues to bear traces of the original names . We are informed that a taste for cultivating flowers was spread through a number of the English towns by the French refugees . Silks , ribbons , lace , gloves , hats , glass , clocks , watches , telescopes ( by Dollond ) , and paper were among the manufactures which they introduced . By the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes , France appears to have lost all its hatters . Previously , England imported hats from France , but now the French had to import all their hats , at least those of a finer kind , from England . The original French names were not always preserved by the refugees and their descendants . Becoming Anglicised , their names in several instances assumed an English form , which was not always an improvement . Mr Smiles gives us some examples : ‘ L'Oiseau became Bird ; Le Jeune , Young ; Du Bois , Wood ; Le Blanc , White ; Le Noir , Black ; Le Maur , Brown ; Le Roy , King ; Lacroix , Cross ; Tonnelier , Cooper ; Le Maitre , Masters ; Dulau , Waters ; Sauvage , Savage and Wild . Some of the Lefevres changed their name to the English equivalent of Smith , as was the case with the ancestor of Sir Culling Eardley Smith , Bart ., a French refugee whose original name was Lefevre . Many names were strangely altered in their conversion from French into English . Jolifemme was freely translated into Pretyman ; Momerie became Mummery , a common name at Dover ; and Planche became Plank , of which there are still instances at Canterbury and Southampton . At Oxford , the name of Williamise was traced back to Villebois ; Taillebois became Talboys ; Le Coq , Laycock ; Bouchier , Butcher or Boxer ; Boyer , Bower ; Bois , Boys ; Mesurier , Measure ; Mahieu , Mayhew ; Drouet , Drewitt ; D'Aeth , Death ; D'Orleans , Dorling ; De Preux , Diprose ; De Moulins , Mullins ; Pelletier , Pelter ; Huyghens , Huggens or Higgins ; and Beaufoy , Boffy . ’ Some other conversions are mentioned , such as Letellier into Taylor ; De Laine into Dillon ; Dieudoun into Dudney ; Renalls into Reynolds ; Saveroy into Savery ; and Levereau into Lever . While such havoc has been played in England with French names , a similar change , though on a less extensive scale , has been made on English and Scotch names in France — witness only Colbert , a minister of Louis XIV ., descended from a Scotsman named Cuthbert ; and Le Brun , an eminent artist , sprung from plain Mr Brown . When William Prince of Orange arrived in England in 1688 , he brought with him a number of trusty Dutchmen , who in civil and military life so distinguished themselves as to rise to eminence . Among these were William Bentinck , created Earl of Portland , whose son was raised to a dukedom ; General Ginkell , who fought manfully at the Boyne , was created Earl of Athlone ; and Arnold-Joost Van Keppel , was created Earl of Albemarle , whose descendant now enjoys the title . With George I. there began a number of German names which are now lost in the general population . Far greater additions , however , have been made by the progress of industrial settlement within the last fifty years . A good feature in the more intelligent classes in England is , that entertaining no grudge at the immigration of foreigners who desire to pursue an honest calling , they receive them hospitably , and willingly hail them as naturalised subjects ; for them and their descendants are indeed opened up according to merit the higher offices in the state . As a token of this liberality of dealing , we have only to glance over street directories and see the vast number of names of persons of German , Dutch , French , Swiss , Greek , and Italian origin . We could specify many estimable persons of these nationalities . But the topic would branch out sufficiently to fill a volume ; and the more it is investigated the clearer is the view to be obtained of the manifold changes that have taken place in the tastes and conditions of society . Thanking Mr Smiles in the meantime for the ingenious contribution to the history of surnames , to which we have called attention , the subject is little more than touched on , and we should like to see it treated if possible in a thoroughly comprehensive spirit . W. C . FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] The Huguenots : their Settlements , Churches , and Industries in England and Ireland . By Samuel Smiles . New and Revised Edition . Murray , London , 1876 . THE LAST OF THE HADDONS . CHAPTER XV .— ROBERT WENTWORTH 'S NEWS . ‘ Do you really think that I ought not to tell Arthur yet , Mary ? ’ whispered Lilian to me later in the day , when she was about to accompany her lover into the garden . ‘ I should certainly advise you not to do so until we know whether or not the discovery is of any importance , ’ I replied in the same tone . ‘ I would so much prefer telling him , ’ she murmured anxiously . ‘ I can understand that , dear Lilian . ’ ‘ And still you think it best not to tell him ? ’ ‘ I am only afraid that he might not hold the same views as you do yourself upon the point ; and it would only lead to painful discussion , which it is as well to avoid ; at anyrate , until you know for certain whether the document is genuine or not . ’ Her respect for my opinion proved to be stronger than her respect for his ; perhaps because I tried to appeal to her reason as well as to her feelings , and she did not tell him . The next day passed , and the next , slowly enough to me , in the miserable state of uncertainty I was in , no sign being made by Robert Wentworth . But when another day went by , and then another , the truth began to dawn upon me . He had gone to Scotland to make inquiries on the spot , which proved that what he had learned from Mrs Pratt rendered it necessary so to do ; and that everything now depended upon the validity of Mr Farrar 's marriage with Marian 's mother . Then I saw that it was not right to allow Lilian to go on without some sort of preparation for the blow , which might fall at any moment . It was now my duty to prepare her in some degree for what she had not the slightest suspicion of . If Robert Wentworth 's inquiries had brought out the fact that Marian 's mother died before Lilian 's was married to Mr Farrar , there would not have been the slightest necessity for the journey to Scotland ; and his setting forth without delay shewed me that he had grave grounds for believing the document to be a legal one . It was evident that everything now depended upon the legality of that marriage . ‘ Well , Mary , what is it ? news — good news ? ’ asked Lilian , as she entered my room . I had sent a message begging her to come to me after dinner , knowing we should be secure from intrusion there . ‘ Dear Lilian , what would you consider to be good news ? ’ ‘ The legality of the marriage being proved , of course , ’ she answered promptly . ‘ I have no news , dear Lilian ; but — I want to talk the matter over with you a little . I am beginning to get very anxious about not hearing from Mr Wentworth . He must have seen the necessity for going to Scotland ; and if the marriage is proved to be a bona fide one , I fear ’ —— ‘ What do you fear , Mary ? ’ ‘ Dear Lilian , I foresee something which it is extremely painful to think of — something which has not , I think , occurred to you . ’ ‘ What is that ? ’ she asked wonderingly . ‘ I do not like to even suggest it , because all may yet be well . Still it is my duty to warn you that there may be a consequence which you have not anticipated with reference to the ’ —— Some one was tapping at the door , which I had locked , and on opening it , I saw Becky . ‘ Mr Wentworth has just come , and he wishes to see you by yourself , please , Miss . ’ ‘ Where is he , Becky ? ’ ‘ In the drawing-room , Miss ; and I 'll see that nobody shall disturb you , ’ mysteriously whispered Becky , who had , I suppose , received a hint from him that he desired to see me privately . ‘ Say that I will come immediately ; ’ adding to Lilian , as I hurriedly made my way towards the door again : ‘ Will you wait for me here a few minutes , Lilian ? ’ But I had said enough to arouse her fears , though she was still in ignorance as to the cause , and she gravely replied : ‘ No , Mary ; I will go with you . I know now that you are trying to spare me in some way —— O Mary ! why do you look at me like that ?— I will go with you and hear the worst ! ’ Well I knew that he would be as careful in telling her as I could be . And if there was indeed bad news , I should be very glad of his assistance in breaking it to her . We went down together ; and one glance at his face , as we entered the room , warned me to expect the worst . His grave words , ‘ I wished to see you alone for a few moments , Miss Haddon , ’ confirmed my fears . ‘ I wished to come — I would come , Mr Wentworth , ’ said Lilian , slipping her hand into mine ; ‘ and you must please to let me stay , if what you have to say concerns me . You have come to tell us what you have ascertained about the paper I found ; have you not ? ’ I put my arm round her , with a look towards him . She looked from one to the other of us in some surprise . ‘ Yes , ’ he hesitatingly replied ; ‘ I have been to Scotland . ’ ‘ Then why do you look at me like that ? Why are you both so strange ? Mary , you ought to know there is nothing I should be more rejoiced to hear than that the marriage was a legal one . ’ ‘ It is not that , Lilian .— I have guessed aright ; you have been proving the genuineness of the marriage during your absence ; have you not , Mr Wentworth ? ’ I asked . ‘ I grieve to say that there was no difficulty in proving it , Miss Haddon . ’ ‘ Grieve ! grieve !— when it proves Papa to have acted like an honourable gentleman , instead of —— O Mary , you too ! ’ turning from him to me , with a wounded look . He saw now that the one thing had not yet occurred to her , and turned silently away . He could not strike the blow . I drew her to a couch by my side , and said with faltering lips : ‘ I fear that it has not occurred to you that , though it might be better for Marian that her mother 's marriage should be proved , it would be worse for you . ’ ‘ Worse for me ? Is it possible that you can for one moment be thinking about the money ? Can you suppose that my father 's good name is not more to me than such ’ —— ‘ Dear Lilian , I was not thinking about the money , ’ I slowly replied , with a miserable sickening of the heart as I suddenly realised that the property also was lost . She would be penniless as well as nameless . I glanced towards him again . No ; there was no hope ! ‘ Then how can it be worse for me ? How can it possibly be worse for me that Papa did right instead of wrong . Please tell me at once what you mean . ’ Alas ! the more she dwelt upon the honour , the more she was shewing us how terribly she would feel the dishonour ! My eyes appealed once more to him for help . But he gravely said : ‘ Miss Haddon knows what there is to tell , and it will come best from her . ’ So it was left to me . I , who loved her most , had to strike the blow . I only put one last question to him : ‘ Is what I most feared realised , Mr Wentworth ? ’ He bowed his head in assent , and walked towards the window as I went on : ‘ Lilian , dear sister — you promised to let me call you that — there is something to be suffered ; and though I know you will bear it more bravely than many would , it will be very hard to bear . In your anxiety to do justice to Marian , you did not perceive that — it might bring suffering upon yourself . ’ ‘ Doing justice need not bring suffering , Mary . ’ ‘ It sometimes may , Lilian . The reward of right doing is not always reaped at the moment . ’ ‘ You are not talking like yourself , Mary . What do you and I care about getting rewards ! Please tell me at once what I have to bear . I know now that it is something bad ; and I know that you are both very sorry for me . ’ ‘ The bad news is the date of Marian 's mother 's death , Lilian . She died when you were about two years old . ’ She saw ; rose to her feet , and stood for a moment with her hands extended , as though to ward off a blow , and then fell back into my arms . ‘ Lock the door , please , and help me . She must not be seen by others in her weakness , ’ I said , placing her amongst the pillows . ‘ She will soon be herself again . ’ Then I bade him throw open the windows , whilst I gently fanned her . In a few moments she opened her eyes , and struggled to her feet . ‘ Was it a dream — was it ? ’ she ejaculated , looking eagerly into my face . ‘ Ah , no ! ’ She was powerless again for a few moments . But she was gaining strength , and presently insisted upon hearing the whole truth from Robert Wentworth 's own lips . He saw that it would be more merciful to comply now ; and did so unreservedly . He had been too much interested to leave a stone unturned , although every step he took more plainly revealed what it was so painful to discover . He had taken Counsel 's advice upon it , and his own judgment was confirmed : Mr Farrar 's marriage with Marian 's mother was a legal one , and Lilian 's mother had been no wife in the eye of the law . I may as well state here that Mr Farrar received the paper with his letters to Lucy Reed from Mrs Pratt , after her sister 's death , just as they had been found . I thought that it was not at all probable Marian 's mother had ever realised her position , or she would have taken steps to secure it . Most probably , Mr Farrar persuaded her that the document was in some way informal . There is just the possibility that he did not believe in it himself ; and had gone through the ceremony to satisfy Lucy Reed , whilst she was with him during a tour in Scotland . Why he did not at once destroy the evidence against himself , when it came into his possession , since he never could have meant to acknowledge the marriage , is difficult to understand in a man of Mr Farrar 's calibre — as puzzling as a murderer keeping the evidence of his crime about him . We only know that such things are not uncommon . It might have been that Mr Farrar kept the paper to remind him of Marian 's claims upon him , though he never meant them to interfere with Lilian 's . The latter 's mother was a gentlewoman , young and beautiful . He had gratified both love and ambition in marrying her ; and after her death , his love for her child engrossed his whole being . After a few moments ’ reflection , I said : ‘ They will be looking after us presently , Lilian . Would you like Mr Wentworth to explain to Mr Trafford ? ’ ‘ Yes , ’ she whispered ; her trembling hands clinging closer about me . Then , loyal and true to him , she added : ‘ But remember that I do him the justice to say that the loss of the —— Only my shame will trouble him . He has so often wished I had not a penny . ’ I could only gather her to my heart , with a look towards him . His was the hardest task after all ! He and I knew that now . He left us alone ; and my Lilian and I tried to find strength for what was to come , as only such strength can be found . But Lilian would never be the same again . Her love to her father had been wounded unto death ; and I saw that it was her mother — her cruelly wronged mother — who had all her sympathy now . I shall never forget the agony expressed in the whispered words , ‘ Mother ! mother ! ’ We were not left very long alone . Robert Wentworth could barely have had time to tell the story , when Arthur Trafford came striding in by the open window . ‘ Good heavens , Lilian ! what is this ? ’ he ejaculated impetuously ; adding , before she could reply : ‘ Wentworth tells me that — that you take this absurd affair seriously ! ’ ‘ Seriously , Arthur ? ’ she repeated , turning her eyes wonderingly upon him . ‘ I mean : he says you mean to act as though that ridiculous paper were genuine ; but surely that is too absurd ! ’ ‘ Is it not genuine , then ? ’ she eagerly asked , her face for a moment brightening with hope , as she turned towards me : ‘ Is there any doubt about it , Mary ? ’ ‘ I am sorry to say that I think there is not , Lilian , ’ I replied ; feeling that it was less cruel to kill her hope at once , than indulge it . ‘ Mr Wentworth said he had taken Counsel 's advice , you know . ’ ‘ Oh , I suppose it may be genuine enough for the kind of thing ! ’ he said , with an effort to speak lightly . ‘ But of course , none in their senses would for a moment dream of acting upon it . At the very best , it would be only a very doubtful marriage , arranged , I daresay , to satisfy a not too scrupulous girl 's vanity . The thing is done every day ; and I am sure , on reflection , you will not be so Quixotic as to ’ —— ‘ If the paper is legal , I must do what is right — Arthur , ’ she murmured in a low broken tone . ‘ Do you think it would be right to blacken your mother 's good name and give up the —— All your father wished you to have ? The truth is , you have not reflected upon what your acknowledgment of that paper will involve , Lilian . You cannot have given any thought to the misery which would follow . Any true friend of yours would have recommended you to at once put that paper into the fire .— Is that it ? ’ he added , catching sight of the paper which Robert Wentworth had put down on the table before me whilst he was speaking , and which I had neglected to take up . ‘ Yes , by Jove , and that settles the matter ! ’ catching it up and tearing it into shreds .— ‘ I am your best friend , Lilian . ’ ‘ No , no , no ! O Arthur , the shame of it ! ’ ‘ Do not be distressed , dear Lilian ; you forget that is only my copy of the original , ’ I said ; ‘ Mr Trafford is spared . ’ He tried to laugh . ‘ Of course I was only in jest , Lilian . But , seriously now , you should remember that Marian Reed has been brought up to consider herself what she is . But you —— It cannot be possible that you would commit an act which would brand your own mother with shame ! ’ He was quick to see what weapon struck deepest , and did not hesitate to avail himself of it . She shrank under his words , with a low cry . Seeing that he was so blind as to imagine that she would yield through suffering , I sternly said : ‘ Cannot you see that you are wounding her to no purpose , Mr Trafford ? Lilian will do what she believes to be right , come what may . ’ ‘ Not if there is no interference — not if she is allowed to use her own judgment , Miss Haddon ; ’ turning fiercely upon me . ‘ Unfortunately , she has chosen bad advisers ! ’ ‘ O Arthur ! ’ ‘ Come out with me , Lilian ! I am sure I shall be able to shew you the folly of this , ’ he pleaded . ‘ No , no ; I cannot change !— Do not leave me , Mary , ’ she entreated , holding fast to me . ‘ Dear sister , ’ I whispered , ‘ I think it will be better for me to leave you for a few moments . It will be sooner over , and you will find me in the garden presently . ’ And gently unclasping her hands , I left her alone with Arthur Trafford . UNDERGROUND JERUSALEM . As is pretty well known , Jerusalem , the City of David , rendered glorious by the Temple of Solomon , has undergone extraordinary vicissitudes ; has been sacked and burned several times , the last of its dire misfortunes being its destruction by Titus in the year 70 of our era , when there was a thorough dispersion of the Jewish race . This ancient city , however , which is invested with so many sacred memories , always revived somehow after being laid waste , but in a style very different from the original . As it now stands , Jerusalem is a comparatively modern town , built out of ruins , and only by difficult and patient explorations can portions of its ancient remains be identified . Of the old memorials the most remarkable are those underground ; that is to say , in vaults and obscure places only to be reached by excavation . The notification of this fact brings us to a brief but we hope not uninteresting account of what in very recent times has been done , and is now doing by the Palestine Exploration Society , by means of extensive excavations , of which a carefully written description is given in Captain Warren 's Underground Jerusalem . In February 1867 , Captain ( then Lieutenant ) Warren started for Palestine with three corporals of Engineers , and on the 17th arrived at Jerusalem after a prosperous and uneventful journey . The city does not seem to have struck him as being either picturesque or beautiful . ‘ It is a city of facts , ’ he says , ‘ and but little imagination is required to describe it . ’ Yet when viewed from the Mount of Olives , with the hills of Judah stretching to the south , and the rich valley of the Jordan glowing like a many-hued gem beneath the vivid sunlight , and the mountains of Moab cleaving with their purple beauty the soft clear blue of the Syrian sky , he does not deny to it a certain charm ; but his heart was in his work , and his work lay in the old walls , particularly those which marked the almost obliterated inclosure of the Temple . This edifice in the latter days of its glory , after it had been partially rebuilt by Herod the Great , was a splendid building . To enable us to realise its gigantic proportions , Captain Warren tells us that the southern face of the wall is at present nearly the length of the Crystal Palace , and the height of the transept . The area within its walls was more extensive than Lincoln 's Inn Fields or Grosvenor Square , and the south wall offered a larger frontage and far greater height than Chelsea Hospital . It was built of hard white stone , and was enriched with a variety of coloured marbles , with graceful columns , with splendid gates overlaid with gold and silver , with gilded roofs , and with all the gorgeous detail of costly arabesque and carving . So rich was it in its dazzling magnificence , that it aroused the envy and cupidity of all the nations around , and finally fell with the city it adorned before the conquering arms of Titus . The Roman general tried in vain to save it ; fired in the wild fury of the onslaught , it was consumed to ashes ; and its very foundations so obliterated by the superincumbent rubbish , that for ages its precise site has been unknown . In fact the only sites in Jerusalem which were known with absolute certainty were the Mount of Olives and Mount Moriah . Now , in consequence of the discoveries made during the course of his excavations , Captain Warren has been able to identify the walls of the Temple and to make a plan of its courts . He has also found the spot where the little Hill of Zion formerly stood , the Valley of the Kidron , and the true position of the Vale of Hinnom ; but to accomplish all this he has had many difficulties to contend with , quite apart from the necessary labour attending the excavations . The civil and military pachas did all in their power to hinder him , and would not allow him to begin to dig at all until a firman from the Sultan arrived authorising his operations . In the interval of enforced leisure , before the Vizieral permission arrived , he paid some necessary visits in Jerusalem , and then made arrangements for a tour in the lonely wilderness country which stretches to the east of the city . A camp-life , we are told , is at once the most healthy and the most enjoyable in the East . In summer , the domed houses of Jerusalem are intolerable from heat and unpleasant odours ; but out on the wide open upland , with a good horse , galloping along the dewy plains in the fresh exhilarating morning breeze ; or stretched at night on a carpet of wild-flowers , lazily watching the pitching of the tent ; or following with idle glance the myriads of bright-hued birds that dart like rainbow-tinted jewels from branch to branch of the fragrant wild myrtle — there is no land like Palestine for enjoyment . Look where you will , the view is interesting ; that village nestling on the hill-side is Nain — the Fair ; that picturesque rounded hill clothed to the summit with wood is Tabor ; yonder dazzling snow-crowned mountain is Hermon ; and far off in the hollow of the plain , silent and still , you may see gleaming in the sunshine the sullen waves of that mysterious Sea that ages ago ingulfed the guilty Cities of the Plain . Around you , too near sometimes to be pleasant , are the black tents of the Bedouin , true sons of the desert , whose wild life has a zest unknown to the courts of kings : greedy of bakshish , arrant thieves , and utterly reckless of human life , the Bedouins can be very unpleasant neighbours ; and Captain Warren conceived , probably with truth , that the Bedouin encamped near him had all the will to be troublesome , but fortunately lacked the power . Having examined the aqueducts which anciently brought water to the Pools of Solomon , Captain Warren visited and explored a curious cave at Khureitun , or rather a series of four caves opening into each other , which appeared to him to be the veritable Cave of Adullam , where David and his band of malcontents found refuge . Permission from the Grand Vizier having arrived , and the necessary interview with Izzet Pacha being over , the excavations were at once begun , and then the magnitude of the proposed operations was for the first time fully realised by Captain Warren . He had heard vaguely that modern Jerusalem was built upon sixty feet of rubbish ; but he found that the layers of accumulated debris extended to one hundred and thirty , and sometimes two hundred feet in depth . For workmen , he had the peasantry around , who were unaccustomed to the use of the spade and barrow . They worked only with the mattock , and used rush-baskets for carrying out the earth . Another obstacle to progress was the want of wood ; not a plank was to be obtained except at a fabulous price . In spite of all these difficulties , however , he discovered in the first four months a portion of the ancient city wall ; he identified the real Kidron Valley , which runs into the present one , and is choked up with rubbish to the depth of one hundred and fifty feet ; and ascertained that the present brook Kidron runs one hundred feet to the east of , and forty feet above the true bottom of the stream . Thus it would seem that the desolate inclosures of modern Jerusalem , its paltry and yet crowded bazaars , and its gloomy narrow streets , entomb with the beauty and glory and hallowed memories of the past , even those landmarks of nature which we are accustomed to consider most changeless and imperishable . Beneath its wastes lie forgotten valleys and hills , streams which have ceased to flow , and fountains which have long been empty and sealed . Having obtained the necessary apparatus from England , Captain Warren sunk shafts into the mounds of ruin near Jericho ; but found only a few jars of ancient pottery , which crumbled into dust whenever they were exposed to the air . It was now April , the loveliest month in the Syrian year , and the valley of the Jordan , which a few more weeks would transform into a parched brown desert , was in all the flush and glory of its green luxuriance . The wide plain glowed in the tender flush of the dawn like one vast emerald , while countless flowers unfolded their dewy petals , rich with rainbow tints of beauty , as if Iris were about to weave a gorgeous mantle for the departing summer ; while hurrying onward to its dark mysterious Sea rushed the rapid river , its waters gleaming like crystal through the flowering branches of oleander which fringed its banks . When out on this expedition , Captain Warren made the acquaintance of the Samaritans at Nablus , and saw them hold their Passover in front of their ruined temple on Mount Gerizim . It was a striking scene , such as the gloomy brush of a Rembrandt might have loved to paint . As night darkened down over the landscape , it lent to the rugged wildness of the surrounding scenery a dim indistinctness , which gave vastness to its savage outlines ; while in the foreground , tall ghoul-like figures in long white robes flitted about from one reeking oven-mouth to another , watching the sacred Passover lambs as they were in process of being roasted or rather charred with fire ; while the moonlight straggling through the mist mingled with the smoky glare of the torches , and lit up from time to time the dark keen wily faces of the worshippers , crafty and yet fierce , expressive of the mingled courage and guile with which , although few in number , despised and demoralised , they have yet held and still hold their own . The portions of the plain of Jordan at present under cultivation are very limited , and the crops raised consist of wheat , cucumbers , and tobacco . During this tour Captain Warren had for guide or guard a certain Sheik Salah , who he says ‘ was really a good fellow ; and if he had not talked so complacently of marrying an English wife , I should have felt quite friendly to him . This was his hobby . He had a great desire to go to England for this purpose ; evidently supposing that he had only to appear there to take his choice of the first in the land . ’ After three months of wandering through the country , Captain Warren returned to Jerusalem , to find fresh difficulties staring him in the face . The Turks did not keep faith with him ; and he was obliged to prosecute the dragoman of the English Consulate , who had imposed upon him . On the 10th of September his right-hand man , Sergeant Brattles , was taken into custody ; and concluding , like the Apostle Paul , that he was a citizen of no mean nation , he refused to walk out of prison , when asked to do so , until the charges against him were investigated . This ended in his speedy release ; and the works went on , resulting in the discovery of the gymnasium gardens built by Antiochus Epiphanes , the pier of the great arch destroyed by Titus , and a very ancient rock aqueduct , which was found to be cut in two by the wall of Herod 's Temple . An old arch was also discovered , which Captain Warren conceives to be a portion of a bridge connecting Solomon 's palace with the eastern side of the valley . Extending their researches by means of the rock-cut aqueduct , they were so fortunate as to find also an old drain , through which they crawled , and examined the whole wall as far as that well-known portion of it commonly designated ‘ The Jews ’ Wailing-place . ’ This aqueduct was so large that a man mounted on horseback might have ridden through it , and proved of great service to the exploring party until they found it cut through by the foundations of a house . During this month also they discovered the great south wall of the Temple . It has two entrances , known as the Double and Triple Gate ; and besides these a single gate with a pointed arch was discovered leading to the vaults called Solomon 's Stables . These vaults are of comparatively recent date ( of the time of Justinian ) ; but it struck Captain Warren that this single gate being at a place where the vaults were widest , was probably over some ancient entrance . He sunk a shaft beside it , and after much labour succeeded in clearing out an ancient passage lined with beautifully cut stones , with a groove at the bottom cut for liquid to flow along . This he concluded was the channel for the blood of the beasts slain in sacrifice , and he wished to push forward straight to the altar and ascertain its position , but was forced to desist by the opposition of the Turks . To this was added money difficulties , from which he was soon happily relieved , and enabled with a light heart to begin excavations within the area of the Temple . On the south-west side there is a double tunnel called the Double Passage , which is one of the most sacred of the Moslem praying-places . With great difficulty and only by a ruse , this hallowed spot was at last examined ; but nothing of importance was obtained from it . The same may be said of a remarkable expedition into a sewer , which was certainly plucky , even heroic , but barren of any great result . Aqueducts appear to be the order of the day in underground Jerusalem . Near a curious double rock-cut pool , which Captain Warren conceives to be the Pool of Bethesda , a rock-cut passage was noticed by Major Wilson filled with moist sewage . It was four feet wide , and had five or six feet of sewage in it when Captain Warren and Sergeant Brattles examined it . They accomplished their perilous voyage by means of three doors , taking up the hindmost as they advanced ; and being everywhere obliged to exercise the greatest caution , as a single false step might have precipitated them into the Stygian stream below , which would have proved to them a veritable Styx ; for once in , nothing could have rescued them from its slimy abyss . Fortunately , no accident occurred ; but they discovered nothing beyond the fact that it was one of the aqueducts which had brought water to the Temple from the north . About this time the Jews began to take a great interest in the excavations . There are on an average about ten thousand of them in Jerusalem , gathered out of every nation under heaven ; but the bulk of them are either Ashkenazim ( German Jews ) or Sephardim ( Jews from Morocco ) . The Sephardim are a dark robust race , with the traditional hooked nose of the Jews ; the Ashkenazim are more fragile ; and their women are often very beautiful — tall and stately as Sir Walter Scott 's Rebecca , with lustrous almond-shaped eyes , black glossy hair , a delicate complexion , and a bloom so vivid that it puts to shame the blush of the damask rose . It is the custom for all the Jews in Jerusalem to assemble every Friday at their Place of Wailing , under the west wall of the Temple court , there to lament aloud the calamities which have befallen their nation . It is a striking sight to see them at this mournful place of meeting . Differing in nationality , in dress , in language , in intelligence , in rank , they are united only by the curse , which has preserved them through centuries of persecution and exile , a separate and distinct people among the teeming myriads of the earth . There they lie before the curious gazer , old men and youth , matron and maid , prone on their faces on the pavement , or rocking themselves back and forward in their anguish ; while the air resounds with their bitter wailing and lamentation , on which sometimes breaks harshly the loud laugh of the careless Frank , or the cold sneer of the haughty Moslem . In January 1869 Captain Warren received a letter of instructions , directing him to abandon those portions of the work which did not promise immediate results . He had discovered in the Temple inclosure the north wall of Herod 's Temple , but found it impossible to follow it up . He also came upon the old wall of Ophel , a portion of the first wall of the city . On stones in this wall were found characters which the most competent judges declared to be Phoenician ; and also incised marks , such as are found on the old walls of Damascus and Baalbec . About this time Lady Burdett Coutts offered to give twenty-five thousand pounds to supply Jerusalem with water , of which there is a great scarcity during the summer season ; but the proposal ended in nothing , because the Turkish authorities shrewdly concluded that they would have to pay in the long-run for keeping in good order the aqueducts she restored . The want of water is one of the principal reasons why Palestine is at the present day so sterile and unhealthy . And this want of water is ( as in other districts where woods are demolished ) caused in a great degree by the destruction of the forests , and especially of the groves and vineyards which grew on the terraces along the hill-sides . The system of terracing , according to Captain Warren , has the effect of retaining the rain , which falls plentifully at certain seasons of the year , in its natural reservoirs about the roots of the trees and in the hollows of the rocks , instead of allowing it to tumble in wild torrents down the bare hill-sides , and rush headlong to the sea , wasting instead of dispensing all the rich blessings which water alone can give in a dry and thirsty land . What is wanted , Captain Warren says , to make Palestine again a rich and fruitful country , ‘ is a good government , a large population , an energetic people , and a sufficient capital . ’ Wheat grows luxuriantly in Palestine ; and the grapes on the Sandstone formation are as highly flavoured as those of Muscadel , producing in the hill country of Lebanon an excellent wine . Very fine raisins are also dried in the east of Palestine ; and the whole country abounds with sheep , goats , camels , horses , and mules . The mutton of Palestine is very poor , owing to under-feeding and to the accumulation of the whole fat of the animal in its enormous tail . Patches of tobacco are grown ; and figs , oranges , lemons , and apricots flourish when they are carefully tended . Jerusalem is not entirely without the industrial arts : there are seven soap factories ; and a considerable traffic in grain , which is altogether in the hands of the Moslems . There are also five potteries , and many people work as stone-cutters and indigo-dyers . Captain Warren 's last work at Jerusalem was excavating an old wall near the large reservoir called Birket Israil . Here he came upon a slit about eighteen inches wide and four inches high , and was naturally very much excited at something so unusual . At last he was upon the eve of some great discovery . This small aperture might perhaps give access to some secret chamber , in which the Ark and utensils hidden from the plundering Romans had lain undisturbed for ages . Here , favoured by fortune , he might perchance find the famous golden vine , which once with its shining clusters twined in gorgeous splendour around the entrance to the Temple . Vain dream ! That rich fruitage was gathered hundreds of years ago by the hand of some bold legionary . After infinite trouble , the slit was enlarged so as to give access to the apartment , or rather passage below ; and then Captain Warren found one of the most frequent facts — ‘ in his city of facts ’ — an aqueduct ! Much as he has accomplished as the agent of the Palestine Exploration Society , a great deal yet remains to be done before the Holy City of the past can be disentombed from her sepulchre of centuries . That the work interrupted for the present will be continued at some future time , no one can doubt . Forlorn wasted Jerusalem , although no longer the prize for which rival races contend , is as truly hallowed still by solemn recollections to every thoughtful heart , as she was in the days when mailed Crusader and turbaned Turk fought beneath her walls for the mastery of the Holy Sepulchre . No spot on earth thrills the stranger with such mingled emotion as fills the breast of him who , standing on the Mount of Olives , marks its ancient gnarled trees , and remembers that there , on the sward beneath their hoary boughs , has echoed and re-echoed often in the mysterious past the footfall of the Saviour of the World . THE STRONG-MINDED WOMAN . IN TWO CHAPTERS .— CHAPTER II . When Earle arrived at the De Lacys ’ house next day at eleven o'clock by appointment , he was shewn into the library , where he found Miss Stirling alone , busy at needlework . She looked so particularly feminine both in occupation and expression , that Earle fancied the soft gray homespun and crimson ribbon more becoming even than her evening attire . Both were slightly embarrassed as she rose and gave him her hand . ‘ Where is my sitter ? ’ Earle asked , retaining the slim hand in his a moment longer than necessary . ‘ Oh ! you might as easily catch quicksilver as Mrs De Lacy , ’ said Silvia , smiling . ‘ She is in and out fifty times an hour . I believe she went to get ready for you . ’ ‘ Meantime , I want to ask you a favour , ’ Earle said , busy with his apparatus . ‘ I want you to be so very good as to let me have a sitting from you too . I have a board on purpose . ’ ‘ But how will you get time ? ’ said Silvia , her colour deepening . ‘ Oh , I shall have plenty , I fancy , while my legitimate sitter is running in and out . I will keep one beside the other on the easel . ’ ‘ I do not wish it kept secret from her , ’ said Silvia , with the proud honesty of her nature . ‘ Certainly not ; but I want to have your face , if you will let me . I will copy it — for your mother , if I may . Will you give me permission ? ’ ‘ O yes , ’ she answered confusedly , ‘ if you care . ’ ‘ I do care , ’ he said in a low voice ; and at that moment the little lady darted in , the tete-a-tete was broken , and Earle , with a sigh , resigned himself to his unpalatable task . He painted as steadily as the volatile nature of his model permitted , though it is not an easy thing to make a picture , worthy the name , of a once pretty meaningless face that has lost the charm of youth without gaining the dignity of matronhood . But he was rewarded for his penance , for after a while Mrs De Lacy was summoned to some protegee ; and then , with a delightful sense of relief , he put the unsatisfactory labour on one side , and placed instead a clean canvas on the easel . ‘ Now , Miss Stirling , if you will be so kind , will you take that seat and reward me for the tedious hour I have passed ? ’ Silvia complied with his request quietly , without any affectation . The artist became soon deeply absorbed in trying to produce a faithful likeness of the face before him . It was not only the shape of the features , but the expression of the whole , he wished to catch — as much as it could be caught upon canvas . ‘ I cannot get the mouth to my mind , ’ said he , dreamily thinking aloud , as artists do . ‘ What gives it at once that expression , sweet , arch , firm ? ’ Silvia started up indignantly . ‘ Mr Earle ! if I am to sit here , at least spare me that sort of remark . Do you think any woman in the world could sit still and bear to hear her face analysed ? ’ ‘ Do forgive me , ’ he cried , really distressed . ‘ Indeed , I did not mean to be impertinent , but I feel I was . We get so in the habit of ignoring the personality of the faces before us , through having those stolid paid models to paint from . Please look like yourself again , and forgive me . ’ ‘ Well , so I do , ’ said the ‘ subject , ’ with a return of her usual frank sweetness . ‘ I daresay you think I ought to have got hardened ; but I am only a woman , after all , you know . ’ ‘ You are indeed , ’ murmured the artist , as he tenderly touched the curve of the upper lip . So sped the days Earle spent at the De Lacys ’ , the mistress of the house fondly imagining that he was bent on doing her portrait the fullest justice . At last Earle could not pretend that Mrs De Lacy 's portrait required many more touches . One day he said sadly enough , as he and Silvia were alone together : ‘ It 's no use ; this must come to an end . I can n't keep up the delusion that I want more sittings ; so I must bring to a close the happiest hours I ever spent in my life . ’ ‘ I am going home to-morrow , ’ Silvia observed , with her eyes down . ‘ Going home ! are you ? And you said I might call ; do you remember ? Will you ask me again ? ’ ‘ To be sure you may come ; why not ? ’ Miss Stirling answered . ‘ I will try and look forward to that then , for I do feel dreadfully down in the mouth , I confess , at having come to the last of these pleasant hours — pleasant to me , I mean . I can n't hope you have found so much to enjoy in them . ’ ‘ O yes , ’ said Silvia , speaking with frank friendliness ; ‘ we have had a great deal of very interesting talk — when poor Mrs De Lacy was out of the room , ’ she added with a mischievous smile . ‘ It is like you and no other woman I ever knew to say so ! ’ he said warmly . ‘ I want to ask you — I know you will tell me exactly the truth — do you feel now as if I could be a friend of yours ? ’ ‘ If you care to have a friend in a woman who acts constantly in opposition to your cherished ideas . ’ ‘ I have altered many of my ideas since I knew you , ’ Earle said gravely ; ‘ many , but not all . Still you are better , even when you are doing what I disapprove , than any woman I ever knew . ’ ‘ I am glad you tell me the truth , ’ said Silvia . ‘ It is the best preparation for friendship . But tell me , what do you disapprove of in me ? ’ Her face was so gentle and winning as she spoke that he was on the point of saying : ‘ Nothing in the whole world ; only be just yourself ; ’ but Mrs De Lacy came in at that moment , and the words were not spoken . Wilfred left the house feeling more depressed than there was any reason for . ‘ What have I made up my mind to do ? ’ he thought . ‘ I can no longer conceal from myself that I love this woman , who is almost the opposite of all I ever thought to love ; and yet I feel a sort of dread in letting this lead me on . Shall we be happy together if she loves me ? That is the question I cannot answer . I will wait to see her at home ; and then , I suppose I must let “ the great river bear me to the main , ” and take my chance of happiness with the rest . ’ Mrs Stirling and three daughters — of whom our friend Silvia was the eldest — lived in a pleasant terrace about a mile from the De Lacys . They were well to do , though not rich , and lived a happy busy life ; each having interests both separate and in common . They had many friends , and it was a pleasant sociable house to visit at . Mrs Stirling was still young in mind , and entered into all her daughters ’ pursuits and interests with active sympathy . One afternoon they were all together in the drawing-room — except the youngest daughter Marian , who had a studio near where she painted every day — when a double-knock was heard ; by no means an uncommon sound , and yet somehow , lately , every knock seemed to startle Silvia and bring rather a vivid colour to her face . The servant brought in a card inscribed ‘ Mr Earle ; ’ and that gentleman followed , with an outward appearance of great coolness , but some inward trepidation . ‘ Mother , ’ said Silvia quietly , rising and giving him a cordial hand , ‘ this is my friend , Mr Earle , of whom I spoke . ’ ‘ We are very glad to make your acquaintance , Mr Earle , ’ said Mrs Stirling , in the same cordial natural way , making room by the fire . ‘ Silvia told us what a successful portrait you made of her . ’ Earle 's glance round the room pleased his fastidious taste thoroughly . It was emphatically a lady 's room , filled with pretty feminine things ; and without being in the least untidy , was evidently a room to be lived in and to have ‘ good times , ’ as Silvia 's compatriots say . Mrs Stirling too , whose tall elegant figure and frank manner were repeated in her daughter 's , was a woman of marked refinement and culture . He found out this much in five minutes . They had plenty to say to each other ; the Stirlings seemed to read everything , and to have thought about most things ; but there was nothing in the slightest degree pedantic or ‘ blue-stocking ’ in their talk . So the chat went on merrily — for Wilfred too was a man who could think — but without much help from Silvia , who was unusually silent . Tea was brought in presently ; and as she took her place at the tray , Earle found his eyes constantly straying that way and watching her pretty graceful movements . The mother 's keen eyes soon discovered the secret , and she turned her head to conceal an amused smile . ‘ I was nearly forgetting one of the objects of my call , ’ said the artist , after paying an unconscionably long visit . ‘ I brought a copy of Miss Stirling 's portrait to offer for your acceptance . Shall I fetch it ? I left it in the hall . ’ The picture was brought in ; and Mrs Stirling regarded it with exceeding interest . ‘ It is indeed beautifully done — beautifully ! ’ she said . ‘ How Marian will enjoy it ! It is only much too good for me . You have idealised my Silvia , Mr Earle . ’ ‘ Yes ; it is shamefully flattered , ’ said Silvia . ‘ I do n't think so at all ! ’ Earle cried eagerly . ‘ I am sure it is not in the very least ! One tries always of course to catch the best expression , the happiest moment . ’ ‘ Well , you must have caught it at a very happy moment , ’ said Mrs Stirling ; and then she was vexed with herself , for she saw that her daughter was vexed . To change the subject , she observed : ‘ Silvia is going to another Suffrage Meeting on Monday , in —— ’ This did very effectually change the subject . Earle felt a revulsion of feeling that was painful to a degree . ‘ Indeed , ’ he responded coldly . ‘ Will you be at home on Sunday ? ’ This question , uttered under a sudden impulse , took them all by surprise . He addressed the question directly to Silvia , whose confusion made her stammer out some half-formed words ; but Wilfred was quite calm and master of the situation . ‘ I was going to ask — if Mrs Stirling allows Sunday visitors — if I might call on that day . I particularly want to see you before you go to ——. May I come on Sunday afternoon ? ’ Silvia had never before felt so utterly at a loss for a reply ; but her mother came to the rescue with some polite words ; and the artist almost immediately took leave . ‘ Well , my darling , ’ said the mother , breaking the pause his departure left . ‘ What do you think of all this ? ’ ‘ Mother , ’ said Silvia with gentle decision , ‘ I want to ask you , to please me , not to allude to this again till after Sunday . ’ On Sunday afternoon — a dull , cold , foggy day enough — Wilfred found his way again to Eaglemore Gardens . His mind was made up ; and his handsome face looked a little set and stern as he paused at the door and asked quietly this time for Miss Stirling . The American custom seemed to him at that moment to be a most respectable one . What an amount of management and finessing it saved , for of course every one knew it was Silvia , and Silvia only , he wanted to see . He was shewn into a small study ; and in a few moments heard a dress rustle down the stair and rather a timid touch on the door-handle . As Silvia came in , Earle 's face by the dull light looked to her hard and strange , which did not tend to quiet her nerves . She was very pale , and there was an appealing wistfulness in her eyes as she lifted them to his which went straight to his heart ; but he gave no sign . He took her hand , pressed it , and gently placed her in an armchair , while he remained standing by the mantelpiece with his head down . Neither had yet spoken ; both felt they were touching upon a period of their lives with which common forms had nothing to do . Silvia heard her heart thump , and the clock tick , with painful distinctness : she seemed all ear . All around seemed oppressive silence . At last Earle broke the silence : his voice had a deeper tone in it than usual , a resolutely suppressed passion vibrated in it . ‘ Silvia , ’ he said , ‘ I am going to speak the very truth to you — as one speaks not often in one 's life — you have taken possession of me — against my will almost — I love you as I never loved woman before — I scarcely know myself how deeply . Speak the truth to me as I have done to you . Whether you love me or love me not , I shall never offer to any living woman what I offer to you , for mine is no boy 's love . Speak to me , Silvia . ’ ‘ I will tell you nothing but the truth , ’ she said , forcing her voice to be steady . ‘ I do return your love , I believe I do — though I hardly seem to have shaped it out to myself yet — but ’ —— ‘ Yes ; there is a “ but ” — I know it . What is your doubt , Silvia ? Do not I care for you enough ? ’ ‘ I believe you do , ’ she answered softly . ‘ I believe you must love me very much , because I know it is against your own judgment . But my doubt is — shall we be happy ? I know I am not the woman you would deliberately choose for a wife . ’ Earle half laughed , though he was terribly in earnest . ‘ What man in love ever “ deliberately chose ” a woman for his wife ? ’ ‘ But should I , could I indeed make you happy ? ’ she said . ‘ Yes , darling , ’ he answered , melting into tenderness , and sinking by her chair . ‘ If you can love me enough to make some sacrifices for me . ’ ‘ I should never hesitate to sacrifice anything but duty to one I love , ’ she said , as he drew her to him . ‘ Ah , but people have mistaken ideas of duty , often ! I want you now , this minute , to give up something I believe you think your duty . ’ ‘ What is that ? ’ she asked , drawing away from him . ‘ I cannot bear to have the woman I love standing up in public to speak before a crowd of vulgar strangers , ’ he cried , almost fiercely . ‘ If you love me , Silvia , give this up for me ! ’ ‘ You mean on future occasions , after we are — are ’ —— ‘ No ; I mean now , to-morrow : give up this meeting for me , to-morrow ! ’ ‘ Impossible ! I cannot . They are reckoning upon me , and I have promised ’ —— ‘ You could easily excuse yourself . ’ ‘ I will make no false excuses , ’ cried Silvia with warmth . ‘ I admit my love for you — but I will never bind myself to what you may choose to demand . If we married , you might trust me to consider your wishes before my own , before everything but conscience ; but I will not give way to this exaction — now . I cannot break my promise , and do what I feel to be wrong and cowardly ; no , not to be the happiest woman upon earth ! And do you think a marriage begun like that would be a happy one ? No , no ; better be sorry now than then . ’ He got up and stood apart from her , gloomily . ‘ Then you will not ? A woman like you is too advanced for the dear old traditions of love ! ’ ‘ I will never marry a man who is ashamed of what his wife has done , ’ answered Silvia very low , but calmly . ‘ My old prejudice was a just one , after all , ’ said he , with a sigh . ‘ Good-bye . ’ ‘ Need we part so bitterly ? ’ she said tremulously . ‘ May we not even be friends again ? ’ ‘ Friends ! It is the idlest folly talking of friendship , when one 's heart is on fire with love . I could more easily hate you , Silvia , than only be your friend ! Good-bye . God bless you , though you have tortured me . God bless you , Silvia . ’ In another instant the front-door closed , and Silvia Stirling was alone with a breaking heart . True to her word , she determined on going to —— the next day . She was looking and feeling wretchedly ill , but she would not give it up , and only stipulated that none but a maid should go with her to the station . It was Silvia 's way to suffer in silence and alone . She took her ticket , and sank into a corner of an empty carriage with a heart aching to positive physical pain . To her annoyance a gentleman followed her in , and the train moved out of the station . She raised her listless mournful eyes and saw — Wilfred ! She turned so white that he threw himself beside her , and in an instant had his arm about her . ‘ Why , why have you come ? ’ she murmured with dry trembling lips . ‘ Cruel of you to torture me again ! ’ ‘ My darling , it is not now to torture you that I have come — only for this — I can n't live without you . I thought I could , but I can n't . I have been so vexed with myself ever since we parted . Do you think you can forgive me , my sweet ! and trust me with yourself after all ? ’ ‘ Then you will let me — let me ’ —— ‘ Let you be your own dear self ? Yes , Silvia ; I ask for nothing better . As long as we know and trust each other , what does it matter what all the world says ? I will trust you , dear one . Can you trust me ? ’ For answer , Silvia put up her lips and met his in a first kiss . Nothing more was needed . ‘ I am going to shew you , ’ he said , after a delicious pause , ‘ that I can be superior even to my prejudices . I have come to take you to this meeting , and to steel myself , for your sake , to what I dislike as much as ever . I could not bear the thought of you alone and sad . I knew you would be . ’ ‘ This shall be the last time I do what you dislike , ’ she murmured softly . ‘ Do n't promise anything , ’ he interrupted . ‘ I leave you absolutely free . We will work together and be , as you said , true friends as well as lovers . Are you happy now ? ’ The honest tender eyes answered the question for her . Some months after , Mr Roberts received the following note from his old friend Wilfred Earle : ‘ DEAR JACK — I want you to come and dine with Benedict the married man next Tuesday , and see how happy his “ strong-minded woman ” makes him . You were right , old fellow ! The clever women do make the best wives after all . That was a blessed day for me that I went , under protest , to hear my Silvia “ spout in public . ” The spouting days are over now ; but I am not ashamed of anything she has done or said . You may laugh at my inconsistency as much as you like ; I can afford to laugh too , as I have won something worth winning . Come and judge for yourself , and see your old friend in Elysium , and then go and do the same thing yourself . I can tell you , my wife knows how to welcome my friends ; and I hope you will think she makes her house and mine a pleasant one . Au revoir , Jack ; and between ourselves — she does not at all object to smoking . W. E . ’ LIME-JUICE . The subject of lime-juice has suddenly become one of great public interest . When the chief outlines of the proceedings and experiences of the recent Arctic Expedition appeared in print , much surprise and concern were felt at the sad prostration of so many of the crew by scurvy , the most terrible of all the diseases of maritime life . A Committee of experienced men , old Arctic heroes and medical officers , has been appointed by the Admiralty to investigate the whole subject . We shall of course abstain from all comment or speculation here as to the result ; but our readers will not be unwilling to learn something concerning the wonderful effects of lime-juice , by contrasting the state of affairs before and since the introduction of that beverage ( or rather medicament ) as a regular item on shipboard . Scurvy is a disease concerning which medical men are a little divided in opinion . The relative values of pure air , fresh water , vegetable food , and general cleanliness have not been precisely ascertained . The disease sometimes attacks landsmen under varied circumstances . Martin , who visited the Shetlands early in the last century , found that the inhabitants suffered much from scurvy , which he attributed to the too great use of salt fish . Brand , near about the same period , learned that the Orkney Islanders were often unable to obtain any kind of bread whatever ; as a consequence , this dire disease was rife among them . In Von Troil 's account of Iceland in the same century , he found that the people lived much upon stale fish , fish livers and roes , fat and train-oil of whales and seals , and sour milk ; their clothes were often wet , and the poor folks were constantly exposed to all the hardships of poverty . Such persons supplied the greater number of cases of scurvy in Iceland ; those inhabitants who took less fish , sour whey , & c ., and ate Iceland moss and other vegetables , were less affected . A singular remedy , or supposed remedy , for those attacked was to bind earth-worms over the blotches , & c. produced by the disease , renewing them as fast as they dried up . The Faroee Islanders suffered much from this affliction at one time ; but when the fishing declined and the people began to grow corn , the general health improved . Coming down to more recent times , Ireland suffered from scurvy during the famine years 1846-7 ; potatoes were almost unattainable , and other kinds of food high in price . Devon and Cornwall were at one time much afflicted in this way during the winter , the disease disappearing when vegetable food became abundant and cheap in spring and summer . Soldiers and besieged cities have suffered terrible ordeals in this way . When Louis IX . led his crusaders against the Saracens in 1260 , the French were much stricken with scurvy , owing to scarcity of food and water and the malarious state of the air . At the siege of Breda in 1625 , and at that of Thorn in 1703 ; in the Hungarian campaign of the Austrians and Turks in 1720 ; at the siege of Quebec in 1760 — the same calamity had to be borne . Towards the close of the last century , when Bonaparte crossed the Alps into Italy , his troops suffered greatly from this infliction . So did the British troops at the Cape in 1836 . The armies on both sides were much afflicted with the malady during the Crimean War of 1854-5 . But it is in maritime life that this dreadful scourge used to be most appalling . It carried off more sailors than all other causes combined — nearly eighty thousand during the Seven Years ’ War alone . Salt food , absence of vegetables , foul or deficient water , defective cleanliness , mental depression , over-fatigue — some or other of these agencies were always at work . Vasco da Gama had full reason to know the effects of scurvy on his crew during his voyage to the East in 1497 . Pigafetta , during a voyage near Cape Horn in 1519 , was exposed to the evils of biscuit worm-eaten and reduced to repulsive mouldy dust , and scarcely any other kind of food ; his crew were attacked with scurvy severely ; their gums swelled so as to hide the teeth , and the upper and lower jaws were so diseased that mastication was nearly impossible . All our famous old navigators — Drake , Davis , Cavendish , Dampier , Hawkins — had mournful reason to know how great were the ravages produced on their crews by this distemper . Perhaps the most sadly celebrated of all voyages , in regard to this particular visitation , was that of Captain ( afterwards Lord ) Anson . He was placed in command of a squadron bound for the South Seas to act against French and Spanish vessels and settlements . The narrative of his voyage was afterwards drawn up from his papers by Mr Walter , chaplain of the Centurion . Setting forth in 1740 , his sojourn in foreign regions was a prolonged one . After the squadron had rounded Cape Horn and entered the Pacific , scurvy began to make its appearance among the crews ; their long continuance at sea , the fatigues they had undergone , and various disappointments that had had to be endured , all contributed to the spread of the disease . There were few on board the Centurion who were free from its attacks . In the month of April forty-three men died . Anson hoped that , as they advanced north , the spread would be checked ; but the death-rate was nearly doubled in May . As the ship did not reach port till the middle of June , and as the mortality went on increasing , the deaths reached a number exceeding two hundred ; even among the remainder of the crew they could not muster at last more than six foremast-men in a watch fit for duty . To sum up : in the first two years of a five years ’ voyage , Anson lost no less than two-fifths of the original crew . Anson 's experience shewed that the scurvy was not driven back even when the conditions might seem to have been moderately favourable . ‘ It has been generally assumed that plenty of fresh provisions and water are effectual preventives . But it happened that in the present instance we had a considerable stock of fresh provisions on board , such as hogs and fowls , which were taken in at Paita ; besides which we almost every day caught great abundance of bonitos , dolphins , and albicores . The unsettled season , which deprived us of the benefit of the trade-wind , proved extremely rainy ; we were enabled to fill up our water-casks about as fast as they were emptied ; and each man had five pints of water per day . Notwithstanding all this , the sick were not relieved , nor the spread of the disease retarded . The ventilation too was good , the decks and cabins well attended to , and ports left open as much as possible . ’ Another passage in the narrative tends to shew that the officers were much impressed with this failure of many preventives which are usually regarded as very important . ‘ All I have aimed at is only to shew that in some instances the cure and prevention of the disease are alike impossible by any management , or by the application of any remedies which can be made use of at sea . Indeed I am myself fully persuaded that when it has once got to a certain head , there are no other means in nature for relieving the diseased but carrying them on shore , or at least bringing them into the neighbourhood of land . ’ Thus wrote an observant man in the days when the remarkable qualities of lime-juice were little known . Later in the same century , Captain Cook , owing either to better management or to being exposed to less unfavourable circumstances , or to both causes combined , fared better than Lord Anson . Although he had a little lime-juice , he reserved that for medical cases . He gave his men sweet malt-wort ; another article administered was sowens , obtained by long steeping oatmeal in water until the liquid becomes a little sour ; and sour-kraut , consisting of slices of cabbage salted , pressed down , fermented , and barrelled — without vinegar . Cook lost only one man from scurvy out of a hundred and eighteen , during voyages that lasted three years , and in oceans that ranged over so much as a hundred and twenty degrees in latitude . Quite at the close of the century , Peron during a voyage of discovery suffered greatly ; but everything was against him . Putrefying meat , worm-eaten biscuit , foul water — all tended to produce such a state of matters that not a soul on board was exempt from scurvy ; only four , including officers of the watch , were able to remain on deck . The second surgeon M. Taillefer , behaved heroically . Although himself affected , he was employed at all hours in attendance on the rest — at once their physician , comforter , and friend . And now we come to the subject of lime-juice , a liquid which , on the concurrent testimony of all competent persons , possesses a remarkable power , both in preventing attacks of scurvy , and in curing the disease when the symptoms have already made themselves manifest . How the discovery arose , no one can now say ; probably the fact grew upon men 's attention by degrees , without any special discovery at any particular date . That vegetables and fruits are acceptable when scurvy has made its appearance , has been known for centuries past . The potato , for instance , has often been purposely adopted as an article of diet in prisons , on the occurrence of this disease , with good effect — a few pounds of this root being added to the weekly rations . Countries in which oranges and lemons are abundant and cheap have not been much affected with the malady . In 1564 a Dutch ship , bringing a cargo of oranges and lemons from Spain , was attacked with scurvy ; the men were supplied plentifully with the fruit , and recovered . Other varieties of the same genus , such as the lime , citron , and shaddock , gradually became recognised as possessing much value in cases of this malady . In 1636 Mr Woodall , a medical officer in the navy , published his Surgeon 's Assistant , in which he dwelt forcibly on the great importance of employing fruits of this class . He expressed an opinion that oranges , lemons , and the like , come well to maturity in the intertropical zone where scurvy is most rife , and in a humble thankful spirit commented thus on the fact : ‘ I have often found it true that where a disease most reigneth , even there God hath appointed the best remedies for the same , if it be His will they should be discovered and used . ’ It was more than a century later that Dr Lind wrote especially on this subject , emphatically pronouncing that the juice of oranges and lemons is a better remedy for scurvy than any other known medicament . Lord Anson 's disastrous experience had drawn public attention to the subject , and more attention was paid to Lind than had been bestowed on Woodall . Nevertheless , the eighteenth century nearly closed before the English government were roused to action in the matter . To Sir Gilbert Blane is due the honour of inducing the Admiralty to furnish a supply of lime-juice to all ships of the royal navy , especially those starting on long voyages . The effect was wonderful . The records of the Royal Naval Hospital at Haslar , near Gosport , shewed that one thousand four hundred and fifty-seven cases of scurvy were admitted in 1780 , whereas in 1806 there was only one single case ; the introduction of lime-juice as a regular item in ships ’ supplies having taken place in the intervening period . Scurvy became quite a rare disease on shipboard ; and many ships ’ surgeons are said to have advanced towards middle life without having seen an instance of it . When Captain Parry organised his expeditions to the icy regions , he was sedulously attentive to this as well as to all other matters connected with the health and well-being of his crews . As he found that some of his men occasionally shirked the lime-juice given out to them , he adopted the plan of mustering them every day , and seeing that every one drank off his due allowance . When the juice has been obtained by the aid of a screw-press or any other means , it is heavy , cloudy , and sour . A proportion of ten per cent . of spirit is added to preserve the juice from being too much affected by tropical heats , and also to modify the possible effect of too great acidity . The mixture is carefully bottled for sea-use ; and the sailors and marines begin to drink it about a fortnight after leaving port . About an ounce a day per man is the usual allowance , often mixed with sugar in their grog ; the quantity is increased if any symptoms of scurvy make their appearance . Lime-juice may be preserved in the same way as ripe fruits by placing the bottles containing it in water , boiling for half an hour , gradually cooling , and hermetically sealing . Dr Leach , consulted by the Board of Trade , strongly recommended the use of lime-juice in all emigrant and other passenger ships , and drew up a dietary scale for this purpose . An act of parliament had before that date been passed , directing the adoption of this medicament in the mercantile marine ; but the lime-juice supplied by contractors was found to be frequently so grossly adulterated that scurvy began to appear . Whereupon a further statute ordered that all lime-juice should be officially inspected before being placed on shipboard . One ounce daily per head is now a pretty general allowance in all ships alike . The better class of passenger-ship owners , such as Messrs Wigram , had long before adopted the system , without waiting for any official pressure . It is now , to sum up , admitted beyond doubt or cavil , that lime-juice is the most valuable of all known agents for warding off scurvy , or for curing when the disease has made its appearance . In an earlier paragraph we briefly adverted to the fact that a Committee is officially examining into the circumstances connected with the outbreak of scurvy in the Alert and Discovery . Of course no attempt will be made here to anticipate the result , nor to pronounce an opinion on the question involved . But Captain Sir George Nares has himself made public some remarkable observations on the matter , revealing facts never before so fully known to those who are most directly interested in the subject . In a speech delivered at Guildhall , the gallant officer said : ‘ No sledge-party employed in the Arctic regions in the cold month of April has ever been able to issue a regular ration of lime-juice . Every commander has desired to continue the daily issue while travelling , as recommended by medical authorities ; but all have failed in doing so during the cold weather . In addition to the extra weight to be dragged that its carriage would entail , there is the more serious consideration of the time and fuel necessary to melt it .... After the middle of May , when the weather is warmer , lime-juice can be ( and was ) used as a ration . Of course hereafter lime-juice in some shape or other must be carried in all sledging-journeys ; and I earnestly trust that some means will be found to make it into a lozenge ; for as a fluid , there is and always will be extreme difficulty in using it in cold weather , unless Arctic travelling is considerably curtailed . Owing to the thaw which sets in before the return of the sledges , in its present state it must be carried in bottles ; but up to the middle of May it remains frozen as solid as a rock . If the bottles have not already been broken by the jolting of the sledge or the freezing of the contents , they have to be broken on purpose before chipping off a piece of the frozen lime-juice , as if it were a piece of stone . ’ Cannot our pharmaceutical chemists come to the rescue , and devise some mode of making lime-juice into small convenient lozenges or dry confections ? ‘ BELL-ANIMALCULES . ’ As we write , we look upon a prospect which excites our wonder and interest . The eye sees a variety of form and structure presenting a combination of grace and delicacy hardly to be matched in the whole of Nature 's domain . Within the compass of a small round disc or circle , we behold numerous beings , each consisting of a bell-shaped head mounted on a delicate flexible stalk . The margins of the bells are fringed with minute processes , resembling miniature eyelashes , and hence named cilia ; and these processes wave to and fro with an incessant motion , by means of which particles of solid matter suspended in the water around are swept into the mouth of the bells . Suddenly some impulse moves the beings we are gazing upon to contract themselves , and as if by magic , and more quickly than the eye can follow them , the bell-shaped bodies shrink up almost into nothingness by the contracting power of their stalks . Soon , however , as the alarm disappears , the beings once more uncoil themselves , the stalks assume their wonted and straight appearance , the little cilia or filaments once again resume their waving movements , and the current of life proceeds as before . The spectacle we have been describing is not by any means a rare or uncommon one , to the microscopist at least . We have merely been examining a tiny fragment of pond-weed and its inhabitants , floating in a thin film of stagnant water . Attached to the weed is a colony of those peculiar animalcules known popularly as ‘ bell-animalcules , ’ and to the naturalist as Vorticellae . Yet common as the sight may be to the naturalist , it affords one example of the many undreamt-of wonders which lie literally at the feet , and encompass the steps of ordinary observers ; and it also exemplifies the deep interest and instruction which may be derived from even a moderate acquaintance with natural history , together with the use of a microscope of ordinary powers . The bell-animalcules are readily procured for examination . Their colonies and those of neighbour-animalcules may be detected by the naked eye existing on the surface of pond-weeds as a delicate white nap , looking like some lower vegetable growth . And when a portion of the weed is placed under the object-glass of the microscope , numerous animalcules are to be seen waving backwards and forwards in all their vital activity . The general appearance of each animalcule has already been described . The bell-shaped structure which , with its mouth turned uppermost , exists at the top of each stem or stalk , is the body . The stalk is never branched in these animalcules ; and except in certain instances to be presently alluded to , each stalk bears a single head only . The structure of the stalk is worthy of special mention . The higher powers of the microscope shew us that within the soft substance or protoplasm , of which not only the stalk but the body also is composed , a delicate muscular fibre is contained . This fibre possesses the power of contracting under stimulation , just as the muscles of higher animals contract or shorten themselves . And by means of this structure therefore , the bell-animalcules , when danger threatens them , are enabled to contract themselves with great rapidity , the stalk itself shrinking up into a spiral form . The operation reminds one forcibly of some sensitive plant shrinking when rudely touched . The lower extremity of the stalk forms a kind of ‘ root , ’ by means of which the animalcules attach themselves to fixed objects , such as pond-weeds , & c . The bell-shaped body is sometimes named the calyx , from its resemblance to the structure of that name in flowers . The edge of the bell possesses a very prominent rim , and within this we find the fringe of filaments or cilia , which in reality form a spiral line leading to the edge of the bell , where at one point is situated the mouth , represented by an aperture or break in the rim of the body . We have seen that the cilia create miniature maelstroms or whirlpools in the surrounding water , which have the effect of drawing particles of food towards the mouth . The study of the bell-animalcules affords an excellent example of the gaps which yet remain to be filled up in our knowledge of the structure even of the lowest and commonest forms of life . No structures are more frequently met with in the animal world than the delicate vibratile filaments or cilia , so well seen in the bell-animalcules . The microscopist meets with them in almost every group of animals he can examine . They are seen alike in the gills of the mussel and in the windpipe of man ; and wherever currents of air or fluid require to be maintained and produced . Yet when the physiologist is asked to explain how and why it is that little microscopic filaments — each not exceeding in many cases the five-thousandth part of an inch in length , and destitute of all visible structure — are enabled to carry on incessant and independent movements , his answer is , that science is unable , at the present time , to give any distinct reply to the query . No trace of muscles is found in these filaments , and their movements are alike independent of the will and nervous system ; for when removed uninjured from the body of the animal of which they form part , their movements may continue for days and weeks together . What a field for future inquiry may thus be shewn to exist , even within the compass of a bell-animalcule 's history — these animalcules being themselves of minute size , and even when massed together in colonies , barely perceptible to the unassisted sight ! A very simple and ingenious plan of demonstrating the uses of the cilia in sweeping food-particles into the mouths of the animalcules , was devised by Ehrenberg , the great German naturalist . This plan consists in strewing in the water in which the animalcules exist , some fragments of coloured matter , such as indigo or carmine , in a very fine state of division . These coloured particles can readily be traced in their movements , and accordingly we see them tossed about and whirled about by the ciliary currents , and finally swept into the mouths of the animalcules , which appear always to be on the outlook , if one may so term it , for nutritive matter . Sometimes when we may be unable to see the cilia themselves , on account of the delicate structure , we may assure ourselves of their presence by noting the currents they create . The structure of the bell-animalcules is of very simple and primitive kind . The body consists of a mass of soft protoplasm — as the substance of the lower animals and plants is named ; but this matter is capable of itself of constituting a distinct and complete animal form , and of making up for its want of structure by a literally amazing fertility of functions . Thus it can digest food ; for in the bell-animalcules and their neighbours , the food-particles swept into the mouth are dissolved amid the soft matter of the body in which they are imbedded . Although the animalcules possess no digestive system , the protoplasm of the body serves them in lieu of that apparently necessary apparatus , and prepares and elaborates the food for nourishing the body . Then we have seen that the animalcules contract when irritated or alarmed . A tap on the slide of glass on which they are placed for microscopic examination , initiates a literal reign of terror in the miniature state ; for each animalcule shrinks up as if literally alarmed at the unwonted innovation in its existence . This proceeding suggests forcibly to us that they are sensitive — if not in the sense in which higher animals exhibit sensation , at least in much the same degree and fashion as a sensitive plant . And where sensation exists , analogy would lead us to believe that some form of apparatus resembling or corresponding to nerves exercising the function of feeling , must be developed in the animalcules . Yet the closest scrutiny of the bell-animalcules , as well as of many much higher forms , fails to detect any traces of a nervous system . And hence naturalists fall back upon the supposition that this curious protoplasm or body-substance of these and other lower animals and plants , possesses the power of receiving and conveying impressions ; just as in the absence of a stomach , it can digest food . The last feature in the organisation and history of the bell-animalcules that we may allude to in the present instance is that of their development . If we watch the entire life-history of these animalcules , we shall observe the bell-shaped heads of various members of the colony to become broadened , and to increase disproportionately in size . Soon a groove or division appears in this enlarged head ; and as time passes , the head appears to divide into two parts or halves , which for a time are borne by the one stalk . This state of matters , however , does not continue ; and shortly one of the halves breaks away from the stalk , leaving the other to represent the head of the animalcule . This wandering half or head is now seen to be provided at each end with cilia , and by means of these filaments swims freely throughout the surrounding water . After a time , however , it settles down , develops a stalk from what was originally its mouth extremity ; whilst the opposite or lower extremity with its fringe of cilia comes to represent the mouth of the new animalcule . We thus note that new bell-animalcules may be produced by the division of the original body into two halves . They also increase by a process of budding . New buds grow out from the body near the attachment of the stalk ; these buds in due time appearing as young Vorticellae , which detach themselves from their parent and seek a lodgment of their own . These briefly sketched details may serve to interest readers in a comparatively unknown field of observation , accessible to every one who cares to know something of one of the many life-histories with which our universe teems , but which from their very plenty are seldom thought of or recognised . And the present subject is also not uninteresting if we regard it in the light of a corrective to those too commonly received notions , usually fostered by ignorance of our surroundings , that there is nothing worth attention in the universe but humanity and human affairs . ADVICE TO YOUNG WOMEN . In marrying make your own match : do not marry a man to get rid of him or to save him . The man who would go to destruction without you would as likely go with you , and perhaps bring you along . Do not marry in haste , lest you repent at last . Do not let aunts , fathers , or mothers sell you for money or position into bondage , tears , and life-long misery , which you alone must endure . Do not place yourself habitually in the society of any suitor until you have decided the question of marriage ; human wills are weak , and people often become bewildered , and do not know their error until it is too late . Get away from their influence , settle your head , and make up your mind alone . A promise may be made in a moment of sympathy , or even half-delirious ecstasy , which may have to be redeemed through years of sorrow , toil , and pain . Do not trust your happiness to the keeping of one who has no heart , no health . Beware of insane blood , and those who use ardent spirits ; shun the man who ever gets intoxicated . Do not rush thoughtlessly , hastily , into wedded life , contrary to the counsels of your friends . Love can wait ; that which cannot wait is something of a very different character .— Newspaper paragraph . LINES TO THE MEMORY OF THOMAS TYRIE , A YOUNG EDINBURGH POET OF GREAT PROMISE . The fairest flowers that Summer wrings From grassy mound to scent the air — The leaves that sweetest beauty wear When from the skies on happy wings Spring flies to earth — in sad decay Are first to fall , and fade away . And like the garden rose that rears ‘ Mongst lesser flowers its stately form , But droops and dies before the storm , When Winter 's gloomy face appears — Yet leaves within Affection 's heart A beauty , that can ne'er depart — A love , that Death may never claim , Nor mix with his forgetful gloom Amidst the stillness of the tomb ; So Memory keeps his honoured name Within the mind ; there shall it be Till Time shall find Eternity . His life was like the snowy cloud That peaceful decks the evening sky , And fills with love the gazer 's eye ; But when the voice of thunder loud Commands , it finds an early doom , And disappears amongst the gloom . Or like the snowy-crested wave That sweeps along the sounding shore In sunshine , then is seen no more , Was his sweet life that early gave Its noble soul to Him who lives For aye , and takes but what He gives . Ne'er trod the earth a purer soul Than he , upon whose early bier I lay unworthy tribute here ; Nor , while the stream of life shall roll , On earth at least I hope to find A youth of more exalted mind Than he , whom God hath called away To grace the loveful lands of never-dying day ! D. R. W . Printed and Published by W. & R. CHAMBERS , 47 Paternoster Row , LONDON , and 339 High Street , EDINBURGH . All Rights Reserved .