CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 449 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , AUGUST 7 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . THE SULTAN 'S BEAR . [ 1 ] The sultan being one day rather out of sorts , sent for his Jewish physician , a man very eminent for skill in his profession , and not less distinguished by his love of his own nation and his desperate enmity to the Christians . Finding that his patient had not really much the matter with him , and thinking a little gossip would not only be more agreeable , but more likely to do him good , than any medicine which could be prescribed , the doctor began to discourse on the very familiar topic of his highness 's favourite bear , which was lying at his feet , and whose virtues and abilities he was never tired of extolling . ‘ You would wonder , ’ said the sultan , ‘ not only at the natural sagacity of the creature , and the tact which he shews in a thousand different ways , but at the amount of knowledge he has collected , and the logical correctness with which he uses it . He is really a very knowing beast . ’ The Jew politely acquiesced in all this and much more ; but at length added : ‘ It is well that such a clever animal is in such good hands . If his extraordinary talents are not developed to the utmost , they are at least not perverted and made a bad use of . ’ ‘ I hope not , indeed , ’ said the sultan . ‘ But what do you mean by his talents not being developed ? or in what way would they be likely to be perverted in bad hands ? ’ ‘ Pardon me , ’ said the Jew ; ‘ I have spoken rashly before your sublime highness — such things should not be talked of ; but it is natural that , although I know very little about them , I should consider the practice and the purpose bad , when they belong to what I consider a bad people : at the same time , if your sublime highness thinks fit to tolerate them , it is not for your faithful slave to say a word about it . I should be sorry that your sublime highness should not extend to your Christian subjects the same toleration and paternal kindness my own people enjoy . ’ ‘ What in the world do you mean ? ’ said the sultan . ‘ What have the Christians to do with my bear ? ’ ‘ Nothing at all , ’ replied the Jew with great earnestness ; and he added , with a sigh , ‘ that is the very thing I am thankful for . It is such a remarkable creature , that there is no saying what might come of it . ’ ‘ Come of what ? ’ said the sultan . ‘ Why , ’ said the Jew , in a humble and very confidential tone , ‘ your sublime highness is of course aware , that among the many curious secrets the Christians possess , they have one which enables them to teach bears to read . ’ ‘ You do n't say so ? ’ exclaimed the sultan . ‘ How do they contrive it ? ’ ‘ Ah , ’ replied the Jew with an internal shudder , ‘ that is more than I can tell your sublime highness . I do n't suppose that half-a-dozen of your subjects , except themselves , are aware of the fact ; and few even among the Christians know the secret . I only obtained the little knowledge I have by accidental circumstances , which put me upon the inquiry ; and I was a long while before I could feel perfectly certain that they actually did the thing . How they did it , and why , I have never been able to learn . It is one of their greatest secrets , one of their deepest , and therefore , I suspect , one of their most pernicious mysteries . I do not suppose that any man among them would confess it to save his life — not even the old patriarch , if he were put to the rack . ’ ‘ It is very strange , ’ said the sultan , after a pause . ‘ It is wonderful , ’ said the physician with much emphasis . ‘ What is the harm of it ? ’ exclaimed the sultan abruptly after a pause . ‘ Why should not bears read as well as men , if they are capable of learning ? ’ ‘ Most true and most wisely said , ’ replied the Jew . ‘ If they were taught to read good books , it would probably mend their manners . But if that were all , why should there be so much mystery about it ? why should these people do it so secretly , and deny it so stoutly ? ’ and again he shook his head , and shuddered . But being fully persuaded that he had gained his point , he thought it safest to change the subject ; and accordingly he did so as soon as he had emphatically and earnestly entreated the sultan not to say a word of the secret he had been led to impart , or , at all events , not to let it be known that he had given any information on the subject . When the doctor was gone , the sultan fell into a reverie on the advantages and disadvantages of his bear learning to read . When he went to bed , the same train of thought kept him awake ; and after a sleepless night , he sent early in the morning for the patriarch . The venerable Mar Yusef lost no time in obeying the summons . Taking his patriarchal staff in his hand , and followed by his two deacons with their heads bare , and their hands crossed on their bosoms , he silently bent his way towards the palace , pondering in his mind on all the various things he could think of as possible causes for his being wanted by the sultan . The sultan dismissed all his attendants ; and as soon as he and the patriarch were alone , he beckoned him to approach , and when the aged ecclesiastic had come quite close , and again bowed , not only out of respect , but instinctively , as one does who expects a whisper , the sultan said in a low , earnest tone : ‘ You know my bear ? ’ ‘ I do , please your sublime highness , ’ replied Mar Yusef ; ‘ and a very fine bear he is . ’ ‘ I know that , ’ answered the sultan ; ‘ but the matter is this , ’ and he lowered his voice , and increased the earnestness of his tone : ‘ You must teach him to read . ’ ‘ To read ! ’ exclaimed the patriarch , thunderstruck . ‘ To read ! the thing is impossible . ’ ‘ Of course , I knew you would say that , ’ said the sultan ; ‘ you must do it , however , or it will be the worse for you and for all your people . ’ ‘ Most willingly would I do that , or anything lawful , to shew my respect for your sublime highness , ’ said the astonished patriarch ; ‘ but , as I have already had the honour to observe , the thing is impossible . ’ ‘ Do n't tell me , ’ said the sultan . ‘ I know more about the matter than you imagine . There is no use in trying to conceal it . I know upon undoubted authority , that you have taught bears , and many of them , I daresay , of less capacity than mine . I shall send him to you this evening , and if you do not bring him back in six weeks able to read , it will be as I have already told you — at your peril , and to the ruin of all that belong to you . So , now , do not waste time , for I am quite in earnest about it ; but go and make preparations to receive him , for he has been used to courteous treatment . ’ This speech was accompanied by a wave of the hand , which precluded all reply , and the troubled patriarch silently and slowly withdrew . ‘ My children , ’ said the patriarch on his way home , addressing the two young men who were supporting him , ‘ the sultan has resolved to destroy us , and all the Christians in his dominions . He is seeking occasion against us . He does not make open war upon us ; but he secretly commands us to do what is impossible , in order that he may have a pretext for our destruction . He requires that in six weeks we should teach his bear to read ! ’ ‘ The old brute ! ’ exclaimed the deacon Timothy . ‘ My father , ’ said the other deacon , Titus , ‘ suffer me to speak . ’ ‘ Speak , my son , ’ replied the aged man , in a voice scarcely articulate , while he gently withdrew his hand , and laid it on the deacon 's head ; ‘ what wouldst thou say ? ’ ‘ Under favour , most dear and reverend father , ’ replied Titus , ‘ I would say that , whatever the sultan 's design may be , you should not be discouraged ; and that if you will only do one thing , which I earnestly entreat you to do , I will cheerfully undertake all the rest , and I doubt not that we may get clear through this difficulty . ’ ‘ What would you have me do , my son ? ’ said the patriarch . ‘ Just this , ’ replied the deacon , ‘ if I may be permitted to advise : go back to the sultan as quickly as possible , and say that , on consideration , you are sorry that you hesitated — that you will be happy to receive his bear — that you will do your best , and hope to give him satisfaction in the matter . ’ ‘ What ! my son , ’ said the patriarch , ‘ would you have me go to the sultan , and undertake to teach his bear to read ? You do not know how difficult it is even to teach young children . ’ But the deacon pleaded so earnestly , that his superior at length consented ; and returning to the palace , the patriarch signified to the sultan , that he had thought better of the subject , and was willing to do anything in his power to give his sublime highness satisfaction . ‘ No doubt you can , if you will , ’ said the sultan hastily , but not in ill-humour ; ‘ and I expect you to do it — you might as well have agreed to it at once . ’ When the patriarch was at home , seated in his armchair , with his deacons standing on each side , and a little recovered from the fatigue of the walk , he turned to Titus , and said : ‘ Well , my son , and what am I to do now ? ’ ‘ Nothing , my father , ’ replied the deacon cheerfully . ‘ You have done all I asked you to do , and what remains I will readily undertake . ’ So he made his bow , and set off to make his arrangements . He chose a little square room up one pair of stairs in the north turret , and parted off about a third of it with strong horizontal bars , six inches apart . The two lowest bars were movable , and the spaces between them left open , to admit air and light , as well as to allow the inmate to go in and be brought out at the pleasure of his keepers ; but all above them were boarded over , except that one which was of such a height as would be about even with the bear 's head when he should stand on his hind legs . This space was left open along the whole length of the den , so that , in any part of it , he could very conveniently put forth his nose far enough to look about him . ‘ And now , ’ said Titus to his comrade Timothy , when he had completed these preparations , ‘ I must go to seek for a book and a desk ; and if they bring the bear before I come back , will you be so good as to see him put in , and also to mind that the other end of the chain , which I have padlocked to the staple in the wall , is fastened to his collar , and is long enough to allow of his lying down comfortably in the straw , and taking a little turn backwards and forwards , if he likes ? and do n't let them give him anything to eat , and take care not to be out of the way — that is a good fellow . ’ ‘ You may depend upon me , ’ said Timothy ; and Titus went off to the church , to see about a lectionary , for the bear to study , though , to say the truth , not entirely , or even principally , with that intention ; for he did not mean that his pupil should commence that day , or the next ; and he was in no doubt which to choose among many old lectionaries that had been laid aside . There was an immense one , with great brass knobs and corners , out of which he had himself learned to chant long before he could lift it , and indeed , now that he was come to man 's estate , it was as much as he could carry . This book he meant to use ; but for the present he contented himself with observing from the window the bear coming to school in procession ; and when he was satisfied that his pupil was in safe custody , he descended from the church-tower , and went to see after him . When he came to the door of the apartment , he waited a moment to listen to what seemed an interchange of anything but civilities between Timothy and his charge . Titus called out his colleague ; and , without going in himself , locked the door , and put the key in his pocket . ‘ Wo n't you go in and look at him ? ’ said Timothy , as they went down the staircase together . ‘ Time enough , ’ said Titus ; ‘ he will be better by himself just at present . Had you much trouble in getting him in ? How did he behave ? ’ ‘ Rather restive , ’ replied Timothy ; ‘ but we managed it among us . Should not he have something to eat ? ’ ‘ No , ’ said Titus ; ‘ he has got plenty of water ; he will do very well . But now come and help me down with the old lectionary from the upper vestry , for I do n't think I can get it down that staircase myself . ’ Between them the lectionary was safely brought down , and deposited , not in the apartment , which we may now call the school-room , but in the chamber of Titus , on a massy oak desk or lectern , which turned upon its pedestal , and which they brought out from the patriarch 's library for the purpose . It was well that the school-room was rather remote , and had thick walls ; for , missing his supper , the bear naturally became not only hungry , but savage , growled in the most ferocious manner , and rampaged about his cage like a fury . But he got nothing by it ; and when he had drunk up the water , and exhausted his powers of growling and raging , he went to sleep . In the morning , Titus brought him merely some fresh water and a cake of barley-bread ; but in the afternoon , thinking it was now time for his pupil — who was tolerably tame after his unwonted exercise and fasting — to begin his studies , he brought with him the great book he had prepared for his use , and placed it open on the desk , which now stood before the horizontal opening between the bars already described . All the morning had been employed in preparing the desk and the book ; and the former was now so contrived that , by means of a screw , the latter could be raised or lowered at pleasure . The book was no sooner placed before the opening , at the distance of a few inches , than the bear , which was on the look-out to see what was going forward , began to snuff and poke , and shewed a most eager desire to reach it . In fact , all along the lines of large letters , which were widely divided by the musical staves , the tutor , well knowing the taste of his pupil , had stuck little figs , dates , raisins , almonds , morsels of cake , comfits , and dried fruits ; in short , all such little sweet things as bears so particularly delight in . The book was placed at such a height and distance , that the pupil could only reach the top line ; and the eager manner in which he cleared it , gave promise that he would prove an apt scholar in that branch of learning . One page only was thus prepared for him ; for at that period of his education it would have been impossible , without harsher measures than his tutor wished to adopt , to prevent him from cross-readings , which would greatly have blemished his scholarship . Some minor offences , such , for instance , as inordinate efforts to begin upon a second line before he had regularly perused the first , were punished by switching him on the nose , turning the double desk round — in which case it presented him with a mirror , that frightened him dreadfully — or even , in case of perverseness , leaving him to himself , without giving him the substantial honey-cake , which always rewarded a well-said lesson . In a short time the parties began to understand one another , and as Titus had prudently taken care to be known to his pupil only as a benefactor , he soon gained his confidence . The bear who , like all his race , had an ardent love for such dainties , found that he was welcome to eat all he could get , if he did but do it in a decent methodical manner . He soon learned , therefore , to take each line as it came ; and , indeed , after a short time , his instructor not only ventured to cover the lines of the two open pages at the same time , but by enlarging the opening in front of his cell , he put it in his pupil 's power to go on from one line to another without the book being raised ; and after the tutor had for a week or two turned the leaf when necessary , the pupil began to shew that , if it was not done for him , he could do it for himself . As the time drew on , the patriarch was most anxious to know , but did not venture to ask , how matters were going on . At length he summoned courage , and put the question , somewhat indirectly , to Titus ; and although he received no particulars , yet he could not help feeling comforted by the cheerful manner in which his affectionate deacon assured him that everything was going on rightly , and that he need have no fear for the result . In the meantime , the sultan , though less anxious , was intensely curious to see what would come of the matter , and frequently entered into conversation on the subject with his physician , who was , on somewhat different grounds , still more curious than himself . His sublime highness , however , who could not expect from a Jew much information respecting the secrets and mysteries of the Christians , rather confined the discourse between them to the physiological part of the subject , expressing his wonder — first , that bears should be able to learn to read ; and , secondly , that such a capacity was not more frequently cultivated , asking him , withal , whether he had ever himself heard a bear read ? The doctor , in parliamentary fashion , blinked the question ; observing that as it was done by secret practices , and no doubt for wicked purposes , it was best to say as little as possible about it . His sublime highness was not altogether satisfied , but comforted himself with thinking that time would soon throw light on the matter . At length the day arrived when the bear 's proficiency was to be put to the test . The sultan was seated on a divan in his hall of audience ; his ministers and officers of state stood on either side ; and behind him knelt his Jewish physician , who assumed that position , because , although he would not have failed , even at the hazard of his life , to be present , yet he had no strict right to be there ; and , moreover , he did not particularly wish to be seen in the business . All were in breathless expectation when the Christian procession entered . The patriarch walked first , with his crosier in his hand ; next came Titus , the tutor , bowed down under the huge lectionary , which he bore upon his back , secured by leathern straps over his shoulders ; then followed Timothy , leading by a chain the carefully-muzzled pupil . This precaution was quite necessary ; for , having been kept fasting four-and-twenty hours , the animal was in no good-humour , and would not have been so quietly brought in , if it had not been closely following the favourite book . But , in fact , the only trouble which Timothy had , was to prevent his eager charge from leaping at the volume while it was yet on his tutor 's back . The procession was closed by a porter , bearing the desk , who , under the direction of Titus , placed it before the sultan , at such a distance as would conveniently enable the reader to stand between it and his sublime highness , who might thus see the book over his favourite 's shoulder . Titus himself , thus relieved of his burden by its transfer to the desk , went round into the reader 's place , and opened the ample leaves of the lectionary ; while , to the great amusement of the sultan , Timothy was exerting his energies to the utmost to keep back the eager pupil . ‘ He seems fond of his book , however , ’ said the sultan ; ‘ that looks well . ’ And all the circle bowed assent . At length , having arranged the volume to his satisfaction , Titus received his pupil from the hands of his colleague . The bear stood up manfully to his task ; but it need scarcely be said , he was sadly disappointed when he found that , unlike itself , the beloved book contained no sweets ; not a morsel , though the often-travelled , much-licked , and still-besmeared lines retained the well-known scent and savour . He ran his nose over one line after another , all down the first page , then down the second , and then somewhat impatiently turned the leaf . ‘ Well , ’ cried the sultan , ‘ he certainly seems to take a great interest in it himself ; and he may understand it perfectly , for aught I know ; but I wish he would read aloud . I should like to hear him . Will you be so good as to tell him so ? ’ he added , addressing the patriarch . The venerable Mar Yusef was puzzled , and , as people often do when they are puzzled , he made a bow , but could think of nothing to say . Titus , however , promptly dropped on his knees between the bear and the sultan ; and addressing the latter , he said : ‘ Your sublime highness will hear him presently ; be pleased to give him a little time . Let him not be harshly judged , if he is a little timid and shy . This is his first attempt in public . ’ As he said this , the deacon saw the twinkle of the Jew 's eye over the sultan 's shoulder . It was only for a moment , and nobody but Titus himself knew that he had seen it at all , so intently did he seem to be occupied in comforting and encouraging — perhaps we should say exciting , his pupil . The bear , however , being disappointed line after line , and page after page , and only stimulated and irritated by the scent and the slight taste which he could get by thrusting the tip of his tongue through his muzzle , began to growl most awfully , as he still went on mechanically , line after line , and turned the leaves with increased rapidity and vehemence . This continued for some time , until the pupil was evidently getting into a passion , and the tutor was growing rather nervous , when the sultan shewed a disposition to speak , which Titus most thankfully interpreted as an intimation that the experiment had been carried far enough . He instantly quieted his pupil , not so much by the order which he gave , as by shewing him a honey-cake , which nobody else saw , handed the chain to Timothy , and prepared to listen . ‘ As I observed before , ’ said the sultan , ‘ he certainly does seem to take a vast interest in it himself ; and I daresay he understands it : but as to his elocution , I must say that it seems to me somewhat inarticulate . ’ The patriarch was puzzled again , and again he bowed , lower than before . The Jew chuckled , and whispered something in the sultan 's ear . But Titus was not disconcerted . Falling again on his knees , he exclaimed : ‘ Pardon me , your sublime highness , we consider him a remarkably good reader , an animal of excellent parts , and a pupil who does us great credit . It is true , as your sublime highness 's discrimination has observed , that his enunciation , even to those who know the language , may have some appearance of indistinctness , because he is defective in the vowel-points ; but we cannot help it , for all our books are unpointed . In this , which , indeed , we consider a matter of little importance , we do not pretend to compete with the Jews , who teach theirs from pointed books . If your sublime highness ever heard a bear read more articulately than this one , it must have been one of theirs ; and if you would have your own perfected in that particular , you must put it into their hands . ’ The sultan stared at the deacon ; and the Jew eyed him over the sultan 's shoulder with fierce alarm . But the hands of Titus were folded on his breast , and his head was bowed down on his hands . ‘ Well , ’ said the sultan to the patriarch , after a pause , during which it was obvious that some things were passing through his mind , of which he said nothing , ‘ I thank you for the pains you have taken ; and although I cannot say that I quite understand the matter now , yet if I had known six weeks ago as much as I do at present , I would not have troubled you . If you are ever in want of any help or protection , remember , as I shall , that you have obliged me . ’ The patriarch bowed . The sultan rose and retired , resolved that his first business should be to come to a full explanation with his doctor ; and accordingly , a summons for the Israelite was instantly issued . Very long it seemed to the sultan — although , in fact , it was only half an hour — before the vizier came to report , that the doctor was nowhere to be found . ‘ Well , ’ said the sultan , ‘ I do not much wonder at that . I always thought him a wise man , and he is certainly no fool to get out of the way now . But , at the same time , let strict search be made ; and also bring me the chief rabbi . ’ In the confusion occasioned by the breaking up of the company , the tutor and his pupil — the latter of whom had naturally dropped into the less ostentatious posture of a quadruped — were forgotten , or at least overlooked , by the crowd of courtiers , who rushed to congratulate Mar Yusef , or laid their heads together , to whisper their surprise or their suspicions . Titus , therefore , having briefly given directions to Timothy to take care that the book was removed , and to see the patriarch home , and make an excuse for his staying behind , slipped with his amiable charge through a side-door into the garden , where he seated himself on a bench , while his companion stood opposite to him on his hind legs , looking wistfully , he almost thought reproachfully , in his face . In truth , Titus was conscious that he had tried the temper of his pupil , and was afraid to let him loose before company , or , indeed , to let him go into company at all , until he should have brought him into good-humour . He had provided himself with ample means of doing this ; and having produced more than one honey-cake , and several other good things , and laid them on the bench beside him , he did not hesitate to unmuzzle his friend , and a merry meal they made together . If the master was rendered happy by the issue of an experiment which had been matter of such great and long anxiety , the pupil was also raised to a state of the highest possible good-humour , by being at once relieved from restraint and hunger . He looked cheerily about him ; seemed as if for the first time he recognised his old haunts ; gamboled through the now deserted hall and passages ; and , before he had been missed by anybody , found his way , by a short cut , to his own rug in the sultan 's apartment . For a moment , indeed , while occupied in anticipating the explanation which he had resolved to extort from his doctor , the sultan , like his courtiers , had forgotten his favourite ; but now the meeting was most cordial on both sides . The sultan seemed determined to make up for his neglect ; and the favourite to shew , that neither scholarship , nor the discipline requisite for obtaining it , had diminished his social affections or companionable qualities . At length the rabbi arrived . He had , indeed , been a little longer than was necessary on the way , because he had found some means of persuading the messenger to let him call on two or three friends as he came along . He did not lose much time by this , however ; his only object being to ask them , to what extent they could help him in case the loan should be very large . Satisfied on this point , and preoccupied by the thoughts which had suggested the inquiry , he stood before the sultan . Great , therefore , was his surprise , when his sublime highness , instead of saying a word about money-matters , briefly , but clearly , explained to him the nature of the business in which his service was required . ‘ Your sublime highness is pleased to jest with your servant , ’ said the rabbi , as soon as he could command breath enough to utter the words . ‘ Not at all , ’ replied the sultan ; ‘ you will find me quite in earnest , I assure you . He reads , and , I am told , reads as well as can be expected without the points ; now you must teach him to read with them . ’ The rabbi was utterly confounded . He could only bow down his head , wondering what the sultan could mean , and what he would say next , and whether it would throw any light on what he had said already . So his sublime highness continued , with some asperity : ‘ Do not think to deceive me . I know all about the matter . You can do it , and you had better not hesitate ; for I am in no humour to be trifled with . I gave the Christians six weeks , and I 'll give you the same . Do n't answer , but go , and he shall be sent to you . ’ The unhappy rabbi returned home in a state of bewilderment . He sent for some of his friends to consult with , most of whom were as much surprised as he had been , when they learned the nature of the business which had produced the summons . Only one of them , who happened to be a friend of the missing doctor , seemed to know anything about the matter ; and he could not throw much light upon it . He could only tell them , for their comfort , that it was a very serious affair , and they must mind what they were about . It would be only tiresome , if it were possible , to particularise all the suggestions and discussions which ensued . They were still going on when the bear arrived , and was duly installed in an apartment which had been prepared for him , as well as it could be on such short notice ; for all agreed , that he must be treated with great care and attention , not only in order to propitiate him , but because it might be dangerous to let him return in worse condition than he came . So neither trouble nor cost was spared to make him comfortable ; and very comfortable he was : supplied with every luxury , crammed with dainties , and petted in every conceivable way . But whatever progress he might make in the study of mankind , and in other branches of useful knowledge , it was plain that he was making none in that particular branch of learning for which he had been sent to school . His instructors did not know how to deal with him . He was on easy terms with all about him , would play with anybody , and quarrelled with nobody ; but learn he would not . When they held a book before him , he thrust his nose into the cream-bowl ; when they spoke of Pathach and Segol , he shut one eye , and munched figs ; and when , ‘ as a bird each fond endearment tries , ’ they set up a stave which might have made the very learned the Masorites to dance for joy , in the hope that instinctively , or by mere love of imitation , he might be led to join in the chorus , he only threw himself on his back , and fairly roared them down . Sensible of all this , and of its probable consequences , the instructors had not been idle in another direction . They had used their utmost endeavours to learn how the pupil had been dealt with by his former tutor . But all their inquiries were fruitless . Titus had kept his secret so effectually , that even Timothy knew little , if anything , more than other people ; or , in other words , more than had been transacted before the sultan and his court . But in collecting all such information as could be gleaned , they were indefatigable , and were scrupulously careful to imitate everything which had been done , not knowing what hidden virtue there might be in things apparently trivial . They provided a great book and a desk ; and did , and were prepared to do , all that , so far as they could learn , had been done before . And so matters went on , until the time came for them to produce their pupil . The sultan was led , by various considerations , to think that it would be better to have the examination rather more private than the former one had been ; and , accordingly , at the time appointed , the rabbi and his companions were brought into his private apartment . They had no hope that the book and desk — which , however , they had taken care to provide — would be wanted by their pupil ; and indeed for some time past their thoughts had been turned from any attempts at instruction , and employed in framing an apology , in doing which they flattered themselves that they had succeeded tolerably well . The pupil , who had grown corpulent under his late course of treatment , did not at first raise his lazy , half-shut eyes high enough from the ground to see the desk and open book , which were clever imitations , if not quite facsimiles of forms deeply impressed on his memory , and calculated to produce very stimulating recollections . As soon as they caught his eye , he seemed to be seized with sudden passion , dashed at the book , and overthrew the whole concern . Fiercely did he thrust his nose and paws between the leaves , and turn them , and tear them , and trample them . At length , exhausted by his exertions — to say nothing of his having previously had more exercise than usual — he waddled away to his well-known rug , absolutely declined all invitations either to work or play , and lay there watching the company through his half-shut eyes , in a state of stupid repose , which those who had just watched his effervescence did not care to interrupt . ‘ Well , ’ said the sultan to the rabbi and his friends , ‘ you are a strange set of people . When I put my bear into your hands , he read fluently , and con amore ; and all you had to do , was to perfect his articulation . Instead of that , you bring him back fat , stupid , and savage , and so far from reading better , unable to read at all . It would serve you right , if I were to hang the whole set of you , and confiscate all your goods ; but I am a merciful man , and will be content with banishment . ’ So an order was immediately issued for banishing the Jews from the dominions of the sultan ; and they all made off as fast as they could , not knowing that their own countryman had been at the bottom of all , or having any idea of the explanation which is here laid before the reader . FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] This is in substance a tradition still current among those Eastern Christians who are ‘ dwellers in Mesopotamia . ’ THE ZODIACAL LIGHT . There is a certain degree of satisfaction to the inquiring mind in knowing that , even in these days of aptness for discovering and explaining everything , there yet remains something to be found out ; something to excite speculation and recompense research . Such a subject is the zodiacal light , which , for nearly two centuries past , has at different times occupied the attention of astronomers and other observers of celestial phenomena , though it is only of late years that the theories concerning it have acquired anything like a precise character . Many ingenious hypotheses have been thrown out , which may perhaps be accepted as steps towards a true explanation ; and while waiting the result of further inquiry , we shall endeavour to make our readers acquainted with the interesting phenomenon . The zodiacal light is a peculiar brightness , pyramidal or wedge-like in form , seen at certain periods of the year in the eastern or western sky , before sunrise and after sunset . Its direction is in the line of the zodiac , whence its name — not perpendicular to the horizon , but at a varying angle , being in the spring from 60 to 70 degrees . The base of the wedge , which has a breadth generally of from 10 to 12 degrees , is below , and the sides rise in a line , curving outwards , to the apex , but so vague and diffuse as to be frequently indefinable . In our latitudes , it is best seen at or just after the equinoxes ; before sunrise in autumn , and after sunset in spring ; and becomes invisible as twilight increases , or if the moon shines ; the light even of Venus and Jupiter is sufficient to render its discovery difficult . It is brightest at the base , and grows fainter the further it stretches from the horizon , vanishing entirely at the point . Unpractised observers would be apt to overlook it altogether , and those accustomed to watch the heavens are at times obliged to fix one eye on a dark space of sky , while they search for the light with the other , and discover it only by the contrast . A stratum of black cloud resting on the horizon often affords a means of detection , as the light can then be seen shooting from it with comparative distinctness . The soft , clear atmosphere which usually precedes or follows rain , is very favourable to a view of the light . The luminous wedge varies in length with the progress of the seasons : sometimes but little more than its point is visible ; at others , it is seen extending over a space of 120 degrees . Astronomically speaking , the axis of the zodiacal light is said to lie in the plane of the solar equator , with an angle of more than 7 degrees to the ecliptic , which it consequently intersects , the points of intersection becoming its nodes , and these nodes are the parts through which the earth passes in March and September . The light travels forward along the zodiacal signs from Gemini to Cancer and Leo from August to November , keeping pace with the sun . It grows dim towards the end of November , and fades more and more until January ; but while this decrease has been going on in the east , and in the morning , the light has presented itself with increasing brightness in the west , and in the evening , and pursues its course until the end of February at about the same rate of motion . In March , it is slow , and travels through not more than one sign , and fades in April , and is lost in May , to reappear again at the end of summer , and perform the same route . Lengthened twilight is not favourable to the appearance of the zodiacal light ; it can , therefore , be observed successfully in the temperate latitudes only by patient and long-continued watching . But in tropical regions , the deep azure of the sky , and the brief twilight , give it a distinctness and luminosity never witnessed elsewhere . In Egypt , we are told it is clearly ‘ visible every night , except when the light of the moon is too great , from January to June ; ’ and in India its appearance is described as that of ‘ a pyramid of faint aurora-borealis like light ’ usually preceding the dawn . Humboldt tells us , that he has seen it shine with greater brightness than the Milky Way , from different parts of the coast of South America , and from places on the Andes more than 13 , 000 feet above the sea-level . ‘ Those who have dwelt long , ’ he writes , ‘ in the zone of palms , must retain a pleasing remembrance of the mild radiance of this phenomenon , which , rising pyramidally , illumines a portion of the unvarying length of the tropical nights . ’ And once , during a voyage from Lima to Mexico , he saw it in greater magnificence than ever before . ‘ Long narrow clouds , scattered over the lovely azure of the sky , appeared low down in the horizon , as if in front of a golden curtain , while bright varied tints played from time to time on the higher clouds : it seemed a second sunset . Towards that side of the heavens , the light diffused appeared almost to equal that of the moon in her first quarter . ’ The zodiacal light can hardly fail of having been observed by astronomers in the past ages of the world ; but the earliest known mention of it occurs in the Britannia Baconica , published by Childrey in 1661 . The writer says : ‘ There is another thing which I recommend to the observation of mathematical men — which is , that in February , and for a little before and a little after that month — as I have observed for several years together — about six in the evening , when the twilight hath almost deserted the horizon , you shall see a plainly discernible way of the twilight , striking up towards the Pleiads , and seeming almost to touch them . It is so observed any clear night , but it is best ill æ nocte . There is no such way to be observed at any other time of the year . But what the cause of it in nature should be , I cannot yet imagine , but leave it to further inquiry . ’ The further inquiry followed soon afterwards , for Cassini , the eminent French astronomer , having carefully observed the phenomenon from 1683 to 1688 , communicated the results to the Acad é mie des Sciences . Some of his views and determinations were well founded ; and from them we gather that the zodiacal light was nearly or quite the same in his day as at present . Others also devoted considerable attention to it , and noticed the variations in brightness in different years , which subsequent observations have verified . Since then , it has been made more or less a subject of investigation by modern astronomers , and has been observed in many parts of the world ; the first observations in the southern hemisphere being those made by Professor Smyth at the Cape of Good Hope , from 1843 to 1845 . In that latitude , the zodiacal light is best seen in spring evenings , at an angle of 30 degrees , visible long after sunset ; its opposite peak is discernible at daybreak , but has scarcely come into view before the rising sun overpowers it . In autumn , the reverse takes place ; the best appearance is in the morning . To understand what is meant by the ‘ opposite peak , ’ we are to regard the zodiacal light , of which we see only one end in our latitudes , as a body extending all round the sun in the same form , presenting at a distance the appearance of one of those flat elongated oval nebul æ seen in the heavens . Its direction is at right angles to that of the sun 's rotation , a straight line drawn from either pole of the great luminary divides it in the centre . From its outline resembling that of a lens in section , it is frequently described as a ‘ cosmical body of lenticular form . ’ From this account of what the zodiacal light appears to be , we proceed to consider what it is . Some inquirers — arguing from the ‘ nebular theory , ’ which assumes the formation of the several planets , one after another , from nebulous matter — have supposed the zodiacal light to be a remnant of that matter yet unconcentrated . In this view , it may be a nebula , brightest in the centre , as is the case with most , and fainter towards the margin . According to Humboldt , ‘ we may with great probability attribute the zodiacal light to the existence of an extremely oblate ring of nebulous matter , revolving freely in space between the orbits of Venus and Mars . ’ On several occasions he witnessed its fluctuations , night after night , from the plains of South America , shewing itself at times greatly collapsed or condensed , with intermittences of vividness and faintness , in the course of a few minutes , as is observed of the aurora . The light of the stars , of even the fifth or sixth magnitudes , can be seen through it : the same has been remarked of comets ; and it is known also that the tails of comets undergo frequent flashings or pulsations , so that the two phenomena may be analogous in character . It is necessary , however , to distinguish the fluctuations from such effects as may be produced by movements in the lower strata of the atmosphere . Mairan , who wrote in 1731 , was of opinion that the zodiacal light consisted of particles thrown off from the sun by its rapid rotation , or a species of atmosphere peculiar to the central orb . Others have supposed the luminosity to be composed of ‘ revolving planetary particles , ’ shining by a direct or reflected light . But , according to Professor Olmsted , of Yale College , Massachusetts , it is something which has a motion of its own around the sun , notwithstanding that the general steadiness of its movements had warranted the notion that it was in some way attached to the body of the sun itself . Olmsted 's conclusions are drawn from a diligent observation of the light during a period of six years , and are on this account , as well as from his scientific reputation , entitled to respect . He states the light to be , in constitution , colour , and density , similar to that of the tail of a comet , the portion nearest the sun being brightest , and both admitting of stars being seen through them . We may , therefore , infer it to be a nebulous ring surrounding the sun , in the same way that the magnificent rings of Saturn surround that planet . Of such nebul æ as this there are from 2000 to 3000 visible in the regions of space , compared with which the dimension of ours is insignificant : at the same distance , and sought for with the same instruments , it would be invisible . In one point , Professor Olmsted 's views are particularly interesting , as , out of one mysterious phenomenon , he endeavours to explain another , and inquires : ‘ Whether or not the zodiacal light is the origin of the meteoric showers of November and August , and especially those of November ? ’ Many readers know that for some years past great numbers of falling-stars , or showers of meteors , have been observed periodically in November : the fall seen in the United States in 1834 — when , as is estimated , more than 240 , 000 stars fell as thick as snow-flakes , in the space of nine hours — being the most remarkable hitherto known . The explanation is , that the zodiacal light is a nebulous body revolving round the sun , and arrives at its aphelion on the 13th November in that part of the earth 's orbit which the earth then reaches , and , coming into contact with our atmosphere , portions of the nebulous matter are detached , and , taking fire as they pass through , appear to us as shooting-stars . This explanation of the phenomenon in question is one not hastily conceived ; the reasoning on which it is founded is altogether satisfactory , as well with regard to the movement of the nebulous matter , as to that of the earth . Professor Olmsted , in a communication addressed to the ‘ American Association for the Advancement of Science , ’ sums up his views as follows : ‘ 1 . The zodiacal light , as we have found , in our inquiry into its nature and constitution , is a nebulous body . ‘ 2 . It has a revolution round the sun . ‘ 3 . It reaches beyond and lies over the earth 's orbit at the time of the November meteors , and makes but a small angle with the ecliptic . ‘ 4 . Like the nebulous body , its periodic time is commensurable with that of the earth , so as to perform a certain whole number of revolutions while the earth performs one , and thus to complete the cycle in one year , at the end of which the zodiacal light and the earth return to the same relative position in space . This necessarily follows from the fact , that at the same season of the year it occupies the same position one year with another , and the same now as when Cassini made his observations nearly 170 years ago . ‘ 5 . In the meteoric showers of November , the meteors are actually seen to come from the extreme portions of the zodiacal light , or rather a little beyond the visible portions . ’ There is much that is suggestive in this summary , and , as we said at the commencement , the subject is one of a nature to stimulate inquiry and research , and to lead to further explanations of cosmical phenomena . M. Mathieson 's observations , published in the Comptes Rendus of the Acad é mie des Sciences for 1843 , shew , that when tested with the thermo-multiplier , the zodiacal light was found to radiate heat as well as light — a fact which , if further verified , will support the evidence in favour of an independent luminous ring . WHO WROTE SHAKSPEARE ? Thus asks Mrs Kitty in High Life Below Stairs , to which his Grace my Lord Duke gravely replies : ‘ Ben Jonson . ’ ‘ O no , ’ quoth my Lady Bab : ‘ Shakspeare was written by one Mr Finis , for I saw his name at the end of the book ! ’ and this passes off as an excellent joke , and never fails to elicit the applause of the audience ; but still the question remains unanswered : Who wrote Shakspeare ? a question , we humbly think , which might be made the theme for as much critical sagacity , pertinacity , and pugnacity , as the almost equally interesting question , who wrote Homer ? In the former case , the question is certainly in one respect more simple , for the recognised plays and poems that go by Shakspeare 's name are — at least by far the larger portion — unquestionably from one and the same pen ; while Homer , poor , dear , awful , august , much-abused shade ! has been torn by a pack of German wolves into fragments , which it puzzles the lore and research of Grote and Muir to patch together again . Even Mr Grote seems disposed to admit , that while the Odyssey may pass muster as one continuous poem , whatever was the name of the author , the greater Iliad must be broken up at least into an Iliad and an Achilleid , by different rhapsodists ; and though Colonel Muir stands stoutly on the other side , the restoration of the unity of Homer may , even with us sober-minded thinkers , take ten times the years it took to capture Troy ; while with the German Mystics and Mythists , the controversy may last till they have to open their bewildered and bewildering eyes upon the realities of another world . So far , therefore , the question is limited , for we are entitled to assume , what no one at this time of day dreams of disputing , that Hamlet and his fellows are not only the productions of one mind , but are beyond comparison the greatest productions which man 's intellect , not divinely inspired , has yet achieved . The question therefore is — who wrote them ? With the exception of Homer , who lived before the time of written history , and Junius , who purposely and successfully shrouded himself in obscurity , there has , perhaps , been no great writer who has not in his life , his letters , or his sayings , more or less identified himself with the productions of his pen . Take Walter Scott , for instance ; or Byron , or Addison , or Dryden ; or , to go still earlier , take Ben Jonson , or Kit Marlowe , or Geoffrey Chaucer , and each and all of them have external marks by which we could assign the authorship , even if the production had been published anonymously . Try Shakspeare 's plays by the same test , and suppose Hamlet , Macbeth , & c ., had been successively published after the fashion of Junius , and what critic of any age would ever have ascribed them to William Shakspeare ? This may appear uncandid and unfair . It may be said , that Shakspeare lived in a time when letter-writing and letter-preserving were comparatively infrequent , and that we have no right to deprive him of his authorship , any more than we should have had to deprive Dr Johnson of Rasselas , if he had not had the good-fortune of a Boswell to record his sayings . So we humbly think it would , had Shakspeare , like Homer , been wholly unknown , and every record of him lost ; we should then , as in the case of Homer , have judged exclusively from the internal evidence of the works themselves , and formed a brilliant ideal picture of what the astonishing author must have been in his daily walk , correspondence , and conversation . But , unfortunately , enthusiasm worked up to its pitch , sweeping the clouds for a bird'shYpppHeNeye view of the high pinnacle of human greatness commensurate with the ‘ local habitation and the name ’ of such a genius , is at once ‘ cabined , cribbed , confined , ’ by the authentic recorded whatabouts , whenabouts , and whereabouts of William Shakspeare , actor , owner , purchaser , and chattels and messuage devisor whilom of the Globe Theatre , Surrey-side ; item of the Blackfriars , Fleet Street ; and ultimately of Stratford-on-Avon , ‘ gent , ’ husband of Anne Hathaway , to whom he devises his second-best bed . On the one hand , research has traced his life from the cradle to the grave , and by means of tradition , legal documents , records , and inscriptions , formed a very accurate skeleton biography ; while , on the other hand , with the single exception of Ben Jonson , to be noticed hereafter , records and even tradition are silent upon his walk and conversation ; and though his signature has been several times disinterred , his whole correspondence , if he ever wrote a letter , has sunk like lead beneath the dark waters of oblivion ; indeed , even the single signature as yet discovered unconnected with business documents — namely , the ‘ Willme Shakspere ’ on the volume of Montaigne — is not preceded by any remark whatever , by any sentence that might give a faint echo of Hamlet . Now this , to say the least , is singular to the very last degree . The unsurpassed brilliancy of the writer throws not one single spark to make noticeable the quiet uniform mediocrity of the man . Is it more difficult to suppose that Shakspeare was not the author of the poetry ascribed to him , than to account for the fact , that there is nothing in the recorded or traditionary life of Shakspeare which in any way connects the poet with the man ? It will not do to use the common hackneyed expression , that Shakspeare had a ‘ genius so essentially dramatic , that all other writers the world has seen have never approached him in his power of going out of himself . ’ Even the inspired writers of Scripture have their style and their expressions modified , and adapted to the peculiar idiosyncrasy and accidental position of the respective men ; and taking human nature as we find it , we think it much easier to suppose that Shakspeare never once appears personally in his dramas , because his interest in them was not personal , but pecuniary . William Shakspeare , the man , was comparatively well known . He was born in Stratford-on-Avon , of respectable parentage ; he married Anne Hathaway ; had children ; apparently became unsettled ; went to London to push his fortune ; made a deal of money by theatrical speculations , and by the profits of certain plays , of which he was reputed to be the author ; then retired quietly to the country , and was heard of no more , excepting that a few years afterwards old Aubrey states that ‘ Shakspeare , Drayton , and Ben Jonson had a merry-meeting , and , it seems , drank too hard , for Shakspeare died of a fever there contracted . ’ Brandish not thy dagger , Melpomene , at this profanation ! The scandal is not ours , but Aubrey 's , Shakspeare 's earliest biographer , but who did not write till forty-six years after his death . His name and signature are connected with the buying and selling of land and theatrical shares , and such-like commonplace transactions ; and his last will and testament , with which everybody is familiar , is as plain and prosaic as if it had been the production of a pig-headed prerogative lawyer . Now , in all this we see a sensible , sagacious , cautious , persevering man , who certainly was free from the rashness and ( excepting the closing scene , if old Aubrey is to be believed ) rakish extravagance too often characteristic of genius at any time , and perhaps particularly so of Shakspeare 's time . It is apparent that Shakspeare , at least from the time the plays commenced , never had to shift for his living : he had always money to lend and money to spend ; and we know also , that many of his contemporaries , men with genius akin to that which produced these plays , were in continued and utter extremity , willing to barter exertion , name , and fame , for the daily dole that gets the daily dinner . May not William Shakspeare — the cautious , calculating man , careless of fame , and intent only on money-making — have found , in some furthest garret overlooking the ‘ silent highway ’ of the Thames , some pale , wasted student , with a brow as ample and lofty as his own , who had written the Wars of the Roses , and who , with eyes of genius gleaming through despair , was about , like Chatterton , to spend his last copper coin upon some cheap and speedy means of death ? What was to hinder William Shakspeare from reading , appreciating , and purchasing these dramas , and thereafter keeping his poet , as Mrs Packwood did ? The mere circumstance of his assuming them as his own , may have seemed to be justified by his position as manager , and his regard to the interests of the theatre ; as a play by a well-known and respected favourite would be more likely to escape hissing than one by an unknown adventurer ; and the practice once commenced must go on ; for we cannot suppose that Shakspeare could afford to deny the authorship of Macbeth , if he had previously consented to father Henry VI ., The Two Gentlemen of Verona , and the Midsummer Night 's Dream . This assumption , we are sorry to say , smooths away many of the difficulties that have hitherto baffled the critics . How could Shakspeare , say they , have been able to write at all , while obviously and laboriously employed in the active business of his profession ? Where did he acquire that all-comprehensive knowledge of nature , men , and books ? How could he paint with such exact fidelity the peculiar scenery pertaining exclusively to the subject in question , when he can be proved never to have left London ? What time had he to tread the ‘ blasted heath , ’ or describe the aspect of Glammis Castle ? How could he accomplish all this ? Why , simply , and naturally , and easily — by affording his poet all the requisite leisure , and defraying the expenses of all the requisite tours . And with this view , though it cannot be proved , and is very unlikely , that Shakspeare ever was in Scotland , yet it is most likely that the author of Macbeth was ; and thus the intelligence , but not the genius , of these wonderful works ceases to be supernatural . Again , not one single manuscript of Shakspeare 's plays or poems has ever been discovered ; and certainly the search has been as rigorous and continuous as that for the Philosopher 's Stone ; while even Scott , when owning to the Novels , found it necessary to say that almost all the manuscripts were holograph ; nor , if we do not very much mistake , is there among all the records and traditions which have been handed to us , any statement of Shakspeare having been seen writing , or having delivered his manuscript . Of course , the obvious answer to all this is , that such a transaction , carried on through so many years , and having reference to works which even in that age excited considerable admiration and attention , could not be concealed . We may reply to this , that Shakspeare , who apparently was liked by every one , did not conceal it from his friends , and that they supported him in this pardonable assumption — the members of the theatre for their own sakes , and his other friends for his . Take , besides , the custom of the age , the helter-skelter way in which dramas were got up , sometimes by half-a-dozen authors at once , of whom one occasionally monopolised the fame ; and the unscrupulous manner in which booksellers appropriated any popular name of the day , and affixed it to their publications ; and who so popular with all playgoers of the period as the gentle , well-living Shakspeare ? And his name would better suit his friends and the then public , than any mere recluse , unknown poet , until his name , like other myths , acquired sanctity by age . Indeed , we fear it is not necessary to go back to Shakspeare 's time to find the practice of assumed authorship of purchased plays , without either the reasons or the excuses which apply to Shakspeare . Unfortunately , however , for those who claim Shakspeare for Shakspeare , the secret was not wholly kept . Robert Greene , a well-known contemporary , a writer of reputation , but one who led the skeldering life peculiar to most of his class , addressed , on his death-bed , in 1592 , a warning to his co-mates not to trust to the puppets ‘ that speak from our mouths . ’ He then goes on in these remarkable words , which we believe every critic thinks were intended for Shakspeare : ‘ Yes , trust them not ; for there is an upstart crow beautified with our feathers , that , with his tiger 's heart wrapt in a player 's hide , supposes he is as well able to bombast out a blank verse as the best of you ; and , being an absolute Johannes Factotum , is in his own conceit the only Shake-scene in a country . ’ Again : with this view , the disputed passages — those in which critics have agreed that the genius is found wanting — the meretricious ornaments sometimes crowded in — the occasional bad taste displayed — in short , all the imperfections discernible and disputable in these mighty dramas , are reconcilable with their being the interpolations of Shakspeare himself on his poet 's works . The dedication of the Venus and the Lucrece to Lord Southampton is , we confess , somewhat against us , for we cannot but think these poems came from the pen that wrote Romeo ; but , after all , Southampton was so generous a patron , that Shakspeare might be excused in assuming the authorship , in order to make the books ( as his poems ) a better return for the thousand pounds bestowed . But if Southampton really knew him to be the author of the dramas , how comes it that Raleigh , Spenser , and even Bacon — all with genius so thoroughly kindred to the author of Hamlet — have all ignored his acquaintance ? Raleigh and Bacon seem not to have known of his existence ; while Spenser , if he alludes to the works , takes care to avoid the name . In short , Heywood , Suckling , Hales , and all the others who are recorded to have spoken of Shakspeare ‘ with great admiration , ’ confine themselves to the works , and seem personally to avoid the man — always excepting ‘ Rare Ben Jonson ; ’ and we confess , if Ben is to be entirely believed , Shakspeare wrote Shakspeare . But Ben , if unsupported , is somewhat disqualified from being what the Scotch would call a ‘ famous witness ’ — he was under the deepest pecuniary obligations to Shakspeare , and was through life , despite the nonsensical tradition of their quarrel , his hearty friend and boon-companion , with ‘ blind affection , ’ as he phrases it , as seen above , literally ‘ unto death , ’ and therefore bound by the strongest ties to keep his secret , if secret there were . Besides , Ben can be convicted of at least one unqualified fib on the subject . Hear how he describes Droeshout 's print of Shakspeare , prefixed to the first folio edition of 1623 : This figure that thou here see'st put , It was for gentle Shakspeare cut , Wherein the graver had a strife With nature to outdo the life . Oh ! could he have but drawn his wit As well in brass , as he hath hit His face , & c . Hear now Nathan Drake : ‘ The wretched engraving thus undeservedly eulogised ; ’ and Mr Steevens calls it ‘ Shakspeare 's countenance deformed by Droeshout ’ — like the sign of Sir Roger turned into the Saracen 's Head . We might , did space allow , also allude to the celebrated ‘ wit-combats at the Mermaid , ’ where Shakspeare 's wit , when recorded , becomes truly un-Shakspearian . Let one example suffice , stated by Capell . ‘ Ben ’ and ‘ Bill ’ propose a joint epitaph . Ben begins : ‘ Here lies Ben Jonson , Who was once one — ’ Shakspeare concludes : ‘ That , while he lived , was a slow thing ; And now , being dead , is a no-thing . ’ We doubt if Benedict would have gained Beatrice had he wooed her in this style , and yet its tiny sparkle seems a beam of light contrasted with the dull darkness of the rest . In fine , we maintain we have no more direct evidence to shew that Shakspeare wrote Hamlet 's soliloquy , than we have that he wrote the epitaph on John a Coombe , the ballad on Sir Thomas Lucy , or the epitaph to spare his ‘ bones ’ on his own tombstone — all of which the commentators are now determined to repudiate . Assuming , then , that we have proved , to our own extreme dissatisfaction , the probability that Shakspeare kept a poet , we are bound to say that the intercourse between them must have been one of almost unexampled cordiality and kindness ; for seldom can we discover anything like hostility in the poet to his employer ; but there must have been two little miffs — one of which occurred during the writing of the Midsummer Night 's Dream , and the other before the publication of the Twelfth Night . Shakspeare , it is well known , in very early youth , married a girl a good deal older than himself , and there is at least no evidence to shew that , as usual , he did not repent his choice . Now , we will admit that it was unhandsome in the poet at the beginning of the Dream to make Hermia and Lysander discourse upon this delicate subject — Hermia . O cross ! too high to be enthralled to low ! Lysander . Or else misgraff è d in respect of years . Her . ( the lady .) O spite ! too old to be engaged to young ! But matters were still worse , when the Duke , in the Twelfth Night , exclaims : ‘ Too old , by Heaven ! Let still the woman take An elder than herself . ’ And again : ‘ Then let thy love be younger than thyself , Or thy affection cannot hold the bent ; For women are as roses , whose fair flower Being once displayed , doth fall that very hour . ’ It is , we confess , very difficult to suppose that Shakspeare , with his unquestionable good feeling , could have written this unhandsome insult to his own wife , though it is very easy to imagine his passing it over in a hurried perusal previous to its presentation in the green-room . One thing at least appears certain , and not disputed — the plays apparently rise , if we may use the expression , as the series goes on ; all at once , Shakspeare , with a fortune , leaves London , and the supply ceases . Is this compatible with such a genius thus culminating , on any other supposition than the death of the poet and the survival of the employer ? Well , reader , how like you our hypothesis ? We confess we do not like it ourselves ; but we humbly think it is at least as plausible as most of what is contained in the many bulky volumes written to connect the man , William Shakspeare , with the poet of Hamlet . We repeat , there is nothing recorded in his everyday life that connects the two , except the simple fact of his selling the poems and realising the proceeds , and their being afterwards published with his name attached ; and the statements of Ben Jonson , which , however , are quite compatible with his being in the secret . In fact , the only other hypothesis which we think will serve at all , is to suppose that Shakspeare , like Mohammed , instead of going to a garret , went to a cave , and received his Koran from Gabriel ; but then the mischief is , that Shakspeare is the most readable of authors , and the Koran , perhaps the most unreadable trash ever inflicted on a student — at least its translation is ; and besides , no angel of them all could ever have shewn such an acquaintance with our ( to a celestial ) unkindred humanity as these poems display . Perhaps the best and crowning hypothesis is that of Byron about Junius : That what we Shakspeare call , Was really , truly , nobody at all . Thus , whether Shakspeare were written by nobody or not , it seems pretty well proved that nobody gave the plays to Shakspeare ; so that , whether by inheritance , purchase , or divine afflatus , the man who wrote Shakspeare was — William Shakspeare . A NIGHT ON THE MOUNTAINS OF JAMAICA . For persons who have never visited the tropics to form an idea of the exceeding beauty of night in these regions , is utterly impossible . The azure depth of the sky , illuminated by numberless stars of wondrous brilliancy , seems , as it were , reflected in the giant foliage of the trees , and on the dewy herbage of the mountainsides , gemmed with the scintillations of innumerable fire-flies ; while the gentle night-wind , rustling through the lofty plantain and feathery cocoa-nut , bears upon its breath a world of rich and balmy odours . Perhaps the scene is still more lovely when the pale moon flings down her rays on the chalice of the Datura arborea , brimming with nectareous dew — her own most favoured flower , delicate of scent and chaste in beauty . Yet the night of the tropics has many drawbacks : noxious , unsightly creatures then forsake their lair , lithe snakes uncoil their glossy rings , bats flutter in the moonbeams , and croaking frogs disturb the silence of the hour . In a valley of the St Andrew Mountains , in the island of Jamaica , where we resided for a short time , we beheld in perfection this lovely night , and experienced in an equally great degree its inconveniences . It was indeed a favoured spot , for which nature had done her utmost . Sublime and beautiful were there so exquisitely blended , that to determine the leading characteristic of the scenery was impossible . Mountains , clad to the loftiest summit in perpetual verdure ; gigantic trees , rich in blushing fruits ; pensile plants , aglow with the choicest flowers ; proud-rifted rocks , pale and ghastly , as if cleft by an earthquake ; foaming cascades springing madly down the cliffs , leaping through chasms spanned with aquatic creepers , and then dwindling into ever-gurgling streams , that glided through ravines curtained with verdant drapery — such were some of the details of the picture ; but how vain the endeavour to describe this redundant beauty ! A friend , who enjoyed it with a zest as keen as our own , once remarked : ‘ It is like nothing in this world but one of Salvator Rosa 's pictures framed in a garland of flowers ! ’ This gorgeous scenery screened from our dwelling the unsightly squalor of a negro village , which lay at a distance of a mile and a half on the other side of an abrupt hill to our rear . It consisted merely of some score of huts , of miserable aspect , formed of matting , stretched on stakes stuck in the ground ; and in other cases , of interwoven bamboos , dabbed with mud , and roofed over with gigantic palm-leaves . Each had its garden in front , of yams , cocos , and sweet potatoes . The negroes of the village were our nearest neighbours , and we visited them occasionally , in the hope of ameliorating their condition by communicating to them such instruction as they were capable of receiving ; but their grotesque ideas of liberty , overweening egotism , and marvellous superstition , together with the shortness of our stay in their vicinity , combined to frustrate our object . The place we occupied had been once a missionary station , and consisted merely of a couple of chambers , a sitting-room , and a veranda that ran round the house , which was built of an inferior species of mahogany , and ceiled and floored with the same . The colour of the wood , together with the fact , that all the former occupants had fallen victims to the climate , gave the house an air of extraordinary gloom ; still , this was in some measure dissipated by the multitude of flowers in the garden , of the kinds familiar to us in England , and which , from the equable temperature of the mountain climate , flourished in the open air . Before the windows flashed a bright parterre , begirt with a thick hedge of salvias , above which the exquisite humming-bird for ever hovered . The hedge was intermingled with the tea-rose , white jasmine , fuchsia , pink cactus , and bignonia ; all of which , from the hardihood of their growth , appeared indigenous . Balsams sprung like weeds , and every conceivable variety of convolvulus flaunted in gay bands from the shafts of ever-blossoming limes . Along the veranda , extending from column to column , ran a drapery of nurandias , lobeas , and plumbago ; while at the end of the parterre , in close proximity , stretched the grave-yard of the station , studded thick with white stones , recording the names of many a once weary missionary and Christianised negro . About a month after our arrival at Rosevale — for so was the place called — my husband was compelled by professional duty to be absent for a couple of days . It was the first time I had ever been left alone , having been only recently married , and separated from my family in England . An utter stranger in the island , my nerves were somewhat subdued at the prospect before me ; and although determined to endure the loneliness very bravely , still it was not felt the less acutely . There were no Europeans nearer than a distance of five miles ; and owing to the peculiar nature of the scenery , its extraordinary stillness , and the unusual aspect of its gigantic vegetation , it was , despite its beauty , invested to a remarkable degree with an air of desolateness and solitude . At five in the morning , my husband set out upon his journey , and at eight a negro came to inquire whether massa was at home . This was an unusual circumstance ; but upon hearing that massa left home that morning , he departed , and I thought no more of him . The weary day dragged heavily to a close , and at eight in the evening the same negro returned , and repeated his inquiry by the light of a lamp held by a young lad of his own race in our service . I saw the man 's face , and suffering , perhaps , from nervous irritability , fancied I had never seen a countenance more sinister . My pulse throbbed quickly , as the reply was given , that ‘ Massa would n't return till the night of the ensuing day . ’ Here was an admission ! I alone in this wild , outlandish place , attended only by my maid , a semi-German , semi-Irish girl , exceedingly timid , and a couple of negro servants , if possible more cowardly : I felt my heart sink , as after uttering some half-intelligible words , the sable visitor departed . While drinking tea in solitude , musing on the old familiar faces of my former home , never was the croaking of the frog so loud , the curlo 's note so shrill , the evening air so gentle . I heard the negro servants without expressing their astonishment that , now as massa was gone , missus would n't call in Miss Jane ( the maid ) , and make her ‘ peak ’ to her ; adding — ‘ Rosevale not good house to lib by himself in — plenty “ padres ” die dere , plenty doppies ( ghosts ) come up dere from de grabe-yard ! ’ Now my dread was not of the ‘ doppies , ’ but I did fear the return of the recent ill-favoured visitor . Our books had not yet been forwarded from Kingston , so I had not the solace of a favourite author ; but on a shelf in the sitting-room lay an odd volume of Missionary Reports , and the third or fourth of Mandeville 's English History , which had belonged to the former occupant of the place . These I took from their resting-place , and essayed to read , when , in an instant , a bat dropped from the rafters , and fluttering round and round the lamp , cut short my studies . Formerly , church-service was wont to be celebrated in this same room ; and for the purpose of kindling , by means of music , any latent sparks of devotion in the minds of his sable flock , the deceased clergyman , who had resided before us at Rosevale , had imported a seraphine , which he played with skill , and which had never been opened since his death . It stood as he had last touched it , at one end of the sitting-room ; and hoping to overcome my nervousness , I strove against the feelings which had hitherto withheld me from approaching the instrument . I seated myself before it , and began a sacred melody , when , by the imperfect light , it seemed as if the keys were in motion . This I at first attributed to the manner in which the light was thrown , owing to the wheeling flight of some four or five bats that had joined the earliest intruder in his frolics . This idea , however , was speedily dissipated by a great cockroach crawling upon my fingers , and I started up with a shudder , for the instrument was literally covered with these unsightly creatures . I then paced up and down the veranda , flooded with moonlight , till a short time past ten o'clock , when the moon set , and I retired for the night to my chamber , where my uneasiness was speedily overcome by sleep . At midnight , or probably earlier , I awoke with a start : unusual sounds were on the air ; and the sinister visage of the past evening 's visitor presented itself to my disturbed imagination . I stilled my heart , and listened . The sounds seemed to come from the negro village . I sprang from my bed , and , approaching the window , unclosed the jalousie , and saw a number of negroes pouring down the mountain-side — some bearing large torches , and all yelling fearfully . On streamed the living mass ; closer and closer they approached , till their faces were distinctly visible . They carried with them a hideous burden — a swathed and ghastly corpse , the rigid features of which looked ghastlier still in the lurid glare of the torch-light ! This they flung , with frantic gestures , from one to another , receiving it in their arms with a yell and a scream , gibbering in fiendish glee , and dancing and whirling about . Sickening at the horrid sight , I turned away , and closed the jalousie ; when , as the procession surrounded the house , my maid rushed into the room , exclaiming : ‘ O ma'am , what will become of us ? they are trying to force the doors — they are coming in ! ’ For some time they continued seeking an entrance ; but the thought of admitting them never once crossed my imagination . At last , one among the number suggested the inutility of any further attempt ; and , abandoning their original design , they all marched off to the grave-yard , where they remained till dawn as it seemed in some grand carousal . They then , as I was afterwards told , returned to the dwelling of the deceased , laid him in his coffin , and at six in the morning bore him to his last resting-place . This ceremonial was called ‘ The Feast of the Dead , ’ and was celebrated in order to insure a favourable reception for their departed brother from the mouldering occupants of the grave-yard , and to prevent the appearance of his doppie . The deceased , it seems , had been a carpenter , and in that capacity had worked occasionally at Rosevale , which , a few days previously to our arrival , had been the scene of his last labours . It was thought necessary , therefore , for the repose of his soul , that , prior to interment , his body should be brought into the house to pay a farewell visit . A fellow-passenger in our voyage to Kingston related to us a similar occurrence . He had been but a short time resident at Montego Bay , and was , with his wife , active in disseminating Christian knowledge among the negroes of the district . One family , more intelligent than the rest , particularly attracted this good lady , who was much interested in their behalf , in return for which , they attached themselves to her most zealously . Their eldest child , a young girl of fourteen years old , was attacked by a malady , which suddenly terminated in death ; and Mrs R —— was ignorant of the fact , till one evening , as she was entertaining company , the corpse of the poor girl , dressed in the latest gifts she had bestowed , was borne into the midst of the party , to take leave of the kind benefactress , so beloved by her in life . The dread in which the appearance of disembodied spirits is held by the negroes is excessive , and the expedients to which they resort to defend themselves from their intrusion are truly absurd . One of these is to drive ten nails into the door in a pentagonal form — a very effectual barrier ; for the doppie , on beholding it , can neither advance nor recede , but remains there literally spell-bound till the witching-time of night is past , vainly endeavouring to reckon the number of nails , but unable to get beyond the fifth . Another very excellent preventive , in negro estimation , is old leather — that which has been worn in boots or shoes is considered best . This should be burned with horse-litter , and afterwards rubbed upon the door-posts . ‘ This , ’ to quote one of the dusky fraternity , ‘ make such a bad mell , that it catch him nose ; and de berry Jurabie himself would run away from it ! ’ I know not the extent of Satanic endurance , but for a mere mortal to bear with it is impossible , as I once found by experience , when it compelled me to take refuge in the bush . NATIONAL PROSPERITY AND INDIVIDUAL PANIC . The London Gazette , of the 3d July 1852 , announced , in its weekly report of the Bank of England , that the gold coin and bullion in the issue department had reached the sum of L. 21 , 742 , 110 . It had never reached such a sum before . But this is not all . While this vast amount of gold already lies in the vaults of the Bank , nearly every ship from Australia , and steamer from America , brings more of the precious metal . There are not wanting persons to whom this accession of treasure to the country is a subject of panic . The annuitant dreads a depreciation of the value of gold , equivalent , of course , to a general rise in the price of those commodities which conduce to his comfort ; or , in other words , to a diminution of his income . The millionaire sees rivals springing up on all sides from the mountain of gold . Many in every class , who are at ease in their circumstances , and would fain have things remain as they are , look with dislike on a state of things so new , and wish that the ‘ diggings ’ in California , and the gold region of Australia , had never been disturbed by spade or pickaxe . If gold were not our standard of value , no such panic could exist in any mind ; but , on the contrary , the abundance of a metal so pre-eminent in beauty and utility must be universally hailed as a boon . Silver is now the legal tender in most countries of Europe , and used to be so in England , till it became too abundant ; but where transactions are large , silver is too cumbrous : a man can carry L. 500 in gold in his pocket , but L. 500 in silver would require a horse . The reason why these two metals form the money of the most civilised nations , need not be gone into here at any length . ‘ Their qualities of utility , beauty , and scarcity , ’ says Adam Smith , ‘ are the original foundation of the high price of those metals , or of the great quantity of other goods for which they can everywhere be exchanged . This value was antecedent to , and independent of , their being employed as coin , and was the quality which fitted them for that employment . ’ We have printed the word scarcity in italics , because that is the point of alarm . ‘ If , ’ say the alarmists , ‘ gold , which has been in all the world 's annals scarce , is to become plentiful , one of the conditions of its fitness for coin is annihilated . ’ To this we reply : Scarcity is a relative term . Actual scarcity of a commodity may exist , to all practical purposes , in the midst of an abundance of that commodity ; because scarcity is occasioned by two very different causes — namely , limited supply and excessive demand . An amount of gold coin which would be very large for a small community , might be very insignificant for the use of a great and populous nation . In August 1789 , the bullion in the Bank of England amounted only to L. 8 , 645 , 860 ; but we think that was a larger sum for the Bank to possess , in relation to the population and trade of England at that period , than L. 22 , 000 , 000 now . In 1801 , the population of Great Britain numbered about from ten to eleven millions ; in 1851 , nearly twenty millions . Whatever quantity of money , therefore , was necessary for the former period , a very much larger , perhaps a double quantity — supposing an equal degree of prosperity to exist — would be requisite in the latter . This necessity for a larger amount of coin is obvious when regarded only in relation to the increase of population . If population continues at its present rate of increase , a much larger amount of coin than we possess now , even with our L. 22 , 000 , 000 of bullion in the Bank , will be required to keep pace with its wants . But this is not the only view of the question . The population of 1851 , it must be granted , required a larger amount of coin than that of 1801 , or of any former period in our history , supposing each period to possess an equal amount of prosperity . But how stand the facts on this question of prosperity ? If it should appear that , while more gold is discovered , more iron , more tin , more copper , more of every other mineral is also found ; that more wool and cotton are produced , more corn is grown , more ships built , more houses built , more towns raised , more countries inhabited , and last , not least , that railways begin to intersect every country , old and new , and in combination with steam-ships on the ocean , to facilitate the communication among them all — then it would appear that they required a larger amount in proportion to the population ; and that if prosperity continues on the increase , so constantly progressive will be the necessity for more coin , that scarcity will be a term applicable to gold , in all probability , for a long period of time . The fact is , that the increase of commodities has been , in many instances , far greater than the increase of population . In 1740 , the total quantity of iron made in Great Britain was 17 , 350 tons ; in the following hundred years , this quantity increased considerably more than a hundredfold , being estimated at the later period at above 2 , 000 , 000 tons . In 1801 , the Cornish tin-mines produced 2328 tons of metal ; it took only thirty years to double their annual amount . The same is more than true of the copper-mines of Cornwall , which produced in 1801 , 5267 tons ; and after thirty years , 11 , 224 tons . In 1828 , the quantity of sheep 's wool imported from Australia was 1 , 574 , 186 lbs . ; in 1850 , it was 39 , 018 , 228 lbs . In 1801 , the coals shipped from Newcastle were 1 , 331 , 870 tons ; in fifty years more than double — namely , 2 , 977 , 385 tons . These are only a few examples gleaned from many of a similar description , and to them we will only add the fact , of a kind totally new in the world 's annals , that a sum approaching to a moiety of the national debt is now invested in railways in England alone — namely , upwards of L. 350 , 000 , 000 . By a late police report , it appears that 60 , 000 houses have been added to the metropolis of England in the last ten years . These would alone form a large city , requiring much gold and silver for money and luxury ; and in this question of gold , the requisitions of luxury must not be forgotten ; they form an important item , and are commensurate with the necessity for coin . ‘ When , ’ said Adam Smith , ‘ the wealth of any country increases , when the annual produce of its labour becomes gradually greater and greater , a quantity of coin becomes necessary , in order to circulate a greater quantity of commodities ; and the people as they can afford it , as they have more commodities to give for it , will naturally purchase a greater and greater quantity of plate . The quantity of their coin will increase from necessity , the quantity of their plate from vanity and ostentation , or from the same reason that the quantity of fine statues , pictures , and of every other luxury and curiosity , is likely to increase among them . But as statuaries and painters are not likely to be worse rewarded in times of wealth and prosperity than in times of poverty and depression , so gold and silver are not likely to be worse paid for . ’ It may , indeed , be predicted with tolerable certainty , that the qualities of ‘ beauty and utility ’ possessed by gold will be for a long time guarantees for its ‘ scarcity ’ whatever be its abundance . Its fine colour and brilliancy are not its only beauties . No metal is so ductile , so malleable , so indestructible by fire or chemical tests . It does not rust , it scarcely tarnishes , and it admits of the most exquisite workmanship . India alone would absorb the results of many years ’ digging ; and when direct steam communication commences between it and Australia , gold will begin to flow into that great country , with its hundred million of people , in one continued stream , to supply their insatiable desire for it . They habitually invest their savings in gold ornaments , which they wear on their persons ; and at this day , it is not uncommon to see the wife of a native under-secretary , whose salary and property altogether do not amount to much more than L. 300 a year , wearing gold in this manner to the value of L. 500 . The treasure of this kind possessed by the rich natives is probably extraordinary ; and so great is their desire to accumulate it , that it is impossible to keep up a gold-currency in the country : the coin is immediately melted down , and made into ornaments . But whatever amount of gold is absolutely required at present as a circulating medium , and whatever amount is likely to be absorbed by the requirements of luxury , an amount far greater is likely to be needed to keep pace with the increasing prospects of prosperity in this country . Now that the restrictions on trade are nearly all removed , Britain may become the centre of the world 's commerce : situated as she is in a temperate climate , between the Old and the New World , her harbours never closed by ice , there is nothing to limit the extent of her markets , nothing to check the development of her resources , nor the division of her labour . The extraordinary impetus given to emigration by the discovery of the gold-fields , has already begun to create new and great countries ; and every emigrant that leaves our shores becomes a source of wealth and strength to the mother-country , which has cast off the fetters that so long restrained its enterprise , and is open to trade with all the world ; while the discovery of rich coal-mines in most parts of the globe , favours the communication by steam-power between both hemispheres , and almost from pole to pole ; and while we hear of new discoveries that may make the air a motive power instead of steam , and thus render railway transit possible in arid deserts ; and while the electric telegraph not only connects us with the continent of Europe , but is about to cross the Atlantic . With all these powers at command , men will not long be confined to the narrow boundaries in which they are at present congregated ; and in comparison with future improvements in every branch of industry , the present time may come to be regarded as one when they were bunglers in industrial art , and mere scratchers of the soil instead of cultivators . And not the least important among the elements of national prosperity , will be found an abundance of the circulating medium . ‘'Tis certain , ’ says Hume , ‘ that since the discovery of the mines in America , industry has increased in all the nations of Europe , except in the possessors of those mines ; and this may justly be ascribed , amongst other reasons , to the increase of gold and silver . Accordingly , we find that in every kingdom into which money begins to flow in greater abundance than formerly , everything takes a new face — labour and industry gain life ; the merchant becomes more enterprising ; the manufacturer more diligent and skilful ; and even the farmer follows his plough with greater alacrity and attention . ’ The exception of Spain alone is a curious example and warning to nations , as shewing how the best gifts may be abused and converted into a curse instead of a blessing ; for , believing the possession of gold and silver to be the only true wealth , they attempted to accumulate these metals by preventing the exportation of them by absurd restrictions ; and this policy , added to her bigotry and persecution , has left Spain to this day an example of the results of restriction , powerless and poor , a haunt of the robber and the smuggler . An abundance of the circulating medium will always be found to be an important element in national prosperity ; and so great has been the conviction of this fact , that a whole school of political economists have advocated a paper-currency , in order to escape from the danger of restriction . ‘ Give us , ’ say they , ‘ paper-money , the basis of which shall be , not this scarce , restrictive gold , but the real wealth of the country in commodities of every kind . ’ It was Sir Robert Peel who explained the danger of these views , by shewing that paper-notes issued against commodities would tend to increase the fluctuations of the prices of those commodities . By the act of 1819 , therefore , he established that a pound sterling , or the standard , by reference to which the value of every other commodity is ascertained , and every contract fulfilled , should be itself fixed to be a piece of gold of a certain weight and fineness , and that whatever paper-notes were issued , the holder should be entitled to demand standard coined gold in exchange for them at the Bank , at the rate of L. 3 , 17s . 10-1 / 2d . of notes per ounce . Undertaking always to pay in coin when demanded , the Bank was allowed to use its own discretion in the amount of notes it might issue . Such discretion , however , was found to work badly , for the trading community in particular ; and therefore , by the act of 1844 , the issue of bank-notes was limited to the certain amount of L. 14 , 000 , 000 against securities ; and it was enacted that any further issue must vary with and be equal to the amount of bullion deposited in the coffers of the Bank . The reason why L. 14 , 000 , 000 in notes against securities was the sum fixed on , was partly that this was the smallest sum that had been known to be in the hands of the public for a very long period ; and it is probable that numbers of these notes will never appear again , so many being perpetually lost by fires , shipwrecks , or carelessness . However , it is said , that only the other day a bank-note was presented for payment , bearing the date of 1750 . ‘ To what end , ’ it is sometimes argued — ‘ since even the advocates of gold-currency resort to paper-money as more convenient for practical purposes — is the accumulation of treasure in the vaults of the Bank of England ? Why , after all the labour of digging it out of the earth in the antipodes , is it buried again here ? Why not coin it , and lend it out at interest ? ’ The remark is , of course , not unnatural , but has a ready reply . The gold in the vaults of the Bank of England belongs , not to the Bank , but to the holders of the bank-notes . They prefer notes to gold to carry in their pockets , but these rags of notes have no value in themselves ; their sole value is as representatives of a certain portion of gold . People cannot have notes and the gold represented by the notes at the same time : they may have either that they like . If they prefer to have gold spoons , or gold candlesticks , or gold watches , or gold anything else ; or if , as traders , they require to make purchases in any parts of the world where their notes would not pass current , or where those from whom they buy do not require any commodity manufactured in this country , then they can have their gold at the Bank any day by presenting their notes . As , moreover , the holder of every bank-note has an equal claim , pro tanto , on the bullion in the Bank coffers , the more gold there is in them , the more will his note represent . In short , the act of 1844 , above alluded to , established the security of the Bank-of-England-note in a way that seems perfect . On the whole , therefore , it appears that a condition requisite to national prosperity is in prospect for our country . Individual exceptions there may be in the persons of annuitants , but even here counteracting circumstances are continually at work . By improvements in machinery , and facility of communication , the cost of production is so much reduced as , in a greater or lesser degree , to balance the rise of price consequent on an abundance of gold , should any such condition of things actually occur ; and an abundance of gold would undoubtedly , as we have shewn , be favourable to all these improvements . Already , the cost of production , or small amount of labour with which commodities can be produced , compared with former periods , is an important fact in all questions of income . The quantity of cotton wool , for example , taken for consumption in the United Kingdom in 1814 , was 53 , 777 , 802 lbs ., and in 1849 was 775 , 469 , 008 lbs . ; but its value , which in 1814 was L. 20 , 033 , 132 , had only increased in 1849 to L. 26 , 771 , 432 : so that fifteen times the quantity at the latter period cost only about a third more money than the much smaller quantity in the former . The price of cotton-yarn was 8s . 9d . per lb . in 1801 , and only 2s . 11d . in 1832 , owing to improved machinery . Such examples might be multiplied , and would increase in accelerated ratio in times of increased prosperity . Other compensations would not be wanting . If the actual income of an annuitant should be lowered , his taxes would be lightened , his poor-rates perhaps abolished , his sons and daughters able to find openings in every direction . He would not be called on for charity ; he might become enterprising and successful like his neighbours . It is scarcely possible that individual adversity should long co-exist with national prosperity . A period may indeed arrive , discoveries may be in store , which may render a change in the standard of value an absolute necessity . Such a period , however , must be remote , and must be met by wise legislation as it gradually approaches . Meanwhile , we see nothing to stop the development of our resources , nor the increase of our wealth , so long as we use our good gifts and do not abuse them . FRENCH COTTAGE COOKERY . CONCLUDING ARTICLE . [ 2 ] It may be gathered from the two former papers , that I am not in affluent circumstances ; the intimation , therefore , that four distant relations , occupying a sufficiently high position in society , intended to dine with me , was received with a feeling the reverse of pleasurable , both by myself and my single servant . The dining-room and its table were so very small , that I never gave even family dinners . Rose had no idea of waiting ; and , moreover , to cook and wait at one and the same time , is by no means an easy task for any one . I could not bear the idea of hired waiters and cooks , and the attendant noise , fuss , and expense . What was to be done ? I thought over my dinner , but there was no room to place it on my small table , and the apartment would not hold a larger one conveniently . Rose could cook two dishes very well for my solitary self , but how were her unpractised powers equal to sending up a dinner for five persons , two of them men ! It never struck me that Madame Miau could help me in this particular dilemma ; nevertheless , as I wished to consult her about a sauce , I unconsciously unfolded my cause of annoyance . ‘ I see no difficulty at all , ’ said the worthy widow ; ‘ and if you will only let me manage for you , I will answer for its all succeeding à merveille ; but it must be à la Fran ç aise . ’ ‘ But the fish ? ’ ‘ Oh , your fish shall come first ; soyez tranquille . ’ ‘ Anything you please , then , ’ answered I , gaining comfort from her easy , confident manner . I resolved to follow her instructions faithfully ; for I was persuaded somehow that , whether she managed well or ill , her plan would probably be better than mine , and the result shewed I was right . In the middle of the table , fresh flowers in a valuable china bowl did duty as an epergne ; port and sherry — the only wines I would , or , indeed , could present — stood at each corner ; and round the bowl the little dessert , tastefully decorated with leaves , looked well , although consisting only of common dried fruits , preserved ginger , oranges , and cakes . But the plate was bright , the crystal clear , the table-cloth and napkins of the finest damask , and there was abundance of room for sauces , glasses , plates , and all the little things we might happen to require . As the company consisted of my private friends , not inhabitants of our town , Madame Miau herself — attired in a Bolognaise cap , long gold earrings , cross , fluted lace tucker up to her collar bones , and black silk gown — condescended to wait upon and carve for us . She had each dish and its proper accompaniments brought by Rose to the side-table , where all was neatly divided into portions , and handed round , one dish at a time , hot from the fire . We had , first , ox-tail soup ; second , fried soles ; third , oyster pat é s ; fourth , Maintenon cutlets and cauliflower ; fifth , roast lamb and potato-ribbons ; sixth , pheasant , with both bread-sauce and toast . Tartlets and creams followed , and a cream-cheese finished the repast ; then we were left to our dessert and conversation , the latter of which we soon resolved to terminate with our coffee in the drawing-room , where a purer atmosphere awaited us . All went off quietly and comfortably ; no noise , no bustle , no asking will you have this or that ; everything was brought round without questioning , and conversation was never for an instant interrupted . My fastidious cousin , Jack Falconbridge ; his foolish fine-lady sister ; her common-place lord ; and her ‘ talented and travelled friend , ’ Miss Scribbleton , expressed themselves equally pleased , although there was nothing recherch é, nothing expensive , nothing extraordinary . At the rich Mr Goldscamp 's , where they had dined the day before , things were , they all agreed , very far inferior . Five or six inexperienced young footmen jostled against each other , whilst rushing about with sauces and condiments ; the table groaned under a gorgeous display of plate , and loads of unnecessary glass and china . ‘ I was , ’ said Miss Scribbleton , ‘ really quite afraid to move , lest I should overturn or break something , and felt like a bull in a china-shop . ’ ‘ The cookery , ’ continued the Honourable John , ‘ was atrocious ; everything half cold , and we rose hungry , to partake of watery coffee and lukewarm tea . ’ ‘ Ah ! ’ sighed his sister , ‘ I was bored to extinction by everything and every person . ’ And then followed compliments to me upon my little unpretending entertainment , which I felt were sincere , for everything was good of its kind , and I presented nothing that Rose could not cook perfectly under Madame Miau 's directions , except the soup and pat é s , which the pastry-cook supplied — all was hot , and all was quiet . I have forgotten in the above enumeration the crowning dish of all , the Braousa , which drew down applause from the company ; the Mayonnaise , in short , which Madame Miau concocted with her own hands . Every one thinks they can make the Mayonnaise sauce , because they find the ingredients given in various treatises upon cookery ; but there is a secret , gastronomic reader , a very simple one ; and this small secret I shall now unfold , by which , if you try , you will see that oil , vinegar , and egg , end in a very different result than when the usual mode of mixing them is employed . But ere I enlighten you , let me suggest to the Mesdames Jones and Thompsons , who will persist in giving dinners with few servants and small means , that if they adopt the above plan , they will better content their company , to say nothing of saving their money , than by pursuing the accustomed mode of killing off their acquaintance — namely , a huge ‘ feed ’ dressed by a common cook , and served by hired waiters , who , scuffling amongst strange plates and glasses , invariably crack many and break some . A Mayonnaise .— Beat the yolk of a large quite freshly-laid egg , adding a little salt , with a teaspoonful of lemon juice : use a flat dish and a silver fork , and beat them thoroughly well together . Then take nearly a pint of the finest Lucca oil , which has been kept well corked from the air , and drop one drop . Keep beating the egg all the time , and add another drop — drop by drop at a time : it will take half an hour to do , and must be so thick as to require to be lifted by a spoon . Prepare your cold meat , lobster , chicken without skin , veal , or rabbit . Cut all in neat pieces , and set them round the centre of your dish ; then take the very inside hearts of two or three cabbage lettuces , which have been well crisped in cold water , and place them round the meat . Cut two hard-boiled eggs in quarters , and some beet-root in strips , and place them tastefully , contrasting the colours . Now , with a spoon cover all with the sauce , laid on thickly , and upon it an anchovy cut in strips . Finish off with a nasturtium at the top , and also a row all round the outward edge . Several days having elapsed since I had seen the friend in need , who had proved to me a friend indeed so lately , I went to ascertain whether her unusual exertions of body and mind had not made her ill , but was happy to find her in perfect health , seated at dinner with a very fine gentleman , all curls , compliments , gilt chains , and earrings , whom she introduced as ‘ Mon neveu Antonio ’ — the son of her husband 's sister , who had married an Italian , and who , like his father , was at once cook and courier . Their dinner consisted of the following friture , from M. Antonio 's own private recipe-book : Have ready , half-cooked , 1st , thin slices of calves ’ liver ; 2d , artichokes cut in half quarters or quarters , according to their size ; 3d , cauliflower — only the flower , divided in small pieces ; 4th , calves ’ brains , previously soaked in salt , vinegar , and water , for twenty-four hours , cut in little bits : make a light batter , and fry each separately of a golden brown in the right order , having the dish in which they are to be served on a hot hearth . Cover the dish with the liver , then the artichoke , then the brains , and , lastly , the cauliflower , each distributed so as to decrease towards the top , which is covered with a larger sprig of cauliflower . Madame Miau fried beautifully , and , under her nephew 's directions , tried a pretty dish I had never before heard of — namely , the flower of the cucumber-plant , or vegetable mallow — which is usually , and , I believe , incorrectly , called marrow — nipped off with the little fruit attached to it . It was dipped in butter , fried lightly , and served quite hot . Creams are very good , made according to the following simple , inexpensive recipe , which is just enough to fill twelve small cups or glasses . Take good milk sufficient to fill them , and boil it with two ounces of grated chocolate , and six of white sugar ; then beat the yolks of six eggs , to which add slowly the chocolate-milk , turning steadily one way . When quite mixed , pass the whole through a search , fill your cups , and , if you have not a regular bain-marie , a flat sauce-pan will do , filled to a proper height , so as not to overtop the creams , and which must continue boiling a quarter of an hour . For a change , instead of the chocolate , boil the milk with a pod of vanille broken in pieces , or any other flavour you may fancy . Spinach Cream .— Boil your spinach , and let it thoroughly drain in a cullender ; then press it through a hair-sieve with a spoon , as for food . Take the pulp that has been pressed through the sieve , and mix it with cream , or very good milk , and two additional yolks of eggs . Pass the yolks of six eggs through a sieve , add six ounces of white sugar in powder , and two table-spoonfuls of trebly-distilled orange flower-water , and , as before mentioned , place the cups in a bain-marie for a quarter of an hour . I requested the good-natured nephew to dress me a dish of macaroni , which he did as follows , one of his many modes of preparing it : He boiled it till just tender , and no more . The English cook it too much , he said . When drained , he grated a sufficient quantity of both Gruy è re and Parmesan cheese , and alternately put upon the dish , first macaroni , and then cheese , finishing with the cheese . Over this he poured strong beef-gravy , in which some tomatoes had been dissolved , and put it a few minutes in the oven , and then a few more before the fire in a Dutch oven ; but he preferred a hot hole , and to cover it with a four de compagne , or cover upon which you place hot embers . He also assured me the following sauce was better even than the beef-gravy :— Tomato Sauce .— Warm your tomatoes until you can skin them ; beat the pulp with finely-grated ham , onion , parsley , thyme , salt , and Lucca oil , all as small as possible ; pass through a sieve , and pour over your macaroni . Serve hot . Tomatoes are good skinned , the seeds taken out , and with a little butter and finely-chopped herbs , beaten into a paste with eggs , and fried in a light batter . Fried Asparagus .— Do not boil it too much , but enough to cut in pieces and pass through a sieve ; mix this with grated ham and Parmesan cheese , and with butter make it into a paste of good consistency , which fry in a light batter . Celery is also very nice treated in the same way . As I like butter , as the French do , without any salt at all , I found much difficulty in keeping quite sweet what a farmer obligingly so prepared for me . Without water , it got bad . Made into pats , and kept in water , it lost flavour ; but Madame Miau soon put me upon a plan by which it remained for ten days as if new churned . As soon as I received my quantum , I had it well washed in spring-water , for sometimes the milk had not been taken clean out of it ; and then it was put down with a spoon in a salad bowl , to which it adhered . Every morning , fresh water , in which was dissolved a little salt , was poured upon it , and the top curled off for use with a tea-spoon or a small shell . To the very last , it was sweet and tasteless ; and I consider this a very valuable hint , in hot weather especially . FOOTNOTES : [ 2 ] Nos . 388 and 416 . AMUSEMENTS FOR THE PEOPLE . We have become so accustomed to the idea of a soul-and-body-ruining intemperance amongst the lower portion of the working-classes , that only some startling details connected with it make any great impression upon us . Yet it is verily a most awful thing to exist in the midst of enlightened , advancing England . There are 1300 beer-shops in the borough of Manchester , besides 200 dram-shops . Thirty-nine per cent . of the beer-shops are annually reported by the police as disorderly . One dram-shop receives 10 , 000 visits weekly . In those of Deansgate , which are 28 in number , 550 persons , including 235 women and 36 children , were found at one time on a Saturday night . Many of the beer-shops are a haunt of the young of both sexes among the factory people , ‘ the majority with faces unwashed and hair uncombed , dancing in their wooden clogs to the music of an organ , violin , or seraphine . ’ A considerable number of the public-houses of Manchester have music continually going on as an attraction . Twenty-four such houses are open on Sunday evenings . Two of them received 5500 visitors per week last winter . The most innocent of the favourite haunts of the people are casinos , or music-saloons , where multitudes assemble to witness scenic representations , feats of jugglery , tumbling , & c. Twopence is paid for admission , and for this the value is given in refreshments , most frequently consisting of ginger-beer . These places are comparatively innocent , but still are far from being what is required in that respect . [ 3 ] It is a tremendous problem — how are we to give innocent amusement to the people ? Perhaps there is none of our day more momentous . We try the lecture , and win an audience of units out of the thousands whom we seek to benefit . The reading-room , with penny cups of coffee , holds out its modest charms , and does much good , but still leaves the masses as it finds them . Something else is wanted , but it is difficult to say what it should be . Perhaps some clever person will hit upon it by intuition , or some ordinary one by accident , and so solve the problem . Perhaps it will be left to the philosopher to consider the human nature of the case , and divine what should be done . We can imagine him saying something like this : ‘ Man is a creature that requires novelty , variety , and excitement . He cannot be kept at duty continually ; he must have pleasure too . He cannot be always at work on the real ; he demands the ideal also . Even in the course of exertions which he relishes as conducing to his material interests , he every now and then requires a change of scene and of occupation . Something to divert the mind from its ordinary series of ideas — something to enable us to lose ourselves in a temporary illusion , were it only a jocular supposition of our being something a good deal worse than we are — something , above all , to stir the hearty laugh , which proves its being good for us by the very help it gives to digestion — is required at frequent intervals — all free from what tends to debase and corrupt . Such is the theory of Amusement ; and nothing which does not fulfil that theory will be effective for its ends . Here is a perquisition somewhat more startling than that of Xerxes , putting a prize upon a new pleasure . Happy will be the man who can devise truly available means of supplying this grand want in our Work-World ! It is plainly for want of some such device that the public-house thrives , and that human nature is seen in such unlovely forms amongst the lower circles of society . ’ It occurs to us , that there can be no social want which society itself is not competent to satisfy . In the variety of the human faculties , there are some which immediately tend to give pleasure and amusement , and certain men possess these in a greater degree than others . The troubadour , the jongleur , and the joculator , are natural productions of all time , in a certain proportion to the bulk of their kind . Accordingly , all through the various grades of society , we find clever people , exhibiting a gift for music , for mirth-making , for narration , and for dramatic effect . In the upper circles , these voluntary and unprofessional powers form the main dependence for the amusement of the evening . In the inferior walks of life , they are comparatively lost for want of a fair field to work in : they only find a vulgar and unworthy outlet in the coarse scenes of the tavern . Suppose we address ourselves to making arrangements by which humble society could be enabled to take advantage of the powers of amusement which lie within itself ? We can pretend to nothing like a scheme , and perhaps so much the better . We can imagine , however , that in certain circumstances , the desideratum could be tolerably well supplied without much outlay or formality . We have coffee and reading rooms already . Say that to such an institution , we add a music and conversation room ; this , as a beginning . There , when the newspaper or book had ceased to charm , let a group assemble , and , according as there might be power present , enjoy itself with a tune , a song , a chorus , a recital , an elocutionary reading , a debate on some question , or a scene from a play . Presuming that the house is under the care of an honest , well-meaning person , there could be little fear of impropriety of any kind as resulting from such amusements . The amateur spirit guarantees plenty of such volunteer effort . Let it simply be understood , as in ordinary society , that each should do his best to promote the hilarity of the evening . If a single room succeeded , let two be tried — one for conversation alone , or for such games as cards and draughts ( under strict regulation , to prevent any beyond nominal stakes ) ; while the other served for music , and other entertainments not inferring silence . In the long-run , there might be further additions , allowing rooms for mutual instruction in various arts and accomplishments , sheds and courts for out-of-doors amusements , and so on . If such establishments were ever to reach a public character , under what regulation should they be placed ? We have no suggestion to make ; but we embrace and maintain the principle , that the more they were understood to be under the protection of the public opinion of the class for whose benefit they are designed , the better . The patronising puritanism of another class would ruin everything . Let the other classes , if called on to assist , agree to view all that went on with a certain liberality of judgment , remembering that , although there may be some little possibilities of abuse , the whole project is , after all , an alternative from something infinitely worse ; and in a fair course , improvement is to be expected . It is one unfortunate necessity of the case , that a very small abuse in a system under a responsible administration , makes a great scandal against the administration itself ; the public not reflecting , that that administration may be all the time tending to the repression , not the promotion of such abuses : hence the difficulty of getting responsible administrations in such cases at all . These , however , are difficulties to be struggled with , not given way to . FOOTNOTES : [ 3 ] The facts here adduced are from a recent contribution of Dr J. W. Hudson to the Manchester Examiner . CORINNA AT THE CAPITOL . BY MARIE J. EWEN . There were footsteps on the Corso in the morning twilight gray , And gatherings in the Forum ere the rosy blush of day ; Loud voices round the Capitol , and on the marble stair , A breathless crowd assembled , as for a triumph there . The chimes of San Giovanni , how merrily they ring ! As if to all the city a soul of joy to bring : There 's noise of many chariots , and sounds of trampling feet , Of horses with their trappings gay , and minstrels in the street . And the balconies , what mean they with their tapestry so fine ? And why are garlands wreathed around the arch of Constantine ? What mean those banners streaming bright o'er tower and glittering dome , Ye ladies fair and gentlemen , that throng the streets of Rome ? It is a day of triumph , and the brightest of its kind ; The victory of genius and the mastership of mind ; Corinna , the pride of Italy , descends the flower-wreathed way , For at the proud old Capitol she will be crowned to-day . Right nobly prance her snow-white steeds ; behold the chariot come ! Room , room for her , the star of all ! ye citizens of Rome . Off with your hats , brave gentlemen ! for genius is divine , And never hath she made her home in such a lovely shrine . She comes ! the fair Corinna comes ! ‘ mid thunders of acclaim , That rush unto the lips of all at the murmur of her name . Scatter sweet roses all around ; fling perfumes to the air ; And strew her path with all that breathes of beautiful and fair . Her car hath gained the Capitol — her foot is on the stair ; She stands a form of matchless grace , the queen of thousands there . Bring forth the wreath that threw afresh a lustre round his name , Whose genius burned , a vestal fire , with never-dying flame . Whose vision pierced the mantling mists that circle round the tomb , Where bitter groans resound for aye amid the starless gloom ; Who saw the cities of the blest , and with as fearless tread Paced through the ebon halls of hell , the mansions of the dead . The crown that might have cast a ray to light lone Tasso 's gloom , But only drooped , a funeral wreath , to wither on his tomb ; Ay , reach it down , that laurel crown , it never hath been given To one more rich in beauty 's grace , and all the gifts of Heaven . Oh , it is grand , a nation 's love ! a people 's benison , The homage of ten thousand hearts flung at the feet of one ; The rapturous glow that fires the soul , and thrills through every frame , At the mention of the worshipped one , the echo of her name . Corinna at the Capitol ! Oh , what a spell comes o'er me , As I view the gorgeous pageantry that passeth now before me ; But I would I knew the meaning of the tears which like a stream In pearly drops are shining through the rapture of her dream . Though laurel wreaths surround her brow , and glory lights her name , There is a chamber in her heart can ne'er be filled by fame ; Lonely , amid adoring crowds , she deems , as well she may , The faithful love of one true heart were better worth than they . And when the crowd is parted , and the festival is o'er , The many voices silent , and the music heard no more ; She will think upon the triumph , the splendour that is gone , As the shadow of a dream , or the echo of a tone ! GOING AHEAD . The reading of your paper on ‘ Railway Communication , ’ has given me great pleasure : your remarks about American railways are very well in the main , but the speed of travel is misstated , as it ranges from forty to fifty miles an hour ; unless it be an omnibus railway , like the Haarlem , where they stop for passengers every few hundred yards . The Hudson River Railway , which passes by our mill at Yonkers , almost frightens my brother out of his wits by its speed , and he takes the steam-boat now to avoid it . The trains go very fast , but it is a superb road , and very safe , as the servants of the company , with their flags and lanterns , line the road the whole distance . They have twenty trains a day . The Erie Railway is also finished from New York to Lake Erie ; the traffic on this line is immense , freight often lying two weeks before it can be put through . Its income is over three and a half million dollars . We have only one class of passengers , except emigrant trains : the fare generally ranges from a cent and a quarter to two cents a mile — on some of the shorter roads , as high as three or four cents . All the carriages are lined with mahogany and silk plush . The locomotives on our long roads weigh from twenty to forty tons . The fact is , that anything said about our physical development on data collected at any one period , is quite likely to be false or absurd within a twelvemonth . Though in the midst of it , and not one of the excitable kind , I am often astonished at it myself . I have several times mentioned that you would hardly know New York , or find any of your old landmarks ; and yet New York would be comparatively a mean city , if you took away what had been built within a year . Steam-ships shew another phase of it : three years ago , we hardly had the shadow of one ; now — and I have looked into the matter very carefully — I would not , as a commercial speculation merely , exchange forty of the best of our steam-ships for any other forty in the world : of course I do n't refer to war-steamers . Some of the California steam-ships are perfect pictures in model , and put the Collins ’ Line into the shade . By the way , did you ever notice their passenger-list ?— from 300 to 600 at a trip ; and one vessel last year took 1125 passengers , paying very nearly half her cost in a single trip . In the summer , they slept about the decks like ants in a hill . A good education , including a college one to those who have the proper capacity , is open to every poor child in this city , free of cost . The immense sums necessary to pay for all this , are voted by the people themselves out of their own pocket .— Private Letter from New York . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & CO ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .