DEW DROPS VOL . 37 . No . 16 . WEEKLY . DAVID C. COOK PUBLISHING CO ., ELGIN , ILLINOIS . GEORGE E. COOK , EDITOR . APRIL 19 , 1914 . A SYRUP-CAN MOTHER BY MARY GILBERT . Dorothy Deane and her little brother Laurence were standing by the window watching for papa . “ There he comes ! ” cried Dorothy at last , and the children raced toward the corner as fast as their chubby little legs would carry them . “ Careful now ! ” said papa warningly , as the two hurrying little figures reached him . “ Do n't hit against my dinner pail ! ” “ What is in it ? ” asked Dorothy and Laurence in one breath , as they stood on tiptoe , trying to peep inside the cover . “ Guess ! ” said papa , laughing . “ A nickel to the one who guesses right ! ” “ Candy ! ” cried Laurence . “ Oranges ! ” said Dorothy . Papa shook his head at both these guesses , and at all the others that followed , until they had reached the house . “ Now let mamma have a turn , ” he said , holding the dinner pail up to her ear . “ Why , it is n't — ” mamma began , with a look of greatest surprise . “ Yes , it is ! ” papa declared . Then he took off the cover and tipped the pail gently over in the middle of the kitchen table and out came ten of the fluffiest , downiest little chickens that any of them had ever seen . “ Oh , oh , oh ! ” cried the children delightedly . “ Are they really ours ? Where did you get them ? ” “ They are power-house chickens , ” papa replied , smiling at their enthusiasm — “ hatched right in the engine room ! ” “ What do you mean ? ” asked mamma in astonishment , gazing at the pretty little creatures . “ Just what I say , ” replied papa , who was an engineer in the big power house down town : “ they were hatched on a shelf in the engine room . ” “ It was just this way , ” he explained , hanging up his hat . “ Tom Morgan brought me a dozen eggs from his new hennery about three weeks ago . I put them on the shelf , intending to bring them home that night , but never thought of them until this morning , when there seemed to be something stirring up there . I looked , and , sure enough , there was a fine brood of chickens , just picking their way out of their shells ! ” “ But how did it ever happen ? ” asked mamma in a puzzled tone . “ Because the engine , running night and day , gave the eggs just as much heat as they would have found under a hen 's wings , ” papa replied : “ and they thought that they were put up there to hatch . ” “ Oh , are n't they darlings ! ” cried Dorothy , clapping her hands as the chickens began to eat the crumbs . “ They are the nicest pets that we ever had in all our lives . ” “ Oh , are n't they darlings ! ” cried Dorothy . While papa was making a nice coop out of a wooden box , mamma found an empty tin can that had once held a gallon of maple syrup . She filled this full of boiling water , screwed the cover on tight , and then wrapped it up in pieces of flannel . “ There , ” she exclaimed triumphantly , fastening the last strip , “ let us see how the chickens like this for a mother ! ” Setting the can carefully in the center of the coop , she put the little chickens close by it . Finding it soft and warm , they cuddled up against the flannel cover , and began to chirp as contentedly as if it were a mother hen . Then she pinned a square of flannel to the upper side of the can , letting it spread either way like a mother hen 's wings , and leaving the ends open for the chickens to go in and out . They cuddled up against the flannel cover . “ We will fill the can with hot water every night , ” said mamma , “ and it will keep the chickens warm . ” And here they lived quite happily with their syrup-can mother , until papa declared that they were large enough to go to roost in the barn . PRINCE GOODHEART 'S DAUGHTERS . BY ZELIA MARGARET WALTERS . Prince Goodheart had twin daughters about eight years old , named Myrtle and Violet . He had a number of other daughters , and sons too , for this was a large family . But to-day 's story is about the twins . When the nurse was getting them ready for bed at night she always told a story , and one night her story was about the good-luck plant . She told how the seeds of it had been scattered about over all the earth , and here and there the good-luck plant came up . Then she told about a child that had found one , and of all the pleasant things that happened to her . The little princesses listened with wide open eyes , and hoped they , too , would find a leaf of that marvelous plant some day . The next morning Myrtle and Violet were out in the garden early . “ I 'm going outside of the gate , ” said Myrtle . “ I mean to find the good-luck plant to-day . ” “ But we have n't permission to go out , ” said Violet . “ I 'm not going to ask , ” said Myrtle . “ They 'll all be glad when I come back with the plant . You 'd better come with me . ” “ But I must get my lessons , and finish the hemming mother gave me to do , and afterward I promised to weed one of the flower beds for mother . I must do those things first . ” “ Oh , well , I can find it by myself , ” said Myrtle , and out she ran . She did n't have as fine a time as she expected . She got tired and cross . She looked for the plant by the roadside , and in the park , and on the lawns . Whenever anyone spoke to her she answered crossly . When the sun set , and warned her that it was time to go home , she had n't seen a thing that looked like the good-luck plant . She shed a few tears as she ran home . At the castle gate she heard a pleasant noise of laughter and happy voices in the garden . “ Could they have had a party without me ? ” she cried . She darted in . “ Oh , Myrtle ! ” called her little brothers and sisters . “ What do you think ! Violet has found the good-luck plant , and she let us all hold it awhile , and we 've had such a lovely time since lessons are done . ” Myrtle 's face flushed . “ You are a deceitful girl , ” she said to her twin . “ You said you meant to stay home . ” “ So I did , ” said Violet . She looked so happy and sweet that even cross Myrtle stopped frowning . “ I found it while I was weeding mother 's flower bed . There it was among the pansies . I knew it at once by the horseshoe shape on the leaves . ” THE QUEER BLACK CALF . BY MATTIE W. BAKER . “ Please tell us a story , grandpa , ” said Arthur . “ A story about papa when he was a boy , ” added Willie . “ Well , I 'll tell you what your papa did , right over there , when he was only four years old . ” “ We had a very gentle old horse that we called Jenny . When I came home from any place , and was going to turn her into the pasture , your papa always wanted to do it himself , so I would give him the end of the halter , and let him lead her through the lane to the bars . He could drop down the ends of the bars , for they were only poles , and then Jenny would hold her head so that he could slip off the halter . “ Well , one time it was near night when I came home , and your papa was gone to the bars as usual , so it was growing dark when I saw him coming back . ” “ ‘ What took you so long ? ’ I asked . ‘ Did n't Jenny hold her head down good ? ’ “ ‘ Oh , yes , ’ he said ; ‘ but I saw a black calf out there in the bushes , and I thought I 'd put the halter on him and lead him home . ’ “ ‘ There 's no calf in the pasture , ’ I said . “ ‘ Yes , there was , ’ he persisted — ‘ a funny-looking black calf ! I went up to him and tried to put on the halter , but he would n't hold his head down when I told him to ; and then he turned around and went off into the woods , so I came home . ’ “ I remembered then that a bear had been seen not far from us a few days before , and I wondered if my little boy had been trying to put a halter on a bear ! “ I called the hired man , and got my gun , and we went over there . It was not so dark but that we could see the bear 's tracks in the mud about the rock , and right among them were the tracks of your papa 's little shoes ! ” Both boys ’ eyes were “ as big as saucers . ” “ Did papa do that , really ? ” asked Willie . “ Yes , he did , for this is a true story . ” “ He did n't know any better , he was so little , ” said Arthur . “ I would n't want to try it . ” “ I think , ” laughed grandpa , “ that even your papa would n't want to try it now , old as he is ! ” MAISIE PLAYS THE GOOD FAIRY . BY COE HAYNE . Often did Maisie play the good fairy when out in fields . When she saw a lamb caught in the fence , she freed it ; when a little bird fell from its nest she replaced it ; when a wee chick lost its mother , she helped it out of its misery . So did she try each day to make the world happier . One day as she was roaming about , she saw something dark in the grass . She stooped and picked up a pocketbook . Her eyes opened wide with excitement when she found inside of the pocketbook several five-dollar bills and some silver . Maisie finds a pocketbook . “ Who could have lost it ? ” she asked herself . Maisie was going to run to the house to show her mother what she had found when she caught sight of a boy lying face downward upon the ground beside the road . Maisie caught sight of a boy lying face downward upon the ground . She ran to the boy and knelt beside him . Touching him lightly upon the cheek with a wisp of grass , she said : “ Look up , boy . What is the matter ? ” “ I 've lost my father 's pocketbook , ” sobbed the boy . “ I drove ten sheep to market and the man paid me for them . But I dare not go home because I 've lost the money . ” “ Do you believe in fairies ? ” asked Maisie . “ What good are fairies ? ” replied the boy . “ Maybe they would bring you good luck , ” said Maisie . “ I do n't believe it , ” said the boy . “ Suppose you try them . Close your eyes . ” The boy closed his eyes . “ Now repeat after me : “ Bright eyes , light eyes ! Fairies of the dell , Come and listen while my woes I tell . ” The boy did as he was told . “ Now open your eyes , ” ordered Maisie . The boy opened his eyes and within six inches of his hand lay the pocketbook . Eagerly he took it and opened it . “ Is the money all there ? ” asked Maisie . “ Every cent ! ” cried the boy with joy . “ You had better believe in good fairies , ” said Maisie , as she ran away laughing . “ Ah , you are the good fairy ! ” called the boy after her . “ Many , many thanks for your kindness . ” THE LITTLE PIONEER 'S RIDE . BY ANNA E. TREAT . “ Whoa , Buck ! Whoa , Bright ! ” called out Stephen Harris , pioneer , and the glossy red oxen halted in the forest opening . “ This shall be our dinner camp to-day , boys , ” said he . “ See what a fine spot . ” The pair of stalwart lads , with rifles on their shoulders , who had been walking all the forenoon beside the big covered wagon , thought it was , truly , a fine spot and began to make camp for dinner , unyoking the oxen and turning them out to graze , kindling a fire with dry twigs and moss and fetching water from the clear brook that rippled by . Meanwhile , children of all ages began to climb down from the wagon . There were ten of them , fine healthy children ; the youngest , Martha , was a little yellow-haired girl of three , the pet and pride of them all . The wagon , which had been their traveling house for a month was well fitted up for the comfort . The seats were built along the sides and so contrived as to hook back at night ; then the bedding , tightly rolled up by day , was spread out on the wagon bottom . Under the wagon swung the large copper kettle , the most important of all things in the households of those early times . After dinner the oxen were yoked up , and in great spirits the pioneers scrambled to their places in the wagon , and the oxen started on at a good pace , and they had gone a mile or two before the fearful discovery was made that little Martha was missing ! The patient oxen were turned about , and as fast as possible the distracted family traveled back to the dinner camp , Mr. Harris and the big brothers calling , as they went , the name of the child . The camp was finally reached — but little Martha was not there and no trace of her could be found . The forest had seemed so peaceful an hour before , but now it was filled with terrors . What wild animals might not lurk in the thickets ! The very brook seemed to murmur of dangers — quicksands and treacherous water-holes . “ Baby ! Baby ! ” called Mr. Harris suddenly , breaking into a sharp cry ; and this time , in the anxious waiting pause of silence , a shrill little voice from right under the wagon piped out , “ Here I is ! ” and over the rim of the great copper kettle popped Martha 's golden head . Scrambling out , “ head-over-heels , ” she rushed into her mother 's arms , as fresh and rosy from her after-dinner nap as though she had been rocked in the downiest cradle in the land . AN APRIL DAY . Now bless me ! where have my rubbers gone , And where my big umbrell ’ ? It 's pouring rain , and a minute ago It was just as clear as a bell ! Oh , here are my rubbers , and here 's my umbrell ’ — But , dear ! dear me ! I say , The sun 's out bright and the rain all gone — Did you ever see such a day ! — Selected . AN ODD EARTHQUAKE . After Hiram sowed the field of rye , he left the big wooden roller standing in the lane . It was a big roller , almost five feet high ! One sunny forenoon Roy and Dorothy raced up the lane with little black Trip and white Snowball at their heels . Dorothy was a gay , prancy horse and Roy was a coachman armed with a long whip . They paused for breath beside the roller . Roy clambered up to the high seat and flourished his whip . Dorothy drummed on the hollow-sounding sides with her chubby fingers . Suddenly a loose board rattled to the ground . Dorothy thrust her curly head inside the roller . “ Oh , what a nice playhouse ! ” she cried . Roy got down and peered in . “ So it is , ” he cried . “ We can live here when it rains , for there 's a really roof and a truly floor . ” “ We 'll call it Clover Cottage , ” said Dorothy , “ for see how thick the clover is all around it . ” In about an hour “ Clover Cottage ” was in perfect order . Pictures and cards were tacked up , and the dolls and the furniture and the dishes all in place . Snowball was purring on a little bed of pine needles , and Trip lay beside her fast asleep . Tired of her work , Dorothy cuddled down a minute , too . Roy put back the loose board to shut out the blazing sun . Then he cuddled down beside his sister , and it was all dark and quiet . At twelve o'clock Norah came to the kitchen door and blew the great tin dinner horn . Hiram promptly unhitched “ Old Dolly ” from the hay rake and started for the house . “ I may as well haul the roller along and put it under cover , ” he said to himself , as he passed the lane . He backed patient Dolly into the thills and mounted the high seat . “ Clover Cottage ” gave a sudden lurch forward . Dorothy woke with a scream . Trip was thrown violently into her lap , yelping wildly . Snowball clawed madly at the slowly-turning roof . Roy tried to shield his sister with his short arms , as dolls , dishes and themselves rolled together in confusion . “ Old Dolly ” pricked up her ears and stopped short . Hiram sprang down and tried to peer through the cracks of the roller . Helped by Roy within , the loose board was soon pushed aside and the unhappy little inmates of “ Clover Cottage ” crawled out , one by one . Frightened Trip shot down the lane . Snowball scrambled up the nearest tree trunk . “ Well , ” said Hiram , “ I call this quite an earthquake ! ” — Child Garden . HOW REX EARNED HIS KEEP . BY WINTHROP DAY . When the passenger train stopped at the little station up in the mountains , Carl and Rosalie were helped out of one of the Pullman cars by the porter . Sam , their Uncle Jack 's big hired man , was there to meet them with the mountain hack and a team of splendid ponies . “ So you 're all here safe , I see , ” said Sam in his hearty way . “ I know that we 're here all right , ” said Rosalie , “ but I 'm not so sure about Rex . I have n't seen him since we left Kansas City . ” “ Who 's Rex ? ” asked Sam . “ Why did n't Uncle Jack tell you about Rex ? ” said Carl . “ Rex is our collie . He was put into the baggage car . ” Just then the station agent walked from the front end of the train leading an immense dog by a chain . “ This is Rex , ” said Rosalie . “ Is n't he a fine dog ? ” “ We got rid of a dog just last week , ” said Sam . “ Why did you get rid of him ? ” asked Carl . “ Oh , he was n't worth his keep . He did n't do anything but eat . It costs money to feed a dog up our way . I have n't much use for dogs , anyway . They are a bother where there are a lot of sheep around . ” “ But Rex loves sheep , ” said Rosalie . Sam did not look as if he believed this . When Rosalie and Carl arrived at their uncle 's sheep ranch far up in the mountains , they were given a warm welcome by their Aunt Janet . “ Your Uncle Jack told me to kiss you for him as he had to go to his other ranch for a week , ” said Aunt Janet . Two days later Rex got his chance to prove his worth . Aunt Janet and Carl and Rosalie were just finishing their supper when a man from a neighboring sheep ranch knocked at the door and said that the herder of Uncle Jack 's flock of yearlings had broken his leg and that someone ought to go for a doctor at once . Rex gets a chance to prove his worth . “ Sam must go , ” said Aunt Janet . “ But who will take care of your sheep to-night , ma'am ? ” said the neighbor . “ I would do it but I left my flock with my little son and must return at once . ” “ Rex will take care of the sheep , ” said Carl . “ I know he will for he guards anything I ask him to . ” “ He looks like a sure enough shepherd dog , ” said the neighbor . “ I would trust him with a flock of my own . ” So while Sam was hurrying down the mountain side after the doctor , Carl and Rosalie went with the neighbor through the woods to the place where Uncle Jack 's flock of yearling sheep were feeding . And Rex went with them . “ I heard wolves howling last night , ” said the neighbor . “ Your dog will have to keep close watch to-night . ” “ Oh , he will sir , ” said Rosalie . And sure enough ! When Sam went to the sheep in the morning he found not one of them missing . Nor would Rex allow Sam to go near the sheep until Carl came out and called him away from his post of duty . A WASH DAY FANTASY . My mamma says they 're spider webs , All sparkly with the dew , And mamma 's right , she 's always right , And what she says is true . But they 're so weensy , and so soft , And white , that just for fun , I call them fairy baby clothes A-drying in the sun . — Frederick Hall in “ Little Folks . ” When Pussy Was Shocked By Jean Ford Roe Perhaps you think nobody can shock a cat . But just wait . This particular Persian kitten was only six months old , and nearly as big as he could ever expect to be , and he was a beautiful creature to look at — all black except his white mittens , boots , nose and shirt-front , as a Persian cat ought to be ; and he had a cunning tassel in each ear , and a great plumy tail like an ostrich feather , and big topaz-golden eyes . Miss Mary 's room and the next one opened into each other and were quite large , and both were covered with heavy rugs . Pussy 's favorite game was to race back and forth from one end of the rugs to the other ; sometimes he would poke his nose under the edge of a rug and wriggle in between the rug and the floor until he was simply a hump in the middle of it , like a dumpling . It was well Miss Mary always knew where he was , or he might have been stepped on some fine evening . But he was feeling altogether too lively for any such amusement as that , this cold night . It was one of those dry , cold , clear evenings when you feel like running races , or snowballing , and pussy was as full of life and go as even a cat could be . So he had a little Wild West Show all by himself , with the rugs for tanbark , and went so fast that he looked like a long black-and-white fur streak on the bright Persian rugs . Now , if you walk and jump about on a heavy carpet for a few minutes , on a cool night , you may find that if you touch your fingers to anything iron you will get an electric spark . So when pussy had raced about for fifteen or twenty minutes on the rugs , he was , though he did not know it , one capering little battery of electricity . Then he jumped up on the bed and began to race over the blankets . He was going so fast that he could not stop quite quick enough , and the bedstead was iron . He came up against the foot of it before he could stop , and though he did not touch it , he got an electric spark right on the end of his nose ! If you have ever had a little shock from an electric machine , and can imagine how it would have felt on the tip of your nose , you will have no doubt that pussy was shocked . He backed off very slowly , considering . His topaz eyes got bigger and brighter , and his back higher and higher , and his tail plumier and plumier , every minute . His fur stood out in all directions , and he lifted his paws and set them down most carefully . He backed , and he backed , until he came up against the pillows , and then he turned around and realized that there was another iron thing behind him . Was that bewitched , too ? At any rate , he would be cautious this time and see what happened . He sat and looked at it for some seconds . Then he reached out a paw very deliberately and daintily — and got another spark on the tip of that ! You see , he had come all the way across the woolen blankets , and made electricity at every step . Then he gave it up . He hopped off the bed in a panic and fled down the stairs . He came up again after awhile , and curled up on his usual cushion to go to sleep , but he was a very much puzzled cat , and there is no doubt that pussy was shocked . OUR LESSON .— For April 19 . PREPARED BY MARGUERITE COOK . Title .— The Cost of Discipleship .— Luke 14 : 25-35 . Golden Text .— Whosoever shall lose his life for my sake shall find it .— Matt . 16 : 25 . Golden Text for Beginners .— Be ye kind one to another .— Eph . 4 : 32 . Truth .— If we would belong to Jesus , we must deny ourselves . 1 . Jesus spoke to a great crowd that followed him and told them that if they wanted to be his disciples they must love him better than all else in the world . Illustration 2 . He said if they would be his disciples they must be willing to take up their cross and follow him . Illustration 3 . He meant that they must be willing to do hard things for his sake . 4 . He said if a man wanted to build a tower he would first see if he had money enough to build it all . Illustration 5 . If the man began to build and could not finish it people would laugh at him . 6 . Jesus wanted to teach them that they should be patient and finish whatever they began . 7 . If we want to be friends of Jesus we must love him best of all and obey his words , no matter how hard we may find it to do so . 8 . The love of Jesus in our heart helps us to be good and makes it easy for us to obey him and do hard things for his sake . 9 . Salt is useful to keep food good and to make it taste pleasant to us . Illustration 10 . If the salt loses its taste and strength it is useless and is thrown out . 11 . So it is with our love for Jesus ; if it is not strong and true it will be of no use to us or anyone else . 12 . The true love of Jesus in our hearts grows stronger day by day and makes us useful and helpful to those around us . QUESTIONS . What is the Golden Text ? What is the Truth ? 1 . What did Jesus tell the people they must do if they wanted to be his disciples ? 2 . If they would be his disciples what must they be willing to do ? 3 . What did he mean by this ? 4 . If a man wanted to build a tower what would he first do ? 5 . When would the people laugh ? 6 . What did Jesus want to teach them ? 7 . If we want to be friends of Jesus what must we do ? 8 . What does the love of Jesus in our hearts do ? 9 . Of what use is salt ? 10 . When is salt thrown out ? 11 . When is our love for Jesus of no use to us or anyone else ? 12 . What does the true love of Jesus in our hearts do ? LESSON HYMN . Tune .— “ Jesus loves me , this I know , ” omitting chorus ( E flat ) . Jesus said , “ Come , follow me , And my true disciples be ; Give up all that leads astray , Walk beside me day by day . ” Title of Lesson for April 26 . The Lost Sheep and the Lost Coin .— Luke 15 : 1-10 . Golden Text for April 26 . There is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth .— Luke 15 : 10 . Beginners Golden Text for April 26 . God is love .— 1 John 4 : 8 . Knowledge Box How Trees Know Their Birthdays . Willard wondered how old the pretty graceful maple that grew outside his window was . “ I do n't know exactly , ” said mother , “ five or six years I should think . But the maple has the story of each birthday shut up safe inside its trunk . If the tree should blow down , or we should ever cut it down we could tell how many years it had lived . “ Each year a layer of soft green wood grows right next to the bark , and when winter comes this wood hardens until it is like the other wood . So when the tree is cut down we see in rings of wood the number of years it has been growing . ” — Zelia Margaret Walters . Advice to Boys and Girls Hanging Out Signs . Grace had a sprained ankle when the new little girl moved next door . One afternoon a week later mother came in to tell Grace that the new little girl had come over for a visit . “ I 'm glad , ” said Grace . “ Please bring her up , mother , I like her . ” “ Why , ” said mother , “ you 've never seen her . ” “ Yes , but I could hear her every day from my window , ” said Grace . “ I heard her talk to her little brother , and she 's so kind and jolly , and she never says mean things to the dog , and when her mother calls , she says , ‘ yes , mother , ’ just as pleasant , and runs right away to see what she wants . She 's always singing , too . I know she 's nice . ” “ So little June has been hanging out signs telling just what she was though you have n't seen her , ” said mother with a smile . “ I hope my daughter is putting out as good signs both for those who hear her , and those who see her . ” What kind of signs are you hanging out , boys and girls ? You are putting out some kind all the time . What would the next-door neighbor think of you if she only heard what you said to mother , and little brother , and the pets ? Would she know you were kind , or would she think you were cross ? Or suppose your neighbor were deaf , and could only see what you did . Would she read the sign of smiles on your face , or the sign of frowns ? Would she see prompt obedience , and cheerful work , or lagging footsteps , and the shirking of tasks ? Look over your signs to-day , and see if you are hanging out pleasant ones so that people will be sure you are nice . — Jane West . Entered at the Post Office at Elgin , Ill ., as Second Class Mail Matter . Price of Dew Drops .— In lots of five or more , to one address , 20 cents per copy per year , or 5-1 / 2 cents per copy per quarter . Address , DAVID C. COOK PUBLISHING CO ., ELGIN , ILL .