The American Missionary OCTOBER , 1894 . VOL . XLVIII . NO . 10 . CONTENTS EDITORIAL . ANNUAL MEETING , 345 LOWELL , 346 FINANCIAL STATEMENT , 347 CAPITAL AND LABOR , 348 THE ALASKA MISSION , 349 DEATH OF HON . A. C. BARSTOW AND OF REV . GEO . S. SMITH , 350 THE SOUTH . THE WALDENSES AT VALDESE , N. C ., 351 NOTES FROM THE MOUNTAINS , 354 “ NOLICHUCKY JACK 'S ” DESCENDANTS , 355 PROMISING OPENINGS FOR SCHOOL AND CHURCH , 356 SOUTHERN FIELD NOTES , 357 CAPPAHOSIC 'S SIXTH COMMENCEMENT , 359 PRAYERFUL AND INDUSTRIOUS FAMILY , 361 A VISIT TO UNCLE TOM 'S CABIN , 362 THE INDIANS . MISSION SERVICES AT TWO KETTLE VILLAGE , 363 INDIAN MISSION COLLECTIONS , 366 THE CHINESE . THE PRESENT DISTRESS , 366 BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . ANNUAL MEETING — A FEW WORDS TO BOYS , 368 WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS , 371 RECEIPTS , 373 NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION , Bible House , Ninth St. and Fourth Ave ., New York . Price , 50 Cents a Year , in advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York , N. Y ., as second-class matter . American Missionary Association . PRESIDENT , MERRILL E. GATES , LL. D ., MASS . Vice-Presidents . Rev . F. A . NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. Rev . A. J. F . BEHRENDS , D. D ., N. Y. Rev . ALEX . McKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . Rev . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . Rev . HENRY A. STIMSON , D. D ., N. Y . Corresponding Secretaries . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Rev . A. F . BEARD , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Rev . F. P . WOODBURY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Assistant Corresponding Secretary . Rev . C. J . RYDER , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Recording Secretary . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Treasurer . H. W . HUBBARD , Esq ., Bible House , N. Y . Auditors . PETER McCARTEE . RICHARD S. BARNES . Executive Committee . CHARLES L. MEAD , Chairman . CHARLES A . HULL , Secretary . For Three Years . CHARLES A . HULL , ADDISON P. FOSTER , ALBERT J. LYMAN , NEHEMIAH BOYNTON , A. J. F . BEHRENDS . For Two Years . SAMUEL HOLMES , SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , WILLIAM H. STRONG , ELIJAH HORR . For One Year . WILLIAM HAYES WARD , JAMES W. COOPER , LUCIEN C. WARNER , JOSEPH H. TWICHELL , CHARLES P. PEIRCE . District Secretaries . REV . GEO . H. GUTTERSON , 21 Cong'l House , Boston , Mass . Rev . JOS . E. ROY , D. D ., 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill. Rev . W. E. C . WRIGHT , D. D ., Cong'l Rooms , Y. M. C. A . Building , Cleveland , Ohio . Secretary of Woman 's Bureau . Miss D. E . EMERSON , Bible House , N. Y. COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office ; letters relating to the finances , to the Treasurer ; letters relating to woman 's work , to the Secretary of the Woman 's Bureau . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post office orders , may be sent to H. W . Hubbard , Treasurer , Bible House , New York , or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill ., or Congregational Rooms , Y. M. C. A . Building , Cleveland , Ohio . A payment of thirty dollars constitutes a Life Member . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS .— The date on the “ address label , ” indicates the time to which the subscription is paid . Changes are made in date on label to the 10th of each month . If payment of subscription be made afterward , the change on the label will appear a month later . Please send early notice of change in post-office address , giving the former address and the new Address , in order that our periodicals , and occasional papers may be correctly mailed . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I GIVE AND BEQUEATH , the sum of —— dollars , to the ‘ American Missionary Association , ’ incorporated by act of the Legislature of the State of New York . ” The Will should be attested by three witnesses . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . VOL . XLVIII . OCTOBER , 1894 . No . 10 American Missionary Association . ANNUAL MEETING . Our annual meeting at Lowell , Mass ., October 23d to 25th , promises to be an occasion of great interest . A large proportion of the addresses will be from missionaries . The work throughout the year has been greatly blessed , despite the difficulties it has had to meet from lack of adequate means . The meeting opens at three o'clock , Tuesday afternoon , and the annual sermon will be given by Rev . Charles H. Richards , D. D ., of Philadelphia , in the evening , followed by the communion service . ARRANGEMENTS FOR OUR ANNUAL MEETING . A partial and tentative programme of our Annual Meeting has been prepared . Times are provided for open discussion or the “ free parliament . ” But it is deemed necessary to secure some able writers and speakers to prepare reports and deliver addresses on special and important topics . We are happy to announce that at this writing a number such have promised attendance . Among these we may name the President of the Association , Merrill E. Gates , LL. D ., President of Amherst College ; Rev . Chas . M. Lamson , D. D ., Hartford , Conn .; Rev . DeW . S. Clark , Salem , Mass . ; Rev . Dr. McKenzie , of Boston ; Dr. Lyman Abbott , of New York ; Hon . Frederick Douglass , of Washington ; and his Excellency , Governor Greenhalge , of Massachusetts . Some others have been invited from whom favorable answers are expected . A marked feature of this meeting will be the unusual number of missionaries and workers from the field , who will give living pictures of things as they are . Following the happy precedent of other years , each of the co-operative Congregational societies will be represented by a speaker chosen by itself . These addresses will be brief , and will manifest the feelings of harmony and comity existing between these societies . The meeting promises to be an interesting and valuable one . The topics discussed are of vital importance to the work , and the addresses will be worthy of the topics . Lowell is accessible , and its welcome will be cordial . LOWELL . The city of Lowell has long enjoyed a national , even world-wide reputation , as the leading center for the manufacture of cotton fabrics . And , while this industry offers employment to something like 25 , 000 men , women and children , there are also enterprises in great variety that do not use cotton fibre in any way , yet find work for ten to fifteen thousand more toilers . The principal corporations are the Lawrence , Tremont and Suffolk , Merrimack , Boott , Massachusetts , Hamilton and Appleton , beside the Middlesex , where shawls are made , and the carpet mills , where the famous Lowell carpets are woven . While the city is a veritable beehive of industry , yet the people find time for recreation , and have wisely provided breathing places in different parts of the city , where they can recuperate mind and body . The prominent pleasure resorts are Fort Hill park , the North and South commons , Park Garden , the boulevard — extending three miles along the bank of the Merrimack River — and Lakeview , an attractive watering-place some five miles out from the center . This latter place is reached by means of the Lowell and Suburban Street Railway , an electric line , which also connects the neighboring villages of North Chelmsford , Dracut , North Billerica and Chelmsford Center . A ride to any one of these places costs but twenty cents for the round trip , and the Lakeview line is especially interesting at its terminal . The city 's moral and educational interests are also well provided for , as evidenced by the following : 30 churches , 47 primary schools , 10 grammar and 1 high school , besides a training school for teachers , and a manual training-school for boys ; also a prospective State normal school . We also have three or four hospitals , an old ladies ’ home , and a home for young women and children . The police protection consists of a chief , his deputies , captains and sergeants , and about one hundred patrolmen . The fire system of the city is excelled by none in the country , and is well worthy a careful inspection . Lowell is not favored with a great many pretentious edifices on her public streets , but the most prominent are the new City Hall , High School , Memorial Building , State Armory , St. Anne 's Church and the Federal Building . The city is already furnished with a thorough water system , but , desiring a better quality of water than that taken from the Merrimack River , she has had a large number of artesian wells driven , and they now furnish about 3 , 000 , 000 gallons of water per day . All the principal streets are well lighted by electric lamps , and the residential portion by gas . The Merrimack River affords a means of enjoying aquatic sports , there being rowing boats , canoes , sail boats and steamers in abundance . Two very enchanting spots up the river are Tyng 's Island and Harmony Grove , and if one desire a longer trip by water he may ride to Nashua , N. H ., by steamer or other boat . The population of Lowell is probably about 80 , 000 , and excepting in specially hard times there are few persons to be found in want of a situation . These are only a few of Lowell 's salient points , but enough is here given to convey to the visitor a very fair idea of the city 's make-up . FINANCIAL STATEMENT . We wish to present to the friends of the American Missionary Association a full statement of its financial affairs , its debt , its retrenchments ; its still greater debt and the still greater retrenchments that will be inevitable unless during the coming year its receipts can be greatly increased . It is not our aim to make a startling cry for transient relief , but for a steady increase of receipts to remove debt and insure the stability of the work . At the close of our last fiscal year , September 30th , 1893 , we reported a debt of $ 45 , 028. 11 . In that year we received aid from the Government for Indian work . During the eleven months of this year we have received no aid from the Government , but our receipts from other sources have increased over those of last year , and we have cut down our expenditures , so that if we had received the Government aid as last year our debt on the eleven months of the current year would be only $ 5 , 409. 80 , but with that loss the actual indebtedness of these eleven months is $ 23 , 937. 10 , which added to that of the last year makes the total debt August 31st $ 68 , 965. 21 . From present indications we can hardly hope for any material reduction of this amount during the current month , and hence the prospect is that this sum must be reported at our annual meeting . A grave contingency confronts us as we enter ( October 1st ) on the new year . Our great work , which has lifted thousands of young men and women from ignorance and poverty into hopeful and useful lives , and which has brought cheer and help to multitudes of homes where poverty has reigned , must be carried forward ; and our debt , which has hung as a weight upon this work , must be wiped out . A constantly increasing debt must be avoided at any cost . The next six or eight months ( the harvest months for collections ) must decide the question . If pastors of churches will lay the matter to heart and secure regular and increased collections , and if benevolent friends of these struggling races will bear them in remembrance by special contributions , an uplift of hope and help will be given where now they are threatened with discouragement in their great conflict with poverty , ignorance and race prejudice . CAPITAL AND LABOR . Capital and labor are twin brothers , but they have been alienated almost from childhood , and the strife between them waxes warmer and warmer , and , like all other vexed questions , will never be settled till it is settled right . There are various forms of these troubles — now in the coal mines , now on the railroads , and now in the shops — but there are aspects of the struggle which put on national traits and overthrow empires . The French Revolution was a struggle between capital and labor . The capitalists were the aristocracy , and they monopolized also intelligence and power . With these advantages they ground down labor till patience was changed to implacable rage , and the reaction brought forth the most serious and terrible massacres recorded in history . Our great civil war of 1861-65 developed one aspect of the conflict between capital and labor . The slaveholders were the capitalists , and with them also were the intelligence and power . These levers were used to crush down the laborer into the severest form of slavery known among men . Labor was patient , but large sympathy was developed in the North in favor of the slave . This alone would not have brought on the war . Southern capitalists gloried in their power , and , accustomed to absolute domination over their slaves , assumed the same attitude of superiority over their fellow-citizens of the North . They ruled in Congress , dominated over the press and the pulpit , and , ambitious to extend their dominion , demanded larger territory for the extension of the slave system . When this was refused , they set up an independent standard and brought on the war . The end was disastrous to the South . The capitalists were well-nigh ruined and the slaves were set free . On this same plain , growing out of the embers of that same conflict , another and almost as threatening a struggle is rising up before us . The white race in the South still largely controls capital , intelligence and power , and these forces are again used to hinder the impoverished laborer . The white man holds office , from which the black man is excluded , who is denied opportunities and privileges which crush his manhood . The contest is again unequal , and the outcome must take one of two forms . Either the oppressed laborer will rise in rebellion — and whatever may be the ultimate result the conflict will be dreadful — or , on the other hand , the laborer , denied education , a comfortable home and a chance to accumulate property , will sink into an utterly hopeless degradation , a curse to himself and to the whole South . What is the remedy for all this ? There is a remedy , and if applied promptly may save the nation from either of the catastrophes we have named , and that is : Give the black man a chance to acquire property , education and power equal to his white neighbor , and the elements of the struggle are gone . This is the work the American Missionary Association is attempting to do . It meddles not with theories , or parties , but aims quietly to give the needed help to the Negro . OUR ALASKA MISSION . Letters received from Rev . Dr. Sheldon Jackson and Mr. Lopp give us the gratifying assurance that the mission is by this time opened under favorable auspices . Dr. Jackson found on reaching Alaska that Mr. Lopp had visited the mission at Cape Prince of Wales this spring and discovered that the buildings , furniture and supplies were in good condition . Mr. Lopp , in response to our request , has consented to return to the Cape and re-open the mission . He greatly regrets that an ordained minister was not sent , and expresses the earnest hope that another season this necessary addition will be made , but he consents to return and do the best he can . He has little fear of violence from the natives , finding them completely intimidated by the threats of the captain of the revenue cutter “ Bear . ” The experiment of introducing the reindeer into Alaska is thus far very encouraging . Mr. Lopp has had a herd under his care at Port Clarence , and although the winter has been unusually severe one hundred and fifty fawns were added to the herd . The Government has promised to our mission at Cape Prince of Wales this season one hundred reindeer , and Mr. Lopp , with adequate help , will have the care of them . The ultimate success of this experiment with reindeer in Alaska is one of great promise . It indicates a food and clothing supply for the natives , with increased facilities for transportation , thus laying the foundation for growth in population and in civilization . It will be remembered that of the three men connected with the horrible murder of Mr. Thornton , two were at once arrested by the natives and shot . The third , Titalk , who was the leader , escaped for the time . Mr. Lopp thus describes his death : “ After the ‘ Bear ’ had left for the South , Titalk came back to the cape , and his uncle , Te-ed-loo-na led him up on the hillside near the grave of Mr. Thornton , and asked him how he should put him to death , strangle him , stab him or shoot him . The boy preferred to be shot , so he commanded him to hold his head down and then shot him . ” Mr. Lopp furnishes another evidence of the disposition on the part of the leading natives to guard the interests and property of the mission : “ On one occasion during the winter Chief Eliguok heard that a boy had broken into the school-house , and he announced his intention to kill the boy , but upon investigation it was found to be a false report . ” We trust that in the good providence of God , this mission will be made prosperous and be greatly enlarged , that its missionaries will be preserved in safety , that the natives will become more orderly , that the influence of the school and mission may bring to them peaceable fruits of civilization and Christianity . HON . A. C. BARSTOW . We record our tribute of sorrow at the death of Hon . A. C. Barstow , which occurred September 5th . He was for many years intimately and usefully connected with the growth and prosperity of the city of Providence , R. I ., which was his home and where he died . He was a man of wide sympathies in Christian and patriotic work , having held responsible offices in his native State , and was connected with other public movements , like that of the Board of Indian Commissioners , of which for a time he was president . He was a devoted Christian man , active in the church of which he was a member , and deeply interested in the missionary and benevolent boards of the Congregational churches . He was for a long time a vice-president of our Association . REV . GEORGE S. SMITH . “ Servant of God , well done ! Rest from thy loved employ ! The battle fought , the victory won , Enter thy Master 's joy ! ” This may be fittingly said of Rev . G. S . Smith , who for thirteen years was pastor of the Congregational Church at Raleigh and McLeansville , N. C ., and who entered into rest on the 12th of last August . Memorial services were held on the 26th of August in the church where he had long and faithfully conducted the worship of his people . Addresses were made by those who had been intimately associated with him in his work , which testified to the earnestness and success of his ministry . The best proof of his work is to be seen in the intelligence and virtue of the community in which he labored . Our field missionary in a recent visit speaks in this way : “ It is very rare to find colored people under such discipline and so orderly and intelligent in meetings . The faces of the old people are sunny and sweet , they are so attentive and appreciative and so responsive . The young people were at the meeting in large numbers . It will give you an uplift from your work to spend a day or two with the people of this place in meetings such as they now hold . ” THE SOUTH . THE WALDENSES AT VALDESE , N. C . SECRETARY C. J . RYDER . This new field of work , which was reported for the first time at our annual meeting last year , is one of unique and especial interest . Two years ago the steamship Kaiser Wilhelm arrived in New York with one hundred and sixty-six Waldenses among her steerage passengers . These people came from the Piedmont valley and mountain regions of Italy . Their purpose in coming to America was to establish for themselves homes in our own mountain region of the South . This little company that came down from the deck of the Kaiser Wilhelm were the pioneers in the establishment of their colonies in this new land . They were rather the Pilgrim Fathers of this Waldensean movement . Before the actual colonists had come , Rev . Chas . A. Tron , D. D ., pastor of the Waldensean Church , and member of the Board of Evangelization in Italy , had been to the mountain regions of North Carolina , and after careful investigation had purchased a tract of land for these Waldensean colonists . Soon after the coming of these Waldenses , correspondence was opened with them by the American Missionary Association . The colony was to be planted in the midst of our great mountain field , and we had every confidence that the coming of these conscientious and devoted Christian colonists would be of real helpfulness in our work there . Rev . C. M . Prochet , D. D ., whose name is well known to the readers of this magazine , and to the Christian public generally , came to look after the interests of the Waldensean colony not long after their first settlement . In conference with Drs . Tron and Prochet , and after learning thoroughly the condition of their colony , an appropriation was voted by the Executive Committee to assist them in the beginning of their work , as they were in great need of such help . These Waldenses have begun their settlement in America in a wise and sensible way . Let us notice their business-like arrangement before speaking of the interesting educational and religious work which has developed among them with the assistance of the Association . They have purchased five thousand acres of land . In dividing this land , they first set aside a portion for a church and manse , together with a small farm for the use of the pastor . Then they set aside a good , commodious site for the school-house . After this a considerable portion of the land , three thousand five hundred acres in extent , is divided into farms of fifty acres each . In addition to this first company who came on the Kaiser Wilhelm , others have come at various times until there is a considerable colony there . These people are poor . They come from the splendid stock of Waldenses who have been so potent a factor in freeing thousands in France and Italy from the degrading superstitions of Romanism . As all our readers know , the Waldenses have stood for religious freedom from first to last The fibre of their character has been tested through many a conflict . Dr. Edward Everett Hale , who told the story of the Waldensean heroism and devotion in the beautiful legend “ In His Name , ” brings out the noble features of their character in soft , yet bright colors . It is most fitting that our Congregational churches through the Association should welcome this new colony and extend to them the right hand of Christian fellowship . This they have done . As soon as the colony was established and the people were felling the forests and building their humble homes , they applied to us for assistance for the support of the pastor and teacher . The colonists themselves made large sacrifices , and only asked us to assist them in the support of their religious and educational leaders . Rev . Enrico Vinay , a native of Italy , was their first pastor . Mr. M. A . Jahier , was selected as their teacher . Mr. Jahier , together with Dr. Tron , was in conference with us in New York , and the simple , Christian character and progressive educational ideas of the Waldensean teacher charmed and impressed us all . He went into the field and opened a school and Sunday-school at Valdese , as the colonists call their mountain village . The Rev . Enrico Vinay remained with the people for nearly a year , being in regular correspondence with the officers of this Association . He was then called to another field , and Rev . B. Soulier was chosen as their pastor . Mr. Soulier is also a native of Italy . He is a thoroughly educated young man , and speaks English readily . He was educated in his own school in Italy , and completed a course at Edinburgh University in Scotland . His work is proving most successful . Such is the interesting and providential beginning of our work in conjunction with these Waldenses in this field . We have this new problem upon our hearts and treasury . Who can say that God has not led us into this work , and opened this opportunity for helpful and sympathetic co-operation with these earnest Christian people who have settled in our southern mountains ? In the reports which have been regularly received from this field , very many items of great interest have been recorded . The Waldenses , above everything else , are Christian patriots . They love the fatherland and they love also America , the land of their adoption . In one of the reports from Mr. Jahier , the following interesting information is given : “ Sunday , June 24th , I preached to a good and attentive congregation . I had the Sunday-school at half past eight and the preaching at ten in the morning , and prayer-meeting at four in the afternoon . At this last service I went to a farm called Baziglia . It is named for a place in one of the valleys of Piedmont — a place which is noted as a fortress during the persecutions of the Waldensean Church . It was the refuge of the Waldenseans when they reconquered their native country after their exile in Switzerland , Germany , etc ., and in memory of that famous place , two or three families gave to their farms the same name . The Fourth of July was celebrated here at the school-house . There were forty-four children . I spoke to them of the independence of the United States of America , its founders , its Declaration of Independence , etc . For July and August it is impossible to have the day school ; it is too hot , but I will continue the night school , D. V ., at least for two or three nights a week . The Sunday-school will go on as usual — no vacation for the Sabbath school . ” The old fortress of Baziglia witnessed many heroic efforts of the early Waldenses , both in defense and attack . The name is very dear to the children of the earlier heroes , who have established Valdese in this land , and so named some of their farms and homes Baziglia . The glimpse given us in the quotation above , of the life in this Waldensean colony , is an impressive picture and a most hopeful prophecy . These Waldenses can not prove “ dangerous foreigners ” who come to our shores with earnest Christian plans and purposes , and read the Declaration of Independence to their children on their first Fourth of July in America ! Photographs of the buildings at Valdese were recently sent to our office . Among others was one of the manse and one of the school-house . These two buildings are of especial interest to our constituency , because we help the pastor and teacher . Over the school-house in which our pupils gather was floating the stars and stripes . These earnest people who celebrate the Fourth of July , who read publicly our Declaration of Independence , who plant the stars and stripes on the top of their school building , are the kind of foreigners that we need , and they certainly merit our most cordial assistance in the beginning of their life in our land . In church polity the Waldensean Church differs slightly from our Congregational sisterhood . The local church is independent in the direction of its affairs . They have a “ Board of Evangelization ” which has supervision of their churches . Dr. Tron , a member of this board and president of the American branch , has properly great influence with the local church . The Waldensean Church naturally looks to Dr. Tron and Dr. Prochet for counsel and direction . This church at Valdese recognizes itself as in fellowship with our great Congregational body , and especially with the local churches of North Carolina . This new and interesting field has opened more and more largely during the past year , as additional colonists have come to our shores . Despite the financial embarrassment of our treasury , we rejoice that we have been able to assist these brave and patriotic Christian people in establishing themselves in this mountain region of the South . We believe the opportunity of assistful co-operation with them is one that God has opened to us . We have every confidence that the descendants of Pilgrims and Puritans will rejoice in the privilege of assisting those in whose hearts there is the same passionate desire for religious freedom , and who are the children of equally heroic stock . NOTES FROM THE MOUNTAINS . BY MISSIONARY WALTON . In one of my visits to a neglected home I found a little orphan boy of ten years whom I invited to our mission Sunday-school , and he seemed pleased to know he had a friend . I had told them , during my visits , of our little Sunday-school , and as I was leaving I gave him a little Sunday-school card with a beautiful verse of scripture and asked him if he could read , whereupon , he answered , “ No ; ” then I asked his foster-mother if she would teach him the text — she promised , as by this time she too was getting interested . I left them seemingly glad for the little time I had spent with them in their home . Some time after this I was going down town , moving briskly along , when a small boy came plump up against me , saying , “ Hello , mister ! do n't you know me ? You 're the Sunday-school man which was to our house . I know you . ” “ O yes , I know you now , ” and I said , “ tell me about yourself . ” “ I have been to Sunday-school four Sundays , and have a nice teacher , and enjoy going very much ; we are in a little class and have lesson-picture papers , and I like it so much I want to go every Sunday and all the time . I know a boy who does not go to Sunday-school , and he has promised to go with me next Sunday . ” Saturday evening , June 2d , it was my privilege to meet with the Mossy Grove Christian Endeavor Society . About forty-five young people were present and took a hearty part in the meeting — quite a number joined in prayer during the twenty minutes ’ prayer service . This service was all the more interesting because a work of our planting , and from a very small beginning has grown and is full of Christian earnestness . This was the home of the “ unfortunate man ” I had found as I went through the mountains . It was my privilege to look into that man 's face and note the change that had come to him . In the Sunday-school I was teacher of his class . He seemed interested in the lesson and showed evidence of being a changed man . As I preached of the “ sprinkled blood ” he somehow appreciated all the more how he had been rescued . In the house-to-house work among this people I found many encouraging results and think our work there will develop until we have a church organization . In one county I found a number of people off by themselves in a little nook of a valley , but not over two miles from Sunday-school and church , yet not attending . As I went into their homes and talked about their opportunities and duties , many promises were given that the future would find them more active for themselves and children . One man who had not been in Sunday-school for four years made a humble confession , and pledged that he would go to work . He spoke of his early life with its Christian activities , and now when he has a family he has neglected to take them and go to the house of God . So many men are waiting for somebody to lead them to their duty — they see it and know it — but have not moral courage to go forward unless encouraged in some special way . On Children 's Day I was in Pleasant View , and am sure if our Northern friends could have looked in and have seen the bright , happy children that were engaged in their first Children 's Day service they would have been encouraged and rejoiced . Of course the service was far from perfect , but while this was true they were having a new experience . I had told them about Children 's Day , and urged them to use our order of exercises , which they did , but the songs and recitations were too hard for most of them ; yet , as I saw the real effort and interest , I could not restrain the “ well done . ” But this was not all ; I was again to be surprised when the names were called and the “ little envelopes ” presented with their “ little Children 's Day offering . ” They were happy in the thought of doing something for the good people who had aided them . They are very poor people and cannot do much , but a great change has come over them since I first found them . Our Christian Endeavor meeting that day was one of profit and help to all . One little boy about ten years old led in prayer . During the month there have been two hopeful conversions and many evidences of spiritual strengthening and growth . On the other hand , hundreds are waiting for some one to help them “ while the water is troubled . ” In all the meetings of the month there has been a marked evidence of spiritual interest . “ NOLICHUCKY JACK 'S ” DESCENDANTS . REV . JOS . E. ROY , D. D . After I had preached recently at Naperville , Ill ., Sunday morning , upon our mountain work , using the big map , a couple of ladies came forward and introduced themselves as descendants of John Sevier , the Huguenot “ commonwealth builder ” in the mountains of Tennessee , the hero of King 's Mountain , as I had represented him to be . One of the ladies was Mrs. Knickerbocker , her husband being one of the most respected citizens of that place — his own stock being that indicated by his name . She is now , as she has been for many years , the lady principal of the college in that town connected with the Evangelical Association Church . Her mother was a Sevier and her father , Rev . John Cunningham , a Presbyterian minister from Jonesboro , East Tennessee , who came early to Illinois to get away from slavery , and who served acceptably that Congregational Church of Naperville . She was a granddaughter of John Sevier . The other descendant was Miss Sevier , a great-great-granddaughter , a cultivated young lady , who was a teacher in a college in Ohio . It was at least a noticeable coincidence that out here upon these western prairies two of those worthy representatives should confront the preacher , who found his response to be , “ Well , I did n't say anything bad about John Sevier , did I ? ” What a grand coalescing of blood was that which in the gathering of our nation brought Knickerbocker and Huguenot , Scotch , Irish and English and Germans , with congenial Danes and Swedes , into our people 's life . It was also a bond of union , North and South , too strong to be separated by civil strife . It is an element in the make-up of the South that will ever be a conservative force in behalf of theology , of law and order , of Puritan institutions . PROMISING OPENINGS FOR SCHOOL AND CHURCH . FROM A MOUNTAIN MISSIONARY . I write to acquaint you with the facts concerning Columbus , N. C ., both as regards church and school work . You are already aware of the good work accomplished there by our Brother Olinger . Something like thirty young people were converted through his efforts , and now the call comes for the organization of a church . The only church organization there has monthly meetings only and a minister uneducated . The County Commissioners have signified their willingness to turn over the upper room in the Court House for church purposes , until some other arrangement could be made . The most active person in the new enterprise is a member of another denomination , but is in favor of a Congregational church , as it would most likely meet the wants of new-comers of different churches . As regards the school matter , I understand that a friend proffers to give to any church or individual who will establish and maintain a college an excellent site of ten acres , on a prominence affording a beautiful view of the surrounding country ; and it is further reported that he will give , in addition to the site , one thousand dollars . Columbus is situated in a very thickly populated section of the country , and Mr. Stearns , of Cleveland , Ohio , has erected two school buildings suitable for primary work , and already has employed two Congregational teachers at his own expense . The results obtained after two years ’ work are marvelous , thus showing that the mountaineers are extremely anxious to obtain an education ; and in proportion to the increase of facilities for so doing , the results would increase . SOUTHERN FIELD NOTES . BY REV . GEORGE W. MOORE . Three thousand people were present at the Commencement exercises of LeMoyne Institute , Memphis . That vast audience paying an admission fee on an inclement evening to attend the closing-exercises gives evidence of the strong hold LeMoyne Institute has on the people . The essays and orations were thoughtful addresses on the practical questions of the day . The meeting of the alumni association evinced the high regard in which Professor Steele and his corps of teachers are held by the graduates . The association expressed their intention to aid Professor Steele to sustain departments of the industrial work that had to be given up on account of hard times . An amusing and interesting incident , which illustrates the struggles of many of the parents to educate their children as well as their faith in God , occurred at the alumni dinner of Fisk University , Nashville , Tenn. At the close of the Commencement , Rev . H. H . Holloway , of Turin , Ga ., the father of one of the graduates , was called upon for an after-dinner speech . Mr. Holloway told of a letter he received from President Cravath when he felt compelled , owing to the hard times , to have his son John , who had been in the University only four months , return home . Mr. Holloway , being unable to decipher the president 's writing ( the president 's chirography resembles that of the late Horace Greeley — ED .) , asked a Southern minister of his village to read it . The minister read the letter , and advised him not to waste his son 's time with a college course ; this did not prove good logic to Mr. Holloway , as he observed that this minister 's son was taking a college course of study without wasting his time . We will let Mr. Holloway tell the rest of the story of the letter and his prayer in his own words : “ Not being satisfied with the minister 's advice I went that night down into the woods and knelt beside a hickory-tree , with the letter spread out , and prayed as follows : ‘ Lord here is a letter from Dr. Cravath ; I suppose you know him . Here is his letter which I cannot read , but I am told that you can read as well in the dark as you can in the light . Dr. Cravath says for me to do all I can for my son , and look to you for the balance . Now I cannot do anything for my son ; if he is to be aided you must do all , for one thing is certain I have no money ; you have left none with me , and I do not know with whom you have left it . Now , dear Lord , I leave this whole matter with you . In your own way and time do for my son what seems best . I cannot do anything . I ask it all for Jesus ’ sake . Amen . ’ I repeated about the same prayer the following night , and then left it all with the Lord . In about two weeks I received a letter from my son stating that some one had put two hundred and fifty dollars in the bank at Nashville to his account to aid him through college . I considered it the direct answer to my prayer . This is the proudest day of my life to see my son John graduate from Fisk University . May the blessing of God rest upon it and upon the Association which founded and fosters it . ” There was an unusual number of the parents of the graduates at this Commencement . Some of the addresses and scenes recalled the words of the aged Simeon when our Lord was presented in the temple . There were fathers and mothers who at great sacrifice had come from Alabama , Georgia , Kentucky , Missouri and other States to see this famous school and witness the graduating exercises of their children . They spoke out of hearts full of gratitude to their Northern friends for making it possible for their children to fit themselves for their life-work in the schools of the American Missionary Association . An ordination service of special interest was held at Atlanta , Ga ., in July , when Mr. H. H . Proctor was ordained to the gospel ministry as pastor of the First Church . He is twenty-five years old , one of “ Uncle Tom 's ” sons , and is a graduate of Fisk University and Yale Divinity School . This was the first ordination held in this church , and the first Negro pastor to serve it , as all the former pastors were Northern men . Already all departments of the church have taken on new life , and the future is full of hope . This is one of our largest and most influential churches of the South , and starts out auspiciously with Pastor Proctor , as a self-supporting church . The Second Church of Memphis , Tenn ., which has been self-supporting for a number of years , reports a year of prosperity under its new pastor , Rev . George V. Clark . The building has been renovated , and over fifty persons added to the church . The church at Chattanooga , Tenn ., with Rev . Jos . E. Smith as pastor , has made heroic struggles during these hard times as a self-supporting plant . At times the struggle has seemed greater than they could bear , but in the midst of all they have been cheered and sustained by the Lord . The new parsonage at Marietta , Ga ., gives Pastor Lane a pleasant home . Our church at this point is near the Kenesaw Mountains , where Sherman shouted to his soldiers , “ Hold the fort , for I am coming . ” The people at Louisville were glad to have the field missionary expound our New Testament polity to them at the second anniversary of the dedication of their chapel . Pastor Harris has some earnest workers in his church . Dr. Whedbee , the superintendent of the Sunday-school and the president of the Christian Endeavor , is a graduate from Howard University . He has an excellent practice , and is a devoted Christian worker . I must close these notes with an example of church work that shows what can be done in our Southern field when pastors and people have a wise direction and a mind to work . I find the following record in the minutes of the Tennessee Association for 1893 . “ Nashville , Howard Chapel . The church is not prosperous . Services have been discontinued . An effort , however , is to be made to revive and develop the life and power of the church . ” This effort took form in the appointment by the Association of Rev . J. E . Moorland , of Washington , D. C ., as pastor last October . The appointment was made for ten months , with a view of continuance if the work proved fruitful . What has been the result of these ten months just ended ? The church has been revived , its membership increased to seventy-five , congregations large and growing , a nourishing Sunday-school and mission school , two preaching services on the Lord 's day , and a vigorous Y. P. S. C. E . ; a wide-awake mid-week service , a woman 's missionary society , and a sewing-school for girls . The church edifice has been renovated at a cost of three hundred dollars , and a parsonage is being erected . For intelligence , Christian character and progressive work , this church is considered the best among colored people in the city . CAPPAHOSIC 'S SIXTH COMMENCEMENT . BY DEACON SAMUEL HOLMES . May 31st was a proud day for Gloucester County , Va ., for not only was Hon . Frederick Douglass to give the annual address , but the new dormitory called “ Douglass Hall ” was to be used for the first time . With only the roof on and but partially covered , still the lower story had been temporarily floored and seated so that a thousand persons could be accommodated . Although the previous twenty-four hours had been dark and rainy the crowd had been gathering all the time — many of whom accompanied the Holly Grove Brass Band in early morning to escort Mr. Douglass and other visitors from the river to the school building . After breakfast the school went on with its regular forenoon work , interesting the visitors , who also inspected the barn , the workshops and farm . By noon the campus and vicinity was a wonderful sight , while the outskirts reminded one of an old-fashioned general training in Connecticut , with its booths and tables . An official count of teams on the campus as reported to me was , 357 horse , 7 mule teams , and 1 ox team . Many of these had driven fifty or sixty miles , and generally carrying the fodder behind or tied under the wagons . There were from 1 , 500 to 2 , 000 people on the grounds and vicinity . At 1 : 30 p. m ., after a well prepared lunch for the trustees and invited guests , they were escorted by the school , headed by the band , to the new hall , which was soon filled to its utmost capacity . With excellent music by the school and band , followed by prayer , came not the least important part of the programme , the collection and pledges towards completing the building . Including the admission fee of twenty-five cents from outsiders , the money raised was over three hundred dollars , besides over eight hundred dollars in good pledges , of which two hundred and fifty dollars were from Mr. Douglass and his relatives present . Then followed an address on “ Self Help , ” by a young man graduate , and another by a young woman on “ A New Picture , ” contrasting the present surroundings with the time when she first entered the school in its beginnings under Mr. Weaver , in a small log-house with one door and two windows . These addresses would have done credit to many older institutions . Mr. Douglass then followed with his incomparable lecture on “ Self-Made Men . ” One could but feel in seeing his magnificent physique and his manly bearing as he proceeded , that he was a most notable example of his subject , while to report his lecture , with its impromptu sallies of wit and wisdom , would be almost impossible . He instanced many men as illustrations and especially interested his audience with stories of personal interviews with Lincoln , Seward , Greeley , Stanton , Grant and others during and after the war . But most thrilling was the story of a slave boy and his following him from his early years , his learning to read and write , his conversion and desire to become a preacher , praying for three or four years , every morning , noon and night , that God would set him free , and how that his prayers were not answered till he prayed with his heels . At about seventeen years he ran away , reaching Massachusetts , where he publicly told his story , till , hearing that the slave catchers were after him , he fled to England , where he lectured till his English friends purchased him from his late master for $ 750 , when he returned to his native land and worked in the anti-slavery cause till by the war every bondman was free . He has since served his country as U. S. Minister to Hayti , U. S . Marshal at Washington , and in other positions of trust , and also tried to serve his race to the best of his ability . It needed not that he should further identify himself , but if so he could do it by the scars on his back and the “ bill of sale ” of himself in his pocket . Mr. Douglass believed most heartily in Cappahosic , and has two very efficient granddaughters there , one at the head of the culinary department , and the other as teacher . Short addresses followed by Rev , Mr. Spiller , of Hampton , Va ., Mr. Lewis Douglass , and the editor of the Afro-American , Rev . M. Alexander , of Baltimore , Md . The writer told of , and is glad here to bear witness to , the noble , self-denying labors of Mr. and Mrs. Weaver and their corps of teachers and scholars during these struggling years , as also to the growing and earnest help of the people around them in sustaining the school to so large a degree . They appreciate most highly the fostering care and help of this Association , and hope that within a few years they may be able to take the entire pecuniary burdens upon themselves . Mr. Holmes told of the breaking of the ground for the new building last winter , under very trying difficulties , with little to draw upon but their oft-proved Bank of Faith and Prayer , and of Mr. Weaver 's coming North for help , and his return , telling his wife he hardly ever felt so discouraged . She handed him a letter which came in his absence . On opening it , he exclaimed , “ Bless the Lord ! here is a check for $ 250 . ” Reading the letter , he shouted , “ Praise the Lord ! it is $ 2 , 500 , ” and he has been praising Him ever since and praying for more , for he needs about twice as much to complete and furnish the building , which is 70x46 feet , and three stories high . The people of Gloucester and adjacent counties have taken about a dozen rooms to finish and furnish at a cost of $ 50 to $ 100 each , and yet there will be many more wanted by the boys for the coming winter . All the work , including the plans and supervision , has been done by colored men , assisted quite largely by the boys of the school . Who will supplement the magnificent gift of Mrs . Powers of Philadelphia by small or large amounts ? A PRAYERFUL AND INDUSTRIOUS FAMILY . One of our deacons is the father and grandfather of a large number of people among whom he lives , and by whom he is greatly honored . He and his aged wife , who is good as can be , like himself , toil for their living all the week , and walk six miles Sunday morning to church . Sometimes she fails , for she is not quite so strong as her husband , but he is seldom absent . One of his sons-in-law , who has himself a son in Talladega College , is the most prompt and regular attendant the church has , and he comes the same six miles . These are not only faithful in church attendance , but are also to be counted among the truest of upright , honest , pure , industrious people . Between twenty and twenty-five years ago , when they did not have homes of their own , they rented of a man , who , like Shylock , would hold them close to their bargain . One year the “ destroyer ” came , and crops were short everywhere . When the day was at hand for the landlord to come with his wagons for his share of the crop , they were greatly distressed . Acting upon the advice of a Christian woman , who was among them as their first teacher , they observed a day of rigid fasting and earnest prayer . “ They were heard in that they feared . ” The dreaded day arrived ; the man came with his wagons . In fear and trembling they turned everything over to him , but to their surprise he kindly said that he knew it had been a bad year . His crops , also , had been ruined . He loaded up a little , but left them enough for seed another year , and something to live on besides , and drove most of his wagons home empty . For twenty-one or twenty-two years on the anniversary of that fast day all work has stopped , and a fast as rigid as the first , with special religious services , has been kept , and on June 21st a day of thanksgiving . On the first , which is in February , they ask for God 's special blessing on the seed about to be planted , and on the work of their hands for the year , and on the day in June they praise the Lord for what prosperity they have enjoyed in the past . It was my privilege to attend both of these anniversaries this year . I found the people earnest , intelligent and strictly moral . These people appreciate the American Missionary Association and her work in their behalf . It would be long before they could themselves sustain such institutions as the Association has placed among them , but they are disposed to do so as rapidly as they become able . A VISIT TO UNCLE TOM 'S CABIN . BY J. W . HOLLOWAY , OF TURIN , GA . ( Graduate of Class of 1894 , Fisk University , Nashville , Tenn .) On a hillside near a turnpike , Just a mile or so from town , In a double room log-cabin , Lives a hero of renown . There beneath a shady maple , Summer evenings warm and fair , You may find my swarthy hero Calmly smoking , in his chair . You 've heard of Uncle Tom , most likely , And his old log-cabin , too ; But for fear you 've nothing recent , I proceed to enlighten you . “ Ah ! ” say you , “ I 've heard the story As it 's told by Mrs. Stowe , That old man is dead and buried , Must be years and years ago . ” Prithee , check your swift conclusion , What you say can scarce be so , For I know that this one 's living That I saw two hours ago . Old and gray , and slightly stooping , Black as ebony in hue , He 's a type of times departed , Tho ’ he still survives the new , Talks as if he owned a quarry , Where they hew out slabs of gold , Tho ’ to-day he gathered berries , Which he took to town and sold . Never was a hinder hostess Than his old wife , Mary Ann , And her baking is delightful ( To a very hungry man ) . Thither went I in the gloaming , For a night with Uncle Tom ; In the yard we “ took it easy ” Till the supper time was come . In a home-made crib beside him Cooed a yearling partly dressed ; ‘ Round his chair a dirty dozen Whooped and yelled like all possessed . “ Lord a ’ mercy ! Here 's de teacher ! Chil'en run and fetch a chair ; ‘ Fo ’ you come back dress yourselves , An ’ git the keards and com ’ yer hair . ” Sweeping over , children scattered , Dogs and cats sent to the rear , Uncle Tom , his pipe resuming , Once more settled in his chair . “ I laid off to come to see ye During o ’ de week dat 's passed ; Must be scorin ’ de chil'en heavy , Kase dey 're learnin ’ pow'ful fast . I believe in edication When you teach it wid a pole ; Den you make ‘ im wise but humble , Ruin his back out save his soul . “ Some folks b'lieve in pettiu ’ chil'en ; But I 've raised enough to know , Sho 's you spare de rod you spile ‘ em . Do n't the Good Book tell you so ? ” “ Yes ; but Uncle Tom , ” I quoted , “ Love will win where force will fail ; Men are honest made by trusting In their honor ” — “ Dat 's a tale ; “ Never ketch me trustin ’ people , Do dey 're deacons in de church ; Folks dat trust in human nature Allus git left in the lurch . Der 's some migh'y funny things put up In dese packages called men , And good folks do mighty bad things Sometimes , jest bekase dey kin . ” “ Mr . Teacher , come to supper , ” ( And the chimney piece struck nine ) “ After dat we 'll drive to meetin ’ , ‘ Viding you are of de min ’ . Tell me you are Congregationan ; First I ever heard de name ; Must be like de Presbyter'an — Name sounds very much de same . ” An the simple meal proceeded , Quickened by the savory food , Uncle Tom , from cynic terseness , Fell into a happier mood . “ I was overseer in slave time , And a mean un , so dey say , Strapped Ma ’ Ann so much , ha ! ha ! She married me to git away . “ In dem times we done some talkin ’ , But this writin ’ business — shaw ! I have seen de time , I tell ye , I could talk a lady so She would pull her fan to pieces Barely answering ‘ Yes ’ or ‘ No . ’ ” Then I talked while he sat silent , Gave a lecture broad and deep ; Hark ! what sounds from the dim corner ? Ah ! my host has fallen asleep . Asleep ! And his slumber is that of contentment , Dreaming and smiling o'er memories fond . Asleep ! And he slumbers in ignorance blissful Of the great busy world his cabin beyond . How small is the light that illumines his pathway , And his noonday how like to the darkness of night ; Yet he keeps in the beam directing his footsteps , So must his intent be accounted for right . I would not , I dare not , sit in Judgment upon thee , Tho ’ the light on thy path be less bright than on mine , But rather come to the fulness of duty In my life as thou hast so well done in thine . THE INDIANS . MISSION SERVICES AT TWO KETTLE VILLAGE . BY MISS M. M. LICKORISH . The church at Two Kettle Village on the Cheyenne was dedicated May 19th . I was delighted to receive an invitation from Mr. Riggs to accompany the party from Oahe . We crossed the Missouri River in a boat , and on the other side took the carriage that had to be sent around by Pierre , an extra distance of thirty-two miles , in order to cross on the bridge . Doctor and Mr. Frederick Riggs , from Santee , now joined us , and the day being pleasant , the prairie covered with the wild flowers so abundant here , we had a most delightful drive . About one o'clock we met missionaries and delegates from all parts of the Indian field at a place previously agreed upon , and there spent a most agreeable hour in social chat , and discussing the contents of our lunch boxes . A ride over the prairie is an excellent appetizer , and missionaries so exiled most of the time from all but a few of their own race , find these occasional meetings most pleasant , but having a long ride still before us , and a river to ford before dark , we were soon again on our way . About sundown we came in sight of the memorial church . It is situated on a little hill , and facing the Cheyenne River , and a lovely , picturesque valley , rendered more attractive just now by the numerous Indian tents scattered singly or in groups over the grass near the river . Just before our party reached the ford , two of our missionaries , Mrs. Griffiths and Miss Dodge , were driving across , and the river being very high , the horse stumbled into a hole , but some Indians watching them from the bank went quickly to their assistance . They were soon taken ashore in another conveyance , but not before getting thoroughly drenched and gaining the admiration of the Indians for their courage . Reaching the camping-ground tired and hungry , it was pleasant to find a large new tent , made and erected by the Indian women , for the use of the white women of our party . Mr. Riggs 's larger one , near by , was used by the men . The tents were all the round kind , used by Indians , with poles projecting from the top , and an opening left for the smoke of our little fire in the center , for the cool evenings made a fire very desirable . The opening for a door is a little more than three feet high . The wife of the native pastor , Mrs. Phelps , had an abundant and appetizing supper ready for us . Our white ladies could but express their admiration for the composure and quiet dignity with which this Indian woman , who could not speak or understand English , entertertained , from Saturday until Monday , about thirty-five white people and natives at her table , and in a house of one room . She was a Martha we might emulate in this , for though careful for the needs and comfort of all , even the group of Indian women and children , whom she fed sitting on the floor in one corner of the room , while her table was surrounded by her most honored guests , she never seemed troubled and anxious , and received offered help quietly , never letting her extra duties keep her from the meetings . Before we spread our blanket beds in the tent , the women brought us dry grass to make them more comfortable , and we were all invited into the house each evening for worship before retiring . On Sunday morning early we gathered in the neat little white chapel , made bright with numerous bouquets of wild flowers from the prairie . The grave of Elizabeth Winyan , that noble Indian woman whose life was spent in earnest missionary work among her own people , is near by , and the church is a fitting memorial . The Indians came from far and near , and filled the church till some had to sit on the floor for lack of seats , but this they did not mind , for , judging by the long hair and Dakota dress , we know many were but little used to the customs of civilized life . The dedicatory prayer was offered by Doctor Riggs , and then followed the examination of two candidates for the ministry — Edwin Phelps , the son of Elizabeth Winyan , and her nephew , Elias Gilbert . The services and examinations were all in the Dakota language , but the intense interest and earnestness of the audience , as well as of those taking part , made them very impressive , even to those who hearing could not understand . After a short intermission for dinner the council convened , and Dr. Riggs , acting as interpreter , so all might understand , the examination was concluded , and the two men who have been working so acceptably for the Master for some time were ordained to the Christian ministry , and received the right hand of fellowship , extended by Rev . C. F . Reed , of Pierre . Then followed the double wedding of two couples , who wished the sanction of Christian marriage to unions entered into according to the customs of their people in the past , but which are rapidly passing away before the enlightenment of the present . Several children were then brought forward for baptism , and the sacred promises of Christian training were made by parents who desire much for their children , but who are so unfit to lead , knowing but dimly the way themselves . Oh , that we might gather more into Christian schools , that intelligent as well as earnest Christians may be the leaders among these people in the future . Seven members were received into the church , and then we gathered a happy Christian congregation of two races , but one spirit , around the table of our Lord . It was a fitting ending to the delightful , helpful services of the day . But a little later , there was still another meeting in the evening that will not soon be forgotten by those who were present . After the sun went down , in the long twilight that lingers so late here , the women gathered in a large circle on the green grass for a women 's meeting . There were about forty women present , including those who formed a row outside , who wore the Dakota costume , and wished only to see and hear from outside , and come in at last to the feast . The meeting was led by Mrs. T. L . Riggs ; portions of Scripture were read , prayers offered , and remarks made by the Dakota women . All entered heartily into the singing , which , like all the services , was in Dakota . Then each of the white women present spoke a few words of kindness and encouragement to the women , and their remarks were interpreted by Mrs. Riggs . After the close of this meeting the men were escorted to the center of the circle , and soup , which had been preparing in numerous kettles near by , was served to all . We were glad to sit in the circle with those Indian mothers and speak to them of their children , our love for them , and how we were trying to help them . One could not be in such a typical gathering of Indians without noting the intelligent faces and strength of character depicted in them . One is continually surprised , not at the depravity of this people , but with their many good traits , and the progress they are making in the face of so many obstacles . On Monday morning the council listened to reports from the field , and then adjourned . We were now soon on our way home . About sundown we reached the river opposite Oahe , but it was very much swollen and rapid . While we sat on the bank and ate supper from what remained in our provision boxes , we saw the young man who was to bring a boat across for us , struggling against the current . As he seemed unable to cross , we began preparations for spending the night there under the clear sky , but at last he succeeded in crossing in a little boat , and by much hard work and skillful rowing , taking two each time , Mr. T. L . Riggs was able before midnight to land most of us on the other side in safety , though the swift current and much driftwood made this somewhat hazardous . The rest made themselves as comfortable as possible without tents , and came over in the morning . INDIAN MISSION COLLECTIONS . Not long ago a collection for benevolent purposes was taken among the Indians in the church at Fort Berthold . Supt . Hall , of the American Missionary Association , writes the following : “ The collection amounts to $ 15. 02 , and will be increased by out-stations . There were about twenty Indians in the congregation , and as all were not there a messenger was sent to have another collection taken in the evening at the meeting at Deacon Many Bears ’ house . Our people are always ready to give what they can . The boys and girls of the school , thirty-eight in number , all took a hand , giving of their allowances or earnings . Little lame Bertha wrote her name down for eleven cents , which was the ‘ widow 's mite ’ with her . The names of some of the Indian contributors are : Red Fox , Strieby Horn , Little Eagle , Andrew Crow , Fighting Bear , Mrs. Two Bears , Mrs . Rough Horn , Mrs. Jack Rabbit and Louisa Crow Tail . “ The Sunday was a cold one , ten degrees below zero , and some of our leading members were camping out on their way with food supply from Minot , sixty miles north over a trackless waste of snow . One Monday morning Andrew Crow came in on horseback , with the result of the previous evening 's contribution . We get little change here , so we put down the amount to be given on paper , and settle the account as we can by exchanges or work . We do not have many unpaid subscriptions . ” Such facts as these abundantly prove that our Indian Christians are realizing the responsibility upon them to assist with their means in these great missionary movements . If all the churches in the land would give according to their ability as generously as did this Indian church on the prairie , not one of our benevolent societies would need suffer . THE CHINESE . “ THE PRESENT DISTRESS . ” BY REV . W. C. POND , D. D . It is everywhere , and if in our little corner we feel the first impulse to murmur , we hear , forthwith , from the great apostle : “ There hath no trial taken you but such as is common to man . ” And yet the trial is none the less severe , the distress is none the less intense , because it is universal . It may be that “ misery likes company , ” though I could never see why , but in this instance I can truly say , would that we suffered alone ! I foresaw almost six months ago that the universal stringency would bring us an empty treasury long before the close of our fiscal year . It seemed due in justice to our workers to forewarn them of this . I told them that I would do my best for them , but that for the months of June , July and August this might amount to nothing ; that I was not allowed , and ought not to be , to use the resources of the new year to meet any deficits from the old one , and that I was under solemn pledge to one of our chief benefactors never to let the mission run in debt . Consequently I could not and would not blame them if they ceased work and closed the schools . I am proud to say that not one teacher was found to accept my proposal . One of them wrote : “ I am very sorry you are so short of funds . I feel sure that ‘ In some way or other , The Lord will provide . ’ At any rate I shall not join the strikers , but keep right on . ” Another said : “ Whatever stops , the work must not stop ; pay or no pay , I shall keep up the school . ” Gin Foo King wrote from San Bernardino , with a sort of lofty contempt of the unbelief that could stop work for lack of pay : “ God will take care of us ; why should we fear ? ” Joe Dun , the latest addition to our force of helpers , and one from whose work for Christ I expect glad fruitage right along , replied to my message of deep regret that I could forward no salary to him for June services : “ You need not send money ; I have rice . ” Rice with water to boil it in , is good enough , some think , for any Chinaman . Perhaps it is . At any rate Joe Dun thinks that if that is all God gives it must be all he needs . Nevertheless our helpers , especially in the beginnings of service , must work the brain hard , and ought to have brain nutriment . And unless I can send something to him now , even his rice will fail . What is thus expressed by some in words has been expressed in acts by all . It is a great relief to know that the work is going on , and at some points better than ever at this season of the year . It is a relief to know that there are no broken promises , and no accumulation of debt , involved in my failure to remit . But for this , the distress would be intolerable ; the trial greater than I could possibly bear . But when I bring up the case of some of our most faithful and successful workers , and realize the fact , which I know to be a fact , that they are dependent on the little salaries they are wont to receive from me for very subsistence , my forewarning passes out of remembrance , and the whole burden rolls down upon my heart . God knows what he is doing , and I cast my care upon him and rest . But it seems to me that from somewhere the few hundreds of dollars — not more than $ 500 needed in addition to what I have reason already to hope for — must come . Whenever it has been possible I have thrown the responsibility of sustaining the missions upon the localities in which they are situated . And in many cases this responsibility has been assumed with a cheerfulness and a generosity , considering the times , which has been greatly encouraging to me . And I cannot but hope that herein will be found one of the compensations for our anxiety and pain — a deeper and more general interest on the part of Christian people in this branch of the service of their Lord . One of the teachers , giving an account of a meeting which she held in the interest of her mission , anticipates such a result and says : “ I feel sure that my hard , lonesome times are over , and that after this I shall have more help and sympathy . Is n't it wonderful how doing a hard duty will sometimes straighten out so many tangles ? ” I venture to close this little sketch of hard heartwork with another quotation from this same teacher : “ I sympathize with you in not being able to pay us teachers as you would like to do when you know how we work . But do n't worry any more over me , for I shall manage splendidly ( as I always do ?) . I guess you feel a good deal worse over it than we teachers do . Sacrifice is in order for missionaries and preachers , but we get pay that the world knows not of — rewards as much above money as heaven is above earth . ” BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . MISS D. E . EMERSON , SECRETARY . ANNUAL MEETING . The Woman 's Meeting will be held on Thursday afternoon , October 25th , as one of the regular sessions of the American Missionary Association Annual Meeting , at Lowell , Mass . The programme will include reports from the State Unions , and missionary addresses by Miss Kate La Grange , from the mountains of Tennessee ; Miss Mary P. Lord , associate of Miss Collins in the Indian work ; and missionaries from the South . We hope for a large attendance from ladies ’ and young people 's societies . Do not limit your attendance to this woman 's day . Come to the opening meeting Tuesday , and attend all the sessions . The secretary of the Woman 's Bureau will have a room at the church for a rallying point , where the ladies and missionaries can meet for mutual acquaintance and information . Notice of entertainment and railroad rates will be found on last page of cover . A FEW WORDS TO BOYS . The American Missionary Association needs the help of every boy . Send to the Bible House , New York , for leaflets that will tell what the American Missionary Association is , and what it is trying to do , especially for the Indians . Read the following letter , by Miss Mary P. Lord , our missionary among the Sioux Indians , and let us know what you will do to help teach Indian boys how to become good men : Dear Boys : No doubt you are already interested in Indians , from stories you have read of them . And perhaps you think they are very strange people , quite unlike white people . In some ways they are . But if you could come out here to our little Indian village ( Little Eagle Village it is called ) , on the Standing Rock Reservation in Dakota , I think you would very soon be playing with the Indian boys just as merrily as you do now with your boy friends at home . Perhaps Ben Black Dog would show you some of the little gumbo images that he made when the mud was soft , and then it grew dry and hard , as the clay does that some of you use in school ; and perhaps he would show you how he makes his life-like horses and riders , and buffaloes , and dogs , and all the rest . One day I saw some boys playing with their gumbo figures , and heard one of the boys say “ akicita , ” which is the Dakota word for “ soldier ” ; so I suppose little Indian boys “ play soldier , ” too ! Then every Indian boy from the time he is a baby has his pony . One ten-year-old boy was telling me the other day what good care he tried to take of his pony , and I was very glad he thought about it , and knew that his “ Charlie ” ought to be well cared for . All the boys like to ride , but sometimes they forget that their ponies ought to be kindly treated , and to have proper food and rest . Indian boys have their favorite games , too , just as white boys do , only their games are different . One is throwing long , slender sticks , which they make in a certain way ; but in order to know just how they make and throw them , you may have to come and see them do it . I am afraid I cannot tell you . And they like to run , and jump , and play together very much as you do , only ( shall I say it ?) I think they are more quiet in their playing than many white boys I have seen and heard . They are not all alike any more than white boys are . Some are naturally very bright and quick to think and to act , and others not as much so . Some of the boys and men are diligent and hard workers , while others are lazy . Some like to study , and others like better to play . A large new Government boarding-school has been lately built in our little village for the Dakota boys and girls . One very cold day , a boy , perhaps fourteen years old , came walking fifteen miles , without overcoat or mittens , and alone , to ask if he might be received as a pupil in the new school . I think he must be one of the boys who likes to study , and who wants to learn . Such boys get ahead . Some Indian boys are naturally very gentle in their manner , and although their clothing may be ragged and dirty , and the homes in which they live are not nearly so bright and attractive as perhaps your father 's stable is , yet these boys appear as gentlemanly as if accustomed to the little courtesies of the parlor in civilized life . One verse in the Bible says : “ As he thinketh in his heart , so is he , ” and I think it is the gentle thoughts in the hearts of these Indian boys that make some of them so truly gentlemen , notwithstanding their surroundings and lack of training . Some things that they say and do are very funny . After one of our village boys had been to the new boarding-school two or three weeks , he came to our house one day of an errand . While he waited , he said to Winona ( that is Miss Collins ) “ Do you sleep on a bed the way we do at school ? ” She told him that she did , and then he said : “ A long time ago , when I was little and not very wise , I used to come here to your house , and I always thought you slept on that table [ the dining-table ] but , now I am beginning to see clearly . ” The same ten-year-old friend gave me a lesson one day in digging potatoes . And another time when he had ridden the pony Bessie to drink at the river , his younger brother came to the house with him . The two are as devoted brothers as any that I know , and when I reached out Ben 's pay toward him , he motioned me to give it to Daniel instead . Very likely it was shared afterward , but at least I thought it showed a generous spirit of brotherly love . Fourth of July and Christmas are great days here as well as among our white friends in the East . This year I had the pleasure of attending two Christmas-tree celebrations . The first was at our little church Christmas evening . The house was full , some of the boys and young men being obliged to sit on the edge of the little platform and on the floor , and everybody seemed happy . The next evening I drove about six miles , to the Oak Creek Station , to share in the festivities at Cross Bear 's house . There , too , they had a tree , and a Santa Claus dressed up in a big , shaggy , fur coat , a very tall hat decorated with Indian designs , and in his hand he carried a stout staff on which he leaned , as if he felt the burden of many winters . He was just as funny as your Santa Claus , as he stood bowing and bowing , and making his little speech . Indians like to have a good time all together , whether it is Fourth of July , or Christmas , or a prayer-meeting , or a feast . And we are very thankful that now they enjoy meeting in these ways , instead of having the old-time heathen dances . We are thankful that when we speak of Indians now , we do not mean a race of people who are only waiting for a chance to scalp us . They are our friends , as we are theirs . God has been revealed to them , and they are coming out of their heathen darkness into His light , and they are learning how to live purer and better lives , to think new thoughts , and to be Christian men instead of heathen savages . We who have always known of God , and heard His word , must help them “ in His name . ” Think , dear boys , if there is anything that you can do . WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . MAINE . WOMAN 'S AID TO A. M. A . State Committee — Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , Woodfords ; Mrs. A. T. Burbank , Yarmouth ; Mrs. Helen Quimby , Bangor . NEW HAMPSHIRE . FEMALE CENT INSTITUTION AND HOME MISS . UNION . President — Mrs. Joseph B. Walker , Concord . Secretary — Mrs. John T. Perry , Exeter . Treasurer — Miss Annie A. McFarland , Concord . VERMONT . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. H . Babbitt , W. Brattleboro . Secretary — Mrs. M. K . Paine , Windsor . Treasurer — Mrs. Wm . P. Fairbanks , St. Johnsbury . MASS . AND R. I . [ 1 ] WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. C. L . Goodell , Boston Highlands , Mass . Secretary — Miss Anna A. Pickens , 32 Congregational House , Boston . Treasurer — Miss Sarah K. Burgess , 32 Congregational House , Boston . CONNECTICUT . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss Ellen R. Camp , 9 Camp St ., New Britain . Secretary — Mrs. C. T . Millard , 36 Lewis St ., Hartford . Treasurer — Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , 19 Spring St ., Hartford . NEW YORK . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Wm . Kincaid , 483 Green Ave ., Brooklyn . Secretary — Mrs. Wm . Spalding , 511 Orange St ., Syracuse . Treasurer — Mrs. J. J. Pearsall , 230 Macon St ., Brooklyn . NEW JERSEY . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION OF THE N. J. ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. A. H. Bradford , Montclair . Secret'y — Mrs. Wm . O. Weeden , Upper Montclair . Treasurer — Mrs. J. H . Dennison , 150 Belleville Ave ., Newark . PENNSYLVANIA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. H. Claflin , 191 Franklin St ., Allegheny . Secretary — Mrs. C. F . Yennee , Ridgway . Treasurer — Mrs. T. W . Jones , 211 Woodland Terrace , Philadelphia . OHIO . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. G. W . Cowles , 417 Sibley St ., Cleveland . Secretary — Mrs. Flora K. Regal , Oberlin . Treasurer — Mrs. G. B . Brown , 2116 Warren St ., Toledo . INDIANA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. W. A . Bell , 221 Christian Ave , Indianapolis . Secretary — Mrs. W. E . Mossman , Fort Wayne . Treasurer — Mrs. F. E . Dewhurst , 28 Christian Ave ., Indianapolis . ILLINOIS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Isaac Claflin , Lombard . Secretary — Mrs. C. H . Taintor , 151 Washington St ., Chicago . Treasurer — Mrs. L. A. Field , Wilmette . IOWA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. T. O . Douglass , Grinnell . Secretary — Mrs. V. H . Mullett , Clinton . Treasurer — Miss Belle L. Bentley , 300 Court Ave , Des Moines . MICHIGAN . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. George M. Lane , 179 West Alexandrine Ave ., Detroit . Secretary — Mrs. J. H . Hatfield , 301 Elm Street , Kalamazoo . Treasurer — Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Greenville . WISCONSIN . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. E. G . Updike , Madison . Secretary — Mrs. A. O . Wright , Madison . Treasurer — Mrs. C. M . Blackman , Whitewater . MINNESOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss Katherine W. Nichols , 230 East Ninth Street , St. Paul . Secretary — Mrs. C. F . Fullerton , 3016 Harriet Ave ., Minneapolis . Treasurer — Mrs. M. W . Skinner , Northfield . NORTH DAKOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. W. P . Cleveland , Caledonia . Secretary — Mrs. Silas Daggett , Harwood . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M . Fisher , Fargo . SOUTH DAKOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. H. Robbins , Bowdle . Secretary — Mrs. W. H . Thrall , Huron . Treasurer — Mrs. F. H . Wilcox , Huron . NEBRASKA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. T . Duryea , 2402 Cass Street , Omaha . Secretary — Mrs. S. C. Dean , 636 31st Street , Omaha . Treasurer — Mrs. G. J . Powell , 30th & Ohio Sts ., Omaha . MONTANA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. O. C . Clark , Missoula . Secretary — Mrs. W. S . Bell , 410 Dearborn Ave ., Helena . Treasurer — Mrs. Herbert E. Jones , Livingston . MISSOURI . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Henry Hopkins , 916 Holmes St ., Kansas City . Secretary — Mrs. E. C . Ellis , 2456 Tracy Ave ., Kansas City . Treasurer — Mrs. K. L . Mills , 1525 Wabash Ave ., Kansas City . KANSAS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. F. E . Storrs , Topeka . Secretary — Mrs. George L. Epps , Topeka . Treasurer — Mrs. D. D . DeLong , Arkansas City . OREGON . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. John Summerville , 108 Second Street , Portland . Secretary — Mrs. George Brownell , Oregon City . Treasurer — Mrs. W. D . Palmer , 546 Third St ., Portland . WASHINGTON . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. A. J . Bailey , 323 Blanchard St ., Seattle . Secretary — Mrs. W. C. Wheeler , 434 South K St ., Tacoma . Treasurer — Mrs. J. W . George , 630 Fourth St ., Seattle . CALIFORNIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY . President — Mrs. E. S . Williams , Pacific Grove . Secretary — Mrs. L. M . Howard , 911 Grove St ., Oakland . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M . Havens , 1329 Harrison St ., Oakland . NEVADA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. L. J . Flint , Reno . Secretary — Miss Margaret N. Magill , Reno . Treasurer — Miss Mary Clow , Reno . INDIAN TERRITORY . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. John McCarthy , Vinita . Secretary — Mrs. Fayette Hurd , Vinita . Treasurer — Mrs. R. M . Swain , Vinita . MEW MEXICO . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. E . Winslow , Albuquerque . Secretary — Mrs. E. W . Lewis , 301 So . Edith St ., Albuquerque . Treasurer — Mrs. A. W . Jones , Albuquerque . LOUISIANA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss Bella Hume , corner Gasquet and Liberty Sts ., New Orleans . Secretary — Miss Matilda Cabr è re , New Orleans . Treasurer — Mrs. C. S . Shattuck , Welsh . MISSISSIPPI . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. L . Harris , 1421 31st Avenue , Meridian . Secretary — Miss Edith M. Hall , Tougaloo Univ ., Tougaloo . Treasurer — Mrs. L. H . Turner , 3012 12th Street , Meridian . ALABAMA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. W . Andrews , Talladega . Secretary — Mrs. T. N . Chase , Selma . Treasurer — Mrs. H. S . DeForest , Talladega . FLORIDA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. S. F . Gale , Jacksonville . Secretary — Mrs. Nathan Barrows , Winter Park . Treasurer — Mrs. W. D . Brown , Interlachen . TENNESSEE , KENTUCKY AND ARKANSAS . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION OF THE TENNESSEE ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. G. W . Moore , Box 8 , Fisk Univ ., Nashville . Secretary — Mrs. Jos . E. Smith , 304 Gilmer Street , Chattanooga . Treasurer — Mrs. J. E . Moreland , 1214 Grundy St ., Nashville . COLORADO . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. W . Pickett , White Water . Secretary — Mrs. Chas . Westley , Denver . Treasurer — Mrs S. A. Sawyer , Boulder . WYOMING . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. G. S . Ricker , Cheyenne . Secretary — Mrs. W. C. Whipple , Cheyenne . Treasurer — Mrs. H. N . Smith , Rock Springs . OKLAHOMA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. H . Parker , Kingfisher . Secretary — Mrs. L. E . Kimball , Guthrie . Treasurer — Mrs. L. S . Childs , Choctaw City . UTAH , ( Including Southern Idaho ) . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Clarence T. Brown , Salt Lake City , Utah . Secretary — Mrs. W. S . Hawkes , 135 Sixth St ., E ., Salt Lake City , Utah . Treasurer — Mrs. Dana W. Bartlett , Salt Lake City , Utah . Secretary for Idaho — Mrs. Oscar Sonnenkalb , Pocatello , Idaho . NORTH CAROLINA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. W . Freeman , Dudley . Secretary and Treasurer — Miss A. E . Farrington , High Point . TEXAS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. M . Wendelkin , Dallas . Secretary — Mrs. H. Burt , Lock Box 563 , Dallas . Treasurer — Mrs. C. I . Scofield , Dallas . GEORGIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. B . Wey , 253 Forest Ave ., Atlanta . Secretary — Mrs. H. A . Kellam , Atlanta . Treasurer — Miss Virginia Holmes , Barnesville . SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Emma Cash , 1710 Temple St , Los Angeles . Secretary — Mrs. H. K. W . Bent , Box 443 , Pasadena . Treasurer — Mrs. Mary M. Smith , Public Library , Riverside . For the purpose of exact information , we note that while the W. H. M. A . appears in this list as a State body for Mass . and R. I ., it has certain auxiliaries elsewhere . RECEIPTS FOR AUGUST , 1894 . THE DANIEL HAND FUND . For the Education of Colored People . Income for August ...$ 4 , 197. 35 Previously acknowledged ... 45 , 942. 35 $ 50 , 139. 70 ========== CURRENT MAINE , $ 355. 13 . Alfred . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Bangor . Gertrude H. Denio , Treas ., Women 's Indian Ass'n , for Hospital , Fort Yates , N. D. ... 50. 00 Brewer . First Cong . Ch . ... 19. 50 Portland . State St. Cong . Ch ., 150 ; St. Lawrence St. Cong . Ch ., 10 ... 160. 00 Warren . Second Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 $ 249. 50 ESTATES . Andover . Estate of Huldah E. Poor , by Frederick F. Hall , Executor ... 5. 63 Cumberland Center . Estate Mrs. Mary E. M. Rideout , by Silas M. Rideout ... 100. 00 $ 355. 13 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 3 , 270. 66 . Acworth . Cong . Ch . ... 7. 03 Bath . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 12. 40 Boscawen . Sarah E. Allen ... 1. 00 Concord . “ Friend . ” ... 5. 00 Derry . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., to const . JOHN FOLSOM L. M . ... 33. 68 Hanover . “ Susie 's Birthday Gift , ” Aug. 19 ... 5. 00 Hanover Center . Y. P. S. C. E ., by Anna R. Foss , Treas ., for Building Douglas Hall , Cappahosic , Va. ... 5. 29 Hopkinton . Cong . Ch . ... 14. 00 Keene . Prim . Dept . Second Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Children 's Miss'y , McIntosh , Ga. ... 5. 00 Lyme . Cong . Ch . ... 38. 00 Milford . Mrs. Lovell Harris , deceased ... 3 , 000. 00 Nelson . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Pembroke . First Cong . Ch . ... 33. 44 Peterboro . Union Evan . Ch . ... 16. 34 Portsmouth . North Cong . Ch . ... 84. 48 VERMONT , $ 252. 24 . Barton . Cong . Ch . ... 63. 51 Charlotte . Cong . Ch . ... 17. 00 Chester . Mrs. M. S . Piper ... 5. 00 Derby . Cong . Ch . ... 5. 00 Dummerston . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 11. 00 Essex . A. A. Slater ... 1. 00 Ludlow . Cong . Ch ., 9. 60 ; Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., 5 ... 14. 60 Norwich . Cong . Ch . ... 15. 00 Rochester . First Cong . Ch . ... 14. 46 Roxbury . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 13. 52 Saint Johnsbury . Mrs. E. D . Blodgett , 25 ; Mrs. T. M . Howard , 25 ... 50. 00 Saint Johnsbury . “ Friends , ” for Central Ch ., New Orleans ... 8. 00 Townshend . Miss Ellen Ballard ... 20. 00 Vershire . Cong . Ch . ... 4. 15 West Randolph . “ A Friend ” ... 10. 00 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 2 , 837. 23 . Amherst . Cong . Ch . ... 20. 00 Ashfield . H. Taylor and Family ... 6. 00 Ashland . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 15. 00 Berkley . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 21. 00 Boston . Miss Cornelia Warren ... 100. 00 Walnut Av . Cong . Ch . ... 86. 10 Dorchester . Second Ch . ... 25. 00 ——— 211. 10 Bradford . First Cong . Ch . ... 23. 48 Braytonville . “ Earnest Workers , ” by Eliza M. Harrison , for Needy Student Girl , Dorchester Acad . ... 5. 00 Brimfield . Mrs. P. C . Browning , 12 ; Mrs. J. S . Webber , 2 ; Cong . Ch ., 13. 95 ... 27. 95 Cohasset . Mrs. R. W . Sankey ... 50. 00 Curtisville . Cong . Ch . ... 28. 00 Curtisville . “ A Friend , ” by Miss Jennie Curtis , for McIntosh , Ga. ... 5. 00 Dalton . Mrs. Louisa F. Crane , 100 ; Miss Clara L. Crane , 75 , for Girls ’ Ind'l Cottage , Tougaloo U . ... 175. 00 Easthampton . First Cong . Ch . ... 63. 72 Easthampton . Y. P. S. C. E . First Cong . Ch ., for Tougaloo U . ... 3. 00 Everett . “ A Friend . ” ... 10. 00 Falmouth . First Cong . Ch . ... 34. 24 Fitchburg . Rev . and Mrs. John Wood ... 5. 00 Foxboro . Mrs. Mary Y. Phelps ... 50. 00 Framingham . “ A Friend , ” for Indian M. ... 5. 00 Gilbertville . Cong Ch . ... 11. 04 Great Barrington . Miss Lottie Adsit , by Miss Jennie Curtis , for McIntosh , Ga. ... 1. 00 Holliston . Cong . Ch . ... 39. 86 Housatonic . Primary Class Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad ., by Miss Jennie Curtis ... 2. 00 Huntington . First Ch . ... 2. 00 Ipswich . South Ch . ... 33. 00 Lexington . Hancock Cong . Ch . ... 33. 50 Malden . Mrs. Ellen M. Wellman , to const . MRS. ABI T. HUNTLEY and MRS. ELEANOR F. HOWELL L. Ms ... 100. 00 Malden . Miss M. F . Aiken ... 5. 00 Marshfield . First Cong . Ch . ... 28. 38 Middleboro . Thomas P. Carlton , for Gospels for Fort Yates , N. D. ... 1. 00 Mill River . Y. P. S. C. E ., by Miss Cora H. Adams , Treas . ... 4. 68 Monson . Cong . Ch . ... 17. 67 Monterey . Cong . Ch . ... 14. 29 Northbridge Centre . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 17. 00 North Middleboro . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 20. 50 Randolph . Miss Abby W. Turner ... 20. 00 Rockdale . Cong . Ch . ... 6. 00 Rockland . Cong . Ch . ... 20. 00 Rochester . S. S. Class of Three Girls , by Mrs. G. H . Gerrish , for Indian M. ... 1. 00 Sharon . Cong . Ch ., 35 , to const . DR. C. A . LESLIE L. M . ; Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., 10 ... 45. 00 Shelburne Falls . GEO . D. CRITTENDEN , to const himself L. M . ... 30. 00 Shutesbury . “ K ., ” for Thunderhawk M. ... 2. 00 South Deerfield . Cong . Ch . ... 17. 00 Springfield . White St. Cong . Ch . ... 5. 00 Springfield . Mrs. James D. Litchfield , for Mountain Work ... 1. 00 Springfield . —— ... 1. 00 Townsend . “ Thank Offering , from a Friend , ” to const . WILLIAM KIMBALL HAYES L. M . ... 30. 00 Wenham . “ A Friend . ” ... 20. 00 West Medford . Sab . Sch . Classes Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 10. 00 Hampden Benevolent Association , by George K. Bond , Treas . : Chicopee . Second ... 35. 43 Holyoke . Second ... 75. 64 Springfield . South ... 40. 00 —— -  151. 07 $ 1 , 513. 23 ESTATES . Granville . Estate of Clement Holcomb , by M. J. Rose , Executor ... 25. 00 Natick . Estate of Rev . John P. Norton , by D. W. Farquhar , Adm'r ... 300. 00 Northampton . Estate of Geo . W Hubbard , by L. Clark Seelye and J. Whittlesey , Trustees ... 1 , 000. 00 $ 2 , 837. 23 RHODE ISLAND , $ 95. 82 . Central Palls . Cong . Ch . ... 34. 35 Pace Dale . Cong . Ch . ... 16. 47 Providence . Pilgrim Cong . Ch . ... 45. 00 CONNECTICUT , $ 1 , 344. 92 . Avon . Cong . Ch ., 18 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 2 ... 20. 00 Bloomfield . “ Friends , ” by Mrs. N. Bidwell , for Thomasville , Ga. ... 9. 00 Bridgeport . Second Cong . Ch . ... 90. 30 Brooklyn . Trin . Ch . and Sab . Sch ., bal . to const . MISS FLORENCE A. SEARLES and J. WILLIAM HUNT L. Ms ... 41. 00 Clinton . Dr. W. H . Williams ... 25. 00 Collinsville . Cong . Ch . ... 22. 00 East Hartford . Cong . Ch . ... 7. 30 Goshen . First Cong . Ch . ... 26. 17 Hanover . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 25. 00 Hartford . Hartford Seminary , by G. H . Post , Treas . Students ’ Ass'n . ... 24. 43 Kent . Cong . Ch . ... 8. 34 Lisbon . Cong , Ch ., bal . to const . MRS. O. H . IRONS L. M . ... 20. 00 Madison . First Cong . Ch . ... 13. 33 Middletown . First Ch . ... 58. 12 Newington . Cong . Ch . ... 52. 39 New London . Mrs. Chas . B. Tompkins ... 25. 00 New Milford . First Cong . Ch ., 72. 36 ; Mrs. Lucy M. Turrill , 10 ... 82. 36 Northfield . Cong . Ch . ( 30 of which to const . MRS. H. C. WOLCOTT L. M .) ... 74. 07 Norwich Town . “ A Friend ” ( 5. 35 of Which for Athena , Ga .) ... 10. 50 Old Lyme . Cong . Ch . ... 17. 28 Salisbury . Cong . Ch . ... 16. 62 South Coventry . Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., for Thunderhawk M. ... 15. 00 Stamford . Rev . C. J . Ryder , for Rosebud Indian M ., Cedar Butte , S. D . ... 10. 00 Thomaston . First Cong . Ch . ... 11. 72 Tolland . Cong . Ch . ... 17. 00 Washington . First Cong Ch ., to const . MRS. MARY G. BRINSMADE , MISS MARY NETTLETON , MISS BERTHA SECCOMB and CHARLES B. GIBSON L. Ms ... 133. 74 Weathersfield Center . Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 10. 00 Willimantic . Mrs. Mary A. Williams ... 20. 00 ——. “ Nutmeg ” for purchase of land at King 's Mountain , N. C. ... 100. 00 ——. “ A Friend in Conn . ” ... 100. 00 ——. “ A Friend in Conn . ” ... 10. 00 Woman 's Cong . Home Missionary Union of Conn ., Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : ... 0. 00 Norwalk . “ Forget-me-not ” Circle of King 's Daughters of First Ch ., for Student Aid , Blowing Rock , N. C. ... 25. 00 $ 1 , 120. 67 ESTATES . Berlin . Estate of Harriet N. Wilcox ... 15. 00 Groton . Estate of Mrs. B. N . Hurlbutt ... 109. 25 Pomfret . Estate of Mrs. Zara G. Comstock , by Wm . E. Tolman , Executor ... 100. 00 $ 1 , 344. 92 NEW YORK , $ 773. 24 . Albany . “ S. D. H . ” ... 20. 00 Angola . First Cong . Ch ., 12 ; A. H. Ame , 2 ... 14. 00 Aquebogue . Cong . Ch . ... 17. 75 Buffalo . Pilgrim Miss'y Soc ., F. A . Huntley , Sec ., for Talladega C. ... 5. 00 Buffalo . Pilgrim Cong . Y. P. S. C. E . ... 0. 65 Cortland . Dr. Jerome Angel ... 2. 00 Middle Island . Mrs. Jemina Randall , 2. 15 ; Miss Lizzie M. Swezey , 2 ; Mrs. Edgar Swezey , 1 , for Thunderhawk M. ... 5. 15 North Walton . Y. P. S. C. E ., by Wm A. Hoyt , for C. E . Hall , McIntosh , Ga. ... 20. 00 Norwood . C. E . Soc . of Cong . Ch ., for Talladega C. ... 5. 20 Orient . Cong . Ch . ... 14. 26 Oswego . Miss D. E . Sheldon , for Alaska M. ... 50. 00 Oswego . Cong . Ch . ... 40. 32 Penn Yan . “ J. A. M . ” ... 20. 00 Perry Centre . Rachel J. Booth , for Reindeer , Alaska M. ... 5. 00 Poughkeepsie . Andrew Smith , 55 ; Soc . of Friends , 5. 50 ; Cong . Ch ., 4. 90 ; James Husted , 1 , by Miss Jennie Curtis , for McIntosh , Ga. ... 66. 40 Poughkeepsie . First Reformed Ch . ... 16. 61 Rochester . Mrs. Harriet Clark ... 5. 00 Syracuse . Plym . Cong . Ch . ... 21. 00 ——. “ A Life Member . ” ... 15. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of N. Y ., by Mrs. J. J. Pearsall , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Albany . Sab . Sch ., First Cong . Ch . for Sch'p Fund , Howard U . ... 10. 00 Canandaigua . W. H. M. S . ... 30. 00 Moravia . Mrs. W. C. Tuthill ... 50. 00 Northville . W. M. S . ... 5. 00 Phoenix . —— for Sch'p Fund , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 18. 00 Rutland . Aux . ... 16. 90 —— -  129. 90 $ 473. 24 ESTATE . Fort Covington . Estate of Adelia Bliss , John C. Grant , Ex . ... 300. 00 $ 773. 24 NEW JERSEY , $ 15. 59 . Lyons Farms . Presb . Sab . Sch ., by F. W. C . Crane ... 15. 59 PENNSYLVANIA , $ 3. 00 . East Smithfield . W. H. M . Soc ., by Miss Maria Perkins , Sec ., for Thunderhawk M. ... 3. 00 OHIO , $ 1 , 147. 25 . Akron . Mrs. W. H . Upson , for Tougaloo U . ... 25. 00 Adams Mills . Mrs. M. A . Smith ... 10. 00 Ashtabula . Mrs. A. L . Case ... 5. 00 Brunswick . Children 's Day Offering , by Mrs. Albert Aylard , Cl'k ... 3. 80 Cleveland . Pilgrim Cong . Ch . ad'l . ... 90. 00 Cleveland . Mrs. Fanny W. Low ( 2. 50 of which for Mountain Work ) ... 5. 00 Garrettsville . Cong . Ch . ... 22. 40 Gustavus . Y. P . Bible Class , Cong . Ch . ... 6. 00 Oberlin . Mrs. E. B . Clark ... 10. 00 Rootstown . Cong . Ch . ... 35. 40 Twinsburg . Cong . Ch . ... 13. 10 Ohio Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. Geo . B . Brown , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Mount Vernon . W. M. S . ... 14. 00 Springfield . First , W. M. S . ... 10. 00 —— -  24. 00 $ 249. 70 ESTATE . Oberlin . Estate of Amanda Porter ... 897. 55 $ 1 , 147. 25 ILLINOIS , $ 307. 30 . Bone Gap . Mrs. Lu Rice ... 25. 00 Cambridge . Junior C. E . Soc ., by Daisy M. Gould , Supt ., for Children 's Missionary ... 5. 00 Chesterfield . Cong . Ch . ... 16. 28 Elgin . “ A Friend , ” for education of a girl ... 5. 00 Hinsdale . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid Talladega C. ... 75. 00 Joy Prairie . Cong . Ch . ... 40. 00 Morrison . William Wallace ... 10. 00 Naperville . Cong . Ch . ... 20. 00 Ridgeland . Cong . Ch . ... 40. 87 Rio . Children 's Day Coll ., by Mrs. H. Mansfield , for Indian M. ... 2. 00 Stillman Valley . Y. P. S. C. E . ... 5. 58 Illinois Woman 's Home Missionary Union , Mrs. L. A. Field , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Chicago . New Eng . W. M. S . ... 35. 67 Englewood . Pilgrim Ch . ... 7. 00 Oak Park . W. M. S . ... 15. 90 Princeton . Jr. C. E . Soc . for Sch'p Fund , Straight U . ... 4. 00 —— -  62. 57 MICHIGAN , $ 310. 36 . Ann Arbor . First Cong . Ch . ... 34. 00 Bellaire . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 03 Charlevoix . Cong . Ch . ... 3. 75 Detroit . Brewster Cong . Sab . Sch ., by C. A . Burr , Sec . ... 2. 75 Grand Blanc . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Grand Rapids . South Cong . Ch . ... 12. 51 Ironton . Cong . Ch . ... 4. 00 Kalkaska . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 85 Manistee . First Cong . Ch . ... 12. 00 Marcelona . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 65 Northport . J. W . Bushnell ... 5. 00 Rochester . JOSEPH HAWLEY to const . himself L. M . ... 50. 00 Saginaw . Mrs . A. M. Spencer ... 4. 50 Union City . Cong . Ch . ... 32. 91 Whittaker . A. C. Childs ... 5. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Mich ., by Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Calumet . L. M. S . ... 20. 00 Stanton . W. H. M. U . ... 6. 41 —— -  26. 41 $ 210. 36 ESTATE . Niles . Estate of Dr. James Lewis ... 100. 00 $ 310. 36 IOWA , $ 142. 21 . Cedar Rapids . First Cong . Ch . ... 6. 93 Chester Center . Cong . Ch . and Y. P. S. C. E . ... 12. 21 De Witt . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Dubuque . Ladies Miss'y Soc ., Mrs. Ada M. Burgham , Sec ., for Beach Institute ... 1. 90 Emmettsburg . W. H. M. U . ... 3. 00 Farragut . Cong . Ch . ... 37. 09 Keokuk . Cong . Ch . ... 20. 00 Newton . Cong . Ch . ... 11. 00 Spencer . Y. P. S. C. E . of First Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 10. 00 Iowa Woman 's Home Missionary Union , Mrs. M. J. Nichoson , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : ... 0. 00 Alden . W. M. S . ... 2. 30 Atlantic . Y. P. S. C. E . ... 2. 26 Belle Plain . W. M. S . ... 7. 00 Decorah . Y. P. S. C. E ., for Sch'p Fund , Saluda , N. C. ... 8. 50 Genoa Bluff . W. M. S . ... 2. 00 Grinnell . W. M. S . ... 8. 02 —— -  30. 08 WISCONSIN , $ 378. 61 . Ashland . Cong . Ch . ... 37. 90 Clinton . Cong . Ch ., to const . REV . F. N . DEXTER , L. M . ... 43. 45 Footville . Cong . Ch . ... 5. 00 North Greenfield . Mr. and Mrs. O. W . Paine ... 5. 00 Wauwatosa . Cong . Ch . ... 72. 26 Whitewater . Cong . Ch . ... 15. 00 $ 178. 61 ESTATE . Milwaukee . Estate of Hon . E. D . Holton , by O. W . Robertson , W. E . Story , Executors , and L. C . Holton , Executrix ... 200. 00 $ 378. 61 MINNESOTA , $ 5. 45 . Lyndale . Cong . Ch . ... 5. 45 NORTH DAKOTA , $ 3. 50 . Woman 's Home Missionary Union of North Dakota , by Mrs. Mary M. Fisher , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : ... 0. 00 Cummings . “ Christian Soldiers ” ... 2. 50 Spiritwood . Mrs. V. Craig ... 1. 00 —— -  3. 50 SOUTH DAKOTA , $ 29. 50 . Howard . Cong . Ch ., for Marion , Ala. ... 4. 50 Huron . Rev . J. E. B . Jewett , for new Sch . Building , Evarts , Ky. ... 25. 00 NEBRASKA , $ 16. 09 . Ainsworth . Cong . Ch . ... 7. 13 Franklin . Sab . Sch ., Cong . Ch . ... 1. 96 Indianola . First Cong . Ch . ... 7. 00 COLORADO , $ 10. 10 . Denver . Third Ch . ... 10. 10 CALIFORNIA , $ 953. 65 . Lodi . Cong . Ch . ... 3. 70 Redlands . Lugonia Terrace Cong . Ch . ... 8. 00 San Francisco . Receipts of the California Chinese Mission ( see items below ) ... 941. 95 KENTUCKY , $ 4. 00 . Red Ash . Cong . Ch . ... 4. 00 TENNESSEE , $ 3. 00 . Deer Lodge . Cong . Ch . ... 3. 00 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 2. 25 . High Point . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 25 GEORGIA , $ 1. 64 . Woodville . Pilgrim Ch ., 1. 05 ; Rev . J. Loyd , 34c . ; Rev . J. H. H . Sengstacke , 25c . ... 1. 64 ALABAMA , $ 2. 77 . Athens . Trinity Cong . Ch . ... 2. 27 Lincoln . —— ... 0. 50 MISSISSIPPI , $ 33. 00 . Tougaloo . MRS. LAURA M. GOSS , to const . herself L. M . ... 33. 00 CANADA , $ 5. 00 . Montreal . Chas . Alexander ... 5. 00 HAWAIIAN ISLANDS , $ 5. 00 . Honolulu . Mrs. H. P . Green ... 5. 00 INDIA , $ 10. 00 . Melur . Y. P. S. C. E . ... 10. 00 Donations ...$ 9 , 166. 08 Estates ... 3 , 152. 43 $ 12 , 318. 51 TUITION , $ 370. 87 . Lexington , Ky . Tuition ... 62. 00 Cotton Valley , Ala . Tuition ... 169. 25 Marion , Ala . Tuition ... 0. 75 Nat , Ala . Tuition ... 95. 87 New Orleans , La . Tuition ... 38. 00 Austin , Tex . Tuition ... 5. 00 —— -  370. 87 Total for August ...$ 12 , 689. 38 ========= SUMMARY . Donations ...$ 173 , 273. 45 Estates ... 80 , 539. 19 $ 253 , 812. 64 Income ... 10 , 143. 56 Tuition ... 41 , 296. 91 Total from Oct. 1 to August 31 ...$ 305 , 253. 11 =========== FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions for August ...$ 14. 05 Previously acknowledged ... 578. 50 Total ...$ 592. 55 ======= RECEIPTS OF THE CALIFORNIA CHINESE MISSION from June 30th to Aug. 1st , 1894 , William Johnstone , Treas . : FROM LOCAL MISSIONS : Fresno . Chinese Mon . Off ., 3. 05 ; Anni . Pledges , 18 ... 21. 05 Hanford . Chinese Mon . Off ., 2. 25 ; Annual Memberships , 12 ... 14. 25 Los Angeles . Chinese Monthlies , 3. 40 ; Anni . Pledges , 31. 20 ... 33. 60 Marysville . Chinese Monthlies , 7. 25 ; Anni . Pledges , 20. 50 ... 27. 75 Oakland . Chinese Monthlies , 10 ; Annual Members , 8 ... 18. 00 Oroville . Chinese Monthlies , 2 ; Anni . Pledges , 2. 50 ; Cong . Ch . Y. P. S. C. E ., 5 ... 9. 50 Petaluma . Chinese Monthlies , 1 ; A. B . Case , 6 ; Others , 14 ... 21. 00 Riverside . Chinese Monthlies , 2. 10 ; Anni . Pledges , 10 ... 12. 10 Sacramento . Chinese Monthlies ... 8. 25 San Bernardino . Chinese Monthlies ... 4. 70 San Diego . Chinese Monthlies , 2. 30 ; Anni . Pledges , 12. 15 ... 14. 45 San Francisco . Bethany Ch ., Anni . Pledges , 5. 50 ; Mrs. Eliza Moran , 1 ; Central Ch , Chinese Mon . Off ., 6. 05 ; Annual Members , 31 ; Rev . E. W . Stoddard and Friend , 1. 50 ; Barnes Ch ., Chinese Mon . Off ., 1. 50 ; Annual Members , 11 ; West Ch ., Chinese Mon . Offs ., 2. 75 ... 60. 30 Santa Barbara . Chinese Mon . Offs ., 3. 15 ; Anni . Pledges , 9 ; First Cong . Ch ., 13. 50 ... 25. 65 Santa Cruz . Chinese Mon . Off ., 6. 20 ; Anni . Off ., 37. 70 ... 43. 90 Stockton . Chinese Mon , Off ., 3. 25 ; Anni . Off ., 27. 50 ... 30. 75 Ventura . Chinese Monthlies , 2. 25 ; Annual Members , 20 ; ——, 1 ... 23. 25 ——— 368. 50 FROM INDIVIDUAL GIVERS : — -  . James M. Haven , 25 ; Giles H. Gray , 5 ; Rev . Joseph Rowell , 5 ; Mrs. Nellie M. Haskell , 5 ; Mr. and Mrs. James Shinn , 10 ... 50. 00 FROM EASTERN FRIENDS : New Boston , N. H. Levi Hooper ... 50. 00 South Braintree , Mass . Rev . Jotham B. Sewall ... 25. 00 Stockbridge , Mass , Miss A. Byington ... 81. 00 Bridgeport , Conn. Miss Mary L. Blackley ... 20. 00 New Haven , Conn. Mrs. Henry Farnum ... 100. 00 ——— 276. 00 $ 694. 50 RECEIVED FOR CHINESE WOMEN AND GIRLS : Bangor , Me . S. S . Classes Hammond St. Cong . Ch ., 11. 30 ; Y. P. S. C. E . of Hammond St. Cong . Ch ., 10 ; First Cong . Ch ., 14. 90 ... 36. 20 Belfast , Me , Miss E. M. Pond ... 5. 00 Bucksport , Me . Cong . Ch ., 22 ; and Sab . Sch ., 10 ... 32. 00 Greenfield , Mass . Mrs. E. B . Loomis , 10 ; Miss N. E . Russell , 5 ... 15. 00 Hatfield , Mass . “ The Real Folks , ” by Mrs. C. K . Morton , Treas . ... 25. 00 Hatfield , Mass . —— ... 6. 00 Marlboro , Mass . “ Three Friends . ” through Miss H. J . Alexander ... 6. 25 Stockbridge , Mass . “ Lend-a-Hand Circle ” King 's Daughters ... 5. 00 Worcester , Mass . “ Friends . ” ... 4. 00 Albany , N. Y. Friends of the Chinese , by Miss Janet McNaughton ... 100. 00 Colorado Springs , Colo. Ladies ’ M. Soc . ... 5. 00 Pacific Grove , Cal . Mayflower Ch . ... 7. 00 Luna , New Mexico . Miss Carrie B. Pond ... 1. 00 —— -  247. 45 Total ...$ 941. 95 ======= H. W . HUBBARD , Treas ., Bible House , N. Y .