“ Laden with Golden Grain ” THE ARGOSY . EDITED BY CHARLES W. WOOD . VOLUME LI . January to June , 1891 . RICHARD BENTLEY & SON , 8 , NEW BURLINGTON STREET , LONDON , W. Publishers in Ordinary to Her Majesty . All rights reserved . LONDON : PRINTED BY OGDEN , SMALE AND CO. LIMITED , GREAT SAFFRON HILL , E. C . CONTENTS . THE FATE OF THE HARA DIAMOND . Illustrated by M. L . GOW . Chap . I . My Arrival at Deepley Walls Jan II . The Mistress of Deepley Walls Jan III . A Voyage of Discovery Jan IV . Scarsdale Weir Jan V. At Rose Cottage Feb VI . The Growth of a Mystery Feb VII . Exit Janet Hope Feb VIII . By the Scotch Express Feb IX . At “ The Golden Griffin ” Mar X . The Stolen Manuscript Mar XI . Bon Repos Mar XII . The Amsterdam Edition of 1698 Mar XIII . M. Platzoff 's Secret — Captain Ducie 's Translation of M. Paul Platzoff 's MS Mar XIV . Drashkil-Smoking Apr XV . The Diamond Apr XVI . Janet 's Return Apr XVII . Deepley Walls after Seven Years Apr XVIII . Janet in a New Character May XIX . The Dawn of Love May XX . The Narrative of Sergeant Nicholas May XXI . Counsel taken with Mr. Madgin May XXII . Mr. Madgin at the Helm Jun XXIII . Mr. Madgin 's Secret Journey Jun XXIV . Enter Madgin Junior Jun XXV . Madgin Junior 's First Report Jun THE SILENT CHIMES . By JOHNNY LUDLOW ( Mrs. HENRY WOOD ) . Putting Them Up Jan Playing Again Feb Ringing at Midday Mar Not Heard Apr Silent for Ever May THE BRETONS AT HOME . By CHARLES W. WOOD , F. R. G. S . With 35 Illustrations Jan , Feb , Mar , Apr , May , Jun About the Weather Jun Across the River . By HELEN M. BURNSIDE Apr After Twenty Years . By ADA M. TROTTER Feb A Memory . By GEORGE COTTERELL Feb A Modern Witch Jan An April Folly . By GILBERT H. PAGE Apr A Philanthropist . By ANGUS GREY Jun Aunt Phoebe 's Heirlooms : An Experience in Hypnotism Feb A Social Debut Mar A Song . By G. B . STUART Jan Enlightenment . By E. NESBIT Feb In a Bernese Valley . By ALEXANDER LAMONT Feb Legend of an Ancient Minster . By JOHN GR Æ ME Mar Longevity . By W. F . AINSWORTH , F. S. A . Apr Mademoiselle Elise . By EDWARD FRANCIS Jun Mediums and Mysteries . By NARISSA ROSAVO Feb Miss Kate Marsden Jan My May Queen . By JOHN JERVIS BERESFORD , M. A . May Old China Jun On Letter-Writing . By A. H. JAPP , LL. D . May Paul . By the Author of “ Adonais , Q. C . ” May “ Proctorised ” Apr Rondeau . By E. NESBIT Mar Saint or Satan ? By A. BERESFORD Feb Sappho . By MARY GREY Mar Serenade . By E. NESBIT Jun Sonnets . By JULIA KAVANAGH Jan , Feb , Apr , Jun So Very Unattractive ! Jun Spes . By JOHN JERVIS BERESFORD , M. A . Apr Sweet Nancy . By JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY May The Church Garden . By CHRISTIAN BURKE May The Only Son of his Mother . By LETITIA MCCLINTOCK Mar To my Soul . From the French of Victor Hugo Jun Unexplained . By LETITIA MCCLINTOCK Apr Who Was the Third Maid ? Jan Winter in Absence Feb POETRY . Sonnets . By JULIA KAVANAGH Jan , Feb , Apr , Jun A Song . By G. B . STUART Jan Enlightenment . By E. NESBIT Feb Winter in Absence Feb A Memory . By GEORGE COTTERELL Feb In a Bernese Valley . By ALEXANDER LAMONT Feb Rondeau . By E. NESBIT Mar Spes . By JOHN JERVIS BERESFORD , M. A . Apr Across the River . By HELEN M. BURNSIDE Apr My May Queen . By JOHN JERVIS BERESFORD , M. A . May The Church Garden . By CHRISTIAN BURKE May Serenade . By E. NESBIT Jun To my Soul . From the French of Victor Hugo Jun Old China Jun ILLUSTRATIONS . By M. L . Gow . “ I advanced slowly up the room , stopped , and curtsied . ” “ I saw and recognised the mysterious midnight visitor . ” “ He came back in a few minutes , but so transformed in outward appearance that Ducie scarcely knew him . ” “ Behold ! ” “ Sister Agnes knelt for a few moments and bent her head in silent prayer . ” “ He put his hand to his side , and motioned Mirpah to open the letter . ” Illustrations to “ The Bretons at Home . ” SISTER AGNES KNELT FOR A FEW MOMENTS , AND BENT HER HEAD IN SILENT PRAYER . THE ARGOSY . MAY , 1891 . THE FATE OF THE HARA DIAMOND . CHAPTER XVIII . JANET IN A NEW CHARACTER . On entering Lady Chillington 's room for the second time , Janet found that the mistress of Deepley Walls had completed her toilette in the interim , and was now sitting robed in stiff rustling silk , with an Indian fan in one hand and a curiously-chased vinaigrette in the other . She motioned with her fan to Janet . “ Be seated , ” she said , in the iciest of tones ; and Janet sat down on a chair a yard or two removed from her ladyship . “ Since you were here last , Miss Hope , ” she began , “ I have seen Sister Agnes , who informs me that she has already given you an outline of the duties I shall require you to perform should you agree to accept the situation which ill-health obliges her to vacate . At the same time , I wish you clearly to understand that I do not consider you in any way bound by what I have done for you in the time gone by , neither would I have you in this matter run counter to your inclinations in the slightest degree . If you would prefer that a situation as governess should be obtained for you , say so without hesitation ; and any small influence I may have shall be used ungrudgingly in your behalf . Should you agree to remain at Deepley Walls , your salary will be thirty guineas a-year . If you wish it , you can take a day for consideration , and let me have your decision in the morning . ” Lady Chillington 's mention of a fixed salary stung Janet to the quick : it was so entirely unexpected . It stung her , but only for a moment ; the next she saw and gratefully recognised the fact that she should no longer be a pensioner on the bounty of Lady Chillington . A dependent she might be — a servant even , if you like ; but at least she would be earning her living by the labour of her own hands ; and even about the very thought of such a thing there was a sweet sense of independence that flushed her warmly through and through . Her hesitation lasted but a moment , then she spoke . “ Your ladyship is very kind , but I require no time for consideration , ” she said . “ I have already made up my mind to take the position which you have so generously offered me ; and if my ability to please you only prove equal to my inclination , you will not have much cause to complain . ” A faint smile of something like satisfaction flitted across Lady Chillington 's face . “ Very good , Miss Hope , ” she said , in a more gracious tone than she had yet used . “ I am pleased to find that you have taken so sensible a view of the matter , and that you understand so thoroughly your position under my roof . How soon shall you be prepared to begin your new duties ? ” “ I am ready at this moment . ” “ Come to me an hour hence , and I will then instruct you . ” In this second interview , brief though it was , Janet could not avoid being struck by Lady Chillington 's stately dignity of manner . Her tone and style were those of a high-bred gentlewoman . It seemed scarcely possible that she and the querulous , shrivelled-up old woman in the cashmere dressing-robe could be one and the same individual . Unhappily , as Janet to her cost was not long in finding out , her ladyship 's querulous moods were much more frequent than her moods of quiet dignity . At such times she was very difficult to please ; sometimes , indeed , it was utterly impossible to please her : not even an angel could have done it . Then , indeed , Janet felt her duty weigh very hardly upon her . By nature her temper was quick and passionate — her impulses high and generous ; but when Lady Chillington was in her worse moods , she had to curb the former as with an iron chain ; while the latter were outraged continually by Lady Chillington 's mean and miserly mode of life , and by a certain low and sordid tone of thought which at such times pervaded all she said and did . And yet , strange to say , she had rare fits of generosity and goodwill — times when her soul seemed to sit in sackcloth and ashes , as if in repentance for those other occasions when the “ dark fit ” was on her , and the things of this world claimed her too entirely as their own . After her second interview with Lady Chillington , Janet at once hurried off to Sister Agnes to tell her the news . “ On one point only , so far as I see at present , shall I require any special information , ” she said . “ I shall need to know exactly the mode of procedure necessary to be observed when I pay my midnight visits to Sir John Chillington . ” “ It is not my intention that you should visit Sir John , ” said Sister Agnes . “ That portion of my old duties will continue to be performed by me . ” “ Not until you are stronger — not until your health is better than it is now , ” said Janet earnestly . “ I am young and strong ; it is merely a part of what I have undertaken to do , and you must please let me do it . I have outgrown my childish fears , and could visit the Black Room now without the quiver of a nerve . ” “ You think so by daylight , but wait until the house is dark and silent , and then say the same conscientiously , if you can do so . ” But Janet was determined not to yield the point , nor could Sister Agnes move her from her decision . Ultimately a compromise was entered into by which it was agreed that for one evening at least they should visit the Black Room together , and that the settlement of the question should be left until the following day . Precisely as midnight struck they set out together up the wide , old-fashioned staircase , past the door of Janet 's old room , up the narrower staircase beyond , until the streak of light came into view and the grim , nail-studded door itself was reached . Janet was secretly glad that she was not there alone ; so much she acknowledged to herself as they halted for a moment while Sister Agnes unlocked the door . But when the latter asked her if she were not afraid , if she would not much rather be snug in bed , Janet only said : “ Give me the key ; tell me what I have to do inside the room , and then leave me . ” But Sister Agnes would not consent to that , and they entered the room together . Instead of seven years , it seemed to Janet only seven hours since she had been there last , so vividly was the recollection of her first visit still impressed upon her mind . Everything was unchanged in that chamber of the dead , except , perhaps , the sprawling cupids on the ceiling , which looked a shade dingier than of old , and more in need of soap and water than ever . But the black draperies on the walls , the huge candles in the silver tripods , the pall-covered coffin in the middle of the room , were all as Janet had seen them last . There , too , was the oaken prie-dieu a yard or two away from the head of the coffin . Sister Agnes knelt on it for a few moments , and bent her head in silent prayer . “ My visit to this room every midnight , ” said Sister Agnes , “ is made for the simple purpose of renewing the candles , and of seeing that everything is as it should be . That the visit should be made at midnight , and at no other time , is one of Lady Chillington 's whims — a whim that by process of time has crystallised into a law . The room is never entered by day . ” “ Was it whim or madness that caused Sir John Chillington to leave orders that his body should be kept above ground for twenty years ? ” “ Who shall tell by what motive he was influenced when he had that particular clause inserted in his will ? Deepley Walls itself hangs on the proper fulfilment of the clause . If Lady Chillington were to cause her husband 's remains to be interred in the family vault before the expiry of the twenty years , the very day she did so the estate would pass from her to the present baronet , a distant cousin , between whom and her ladyship there has been a bitter feud of many years ’ standing . Although Deepley Walls has been in the family for a hundred and fifty years , it has never been entailed . The entailed estate is in Yorkshire , and there Sir Mark , the present baronet , resides . Lady Chillington has the power of bequeathing Deepley Walls to whomsoever she may please , providing she carry out strictly the instructions contained in her husband 's will . It is possible that in a court of law the will might have been set aside on the ground of insanity , or the whole matter might have been thrown into Chancery . But Lady Chillington did not choose to submit to such an ordeal . All the courts of law in the kingdom could have given her no more than she possessed already — they could merely have given her permission to bury her husband 's body , and it did not seem to her that such a permission could compensate for turning into public gossip a private chapter of family history . So here Sir John Chillington has remained since his death , and here he will stay till the last of the twenty years has become a thing of the past . Two or three times every year Mr. Winter , Sir Mark 's lawyer , comes over to Deepley Walls to satisfy himself by ocular proof that Sir John 's instructions are being duly carried out . This he has a legal right to do in the interests of his client . Sometimes he is conducted to this room by Lady Chillington , sometimes by me ; but even in his case her ladyship will not relax her rule of not having the room visited by day . ” Sister Agnes then showed Janet that behind the black draperies there was a cupboard in the wall , which on being opened proved to contain a quantity of large candles . One by one Sister Agnes took out of the silver tripods what remained of the candles of the previous day , and filled up their places with fresh ones . Janet looked on attentively . Then , for the second time , Sister Agnes knelt on the prie-dieu for a few moments , and then she and Janet left the room . Next day Sister Agnes was so ill , and Janet pressed so earnestly to be allowed to attend to the Black Room in place of her , and alone , that she was obliged to give a reluctant consent . It was not without an inward tremor that Janet heard the clock strike twelve . Sister Agnes had insisted on accompanying her part of the way upstairs , and would , in fact , have gone the whole distance with her , had not Janet insisted on going forward alone . In a single breath , as it seemed to her , she ran up the remaining stairs , unlocked the door , and entered the room . Her nerves were not sufficiently composed to allow of her making use of the prie-dieu . All she cared for just then was to get through her duty as quickly as possible , and return in safety to the world of living beings downstairs . She set her teeth , and by a supreme effort of will went through the small duty that was required of her steadily but swiftly . Her face was never turned away from the coffin the whole time ; and when she had finished her task she walked backwards to the door , opened it , walked backwards out , and in another breath was downstairs , and safe in the protecting arms of Sister Agnes . Next night she insisted upon going entirely alone , and made so light of the matter that Sister Agnes no longer opposed her wish to make the midnight visit to the Black Room a part of her ordinary duty . But inwardly Janet could never quite overcome her secret awe of the room and its silent occupant . She always dreaded the coming of the hour that took her there , and when her task was over , she never closed the door without a feeling of relief . In this case , custom with her never bred familiarity . To the last occasion of her going there she went the prey of hidden fears — fears of she knew not what , which she derided to herself even while they made her their victim . There was a morbid thread running through the tissue of her nerves , which by intense force of will might be kept from growing and spreading , but which no effort of hers could quite pluck out or eradicate . CHAPTER XIX . THE DAWN OF LOVE . Major Strickland did not forget his promise to Janet . On the eighth morning after his return from London he walked over from Eastbury to Deepley Walls , saw Lady Chillington , and obtained leave of absence for Miss Hope for the day . Then he paid a flying visit to Sister Agnes , for whom he had a great reverence and admiration , and ended by carrying off Janet in triumph . The park of Deepley Walls extends almost to the suburbs of Eastbury , a town of eight thousand inhabitants , but of such small commercial importance that the nearest railway station is three miles away across country and nearly five miles from Deepley Walls . Major Strickland no longer resided at Rose Cottage , but at a pretty little villa just outside Eastbury . Some small accession of fortune had come to him by the death of a relative ; and an addition to his family in the person of Aunt F é licit é, a lady old and nearly blind , the widow of a kinsman of the Major . Besides its tiny lawn and flower-beds in front , the Lindens had a long stretch of garden ground behind , otherwise the Major would scarcely have been happy in his new home . He was secretary to the Eastbury Horticultural Society , and his fame as a grower of prize roses and geraniums was in these latter days far sweeter to him than any fame that had ever accrued to him as a soldier . Janet found Aunt F é licit é a most quaint and charming old lady , as cheerful and full of vivacity as many a girl of seventeen . She kissed Janet on both cheeks when the Major introduced her ; asked whether she was fianc é e ; complimented her on her French ; declaimed a passage from Racine ; put her poodle through a variety of amusing tricks ; and pressed Janet to assist at her luncheon of cream cheese , French roll , strawberries and white wine . A slight sense of disappointment swept across Janet 's mind , like the shadow of a cloud across a sunny field . She had been two hours at the Lindens without having seen Captain George . In vain she told herself that she had come to spend the day with Major Strickland , and to be introduced to Aunt F é licit é, and that nothing more was wanting to her complete contentment . That something more was needed she knew quite well , but she would not acknowledge it even to herself . HE knew of her coming ; he had been with Aunt F é licit é only half an hour before — so much she learned within five minutes of her arrival ; yet now , at the end of two hours , he had not condescended even to come and speak to her . She roused herself from the sense of despondency that was creeping over her and put on a gaiety that she was far from feeling . A very bitter sense of self-contempt was just then at work in her heart ; she felt that never before had she despised herself so utterly . She took her hat in her hand , and put her arm within the Major 's and walked with him round his little demesne . It was a walk that took up an hour or more , for there was much to see and learn , and Janet was bent this morning on having a long lesson in botany ; and the old soldier was only too happy in having secured a listener so enthusiastic and appreciative to whom he could dilate on his favourite hobby . But all this time Janet 's eyes and ears were on the alert in a double sense of which the Major knew nothing . He was busy with a description of the last spring flower show , and how the Duke of Cheltenham 's auriculas were by no means equal to those of Major Strickland , when Janet gave a little start as though a gnat had stung her , and bent to smell a sweet blush-rose , whose tints were rivalled by the sudden delicate glow that flushed her cheek . “ Yes , yes ! ” she said , hurriedly , as the Major paused for a moment ; “ and so the Duke 's gardener was jealous because you carried away the prize ? ” “ I never saw a man more put out in my life , ” said the Major . “ He shook his fist at my flowers and said before everybody , ‘ Let the old Major only wait till autumn and then see if my dahlias do n't — ’ But yonder comes Geordie . Bless my heart ! what has he been doing at Eastbury all this time ? ” Janet 's instinct had not deceived her ; she had heard and recognised his footstep a full minute before the Major knew that he was near . She gave one quick , shy glance round as he opened the gate , and then she wandered a yard or two further down the path . “ Good-morning , uncle , ” said Captain George , as he came up . “ You set out for Deepley Walls so early this morning that I did not see you before you started . I am glad to find that you did not come back alone . ” Janet had turned as he began to speak , but did not come back to the Major 's side . Captain George advanced a few steps and lifted his hat . “ Good-morning , Miss Hope , ” he said , with outstretched hand . “ I need hardly say how pleased I am to see you at the Lindens . My uncle has succeeded so well on his first embassy that we must send him again , and often , on the same errand . ” Janet murmured a few words in reply — what , she could not afterwards have told ; but as her eyes met his for a moment , she read in them something that made her forgive him on the spot , even while she declared to herself that she had nothing to forgive , and that brought to her cheek a second blush more vivid than the first . “ All very well , young gentleman , ” said the Major ; “ but you have not yet explained your four hours ’ absence . We shall order you under arrest unless you have some reasonable excuse to submit . ” “ The best of all excuses — that of urgent business , ” said the Captain . “ You ! business ! ” said the laughing Major . “ Why , it was only last night that you were bewailing your lot as being one of those unhappy mortals who have no work to do . ” “ To those they love , the gods lend patient hearing . I forget the Latin , but that does not matter just now . What I wish to convey is this — that I need no longer be idle unless I choose . I have found some work to do . Lend me your ears , both of you . About an hour after you , sir , had started for Deepley Walls , I received a note from the editor of the Eastbury Courier , in which he requested me to give him an early call . My curiosity prompted me to look in upon him as soon as breakfast was over . I found that he was brother to the editor of one of the London magazines — a gentleman whom I met one evening at a party in town . The London editor remembered me , and had written to the Eastbury editor to make arrangements with me for writing a series of magazine articles on India and my experiences there during the late mutiny . I need not bore you with details ; it is sufficient to say that my objections were talked down one by one ; and I left the office committed to a sixteen-page article by the sixth of next month . ” “ You an author ! ” exclaimed the Major . “ I should as soon have thought of your enlisting in the Marines . ” “ It will only be for a few months , uncle — only till my limited stock of experiences shall be exhausted . After that I shall be relegated to my natural obscurity , doubtless never to emerge again . ” “ Hem , ” said the Major , nervously . “ Geordie , my boy , I have by me one or two little poems which I wrote when I was about nineteen — trifles flung off on the inspiration of the moment . Perhaps , when you come to know your friend the editor better than you do now , you might induce him to bring them out — to find an odd corner for them in his magazine . I should n't want payment for them , you know . You might just mention that fact ; and I assure you that I have seen many worse things than they are in print . ” “ What , uncle , you an author ! Oh , fie ! I should as soon have thought of your wishing to dance on the tight-rope as to appear in print . But we must look over these little effusions — eh , Miss Hope . We must unearth this genius , and be the first to give his lucubrations to the world . ” “ If you were younger , sir , or I not quite so old , I would box your ears , ” said the Major , who seemed hardly to know whether to laugh or be angry . Finally he laughed , George and Janet chimed in , and all three went back indoors . After an early dinner the Major took rod and line and set off to capture a few trout for supper . Aunt F é licit é took her post-prandial nap discreetly , in an easy-chair , and Captain George and Miss Hope were left to their own devices . In Love 's sweet Castle of Indolence the hours that make up a summer afternoon pass like so many minutes . These two had blown the magic horn and had gone in . The gates of brass had closed behind them , shutting them up from the common outer world . Over all things was a glamour as of witchcraft . Soft music filled the air ; soft breezes came to them as from fields of amaranth and asphodel . They walked ever in a magic circle , that widened before them as they went . Eros in passing had touched them with his golden dart . Each of them hid the sweet sting from the other , yet neither of them would have been whole again for anything the world could have offered . What need to tell the old story over again — the story of the dawn of love in two young hearts that had never loved before ? Janet went home that night in a flutter of happiness — a happiness so sweet and strange and yet so vague that she could not have analysed it even had she been casuist enough to try to do so . But she was content to accept the fact as a fact ; beyond that she cared nothing . No syllable of love had been spoken between her and George : they had passed what to an outsider would have seemed a very common-place afternoon . They had talked together — not sentiment , but every-day topics of the world around them ; they had read together — poetry , but nothing more passionate than “ Aurora Leigh ; ” they had walked together — rather a silent and stupid walk , our friendly outsider would have urged ; but if they were content , no one else had any right to complain . And so the day had worn itself away — a red-letter day for ever in the calendar of their young lives . CHAPTER XX . THE NARRATIVE OF SERGEANT NICHOLAS . One morning when Janet had been about three weeks at Deepley Walls , she was summoned to the door by one of the servants , and found there a tall , thin , middle-aged man , dressed in plain clothes , and having all the appearance of a discharged soldier . “ I have come a long way , miss , ” he said to Janet , carrying a finger to his forehead , “ in order to see Lady Chillington and have a little private talk with her . ” “ I am afraid that her ladyship will scarcely see you , unless you can give her some idea of the business that you have called upon . ” “ My name , miss , is Sergeant John Nicholas . I served formerly in India , where I was body-servant to her ladyship 's son , Captain Charles Chillington , who died there of cholera nearly twenty years ago , and I have something of importance to communicate . ” Janet made the old soldier come in and sit down in the hall while she took his message to Lady Chillington . Her ladyship was not yet up , but was taking her chocolate in bed , with a faded Indian shawl thrown round her shoulders . She began to tremble violently the moment Janet delivered the old soldier 's message , and could scarcely set down her cup and saucer . Then she began to cry , and to kiss the hem of the Indian shawl . Janet went softly out of the room and waited . She had never even heard of this Captain Charles Chillington , and yet no mere empty name could have thus affected the stern mistress of Deepley Walls . Those few tears opened up quite a new view of Lady Chillington 's character . Janet began to see that there might be elements of tragedy in the old woman 's life of which she knew nothing : that many of the moods which seemed to her so strange and inexplicable might be so merely for want of the key by which alone they could be rightly read . Presently her ladyship 's gong sounded . Janet went back into the room , and found her still sitting up in bed , sipping her chocolate with a steady hand . All traces of tears had vanished : she looked even more stern and repressed than usual . “ Request the person of whom you spoke to me a while ago to wait , ” she said . “ I will see him at eleven in my private sitting-room . ” So Sergeant Nicholas was sent to get his breakfast in the servants ’ room , and wait till Lady Chillington was ready to receive him . At eleven precisely he was summoned to her ladyship 's presence . She received him with stately graciousness , and waved him to a chair a yard or two away . She was dressed for the day in one of her stiff brocaded silks , and sat as upright as a dart , manipulating a small fan . Miss Hope stood close at the back of her chair . “ So , my good man , I understand that you were acquainted with my son , the late Captain Chillington , who died in India twenty years ago ? ” “ I was his body-servant for two years previous to his death . ” “ Were you with him when he died ? ” “ I was , your ladyship . These fingers closed his eyes . ” The hand that held the fan began to tremble again . She remained silent for a few moments , and by a strong effort overmastered her agitation . “ You have some communication which you wish to make to me respecting my dead son ? ” “ I have , your ladyship . A communication of a very singular kind . ” “ Why has it not been made before now ? ” “ That your ladyship will learn in the course of what I have to say . But perhaps you will kindly allow me to tell my story my own way . ” “ By all means . Pray begin : I am all attention . ” The Sergeant touched his forelock , gave a preliminary cough , fixed his clear grey eye on Lady Chillington , and began his narrative as under :— “ Your ladyship and miss : I , John Nicholas , a Staffordshire man born and bred , went out to India twenty-three years ago as lance corporal in the hundred-and-first regiment of foot . After I had been in India a few months , I got drunk and misbehaved myself , and was reduced to the ranks . Well , ma'am , Captain Chillington took a fancy to me , thought I was not such a bad dog after all , and got me appointed as his servant . And a better master no man need ever wish to have — kind , generous , and a perfect gentleman from top to toe . I loved him , and would have gone through fire and water to serve him . ” Her ladyship 's fan was trembling again . “ Oblige me with my salts , Miss Hope , ” she said . She pressed them to her nose , and motioned to the Sergeant to proceed . “ When I had been with the Captain a few months , ” resumed the old soldier , “ he got leave of absence for several weeks , and everybody knew that it was his intention to spend his holiday in a shooting excursion among the hills . I was to go with him , of course , and the usual troop of native servants ; but besides himself there was only one European gentleman in the party , and he was not an Englishman . He was a Russian , and his name was Platzoff . He was a gentleman of fortune , and was travelling in India at the time , and had come to my master with letters of introduction . Well , Captain Chillington just took wonderfully to him , and the two were almost inseparable . Perhaps it hardly becomes one like me to offer an opinion on such a point ; but , knowing what afterwards happened , I must say that I never either liked or trusted that Russian from the day I first set eyes on him . He seemed to me too double-faced and cunning for an honest English gentleman to have much to do with . But he had travelled a great deal , and was very good company , which was perhaps the reason why Captain Chillington took so kindly to him . Be that as it may , however , it was decided that they should go on the hunting excursion together — not that the Russian was much of a shot , or cared a great deal about hunting , but because , as I heard him say , he liked to see all kinds of life , and tiger-stalking was something quite fresh to him . “ He was a curious-looking gentleman , too , that Russian — just the sort of face that you would never forget after once seeing it , with skin that was dried and yellow like parchment ; black hair that was trained into a heavy curl on the top of his forehead , and a big hooked nose . “ Well , your ladyship and miss , away we went with our elephants and train of servants , and very pleasantly we spent our two months ’ leave of absence . The Captain he shot tigers , and the Russian he did his best at pig-sticking . Our last week had come , and in three more days we were to set off on our return , when that terrible misfortune happened which deprived me of the best of masters , and your ladyship of the best of sons . “ Early one morning I was roused by Rung Budruck , the Captain 's favourite sycee or groom . ‘ Get up at once , ’ he said , shaking me by the shoulder . ‘ The sahib Captain is very ill . The black devil has seized him . He must have opium or he will die . ’ I ran at once to the Captain 's tent , and as soon as I set eyes on him I saw that he had been seized with cholera . I went off at once and fetched M. Platzoff . We had nothing in the way of medicine with us except brandy and opium . Under the Russian 's directions these were given to my poor master in large quantities , but he grew gradually worse . Rung and I in everything obeyed M. Platzoff , who seemed to know quite well what ought to be done in such cases ; and to tell the truth , your ladyship , he seemed as much put about as if the Captain had been his own brother . Well , the Captain grew weaker as the day went on , and towards evening it grew quite clear that he could not last much longer . The pain had left him by this time , but he was so frightfully reduced that we could not bring him round . He was lying in every respect like one already dead , except for his faint breathing , when the Russian left the tent for a moment , and I took his place at the head of the bed . Rung was standing with folded arms a yard or two away . None of the other native servants could be persuaded to enter the tent , so frightened were they of catching the complaint . Suddenly my poor master opened his eyes , and his lips moved . I put my ear to his mouth . ‘ The diamond , ’ he whispered . ‘ Take it — mother — give my love . ’ Not a word more on earth , your ladyship . His limbs stiffened ; his head fell back ; he gave a great sigh and died . I gently closed the eyes that could see no more , and left the tent crying . “ Your ladyship , we buried Captain Chillington by torchlight four hours later . We dug his grave deep in a corner of the jungle , and there we left him to his last sleep . Over his grave we piled a heap of stones , as I have read that they used to do in the old times over the grave of a chief . It was all we could do . “ About an hour later M. Platzoff came to me . ‘ I shall start before daybreak for Chinapore , ’ he said , ‘ with one elephant and a couple of men . I will take with me the news of my poor friend 's untimely fate , and you can come on with the luggage and other effects in the ordinary way . You will find me at Chinapore when you reach there . ’ Next morning I found that he was gone . “ What my dear master had said with his last breath about a diamond puzzled me . I could only conclude that amongst his effects there must be some valuable stone of which he wished special care to be taken , and which he desired to be sent home to you , madam , in England . I knew nothing of any such stone , and I considered it beyond my position to search for it among his luggage . I decided that when I got to Chinapore I would give his message to the Colonel , and leave that gentleman to take such steps in the matter as he might think best . “ I had hardly settled all this in my mind when Rung Budruck came to me . ‘ The Russian sahib has gone : I have something to tell you , ’ he said , only he spoke in broken English . ‘ Yesterday , just after the sahib Captain was dead , the Russian came back . You had left the tent , and I was sitting on the ground behind the Captain 's big trunk , the lid of which was open . I was sitting with my chin in my hand , very sad at heart , when the Russian came in . He looked carefully round the tent . Me he could not see , but I could see him through the opening between the hinges of the box . What did he do ? He unfastened the bosom of the sahib Captain 's shirt , and then he drew over the Captain 's head the steel chain with the little gold box hanging to it that he always wore . He opened the box , and saw there was that in it which he expected to find there . Then he hid away both chain and box in one of his pockets , rebuttoned the dead man 's shirt , and left the tent . ’ ‘ But you have not told me what there was in the box , ’ I said . He put the tips of his fingers together and smiled : ‘ In that box was the Great Hara Diamond ! ’ “ Your ladyship , I was so startled when Rung said this that the wind of a bullet would have knocked me down . A new light was all at once thrown on the Captain 's dying words . ‘ But how do you know , Rung , that the box contained a diamond ? ’ I asked when I had partly got over my surprise . He smiled again , with that strange slow smile which those fellows have . ‘ It matters not how , but Rung knew that the diamond was there . He had seen the Captain open the box , and take it out and look at it many a time when the Captain thought no one could see him . He could have stolen it from him almost any night when he was asleep , but that was left for his friend to do . ’ ‘ Was the diamond you speak of a very valuable one ? ’ I asked . ‘ It was a green diamond of immense value , ’ answered Rung ; ‘ it was called The Great Hara because of its colour , and it was first worn by the terrible Aureng-Zebe himself , who had it set in the haft of his scimitar . ’ ‘ But by what means did Captain Chillington become possessed of so valuable a stone ? ’ Said he , ‘ Two years ago , at the risk of his own life , he rescued the eldest son of the Rajah of Gondulpootra from a tiger who had carried away the child into the jungle . The Rajah is one of the richest men in India , and he showed his gratitude by secretly presenting the Great Hara Diamond to the man who had saved the life of his child . ’ ‘ But why should Captain Chillington carry so valuable a stone about his person ? ’ I asked . ‘ Would it not have been wiser to deposit it in the bank at Bombay till such time as the Captain could take it with him to England ? ’ ‘ The stone is a charmed stone , ’ said Rung , ‘ and it was the Rajah 's particular wish that the sahib Chillington should always wear it about his person . So long as he did so he could not come to his death by fire by water , or by sword thrust . ’ Said I , ‘ But how did the Russian know that Captain Chillington carried the diamond about his person ? ’ ‘ One night when the Captain had had too much wine he showed the diamond to his friend , ’ answered Rung . Said I , ‘ But how does it happen , Rung , that you know this ? ’ Rung , smiling and putting his finger tips together , replied , ‘ How does it happen that I know so much about you ? ’ And then he told me a lot of things about myself that I thought no soul in India knew . It was just wonderful how he did it . ‘ So it is : let that be sufficient , ’ he finished by saying . ‘ Why did you not tell me till after the Russian had gone away that you saw him steal the diamond ? ’ said I . ‘ If you had told me at the time I could have charged him with it . ’ ‘ You are ignorant , ’ said Rung ; ‘ you are little more than a child . The Russian sahib had the evil eye . Had I crossed his purpose before his face he would have cursed me while he looked at me , and I should have withered away and died . He has got the diamond , and only by magic can it ever be recovered from him . ’ “ Your ladyship and miss , I hope I am not tedious nor wandering from the point . It will be sufficient to say that when I got down to Chinapore I found that M. Platzoff had indeed been there , but only just long enough to see the Colonel and give him an account of Captain Chillington 's death , after which he had at once engaged a palanquin and bearers and set out with all speed for Bombay . It was now my turn to see the Colonel , and after I had given over into his hands all my dead master 's property that I had brought with me from the Hills , I told him the story of the diamond as Rung had told it to me . He was much struck by it , and ordered me to take Rung to him the next morning . But that very night Rung disappeared , and was never seen in the camp again . Whether he was frightened at what he called the Russian 's evil eye — frightened that Platzoff could blight him even from a distance , I have no means of knowing . In any case , gone he was ; and from that day to this I have never set eyes on him . Well , the Colonel said he would take a note of what I had told him about the diamond , and that I must leave the matter entirely in his hands . “ Your ladyship , a fortnight after that the Colonel shot himself . “ To make short a long story — we got a fresh Colonel , and were removed to another part of the country ; and there , a few weeks later , I was knocked down by fever , and was a long time before I thoroughly recovered my strength . A year or two later our regiment was ordered back to England , but a day or two before we should have sailed I had a letter telling me that my old sweetheart was dead . This news seemed to take all care for life out of me , and on the spur of the moment I volunteered into a regiment bound for China , in which country war was just breaking out . There , and at other places abroad , I stopped till just four months ago , when I was finally discharged , with my pension , and a bullet in my pocket that had been taken out of my skull . I only landed in England nine days ago , and as soon as it was possible for me to do so , I came to see your ladyship . And I think that is all . ” The Sergeant 's forefinger went to his forehead again as he brought his narrative to an end . Lady Chillington kept on fanning herself in silence for a little while after the old soldier had done speaking . Her features wore the proud , impassive look that they generally put on when before strangers : in the present case they were no index to the feelings at work underneath . At length she spoke . “ After the suicide of your Colonel did you mention the supposed robbery of the diamond to anyone else ? ” “ To no one else , your ladyship . For several reasons . I was unaware what steps he might have taken between the time of my telling him and the time of his death to prove or disprove the truth of the story . In the second place , Rung had disappeared . I could only tell the story at secondhand . It had been told me by an eye-witness , but that witness was a native , and the word of a native does not go for much in those parts . In the third place , the Russian had also disappeared , and had left no trace behind . What could I do ? Had I told the story to my new Colonel , I should mayhap only have been scouted as a liar or a madman . Besides , we were every day expecting to be ordered home , and I had made up my mind that I would at once come and see your ladyship . At that time I had no intention of going to China , and when once I got there it was too late to speak out . But through all the years I have been away my poor dear master 's last words have lived in my memory . Many a thousand times have I thought of them both day and night , and prayed that I might live to get back to Old England , if it was only to give your ladyship the message with which I had been charged . ” “ But why could you not write to me ? ” asked Lady Chillington . “ Your ladyship , I am no scholar , ” answered the old soldier , with a vivid blush . “ What I have told you to-day in half-an-hour would have taken me years to set down — in fact , I could never have done it . ” “ So be it , ” said Lady Chillington . “ My obligation to you is all the greater for bearing in mind for so many years my poor boy 's last message , and for being at so much trouble to deliver it . ” She sighed deeply and rose from her chair . The Sergeant rose too , thinking that his interview was at an end , but at her ladyship 's request he reseated himself . Rejecting Janet 's proffered arm , which she was in the habit of leaning on in her perambulations about the house and grounds , Lady Chillington walked slowly and painfully out of the room . Presently she returned , carrying an open letter in her hand . Both the ink and the paper on which it was written were faded and yellow with age . “ This is the last letter I ever received from my son , ” said her ladyship . “ I have preserved it religiously , and it bears out very singularly what you , Sergeant , have just told me respecting the message which my darling sent me with his dying breath . In a few lines at the end he makes mention of a something of great value which he is going to bring home with him ; but he writes about it in such guarded terms that I never could satisfy myself as to the precise meaning of what he intended to convey . You , Miss Hope , will perhaps be good enough to read the lines in question aloud . They are contained in a postscript . ” Janet took the letter with reverent tenderness . Lady Chillington 's trembling fingers pointed out the lines she was to read . Janet read as under :— “ P. S .— I have reserved my most important bit of news till the last , as lady correspondents are said to do . Observe , I write ‘ are said to do , ’ because in this matter I have very little personal experience of my own to go upon . You , dear mum , are my solitary lady correspondent , and postscripts are a luxury in which you rarely indulge . But to proceed , as the novelists say . Some two years ago it was my good fortune to rescue a little yellow-skinned princekin from the clutches of a very fine young tiger ( my feet are on his hide at this present writing ) , who was carrying him off as a tit-bit for his supper . He was terribly mauled , you may be sure , but his people followed my advice in their mode of doctoring him , and he gradually got round again . The lad 's father is a Rajah , immensely rich , and a direct descendant of that ancient Mogul dynasty which once ruled this country with a rod of iron . The Rajah has daughters innumerable , but only this one son . His gratitude for what I had done was unbounded . A few weeks ago he gave me a most astounding proof of it . By a secret and trusty messenger he sent me — But no , dear mum , I will not tell you what the Rajah sent me . This letter might chance to fall into other hands than yours ( Indian letters do sometimes miscarry ) , and the secret is one which had better be kept in the family — at least for the present . So , mother mine , your curiosity must rest unsatisfied for a little while to come . I hope to be with you before many months are over , and then you shall know everything . “ The value of the Rajah 's present is something immense . I shall sell it when I get to England , and out of the proceeds I shall — well , I do n't exactly know what I shall do . Purchase my next step for one thing , but that will cost a mere trifle . Then , perhaps , buy a comfortable estate in the country , or a house in Park Lane . Your six weeks every season in London lodgings was always inexplicable to me . “ Or shall I not sell the Rajah 's present , but offer myself in marriage to some fair princess , with my heart in one hand and the G. H. D . in the other ? Madder things than that are recorded in history . In any case , do n't forget to pray for the safe arrival of your son , and ( if such a petition is allowable ) that he may not fail to bring with him the G. H. D . “ C. C . ” “ I never could understand before to-day what the letters G. H. D . were meant for , ” said Lady Chillington , as Janet gave her back the letter . “ It is now quite evident that they were intended for Great Hara Diamond ; all of which , as I said before , is confirmatory of the story you have just told me . Of course , after the lapse of so many years , there is not the remotest possibility of recovering the diamond ; but my obligation to you , Sergeant Nicholas , is in no wise lessened by that fact . What are your engagements ? Are you obliged to leave here immediately , or can you remain a short time in the neighbourhood ? ” “ I can give your ladyship a week , or even a fortnight , if you wish it . ” “ I am greatly obliged to you . I do wish it — I wish to talk to you respecting my son , and you are the only one now living who can tell me about him . You shall find that I am not ungrateful for what you have done for me . In the meantime , you will stop at the King 's Arms , in Eastbury . Miss Hope will give you a note to the landlord . Come up here to-morrow at eleven . And now I must say good-morning . I am not very strong , and your news has shaken me a little . Will you do me the honour of shaking hands with me ? It was your hands that closed my poor boy 's eyes — that touched him last on earth ; let those hands now be touched by his mother . ” Lady Chillington stood up and extended both her withered hands . The old soldier came forward with a blush and took them respectfully , tenderly . He bent his head and touched each of them in turn with his lips . Tears stood in his eyes . “ God bless you , Sergeant Nicholas ! You are a good man and a true gentleman , ” said Lady Chillington . Then she turned and slowly left the room . CHAPTER XXI . COUNSEL TAKEN WITH MR. MADGIN . After her interview with Sergeant Nicholas , Lady Chillington dismissed Janet for the day , and retired to her own rooms , nor was she seen out of them till the following morning . No one was admitted to see her save Dance . Janet , after sitting with Sister Agnes all the afternoon , went down at dusk to the housekeeper 's room . “ Whatever did you do to her ladyship this morning ? ” asked Dance as soon as she entered . “ She has tasted neither bit nor sup since breakfast , but ever since that old shabby-looking fellow went away she has lain on the sofa , staring at the wall as if there was some writing on it she was trying to read but did n't know how . I thought she was ill , and asked her if I should send for the doctor . She laughed at me without taking her eyes off the wall , and bade me begone for an old fool . If there 's not a change by morning , I shall just send for the doctor without asking her leave . Surely you and that old fellow have bewitched her ladyship between you . ” Janet in reply told Dance all that had passed at the morning 's interview , feeling quite sure that in doing so she was violating no confidence , and that Lady Chillington herself would be the first to tell everything to her faithful old servant as soon as she should be sufficiently composed to do so . As a matter of course Dance was full of wonder . “ Did you know Captain Chillington ? ” asked Janet , as soon as the old dame 's surprise had in some measure toned itself down . “ Did I know curly-pated , black-eyed Master Charley ? ” asked the old woman . “ Ay — who better ? These arms , withered and yellow now , then plump and strong , held him before he had been an hour in the world . The day he left England I went with her ladyship to see him aboard ship . As he shook me by the hand for the last time he said , ‘ You will never leave my mother , will you , Dance ? ’ And I said , ‘ Never , while I live , dear Master Charles , ’ and I 've kept my word . ” “ Her ladyship has never been like the same woman since she heard the news of his death , ” resumed Dance after a pause . “ It seemed to sour her and harden her , and make her altogether different . There had been a great deal of unhappiness at home for some years before he went away . He and his father , Sir John — he that now lies so quiet upstairs — had a terrible quarrel just after Master Charles went into the army , and it was a quarrel that was never made up in this world . He was an awful man — Sir John — a wicked man : pray that such a one may never cross your path . The only happiness he seemed to have on earth was in making those over whom he had any power miserable . It was impossible for my lady to love him , but she tried to do her duty by him till he and Master Charles fell out . What the quarrel was about I never rightly understood , but my lady would have it that Master Charles was in the right and her husband in the wrong . One result was that Sir John stopped the income that he had always allowed his son , and took a frightful oath that if Master Charles were dying of starvation before his eyes he would not give him as much as a penny to buy bread with . But her ladyship , who had money in her own right , said that Master Charles 's income should go on as usual . Then she and Sir John quarrelled ; and she left him and came to live at Deepley Walls , leaving him at Dene Folly ; and here she stayed till Sir John was taken with his last illness and sent for her . He sent for her , not to make up the quarrel , but to jibe and sneer at her , and to make her wait on him day and night , as if she were a paid nurse from a hospital . While this was going on , and after Sir John had been quite given up by the doctors , news came from India of Master Charles 's death . Well , her ladyship went nigh distracted ; but as for the baronet , it was said , though I wo n't vouch for the truth of it , that he only laughed when the news was told him , and said that if he was plagued as much with corns in the next world as he had been in this , he should find Master Charles 's arm very useful to lean upon . Two days later he died , and the title , and Dene Folly with it , went to a far-away cousin , whom neither Sir John nor his wife had ever seen . Then it was found how the baronet had contrived that his spite should outlive him — for only out of spite and mean cruelty could he have made such a will as he did make : that Deepley Walls should not become her ladyship 's absolute property till the end of twenty years , during the whole of which time his body was to remain unburied , and to be kept under the same roof with his widow , wherever she might live . The mean , paltry scoundrel ! Perhaps her ladyship might have had the will set aside , but she would not go to law about it . Thank Heaven ! the twenty years are nearly at an end . Deepley Walls has been a haunted house ever since that midnight when Sir John was borne in on the shoulders of six strong men . And now tell me whether her ladyship is not a woman to be pitied . ” At a quarter before eleven next morning , Mr. Solomon Madgin , Lady Chillington 's agent and general man-of-business , arrived by appointment at Deepley Walls . Mr. Madgin was indispensable to her ladyship , who had a considerable quantity of house property in and around Eastbury , consisting chiefly of small tenements , the rents of which had to be collected weekly . Then Mr. Madgin was bailiff for the Deepley Walls estate , in connection with which were several small farms or “ holdings ” which required to be well looked after in many ways . Besides all this , her ladyship , having a few spare thousands , had taken of late years to dabbling in scrip and shares in a small way , and under the skilful pilotage of Mr. Madgin had hitherto contrived to steer clear of those rocks and shoals of speculation on which so many gallant argosies are wrecked . In short , everything except the law-business of the estate filtered through Mr. Madgin 's hands , and as he did his work cheaply and well , and put up with her ladyship 's ill-temper without a murmur , the mistress of Deepley Walls could hardly have found anyone who would have suited her better . Mr. Solomon Madgin was a little dried-up man , about sixty years old . His tail-coat and vest of rusty black were of the fashion of twenty years ago . He wore drab trousers , and shoes tied with bows of black ribbon . His head , bald on the crown , had an ample fringe of white hair at the back and sides , and was covered , when he went abroad , with a beaver hat , very fluffy and much too tall for him , and which , once upon a time , had probably been nearly as white as his hair , but was now time-worn and weather-stained to one uniform and consistent drab . Round his neck he always wore a voluminous cravat of unstarched muslin fastened in front with an old-fashioned pearl brooch , above which protruded the two spiked points of a very stiff and pugnacious-looking collar . A strong alpaca umbrella , unfashionably corpulent , was his constant companion . Mr. Madgin 's whiskers were shaved off in an exact line with the end of his nose . His eyebrows were very white and bushy , and could serve on occasion as a screen to the greenish , crafty-looking eyes below them , which never liked to be peered into too closely . The ordinary expression of his thin , dried-up face was one of hard , worldly shrewdness ; but there was a lurking bonhommie in his smile which seemed to imply that , away from business , he might possibly mellow into a boon companion . Mr. Madgin had to wait a few minutes this morning before Lady Chillington could receive him . When he was ushered into her sitting-room he was surprised to find that she and Miss Hope were not alone ; that a plainly-dressed man , who looked almost as old as Mr. Madgin himself , was seated at the table . After one suspicious glance at the stranger , Mr. Madgin made his bow to the ladies and walked up to the table with his bag of papers . “ You can put all those things away for the day , Mr. Madgin , ” said her ladyship . “ A far more important matter claims our attention just now . In the first place I must introduce to you Sergeant Nicholas , many years ago servant to my son , Captain Chillington , who died in India . ( Sergeant , this is Mr. Madgin , my man of business .) The Sergeant , who has only just returned to England , told me yesterday a very curious story which I am desirous that he should repeat in your presence to-day . The story relates to a diamond of great value , said to have been stolen from the body of my son immediately after death , and I shall require you to give me your opinion as to the feasibility of its recovery . You will take such notes of the narrative as you may think necessary , and the Sergeant will afterwards answer , to the best of his ability , any questions you may choose to put to him . ” Then turning to the old soldier , she added : “ You will be good enough , Sergeant , to repeat to Mr. Madgin such parts of your narrative of yesterday as have any reference to the diamond . Begin with my son 's dying message . Repeat , word for word , as closely as you can remember , all that was told you by the sycee Rung . Describe as minutely as possible the personal appearance of M. Platzoff ; and detail any other points that bear on the loss of the diamond . ” So the Sergeant began , but the repetition of a long narrative not learnt by heart is by no means an easy matter , especially when they to whom it was first told hear it for the second time , but rather as critics than as ordinary listeners . Besides , the taking of notes was a process that smacked of a court-martial and tended to flurry the narrator , making him feel as if he were upon his oath and liable to be browbeat by the counsel for the other side . He was heartily glad when he got to the end of what he had to tell . The postscript to Captain Chillington 's letter was then read by Miss Hope . Mr. Madgin took copious notes as the Sergeant went on , and afterwards put a few questions to him on different points which he thought not sufficiently clear . Then he laid down his pen , rubbed his hands , and ran his fingers through his scanty hair . Lady Chillington rang for her butler , and gave the Sergeant into his keeping , knowing that he could not be in better hands . Then she said : “ I will leave you , Mr. Madgin , for half-an-hour . Go carefully through your notes , and let me have your opinion when I come back as to whether , after so long a time , you think it worth while to institute any proceedings for the recovery of the diamond . ” So Mr. Madgin was left alone with what he called his “ considering cap . ” As soon as the door was closed behind her ladyship , he tilted back his chair , stuck his feet on the table , buried his hands deep in his pockets and shut his eyes , and so remained for full five-and-twenty minutes . He was busy consulting his notes when Lady Chillington re-entered the room . Mr. Madgin began at once . “ I must confess , ” he said , “ that the case which your ladyship has submitted to me seems , from what I can see of it at present , to be surrounded with difficulties . Still , I am far from counselling your ladyship to despair entirely . The few points which , at the first glance , present themselves as requiring solution are these :— Who was the M. Platzoff who is said to have stolen the diamond ? and what position in life did he really occupy ? Is he alive or dead ? If alive , where is he now living ? If he did really steal the diamond , are not the chances as a hundred to one that he disposed of it long ago ? But even granting that we were in a position to answer all these questions ; suppose , even , that this M. Platzoff were living in Eastbury at the present moment , and that fact were known to us , how much nearer should we be to the recovery of the diamond than we are now ? Your ladyship must please to bear in mind that as the case is now we have not an inch of legal ground to stand upon . We have no evidence that would be worth a rush in a court of law that M. Platzoff really purloined the diamond . We have no trustworthy evidence that the diamond itself ever had an existence . ” “ Surely , Mr. Madgin , my son 's letter is sufficient to prove that fact . ” “ Sufficient , perhaps , in conjunction with the other evidence , to prove it in a moral sense , but certainly not in a legal one , ” said Mr. Madgin , quietly but decisively . “ Your ladyship must please to bear in mind that Captain Chillington in his letter makes no absolute mention of the diamond by name ; he merely writes of it vaguely under certain initials , and , if called upon , how could you prove that he intended those initials to stand for the words Great Hara Diamond , and not for something altogether different ? If M. Platzoff were your ladyship 's next-door neighbour , and you knew for certain that he had the diamond still in his possession , you could only get it from him as he himself got it from your son — by subterfuge and artifice . Your ladyship will please to observe that I have put forward no opinion on the case . I have merely offered a statement of plain facts as they show themselves on the surface . With those facts before you it rests with your ladyship to decide what further steps you wish taken in the matter . ” “ My good Madgin , do you know what it is to hate ? ” demanded Lady Chillington . “ To hate with a hatred that dwarfs all other passions of the soul , and makes them pigmies by comparison ? If you know this , you know the feeling with which I regard M. Platzoff . If you want the key to the feeling , you have it in the fact that his accursed hands robbed my dead son : even then you must have a mother 's heart to feel all that I feel . ” She paused for a moment as if to recover breath ; then she resumed . “ See you , Mr. Solomon Madgin ; I have a conviction , an intuition , call it what you will , that this Russian scoundrel is still alive . That is the first fact you have to find out . The next is , where he is now residing . Then you will have to ascertain whether he has the diamond still in his possession , and if so , by what means it can be recovered . Only recover it for me — I ask not how or by what means — only put into my hands the diamond that was stolen off my son 's breast as he lay dead ; and the day you do that , my good Madgin , I will present you with a cheque for five thousand pounds ! ” Mr. Madgin sat as one astounded ; the power of reply seemed taken from him . “ Go , now , ” said Lady Chillington , after a few moments . “ Ordinary business is out of the question to-day . Go home and carefully digest what I have just said to you . That you are a man of resources , I know well ; had you not been so , I would not have employed you in this matter . Come to me to-morrow , next day , next week — when you like ; only do n't come barren of ideas ; do n't come without a plan , likely or unlikely , of some sort of a campaign . ” Mr. Madgin rose and swept his papers mechanically into his bag . “ Your ladyship said five thousand pounds , if I mistake not ? ” he stammered out . “ A cheque for five thousand pounds shall be yours on the day you bring me the diamond . Is not my word sufficient , or do you wish to have it under bond and seal ? ” she asked with some hauteur . “ Your ladyship 's word is an all-sufficient bond , ” answered Mr. Madgin , with sweet humility . He paused , with the handle of the door in his hand . “ Supposing I were to see my way to carrying out your ladyship 's wishes in this respect , ” he said deferentially , “ or even to carrying out a portion of them only , still it could not be done without expense — not without considerable expense , maybe . ” “ I give you carte-blanche as regards expenses , ” said her ladyship with decision . Then Mr. Madgin gave a farewell duck of the head and went . He took his way homeward through the park like a man walking in his sleep . With wide-open eyes and hat well set on the back of his head , with his blue bag in one hand and his umbrella under his arm , he trudged onward , even after he had reached the busy streets of the little town , without seeing anything or anyone . What he saw , he saw introspectively . On the one hand glittered the tempting bait held out by Lady Chillington ; on the other loomed the dark problem that had to be solved before he could call the golden apple his . “ The most arrant wild-goose chase that ever I heard of in all my life , ” he muttered to himself , as he halted at his own door . “ Not a single ray of light anywhere — not one . ” “ Popsey , ” he called out to his daughter , when he was inside , “ bring me the decanter of whisky , some cold water , my tobacco-jar and a new churchwarden into the office ; and do n't let me be disturbed by anyone for four hours . ” ( To be continued .) ON LETTER-WRITING . It is a matter of common remark that the epistolary art has been killed by the penny post , not to speak of post-cards . This is a result which was hardly anticipated by Sir Rowland Hill , when , in the face of many obstacles , he carried his great scheme ; and certainly it did not dwell very vividly before the mind of Mr. Elihu Burritt , the learned blacksmith , when he travelled over England , speaking there , as he had already done in America , in favour of an ocean penny postage . It is urged that in the old days when postage was dear , and “ franks ” were difficult to procure , and when the poor did not correspond at all , writers were very careful to write well and to say the very best they could in the best possible way — to make their letters , in a word , worthy of the expense incurred . But those who argue on this ground leave out of consideration one little fact . The classes to whom English literature is indebted for the epistolary samples on which reliance is placed for proof of this proposition , very seldom indeed paid for the conveyance of the letters in question . The system of “ franking ” — by which the privileged classes got not only their letters carried , but a great deal too often their dressing-cases and bandboxes as well — grew into a most serious grievance ; so serious indeed that the opposition for a long period carried on against cheap postage arose solely from over nice regard to the vested interests of those who could command a little favour from a Peer , a Member of Parliament , or an official of high rank , not to speak of those patriotic worthies themselves . The fact may thus be made to cut two ways . From our point of view , it may be cited in direct denial of the conclusion that people wrote well in past days simply because the conveyance of their letters was costly . We believe that the mass wrote just as badly and loosely then as the mass do now , in fact that they were rather loose on rules of spelling ; and that the specimens preserved and presented to us in type are exceptional , and escaped destruction with the mass precisely because they were exceptional . Other circumstances may be taken to account for the loose epistolary style or rather no-style now so common ; and this refers us to the general question of education — more especially the education of women . In those days the few were educated ; and to be educated was regarded as the distinctive mark of a leisured and cultivated class : now , education is general , but , like many other things , it has suffered in the process of diffusion , whether or not it may in the long run suffer by the diffusion itself . The truth is , time alone can tell whether among the select nowadays the epistolary art is not simply as perfect as it was in days past ; at all events we believe so , and proceed to set down a few reflections on letter-writing . To write a really good letter , two things in especial are demanded . The first is , that you write only of that which is either familiar to you or in which you have some interest ; and in the next , that you can write with ease , and on a footing of freedom as regards your correspondent . “ The pen , ” says Cervantes , “ is the tongue of the mind , ” and in no form of composition is this more strictly true than of letters . In a certain degree a letter should share the characteristics of good conversation : the writer must realise the presence and the mood of the person for whom the letter is destined . Just as good-breeding suggests that you must have the tastes and sentiments of your interlocutor before you for ends of enjoyable conversation , and that , within the limits of propriety and self-respect , you should at once humour them and use them ; so in good letter-writing you must write for your correspondent 's pleasure as well as please , by merely communicating , yourself . Here comes in the delightful element of vicarious sympathy , or dramatic transference , which , brought into play successfully , with some degree of wit and sprightliness of expression , may raise letter-writing to the level of a fine art . And this allowed , it is clear that letters may just be as good now as at any former period , and accidental circumstances have really little to do with it . Humboldt has well said that “ A letter is a conversation between the present and the absent . Its fate is that it cannot last , but must pass away like the sound of the voice . ” And just as in conversation all attempt at eloquence and personal celebration in this kind is rigidly proscribed , so in letter-writing are all kinds of fine-writing and rhetoric . “ Brilliant speakers and writers , ” it has been well said , “ should remember that coach wheels are better than Catherine wheels to travel on . ” One 's first business , in letter-writing is to say what one has to say , and the second to say it well and with taste and ease . A. H. JAPP , LL. D . THE SILENT CHIMES . SILENT FOR EVER . Breakfast was on the table in Mr. Hamlyn 's house in Bryanstone Square , and Mrs. Hamlyn waited , all impatience , for her lord and master . Not in any particular impatience for the meal itself , but that she might “ have it out with him ” — the phrase was hers , not mine , as you will see presently — in regard to the perplexity existing in her mind connected with the strange appearance of the damsel watching the house , in her beauty and her pale golden hair . Why had Philip Hamlyn turned sick and faint — to judge by his changing countenance — when she had charged him at dinner , the previous evening , with knowing something of this mysterious woman ? Mysterious in her actions , at all events ; probably in herself . Mrs. Hamlyn wanted to know that . No further opportunity had then been given for pursuing the subject . Japhet had returned to the room , and before the dinner was at an end , some acquaintance of Mr. Hamlyn had fetched him out for the evening . And he came home with so fearful a headache that he had lain groaning and turning all through the night . Mrs. Hamlyn was not a model of patience , but in all her life she had never felt so impatient as now . He came into the room looking pale and shivery ; a sure sign that he was suffering ; that it was not an invented excuse . Yes , the pain was better , he said , in answer to his wife 's question ; and might be much better after a strong cup of tea ; he could not imagine what had brought it on . She could have told him though , had she been gifted with the magical power of reading minds , and have seen the nervous apprehension that was making havoc with his . Mrs. Hamlyn gave him his tea in silence , and buttered a dainty bit of toast to tempt him to eat . But he shook his head . “ I cannot , Eliza . Nothing but tea this morning . ” “ I am sorry you are ill , ” she said , by-and-by . “ I fear it hurts you to talk ; but I want to have it out with you . ” “ Have it out with me ! ” cried he , in real or feigned surprise . “ Have what out with me ? ” “ Oh , you know , Philip . About that woman who has been watching the house these two days ; evidently watching for you . ” “ But I told you I knew nothing about her : who she is , or what she is , or what she wants . I really do not know . ” Well , so far that was true . But all the while a sick fear lay on his heart that he did know ; or , rather , that he was destined to know very shortly . “ When I told you her hair was like threads of fine , pale gold , you seemed to start , Philip , as if you knew some girl or woman with such hair , or had known her . ” “ I daresay I have known a score of women with such hair . My dear little sister who died , for instance . ” “ Do not attempt to evade the subject , ” was the haughty reprimand . “ If — ” Mrs. Hamlyn 's sharp speech was interrupted by the entrance of Japhet , bringing in the morning letters . Only one letter , however , for they were not as numerous in those days as they are in these . “ It seems to be important , ma'am , ” Japhet remarked , with the privilege of an old servant , as he handed it to his mistress . She saw it was from Leet Hall , in Mrs. Carradyne 's handwriting , and bore the words : “ In haste , ” above the address . Tearing it open , Eliza Hamlyn read the short , sad news it contained . Captain Monk had been taken suddenly ill with inward inflammation . Mr. Speck feared the worst , and the Captain had asked for Eliza . Would she come down at once ? “ Oh , Philip , I must not lose a minute , ” she exclaimed , passing the letter to him , and forgetting the pale gold hair and its owner . “ Do you know anything about the Worcestershire trains ? ” “ No , ” he answered . “ The better plan will be to get to the station as soon as possible , and then you will be ready for the first train that starts . ” “ Will you go down with me , Philip ? ” “ I cannot . I will take you to the station . ” “ Why can n't you ? ” “ Because I cannot just now leave London . My dear , you may believe me , for it is the truth . I cannot do so . I wish I could . ” And she saw it was true : for his tone was so earnest as to tell of pain . Making what haste she could , kissing her boy a hundred times , and recommending him to the special care of his nurse and of his father during her absence , she drove with her husband to the station , and was just in time for a train . Mr. Hamlyn watched it steam out of the station , and then looked up at the clock . “ I suppose it 's not too early to see him , ” he muttered . “ I 'll chance it , at any rate . Hope he will be less suffering than he was yesterday , and less crusty , too . ” Dismissing his carriage , for he felt more inclined to walk than to drive , he went through the park to Pimlico , and gained the house of Major Pratt . This was Friday . On the previous Wednesday evening a note had been brought to Mr. Hamlyn by Major Pratt 's servant , a sentence in which , as the reader may remember , ran as follows : “ I suppose there was no mistake in the report that that ship did go down — and that none of the passengers were saved from it ? ” This puzzled Philip Hamlyn : perhaps somewhat troubled him in a hazy kind of way . For he could only suppose that the ship alluded to must be the sailing vessel in which his first wife , false and faithless , and his little son of a twelvemonth old had been lost some five or six years ago — the Clipper of the Seas . And the next day , ( Thursday ) he had gone to Major Pratt 's , as requested , to carry the prescription for gout he had asked for , and also to inquire of the Major what he meant . But the visit was a fruitless one . Major Pratt was in bed with an attack of gout , so ill and so “ crusty ” that nothing could be got out of him excepting a few bad words and as many groans . Mr. Hamlyn then questioned Saul — of whom he used to see a good deal in India , for he had been the Major 's servant for years and years . “ Do you happen to know , Saul , whether the Major wanted me for anything in particular ? He asked me to call here this morning . ” Saul began to consider . He was a tall , thin , cautious , slow-speaking man , honest as the day , and very much attached to his master . “ Well , sir , he got a letter yesterday morning that seemed to put him out , for I found him swearing over it . And he said he 'd like you to see it . ” “ Who was the letter from ? What was it about ? ” “ It looked like Miss Caroline 's writing , sir , and the postmark was Essex . As to what it was about — well , the Major did n't directly tell me , but I gathered that it might be about — ” “ About what ? ” questioned Mr Hamlyn , for the man had come to a dead standstill . “ Speak out , Saul . ” “ Then , sir , ” said Saul , slowly rubbing the top of his head , and the few grey hairs left on it , “ I thought — as you tell me to speak — it must be something concerning that ship you know of ; she that went down on her voyage home , Mr. Philip . ” “ The Clipper of the Seas ? ” “ Just so , sir ; the Clipper of the Seas . I thought it by this , ” added Saul : “ that pretty nigh all day afterwards he talked of nothing but that ship , asking me if I should suppose it possible that the ship had not gone down and every soul on board , leastways of her passengers , with her . ‘ Master , ’ said I , in answer , ‘ had that ship not gone down and all her passengers with her , rely upon it , they 'd have turned up long before this . ’ ‘ Ay , ay , ’ stormed he , ‘ and Caroline 's a fool ’ — Which of course meant his sister , you know , sir . ” Philip Hamlyn could not make much of this . So many years had elapsed now since news came out to the world that the unfortunate ship , Clipper of the Seas , went down off the coast of Spain on her homeward voyage , and all her passengers with her , as to be a fact of the past . Never a doubt had been cast upon any part of the tidings , so far as he knew . With an uneasy feeling at his heart , he went off to the city , to call upon the brokers , or agents , of the ship : remembering quite well who they were , and that they lived in Fenchurch Street . An elderly man , clerk in the house for many years , and now a partner , received him . “ The Clipper of the Seas ? ” repeated the old gentleman , after listening to what Mr. Hamlyn had to say . “ No , sir , we do n't know that any of her passengers were saved ; always supposed they were not . But lately we have had some little cause to doubt whether one or two might not have been . ” Philip Hamlyn 's heart beat faster . “ Will you tell me why you think this ? ” “ It is n't that we think it ; at best ‘ tis but a doubt , ” was the reply . “ One of our own ships , getting in last month from Madras , had a sailor on board who chanced to remark to me , when he was up here getting his pay , that it was not the first time he had served in our employ : he had been in that ship that was lost , the Clipper of the Seas . And he went on to say , in answer to a remark of mine about all the passengers having been lost , that that was not quite correct , for that one of them had certainly been saved — a lady or a nurse , he did n't know which , and also a little child that she was in charge of . He was positive about it , he added , upon my expressing my doubts , for they got to shore in the same small boat that he did . ” “ Is it true , think you ? ” gasped Mr. Hamlyn . “ Sir , we are inclined to think it is not true , ” emphatically spoke the old gentleman . “ Upon inquiring about this man 's character , we found that he is given to drinking , so that what he says cannot always be relied upon . Again , it seems next to an impossibility that if any passenger were saved we should not have heard of it . Altogether we feel inclined to judge that the man , though evidently believing he spoke truth , was but labouring under an hallucination . ” “ Can you tell me where I can find the man ? ” asked Mr. Hamlyn , after a pause . “ Not anywhere at present , sir . He has sailed again . ” So that ended it for the day . Philip Hamlyn went home and sat down to dinner with his wife , as already spoken of . And when she told him that the mysterious lady waiting outside must be waiting for him — probably some acquaintance of his of the years gone by — it set his brain working and his pulses throbbing , for he suddenly connected her with what he had that day heard . No wonder his head ached ! To-day , after seeing his wife off by train , he went to find Major Pratt . The Major was better , and could talk , swearing a great deal over the gout , and the letter . “ It was from Caroline , ” he said , alluding to his sister , Miss Pratt , who had been with him in India . “ She lives in Essex , you know , Philip . ” “ Oh , yes , I know , ” answered Philip Hamlyn . “ But what is it that Caroline says in her letter ? ” “ You shall hear , ” said the Major , producing his sister 's letter and opening it . “ Listen . Here it is . ‘ The strangest thing has happened , brother ! Susan went to London yesterday to get my fronts recurled at the hairdresser 's , and she was waiting in the shop , when a lady came out of the back room , having been in there to get a little boy 's hair cut . Susan was quite struck dumb when she saw her : She thinks it was poor erring Dolly ; never saw such a likeness before , she says ; could almost swear to her by the lovely pale gold hair . The lady pulled her veil over her face when she saw Susan staring at her , and went away with great speed . Susan asked the hairdresser 's people if they knew the lady 's name , or who she was , but they told her she was a stranger to them ; had never been in the shop before . Dear Richard , this is troubling me ; I could not sleep all last night for thinking of it . Do you suppose it is possible that Dolly and the boy were not drowned ? Your affectionate sister , Caroline . ’ Now , did you ever read such a letter ? ” stormed the Major . “ If that Susan went home and said she 'd seen St. Paul 's blown up , Caroline would believe it . Who 's Susan , d'ye say ? Why , you 've lost your memory , Philip . Susan was the English maid we had with us in Calcutta . ” “ It cannot possibly be true , ” cried Mr. Hamlyn with quivering lips . “ True , no ! of course it can n't be , hang it ! Or else what would you do ? ” That might be logical though not satisfactory reasoning . And Mr. Hamlyn thought of the woman said to be watching for him , and her pale gold hair . “ She was a cunning jade , if ever there was one , mark you , Philip Hamlyn ; that false wife of yours and kin of mine ; came of a cunning family on the mother 's side . Put it that she was saved : if it suited her to let us suppose she was drowned , why , she 'd do it . I know Dolly . ” And poor Philip Hamlyn , assenting to the truth of this with all his heart , went out to face the battle that might be coming upon him , lacking the courage for it . II . The cold , clear afternoon air touching their healthy faces , and Jack Frost nipping their noses , raced Miss West and Kate Dancox up and down the hawthorn walk . It had pleased that arbitrary young damsel , who was still very childish , to enter a protest against going beyond the grounds that fine winter 's day ; she would be in the hawthorn walk , or nowhere ; and she would run races there . As Miss West gave in to her whims for peace ’ sake in things not important , and as she was young enough herself not to dislike running , to the hawthorn walk they went . Captain Monk was recovering rapidly . His sudden illness had been caused by drinking some cold cider when some out-door exercise had made him dangerously hot . The alarm and apprehension had now subsided ; and Mrs. Hamlyn , arriving three days ago in answer to the hasty summons , was thinking of returning to London . “ You are cheating ! ” called out Kate , flying off at a tangent to cross her governess 's path . “ You 've no right to get before me ! ” “ Gently , ” corrected Miss West . “ My dear , we have run enough for to-day . ” “ We have n't , you ugly , cross old thing ! Aunt Eliza says you are ugly . And — ” The young lady 's amenities were cut short by finding herself suddenly lifted off her feet by Mr. Harry Carradyne , who had come behind them . “ Let me alone , Harry ! You are always coming where you are not wanted . Aunt Eliza says so . ” A sudden light , as of mirth , illumined Harry Carradyne 's fresh , frank countenance . “ Aunt Eliza says all those things , does she ? Well , Miss Kate , she also says something else — that you are now to go indoors . ” “ What for ? I sha n't go in . ” “ Oh , very well . Then that dandified silk frock for the new year that the dressmaker is waiting to try on can be put aside until midsummer . ” Kate dearly loved new silk frocks , and she raced away . The governess followed more slowly , Mr. Carradyne talking by her side . For some months now their love dream had been going on ; aye , and the love-making too . Not altogether surreptitiously ; neither of them would have liked that . Though not expedient to proclaim it yet to Captain Monk and the world , Mrs. Carradyne knew of it and tacitly sanctioned it . Alice West turned her face , blushing uncomfortably , to him as they walked . “ I am glad to have this opportunity of saying something to you , ” she spoke with hesitation . “ Are you not upon rather bad terms with Mrs. Hamlyn ? ” “ She is with me , ” replied Harry . “ And — am I the cause ? ” continued Alice , feeling as if her fears were confirmed . “ Not at all . She has not fathomed the truth yet , with all her penetration , though she may have some suspicion of it . Eliza wants to bend me to her will in the matter of the house , and I wo n't be bent . Old Peveril wishes to resign the lease of Peacock Range to me ; I wish to take it from him , and Eliza objects . She says Peveril promised her the house until the seven years ’ lease was out , and that she means to keep him to his bargain . ” “ Do you quarrel ? ” “ Quarrel ! no , ” laughed Harry Carradyne . “ I joke with her , rather than quarrel . But I do n't give in . She pays me some left-handed compliments , telling me that I am no gentleman , that I 'm a bear , and so on ; to which I make my bow . ” Alice West was gazing straight before her , a troubled look in her eyes . “ Then you see that I am the remote cause of the quarrel , Harry . But for thinking of me , you would not care to take the house on your own hands . ” “ I do n't know that . Be very sure of one thing , Alice : that I shall not stay an hour longer under the roof here if my uncle disinherits me . That he , a man of indomitable will , should be so long making up his mind is a proof that he shrinks from committing the injustice . The suspense it keeps me in is the worst of all . I told him so the other evening when we were sitting together and he was in an amiable mood . I said that any decision he might come to would be more tolerable than this prolonged suspense . ” Alice drew a long breath at his temerity . Harry laughed . “ Indeed , I quite expected to be ordered out of the room in a storm . Instead of that , he took it quietly , civilly telling me to have a little more patience ; and then began to speak of the annual new year 's dinner , which is not far off now . ” “ Mrs. Carradyne is thinking that he may not hold the dinner this year , as he has been so ill , ” remarked the young lady . “ He will never give that up , Alice , as long as he can hold anything ; and he is almost well again , you know . Oh , yes ; we shall have the dinner and the chimes also . ” “ I have never heard the chimes , ” she said . “ They have not played since I came to Church Leet . ” “ They are to play this year , ” said Harry Carradyne . “ But I do n't think my mother knows it . ” “ Is it true that Mrs. Carradyne does not like to hear the chimes ? I seem to have gathered the idea , somehow , ” added Alice . But she received no answer . Kate Dancox was changeable as the ever-shifting sea . Delighted with the frock that was in process , she extended her approbation to its maker ; and when Mrs. Ram , a homely workwoman , departed with her small bundle in her arms , it pleased the young lady to say she would attend her to her home . This involved the attendance of Miss West , who now found herself summoned to the charge . Having escorted Mrs. Ram to her lowly door , and had innumerable intricate questions answered touching trimmings and fringes , Miss Kate Dancox , disregarding her governess altogether , flew back along the road with all the speed of her active limbs , and disappeared within the churchyard . At first Alice , who was growing tired and followed slowly , could not see her ; presently , a desperate shriek guided her to an unfrequented corner where the graves were crowded . Miss Kate had come to grief in jumping over a tombstone , and bruised both her knees . “ There ! ” exclaimed Alice , sitting down on the stump of an old tree , close to the low wall . “ You 've hurt yourself now . ” “ Oh , it 's nothing , ” returned Kate , who did not make much of smarts . And she went limping away to Mr. Grame , then doing some light work in his garden . Alice sat on where she was , reading the inscription on the tombstones ; some of them so faint with time as to be hardly discernible . While standing up to make out one that seemed of a rather better class than the rest , she observed Nancy Cale , the clerk 's wife , sitting in the church-porch and watching her attentively . The poor old woman had been ill for a long time , and Alice was surprised to see her out . Leaving the inscriptions , she went across the churchyard . “ Ay , my dear young lady , I be up again , and thankful enough to say it ; and I thought as the day 's so fine , I 'd step out a bit , ” she said , in answer to the salutation . An intelligent woman , and quite sufficiently cultivated for her work — cleaning the church and washing the parson 's surplices . “ I thought John was in the church here , and came to speak to him ; but he 's not , I find ; the door 's locked . ” “ I saw John down by Mrs. Ram 's just now ; he was talking to Nott , the carpenter , ” observed Alice . “ Nancy , I was trying to make out some of those old names ; but it is difficult to do so , ” she added , pointing to the crowded corner . “ Ay , I see , my dear , ” nodded Nancy . “ His be worn a'most right off . I think I 'd have it done again , an ’ I was you . ” “ Have what done again ? ” “ The name upon your poor papa 's gravestone . ” “ The what ? ” exclaimed Alice . And Nancy repeated her words . Alice stared at her . Had Mrs. Cale 's wits vanished in her illness ? “ Do you know what you are saying , Nancy ? ” she cried ; “ I do n't . What had papa to do with this place ? I think you must be wandering . ” Nancy stared in her turn . “ Sure , it 's not possible , ” she said slowly , beginning to put two and two together , “ that you do n't know who you are , Miss West ? That your papa died here ? and lies buried here ? ” Alice West turned white , and sat down on the opposite bench to Nancy . She did know that her father had died at some small country living he held ; but she never suspected that it was at Church Leet . Her mother had gone to London after his death , and set up a school — which succeeded well . But soon she died , and the ladies who took to the school before her death took to Alice with it . The child was still too young to be told by her mother of the serious past — or Mrs. West deemed her to be so . And she had grown up in ignorance of her father 's fate and of where he died . “ When we heard , me and John , that it was a Miss West who had come to the Hall to be governess to Parson Dancox 's child , the name struck us both , ” went on Nancy . “ Next we looked at your face , my dear , to trace any likeness there might be , and we thought we saw it — for you 've got your papa 's eyes for certain . Then , one day when I was dusting in here , I let fall a hymn-book from the Hall pew ; in picking it up it came open , and the name writ in it stared me in the face , ‘ Alice West . ’ After that , we had no manner of doubt , him and me , and I 've often wished to talk with you and tell you so . My dear , I 've had you on my knee many a time when you were a little one . ” Alice burst into tears of agitation . “ I never knew it ! I never knew it . Dear Nancy , what did papa die of ? ” “ Ah , that was a sad piece of business — he was killed , ” said Nancy . And forthwith , rightly or wrongly , she , garrulous with old age , told all the history . It was an exciting interview , lasting until the shades of evening surprised them . Miss Kate Dancox might have gone roving to the other end of the globe , for all the attention given her just then . Poor Alice cried and sighed , and trembled inwardly and outwardly . “ To think that it should just be to this place that I should come as governess , and to the house of Captain Monk ! ” she wailed . “ Surely he did not kill papa !— intentionally ! ” “ No , no ; nobody has ever thought that , ” disclaimed Nancy . “ The Captain is a passionate man , as is well known , and they quarrelled , and a hot blow , not intentional , must have been struck between ‘ em . And all through them blessed chimes , Miss Alice ! Not but that they be sweet to listen to — and they be going to ring again this New Year 's Eve . ” Drawing her warm cloak about her , Nancy Cale set off towards her cottage . Alice West sat on in the sheltered porch , utterly bewildered . Never in her life had she felt so agitated , so incapable of sound and sober thought . Now it was explained why the bow-windowed sitting-room at the Vicarage would always strike her as being familiar to her memory ; as though she had at some time known one that resembled it , or perhaps seen one like it in a dream . “ Well , I 'm sure ! ” The jesting salutation came from Harry Carradyne . Despatched in search of the truants , he had found Kate at the Vicarage , making much of the last new baby there , and devouring a sumptuous tea of cakes and jam . Miss West ? Oh , Miss West was sitting in the church porch , talking to old Nancy Cale , she said to Harry . “ Why ! What is it ? ” he exclaimed in dismay , finding that the burst of emotion which he had taken to be laughter , meant tears . “ What has happened , Alice ? ” She could no more have kept the tears in than she could help — presently — telling him the news . He sat down by her and held her close to him , and pressed for it . She was the daughter of George West , who had died in the dispute with Captain Monk in the dining-room at the Hall so many years before , and who was lying here in the corner of the churchyard ; and she had never , never known it ! Mr. Carradyne was somewhat taken to ; there was no denying it ; chiefly by surprise . “ I thought your father was a soldier , Alice — Colonel West ; and died when serving in India . I 'm sure it was said so when you came . ” “ Oh , no , that could not have been said , ” she cried ; “ unless Mrs. Moffit , the agent , made the mistake . It was my uncle who died in India . No one here ever questioned me about my parents , knowing they were dead . Oh , dear , ” she went on in agitation , after a silent pause , “ what am I to do now ? I cannot stay at the Hall . Captain Monk would not allow it either . ” “ No need to tell him , ” quoth Mr. Harry . “ And — of course — we must part . You and I . ” “ Indeed ! Who says so ? ” “ I am not sure that it would be right to — to — you know . ” “ To what ? Go on , my dear . ” Alice sighed ; her eyes were fixed thoughtfully on the fast falling twilight . “ Mrs. Carradyne will not care for me when she knows who I am , ” she said in low tones . “ My dear , shall I tell you how it strikes me ? ” returned Harry : “ that my mother will be only the more anxious to have you connected with us by closer and dearer ties , so as to atone to you , in even a small degree , for the cruel wrong which fell upon your father . As to me — it shall be made my life 's best and dearest privilege . ” But when a climax such as this takes place , the right or the wrong thing to be done cannot be settled in a moment . Alice West did not see her way quite clearly , and for the present she neither said nor did anything . This little matter occurred on the Friday in Christmas week ; on the following day , Saturday , Mrs. Hamlyn was returning to London . Christmas Day this year had fallen on a Monday . Some old wives hold a superstition that when that happens , it inaugurates but small luck for the following year , either for communities or for individuals . Not that that fancy has anything to do with the present history . Captain Monk 's banquet would not be held until the Monday night : as was customary when New Year 's Eve fell on a Sunday . He had urged his daughter to remain over New Year 's Day ; but she declined , on the plea that as she had been away from her husband on Christmas Day , she would like to pass New Year 's Day with him . The truth being that she wanted to get to London to see after that yellow-haired lady who was supposed to be peeping after Philip Hamlyn . On the Saturday morning , Mrs. Hamlyn was driven to Evesham in the close carriage , and took the train to London . Her husband , ever kind and attentive , met her at the Paddington terminus . He was looking haggard , and seemed to be thinner than when she left him nine days ago . “ Are you well , Philip ? ” she asked anxiously . “ Oh , quite well , ” quickly answered poor Philip Hamlyn , smiling a warm smile , that he meant to look like a gay one . “ Nothing ever ails me . ” No , nothing might ail him bodily ; but mentally — ah , how much ! That awful terror lay upon him thick and threefold ; it had not yet come to any solution , one way or the other . Major Pratt had taken up the very worst view of it ; and spent his days pitching hard names at misbehaving syrens , gifted with “ the deuce 's own cunning ” and with mermaids ’ shining hair . “ And how have things been going , Penelope ? ” asked Mrs. Hamlyn of the nurse , as she sat in the nursery with her boy upon her knee . “ All right ? ” “ Quite so , ma'am . Master Walter has been just as good as gold . ” “ Mamma 's darling ! ” murmured the doting mother , burying her face in his . “ I have been thinking , Penelope , that your master does not look well , ” she added after a minute . “ No , ma'am ? I 've not noticed it . We have not seen much of him up here ; he has been at his club a good deal — and dined three or four times with old Major Pratt . ” “ As if she would notice it !— servants never notice anything ! ” thought Eliza Hamlyn in her imperious way of judging the world . “ By the way , Penelope , ” she said aloud in light and careless tones , “ has that woman with the yellow hair been seen about much ?— has she presumed again to accost my little son ? ” “ The woman with the yellow hair ? ” repeated Penelope , looking at her mistress , for the girl had quite forgotten the episode . “ Oh , I remember — she that stood outside there and came to us in the square-garden . No , ma'am , I 've seen nothing at all of her since that day . ” “ For there are wicked people who prowl about to kidnap children , ” continued Mrs. Hamlyn , as if she would condescend to explain her inquiry , “ and that woman looked like one . Never suffer her to approach my darling again . Mind that , Penelope . ” The jealous heart is not easily reassured . And Mrs. Hamlyn , restless and suspicious , put the same question to her husband . It was whilst they were waiting in the drawing-room for dinner to be announced , and she had come down from changing her apparel after her journey . How handsome she looked ! a right regal woman ! as she stood there arrayed in dark blue velvet , the fire-light playing upon her proud face , and upon the diamond earrings and brooch she wore . “ Philip , has that woman been prowling about here again ? ” Just for an imperceptible second , for thought is quick , it occurred to Philip Hamlyn to temporise , to affect ignorance , and say , What woman ? just as if his mind were not full of the woman , and of nothing else . But he abandoned it as useless . “ I have not seen her since ; not at all , ” he answered : and though his words were purposely indifferent , his wife , knowing all his tones and ways by heart , was not deceived . “ He is afraid of that woman , ” she whispered to herself ; “ or else afraid of me . ” But she said no more . “ Have you come to any definite understanding with Mr. Carradyne in regard to Peacock 's Range , Eliza ? ” “ He will not come to any ; he is civilly obstinate over it . Laughs in my face with the most perfect impudence , and tells me : ‘ A man must be allowed to put in his own claim to his own house , when he wants to do so . ’ ” “ Well , Eliza , that seems to be only right and fair . Percival made no positive agreement with us , remember . ” “ Is it right and fair ! That may be your opinion , Philip , but it is not mine . We shall see , Mr. Harry Carradyne ! ” “ Dinner is served , ma'am , ” announced the old butler . That evening passed . Sunday passed , the last day of the dying year ; and Monday morning , New Year 's day , dawned . New Year 's Day . Mr. and Mrs. Hamlyn were seated at the breakfast-table . It was a bright , cold , sunny morning , showing plenty of blue sky . Young Master Walter , in consideration of the day , was breakfasting at their table , seated in his high chair . “ Me to have dinner wid mamma to-day ! Me have pudding ! ” “ That you shall , my sweetest ; and everything that 's good , ” assented his mother . In came Japhet at this juncture . “ There 's a little boy in the hall , sir , asking to see you , ” said he to his master . “ He — ” “ Oh , we shall have plenty of boys here to-day , asking for a new year 's gift , ” interposed Mrs. Hamlyn , rather impatiently . “ Send him a shilling , Philip . ” “ It 's not a poor boy , ma'am , ” answered Japhet , “ but a little gentleman : six or seven years old , he looks . He says he particularly wants to see master . ” Philip Hamlyn smiled . “ Particularly wants a shilling , I expect . Send him in , Japhet . ” The lad came in . A well-dressed beautiful boy , refined in looks and demeanour , bearing in his face a strange likeness to Mr. Hamlyn . He looked about timidly . Eliza , struck with the resemblance , gazed at him . Her husband spoke . “ What do you want with me , my lad ? ” “ If you please , sir , are you Mr. Hamlyn ? ” asked the child , going forward with hesitating steps . “ Are you my papa ? ” Every drop of blood seemed to leave Philip Hamlyn 's face and fly to his heart . He could not speak , and looked white as a ghost . “ Who are you ? What is your name ? ” imperiously demanded Philip 's wife . “ It is Walter Hamlyn , ” replied the lad , in clear , pretty tones . And now it was Mrs. Hamlyn 's turn to look white . Walter Hamlyn ?— the name of her own dear son ! when she had expected him to say Sam Smith , or John Jones ! What insolence some people had ! “ Where do you come from , boy ? Who sent you here ? ” she reiterated . “ I come from mamma . She would have sent me before , but I caught cold , and was in bed all last week . ” Mr. Hamlyn rose . It was a momentous predicament , but he must do the best he could in it . He was a man of nice honour , and he wished with all his heart that the earth would open and engulf him . “ Eliza , my love , allow me to deal with this matter , ” he said , his voice taking a low , tender , considerate tone . “ I will question the boy in another room . Some mistake , I reckon . ” “ No , Philip , you must put your questions before me , ” she said , resolute in her anger . “ What is it you are fearing ? Better tell me all , however disreputable it may be . ” “ I dare not tell you , ” he gasped ; “ it is not — I fear — the disreputable thing you may be fancying . ” “ Not dare ! By what right do you call this gentleman ‘ papa ’ ? ” she passionately demanded of the child . “ Mamma told me to . She would never let me come home to him before because of not wishing to part from me . ” Mrs. Hamlyn gazed at him . “ Where were you born ? ” “ At Calcutta ; that 's in India . Mamma brought me home in the Clipper of the Seas , and the ship went down , but quite everybody was not lost in it , though papa thought so . ” The boy had evidently been well instructed . Eliza Hamlyn , grasping the whole truth now , staggered back in terror . “ Philip ! Philip ! is it true ? Was it this you feared ? ” He made a motion of assent and covered his face . “ Heaven knows I would rather have died . ” He stood back against the window-curtains , that they might shade his pain . She fell into a chair and wished he had died , years before . But what was to be the end of it all ? Though Eliza Hamlyn went straight out and despatched that syren of the golden hair with a poison-tipped bodkin ( and possibly her will might be good to do it ) , it could not make things any the better for herself . III . New Year 's Night at Leet Hall , and the banquet in full swing — but not , as usual , New Year 's Eve . Captain Monk headed his table , the parson , Robert Grame , at his right hand , Harry Carradyne on his left . Whether it might be that the world , even that out-of-the-way part of it , Church Leet , was improving in manners and morals ; or whether the Captain himself was changing : certain it was that the board was not the free board it used to be . Mrs. Carradyne herself might have sat at it now , and never once blushed by as much as the pink of a sea-shell . It was known that the chimes were to play this year ; and , when midnight was close at hand , Captain Monk volunteered a statement which astonished his hearers . Rimmer , the butler , had come into the room to open the windows . “ I am getting tired of the chimes , and all people have not liked them , ” spoke the Captain in slow , distinct tones . “ I have made up my mind to do away with them , and you will hear them to-night , gentlemen , for the last time . ” “ Really , Uncle Godfrey ! ” cried Harry Carradyne , in most intense surprise . “ I hope they 'll bring us no ill-luck to-night ! ” continued Captain Monk as a grim joke , disregarding Harry 's remark . “ Perhaps they will , though , out of sheer spite , knowing they 'll never have another chance of it . Well , well , they 're welcome . Fill your glasses , gentlemen . ” Rimmer was throwing up the windows . In another minute the church clock boomed out the first stroke of twelve , and the room fell into a dead silence . With the last stroke the Captain rose , glass in hand . “ A happy New Year to you , gentlemen ! A happy New Year to us all . May it bring to us health and prosperity ! ” “ And God 's blessing , ” reverently added Robert Grame aloud , as if to remedy an omission . Ring , ring , ring ! Ah , there it came , the soft harmony of the chimes , stealing up through the midnight air . Not quite as loudly heard , perhaps , as usual , for there was no wind to waft it , but in tones wondrously clear and sweet . Never had the strains of the “ Bay of Biscay ” brought to the ear more charming melody . How soothing it was to those enrapt listeners ; seeming to tell of peace . But soon another sound arose to mingle with it . A harsh , grating sound , like the noise of wheels passing over gravel . Heads were lifted ; glances expressed surprise . With the last strains of the chimes dying away in the distance , a carriage of some kind galloped up to the hall door . Eliza Hamlyn alighted from it — with her child and its nurse . As quickly as she could make opportunity after that scene enacted in her breakfast-room in London in the morning , that is , as soon as her husband 's back was turned , she had quitted the house with the maid and child , to take the train for home , bringing with her — it was what she phrased it — her shameful tale . A tale that distressed Mrs. Carradyne to sickness . A tale that so abjectly terrified Captain Monk , when it was imparted to him on Tuesday morning , as to take every atom of fierceness out of his composition . “ Not Hamlyn 's wife ! ” he gasped . “ Eliza ! ” “ No , not his wife , ” she retorted , a great deal too angry herself to be anything but fierce and fiery . “ That other woman , that false first wife of his , was not drowned , as was set forth , and she has come to claim him , with their son . ” “ His wife ; their son , ” muttered the Captain as if he were bewildered . “ Then what are you ?— what is your son ? Oh , my poor Eliza . ” “ Yes , what are we ? Papa , I will bring him to answer for it before his country 's tribunal — if there be law in the land . ” No one spoke to this . It may have occurred to them to remember that Mr. Hamlyn could not legally be punished for what he did in innocence . Captain Monk opened the glass doors and walked on to the terrace , as if the air of the room were oppressive . Eliza went out after him . “ Papa , ” she said , “ there now exists all the more reason for your making my darling your heir . Let it be settled without delay . He must succeed to Leet Hall . ” Captain Monk looked at his daughter as if not understanding her . “ No , no , no , ” he said . “ My child , you forget ; trouble must be obscuring your faculties . None but a legal descendant of the Monks could be allowed to have Leet Hall . Besides , apart from this , it is already settled . I have seen for some little time now how unjust it would be to supplant Henry Carradyne . ” “ Is he to be your heir ? Is it so ordered ? ” “ Irrevocably . I have told him so this morning . ” “ What am I to do ? ” she wailed in bitter despair . “ Papa , what is to become of me — and of my unoffending child ? ” “ I do n't know : I wish I did know . It will be a cruel blight upon us all . You will have to live it down , Eliza . Ah , child , if you and Katherine had only listened to me , and not made those rebellious marriages ! ” He turned away as he spoke in the direction of the church , to see that his orders were being executed there . Harry Carradyne ran after him . The clock was striking midday as they entered the churchyard . Yes , the workmen were at their work — taking down the bells . “ If the time were to come over again , Harry , ” began Captain Monk as they were walking homeward , he leaning upon his nephew 's arm , “ I would n't have them put up . They do n't seem to have brought luck somehow , as the parish has been free to say . Not but that must be utter nonsense . ” “ Well , no they do n't , uncle , ” assented Harry . “ As one grows in years , one gets to look at things differently , lad . Actions that seemed laudable enough when one 's blood was young and hot , crop up again then , wearing another aspect . But for those chimes , poor West would not have have died as he did . I have had him upon my mind a good bit lately . ” Surely Captain Monk was wonderfully changing ! And he was leaning heavily upon Harry 's arm . “ Are you tired , uncle ? Would you like to sit down on this bench and rest ? ” “ No , I 'm not tired . It 's West I 'm thinking about . He lies on my mind sadly . And I never did anything for the wife or child to atone to them ! It 's too late now — and has been this many a year . ” Harry Carradyne 's heart began to beat a little . Should he say what he had been hoping to say sometime ? He might never have a better opportunity than this . “ Uncle Godfrey , ” he spoke in low tones , “ would you — would you like to see Mr. West 's daughter ? His wife has been dead a long while ; but — would you like to see her — Alice ? ” “ Ay , ” fervently spoke the old man . “ If she be in the land of the living , bring her to me . I 'll tell her how sorry I am , and how I would undo the past if I could . And I 'll ask her if she 'll be to me as a daughter . ” So then Harry Carradyne told him all . It was Alice West who was already under his roof , and who , fate and fortune permitting , Heaven permitting , would sometime be Alice Carradyne . Down sat Captain Monk on a bench of his own accord . Tears rose to his eyes . The sudden revulsion of feeling was great : and truly he was a changed man . “ You spoke of Heaven , Harry . I shall begin to think it has forgiven me . Let us be thankful . ” But Captain Monk found he had more to thank Heaven for ere many minutes had elapsed . As Harry Carradyne sat by him in silence , marvelling at the change , yet knowing that the grievous blow which was making havoc of Eliza had effected the completeness of the subduing , he caught sight of an approaching fly . Another fly from the railway station at Evesham . “ How dare you come here , you villain ! ” shouted Captain Monk , rising in threatening anger , as the fly 's inmate called to the driver to stop and began to get out of it . “ Are you not ashamed to show your face to me , after the evil you have inflicted upon my daughter ? ” Philip Hamlyn , smiling kindly and calmly , caught Captain Monk 's lifted hands . “ No evil , sir , ” he said , soothingly . “ It was all a mistake . Eliza is my true and lawful wife . ” “ Eh ? What 's that ? ” said the Captain quite in a whisper , his lips trembling . Quietly Philip Hamlyn explained . He had taken the previous day to investigate the matter , and had followed his wife down by a night train . His first wife was dead . She had been drowned in the Clipper of the Seas , as was supposed . The child was saved , with his nurse : the only two passengers who were saved . The nurse made her way to a place in the south of France , where , as she knew , her late mistress 's sister lived , Mrs. O'Connett , formerly Miss Sophia Pratt . Mrs. O'Connett , a young widow , had just lost her only child , a boy about the age of the little one rescued from the cruel seas . She seized on him with feverish avidity , adopted him as her own , quitted the place for another Anglo-French town where she was not previously known , taught the child to call her “ Mamma , ” and had never let it transpire that the boy was not hers . But now , after the lapse of a few years , Mrs. O'Connett was on the eve of marriage with an Irish Major . To him she told the truth ; and , as he did not want to marry the child as well as herself , he persuaded her to return him to his father . Mrs. O'Connett brought the child to London , ascertained Mr. Hamlyn 's address , and all about him , and watched about to speak to him , alone if possible , unknown to his wife . Remembering what had been the behaviour of the child 's mother , she was by no means sure of a good reception from Philip himself , or what adverse influence might be brought to bear by the new ties he had formed . Mrs. O'Connett had the same remarkable and lovely hair that her sister had had , whom she very much resembled ; she had also a talent for underhand ways . That was the truth — and I have had to tell it in a nutshell , space growing limited . Philip Hamlyn had ascertained it all beyond possibility of dispute , had seen Mrs. O'Connett , and had brought down the good tidings . Of all the curious sights this record has afforded , perhaps the most surprising was to see Captain Monk pass his arm lovingly within that of Philip Hamlyn and march off with him to Leet Hall as if he were a prize to be coveted . “ Here he is , Eliza , ” said he ; “ he has come to cheer both you and me . ” For once in her life Eliza Hamlyn was subdued to meekness . She kissed her husband and shed happy tears . She was his lawful wife , and the little one was his lawful child . True , there was an elder son ; but , compared with what had been feared , that was a slight evil . “ We must make them true brothers , Eliza , ” whispered Philip Hamlyn . “ They shall share alike all I have and all I leave behind me . And our own little one must be called James in future . ” “ And you and I will be good friends from henceforth , ” cried Captain Monk warmly , clasping Philip Hamlyn 's ready hand . “ I have been to blame in more ways than one , giving the reins unduly to my arbitrary temper . It seems to me , however , that life holds enough of real angles for us without creating any for ourselves . ” And surely it did seem , as Mrs. Carradyne would have liked to point out aloud , that those chimes had been fraught with messages of evil . For had not all these blessings set in with their removal ?— even in the very hour that saw the bells taken down ! Harry Carradyne had drawn his uncle from the room ; he now came in again , bringing Alice West . Her face was a picture of agitation , for she had been made known to Captain Monk . Harry led her up to Mrs. Hamlyn , with a beaming smile and a whisper . “ Eliza , as we seem to be going in generally for amenities , wo n't you give just a little corner of your heart to her ? We owe her some reparation for the past . It is her father who lies in that grave at the north end of the churchyard . ” Eliza started . “ Her father ! Poor George West her father ? ” “ Even so . ” Just a moment 's struggle with her rebellious spirit and Mrs. Hamlyn stooped to kiss the trembling girl . “ Yes , Alice , we do owe you reparation amongst us , and we must try to make it , ” she said heartily . “ I see how it is : you will reign here with Harry ; and I think he will be able , after all , to let us keep Peacock 's Range . ” There came a grand wedding , Captain Monk himself giving Alice away . But Mr. and Mrs. Hamlyn did not retain Peacock 's Range ; they and their boys , the two Walters , had to look out for another local residence ; for Mrs. Carradyne retired to Peacock 's Range herself . Now that Leet Hall had a young mistress , she deemed it policy to quit it ; though it should have as much of her as it pleased as a visitor . And Captain Godfrey Monk made himself happier in these peaceful days than he had ever been in his stormy ones . And that 's the history . If I had to begin it again , I do n't think I should write it ; for I have had to take its details from other people — chiefly from the Squire and old Mr. Sterling , of the Court . There 's nothing of mine in it , so to say , and it has been only a bother . And those unfortunate chimes have nearly passed out of memory with the lapse of years . The “ Silent Chimes ” they are always called when , by chance , allusion is made to them , and will be so called for ever . JOHNNY LUDLOW . THE BRETONS AT HOME . BY CHARLES W. WOOS , F. R. G. S ., AUTHOR OF “ THROUGH HOLLAND , ” “ LETTERS FROM MAJORCA , ” ETC . ETC . Still we had not visited le Folgo ë t , and it had to be done . “ No one ever leaves our neighbourhood without having seen le Folgo ë t , ” said M. Hellard . “ Or if he does so he loses the best thing we can offer him in the way of excursions . Also , he must expect no luck in his future travels through Brittany . ” MORLAIX . “ And he must be looked upon in the light of a barbare , ” chimed in Madame . “ Not to do le Folgo ë t would be almost as bad as not going to confession in Lent . ” “ My dear , did you go to confession in Lent ? ” asked Monsieur , slily . “ Monsieur Hellard , ” laughed Madame , blushing furiously , “ I am a good Catholic . Ask no questions . We were speaking of Folgo ë t . Everyone should go there . ” “ Is the excursion , then , to be looked upon as a pilgrimage , or a penance ? ” we asked . “ Will it absolve us from our sins , or grant us indulgences ? Is there some charm in its stones , or can we drink of its waters and return to our first youth ? ” “ The magic spring ! ” laughed Mme . Hellard . “ You will find it at the back of the church . I have drunk of its waters , certainly ; on a very hot day last summer . They refreshed me , but I still feel myself mortal . ” “ Ah , yes , ” cried Monsieur , “ the waters of Lethe and the elixir vit æ have equally to be discovered . I imagine that they belong to Paradise — and we have lost Paradise , you know : though I have found my Eve , ” added Monsieur , with a gallant bow to his cara sposa ; “ and have been in Paradise ever since . ” “ You , apparently , have found and drunk of the waters of Lethe , ” laughed Madame . “ You forget all our numerous quarrels and disagreements . ” “ Thunderstorms are said to clear the air , ” returned Monsieur ; “ but ours have been mere summer lightning . That , you know , is not dangerous , and beautifies the horizon . ” It was the day of our visit to St. Jean du Doigt , and we had seriously fallen out with our coachman by the way . St. Jean had so charmed us that we felt reluctant to leave it . The little inn , quiet and solitary , with its windows open to the sunshine , its snow-white cloth , its wealth of creeper and blossom trailing up the walls and sunning over the roof , invited us to enter and be happy ; to revel in the outer scene , sylvan , rustic , ecclesiastical , an overflow of the beauties of earth , sky , sunshine and ancient architecture . Here was an earthly paradise ; it might still be ours for some golden moments . Yet we threw away our opportunity ; as we so often do in life in far weightier matters than taking luncheon at a village inn . We hesitated very much , but we had to see Plougasnou , and our driver , for reasons of his own , declared that Plougasnou was far more beautiful than St. Jean du Doigt , whilst its inn was renowned in Brittany . So , having watched the funeral wind picturesquely down the hill-side , pause at the beautiful gateway , and disappear into the church , we departed . It was very charming to drive about the hills and valleys , the narrow country lanes that were full of the beauty of summer . Finally , a steep ascent brought us to our destination with a rude awakening . We had left Paradise for very earthly quarters . There was no beauty about the spot , which , placed on a hill , was bleak , bare , and exposed . The inn was the incarnation of ugliness , and everything about it was rough and rude . In the kitchen two women were at work . The one was brewing coffee , which sent forth a delicious aroma , the other , with weeping eyes , was peeling onions for the pot-au-feu . We were served with a modest luncheon in a room behind the kitchen . Madame prepared our food , and we had the privilege of assisting at the ceremony . We were initiated into the mystery of frying an omelette-au-naturel , the safest thing to order , no matter where you may be in France , for the humblest cottage knows how to send up its omelette to perfection . The handmaiden waited upon us , but she was heavy and not intelligent , and she walked about in wooden shoes that clattered and echoed and shocked one 's nerves . But this did not affect the omelette , or the modest ragout that concluded the banquet . We lunched almost al fresco . The window was wide open and looked on to a large yard , surrounded by outbuildings . Hens raced about , and without ceremony flew up to the window and demanded their share of the feast . Several cats came in ; so that , as far as animals were concerned , we might still consider ourselves in Paradise . Then we passed out by way of the window , and immense dogs bade us defiance and woke the echoes of the neighbourhood . Luckily they were chained , and H. C .' s “ Cave canem ! ” was superfluous . The church struck out the hour . Placed in a sort of three-cornered square above the inn , the tower stood out boldly against the background of sky , but it possessed no beauty or merit . Away out of sight and hearing , we imagined the glorious sea breaking and frothing over the rocks , and the points of land that stretched out ruggedly towards the horizon ; but we did not go down to it . We felt out of tune with our surroundings , and only cared for the moment when we should commence the long drive homeward . Had we possessed some special anathema , some charm that would have placed our driver under a mild punishment for twenty-four hours , I believe that we should not have spared him . So , on the whole , we were glad that our excursion to le Folgo ë t would have to be done in part by train . We arranged it for the morrow , making the most of our blue skies . “ You will have a charming day , ” said Madame Hellard , as we prepared to set out the next morning . “ I do not even recommend umbrellas . It is the sort of wind that in Brittany never brings rain . ” Our only objection was that there was rather too much of it . Declining the omnibus , which rattled over the stones and was more or less of a sarcophagus , without its repose , we mounted the interminable Jacob 's Ladder , and glanced in at our Antiquarian 's . He was absent this morning ; had gone a little way into the country , where he had heard of some Louis XIV . furniture that was to be sold by the Prior of an old Abbey : though how so much that was luxurious and worldly had ever entered an abbey seemed a mystery . We were soon en route for Landerneau , our destination as far as the train was concerned . The line , picturesque and diversified , passed through a narrow wooded valley where ran the river Elorn . On the left was the extensive forest of Br é zal ; and in the small wood of Pont-Christ , an interesting sixteenth century chapel faced an ancient and romantic windmill . Close to this was a large pond , surrounded by rugged rocks and firs ; altogether a wild and beautiful scene . Soon after , through the trees , we discerned the graceful open spire of the Church of La Roche , and then , upon rugged height above the railway , the ruins of the ancient Castle of la Roche-Maurice , called by the Breton peasants round about , in their broad dialect , “ la Ro'ch Morvan . ” It was founded by Maurice , King of the Bretons , about the year 800 , and was demolished about 1490 , during the war Charles VIII . waged against Anne of Brittany . Very little of the ruin remains , excepting a square donjon and a portion of the exterior walls and the four towers . Finally came Landerneau , and the train continued its way towards Brest without us . We found the old town well worth exploring . It is situated on the Elorn , or the river of Landerneau , as it is more often called . The stream is fairly broad here , and divides the town into two parts . It is spanned by an old bridge , bordered by a double row of ancient and gabled houses ; and rising out of the stream , like a small island or a moated grange , is an old Gothic water mill , remarkably beautiful and picturesque . This little scene alone is worth a journey to Landerneau . A Gothic inscription , which has been placed in a house not far off , declares that the old mill was built by the Rohans in 1510 ; and was no doubt devoted to higher uses than the grinding of corn . There are many old houses , many quaint and curious bits of architecture in Landerneau . On one of these , bearing the date of 1694 , we found two curious sculptures : a lion rampant and a man armed with a drawn sword ; and , between them , the inscription : TIRE , TVE . We might , indeed , have gone up and down the street armed with sword , gun , or any other murderous weapon , with impunity — there was nothing to fight but the air . We had it all to ourselves , on this side the river . Yet Landerneau is a flourishing place of some ten thousand inhabitants , with extensive manufactories , saw mills , and large timber yards . Vessels come up the river and load and unload ; and , on bright days when the sunshine pours upon the flashing water , and warms the wood lying about in huge stacks , and a delicious pine-scent goes forth upon the air , it is a very pleasant scene , and a very fitting spot for a short sojourn . It also deals extensively in strawberries , exporting to England many thousand boxes of the delicious fruit that grows so largely in the neighbourhood . The hotel this morning seemed full of them , and we had but to ask , and to receive in abundance . The place was full of their fragrance : a fragrance that seemed so allied to the smell of the pine wood in the timber yards . The town is of great antiquity , and appears to have succeeded a Roman Settlement . It is said to owe its name to St. Ernec , a Breton prince , the son , says tradition , of Judica ë l , King of the Domnom é e . This prince , about the year 669 , turned monk , and built himself a cell on the banks of the Elorn , a river which divided in those days the sees of L é on and Cornouaille . Where the cell was is now the village of St. Ernec , and a chapel which preceded the church of the R é collets . In time Landerneau became the chief town of the Vicomt é of L é on ; and was raised to a Principality in 1572 in favour of Henri , Vicomte de Rohan and his brother R é n é, Lord of Soubise , who founded the dukedom of Rohan-Chabot . It remained in possession of Lords of Landerneau until the Revolution . Fontenelle pillaged the town in 1592 , and in the seventeenth century its famous castle was destroyed . CALVARY , GUIMILIAU . “ There will be noise in Landerneau , ” has become a Breton proverb , employed whenever any social event is stirring up the populace . It owes its origin to a bygone custom of the town , of serenading widows on the evening of their second marriage , with drums , trumpets , kettles , and every kind of unmusical instrument that could be pressed into the service of the uproarious ceremony . Of this we had no evidence . The town was quiet to the verge of deadly dulness ; if there were widows rash enough to contemplate a second marriage , we knew nothing about it ; they were discreet , and kept their secret to themselves . There are many monasteries and nunneries in the neighbourhood . Some are in ruins ; some have become destined to other purposes ; and if their walls could speak , probably would cry aloud : “ To such base uses do we come ! ” Sitting on the banks of the river , you watch its calm flowing waters , and a vessel moored to the side , where a Breton woman is hanging out clothes to dry , and a man on deck is lazily smoking his pipe . Behind you is a timber yard , sending forth its strawberry-pine perfume . There is always some attractions in a timber yard . Whether you will or not it fascinates you ; you enter for a moment , and stroll about through the little alleys between the stacks , as numerous and complicated as the twistings and turnings of a maze . You imagine yourself once more a boy playing at hide-and-seek , and revel in the hot sunshine that is pouring down upon you and bringing out the perfume of the wood . Returning to the river , your eye wanders far down the stream , until a large building upon its banks arrests your attention . It looks the emblem and abode of peace ; perhaps is so . It is the ancient Couvent des Cordeliers , founded by Jean de Rohan , in 1488 . But monks no longer tread its corridors and offer up the midnight mass in its small chapel . It is now occupied by ladies — les Dames du Calvaire , as they are called . If the monks were to arise from their little graveyard , would they rush back horrified and affrighted at such desecration ? and if the walls had voices , would they , too , be ungallant enough to cry “ To such base uses do we come ? ” The ancient convent of the Ursulines has been turned into a Penitentiary , thus in a measure fulfilling its original destiny . Not far from Landerneau , also , on the banks of the Elorn , is the Avenue of the Ch â teau de la Joyeuse Garde , celebrated as being the rendezvous of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table . Nothing now remains but the ruins of a subterranean vault and a romantic Gothic Gateway of the twelfth century , covered with ivy and creeping shrubs . The whole surroundings are beautiful and romantic ; undulations , here wooded and rocky , there richly cultivated ; laughing and fertile slopes running down into warm and sheltered valleys , through which the river winds its graceful course . Having made a slight acquaintance with the old streets and ancient houses , we went back to the inn , where we found the carriage ready to take us to le Folgo ë t . A strong wind had suddenly arisen and clouds of dust accompanied us . Under ordinary circumstances the drive would have been pleasant , though uneventful . The road is somewhat monotonous , and very little attracts the attention beyond small , well-wooded estates , breaking in upon the long stretches of richly cultivated country , where life ought to run in a very even tenor . After awhile we turned into a by-road , and presently descending between high hedges , the object of our excursion suddenly and unexpectedly opened up before our astonished vision . It would be difficult to forget the effect of that first view of le Folgo ë t . The high hedges on either side had concealed everything . These fell away , and within a few yards of us , in a barren and dreary plain uprose the wonderful church . A few poor houses and cottages comprise the village , and here nearly a thousand inhabitants manage to stow themselves away . But nothing strikes you more in these Breton villages than their silent and apparently deserted condition , even at midday . Nine times out of ten , there is scarcely a creature to be seen in the streets , the house doors are for the most part closed , no face peers curiously from the windows , and no sound breaks upon the stillness of the air . So was it to-day . The tramp of our horses , the rumbling of wheels alone startled the silence as we approached the church . The small houses forming the village in no way took from its grandeur or interfered with its solitude and solemnity . There in the desolate plain it rose , “ a thing of beauty and a joy for ever . ” Its charm fell upon us in the first moment , its wonderful tone and colouring held us spellbound . Our first wonder was to find a building so perfect in the midst of this desolate plain , so far away from the world and civilization . It was our first wonder ; and when presently we turned away from it I think it was our last . But this solitude and desolation add infinitely to its charm ; just as the mystery and romance that enshroud the far-off monasteries in their desolate mountain retreats would fall away as “ the baseless fabric of a vision ” if they were brought into the crowded and commonplace atmosphere of town life . The legend of le Folgo ë t is a curious one : Towards the middle of the fourteenth century , there lived in a neighbouring forest a poor idiot named Soloman , or Salaun , as it is written in the Breton tongue . This idiot was known as the Fool of the wood — le Folgo ë t . There , in the quiet solitude , his voice might constantly be heard singing , in his own strange way , hymns to the Virgin ; and often during the night , chanting an Ave Maria . Daily he begged his bread in the neighbouring town of Lesneven , always using the same form of words : Ave Maria : adding in Breton , “ Salaun a z é br é bara . ” “ Soloman would eat some bread . ” Thus for forty years he lived , never having injured anyone , or made an enemy . Then he fell ill , and one morning was found dead in the wood , near the little spring from which he had drunk daily and the hollow tree that had been his nightly shelter . Soloman the fool was already fading from men 's minds , when a miracle happened . Above the little grave in the wood where he had been buried there suddenly sprang a white lily , remarkable for its beauty and the exquisite perfume it shed abroad . But what made it more wonderful was that upon every leaf , in gold letters , appeared the words “ Ave Maria ! ” This apparent miracle was soon noised abroad , and people flocked from far and near to see the flower , which remained perfect for six weeks and then began to fade . All the priests and ecclesiastics of the neighbourhood , the nobles and the officers of the Duc de Rohan , decided that they should dig about the root of the lily and discover its source . This was done , and it was found to spring from the mouth of Salaun the idiot . Of course such a miracle could not remain uncommemorated . Jean de Langou ë znon , Abbot of Land é vennec , one of the witnesses of the miracle , wrote an elaborate account of it in Latin . Pilgrimages were constantly made to the grave , and at last a church was built over the spring of the poor idiot , whose faith and blameless life had been so strangely rewarded . Such is the origin of one of Brittany 's finest and most remarkable churches . It is in the second Pointed Gothic style , and is built of a mixture of granite and dark Kersanton stone . The tone is singularly beautiful , and harmonises well with the dreary plain . It is at once sombre , dignified and impressive , relieved by great richness of sculpture . Kersanton stone lends itself to carving , as we have seen , and here many parts will be found in perfect preservation . Some of the rich mouldings in the doorways have worn away , and some of the small statues have been mutilated by time or have altogether disappeared , but the tone chiefly marks the age of the church . This is not always the case , and even not generally , with the buildings for which Kersanton stone has been used ; but le Folgo ë t is exposed to the elements which sweep across the dreary plain without resistance ; these have done their kindly work , and given to the old walls a beauty that no mortal hand could fashion . We stood before it in mute admiration , having expected much , but finding far more . The tall trees near it bent and murmured to the fierce blast that blew , as if they , too , would add their homage to the charm of the sacred edifice . Its solitary spire rose to a height of one hundred and sixty feet , full of grace and elegance . Every portion of the exterior bore minute inspection , it was so elaborately sculptured , so well preserved . Time has spared it more than the hand of man . The towers are unequal . The higher possesses the exquisite open spire , a landmark for all the country round . The other is crowned by a small Renaissance lantern and roof , the work of the Duchess Anne . The beautiful west portal is no longer perfect . Its porch or canopy fell in 1824 , and has never been replaced ; and better so . The porch of the south doorway is large , and so magnificent that it alone would be worth a pilgrimage . It is called the Apostles ’ porch , and is also supposed to have been the work of the good Duchess . Not far from it are the remains of what must have been a very lovely cross . The carving of the porch is of great delicacy and refinement ; and , less exposed to the elements than the west doorway , is in far better preservation . Here are graceful scrolls and mouldings of vine leaves and other devices curiously interwoven ; the leaves so minutely carved that you may trace their veins and fringes . The arms of Brittany and France are also cunningly intertwined . Round the west doorway are wreaths of vines and thistles , with birds and serpents introduced amongst fruit and flowers . Above the doorway is an elaborate sculpture of the Nativity and the Adoration of the Magi . Joseph is represented — it is often the case in Breton carvings — as a Breton peasant , wearing the clumsy wooden shoes of the country . He would have found himself somewhat embarrassed in them when crossing the desert . But the Bretons , behind the rest of the world , had no ideas beyond those that came to them from practical experience , and the picturesque dignity of an Eastern dress was far beyond their imagination . The centre pier of the doorway is formed into a niche enclosing the basin for holy water , protected by a carved canopy of great beauty ; but time and exposure have worn away much of the sharpness of the work . LANDERNEAU . The gables of the transept are decorated with open parapets ; and at the east end , below a rose window remarkable for its tracery , an arched niche protects the water of the fountain of Soloman the idiot : the actual spring itself being beneath the high altar . These waters , like those of the lovely fountain of St. Jean du Doigt , are supposed to be miraculous , and are the object of many a pilgrimage , though fortunately for the village , the day of its Pardon is not the chief occasion for the assembling together of the blind , halt , maimed and withered folk of Brittany . But the pilgrims bathe in the waters , which are said to possess the gift of healing , and we know that faith alone will often perform miracles . As we looked upon the clear , transparent water , we felt at least the innocence of the charm , and therein a great virtue . The interior of the church has been much praised by competent judges , and very justly so , for in its way it is very perfect . Yet , to us , its beauty was marked by a certain heaviness ; and the “ dim religious light ” that adds so much to the effect of many an interior , here brought with it no sense of mystery . Perhaps it was not sufficiently subdued ; or the heaviness of the stone may have had something to do with it . Also , it looked singularly small , in comparison with the exterior . It has been much altered since it was first built , and has lost nearly all its arches , which have been replaced by Gothic canopies in the form of ornamental projections . Much of the interior is beautifully and elaborately sculptured , and will bear long and close inspection . The nave and aisles are under one roof , like the church of St. Jean du Doigt : an arrangement not always effective . The choir is short , as also are the aisles , the south transept being the longest of all . A very effective rood screen separates the choir from the nave . It is constructed of Kersanton stone , and consists of three round arches , above which are canopies supporting a gallery of open work decorated with quatrefoils . The effect is extremely rich and imposing ; and the foliage of the screen is a perfect study of complications . At the end of the south transept is the Fool 's Chapel . The frescoes are a history of his life , which is yet further carried out in the windows and on the bas reliefs of the pulpit . The high altar under the rose window is very finely moulded , with its canopied niches and beautiful tracery . There are many statues of saints in the church , dressed in Breton costumes , that would no doubt astonish them if they came back to life and saw themselves in effigy . Many parts of the church are decorated with wonderful carvings of vegetables , fruit and flowers . But the general impression is heavy and sombre , the true Kersanton effect and colour . Time and the elements have softened , subdued and beautified the exterior ; but the tone of the interior , unexposed to the elements , remains what it originally was : wanting in refinement and romance ; it is the beauty of elaborate execution that imposes upon one . All the windows are remarkable for their lovely Flamboyant tracery , that of the rose window being especially fine and delicate . The exterior is far finer , far more wonderful . One never grew tired of gazing ; of examining it from every point of view . It was a dream picture and a marvel . Nothing we saw in Brittany compared with it , excepting the Cathedral of Quimper . Before it stretched the dreary plain ; behind it were the humble houses composing the village , very much out of sight and not at all aggressive . On the south side was the Gothic college built by Anne of Brittany ; and here she and Francis the First lodged , when they came on a pilgrimage to le Folgo ë t . It is a Gothic building of the fifteenth century , with an octagonal turret of rare design ; but its beauty is of the past . We found it in the hands of the restorers , who were doing their best to ruin it . Originally it harmonised wonderfully with the church , but soon the harmony will have disappeared for ever . Our carriage had gone on to the neighbouring town of Lesneven , to rest the horses and await our arrival , leaving us free to examine and loiter as we pleased . No one troubled us . The inhabitants were all away ; or sleeping ; or eating and drinking ; the scene was as quiet and desolate as if the church had been in the midst of a desert . But the time came when we must leave it to its solitude and go back into the world — the small but interesting world of Brittany ; the world of slow-moving people and sleepy ways , and ancient towns full of wonderful outlines and medi æ val reminiscences . We took a last look round . We seemed alone in the world , no sight or sound of humanity anywhere ; the very workmen despoiling the Gothic college had disappeared , leaving the mute witnesses of their vandalism in the form of scaffolding and very modern bricks and mortar . Beyond was a village street and small houses well closed and apparently deserted . Nearer to us rose the magnificent church , with its towers and spire , all its rich carving fringed against the background of the sky . The longer we looked , the more wonderful seemed its solemn and exquisite tone . The trees beneath which we stood waved and bent and rustled in the strong wind that blew ; and beyond all stretched the dreary plain ; dreary and desolate , but adding much to the charm of the picture . It was a scene never to be forgotten ; but it was , after all , a scene appealing only to certain temperaments : to those who delight in the highest forms of architecture ; in walls time-honoured and lichen-stained ; who find beauty and charm ever in the blue sky and the waving trees ; a charm that is chiefly spiritual . Leaving the church behind us , and the dreary plain to our left , we passed into a country road with high hedges . This soon led us to a pathway across the fields . About a mile in the distance the steeples of Lesneven rose up and served us as beacons . The day was still young and the sun was high in the heavens . Small white clouds chased each other rapidly , driven by the strong wind that blew . We soon reached the quiet town and found it quiet with a vengeance . Not knowing the way to the inn where our coachman had put up , it was some time before we could discover an inhabitant to direct us . At length we found a human being who had evidently come abroad under some mistaken impression , or in a fit of absence of mind . At the same time a child issued from a doorway . We felt quite in a small crowd . It was a humble child , but with a very charming and innocent expression ; one of those faces that take possession of you at once and for ever . For it does not require days or weeks or months to know some people ; moments will place you in intimate communion with them . You meet and suddenly feel that you must have known each other in some previous existence , so mutual is the recognition . But it is not so , for we have had no previous existence . It is nothing but the freemasonry of the spirit ; soul going out to soul . For this reason the “ love at first sight ” that the poets have raved about in all the ages , and in all the ages mankind has laughed at , is probably as real as anything we know of ; as real as our existence , the air we breathe , the heaven above us . But we were at Lesneven , in the midst of the little crowd of two — we must not keep it waiting . And although the day is still young , yet the golden moments will fly , and the sun sinks rapidly westward . So we inquired our way and were politely directed , and the little child declared it would be her pleasure to accompany us : “ il é toit si facile de s 'é garer , ” she declared , in very grown-up tones , and in her peculiar patois . Il é toit . We had not heard the old-fashioned expression since our childhood , in the villages of our native land . We accepted the escort , and the little maiden chatted as freely as if we had been very old acquaintances . “ She supposed that , like all strangers , we had been to see le Folgo ë t ? It was a fine church , but its miraculous fountain was the best of all . Once , when she hurt her foot , grandp è re carried her across the fields to the fountain . She bathed her foot in the water and said a prayer and offered a candle , and — vite , vite !— the foot was well . In three days she could run about . But that was two years ago , when she was a very little girl ; now she was quite big . ” “ How old was she now ? ” “ She was twelve , and very soon would do her first communion , dressed all in white , with a beautiful veil over her head . Should we not like to see her ? ” “ We should , very much . ” “ Could we not come again next year , when it would take place ? She should so much like us to see her . L à! voil à l'h ô tel ! ” she cried , passing rapidly from one subject to another , after the manner of childhood . “ Now she must run back home . And we were to be sure and come again next year . ” And before we could turn , the child had darted away , evidently to prevent the possibility of reward : a refined instinct for which we should scarcely have given her credit . She may have been a Bretonne , but not a true Bretonne ; her gracefulness and intelligence almost forbade it . Yet there are exceptions to every rule , and Nature herself delights in occasional surprises . LE FOLGO Ë T . We found Lesneven very dull and sleepy , but picturesque . There was a singular old market-house of timber work , the quaintest we had ever seen ; and some of the houses formed ancient and interesting groups . Our coachman had made an excellent d é jeuner , if we were to judge by the self-satisfied expression of his face , which resembled the sun at mid-day seen through a red fog . He was now sitting in the courtyard under a very lovely creeper , drinking his coffee out of a tall glass , and of course smoking the pipe of peace . The creeper distinctly lent enchantment to the view : the coachman did not . We wandered about whilst he made his preparations for starting . The market-place was broken and diversified in its outlines ; one or two of the streets turning out of it looked quite gabled and medi æ val . The covered market-house , with its curious roof and ancient timbers , gave it a very distinctive and very individual appearance ; so that it now rises up in the memory as one of the many Breton pictures which make one 's experience of the little country a very exceptional pleasure . Out of the Coll è ge poured a small stream of boys , startling the silence of the sleepy little town . We were mutually surprised at seeing each other . They looked and gazed , and walked around and about us — at a certain distance — and seemed as interested and perplexed as if we had been visitants from other regions clothed in unknown forms . But they manifested none of the delicacy of our little guide , and were not half so interesting . Yet probably the roughest and rudest boy amongst them might be the maiden 's brother ; for we have just said that Nature delights in surprises , and not infrequently in contradictions . The building they poured out of , now the Coll è ge , was an ancient convent of the R é collets , dating from 1645 . A commotion in the courtyard of the “ Grande Maison , ” which was just opposite the timber market-house , and the appearance of the driver on his box , in all the dignity of office , was our signal for departure . We looked back after leaving the town , and there in the distance , uprising towards the sky , was the lovely spire of le Folgo ë t , a monument to departed greatness , superstition , and religious fervour ; a dream of beauty which will last , we may hope , for many ages to come . We soon re-entered the road we had travelled earlier in the day ; and in due time , after one or two narrow escapes of being overturned , so high was the wind , so blinding the dust , we re-entered Landerneau , a haven of refuge from the boisterous gale . Our host had prepared us a sumptuous repast , of which the crowning glory was a pyramid of strawberries flanked on one side by a ewer of the freshest cream , and on the other by a quaint old sugar basin of chased silver , of the First Empire period . Could mortals have desired more , even on Olympus — even in the Amaranthine fields of Elysium ? It was not yet the dinner-hour and we had it all to ourselves , with the waiter 's undivided attention , who hoped we had not been disappointed in our little excursion . “ He had been five years in Landerneau , but had never yet seen le Folgo ë t . Dame ! he had no time for pilgrimages , and doubted whether , after all , they did much good . For his part , he did n't believe in miracles . Du reste , he had nothing the matter with him ; was neither blind , lame , nor stupid — gr â ce au ciel , for he had his living to get . As for the church , to him one church was very much like another : and he would rather arrange a pyramid of strawberries than contemplate the spires of his native Quimper . ” So true is it that water will not rise above its own level — and perhaps so merciful . In due course we returned once more to our now old and familiar haunt , Morlaix . We came back to it each time with our affection and admiration heightened . Its old streets seem to grow more and more picturesque ; and more and more we appeared to absorb into our “ inner consciousness ” this medi æ val atmosphere . We seemed to be living in a perpetual romance of the past ; and the men and women who surrounded us were so many puppets animated by invisible threads . It was the perfection of existence , in its particular way and for a short time . The shades of evening had fallen when we once more found ourselves descending Jacob 's Ladder . The Antiquarian 's door was closed , but a light gleamed through the crevices of the shutters , as antiquated as some of his cherished possessions . We would not disturb him , though we felt sorely inclined to lift the latch and look in upon the picturesque interior . We imagined him perhaps telling his beads , his grey head bowed before the crucifix which , artistically and religiously , was the object of his veneration ; mentally we saw the son bending over a plain piece of wood , which gradually assumed a form and design that would make it a thing of beauty for ever . By lifting the latch , all this would be revealed , delight our eyes and refresh our spirit . But what more might we see ? The cherub probably was in bed , but the rift within the lute ? Ah , that was uncertain ; we could not tell . So we thought we would leave the picture to our imagination , where at least it was perfect . So we went on without lifting the latch ; and H. C. fell into raptures over the rising moon and the quaint gables that stood out so gloriously and mysteriously in the pale light . A warmer glow illumined many a lattice . We were surrounded by deep lights and shadows , and felt ourselves steeped in a world of the past , holding familiar intercourse with ghosts that haunted every nook and crevice , every doorway , every niche and archway of this old-world town . At the hotel , we found Madame Hellard taking the air at her doorway , her hands calmly folded in her favourite attitude of rest and contentment — or was it expectation ? “ Was I not a prophet ? ” was her first greeting . “ Did I not say this morning ‘ No umbrellas ? ’ Have we not had a glorious day ! ” “ But the dust ? ” we objected . “ Ah ! ” cried Madame , “ on oublie toujours le chat dans le coin , as they say in the Morbihan . Yet there must always be a drawback ; you cannot have perfection ; and I maintain that dust is better than rain . But what did you think of le Folgo ë t , messieurs ? ” We declared that we could not give expression to our thoughts and emotions . “ A la bonne heure ! Did I not tell you that we had nothing like it in our neighbourhood — or in any other , for all I know ? Did I in the least exaggerate ? ” We assured Madame that she had undercoloured her picture . The reality surpassed her ideal description . “ Ah ! ” cried Madame sentimentally , “ our beau-id é als — when do we ever see them ? But personally I cannot complain . I have a husband in ten thousand , and that , after all , should be a woman 's beau-id é al , for it is her vocation . Oh ! ” with a little scream , pretending not to have heard her husband come up quietly behind her ; “ you did not hear me paying you compliments behind your back , Eug è ne ? I assure you I meant the very opposite of what I said . ” “ If you are perverse , I shall not take you to the Regatta next Sunday , ” threatened Monsieur , in deep tones that very thinly veiled the affection lurking behind them . “ The Regatta ! ” cried Madame . “ Where should I find the time to go jaunting off to the Regatta ? We have a wedding order to execute for that morning — my hands will be more than full . Figurez vous , ” turning to us , “ a silly old widow is marrying quite a young man . She is rich , of course ; and he has nothing , equally of course . And what does she expect will be the end of it ? I cannot imagine what these people do with their common sense and their experience of life . But I always say we gain experience for the benefit of our friends : it enables us to give excellent advice to others , but we never think of applying it to ourselves . ” “ But the Regatta , ” we interrupted , more interested in that than in the indiscretions of the widow . “ We knew nothing about it , and thought of leaving you on Saturday . Is it worth staying for ? ” “ Distinctly , ” replied Madame Hellard . “ All Morlaix turns out for the occasion : all the world and his wife will be there . It is quite a pretty scene , and the boats with their white sails look charming . You must drive down by the river side to the coast , and if the afternoon is sunny and warm , I promise you that you will not regret prolonging your stay with us . ” INTERIOR OF LE FOLGO Ë T , SHOWING SCREEN . This presented a favourable opportunity for a compliment , but at that moment Catherine 's voice was heard in the ascendant ; a passage-at-arms seemed to be in full play above ; commotion was the order of the moment ; and Madame rapidly disappeared to the rescue . The compliment was lost for ever , but a dead calm was the immediate consequence of her presence . Catherine 's authority had been defied , and the daring damsel had to be threatened with dismissal if it occurred again . “ Ma foi ! ” cried Catherine , as we met her on the staircase , “ a pretty state of things we should have with two mistresses in the salle - à - manger ! I should feel as much out of my element as a hen that has hatched duck 's eggs , and sees her brood taking to the water . ” “ And apparently there would be as much clucking and commotion , ” we slily observed . Catherine laughed . “ Quite as much . I always say , whatever you have to do , do it thoroughly ; and if you have to put people down , let there be no mistake about it . By that means it wo n't occur again . ” And Catherine went off with a very determined step and expression , her cap streamers flying on the breeze , to order us a light repast suited to the lateness of the hour . She was certainly Madame 's right hand , and she ministered to our entertainment no less than to our necessities . Sunday rose fair and promising ; a whole week of sunshine and fine weather was a phenomenon in Brittany . Quite early in the morning the town was awake and astir , and it was evident that the good people of Morlaix were going in for the dissipation of a f ê te day . The morning drew on , and everyone seemed to have turned out in their best apparel , though , to our sorrow , very few costumes made their appearance . The streets were crowded with sober Bretons , somewhat less sober than usual . Every vehicle in the town had been pressed into the service . Every omnibus was loaded inside and out ; carts became objects of envy , and carriages were luxuries for which the drivers exacted their own terms . The river-side , to right and left , was lined with people , all hurrying towards the distant shore ; for though many had secured seats in one or other of the delectable vehicles , they were few in comparison with the numbers that , from motives of economy or exercise , preferred to walk . It was a gay and lively scene , and , sober Bretons though they were , the air echoed with song and laughter . Rioting there was none . The distance was about five miles ; but something more than the last mile had to be taken on foot by everyone . We had secured a victoria which was not much larger than a bath chair , but in a crowd this had its advantage . True , we felt every moment as if the whole thing would fall to pieces , but in case of shipwreck there were plenty to come to the rescue . Nothing happened , and we walked our last mile with sound wind and limbs . Much of the way lay on a hill-side . Cottages were built on the slopes , and we walked upon zigzag paths , through front gardens and back gardens , now level with the ground floor window , now looking into an attic ; and now — if we wished — able to peer down the chimney or join the cats oh the roof . At last we came to the sea , which stretched away in all its beauty , shining and shimmering in the sunshine . In the bay formed by this and the opposite coast , the boats taking part in the races were flitting about like white-winged messengers , full of life and grace and buoyancy . Some of the races were over , some were in progress . Our side of the shore was beautifully backed by green slopes rising to wooded heights . In the select inclosure , for the privilege of entering which a franc was charged , the é lite of Morlaix walked to and fro , or sat upon long rows of chairs placed just above the beach . We did not think very much of them and were disappointed . All round and about us , rich and poor alike were clothed in modern-day costumes , as ugly and ungainly and ill-worn as any that we see around us in our own fair , but — in this respect — by no means faultless isle . The few costumes that formed the exception were not graceful ; those at least worn by the men . Umbrellas were in full array , and as there was no rain they put them up for the sunshine . A large proportion of the crowd took no interest whatever in the races , which attracted attention and applause only from those either sitting or standing on the beach . The crowded green behind gave its attention to anything rather than the sea and the boats . More general interest was manifested in the sculling matches ; especially in the race of the fish-women — tall , strong females , the very picture of health and vigour , becomingly dressed in caps and short blue petticoats , who started in a pair of eight-oared boats , and rowed valiantly in a very well-matched contest until it was lost and won . As the sixteen women , victors and vanquished , stepped ashore , the phlegmatic crowd was stirred in its emotions , and loud applause greeted them . They filed away , laughing and shaking their heads , or looking down modestly and smoothing their aprons , each according to her temperament , and were soon lost in the crowd . On the slopes in sheltered spots , vendors of different wares , chiefly of a refreshing description , had installed themselves . The most popular and the most picturesque were the pancake women , who , on their knees , beat up the batter , held the frying pans over a charcoal fire , and tossed the pancakes with a skill worthy of Madame Hellard 's chef . Their services were in full force , and it was certainly not a graceful exhibition to see the Breton boys and girls , of any age from ten to twenty , devouring these no doubt delicious delicacies with no other assistance than their own fairy fingers . After all , they were enjoying themselves in their own fashion and looked as if they could imagine no greater happiness in life . We wandered away from the scene , round the point , where stretched another portion of the coast of Finist è re . It was a lovely vision . The steep cliffs fell away at our feet to the beach , here quite deserted and out of sight of the crowd not very far off . Over the white sand rolled and swished the pale green water with most soothing sound . The sun shone and sparkled upon the surface . The bay was wide , and on the opposite coast rose the cliffs crowned by the little town of Roscoff , its grey towers sharply outlined against the sky . Our thoughts immediately went back to the day we had spent there ; to the quiet streets of St. Pol de L é on , and its beautiful church , and the charming Countess who had exercised such rare hospitality and taken us to fairy-land . The vision faded as we turned our backs upon the sea and the crowd and entered upon our return journey . The zigzag was passed and the houses , where now we looked down the chimneys and now into the cellars . In due time we came to the high road . It was crowded with vehicles all waiting the end of the races and the return of the multitude . Apparently it was “ first come , first served , ” for we had our choice of all — a veritable embarras de choix . It was made and we started . Very soon , on the other side the river , we came in sight of our little auberge , A la halte des P ê cheurs , where on a memorable occasion we had taken refuge from a second deluge . And there , at its door , stood Madame Mirmiton , anxiously looking down the road for the return of her husband from the Regatta . Whether he had recovered from his sprain , or had found a friendly conveyance to give him a seat , did not appear . We went our way ; the river separated us from the inn and there was no ferry at hand . Many like ourselves were returning ; there was no want of movement and animation . It was not a picturesque crowd , for there were no costumes , and the bourgeoisie of Morlaix are not more interesting than others of their class . At last loomed upon us the great viaduct , and a train rolled over as we rolled under it . The vessels in the little port had mounted their flags and looked gay , in honour of the occasion . We entered Morlaix for the last time , for we were to leave on the morrow . Madame Hellard was not taking the air ; she and Monsieur were enjoying a moment 's repose in the bureau . They now invariably greeted us as habitu é s of the house . “ But you have neither of you been to the Regatta , ” we observed . “ I go nowhere without my wife , ” gallantly responded our host . “ And I was too busy with our wedding breakfast to think of anything else , ” said Madame . “ And , to tell you the truth , I do n't care for regattas . I can see no pleasure in watching which of two or which of half-a-dozen boats comes in first . The people interest me ; but it is really almost as amusing to see them passing one 's own door , and not half so tiring . I hope , messieurs , you have returned with good appetites : I have ordered you some cr ê pes . Was it not funny to see the old women tossing them on the slopes ? ” “ Al fresco f ê tes , ” chimed in Monsieur . “ Ah , la jeunesse ! la jeunesse ! Youth is the time for enjoyment . Donnez-moi vos vingt ans si vous n'en faites rien ! So says the old song — so say I . And now you are going to leave us , and to-morrow we shall be in total eclipse , ” he added , determined not to leave us out in his compliments . “ But you are right — you cannot stay here for ever . You have seen all that is of note in Morlaix and the neighbourhood , and you will be charmed with Quimper . ” “ Quimper ? I would rather live fifty years in Morlaix than a hundred in Quimper , ” cried Catherine , who came in at that moment for the menus . “ The river smells horribly , the town is dirty and stuffy , and it always rains there . And as for the hotels — enfin , you will see ! ” MORLAIX . It was very certain that we should not alight upon another Catherine . For the last time we wandered out that night when the moon had risen , to take our farewell of the old streets that had given us so much pleasure . We knew them well , and felt that we were communing with old friends . Their outlines , their gabled roofs , the deep shadows cast by the pale moonlight , the warmer reflections from the beautiful latticed windows — all charmed us . We moved in an ancient world , conversed with ghosts of a long-past age ; the shades of those who had left behind them so much of the artistic and the excellent ; who had , in their day and hour , lived and breathed and moved even as the world of to-day — had been animated with the same thoughts and emotions ; in a word , had fulfilled their lot and passed through their birthright of sorrow and suffering . It was late before we could turn away from the fascination . After the crowded scenes of the day , we seemed surrounded by the very silence and repose , the majesty of Death . Everyone had retired to rest ; the curfew had long tolled , and the fires were nearly all out . Only here and there a lighted lattice spoke of a late watcher , who perhaps was searching for the philosopher 's stone or the elixir of life , wherewith to turn the grey hairs of age to the flowing locks of youth — the feeble gait of one stricken in years to the vigour and comeliness of manhood . Vain wish ! and needless ; for why will they not look at life in its truer aspect , and feel that the nearer they approach to death the younger they are growing ? MY MAY-QUEEN (Æ tat 4 ) . Come , child , that I may make A primrose wreath to crown thee Queen of Spring ! Of thee the glad birds sing ; For thee small flowers fling Their lives abroad ; for thee — for Dorothea 's sake ! Hasten ! For I must pay Due homage to thee , have thy Royal kiss , Our thrush shall sing of this ; — In many a bout of bliss Tell how I crown 'd thee Queen , Spring 's Queen , this glad May-day . JOHN JERVIS BERESFORD , M. A . SWEET NANCY . Shenton was a dull and sleepy village at the best of times ; but then it was situated so far from any town . Exboro ’ was the nearest , and that was ten miles away . To reach it you must traverse a range of pine-clad hills , descending now and again into cool valleys , full of sweet scents and sounds in summer , but dreary enough in winter , when the snow lay thick and the wind whistled through the leafless branches . Shenton consisted of one long street , terminating in a green on which the church and school-house stood . After that there were no more houses till you reached Exboro ’ , excepting a few scattered farms a mile or two away at Braley Brook . There was also a large farm , known as the Manor , half-a-mile in the opposite direction , occupied by one Jacob Hurst , who was the owner of the farms at Braley Brook . The last house in the long street , at the Green end of it , was occupied by Miss Michin , a milliner and dressmaker , as a card in the window informed the passer-by . Not that the card was necessary , as of course in so small a place everybody knew everybody else ; but it was a sort of sign of office , and was always most carefully replaced when Sarah Ann , Miss Michin 's Lilliputian maid , cleaned the window , which she did much oftener than was necessary — at least , Mrs. Dodd , the post-mistress , who lived opposite , said so . But then Mrs. Dodd had the shop and a young family to attend to , and did not find it possible to keep her own windows equally bright ; so it was perhaps natural that she should find a comfort in remarking on her opposite neighbour in the manner we have described . Miss Michin 's front parlour window was draped with white muslin curtains , which covered it entirely , preventing the eyes of the curious from taking surreptitious glances at the finery therein displayed , and destined to be seen for the first time at church on the persons of the fortunate owners . Just now , a fortnight before Christmas , the array of gay dress material which lay about on tables and chairs was more than usual ; and Miss Michin and Nancy Forest — her decidedly pretty apprentice — were working as if their lives depended upon it . Nancy was the only apprentice Miss Michin had , and she had taken her when she was fourteen without a premium , on condition that when she should be “ out of her time ” ( that would be in three years ) she should give six months ’ work in payment for the instruction she had received . Nancy was now working out the six months , which fact shows her age to be between seventeen and eighteen . At that age a girl — above all , a pretty girl — likes to wear pretty things ; and Nancy had many little refined tastes which other girls in her class of life have not — due , perhaps , to the fact that while a child she had been a sort of prot é g é e of Miss Sabina Hurst 's up at the Manor Farm . Miss Sabina , who was herself not quite a lady , was nevertheless far above the Forests , who were in their employ , and had charge of an old farmhouse at Braley Brook . She was Mr. Hurst 's sister , and had been mistress at the Manor since Mrs. Hurst had died in giving birth to her little son Fred . Mr. Hurst — a hard and relentless man in most things — was almost weak in his indulgence of his son . All his fancies must be gratified , and in this Miss Sabina concurred . One of Fred 's fancies had been to make a playmate of little Nancy Forest . It followed , then , that she had been a great deal at the Manor ; but when the children grew older , and Fred took what his aunt and father termed “ an absurd fancy ” to be a musician , as his mother had been , it occurred to them that possibly later on he might take a yet more absurd idea , and want to marry his old playmate . Nancy was therefore banished from the Manor Farm . But Fred , who was not accustomed to be crossed , often met his old friend on the hills and in the valleys ; and after she had become apprenticed , he would often walk home with her part way — not as a lover , however . For the last two months he had broken this habit , and Nancy had not seen him . But we were saying that girls of Nancy 's age liked pretty things to wear . Nancy was no exception , but she had no pretty things ; her clothes had , in fact , become deplorably shabby , though by dexterous “ undoing ” and “ doing-up ” she did manage to make the very most of her dark blue serge costume . The dress and rather coquettish little jacket were of the same material ; and she had a felt hat of the same colour , which in some mysterious way altered its shape to suit the varying fashions . Last winter the wide brim was straight ; this winter it was turned up at the back , with a bunch of dark blue ribbons on the crown . Altogether her appearance was picturesque , though the odd mingling of the rustic with the latest Paris fashion-plate might call up a smile to your lips . The smile which the costume provoked was sure to die , however , when you looked at the girl 's face . You wondered at once why the lovely brown eyes looked so sad and appealing , and why the little mouth was so tremulous , and why the colour came and went so frequently on the finely-moulded cheeks , which were just a little thin for perfect beauty . And if you happened to be a student of human nature , you would read in one of Nancy 's glances a story of conflicting emotions — disappointment , timid expectancy , hope , and a dawning despair : at least , this is what I read there when I looked at Nancy from the Vicar 's pew one Sunday morning at Shenton church . I was on a visit at the Vicarage then . Of course , it must not be supposed that Miss Michin read Nancy Forest 's face in this way ; but the little dressmaker had a warm heart , though worried by the making of garments , and more by making two ends meet which nature had apparently not intended for such close proximity ; but she had certainly noticed that for the last few weeks Nancy had not looked well . It was growing dark one Thursday evening , and Sarah Ann had just brought the lamp into her mistress 's parlour . Miss Michin turned up the light slowly , remarking , as she did so , “ I do n't want this glass to crack . I might do nothing else but buy lamp-glasses if I left the turning-up of them to Sarah Ann . This one has been boiled , which , Mrs. Dodd says , is a good thing to make them stand heat . ” Then she broke off suddenly , and stared at her apprentice , exclaiming , “ Nancy , child , how pale you look ! You must leave off and go home . You shall have a nice cup of tea first . Where do you feel bad ? ” The sympathetic tone brought the tears to Nancy 's eyes , perhaps more than the words , but she answered hastily : “ Oh , indeed , dear Miss Michin , I need not go home . I have a headache , that is all , and I must not leave off before my time . I ought to stop later , and you so busy . ” “ That frock of Emma Dodd 's is just on finished , is n't it ? ” said Miss Michin , in answer . “ All but the hooks , ” replied Nancy . “ Then sew them on while I make some tea , and you can leave it at the post-office as you go . ” Nancy protested , but Miss Michin insisted , and in a short time the dress was pinned up in a dark cloth , and Nancy having drunk the tea , more to please her kind friend than because she thought it would cure her headache , donned the little jacket and fantastic hat , and went across to the post-office , which was also a shop of a general description . Mrs. Dodd was engaged in lighting her shop-window when Nancy entered . “ I have brought Emma 's dress , Mrs. Dodd , ” she began , when that lady had descended from the high stool on which she had mounted to place the lamps in the window . “ Miss Michin told me to tell you there was n't enough of the plush to finish off the lappets to match the collar and cuffs , but she thinks you 'll like it just as well as it is . ” Mrs. Dodd examined the little dress , and , having approved of it , asked in a friendly way what Nancy herself was going to have new this Christmas . “ Oh , I do n't know yet , ” answered Nancy , colouring deeply . “ You see , I 'm not earning yet , and father 's wages are small , you know . ” “ Mr. Hurst is real mean , I know that , ” exclaimed the post-mistress , decidedly . “ None but a very mean man would have cut your poor father 's wages down after he was laid up with a bad leg so long . ” “ But father says himself that he can n't do as much since his accident , and he does n't want to be paid beyond what he earns , ” Nancy explained , hastily . Mrs. Dodd began to fold up Emma 's dress , remarking , as she did so , “ It 's a queer go as Mr. Hurst should have let young Mr. Fred do nothink but music ; but , to be sure , he do play beautiful . My Benny , as blows the organ for him , says it 's ‘ eavenly what he makes up himself . He 's uncommon handsome , too ; much like his mother , who was , poor young lady , a heap too good for the likes of Jacob Hurst . She used to play the church organ like the angel Gabriel . ” Mrs. Dodd glanced at Nancy to see the effect of this simile , which was quite an inspiration , but the girl was intent on smoothing the creases out of her very old and much-mended kid gloves . “ Folks do say , Miss Nancy , ” went on Mrs. Dodd , “ as young Mr. Fred had a fancy for you at one time , and as you sent him to the rightabouts . Now , I say as — ” “ Oh , please do n't say anything about it , Mrs. Dodd , ” broke out Nancy , excitedly . “ It 's all a mistake — I am not his equal in any way — he never thought of anything like that . ” She would have added , “ Nor I ; ” but she was too truthful . An overwhelming sense of shame came over her . How could she have given her heart away unsought ! With a hasty good-night she left the shop , closing the door so sharply in her self-condemnation as to set the little bell upon it ringing as if it had gone mad . She could hear its metallic tinkle till she was close upon the church . Here other sounds filled her ears . There was a light in the church , and Fred Hurst was there playing one of Bach 's Fugues . Nancy 's heart fluttered like a captive bird . For a brief space she leaned against the cold railings , looking intently at a branch of ivy which the north wind was tossing against the diamond-shaped panes of the window — then she drew herself up hastily and proudly , and walked on rapidly towards the bleak hills which she must cross to reach her father 's farm at Braley Brook . “ How I wish I was out of my time , ” she said to herself , as the crisp snow crackled beneath her small feet . “ I could go away then and earn my living , where I could never see him — or hear him —. Oh , Fred ! ” she broke out in what was almost a cry , “ why have you met me and walked with me so often , if you meant to leave off and say no more ? It must be because my dress has grown so shabby — I do n't look so — so nice as I did — yet if his father were not hard I might have more . ” And poor Nancy being now far from any habitation gave herself the relief of a good cry , knowing she could not be observed . In the meantime the organ at the church had ceased playing , and the young man who was seated at it began turning over a pile of music which lay beside him . But this he did mechanically — he was not going to play again that evening , he did it as an accompaniment to perplexed thought . He remained so long silent that Benny Dodd , who had been “ blowing ” for him , ventured out from among the shadows cast by the organ pipes and asked , “ Please , Mr. Fred , are you going to play any more ? ” Fred Hurst looked up smiling , and feeling in his waistcoat pocket for the customary coin , said cheerfully , “ I had quite forgotten you , Benny ! No , I shall not play any more to-night . ” The small boy clattered down the stone aisle noisily , and Fred Hurst began to push in the stops preparatory to closing the organ . In doing so he caught a glimpse of his face in the small mirror which hung at one side , and he burst out laughing . “ What a tragic look I have managed to put on , ” he thought . Then he locked the organ , and was about to blow out the candles , when he changed his mind and took out a scrap of printed paper from his pocket and read it by their light . It was a favourable review of a song he had composed , and which had just been published . “ Though there is no genius displayed in this little composition , it is extremely pleasing ; the air is catching , and the accompaniment is tuneful without ostentation . ‘ Winged Love ’ should become a popular favourite . ” This is what he read ; and having read it ( of course not for the first time ) , he seemed to form a sudden resolution on the strength of it . He looked at his watch ; it marked a few minutes past six ; he blew out the lights and left the church , hesitating a moment by the railings on which Nancy had leaned an hour before . “ I think this justifies me , ” he meditated . “ If ‘ Winged Love ’ is so well spoken of I am sure to get on , and in time make an income sufficient for us two : poor child , she has n't been used to luxuries , and a simple home would content her . She must be part way home by now . Yes , I will follow Nancy , and explain why I have not met her for so long , and ask her to love me and wait till I can ask her to be my wife . ” But Nancy Forest had left Shenton early , as we have seen , so Fred Hurst did not overtake her . He went all the way to Braley Brook , however , and right up to the ruinous old farmhouse where the Forests lived , and waited in the orchard some time , hoping that Nancy would come out to bring in some linen which hung to bleach among the bare apple trees . He knew that Nancy always helped her mother in the evenings . But on this evening no errand seemed to bring her out of doors , and Fred Hurst went away without seeing her , meaning to meet her next day . It would have been wiser if Fred had gone boldly to the farmhouse and asked to see Nancy ; but we are none of us wise at all times , and we have generally to pay in pain for our lack of wisdom as well as for our actual faults , though perhaps not in the same degree . II . Fred Hurst 's father was Nancy 's father 's master , as we have seen ; and a hard enough master , as Mrs. Dodd had said . John Forest and his family — that is , his wife and Nancy — lived in the only habitable part of what had once been a considerable farmhouse . John worked on the “ land , ” took care of the horses and other live stock — there were not many — and his wife attended to the poultry , which were numerous enough . She also earned a little by mending the holes which the rats bit in the corn-sacks . In harvest-time she made gentian beer for the men , and a kind of harvest cake , originally made for a four o'clock meal , which explains the word known as “ fourses . ” But with all these little extras the Forests found it sufficiently hard to live , and of course Nancy was not yet earning . “ You ought to have sent that girl of yours to service , ” Mr. Hurst would not infrequently say to Nancy 's mother . He , moreover , said the same thing to his maiden sister Sabina , when Fred was present . It was then that Fred 's eyes opened to the fact that Nancy Forest was more to him than anything else in the world — far , far more than the old playmate he had thought her . Send Nancy to service ! sweet , delicate , lady-like little Nancy , with her dimpled white hands . Perhaps Nancy had no business to have white hands , and dainty , refined ways ; but she had , and that was Aunt Sabina 's fault for having her so much at the Manor . It was partly nature 's fault , too , certainly , for Nancy had always seemed like a changeling , she was so above her surroundings . Fred Hurst having thus discovered his own love , proceeded to discover Nancy 's . It was all clear to him now , he was sure she had given her pure childlike heart to him , perhaps unwittingly , as he had done . How blind he had been ! With knowledge , caution came . Fred made up his mind that he must no more walk with Nancy till he was prepared to do so in his true character — that of a lover . This would be impossible till he could offer a home to Nancy . It might be that his father would even turn the Forests away , if he suspected his son 's affection for their only child . He could not risk that . So two months passed . Fred was organist at the parish church and had been composing songs , as we have seen . Most of them had come back to him accompanied by polite notes of refusal ; one or two had come out and failed to attract any notice . Now , “ Winged Love ” was proving a success — so he had resolved to speak to Nancy herself , though not yet to the parents on either side . It was a pity he did n't take the straightforward course — it pays best , did people but know it . Had Fred Hurst gone to the house boldly that night , it might , as I have said , have saved much misery . Had he glanced through the uncurtained window of the “ house-place , ” I think he would certainly have gone in , for he would have seen Nancy in tears . Mrs. Forest was a woman whose temper could not have been sweet under the best of conditions . It will be understood , then , that it developed into something very bad indeed under the worrying influence of a master like Mr. Hurst , who was never satisfied , and whose method of dealing with those he employed was one of incessant bullying . He was , moreover , subject to delusions about being cheated , and his suspiciousness was always in evidence . This last fault was also one of Mrs. Forest 's own , and if anything a worse one than her bad temper , and was not infrequently the occasion of an exhibition of the latter . When Nancy got home from Miss Michin 's on the night when Fred Hurst tried to meet her , she found her mother in one of her worst moods . Mr. Hurst had been there all the morning , superintending the killing and packing of the turkeys for the London market . Nancy had made up her mind on her way home to ask her mother for a little money to buy herself some new gloves . She resolved to make her request at once on entering the house-place , where her mother was — partly from a desire to get what generally proved a disagreeable business over as soon as possible , and more , perhaps , because she saw her father sitting smoking his pipe in the chimney-corner . John Forest usually supported his daughter , who was a great favourite of his . He generally called her “ Sweet Nancy , ” because she was so pretty and dainty , and , above all , so good-tempered — a quality he knew how to appreciate . “ I was wondering , mother , ” Nancy began hesitatingly , as she removed her hat and advanced towards the wood fire , above which Mrs. Forest was hooking-on a huge kettle of fowls ’ food — “ I was wondering if I might have some new gloves for Christmas . ” “ And where , I should like to know , is the money for them to come from ? ” demanded the mother sharply . “ I want lots of things I go without . It takes all I can scrape and spare to buy saucers for them chickens to break . It 's a shame of the master not to buy proper drinking dishes for them ; and when I asked him for some , he said your father could dig a hole and sink the old copper-boiler in it , and fill that with water for them , just as if he had n't the sense to see as how every blessed chicken ‘ ud get drowned , and me be blamed for it , as usual . ” “ Here is half-a-sovereign as the master gave me for you to pay for the sacks . Could n't Nancy have some of that ? ” inquired John , fumbling in his pocket for the coin . Mrs. Forest took the money from his hand and placed it upon the chimney-piece , intending to put it away presently in the tea-pot in the corner cupboard , which , however , she forgot to do , otherwise this story would never have been written . “ I want all that ten shillings to get a new cocoa-matting for the front room floor , ” she said , decidedly . “ The bricks strike as cold as a grave since the old matting was took up . ” “ I must go and grind the turmits for the sheep , and move ‘ em into the other fold for the night , ” said John , knocking out the ashes from his pipe and rising to go . As he was closing the door behind him he called to his wife , “ You let the cocoa-matting bide , and give Nan a shilling or two for her gloves . ” “ That I shall do nothing of the sort , then , ” shouted Mrs. Forest after her husband ; then , turning on her daughter angrily , she asked : “ What do you want gloves at all for , I should like to know ? I do n't wear gloves ; and why should you , who do nothing to earn them ? ” “ I shall be out of my time soon , ” Nancy answered , beginning to cry ; “ and I will pay you back then all I have cost . ” “ I daresay , ” sneered her mother ; “ it 'll take all you can earn to deck yourself out to catch young Mr. Fred 's eyes . Do n't you think as I 'm not sharp enough to see which way the wind blows . ” “ Mother ! ” cried Nancy , rising indignantly to her feet , her eyes flashing , her cheeks burning with shame and anger . “ How dare you talk to me so ? You have no right ! ” “ Have n't I no right ? ” almost shrieked Mrs. Forest . “ I stand none of your impudence ! ” And with these words her passion so took possession of her that she leaned forward and with her open hand struck her daughter a stinging blow on one of her cheeks . “ You are fond of crying , ” she said , “ so take something to cry for — for once . ” But Nancy did not cry : she stood still , staring in a bewildered way at the burning log upon the hearth , the flame from which danced upon her reddened cheek . Had Fred remained a little longer in the orchard , trouble might have been prevented ; for he would have seen Nancy , whom Mrs. Forest sent to bring in the new linen which was bleaching . Mrs. Forest gave her this to do , because she could not bear to see her stand so silent and dazed . She was , indeed , heartily ashamed of the act she had committed the moment it was over , but knew what was done could n't be undone . She had never struck her daughter before , and resolved never to do so again ; but it did not occur to her to tell Nancy so . Had she done so , the warm-hearted child would have responded at once to such an advance ; but she only said : “ Well , well ; have done staring in the fire , Nan ; and run and fetch the linen from the orchard . ” Nancy obeyed mechanically , little knowing who had just left the spot , and feeling in her young heart all the bitterness of utter desolation . III . A night of sorrow is said to give place to a morning of joy . This would be a comforting thought were it not that the morning must likewise give place in its turn to another night . The morning which followed the night of Nancy Forest 's bitter humiliation was certainly a bright one — at least , by contrast ; and , unfortunately , much so-called happiness is only such . Were the world not a dark and naughty one , a good deed might not shine so brightly . In the first place , Nancy was young and healthy ; so the wintry sun , though it shone on a frozen ground , cheered her . Then Mrs. Forest was unusually amiable at breakfast , and paid some attention to her daughter , which she generally found herself too busy to do . Her father made much of her , as was his habit . He had apparently heard nothing of last night 's episode . The walk across the hills to Shenton was exhilarating , and at the end of it a pleasant surprise awaited Nancy . She found Miss Michin already at work on a dress for Miss Sabina Hurst when she arrived . The good-natured little woman greeted her apprentice brightly . “ You are looking better , Nancy ; the walk has given you a colour . ” Then she reached out her hand to a table near her , and took a little parcel from it and gave it to Nancy . “ It is nothing , ” she explained , as the girl looked at it curiously . “ Open it , dear ; it is a trifle for a Christmas gift . I wish it was more . ” Nancy could only say “ Oh , Miss Michin — how kind ! ” to begin with . Then she unwrapped the paper and saw a dainty pair of brown kid gloves with ever so many buttons . This matter of the buttons was not unimportant in Nancy 's eyes . Had her mother given her the money , she thought , she could never have bought gloves with more than two buttons . “ This is just what I needed — oh , thank you so much , ” she exclaimed , when she had looked at them . “ That was what I thought , ” said the dressmaker ; “ so now we must set to work and get a good day . ” And Nancy did work well that day , never looking up from her work , except once to glance across to the Post-office at the time she knew Benny Dodd usually came out to go to the church . She could not see Fred , so it was some pleasure to her to look at the small boy who blew the organ for him . But Benny did not perform that office for the young musician on this day , for Fred Hurst had gone to London that morning , summoned thither by a letter from Messrs. Hermann and Scheiner , music publishers . The marked success of “ Winged Love ” had disposed these gentlemen to make the young composer a good offer for his next song . The more immediate cause of their determination was the fact that Se ñ or Flor è s had chosen to sing “ Winged Love ” at the last Saturday afternoon concert at St. James ’ Hall , and its reception had been such as to establish a certain sale for songs from the same hand . “ Who is this Fred Hurst ? ” people in London were asking . Miss Sabina , in her showy drawing-room up at the Manor Farm , thought over the event all day in her own critical way , and predicted evil as the result . There was an old Broadwood grand piano in the room where she sat , covered with a pile of old music — Beethoven , Mendelssohn , Haydn , and all the composers whose music Miss Sabina disliked . This music had belonged to Fred 's mother , a fair and unfortunate creature , whose own story I shall some day write . Miss Sabina 's performances upon the pianoforte were limited to such compositions as the “ Canary Birds ’ Quadrilles , ” “ My Heart is Over the Sea , ” etc ., which she never played at all now . But she looked at the old piano , and recalled her sister-in-law 's pretty baby looks and tragic end , and prophesied evil for Fred . Jacob Hurst laughed the whole business to scorn . The one being in Shenton who could have genuinely rejoiced at Fred 's success knew nothing about it . Nancy 's thoughts were constantly with him , however , and when her work ended for the day , and she walked homeward across the hills to Braley Brook , she connected many an inanimate object she passed with some look or word of his . These looks and words had always been so kind , so gentle , that as the brook , where the forget-me-nots grew in summer , or the bank in the hollow where the primroses grew thickest in spring , or the fallen tree , which , as the weeks passed , would become golden with moss and lichen again — as all these would awaken to summer sunshine and gladness ;— so would her heart . Fred 's love for her — she felt sure he had loved her — was only hidden away like the flowers under the snow , to bloom forth again in spring . It was her winter , that was all , she told herself . She must wait as the flowers did . When she reached home , her mind was filled with hope — hope which but too soon was to give place to despair . Last night Mrs. Forest had struck her — but then she had not looked nearly so angry as she did now when her daughter appeared before her . “ Where is my ten shillings ? ” she cried menacingly , as Nancy closed the kitchen-door behind her . “ What have you done with it , you ungrateful , unnatural girl ? ” she repeated loudly . “ Indeed , mother , I know nothing of it , ” poor Nancy answered , trembling violently . “ Is it in that there teapot ? ” inquired the enraged mother , thrusting the article in question close to the frightened girl 's face . Nancy glanced rapidly from the empty teapot to the chimney-piece . “ You need n't look there , you hussy , ” Mrs. Forest continued , seeing the direction Nancy 's eyes were taking . “ There 's nothing on the chimney-piece — the money 's gone , and you 've took it , because your father said you were to — it was n't his to give — did he mend the sacks ? tell me that ! I 'll have my money back — every halfpenny , so you 'd better give it me before I make you . ” “ Mother , I have not touched it ; I know nothing about it , really I do n't , ” said Nancy desperately . “ What 's that you 've got in your hand ? ” demanded Mrs. Forest , catching sight of the parcel containing the gloves . Nancy did not answer ; she was looking at the round table , which was covered with the shining brass ornaments which had been removed from the chimney-piece in the search for the missing coin . There they were — candlesticks , pans , snuffer-tray , and beer-warmer , articles she remembered from earliest childhood as never in use , and always highly polished . Now as the firelight flickered upon them they seemed to be looking at the distracted girl with countless fiery eyes which twinkled in malice . Nancy could not take her eyes from these other eyes , she could not think for the moment . She vaguely knew that her mother took away her parcel , and presently Mrs. Forest 's rasping voice recalled her from her stupefied reverie . “ So you spent it in gloves , did you ? Six-buttoned ones , too —! Oh , you ungrateful , selfish , wasteful girl . ” “ Mother , mother , ” wailed Nancy , taking hold of Mrs. Forest 's gown with one hand convulsively , while she pressed the other to her brow , where her wavy locks of hair lay all damp and ruffled . “ You should believe — you must believe me — Miss Michin gave me the gloves — I have never seen your money — oh , mother , I could n't have touched it — I could n't . ” “ Do n't add lies to it , ” broke out Mrs. Forest in a greater passion than ever . Than this last remark , nothing could have easily been more unjust . Nancy had always been a very truthful child . “ If you can no longer trust me , it is perhaps better for me — to — to go away , ” said Nancy , softly . “ Yes — go — go now , ” replied her mother , who had arrived at that stage of rage when people use words little heeding their meaning . Nancy buttoned her little jacket once more , and tied a silk handkerchief round her neck , and passed out at the door in a wild , hurried fashion . Mrs. Forest looked at the door and smiled . “ She 'll none go , ” she said to herself ; “ where could she go to ? ” But Nancy did not resemble her mother in hasty moods , she was rather the subject of permanent impressions . Her mother 's conduct had wounded her to the quick . She could no longer endure it , she thought . Hitherto , her father 's love had rendered it bearable — but now , even that seemed powerless to keep her under the same roof as her mother . Where could she go ? She would walk on , no matter in what direction ; then , when she could walk no more , she might perhaps be calm enough to think . IV . “ Where is Nan ? ” asked John Forest , when he entered the house , an hour after Nancy had left it . “ Oh , she 'll be here presently , ” replied the mother evasively . Of course Nancy would come soon , she thought to herself , and what was the use of rousing John ? Another hour passed . “ Nan 's very late to-night , ” said her father . “ I 've a mind to go and meet her . ” “ You bide by the fire , John , ” responded his wife . “ Nancy 's in a tantrum because I found out as she 'd took that bag-money — she 'll come in when she 's a mind . ” “ The bag-money ! ” repeated John in a puzzled way . “ Nan take it !— she never did , barring you give it her . ” “ She did then , and bought gloves with it , to do up with six buttons , and there they be now beside you on the settle , ” retorted Mrs. Forest . John looked in the place his wife had indicated , and there , sure enough , lay the brown kid gloves . This evidence did seem conclusive . John shook his grey head as he held the dainty gloves across his rough palm , and presently said , “ You have kept her too short , wife — girls wants their bits of things . ” He paused and sighed heavily , and then added , “ I 'll go and look for her . ” “ It 's all your fault , John , ” broke out his wife as he rose to go . “ You as good as told her to do it . ” “ You ought to have given her some money , Eliza , and you 've been nagging at her and driven her out this cold night ; if harm comes of it — ” said John as he went out . “ Fiddlesticks about harm ; what harm can come to her , I should like to know ? ” retorted his wife , without allowing him to complete his sentence . Then the door closed and Eliza Forest was alone , with the ticking of the eight-day clock to bear her company . Slowly the hand of the clock travelled on . A clock is a weird companion — above all , one that strikes the hour after a preliminary groaning sound as this clock did . Mrs. Forest tried to occupy herself with the stocking she was knitting , but she was uneasy and let her work fall in her lap while she reflected to the accompaniment of that metallic “ Tick-tick ” of the clock . “ My mother always said that my temper would get me down and worry me , ” she meditated ; “ and I believe it will before it 's done . ” Ten o'clock struck — eleven o'clock , and Mrs. Forest grew really alarmed . She rose and placed her knitting on the high chimney-piece — she generally put it there out of the way of the cat , who played with the ball — and opened the door and peered out into the darkness . There was a sound of footsteps along the frozen high road . She listened intently , but the horses began to move about in the stable close by and she could no longer hear the footsteps . The cold wind blew right against her , chilling her through and through . But she still stood there in the doorway . By-and-by there were unmistakable footsteps near at hand . A moment more and John was beside her . He was alone . “ Wife , ” he began in a hollow voice , “ Nan left Miss Michin as usual ; has she been home ? ” “ I told you she had , ” gasped the mother . “ I told you she and me had had a tiff about the money . ” John Forest made no comment , he was too desperate for that . He knew well enough that if his quiet , patient little Nan had gone away , she must be in a state of mind out of which tragedies come . He would go and rouse Jim Lincoln , who slept in the stable loft , and they would search for her . Mrs. Forest watched her husband disappear in the dim starlight , and then went back to the kitchen . Vague fears took possession of her . She dreaded she knew not what . All her unkindness to Nancy , culminating in last night 's blow , seemed to rise up against her . Even as to the taking of the money , Nancy had had her father 's sanction and might have thought that enough . But Nancy denied having touched the money ; what if , after all , she had spoken the truth ! She had always been particularly truthful in even the smallest matters . Mrs. Forest would try not to think any more ; it was too painful . She would reach down her knitting and try to “ do ” a bit . She rose and took down the half-knit stocking , but the spare needle was missing . She felt with her hand upon the chimney-piece , but could not find it . Then she mounted a chair and searched . It was nowhere to be seen . “ It may have slipped into the nick at the back , ” she thought , and she got a skewer and poked it into the narrow groove . Out fell the needle — and something else which made a clinking sound as it fell upon the brick floor . She stooped to see what it was , and there glittering in the firelight lay the missing half-sovereign . When Fred Hurst had seen Messrs. Hermann and Scheiner , he was in the highest possible spirits : a whole future seemed to open out before him . It may appear that Fred was conceited , and “ too sure ; ” but we must record that he went to a jeweller 's and bought a little pearl ring for Nancy , meaning to place it on her third finger next day when her lips should have given him the promise he knew her heart had long since given . Having made his purchase he took train from Liverpool Street to Exboro ’ , from which place he would have to walk to Shenton , where he could not arrive until one o'clock in the morning . He had performed some miles of his walk across the hills , and was within an appreciable distance of Braley Brook , when he observed a dark figure crouching on a fallen tree . He was at first a little startled , for it was most unusual to meet anyone in this place , above all at such an hour : it was after midnight . On coming nearer he saw that the figure was that of a woman . It might be one of the cottagers from Shenton — who had been to Exboro ’ and been taken ill on the way home — he would see . He came close and touched the crouching figure , and asked gently , “ Are you ill ? Can I do anything for you ? ” The figure started violently and looked up at him , and in the starlight he recognised the face of Nancy Forest . In a moment he was seated on the fallen tree beside her , and had placed his arm about her . “ Nancy , dearest Nancy , ” he cried , pressing burning kisses on her cold cheek — the first he had ever given her . “ Nancy , speak to me ; tell me what is the meaning of your being here . ” But she could not answer him then ; she simply laid her cheek against his shoulder and wept bitterly . But she did tell him all presently ; and he told her what he had long since wished to tell , and they walked together to the old farm , for , of course , Nancy must return to her parents for a little time — only a very little time , they decided . When they reached the farm , John Forest and his wife were standing by the round table in the house-place , where the half-sovereign lay . John was hard and relentless ; his wife was sobbing aloud . And then the door opened , and Nancy and Fred stood before them . With a wild cry , Eliza Forest clasped her daughter to her heart , imploring her forgiveness . “ My temper ‘ welly ’ worried me this time , Nancy , ” she said ; “ but after this I will worry it . ” So here the story properly ends , for Mr. Hurst , to the surprise of everyone , yielded a ready consent to the marriage , and even offered an allowance to the young couple and one of his small farms to live in . Miss Sabina allowed her old interest in Nancy to revive , and sent her the material for her wedding dress , which Miss Michin announced her intention of making up herself — every stitch . Nor was this all . Mrs. Dodd , the worthy post-mistress , with whom Nancy had always been a favourite , begged her acceptance of a prettily-furnished work-basket which she had made a journey to Exboro ’ to buy . And the half-sovereign ? It was never spent , but was always in sight under a wine-glass , to remind the owner — so she said — “ of how her temper nearly worried her . ” JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY . PAUL . BY THE AUTHOR OF “ ADONAIS , Q. C . ” It was a great surprise and disappointment to me when Janet , the only child of my brother , Duncan Wright , wrote announcing her engagement to the Honourable Stephen Vandeleur . I had always thought she would marry Paul . Paul was the only surviving son — four others had died — of my dead brother Alexander , and had made one of Duncan 's household from his boyhood . I had always loved Janet — and Paul was as the apple of my eye . When the two were mere children , and Duncan was still in comparatively humble circumstances , living in a semi-detached villa in the suburbs of Glasgow , I kept my brother 's house for some years , he being then a widower . I cannot say I altogether liked doing so . Having independent means of my own , I did not require to fill such a position , and I had never got on very well with Duncan . However , I dearly loved the children , although I had enough to do with them , too . Janet was one of the prettiest , merriest , laughing little creatures — with eyes the colour of the sea in summer-time , and a complexion like a wild-rose — the sun ever shed its light upon ; but she had a most distressing way of tearing her frocks and of never looking tidy , which Duncan seemed to think entirely my fault ; and as for Paul , he certainly was a most awful boy . He was fair as Janet , though with a differently-shaped face ; rather a long face , with a square , determined-looking chin ; and , besides being one of the handsomest , was assuredly one of the cleverest boys I ever knew . He had a good , sound , strong Scotch intellect , and was as sharp as a needle , or any Yankee , into the bargain . But he would have his own way , whatever it was , and was often mischievous as a fiend incarnate ; and in his contradictory moods , would have gone on saying black was white all day on the chance of getting somebody to argue with him . Duncan paid no attention whatever to the lad , except , from time to time , to speculate what particular bad end he would come to . But I loved Paul , and Paul loved me — and adored Janet . The boy had one exceedingly beautiful feature in his face : sometimes I could not take my eyes from it ; I used to wonder if it could be that which made me love him so much — his mouth . I have never seen another anything like it . The steady , strong , and yet delicate lips — so calm and serious when still , as to make one feel at rest merely to look at them ; but when in motion extraordinarily sensitive , quivering , curving , and curling in sympathy with every thought . I loved both children ; but perhaps the reason that made me love Paul most was — that whilst I knew Janet 's nature , out and in , to the core of her very loving little heart , Paul 's often puzzled me . There was not much in the way of landscape to be seen from that villa in the suburbs of Glasgow ; but we did catch just one glimpse of sky which was not always obscured by smoke , and I have seen Paul , lost in thought , looking up at this patch of blue , with an expression on his face — at once sweet and sorrowful — so strange in one so young , that it made me instinctively move more quietly , not to disturb him , and set me wondering . However , what with one thing and another , I was not by any means heart-broken when Duncan married again — one of the kindest women in the world ; I can n't think what she saw in him — and thus released me . So the years flew on — and the wheel of fortune gave some strange turns for Duncan . By a series of wonderfully successful speculations he rapidly amassed a huge fortune . They left Glasgow then , and built a colossal white brick mansion not far from London . When Janet was eighteen and Paul twenty-one , I paid them a visit there . Except that Janet was now grown up , she was just the same — with her thriftless , thoughtless ways , and her laughing baby face , and her yellow head — a silly little head enough , perhaps , but a dear , dear little head to me . She had the same admiration , almost awe , of the splendours of this world in any form ; the same love of fine clothes — with the same carelessness as to how she used them . It gave me a good laugh , the first afternoon I was there , to see her come in with a new dress all soiled and torn by a holly-bush she had pushed her way through on the lawn . It made me think of the time when she had gone popping in and out to the little back garden at Glasgow , and singing and swinging about the stairs — a bonnie wee lassie with a dirty pink cotton gown , and , as often as not , dirtier face . Paul seemed to me , in looks at least , to have more than fulfilled the promise of his boyhood . A handsomer , more self-reliant-looking young fellow I had never seen ; and I was not long in the house before I observed — with secret tears of amusement — that it was not only in looks he remained unchanged . The same dictatorialness and sharp tongue ; the same thinly-veiled insolence to Duncan ; the same swift smiles from his entrancing lips — thank Heaven undisfigured by any moustache — to myself ; the same unalterable gentleness to Janet . His invariable courtesy to Duncan 's wife made me very happy . It was as I said : there was much good in the boy . Paul had a little money of his own to begin with , and I did think Duncan , with his fortune , might have sent an exceptionally clever lad like that to one of the Universities , and made something of him afterwards — a lawyer , say ; but instead of that , Paul was put into business in London , and , I was glad to hear , was doing very well . As for Duncan 's hideous white brick castle , with its paltry half-dozen acres , entered by lodges of the utmost pretension , and his coach-houses full of flashy carriages , with the family coat-of-arms (!) upon each , I thought the whole place one of the most contemptible patches of snobbery on this fair earth ; and I was glad my father 's toil-bleared eyes were hid in the grave , so that they should not have the shame of resting upon it . In spite of what I thought , however , I did my best to keep a solemn face at Paul 's smart speeches , which were often amusing , and often simply impudence . Duncan , as of yore , went as though he saw him not . I had not been at Duncan 's palace long before I came to the conclusion that there was some private understanding betwixt the two young people ; and , at last , just before I left , my suspicions were confirmed . Hastily pushing open the library door , which stood ajar , I saw Paul with his back to me , at the end of the room , looking into the conservatory . He had evidently just entered from the garden . “ Janet , ” he called , in a voice the import of which there could be no mistaking ; and with a rush , I heard several pots crash ; Janet , who had no doubt happened to have her head turned the other way , sprang into view , and threw herself into his arms . I quietly withdrew , and went away very , very happy . I knew Paul had a promise of a first-rate appointment abroad , by-and-by ; and supposing I should hear more of this before long , I went placidly away home to the far north . Instead of that , in six months or so , Janet wrote announcing her engagement to the Honourable Stephen Vandeleur . Of course I went south for Janet 's wedding . If I had thought she was being forced into this marriage ( Duncan was snob enough ) I should not have gone a step , but should have done my best to prevent it ; but I could not think that from the tone of the letter ; and Paul wrote as well all about it . I could but think I had been mistaken ; that there had been no serious engagement between them , but only a flirtation , as they might call it , or something of that sort : a very reprehensible flirtation , with my Puritanical notions , it seemed to me . I need not say I was greatly disappointed . So in due course south I went . Paul met me — handsomer and more dictatorial than ever ; his blue eyes clear and piercing as before . He seemed quite pleased ; said Stephen Vandeleur was a good fellow ; was most impertinently sarcastic about Duncan 's aristocratic guests ; and altogether appeared in good spirits . Janet I did not think looking well . She seemed very nervous , and made the remark that she wished it were six months ago ; but of course it was natural a girl should be a little hysterical on the eve of her wedding-day . The morrow came , and the wedding with it . I thought it a very unpleasant one . Whatever might be Stephen Vandeleur 's own feelings , he seemed , as Paul said , a very good fellow . It was evident his friends only countenanced it on consideration of the huge dowry Janet brought with her . Some of them were gentlepeople , as I understand the word , and some were not ; but Duncan , who appeared really to think the mere accident of superior birth in itself a guarantee of personal merit , as Paul very truly put it , grovelled all round , until I was sick with shame . Paul , however , was at his best and wittiest and brightest , and kept everybody in tolerably good humour . When the carriage came to take the bride and bridegroom away , I remembered some trifle of Janet 's that had been left in the conservatory ; and , as I was in the hall at the time , ran hastily outside and round by the gravel to the door opening from the lawn , which was my shortest way to the conservatory from there . Suddenly I stood quite still . Paul was looking out of the library window , and Janet , ready for departure , came falteringly in and stood behind him . He did not look towards her . “ Paul ! ” she whispered entreatingly ; and although so low there was the utmost anguish in the tone : “ Paul . ” As though not knowing what she did , she raised her arm , standing behind him there , as if to shake hands . Abruptly he wheeled round , with a face down which the great tears coursed , but awful in its pallor and sternness ; and , taking no notice of her outstretched hand , pointed to the door . Weeping bitterly , she swiftly turned and went . I cannot describe the shock this terrible scene gave me . It did not take half-a-dozen short moments to enact , but it represented , unmistakably , the blasting of two lives — the lives of those dearest in all the world to me . I do not know , I never knew , whether Paul saw me . I think I must have become momentarily unconscious , and when I came to myself he was gone . I sat where I was , weeping bitter tears — bitter as Janet 's — and thought of the little lassie in the dirty pink frock that had sung and swung about the stairs , and of the boy who had stood day-dreaming , looking up into the blue sky . Sometimes I was wildly angry . Whose fault was it ? Who was answerable for this ? If it was the young people 's own fault , someone ought to have looked after them better , ought to have prevented it . No one , not even I , could help them now , that was the bitterest , bitterest part of it ; no one and nothing — save time , or death . I wished that day I had never left my children . II . I must pass over a long period now — I suppose I should have said I was writing of a great many years ago , and come to the time , twenty years later , when Paul came home from abroad . He had not been home all these years , and neither had I been once in the south . Janet , my poor Janet , was long since dead . She had died before she was quite two years married . It was an additional pang to my grief that I had never said good-bye to her at all ; but no good-bye was better than that awful one I had witnessed of Paul . What was the precise explanation of it I never knew . It was easy to divine that Janet had indeed been engaged to marry Paul , and had given him up ; but whether this was the result of some quarrel , or whether she had deliberately done it , dazzled by the prospect of a union with an earl 's son , I cannot say . Anyhow , I am sure she quickly regretted her determination . I am certain she loved only Paul . But the word had been spoken , and whatever Vandeleur may have been , Paul was not a man to give any woman a chance of trifling with him twice . So my poor Janet had to reap what her folly had sown , as best she might . Janet left one little child , a daughter , called Janet , after her ; and this child , becoming an orphan at an early age by the death , next , of Stephen Vandeleur , was brought up with his family in Ireland . She was in Scotland once when she was about fourteen , and I saw her , and was not favourably impressed . She was quiet and prim and proper , as cold as an icicle : a very pretty little girl , I owned that ; but then I had thought to find something of my Janet , and was disappointed . Her eyes were indeed blue , but looked one in the face calmly as though they had belonged to a woman of forty ; and her hair and long eye-lashes were as dark as night . She had just this of my Janet , her pink and snow wild-rose complexion . She seemed to me , in all else , a Vandeleur to her finger-tips . She occasionally paid Duncan long visits ; and as she grew up , I heard that Duncan tried to make these visits as frequent and as lengthy as possible . She was immensely admired , it seemed , and Duncan liked her to stay with him because of the people she attracted to his house . I was sure this was true . It was so like one of Duncan 's horrid ways . He still lived in that white brick edifice , and was richer then ever . A good deal of gossip drifted to me , in the far north as I was . I was told that Janet had a Manchester millionaire , an American railway king , and a real live lord , all madly in love with her — and she not yet quite nineteen ! Just then Paul returned home , and Duncan wrote inviting me to come down and see them . Paul was to stay with them — and Duncan was quite proud about it . His predictions had turned out all wrong ; for Paul had come home a personage of importance , and a very rich man indeed . I was almost sorry that Janet 's child happened to be at Duncan 's just then , thinking her presence would revive old memories better forgotten . And then , if Paul were at all like what he used to be , I was sure her calmly superior , supercilious little ways would irritate him intensely . I had never seen her at Duncan 's , but I could fancy how she would look there . When I saw Paul , just for the first minute or so I felt quite startled . He seemed so marvellously little changed . He was forty-one , and would have looked young for thirty . Of course by-and-by I saw there were lines in his face which had not before been there . I could not say , not talking of appearance but of character , that I thought him improved . He no longer spoke scornfully to or of Duncan , but was always coldly courteous ; yet often I would see a sneer on his curving lips that was more biting and bitter than any words , and made them look evil . He was not dictatorial all round to everybody as he used to be , but I thought him harsh in particular instances . His smiles to myself were more rare ; his eyes colder : he seemed to me cynical of all on earth ; I feared , too , with keen sorrow , of all in Heaven . Others spoke of the changes the wear and tear of life abroad had made on Paul , but I had seen his face as it looked — for the last time on earth — upon Janet that day , and had my own sad thoughts . But although I speak of these changes , I do not mean to say that Paul was not as gentle and loving to me as he had ever been , and that I was not exquisitely happy to be with him again . Many a pleasant walk had we about Duncan 's garden , I leaning on Paul 's strong arm , a support which I felt the need of now . Twenty years had not come and gone without leaving plenty of traces on me . We neither of us ever mentioned Janet , my Janet , that is to say . Janet 's daughter ( Janet II ., as I used to mentally designate her for convenience ’ sake ) was here as I expected , and for a while , just as before , I did not take to her . I left her alone and she left me alone ; that was her way . She was lovely , certainly ; ethereally lovely ; almost too lovely for one 's senses to grasp the fact that she was but common flesh and blood like all the rest of the world : a poem in human form if there ever was one . Gossip had spoken truly for once ; there were the three distinguished lovers , and goodness knows how many more besides . Paul and I never spoke of this girl , any more than we did of my Janet ; but , at first , I often fancied I saw his gaze fastened on her ; the same unpleasant sneer on his lips which disfigured them when he looked at Duncan . By and by I grew rather to like her . I believe I , at heart , resented Paul looking like that at my Janet 's bairn . I began to fancy that , for all her apparent calmness , she was shy . If we met in the garden she would give me a swift glance to see if I were going to stop and speak to her , and , I thought , seemed pleased when I did . At last there came an odd little episode . Paul was very fond of animals — that was always one of his good traits — and he one day found a little stray white kitten somewhere about the place , and brought it into the room where I sat alone at work . He began grimly to play with it . Just then Janet opened the door . She gave a delighted exclamation , and , coming eagerly forward , smilingly held out her arms for the kitten . She was dressed for the evening , and the little thing began clawing about her lovely gown , and in one instant had pulled to shreds a very expensive bit of trimming . I started up in distress ; but Janet , putting the kitten gently back on the table , burst into laughter . I am very sure I had never heard Janet laugh before , and I do n't think Paul ever had . A prettier , happier , more silvery little peal could not be imagined ; but it was not so much that which struck home to my heart as the fact that if I had shut my eyes I could have thought my Janet stood in the room . The girl had her mother 's laugh . I returned hastily to my work , and did not dare to lift my head until Janet was gone — then I looked stealthily at Paul . The sun was just setting — the sky a rolling roseate glory from end to end . Paul — my Paul — my Paul , with the old beautiful light in his face , stood , with arms crossed , looking up into it . All at once something came into my throat which almost stifled me , so that I could not have sat where I was for any consideration whatever . I slipped quietly away and left him . From this day I loved the girl . Whether it was her carelessness about the dress — so like her mother — or the laugh — or what — I loved her now almost as much as I had loved her mother . It seemed to me that from this day , too , Paul became more like his old self : a very much toned-down and softened old self ; no longer so much the hard , cynical Paul of later years as the boyish Paul of old . Of course , no sooner had my feelings changed in this way than I became greatly interested in Janet 's lovers . I thought the cotton millionaire vulgar ; and the American railway king I could not make this or that of ; but the lord seemed a very nice , simple-mannered young man ; so that I hoped — for although I am a bit of a Radical , I lay claim to having some common-sense too — if it were to be one of these three , it would be he . But the calm indifference with which this slip of a girl treated three such lovers was truly appalling . I can n't think how they stood it : I should n't . I cannot remember exactly when it was that I made a discovery . Opposite to the library , of which I have already spoken , now a venerable old room , was my bed-room ; and there was no other room until you had gone along a passage and crossed a hall . It was my custom to go to bed very early , and I did so here at Duncan 's , long before the rest of the household . I suppose they thought I went fair off to sleep , too ; for this part of the house was always deserted after I had gone into my room . It was thus I made the discovery that every night , before retiring herself , Janet came to the library and stayed a few minutes ; and I could hear her sometimes moving about books on the table . For a considerable time I felt hopelessly puzzled . All at once it struck me — girls are the same all over the world and in all ages — that she must come there to look at the photograph of someone she cared for ; to say good-night to it ; perhaps to murmur a prayer over it . Girls are made so . Doubtless she would take it away with her altogether to some place more convenient for such oblations but that Duncan was much in the library , and had lynx-eyes . I grew troubled , these nocturnal visits continuing , and wished that I could help her . I thought if I could only find out whose the photograph was , perhaps I might . One night I could bear it no longer . I am aware that I must seem a most prying old woman ; but somehow or other this library was fated to be mixed up with my life . I rose and just peeped round the library door to see what she was doing . She was standing in the clear moonlight — not , as I had expected , with an open photograph album , but holding a little miniature , taken from its place on the table . I went back to bed , my heart bounding . I knew now ! I did not sleep much that night . Perhaps I acted rashly — but I thought I should apply to Paul for help . I was sure , from various signs , that he did not hate my Janet 's bairn now . I told him of these stolen visits to the library , and tried to persuade him to conceal himself and watch there — for the purpose of finding out whose the portrait was . I did not tell him , deceitful woman that I was , that I myself already knew . Old people like him and me , I said , should help the child out of her trouble . I must have startled him terribly : he grew , at first , so white . Then he looked at me long and intently ; and by-and-by began to cross-examine me . We were canny Scots , both of us , and fenced . “ You say it was a photograph you saw her with ? ” “ I did not say I saw her . ” “ You have heard her open an album ? ” “ I have heard her move books . ” I have seen the time when I could have broken a lance with the best ; but I was growing old , and he finished by getting me into rather a hobble — when he abruptly left me , a great flush sweeping over his face . He came back by-and-by , and took me out into the garden . If he never had been the real old Paul before — he was so now . He cut the pansies from my best cap , and decorated Duncan 's coat-of-arms — which had broken out about the walls now-a-days — with them . But he might have cut the cap in two for all I cared just then . That night — I hoped he had not forgotten — I hoped he would come . Presently I heard a quiet step which I knew to be his . Then I sat down and listened again . Swish , swish — here she was at last . I had listened too often to the soft rustle of her trailing gown to make any mistake now . In my excitement — you see I was an old habitu é at prying and peering about the library by this time — I put one eye round the door , at her very back . She had gone a few steps into the room — and now stood , rooted to the spot , startled . There , with his face — and all that he would have it say — fair and bright in the moonlight , stood Paul . He opened his arms . “ Janet , ” he said . With a little cry , and a sob , the girl rushed into them . I went away back to my own room . I am sure it is superfluous to explain my little plot : that it was not a photograph , but an old miniature of Paul I had seen Janet with — an old miniature which I had painted on ivory myself in the far-distant days . I am sure Paul never had a photograph taken . Of course it was because I had recognised this that I wanted Paul to wait in the library ; but he was a better fencer than I , and made me admit more than I intended . I sat down now , a world of old memories whirling through my brain . I mixed this that I had just seen — with something very like it in the long , long past — with the crash of pots , and another figure that had thrown itself into Paul 's arms . There was the old room : Janet had been said there , too ; and the lips through which the word had trembled were the same : and the voice was the same also . Only the figure that had darted forward — was different . I did not go to bed at all that night ; but sat looking out over the quiet , moon-lit garden and over the fields beyond , where the corn-crake was calling , calling ; the river slipping like a silver thread at the far-away end of them ; and patter , patter out and into the back-garden at Glasgow went the little feet again ; and to and fro ran the fair-haired little lassie in the dirty pink cotton , tugging me this way and that by the hand ; and such a singing and swinging went on about the stairs . Oh , how I wondered whether Paul would ever tell Janet her mother 's story . I was not going placidly away north this time , to wait to hear more about anything by-and-by . I did not leave that factory-like erection of Duncan 's until I had seen them married . THE CHURCH GARDEN . “ We cannot , ” said the people , “ stand these children , Always round us with their racketing and play ; Yon Church-garden set right down among our houses Is really quite a nuisance in its way ! “ True , their homes are very dull , and bare , and dismal , And the narrow courts they live in dark and small , And we think they love that sparsely-planted acre — But we do not want to think of them at all ! “ There are surely parks enough to make a play-ground , And we might be spared these noisy little feet ; But the parks , the Clergy say , are all too distant , And so they planned this garden in the street ! “ No doubt the seats are pleasanter than curb-stones , While the trees make quite a shelter from the sun , And the grass does nicely for the crawling babies — But somebody must think of Number One ! “ And the air the children get of course is purer ; But then the noise they make is very great , With their laughter and their shouting to each other , And the everlasting banging of the gate ! “ And the wailing of the sickly , puny babies Is enough to fret one 's spirit through and through — No doubt they cry as much in those dark alleys — But then we never hear them if they do ! “ Half the Parish talks to us of self-denial , Of kindly duties lying at the door , And of One who says the Poor are always with us ; But we can n't be always thinking of the Poor ! “ We are older , we are richer , we are wiser ; Why should we be vexed and troubled in our ease ? Just because the children like the Vicar 's garden , With its faded grass and smoky London trees ! “ Still we feel sometimes a little self-convicted , When we hear the hard-worked kindly Clergy say That it helps them often in their weary labours , Just to see the children happy at their play ! “ Yet we think they try to make the thing too solemn , When they put aside our protests with the plea : ‘ Whatsoe'er ye did to such as these , my brethren , To the least — ye did it even unto Me . ’ ” Thus the people murmured , but the children 's Angels Smiled rejoicing , and a richer blessing falls On the Church that made a shelter for the children Underneath the holy shadow of her walls . CHRISTIAN BURKE .