The American Missionary January , 1884 . VOL . XXXVIII . NO . 1 .] CONTENTS PAGE . EDITORIAL : ANOTHER YEAR — THIS NUMBER 1 PAMPHLET — AMERICAN MISSIONARY — JOINT COMMITTEE 2 ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS A DAY 3 PARAGRAPHS 4 WANTED — BENEFACTIONS — GENERAL NOTES 5 TRAVELING IN AFRICA ( CUT ) 6 CHINESE WOMEN ( CUT ) 8 BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK : THE INDIAN WOMAN , BY MRS. A. L. RIGGS 9 THE CHINESE , BY MRS. W. C. POND 11 MOUNTAIN WHITE WORK IN KENTUCKY , BY MRS. A . A. MYERS 12 COLORED PEOPLE OF THE SOUTH , BY MISS IDA M. BEACH 16 REPORT OF THE SECRETARY 19 FORM OF CONSTITUTION — THE BUREAU IN THE WEST 21 CHILDREN 'S PAGE : CHRISTMAS GIVING AT MYSTIC , CONN. 23 CHILDREN BEARING CHRISTMAS GIFTS ( CUT ) 24 RECEIPTS 26 CONSTITUTION 30 NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . Rooms , 56 Reade Street . Price 50 Cents a Year , in Advance . Entered at the Post-Office at New York , N. Y ., as second-class matter . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . PRESIDENT . Hon . WM . B. WASHBURN , LL. D ., Mass . VICE-PRESIDENTS . REV . C. L. GOODELL , D. D . ; REV . F. A. NOBLE , D. D . ; REV . A. J. F. BEHRENDS , D. D . ; REV . J. E. RANKIN , D. D . ; REV . ALEX . MCKENZIE , D. D . CORRESPONDING SECRETARY .— REV . M. E. STRIEBY , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . TREASURER .— H . W. HUBBARD , Esq ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . AUDITORS .— WM . A. NASH , W. H. ROGERS . EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE . JOHN H. WASHBURN , Chairman ; A. P. FOSTER , Secretary ; LYMAN ABBOTT , A. S. BARNES , J. R. DANFORTH , CLINTON B. FISK , S. B. HALLIDAY , EDWARD HAWKS , SAMUEL HOLMES , CHARLES A . HULL , SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , S. H. VIRGIN , WM . H. WARD , J. L. WITHROW . DISTRICT SECRETARIES . Rev . C. L. WOODWORTH , D. D ., Boston . Rev . G. D. PIKE , D. D ., New York . Rev . JAMES POWELL , Chicago . COMMUNICATIONS relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretary ; those relating to the collecting fields , to the District Secretaries ; letters for the Editor of the “ American Missionary , ” to Rev . G. D. Pike , D. D ., at the New York Office ; letters for the Bureau of Woman 's Work , to Miss D. E. Emerson , at the New York Office . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS may be sent to H. W. Hubbard , Treasurer , 56 Reade Street , New York , or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., or 112 West Washington Street , Chicago , Ill. A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a Life Member . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I BEQUEATH to my executor ( or executors ) the sum of —— dollars , in trust , to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person who , when the same is payable , shall act as Treasurer of the ‘ American Missionary Association ’ of New York City , to be applied , under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association , to its charitable uses and purposes . ” The Will should be attested by three witnesses . COUNT RUMFORD . HORSFORD 'S ACID PHOSPHATE . ( LIQUID .) FOR DYSPEPSIA , MENTAL AND PHYSICAL EXHAUSTION , NERVOUSNESS , DIMINISHED VITALITY , URINARY DIFFICULTIES , ETC . PREPARED ACCORDING TO THE DIRECTION OF Prof. E. N. Horsford , of Cambridge , Mass . There seems to be no difference of opinion in high medical authority of the value of phosphoric acid , and no preparation has ever been offered to the public which seems to so happily meet the general want as this . It is not nauseous , but agreeable to the taste . No danger can attend its use . Its action will harmonize with such stimulants as are necessary to take . It makes a delicious drink with water and sugar only . Prices reasonable . Pamphlet giving further particulars mailed free on application . MANUFACTURED BY THE RUMFORD CHEMICAL WORKS , Providence , R. I ., AND FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS . MANHATTAN LIFE INS . CO. OF NEW YORK , 156 and 158 Broadway . THIRTY-THIRD YEAR . DESCRIPTION — One of the oldest , strongest , best . POLICIES — Incontestable , non-forfeitable , definite cash surrender values . RATES — Safe , low , and participating or not , as desired . RISKS carefully selected . PROMPT , liberal dealing . GENERAL AGENTS AND CANVASSERS WANTED in desirable territory , to whom permanent employment and liberal compensation will be given . Address H. STOKES , President . H. Y. WEMPLE , Sec'y . S. N. STEBBINS , Act'y . J. L. HALSEY , 1st V. - P. H. B. STOKES , 2d V. - P . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . VOL . XXXVIII . JANUARY , 1884 . NO . 1 . American Missionary Association . Another year . Are we ready for it , ready to work and to win ? The harvest is still plenteous and every increase of store is precious . Who can measure such privilege ? And what of opportunities ? The swift-winged events of our civilization are continually hurrying us into the midst of them . It is a day of speedy rewards . Christ comes quickly in these times . The business of the Church is helped as absolutely as secular business by the development and use of material agencies for advancement . What is wanted is the good seed of the word . It is that — the light which shines forth from that — which gives life and growth and masterly power . We want faith in the promises . It shall be said , “ The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and His Christ . ” The truth of it is not to be doubted or eclipsed . We want power from on high , and that is neither distant nor subject to unseasonable delay . What the year shall be is for us , under God , to determine . Let us labor and pray that the word of promise — the divine imbuement — may make rich and fruitful , and place the great religious interests of our land on the foundation of God which standeth sure . We devote considerable space in this number of the Missionary to the papers and reports presented at the Woman 's Meeting held in connection with our Annual Meeting in Brooklyn . The topics considered related to the wide range of work conducted by this Association . They were treated by persons having much experience in our mission fields , and will be welcomed not only as interesting reading , but as furnishing authoritative data for the encouragement of the friends of our work . The constitution proposed at the meeting , for Women 's co-operative societies is given , and is commended to the attention of those ladies who desire to aid mission work in our own country . The valuable Paper on “ Woman 's Work in Modern Charity and Missions , ” read by Rev . A. H. Bradford at our Annual Meeting , not published elsewhere , has been put in pamphlet form , with a view to general distribution . We will be pleased to furnish copies gratuitously , in such numbers as may be desired , to those wishing it for the promotion of woman 's work . We are happy to report that the practice of paying for subscriptions for the American Missionary is becoming more general year by year . This is as it should be . We try to make the Missionary worth the price , which is fifty cents annually . We believe the information it contains is of value to all , and that most of it cannot be found elsewhere . Will not our friends kindly aid us in its circulation , remitting to our treasurer at once what may be gathered for that purpose ? JOINT COMMITTEE . The Joint Committee appointed by the American Home Missionary Society and the American Missionary Association for the consideration of the relation between the two societies , met by adjournment at Springfield , Mass ., Dec. 11 . The committee on the part of the A. H. M. S. consisted of Rev . J. E. Twitchell , D. D ., Rev . Lyman Abbott , D. D ., Rev . Geo . L. Walker , D. D ., Rev . C. L. Goodell , D. D ., and A. S. Barnes , Esq . The Committee on the part of the A. M. A. consisted of Rev . J. L. Withrow , D. D ., Rev . Washington Gladden , D. D ., Rev . D. O. Mears , D. D ., Prest . S. C. Bartlett , and Rev . W. H. Ward , D. D . All were present except Dr. Goodell , and his place was filled by Mr. S. B. Capen . A letter from Dr. Goodell was read . Dr. Barrows , representing the Home Missionary Society , and Dr. Strieby , representing the American Missionary Association , were also present by invitation . It was manifest that the members of the Committee were equally friends of both societies and sought only their greatest efficiency . No partisan feeling found utterance . The members of the Committee are men of independent views and judgment , and examined the subject before them from different standpoints , and yet reached in the paper presented below a remarkable degree of unanimity — every item receiving a unanimous vote . The result will command and deserves the attention of the churches . The following is THE ACTION OF THE COMMITTEE . Consulting the principle of comity between the two societies — the A. H. M. S. and the A. M . A .— and that traditional policy of Congregationalists which ignores caste and color lines , and also in view of the present relative position and strength of the two societies , we , the Joint Committee , give as our judgment : 1 . That , as heretofore , the principal work of the American Home Missionary Society should be in the West , and the principal work of the American Missionary Association should be in the South . 2 . Whatever new work may be called for in any locality should be under the charge of the society already occupying the ground . No exception to this rule should be allowed unless it be by agreement between the two societies . 3 . Concerning work already established by either society , we would recommend that if either comity , economy or efficiency will be advanced by it , such a transfer of the work should be made as shall bring the work of the societies into harmony with the preceding recommendations . 4 . We would recommend to the two societies to consider the practicability of using a common superintendent in those portions of the field where an economical and efficient administration will be secured by it . ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS A DAY . What can be done with it ? We can sustain efficiently our current work of educating teachers and preachers and the planting of churches . In the progress of development , more requires more . If the Association did not need increased receipts it would be evidence of lack of growth . There is no such lack . New demands are springing up at every point , and it is wise economy to meet these demands . They are simply the healthy development of legitimate missionary work . Just now there is urgent demand for the increase of facilities for promoting industrial education . The South is arising into a new life . New fields of labor are rapidly opening . Skilled workmen are wanted . The possibilities of agricultural prosperity are becoming better understood . The aspiring youth of both sexes are comprehending their opportunities , and the industrial departments in connection with our institutions are patronized as never before . We ought to make the most of them now . We need more means for supplying the minds of those hungering for knowledge with good reading . The colored people have few , if any , books or periodicals . We ought to have the means at once for furnishing fifty libraries and reading-rooms at as many different points . Such help to those willing to help themselves to some extent should be provided . The students leaving our schools to go forth as teachers may be numbered by thousands . These explore the dark places of the land . They open schools in such buildings as can be found , or , finding none , teach out of doors . We need means to aid many such with supplemental support , making it possible for them to continue their schools longer than the few months provided for by the limited State appropriations . Thousands of dollars could be used wisely in this way . The opportunity now for temperance work is more promising than ever . A temperance wave has been sweeping some portions of the South . Our students are thoroughly indoctrinated in the principles of total abstinence . They make the best advocates of the cause that can be had for many localities . It is a crucial period . The time to do this work is now — now , while the great questions at issue are being agitated and settled . We ought to have means for extending our efforts to the utmost in this direction . Of more importance still is evangelistic work , supplemental to the labors of our pastors . This is coming into more than usual prominence . Our students have had thorough training for it , and no little experience in it during their course of study . A score of them in every Southern State could be set to work with profit , if we had the money for such outlay . Nothing could do more for immediate results in developing a pure Christianity among the untaught and unsaved poor of the South . We might also , with a thousand dollars a day , do more than we have ever done to foster the growth of right and permanent institutions in all our fields of labor . This is the great and urgent necessity . Out of Christian churches and schools will flow all the benefits demanded by a Christian civilization . For this especially we emphasize our appeal . To what better use can the Christians and patriots of our country devote a thousand dollars a day ? A friend , noting the annual average addition of churches as five or six , raised the question whether the time had not come for doubling that rate . The Association is glad to recognize this worthy aspiration and itself to avow the spirit of it , and still further to remind the friends that the disposition of leaders on the field to magnify the work of each year is also in the same line . Nevertheless , we find that those who become in some sense responsible for the nurture and support of these ecclesiastical children born to us become conservative instead of becoming rash , as is sometimes averred . Yet we are able to give assurance that the Field Superintendent and his associates , with their eyes upon the whole field , watching the germs and their unfolding , are only anxious to set out these plants of the Lord 's house as fast as is at all consistent . We also see , in no far-away future , a large church work for us as the fruitage of our school work . A prize of $ 75 is given annually to the best male Greek scholar in the High School at Newport , R. I . The best examination this year was by the daughter of George Rice , the colored steward of the steamer Pilgrim . As she was not eligible to the award a gentleman from New York sent her $ 75 in gold . WANTED ! — We greatly need a new school building , for the lower grades at Tougaloo University , a two-story building with school rooms below and a chapel above . Who will give $ 3 , 000 for —— Hall at Tougaloo ? — We need also a steam engine for the Industrial Department at Tougaloo , a portable engine of ten or twelve horse-power . Who will give it , or the money needful ? — We need twenty or more sets of carpenters ’ tools for schools of carpentry at Talladega and elsewhere . Who will give one or more sets ? — We need illustrated books and magazines for our Reading Rooms . Who will give us subscriptions to Wide Awake , St. Nicholas , etc ., or money to buy such books as will help to create the reading habit ? BENEFACTIONS . Rutgers College has received $ 1 , 000 toward an endowment fund from Mr. R. H. Ballentine , Newark , N. J . Mayor Low , of Brooklyn , has given the city of Salem , Mass ., $ 7 , 500 , the income of which is to be applied in aid of needy students in college . Illinois College has recently received a gift of $ 1 , 000 from Mr. E. W. Blatchford , of Chicago , who was a member of the class of ‘ 65 . Mr. George W. Dixon , of Bethlehem , Pa ., has given $ 20 , 000 to Linden Hall Female Seminary , to build a Gothic chapel in memory of his daughter . Mr. Roland Mather , of Hartford , Conn ., has given $ 10 , 000 to Olivet College , Mich . Joseph Dean , of Minneapolis , has placed in the hands of the trustees of Hamlin University $ 25 , 000 to increase the endowment of that institution . Mrs. Robert L. Stuart has given $ 150 , 000 to Princeton College to endow the department of philosophy and pay the salaries of professors in logic , ethics and psychology . Among the wants specified in the report of the Executive Committee of the A. M. A. for the coming year was $ 10 , 000 for a new hall for the Edward Smith College , at Little Rock , Ark . It is proposed that the donor of the amount name the hall at his discretion . GENERAL NOTES . AFRICA . — Among the Belgians no less than six commercial societies have been constituted to explore the Congo . — The Livingstone Inland Mission has founded a new station at Ngoma 's Town , one hundred kilometers up the river from Stanley Pool . — The merchants of Lisbon have constituted a company for the navigation of the Quanza . They have constructed to this effect in England a steamer , the Serpa Pinto , which was to be delivered in September . — The Scotch Presbyterian Church have decided to furnish a steamer for the use of the Old Calabar Mission . The young people throughout the church have been requested to take up the matter and secure the money by the time the steamer is ready . — According to a dispatch from Sierra Leone the Queen of Massah , with the consent of the native chiefs , has authorized the annexation of the neighboring territory of Sherbro to the English possession , which will thus extend without interruption from Sierra Leone to Liberia . TRAVELING IN AFRICA . — The fever of speculation reigns at Axim and in the districts of the Golden Coast . From the climate and the conditions of exploration , the working of the mines proceeds slowly . Commander Cameron , director of the West African Goldfields Company , has introduced upon his grant the hydraulic processes employed in California . — The Journal of Geneva announces that the International African Association is occupied at present in seeking colonists who will receive gratuitously land in the countries of the Congo , of which Stanley has taken possession . It is negotiating to attract the Germans , and already the Prussian journals speak of the creation of a German Consulate . — Flegel has offered to the African German Society to make a new exploration in a region entirely unknown , which extends to the Congo ; or , if they choose , to return toward the west to Mount Cameroon . The Government of the German Empire has granted a sum of 50 , 000 francs for this exploration . On the other hand , some private individuals of Lagos , where Flegel has resided since his last voyage , have furnished him funds with which to conduct an exploration to the basin of the Niger and to B é nou é, in the advancement of science and commerce . — Mr. Petersen and Dr. Sims have founded at Stanley Pool a new station for the Livingstone Inland Mission . Dr. Sims very quickly commenced to heal the sick , which gained him the confidence of the natives . These latter do not labor hard enough to produce from their land the provisions necessary for the number of Europeans established at Stanley Pool , and the price of provisions has greatly increased . The steamer , Henry Reed , destined for the Upper Congo was to start out the first of August . THE INDIANS . — Of the 6 , 000 Pi-Utes it is said that there are never more than 600 on their reservation at one time . Not more than fifty attend the agency school . — The National Indian Association , an organization composed exclusively of ladies , has for its object to obtain for the Indians the rights of citizens , and to induce the Government to allow them to own farms . — The General Council of the Choctaw Nation , recently closed , appropriated $ 100 , 000 for the erection of a new council house , the old one to be used as a manual-labor school for the education and training in industrial pursuits of fifty orphan boys . — The ceremony of receiving Sitting-Bull into the Catholic Church at Fort Yates has been indefinitely postponed because Sitting-Bull cannot make up his mind which of his two wives he will let go . Bishop Marty has had him under his care for several months , and his instructions were being rapidly absorbed by the Chief ; but separation from his wives proved too much , and he will probably return to heathenism . THE CHINESE . — The missionaries in China , to the number of 231 , have presented another petition to the House of Commons against the infamous opium traffic . — There is a Chinaman at work in Tahiti , in the South Sea Islands , who is said to be a whole Bible society in himself , expending twenty dollars a month out of a salary of twenty-five dollars , for Bibles to distribute among his countrymen there . — The largest bell in the world is in Kiota , Japan . It is 24 feet high and 16 inches thick at the rim . It is sounded by a suspended piece of wood , like a battering ram , which strikes it on the outside , and its booming can be heard for miles . Nobody knows when or by whom it was cast , and though its surface is covered with characters , no scholar has yet been able to translate them . — The Foreign Missionary says the great secret of success in teaching the Chinese in America lies in the direct personal influence of the teacher over the pupil . Generally each pupil is provided with a teacher , and the chances of spiritual benefit are in direct proportion to the cordial sympathy and manifest kindness evinced . The first important revelation that dawns upon the Chinaman is that there are those in this land who are not hoodlums , and that brutality is not the universal law in America ; that Christianity is higher and purer than the enactments of Congress , and that Christ is the friend of all men , and has died for Chinamen as well as “ Melicans . ” CHINESE WOMEN . BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . MISS D. E. EMERSON , SECRETARY . PAPERS READ AT THE WOMAN 'S MEETING IN BROOKLYN . THE INDIAN WOMAN . BY MRS. A. L. RIGGS . To describe an Indian woman is no easy task for one who lives among them , for every peculiarity becomes so familiar , and so interwoven with our common everyday experience , that we forget how strange and unlike white women she appeared to us at first . But she is a woman , even though she wears her shawl over her head and carries her baby on her back . How uninteresting , you must think , and she probably thinks the same of you . She does not know that you care for her . She feels that she is different in some way , and most likely if you smile upon her she will not know it , for she is too modest even to look at you ; but speak to her in a pleasant tone and offer to shake hands with her and notice her baby , and she begins to think that you are a woman . In her no trace of dignity nor Pocahontas beauty are discernible , but she is untidy in person and attire , her movements are decidedly lackadaisical . An uninteresting object , indeed , to one who does not care to help her . But we believe that she has a woman 's heart ; and more than that — she has a soul . Her aspirations for herself are limited , but she wants her child to grow up in the white people 's way . Yet how small her conception of how this is to be accomplished ! She is a heathen — hemmed in on every side by fear and superstition . Her gods are gods of fear . She believes in witchcraft , is afraid of a world full of evil spirits . Under a pagan religion her place is next to the mere animals . She goes with her husband to the hunt , not as a companion , but as the drudge , the human pack-horse ; she prepares the food , and her husband devours it regardless of her needs ; he may boast of his “ old woman ” as being “ nina mimi heca ” ( swift or good to work ) for that is the only accomplishment required in his selfish , egotistical mind . “ The Indian woman comes into the world under a species of protest — every Indian parent desiring to have boys , rather than girls , hence she grows up into a condition of servitude . ” “ In the Indian nation to purchase a wife is the honorable way , all other ways are dishonorable , and the man having bought his wife , although the custom of the country does not allow him to dispose of her to another , yet he may put her away , or leave her , at his pleasure . He may also whip her and beat her , for she is his money . ” I never shall forget one poor woman who came to me soon after we went to the Indian country . She showed me her back covered with the marks where her husband had beaten her . Now I have given you a brief description of the Indian woman as we find her . What can be done for her ? What would you do for her ? There is only one thing . Help her to become a Christian . This is not to be accomplished in a hurry , for she is in bondage to her husband — to her religion . But faith and prayer , together with a genuine interest in the Indian home , can accomplish much . Desolate and comfortless though that home may be , it can be transformed , and the husband even can be made to see that there is something more real , something that is more satisfying , something that is more comforting than this life of fear and bondage to his heathen gods . “ The man has more to give up than the woman if he becomes a Christian . If a woman changes her gods and her religion , no one cares very much ; it is ‘ only a woman . ’ But a man must abandon his ancestral faith , which binds him more strongly than the woman , for the very reason that he is a man , and has been inducted into manhood through the ceremonies of his religion . ” He can be led to see that his wife is worth more to him than his horse or his dog ; and he begins to see that he can do some of the work which she has been obliged to do , and thus she is enabled to make home more attractive . With the dawn of Christianity comes the first effort toward civilized ways . The husband now brings the wood and water , and little by little a few household conveniences appear , such as chairs , a table , a few dishes ; also knives and forks are used instead of fingers ; even lambrequins are sometimes seen — hung , however , in the most absurd way , outside the shades — and we are astonished to see in some of the houses white counterpanes and ruffled pillow-shams . Also a U. S. T. D. blanket is often spread down for a carpet , and the rude , rough walls are covered with pictures cut from illustrated newspapers . We find them ready and anxious to be taught many simple and needful domestic arts , such as making light bread and preparing wholesome dishes of food for the sick . The teaching of making light bread became quite an important part of my duties as a missionary 's wife , and for the Indian women to take lessons in bread-making became quite fashionable . Then she shows a desire to dress like white women , and instead of the broadcloth skirt tied around her waist with a string and the short calico sack , and moccasins upon her feet , she appears with a kilt plaiting around her dress skirt , and , what probably in her mind is an improvement upon white woman 's taste , the plaiting is headed with two or three rows of bright worsted skirt braid . As she admires the thin and lightly covered head of the white baby , she closely clips her own baby 's hair so as to have it as nearly like a white baby as possible . But all this is the mere outside of life — one benefit which Christianity brings to her personally . She begins to show that she has become a missionary at heart and that she has a desire to send this great blessing which has wrought such a change in her home into other homes ; and as others like herself , near at hand , have been treasuring up the blessed words of the Lord Jesus , “ Go ye and preach my gospel , ” they begin to think that they can do something to send the good tidings to those who are in the darkness which so recently surrounded themselves . Now , in the Dakota mission , we have thirteen churches , and in every one a woman 's missionary society , and the money raised is used to support native missionaries — that is , Christian Indians are sent out among the heathen Indians as missionaries , and are supported by Indian societies . The Indian woman 's society is conducted very much like any sewing society among white women . Some woman is appointed to lead the devotional exercises , and we have our officers appointed annually . They make children 's clothing after the white woman 's fashion , and many useful articles similar to those usually made in sewing societies . Those women who are able make articles after their own styles , such as moccasins , pretty bags handsomely ornamented with porcupine , bead or ribbon work . These articles are gifts to the society , and we have no difficulty in disposing of them to those who wish specimens of Indian woman 's skill in fancy work , or who may wish to help this native missionary work which is being so nobly carried on . Some of these women are really wonderful in their zeal and faithfulness , walking six , seven , or eight miles to the meeting every week . I could tell you many things about these faithful Christian Indian women , but do you wish any better proof of the hold Christianity has upon Indians ? As I said before , an Indian woman 's aspirations for herself are limited , but she wants her child to grow up in the white people 's way . Now , if we are to elevate the Indian nation , let us plant in the homes the desire for the Gospel , and as we do it gather the children as fast as they are old enough to leave their mother 's care into Christian training schools . Now out in the Indian country we are all the time carrying on missionary work in the homes , planting schools , organizing churches , and sending out native missionaries . We have at Santee Agency , Neb ., a large school of advanced grade , well established for the education of children and youth . So well known is this school among Christian Indians that our accommodations have become very limited , and last year we were obliged to refuse many who wished to come . I think you cannot know how hard it is for us to say , We cannot take you . The great Dakota nation is ready to receive the Christian religion . We have the Bible in the Dakota language — a monument grand and beautiful to one who has just gone to his reward . Years of patient , quiet toil were spent in translating the precious words from the Greek and the Hebrew into the language of over fifty thousand savages . Then what hinders the work ? We have hymns in the Dakota tongue . Who will go and sing these precious words to those who never heard them ? There are those who are ready to go , but where is the money to send them ? If you cannot go , what hinders you from sending some one ? To be sure , this is a work of difficulty , for how can we expect a few years of training to so revolutionize a savage 's live that he can withstand the heathenism which still permeates his native home ? But we have those whom we can trust , and who are filling places of responsibility and usefulness . Besides those who have gone out as missionaries and teachers , we have in our school at Santee native teachers , and our own children are taught by them . One of our pupils is assistant matron in the Dakota Home . One who has been under our care is in the little city of Pierre , D. T ., giving music lessons to white pupils . I give only a few instances , to show that we are beginning to see the results of our work . Then give the free Gospel of the love of Christ to this great heathen nation right here so near us . Here is the Bible , here are the hymns ; who will provide the means to scatter them , and who will go to carry them ? We are preparing those who will go with you as assistants and interpreters . We hear of those who wish to get rid of the Indians ; the surest way to do it is to educate them and Christianize them . THE CHINESE . EXTRACT FROM ADDRESS OF MRS. W. C. POND . I will not waste time upon an introduction . I will only say that I am glad to be among you ; glad that you are interested in the Chinese work , with which we have been connected so many years in California . We feel that we are greatly privileged in having these dark souls within our reach . We can obey our Saviour 's last command , “ Disciple all nations , ” without having to go far from our homes and native land . They are with us and we have but to open our hearts and our churches to them and they will come in . They are coming in ; not in large numbers but one by one . In the church of which my husband has been the pastor for nearly ten years there are over seventy Chinese members — about one-third of our whole membership . Many inquire how Chinese converts are tested . They join the Christian Association on probation and after a test of six or eight months are recommended to the church . Then they come before a committee of the church and are examined , and after studying the articles of faith , in their own language , for several weeks they are propounded for church membership , and if they prove satisfactory are baptized and come into full fellowship with the church . They are not hurried into the church and are themselves timid and prefer to wait . We have no work among the Chinese women that we can call our own . Both Presbyterians and Methodists have such a work in San Francisco , and it divides into very little sections what can be at best but a small work , because there are only three or four hundred Chinese women in San Francisco , and not a tenth of these accessible . But if means would allow we would be glad to attempt a work among the women at Sacramento , where nothing is done for them . With our very limited resources we can save more by working among the thousands of men and boys . But we have much work by women of whom I would like to make mention . Patient and heroic , prayerful and soul-saving have been their efforts among the Chinese . I would like to tell you of one who has recently gone to her reward . Before leaving my home two months ago I called upon her and found her strength failing . But she was hopeful respecting her recovery , and the strongest incentive she had to get well was that she might have more opportunities to tell the story of Jesus to her boys , as she called those in the Chinese school . And when death came to her , six Chinese acted as pall-bearers at her funeral , at her own request . The church was more than half filled with Chinese , and the scene was touching in the extreme , as one by one they went to look upon her face for the last time . You are all , doubtless , more or less familiar with the American Missionary , and read from time to time Mr. Pond 's reports found therein . I will give a few statistics quoted from my husband 's report , read recently before the General Association of California , convened in Santa Cruz . They are as follows : Nineteen schools , as against 15 the last year ; total enrollment of scholars , 2 , 823 , as against 2 , 567 the former year ; 40 teachers , of whom 14 were Chinese , as against 31 teachers the previous year , of whom 11 were Chinese ; number of those who have professed to cease from idolatry , 175 , as against 156 the year before ; number of those who have given evidence of conversion , 121 , as against 106 the former year , and the whole number of those who have turned to Christ during the history of the Mission , 400 , who are scattered over the United States and in China . We hear of many of them who are doing good work for the Master and for the salvation of their countrymen . Toward the expense of the Mission during the past year the Chinese themselves have contributed $ 730. 05 . I would like to have you remember the name of our church . It is “ Bethany . ” Remember us in your prayers , for God has laid a great work upon us . We started in much weakness , but God has been with us and blessed us . We have felt His presence in our Bethany as Martha and Mary of old did in theirs . We have heard the Master 's voice saying unto us frequently , “ Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these , My brethren , ye have done it unto Me . ” MOUNTAIN WHITE WORK IN KENTUCKY . BY MRS. A . A. MYERS . There is an unnoticed class of people dwelling almost in the very centre of the settled portion of the United States . “ Our brother in black ” has been held up to the view of two continents for the last fifty years . And what is America going to do with him and for him , has been a question which has interested the whole civilized world . This same question for a still longer time has been propounded in regard to the red man of the forest , and in later years concerning the Chinese . And right nobly has the Christian brotherhood evidenced its purpose to make men of these degraded classes . But until recently it has escaped the notice of these Christian workers that we have another class as needy perhaps as any . No spice of romance is connected with them . No barbarous tale of cruelty could be told to awaken sympathy in them . They are simply poor people , who during slavery were unable to obtain large plantations and so were driven by the arrogant Bluegrass slaveholder on the one side , and the greedy cotton-planter on the other , back into the mountains , where they are shut away from the rest of the world by mountain barriers , and still more hopelessly by the haughty caste spirit of the slave-holding monarchs , who disdain to have anything to do with them except to seek their votes . These people are not really poor . Most of them own farms of three or four hundred acres ; and the soil , if properly tilled , would be quite productive . Their plowing is done in the most primitive manner . A single horse attached to a little shovel plow simply tears the sod a little , enough so the weeds spring up luxuriantly , and the women and children must work hard in the hot sun to destroy them , while the lord of the home saddles his horse and rides to town , to sit on store boxes and tell low stories . This people , especially the male portion , seem to have a natural distaste for labor . They would be aristocratic if they could . In days of slavery they had their household servants , and tried to imitate the more wealthy slave-owners by living in idleness , and they still look upon labor as degrading . They make no effort to get themselves homes . The large majority live in log cabins , with no windows . The doors stand open winter and summer . The women in cool weather always sit with a little shawl around them and a sunbonnet on . There are generally two rooms to each house , usually with a chimney or open hall between them , so you have to go out of doors to pass from one to the other . In the kitchen ( which also serves as dining-room ) is a large fireplace and a cook stove , if they are the happy possessors of one . The other is the sitting and sleeping-room . You will often see three beds and one or two trundle-beds in a single room . Here the whole family and all the visitors sleep . We have sought to rest with thirteen of us in a room , perhaps 15 by 20 feet , and not a window in it and the doors shut . Fortunately the large-mouthed fireplace gave a pittance of ventilation . No carpets are used , and furniture is very limited . I believe nine-tenths of the people could put all their goods on a couple of loads and be ready to move at an hour 's notice . Families are large , numbering twelve , fifteen or even nineteen children . Girls marry young , and seem to be entirely satisfied with their condition . You seldom hear a desire expressed for anything they do n't possess . Give them a box of snuff and a stick to chew it with and you never hear a murmur escape their lips . Tobacco is indispensable . Old and young , male and female , are wedded to it . I have known of an old gentleman working all day for fifty cents and spending forty cents at night for tobacco for himself and wife and nine children . They seem to be without a standard in the land . They live so isolated , and have measured themselves by themselves until they have lost all idea of accurate judgment . Morality and sobriety are hardly looked for , even among church members and ministers . “ Religion may be up to fever heat , while morality is down to zero . ” People “ confess , ” as they call it , and join the church , and in their entire life thereafter you could never know any difference . They are satisfied if their names are on the church book . I do n't think they ever question their eternal salvation after they are once inside a church . If a person dies without having joined a church his friends frame some theory on which they rest their hope of his salvation . A young man was shot a little while ago in a drunken broil . As he fell mortally wounded he cried , “ Oh , Lord ! ” His mother is sure he is safe because he called on the Lord . They have no conception of living religion . They have no prayer or conference meetings . Aside from our own I doubt if there is a prayer meeting nearer than Berea , seventy miles away . There is no family prayer in all the land . I asked my class of boys , twenty or more in number , how many had ever heard their mothers ’ voice in prayer . Not one of them could raise a hand . At another school I asked a still larger class the same question , and only one girl raised her hand . There is no gathering of the little home nestlings together and instructing them — no Bible instruction given in the family . It has ceased to be a wonder to me , to ask nearly grown boys some of the most simple Bible questions , and hear them answer , “ I do n't know . ” An M. E. minister in one of his pastoral visits took occasion to dwell with some stress on the blessedness of walking in the light . The mother showed how she literalized by promptly remarking , “ Yes ; I 've told John I wanted a hole sawed in this end of the house , but he wo n't do it . ” During the same call he asked a young lady if she was preparing to go to judgment . She replied , “ No , I reckin I wo n't go . If I do I 'll have to walk , for we hai n't got but two nags , and Rachel and Becky always ride them . ” The prevailing churches are the Reform or Campbellites , the Methodists , and the Missionary and Anti-Missionary Baptists . The latter church is strong all through the mountains . They are bigoted and ignorant , and boast that their knowledge comes direct from the throne , and they have nothing to do with man-made theories , as they call education . Their preaching is a sort of canting reiteration of the text and what few Scripture verses they chance to know and some hackneyed expressions . They are great on arguing , and it would be laughable if it was not so pitiful to hear the profound questions they discuss . Last season one of these preachers nearly broke up one of our mission Sunday-Schools , which we could attend only each alternate Sabbath . In the passage that reads “ And anon they tell Him , ” he contended that A-non was an angel , and they referred to the angel A-non . Each Sunday when we were not there that important question had to be discussed . One of these same preachers took his children from school because they were taught the heresy in geography that the world is round . They do all they can to prejudice the people against our work . They call our religion railroad religion . They are great barriers in our way . Still we have been cheered this year to see that their hold on the young people is loosening , and we are getting their hearts in spite of the protests of their parents . One of our mission Sunday-Schools , which has averaged this season one hundred , is composed almost entirely of young people and children , seldom ever a parent there . The Smith American Organ Co. have honored God and themselves , and will ever be held by some hearts in grateful remembrance by their gift to that society of a new organ . I have some times thought , as I have heard the young voices ring out with such enthusiasm , that , though critics might smile at our endeavor , Heaven would not disdain our offering of praise . The dingy low walls , the glass-less windows , the tobacco besmeared floor , become transformed to a holy temple , where God deigned to make visible His presence , and it has been a sacred place . Our hope of this people centres largely in the young . If it were not for them , we could not feel it right to stay among them . Another barrier to be overcome is their habits of worship . They have meetings but once a month during the summer and none at all during the winter . When they have service it is more for a visit than worship . Their churches are rough log houses , and so small that the greater part of the congregation remain out of doors . Four or more ministers are always in attendance , and all must preach . The congregation expect a tiresome time , and from the first are restless . They go out and come in , and they keep a constant march to and from the water pail , which usually sits on the desk in front of the speaker . Several grown people at a time will be standing waiting on each other at the pail . The speaker seems to be used to such things , and not at all disconcerted . Nearly all their services are funeral services for those who may have been dead for years . They bury their dead the same day or the day following death . They have no religious service , except a prayer at the grave , if there chance to be a minister present . Generally about a year after death , but often from five to fifteen years after , they have the funeral sermon preached . In regard to healthfulness of our mountain home , we have felt somewhat disappointed . Up so high , with nice springs and spring streams , one would expect a healthy climate . On the contrary , almost every one is ailing . Coughs and colds are universal . It is no wonder the natives are unhealthy ; their habits of living would seem to prohibit health . They eat corn bread or hoe cake and bacon ; some have flour , but it is always made up into hot biscuit , shortened with lard . They have this , with little variation , three times a day , 365 days in a year . In summer , green beans cooked with bacon is added to the bill of fare . Of course the blood becomes impoverished , and almost every one has scrofula . Calomel and pills are the great panacea for all their bodily ills . Pills are brought on by the quart , and sold by the merchants like any other commodity . Cleanliness of the person is an unheard of luxury ; I doubt whether they ever bathe . Children come to the table with unwashed faces . They are put to bed with the same clothes they wear during the day . Then add to all this the fact that tobacco is used almost from the cradle , and whiskies and toddies from the time the poor child opens its eyes to this world , and it 's no great marvel that gray-haired men are exceedingly rare , and it 's the “ old man ” and the “ old woman ” when one has reached the age of twenty-five . Now comes the question , What are we doing for the people ? We have been with them nearly two years , and this has been our effort from the first , to get them to see that religion is a life rather than a sectarian belief . We have sought to impress upon them that joining a church is not Christianity . We have succeeded in getting a few to take part in our prayer meetings , and we have the assurance that all the people are awaking to the fact that God has some demands upon them . We have from the first kept up regular Thursday night prayer meetings ; have had good attendance , but often only Mr. Myers and myself to take part in them except as others read Scripture verses . On the Sabbath we have Sunday-school at 9 : 30 . Average attendance , 100 ; preaching at 11 . I hasten home , saddle my horse , and ride six miles to the next railroad station ( Pleasant View ) . Here I have met 100 or more young people . I have been surprised that in a land where a woman is n't expected to know anything , or be anything but a doll or a drudge that there has been so little prejudice against my school . Some , of course , have thought a woman entirely out of her sphere to undertake such work and have taken occasion to remark to my friends : “ Why , Mrs. Myers opens the school by prayer , just as Mr. Myers would . I do n't know but it 's all right , but it do n't seem just the proper thing for a woman to do . ” Mr. M. has a mission in South Williamsburg or the mills , where numbers of children are growing up in the midst of gambling and shooting . Prof. W. has , about the same hour , a school two miles out in another direction . At night we have services again in Williamsburg . At these services we have more than can get into the house , and many are obliged to leave for lack of accommodation . Tuesday nights we go to Pleasant View and help them learn the Gospel Songs . Each alternate Wednesday evening , church socials ; each alternate Friday afternoon , Band of Hope ; Saturday evening , choir drill ; Covenant Meeting once a month on Saturday afternoon . Mr. Myers has preached during the year beginning with Oct. ‘ 82 , one hundred and forty-two sermons . The services , together with the other public services just mentioned , have amounted to three hundred and forty . Have attended fifty or more meetings conducted by others . We spend all the remaining time our strength will permit in calling at the homes . We have a neat modern church nearly finished , and so far without foreign help . But no one knows what an effort has been required . Mr. Myers would announce a working bee to draw stone or any such work ; would try to enthuse the people as he has so often done in the North . But when the time would come he has worked all day alone . We have learned at last that this people do n't enthuse . We are hard at work in our high-school enterprise . We have Prof. and Mrs. W. and Miss G ., all from the North , with us . We hope to get a school , the good influence of which will never die out of these mountains . These are peculiar people . What I have said of them has reference to the general class of society . But there are some who seem of better stock , who are shrewd , keen , far-sighted people . You cannot find their superiors in native ability in any country . Though often lacking in culture and morality , they still hold a wide influence over the rest , so that something besides goodness is required in those who wish to come among them as helpers . There must be ability to adapt oneself to these widely diverse conditions . One needs wisdom and tact to get along with the shrewdest , and such a love for souls that he can come with a helping hand to the most degraded , nor be discouraged if , with a heart brimful of sympathy , he reaches the hand a long time only to see it rejected by those most in need . The work is a work of time . The majority of the people are unstable , thriftless improvident and ignorant . Slavery left its blight of impotency and profligacy upon them . They come and go as did their fathers a hundred years ago . Their tools and utensils are the same their great-grandparents used , and they are content with them . We never worked harder and saw less result in the conversion of sinners than while in Kentucky , and yet never felt more satisfied that we were where God wants us , and doing an important work . Unless these people have help they will prove a fretting leprosy in our nation . WORK AMONG THE COLORED PEOPLE OF THE SOUTH . BY MISS IDA M. BEACH . No small part of the work undertaken by the A. M. A. is that among the colored people of the South . Perhaps we may judge something of how vast this work is in itself , and how far-reaching in its results , if we consider for a few moments the numbers and condition of the colored people . Twenty years ago about 4 , 000 , 000 people were liberated from bondage , with all the evils resulting from the system of slavery resting upon them . There was great rejoicing among lovers of freedom when the Proclamation of Emancipation was issued . The slaves themselves , wild with joy , shouted , “ We 're free ! We 're free ! The year of jubilee has come ! ” Free ! yes , free ! but with the burdens of manhood and womanhood suddenly thrust upon them . Freedom brought the right and opportunity of establishing homes . Glorious privilege ! But do we not all know how much good judgment and wisdom and thought and planning it takes to maintain a true home ? Freedom gave them the right of keeping their little ones and seeing them grow to manhood and womanhood , but oh ! how much of patience and God-given power it requires to train the little feet to tread the right way ! Four million people , half civilized , uneducated , untrained , with the judgment and reason of children , hitherto knowing little of the ways of the outer world , suddenly brought into life 's conflicts ! What an amount of instruction they needed ! Right here the American Missionary Association stepped in and assumed the work of training these people . Christian men and women , filled with love for the Master , went down among these lowly ones . They carried the Gospel of Jesus Christ , established schools and churches , teaching in the open air , or in rude huts and deserted cabins . For twenty years this work has been carried on , and much good has been done in the name of the Lord . But to-day there are between six and seven million colored people in our Southland . The work of the A. M. A ., together with all done by other societies and by students going forth from the colleges as teachers , as yet scarcely begins to reach this great number . Their first need is to be Christianized , for this alone lifts them up and gives a desire for better things . It is the religion of Jesus Christ alone which has given to us our high estate . How much we owe to the training of Christian mothers ! Let us pity and stoop to lift up these ignorant ones . Send out those who can carry the glad tidings and point to the Lamb of God , who taketh away the sin of the world . Let us do all we can to teach them what the pure religion is . But we cannot stop here . We must teach them how to use it . “ Woman 's work for woman , ” surely , for this must be done in the homes . Freedom gave them the right to establish homes ! They did the best they knew how , many of them , but they needed teaching — they need it to-day . They must be taught thrift and industry , and cleanliness and order . They want someone to come to them and help them to transform their huts into homes . Could you see their rags , their ugly , misshapen garments , you would agree with me that the women and girls greatly need to be taught the use of the needle . Of course Christian schools need to be multiplied among them , where the rudiments of an English education shall be thoroughly given , where sewing and cooking , the care of the house and the care of the sick shall be carefully taught the girls , where the boys may learn the use of tools and all that pertains to good farming . Our stronghold is the children . We can never eradicate the evils existing among the older generation . Slavery left too much ignorance and superstition to ever be driven from the minds of those who lived under its sway . But we are responsible for the coming generations . The American Missionary Association aims to reach the young and meet their needs by the workers sent out . Perhaps our work in Savannah will be illustrative of that done in many other parts of the field . We have there established a church and school . There are now in school over 200 pupils . The majority of these remain long enough with us to obtain a good common-school education . We have also a normal grade , where methods of teaching are taught those who desire to fit themselves for teachers . Besides this we have fitted up a sewing-room , where the girls learn every part of sewing and repairing , cutting and basting . Many schools have shops for boys ; we look forward to the time when we may be able to have them , too . We are just establishing a reading-room . Those who have read Prof. Salisbury 's article in the November MISSIONARY understand how much this is needed . In our present circumstances we arrange it so that all pupils of higher grades have a daily reading hour , with teacher to direct . Then once in two weeks the older pupils meet for a social reading . In our devotional exercises and school prayer meetings we aim to assist them in a knowledge of true religion . Last year we observed the Week of Prayer , and in the daily meetings held for several weeks some found the way to Christ and Christian life . Our Church and Sunday-School work reaches many who are not connected with our school . We have a devoted missionary who spends her time in visiting the parents and children in their homes , ministering to the wants of the sick and needy , and holding Bible and Missionary meetings . This is a bare outline of our work . I presume many of you are saying . “ Have there been no results during these last twenty years ? ” Oh yes , we have a bright side to the picture . When we are tired and discouraged , and wonder if harvest time will never come , we go to some of the pleasant homes where great changes have been wrought . We point to a scholar and tell her past history , and then thank God that the seed sown found a lodging place and good soil . In the cities when the large schools are , and where there are fair public schools — where there is constant contact with civilized life , many of the colored people live well . Yet there may be a neat , cosy home just across the street , and a few doors beyond , a wretched hovel . In the country , when the “ Teachers ’ Home ” and little school house are built beside their log cabins , they catch a glimpse of better things than they have known . The modest house , freshly painted , with the neat , cosy rooms inside — very simple and plain to us — seems like a palace to them . They begin to want the same . The children go to school and come home with wonderful things to tell . Faces and hands become clean , the woolly heads are more carefully combed , rents are mended , the girls put on clean collars . The missionary shows the women how to fashion home-made lounges and stools , they are covered with some bright calico , the floor is scrubbed white , and they begin to live . The teacher says that they must work if they want to have homes , money begins to be saved , and before you know it little frame houses are going up beside the old cabin . A good horse or mule , with a bright shiny buggy , takes the place of the old steer and cart . Yes , indeed , much has been accomplished . But we had very few workers in the early days among four million people , although just as many as could be supported with the means furnished , and to-day , among nearly seven millions , we have but 336 workers . Millions sit in darkness right here in our own land . A mighty work is to be done , and the work in Africa must be done largely by these people , too . We need more money ; Christian men and women to go forth , and Christian men and women who are willing to send them . “ The harvest truly is plenteous , but the laborers are few . Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that he will send forth laborers into his harvest . ” “ He that reapeth receiveth wages , and gathereth fruit unto life eternal . ” REPORT OF THE SECRETARY . The information from the field , to which you have listened , explains to you the necessity for the organization of a Bureau of Woman 's Work . It was organized in April , 1883 , for the purpose , as was then stated : 1 . To give information to the ladies in the churches of the variety of work sustained by the Association and to assist in devising plans of help . 2 . To promote correspondence with churches , Sabbath-schools , missionary societies or individuals who will undertake work of a special character , such as the support of missionaries , aiding of students , supplying clothing , furnishing goods , and meeting other wants on mission ground . 3 . To send to the churches , conferences or associations desiring it , experienced and intelligent lady missionaries to address them , giving fuller details of our methods of work . It was believed that the growing interest on the part of the ladies of our churches , and their evident disposition to aid more effectively in the elevation of women , particularly the women of the South , called for such a department . Already the ladies of one State had organized the “ Woman 's Aid to the A. M. A ., ” that they might have their definite line of work in the support of lady missionaries , and inquiry had been made by many how best to assist in this work . It was recognized that in no other way could a general interest be awakened and maintained so well as by giving direct information from the field , and the twenty years ’ experience of the Association in the South , during which time more than 3 , 000 different ladies had been employed as missionaries and teachers , the knowledge gained of the peculiarities of the field and best methods of reaching the people , and the thorough organization of the different departments of labor in home , school , and church , prepared us to bring before the ladies the information necessary , and to offer most excellent opportunities for special work for women . The ready response to this movement confirms the wisdom of the step , and we trust that ere long the Bureau will open new avenues of usefulness to the ladies of the churches , and give enlargement and efficiency to the work in the field . Immediately following the organization of the Bureau , Miss Rose Kinney , of Oberlin , O ., for many years engaged in the Southern work , and recently located in one of the dark corners of the field , McIntosh , Ga ., was detailed for service in the North . She spent about six weeks in Ohio , Michigan , Illinois and Iowa , addressing ladies ’ meetings at the General Associations , and with good results . In June the Secretary of the Bureau was present at the State Conferences of Vermont and Maine , and gave information of the work in the field , resulting in the appointment of a State Committee of ladies in Vermont , to secure funds for the support of a missionary . Early in September Miss Anna M. Cahill , for nine years connected with Fisk University , Nashville , Tenn ., was detailed for special service , and has recently attended a series of meetings in Michigan and Illinois . It is our purpose thus to bring the work before the ladies whenever and wherever opportunity is given , through different teachers and missionaries whom we may be able to spare temporarily from the field . Within the year just closed , Sept. 30 , the Association has had special aid from ladies North in the support of seven missionaries , as follows : Ladies of Maine , support of Miss Lunt at Selma , Ala ., and Miss Farrington at Wilmington , N. C. $ 675. 00 Ladies of First and Second Cong . Churches , Oberlin , O ., support of Miss Stevenson at Atlanta , Ga. 387. 00 Ladies of Illinois , support of Miss Clark at Mobile , Ala. 214. 46 Ladies of Wisconsin , support of Miss Jillson at Montgomery , Ala. 254. 33 Ladies of Congregational Churches , Chelsea , Mass ., support of Mrs. Steele at Chattanooga , Tenn. 488. 81 Ladies of Iowa , support of Miss Gerrish at New Orleans , La . 406. 45 Total $ 2 , 426. 05 In this connection we would mention also that a lady missionary , Miss Clary , at Beaufort , S. C ., was sustained to the amount of $ 300 by the Sunday-school of the Central Congregational Church , Brooklyn . Supplies in the furnishing of Mission Homes and dormitories have been recently furnished , and there is very marked increase of aid in the furnishing of clothing , both new and second-hand , for the benefit of students who are struggling in the greatest poverty to obtain an education . While , therefore , but a few months have elapsed since the organization of the Bureau of Woman 's Work , its advantage is already manifest . Since the field of missionary operations in our own country is large and diversified , and three leading societies exist , each having its distinct and important work ,— viz . : The New West Education Commission , the American Home Missionary Society , and the American Missionary Association — no effort has been made by the American Missionary Association to organize local societies auxiliary to itself ; but that a society should exist in every church , able to co-operate directly with this Association in its great work for the Chinese , the Indians , the negroes and the needy whites of the South , seems apparent . To this end we urge upon the ladies , organization , as helpful to systematic giving , and to facilitate such movement we present a form of constitution for a co-operative society , that may be open to the call from all parts of our country . This we greatly prefer as avoiding complication and preserving fellowship and unity in the home work . Such is the pressure of claims upon us , however , through the needs of our field , that except as such opportunity is afforded for aid to the Am . Miss . Assoc ., we feel that we may be constrained to ask for organization auxiliary to the A. M. A. exclusively — for the women and children of 6 , 000 , 000 of colored people of the South alone presents a field for missionary work in the elevation of women , which we must not ignore , from the responsibility of which we cannot escape . We are just now entering upon a new year of work . Of the 175 ladies appointed to the various departments of missionary labor , twelve are engaged for special home visitation among the people . You can see at a glance that this number is insufficient for that line of duty . Although our teachers are missionaries , and accomplish much through the schools and various agencies set at work for the elevation of the people , yet we ought to have at least one experienced and efficient woman at every mission station , whose entire time should be given to special work in the homes of the people . Not only do we desire this , but the most urgent appeals are sent us from the field for help of this kind , not instead of that which we are doing in school and church , but supplementary to it , as necessary in securing the results we seek . Already fifteen applications are before us for lady missionaries to work in the homes , and we wait only for the women of the North to furnish us the necessary funds . As fast as we receive pledges of support the missionaries will be sent out . May the heart of every Christian woman be quickened to new impulse for the development of womanhood in those in our own land , so degraded and helpless ! FORM OF CONSTITUTION OF WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY SOCIETIES . ART . 1 . This Society shall be called the Woman 's Co-operative Missionary Society , —— Church . ART . 2 . Its object shall be to co-operate with the established missionary societies of the Congregational churches of America , in diffusing missionary intelligence , increasing interest in prayer , and in raising funds for missionary work in this country . ART . 3 . The officers of this Society shall be a President , a Vice-President , a Secretary , a Treasurer , and an Executive Committee of —— members . The Treasurer shall keep separate accounts for the different societies co-operating , or , if preferred , a Treasurer may be appointed for each . ART . 4 . Contributors to this Society may designate to which branch of missionary work they wish their contributions applied . Undesignated contributions may be assigned by vote of the Executive Committee . ART . 5 . Any lady may become a member of this Society by contributing a sum not less than one dollar annually , or ten cents monthly . Gentlemen elected at any regular meeting may become honorary members by the payment of —— dollars . ART . 6 . —— members present at any regularly called meeting shall constitute a quorum for business . ART . 7 . Meetings shall be held monthly , at which the Secretary shall give information of the work of the various societies assisted . Special meetings may be called by the officers and Executive Committee . Meetings shall be opened by devotional exercises . ART . 8 . A vote of two-thirds of the members present at any regular meeting shall be requisite for making any change in this constitution . THE BUREAU IN THE WEST . BY MISS ANNA M. CAHILL . One main object of the Woman 's Bureau , as stated at the time of its organization , is to diffuse information among the ladies of our churches , as to our work in its various departments . The carrying out of this purpose led to my eight weeks of itineracy among the conferences and churches of Wisconsin and Michigan . If I went to inform I went also to learn — to see how fares our cause in these churches . Especially I sought to learn how strong a hold the work of the American Missionary Association has upon the sympathy and effort of the Christian ladies of that section , what organized system of helpfulness they already have in this line , or what in their judgment can be done and will be done toward incorporating this work in their regular plan of missionary operations for each year . As I expected , I found the interest in our cause in various stages of development . It is not strange that in some places the ladies did not even so much as know that there was a Woman 's Bureau . The Bureau is in its infancy , and the fact of its existence has not yet taken hold of us all in any practical way . In many churches — not by any means always the larger ones — I found an intelligent appreciation of the needs and claims of the South . We have had many workers from these States of the West , or rather of the Interior , and when I had the pleasure of going into a community that had sent out one or more to the work in some part of our field , I found always an enthusiastic interest and a warm response to my appeals . My introduction to the warm-hearted Christian people of Wisconsin was at the State Association , met at Racine Sept. 24 . Finding on my arrival a large representation of ladies gathered to celebrate the anniversary of their Foreign Missionary Society , I felt sure that there must be also an active sympathy for the work in our own land , and I was not disappointed . On the following day , at a special gathering of the ladies , a State society was organized , whose range of objects should include all the benevolent societies of our denomination , working in this country , leaving conferences and local organizations at liberty to contribute through one treasurer or several treasurers , to any of these societies . After attending this “ gathering of the tribes ” it was my privilege to go by invitation to a few of the towns in southern Wisconsin . Of course the State organization has not yet stretched out its arms over the State in the formation of local societies . I can but think that Beloit , Whitewater , Geneva and Kenosha will be among the first to take definite steps in this direction . Wisconsin has by special contributions from her ladies supported a missionary in the South for several years and is still doing so . When through regular channels of organization they shall make this a part of their regular yearly charity , the arrangement can be more permanently relied upon by the Woman 's Bureau . Many , I think , will endorse the sentiment of a prominent lady in Michigan who said to me : “ I think the ladies of each one of these Western States ought to support one or more teacher-missionaries under the Association . ” On the 9th of October , at Grand Rapids , I joined the representative of the Woman 's Department of the American Home Missionary Society , with whom the longer tour of six weeks was to be made in Michigan . We were then on our way to the Grand River Conference at Allendale , where we found a hearty welcome . In this Conference there is a branch of the State Woman 's Home Missionary Society , a society already more than a year old and organized on the same broad platform as that adopted in Wisconsin . Before the meeting of the Southern Michigan Conference we were able to visit , in rapid succession , the churches at Middleville , Vermontville , and Olivet , in all of which an evident sympathy in the various forms of our work led me to hope that increased effort might result from this new presentation of our needs . In the Southern Conference we found also a branch organization , union in its character , and so efficiently officered that all is likely to be done that can be accomplished through it . Nowhere did I find stancher friends for our Christian educational work in the South than in this conference . At this point a short break occurred in our Michigan tour . A rapid journey brought us to Lake City in time to spend one day at the Minnesota State Association — just to grasp the hands of our Minnesota friends and be assured of their continued helpfulness . The Woman 's Home Missionary Society voted that at the next annual meeting the constitution should be reconsidered , with a view to enlarging its borders and including all the benevolent societies of our home work . The giving of a year 's notice before any change can be made is required by the constitution itself . We took up the work in Michigan again at St. Joseph , and from there went to the Kalamazoo Association . We found here , as elsewhere , that these autumn conferences are generally held with the smaller and less accessible churches , where the attendance of ladies is necessarily limited , and we must , therefore , give our message to the pastors , charging them with the responsibility of carrying it to the ladies of their churches . Before the next conference we were able to take in our plan the central points , Jackson , Ann Arbor , Flint and Lansing , and when we went up from there to Nashville to the Marshall Conference we felt that we were meeting old friends in the pastors and people , at whose homes we had already been . Another tour through Kalamazoo , Allegan , Owosso , Port Huron , St. Clair , Detroit , Union City and Chelsea brought us much the same experiences as before . We came finally to the large Eastern Conference , which was to be our last place of labor in Michigan . The ladies of this Conference , though not yet organized for home work under the State society , for several years supported a missionary in the South , largely through the personal effort of one active lady , who made this special collection her care . With the closing of this Bureau visit to the ladies of Michigan the work is left in their hands — not to be forgotten by them , but to be developed and strengthened until there shall be a rich annual fruitage of effort and practical result . CHILDREN 'S PAGE . CHRISTMAS GIVING AT MYSTIC , CONN . REV . CHARLES H. OLIPHANT . The Editor has asked me to give some account of the way our Sunday-school behaves itself at Christmas-time . There are two ideas about the Church ; and as parents feel and think about the Church the children will be pretty sure to think and feel about the Sunday-school . One conception of the Church is that it is a kind of receptacle for pious people . When one becomes “ good enough ” he is expected to get into this receptacle and there be acted upon by the means of grace . It is one of the mischiefs of this notion that it seems to excuse laymen from any active part in Christian work , if only they are regular attendants upon divine service . So , many people come to the preaching and the praying as if there were nothing for them to do , nothing either great or small . Such members may be said to be found in the “ passive voice . ” The other and better notion is that the Church is not a receptacle , but an engine ; not a box for Christians to get into , but a “ body ” for them to operate , and through which Christ can act upon the world of to-day . According to this view , the minister is not the only member whom the Master has called into His vineyard , the ideal Church is not so much a company of sheep as a company of soldiers ; the congregation comes together not simply to “ hear Mr. ——, ” but to organize for work . This may be called the Church 's “ active voice . ” I cannot ( within the verbal limits assigned me ) measure the miles of distance which lie between these two views . The same confusion of thought prevails in the Sunday-school . We know how the small boy finds that Sunday-school the most attractive ( and that teacher the “ nicest ” ) whose Christmas-tree pays the largest dividend . CHILDREN BEARING CHRISTMAS GIFTS When I came to my present field of work it had been the immemorial custom to have a tree and a treat for the children of the school . After a year or two of competition with other schools in making it “ worth while ” for children to attend our own , we “ braced up ” and put the question to vote whether we would make the Christmas festival a feast for ourselves or a feast for others ; whether we would have our school at this time a dispenser of sweetmeats and ourselves the beneficiaries , or dispense a gift instead to some more needy servants of the Master , who had no parental pocketbook to tap ; no good things to give away . To the surprise of all the vote was unanimous against the old , and in favor of the new , way . There was much misgiving as to results . Many confidently predicted that the offerings ( each class was invited to bring its own in a sealed envelope ) would be microscopic . It was distinctly understood that no money — not the smallest sum — was asked from those who disapproved the plan . Teachers were urged to dissuade their classes from perfunctory gifts . Inquiring next for a suitable object , we were advised by the Home Missionary Society of a poor servant of theirs in a Western State , whose poorer and more to be pitied wife was the mother of seven children . We put her to vote , and she was promptly and unanimously chosen . With the introduction into the plan of a personal element , enthusiasm began , and it became evident at once that there was to be sharp rivalry between the classes as to the size of their gifts . At length came the Christmas Eve concert , and with it a bright , full company of children . They never looked so happy , and every one of them knows that he never was so happy on such an occasion , as when , class by class , the offerings were handed to the Superintendent . With each of these a passage of Scripture was recited . It became only too evident , as the pile within his hand increased , that the prognostications of those who were sure that an old Sunday-school could not be taught new tricks were false . We are a small school — only 80 scholars — but the class offerings on this occasion footed up twenty-eight dollars and some cents . A letter was accordingly written and the money inclosed to the wife ( this was the best part of it , for we were sure that the minister could not then , as ministers will , mistake the remittance for a portion of his salary ) , who was asked to purchase with the amount some article or articles of which she was individually in need . The letter which came back to us after a week made those who heard it read in open school clear their throats and wink away an inevitable tear . It revealed ( among other things ) the fact that this poor servant had hitherto made all the clothing for seven children with the bare needle . Now she has a sewing machine . We all think , but none more fervently than the children , that the memory of a few oranges , more or less — oranges eaten three years ago — would not compensate for the glad consciousness that life is easier every day in at least one prairie home . Thus we were led to translate the Beatitude pronounced upon the “ giver ” into our own experience , and we have its meaning in the continuous stream of happiness which many have felt at the remembrance of what our pennies wrought . We have recently chosen an object for this year 's offering ; for the practice of giving and not receiving at Christmas-time is now habitual with us . Dr. Pike has told us about Philip Page , the African lad now at Atlanta , seeking eagerly , but with insufficient means , such an education as will qualify him to go back to his people a missionary . We shall send him enough for his support for one , and perhaps for two months . Let me urge those who may read these words to allow no seeming obstacle to prevent the putting in practice , in the schools to which they belong , of the plan here described . Do not fail to give the children for their Christmas gift the happiness that giving brings . Do not delay to teach the young by so simple a lesson the difference between the blessedness of giving and that of receiving . Identify by all means the aims and methods of the Church and Sunday-school . Let it not , even in a figure , appear to the child that the Christian attitude is one of idle enjoyment . No matter how small the gift , it is the giving up which makes us the Lord 's disciples . RECEIPTS FOR NOVEMBER 1883 . MAINE , $ 425. 02 . Bangor . Central Cong . Ch . and Soc . $ 250. 95 Bangor . Central Cong . Ch . and Soc ., for Dakota M. 1. 56 Brunswick . Young Ladies ’ Missionary Soc . of First Parish , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 15. 00 Eastport . Central Cong . Sab . Sch . 5. 00 Falmouth . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 30 ; Second Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 7. 20 37. 20 Hiram . ——, for Selma , Ala. 1. 75 Portland . State Street Cong . Ch ., 50 ; Saint Lawrence Street Ch . and Soc ., 11. 17 61. 17 Wells . Ladies of First Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Wilmington , N. C. Winthrop . Cong . Ch . 16. 00 Yarmouth . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 15. 39 York . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 21. 00 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 715. 46 . East Jaffrey . Cong . Ch . 20. 68 Dover . Mrs. A. Fairbanks , 7 ; Mrs. S. Foye , 5 , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 12. 00 Great Falls . First Cong . Ch . 39. 12 Haverhill . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 15. 63 Hinsdale . Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 9. 33 ; Cyrus Newhall , 1 10. 33 Keen . Geo . E. Whitney 5. 00 Keene . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc . of Second Ch ., for McIntosh , Ga. 2. 50 Lyme . Cong . Sab . Sch . 10. 00 Marlborough . Freedmen 's Aid Soc ., 2 bbls . of C ., val . 60 , for Talladega C ., 4 for Freight 4. 00 Nashua . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 29. 43 New Ipswich . Children 's 21st Annual Fair for benevolent objects 10. 50 Pembroke . Cong . Ch . ( ad'l ) , 5 ; Rev . D. Goodhue , 1 6. 00 Pittsfield . Box of Goods , by Rev . G. E. Hill , for Marion , Ala. Rindge . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 5. 00 Tilton and Northfield . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 25. 00 Walpole . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 20. 27 West Lebanon . “ Children 's Mission Band . ” Christmas Box , for Bird 's Nest , Santee Agency , Neb . West Lebanon . Bbl . of C ., by Rev . T. C. Pease , for Marietta , Ga . $ 215. 46 LEGACY . Francestown . Estate of Mrs. Harriet F. Downes , By Geo . E. Downes 500. 00 $ 715. 46 VERMONT , $ 175. 05 . Barnet . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 48. 13 Berlin . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., Bbl . and Box of C ., for Talladega C. Brattleborough . H. Halsey , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 5. 00 Manchester . Mrs. A. C. Reed , Bbl . of C ., for Atlanta U. Norwich . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 10. 00 Randolph . Mrs. Mary K. Nichols 3. 00 Rupert . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 11. 25 Saint Johnsbury . Mrs. V. M. Howard , 25 ; Mrs. E. D. Blodgett , 25 , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Swanton . H. Stone , wife and daughter 5. 00 Vershire . Luella D. Carpenter 1. 00 Worcester . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 10. 55 West Randolph . Mrs. Susan E. Albin 6. 00 Westminster West . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 19. 10 Windham . Cong . Sab . Sch . 6. 02 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 2 , 795. 19 . Abington . “ A Friend , ” to const . NAHUM FULLERTON L. M . 50. 00 Amesbury . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 12. 30 Amherst . “ A Friend , ” for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 7. 00 Andover , G. W. W. Dove , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 25. 00 Andover . Sab . Sch . of South Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 20. 00 Attleborough . Second Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 90. 72 ; incorrectly ack . in December number from Vt. Auburn . Cong . Ch ., to const . REV . SAMUEL D. HOSMER , L. M . 47. 67 Boylston . Ladies ’ Soc . of Cong . Ch ., Box of C ., val . 16 Boston . Pilgrim Soc . of Phillips Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Boston . Mrs. D. C. Holden , Bbl . of C ., for Chattanooga , Tenn. Boston . “ Cash ” 10. 00 Boxford . Cong . Ch . 37. 87 Brookline . Mrs. Crafts , Books Brimfield . Ladies of Second Cong . Ch ., for Freight 2. 00 Brockton . Porter Ch . and Soc ., “ A Friend , ” 20 ( adl .) to const . MRS. ALPHEUS GURNEY and EVERETT C. RANDALL L. M 's ; Mrs. Mary E. Perkins , 5 25. 00 Brockton . Mrs. Baylis Sanford , Bbl . of C ., 2 for Freight , for Tougaloo U . 2. 00 Bradford . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., for Student Aid , Chattanooga , Tenn. 101. 00 Billerica . Ladies of O. C . Ch ., Chest of C ., for Atlanta U. Bridgewater . Central Sq . Trin . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 40 , to const . ANNIE M. EDSON L. M . ; Central Sq . Sab . Sch ., 15 55. 00 Brimfield . Ladies of Second Cong . Ch . and Soc ., Bbl . of C ., for Chattanooga , Tenn ., val . 34 5. 00 Cambridge . “ A tithing ” 5. 00 Chelsea . Ladies ’ Union Home Mission Band , for Lady Miss'y , Chattanooga , Tenn. 25. 00 Chelsea . Third Cong . Ch . and Soc . 12. 67 Chicopee . Second Cong . Ch . 31. 87 Clinton . Woman 's Home Miss'y Ass'n , to const . MISS ANNIE C. PIERCE L. M . 30. 00 Dedham . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 159. 81 Dorchester . Second Cong . Sab . Sch ., ( ad'l ) 1. 24 Duxbury . A. P. Ellison , Bbl . of C ., for Atlanta U . East Bridgewater . Mrs. S. D. Shaw 3. 00 Florence . Florence Cong . Ch . 15. 81 Fitchburg . Calvinistic Ch . and Soc . 160. 87 Gilbertsville . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Hatfield . Cong . Ch . 58. 00 Haverhill . Algernon R. Nichols , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 35. 00 Haverhill . Sew . Soc . of No . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., val . 75. 37 , for Tougaloo U. Holliston . “ Friends , ” 15. 97 ; Missionary Concert , 4. 03 , for Student Aid ; “ Friends , ” Shoemaker 's kit , val . 10 , Shoe-lasts and clothing , for Talladega C. 20. 00 Hyde Park . Heart and Hand Soc ., 25 ; First Cong . Sab . Sch ., 15 for Straight U ., furnishing 40. 00 Ipswich . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 9. 31 and Bbl . of C. 9. 31 Lawrence . “ E. F. E . ” 5. 00 Lee . Cong . Sab . Sch . 75. 00 Leominster . Orthodox Cong . Ch . and Soc . 26. 45 Lexington . Hancock Ch . and Soc . 24. 75 Ludlow . Cong . Ch . 35. 16 Malden . Trin . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Medfield . Ladies of Second Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., 3 for Freight , for Savannah , Ga. 3. 00 Melrose . Orthodox Ch . and Soc . 60. 77 Middleboro . Central Cong . Ch . and Soc . 56. 59 Monson . Cong . Ch . ( 12 of which from Mrs. H. Dewey 's class , for Howard U .) 37. 00 Newbury . First Parish , 2 Bbls . of C ., for Tougaloo U. Newburyport . North Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 36. 83 ; Prospect St. Cong . Ch ., 29. 50 66. 33 Newton . Ladies ’ Freedman 's Aid Sew . Cir ., Bbl of C ., for Macon , Ga. Newton Center . First Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Chattanooga , Tenn. 100. 00 Newton Lower Falls . “ Friend , ” for Student Aid , Straight U . . 50 Norfolk . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 6. 75 North Amherst . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 51. 06 Norwood . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 5. 14 Oxford . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., for Missionary , Topeka , Kan. 15. 00 Oxford . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., Bbl . of C ., 2 for Freight , for Wilmington , N. C. 2. 00 Palmer . Thorndike Cong . Ch . 1. 44 Pepperell . “ Friends , ” Bbl . of C ., for Avery Inst . Pittsfield . Mrs. Hurd , Bbl . of C ., 2. 50 for Freight , for Talladega C. 2. 50 First Cong . Ch . and Soc . ( 10 of which from Sab . Sch ., for S. S. work ) 143. 00 Rockport . Busy Bee Soc ., by Sadie W. Butman , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 6. 00 Rockport , “ Pastor 's Class , ” for Dakota M. 5. 64 Rockport . First Cong . Sab . Sch ., 2 Bdls . of S. S. Exercises Shirley Village . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 7. 00 South Abington . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 50. 05 Spencer . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 136. 60 Spencer . Young Ladies ’ Mission Circle , Bdl . of C. Springfield . Hope Cong . Ch . 30. 00 Sunderland . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., 3 for Freight , for Atlanta U . 3. 00 Sutton . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 49. 83 Taunton . Union Ch . and Soc . 13. 54 Tewksbury . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., for Freight , for Talladega C. 2. 00 Townsend . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., Bbl . of C ., val . 22. 50 Watertown . Young Ladies ’ Mission Band of Phillips Ch ., for Student Aid , Straight U . 50. 00 Webster . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 50. 00 Westborough . Evan . Cong . Sab . Sch . 50. 00 Westborough . Freedmen 's Mission Ass'n , Bbl . of C ., 1 , for Freight , for Atlanta U . 1. 00 West Medway . Cyrus Adams 10. 00 West Newton . “ A Friend , ” Bbl . of C. Weymouth . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 9. 75 Winchendon . First Cong . Sab . Sch ., to const . MRS. HARRIET BEMIS L. M . 30. 00 Worcester . Plymouth Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 163. 26 ; Salem St . Ch ., 94 ; “ E. C. C . ” 20 277. 26 Worcester . “ A Friend , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 100. 00 Worcester . Plymouth Ch . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 8. 66 Worcester . Infant Class Piedmont Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 30. 00 Worthington . “ An Aged Lady , ” by Rev . F. S. Huntington 10. 00 Yarmouth . Ladies ’ Sew . C. of First Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Chattanooga , Tenn. ——. “ A Friend ” 20. 00 RHODE ISLAND , $ 337. 80 . Kingston . Cong . Ch . 22. 91 LEGACY . Providence . Estate of Sarah P. Phillips , by T. Salisbury , Adm'r 314. 89 CONNECTICUT , $ 1 , 972. 41 . Branford . Rev . C. P. Osborne 10. 00 Brookfield Center . Cong . Ch . 14. 81 Cheshire . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Sab . Sch . Work , Marion , Ala. 25. 00 Coventry . First Cong . Ch . 41. 93 Danbury . First Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Derby . First Cong . Ch . Sab . Sch ., for Tillotson C. & N. Inst . 10. 00 East Hartford . South Cong . Ch ., 15 ; Mrs. E. M. Roberts , 5 20. 00 East Woodstock . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 25. 00 Ellington . Cong . Ch . 26. 14 Guilford . “ A member of Third Cong . Ch . ” for Student Aid , Tillotson C. & N. Inst . 2. 00 Haddam Neck . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Hartford . Pearl St. Cong . Ch . 84. 41 Higganum . Cong . Sab . Sch ., 31. 43 , to const . JOHN H. FREEMAN L. M . ; Cong . Ch ., 20 51. 43 Kensington . Cong . Ch . 35. 73 Killingly . E. F. Jencks 5. 00 Lakeville . Children 's Mission Circle , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 50. 00 Litchfield . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Meriden . First Cong . Ch ., to const . CATHARINE C. HINSDALE , MRS. WM . HOMAN , JOSEPH U. PRATT , E. B. COWLES , MARGARET LOGAN , LILLIAN B. SMITH , LUCY B. GRISWOLD , SALLIE E. COLLINS , JOHN WARREN and MARSHALL A. FOWLER , L. M 's 300. 00 Meriden . Center Cong . Ch . 50. 00 Middletown . First Ch ., 25. 29 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 30. 29 Milton . Cong . Ch . 7. 13 Millington . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 New Britain . South Cong . Ch . 7. 00 New Haven . “ A Friend , in commemoration of fiftieth birthday , ” 50 ; Mrs. Sylvia Johnson , 10 60. 00 New London . Church of Christ 49. 90 New London . Mrs. B. P. McEwen , Bbl . of C. and Chest of Books , for Talladega C. Northfield . Cong . Ch . and Soc ., to const . MISS MARY McCALL L. M . 51. 02 Norwalk . First Cong . Ch . 75. 41 Norwich . Rev . W. S. Palmer 5. 00 Norwich Town . Charles B. Baldwin 10. 00 Putnam . “ Missionary Workers ” of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 25. 00 Stamford . First Cong . Ch . 44. 69 South Coventry . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 25. 00 Stonington . Second Cong . Ch . and Soc . 98. 00 Thomaston . Cong . Ch . 30. 50 Thompsonville . First Presb . Sab . Sch ., for Straight U ., Library 6. 61 West Avon . “ A Friend ” 10. 00 West Haven . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 12. 91 West Hartford . Cong . Ch . 5. 50 Wethersfield . Rev . G. J. Tillotson , for Tillotson C. & N . Inst ., Land 50. 00 Westport . Amasa Warren 5. 00 Winchester . Cong . Ch . 8. 02 Vernon Centre . Cong . Ch . 31. 98 $ 1 , 472. 41 LEGACY . New Britain . Estate of Mrs. Laura F. Stanley , by Oliver Stanley , Ex . 500. 00 $ 1 , 972. 41 NEW YORK , $ 891. 01 . Adams Basin . Mrs. Ezekiel Clark 5. 00 Albany . Chas . A . Beach 25. 00 Brooklyn . “ A Friend ” 2. 00 Brooklyn . Estate of Chas . Wilbur , pkg . Bibles Camden . Cong . Ch . & Sab . Sch ., for Talladega C. 28. 00 Clinton . Miss Cynthia Chipman , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 5. 00 Crown Point . Second Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Durham . “ A Friend ” 3. 00 Ellington . George Waith 1. 00 Fairport . First Cong . Ch . 79. 11 Fredonia . Sab . Sch . of Pres . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Gloversville . Cong . Ch . ( 100 of which from A. Judson ) 127. 00 Hamilton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 20. 00 Homer . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Talladega C. Le Roy . Miss Delia A. Phillips , for Lady Miss'y , Topeka , Kansas 10. 00 Liverpool . “ A Friend , ” for Student Aid , Fisk U . 1. 00 Malone . First Cong . Ch . 32. 20 Marion . Cong . Ch . 22. 60 Morristown . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Munnsville . N. S. Hall , for Tillotson C. & N . Inst ., Reading Room 5. 00 New York . Pilgrim Cong . Ch ., 81. 50 , for Talladega C. and bal . to const . DR. JOSEPH F. LAND , EDMUND L. CHAMPLIN and MRS. LOUISE S. AYRES L. M 's ; Gen. Clinton B. Fisk , 30 , to const . MISS FANNY GLEASON L. M . ; “ A Friend , ” 1 ; Harper & Brothers , 200 vols . School Books , val . 100 112. 50 New York . D. J. Carson , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 New Haven . “ A Friend , ” to const . REV . FRANK N. GREELEY and MRS. ANNA C. GREELEY L. M 's 60. 00 Penn Yan . Chas . C. Sheppard 150. 00 Portland . Cong . Sab . Sch . 8. 60 West Chazy . Rev . L. Prindle 2. 00 West Durham . Diantha Scoville 10. 00 Warsaw . Mrs. H. L. Booth , Pkg . of Papers Waterville . Mrs. J. S. Hitchcock , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 5. 00 Whitestown . S. Hoxie , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 ——. “ Yale 59 , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 50. 00 ——. “ A Friend , ” Blacksmith and Shoemakers ’ tools , val . 80. 00 , for Talladega C . NEW JERSEY , $ 281. 00 . Bernardsville . J. L. Roberts 40. 00 Elizabeth . Mrs. Hannah W. Page 1. 00 Jersey City . Tabernacle Sab . Sch ., for Indian Girl , Santee Agency 25. 00 Montclair . First Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Hampton A . & N. Inst . 35. 00 Paterson . P. Van Houten 5. 00 Upper Montclair . Christian Union Cong . Ch . ( 10. 50 of which for Dakota M .) 175. 00 Raritan . Box of Papers PENNSYLVANIA , $ 35. 00 . Clark . Mrs. Elizabeth Dickson 15. 00 Meadville . Miss Eliza Dickson 15. 00 North East . Mrs. M. K. Spooner 5. 00 OHIO , $ 472. 61 . Alliance . Welsh Cong . Sab . Sch . 5. 00 Andover . Cong . Ch . 7. 25 Bellevue . Cong . Ch ., Collection 10. 35 , S. W. Boise 25 ., to const . REV . W. G. ROBERTS L. M . 35. 35 Berea . Mrs. Fred Smedley , for Lexington , Ky. 3. 75 Cleveland . First Cong . Ch . 24. 29 Cleveland . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Cleveland . White Sew . Machine Co ., Sewing Machine , for Straight U . Farmer . E. M. Ensign 10. 00 Geneva . Mrs. S. Kingsbury , “ in memory of her daughter Madelin , ” to const . MISS EMMA A. JOHNSON L. M . 30. 00 Huron . Theodore Alvord 1. 50 Hudson . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 43. 16 Hudson . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 5. 00 New Lyme . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., for Straight U ., Library 7. 60 North Bloomfield . E. A . Brown , for Theo . Dept ., Talladega C. 100. 00 Oberlin . “ A Friend ” 10. 00 Peru . “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 63. 75 Ruggles . First Cong . Ch . 6. 23 Saybrook . Wm . C. Sexton 1. 50 Strongsville . E. Lyman , bal . to const . MRS. JULIA A. AVERY L. M . 10. 00 Toledo . Mrs. Eliza H. Weed 5. 00 West Andover . Cong . Ch . 17. 46 Wellington . First Cong . Ch . 59. 27 York . Cong . Ch . ( ad'l ) 1. 50 ILLINOIS , $ 663. 80 . Cable . Maria B. Holyoke 2. 00 Camp Point . Mrs. S. B. McKinney 10. 00 Chicago . New Eng . Cong . Ch ., 40. 53 ; Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc . of New Eng . Cong . Ch ., 9. 10 49. 63 Dover . Cong . Ch . 25. 31 Dover . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., for Lady Miss'y , Mobile , Ala. 10. 00 Englewood . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Evanston . Cong . Sab . Sch . 11. 00 Farmington . Phineas Chapman 50. 00 Freeport . L. L. Farwell , for Talladega C. 10. 00 Galesburg . Infant Class First Cong . Ch . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 17. 50 Galesburg . C. S. Halsey , case of medicines , for Talladega C. Hampton . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Jacksonville . Cong . Ch . 49. 30 Millburn . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., for Lady Miss'y Mobile , Ala. 25. 00 Moline . First Cong . Ch . 55. 39 Naperville . Cong . Ch . 17. 40 Ottawa . First Cong . Ch . 41. 00 Onarga . “ Gentleman ”. 50 Providence . Cong . Ch . 11. 00 Rochelle . W. H. Holcomb , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 90. 00 Rochelle . “ A Friend , ” for Tillotson C. and N . Inst ., Reading Room 50. 00 Sheffield . Etta M. Kingburn 3. 27 Sparta . Wm . Rosborough , 5 ; Bryce Crawford , 5 ; D. P. Barker , 2 ; P. B. Gault , 1 ; J . Hood , 1 ; S. Alexander , 1 ; J. Alexander , 1 ; R. H. Rosborough , 1 ; L. Fulton , 50c 17. 50 Sycamore . I. H. Rogers , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 104. 00 MICHIGAN , $ 387. 14 . Alamo . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc . 5. 00 Allegan . “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 85 Adrian . C. C. Spooner 5. 00 Baldwin . Rev . S. B. Demarest 2. 00 Church 's Corners . Cong . Ch ., 13. 40 , and Sab . Sch ., 12. 60 ; J. F. Douglass , 4 ; A. W. Douglass , 2 ; James Robbins , 2 34. 00 Clinton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 9. 60 East Saginaw . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 34. 00 Grand Rapids . Park Cong . Ch ., for Rev . J. H. H. Sengstack 30. 00 Greenville . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 25. 00 Halloway . James Vincent 10. 00 Hudson . Young People 's Benev . Soc ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Kalamazoo . Mrs. Henry Montague , 5 ; Mr. Reimer , 3 , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 8. 00 Lansing . Plymouth Ch . 21. 74 Litchfield . Cong . Ch ., 11. 60 ; Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., 11. 20 22. 80 Olivet . First Cong . Ch . 6. 63 Salem . First Cong . Ch ., for Fisk U . 10. 00 Saint Clair . Cong . Ch . 42. 37 Three Oaks . Cong . Ch . 35. 65 Union City . J. R. Blake 5. 00 Vienna . Cong . Ch . 4. 50 IOWA , $ 208. 46 . Alden . Mrs. E. Rogers 2. 00 Anamosa . Ladies Freedmen 's Soc ., Clothing , for Straight U. Bellevue . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., for Lady Miss'y , New Orleans , La . 4. 00 Chester Center . First Cong . Ch . 40. 00 Council Bluffs . Cong . Ch ., for Talladega C. 50. 55 Decorah . Ladies ’ Soc ., Bbl . of C ., val . 40 , for Straight U . Des Moines . Ladies of First Cong . Ch ., 3 Bbls of C ., for Talladega C. Eldora . Cong . Ch . 11. 71 Grinnell . First Cong . Ch . 16. 00 McGregor . Young Ladies ’ Mission Band of Cong . Ch . 17. 00 McGregor . Cong . Ch ., for Lady Miss'y , New Orleans , La . 18. 00 Montour . Cong . Ch . 32. 60 Onawa . Cong . Ch . 12. 60 Staceyville . Miss P. D. Shattuck , bedding for Straight U . ——. “ Hawkeye , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 4. 00 WISCONSIN , $ 163. 69 . Burlington . Plymouth Ch . 15. 00 Cooksville . Edward Gilley 5. 00 Emerald Grove . Cong . Ch . 13. 50 Janesville . Cong . Ch . 10. 32 Kan Kanna . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 La Crosse . Mission Sch . 15. 00 Milton . First Cong . Ch . 6. 87 Madison . First Cong . Ch . 50. 00 Platteville . Cong . Ch . 35. 00 Shopiere . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Straight U . 8. 00 Whitewater . Winchester & Partridge Mfg . Co ., Corn and Feed Mill , val . 40 , for Tougaloo U . MINNESOTA , $ 62. 69 . Detroit . First Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Glyndon . Union Ch . 8. 17 Minneapolis . Plymouth Ch . 30. 46 Rochester . First Cong . Ch . 21. 06 KANSAS , $ 9. 70 . Lawrence . Plymouth Cong . Ch . 9. 70 NEBRASKA , $ 107. 25 . Nebraska City . Cong . Ch . 7. 25 York . Dr. Benjamin Bissell 100. 00 ARKANSAS , $ 6. 00 . Little Rock . Tuition 6. 00 CALIFORNIA , $ 20. 00 . Arcata . “ A Friend ” 20. 00 MARYLAND , $ 129. 22 . Baltimore . First Cong . Ch . 129. 22 KENTUCKY , $ 122. 75 . Lexington . Tuition 87. 50 Newport . F. W. C. Crane 5. 00 Williamsburg . Tuition 30. 25 TENNESSEE , $ 2 , 195. 53 . Nashville . Fisk U ., Tuition . 886. 93 ; Rent , 75 961. 93 Knoxville . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Memphis . Friends for Le Moyne Sch ., Enlargement of Building 1 , 000. 00 Memphis . Le Moyne Sch ., Tuition 221. 60 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 232. 10 . Raleigh . “ Friends , ” 2 ; Miss E. P. Hayes , 6 ( of which 1 for Freight ) for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 8. 00 Wilmington . Normal Sch ., Tuition , 219. 10 ; Cong . Ch ., 5 224. 10 GEORGIA , $ 450. 05 . Atlanta . Storrs ’ Sch ., Tuition , 244. 05 ; Rent , 3 ; First Cong . Ch ., 30 277. 05 Macon . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Savannah . Beach Inst ., Tuition , 142 , Rent , 10 ; Cong . Ch ., 10 162. 00 Woodville . “ A Friend ” 1. 00 ALABAMA , $ 458. 15 . Athens . Tuition , 63. 90 , “ Student Aid , ” 20 83. 90 Marion . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Mobile . Emerson Inst ., Tuition , 295. 85 ; Cong . Ch ., 1. 20 297. 05 Montgomery . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Talladega . Talladega C ., Tuition , 37. 20 ; Cong . Ch ., 10 47. 20 LOUISIANA , $ 207. 00 . New Orleans . Straight U ., Tuition 207. 00 MISSISSIPPI , $ 1. 00 . Jackson . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 TEXAS , $ 251. 00 . Austin . Tillotson C. & N . Inst ., Tuition 251. 00 ——, $ 25. 00 . Port Arthur . Rev . H. H. Robins , for Talladega C. 25. 00 INCOMES , $ 933. 03 . Avery Fund , for Mendi M. 575. 00 C. F. Hammond Fund , for Straight U . 125. 00 De Forest Fund , for President 's Chair , Talladega C. 37. 50 Howard Theo . Fund , for Howard U . 85. 53 Income Fund , for Straight U . 20. 00 Le Moyne Fund , for Memphis , Tenn. 50. 00 Luke Mem . Sch . Fund , for Talladega C. 10. 80 N. M. and A . Stone Fund , For Talladega C. 25. 00 Yale Library Fund , for Talladega C. 4. 20 Total for November $ 14 , 734. 11 Total from Oct. 1st to Nov. 30th 29 , 977. 09 =========== FOR AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions from Oct. 1st to Nov. 30 76. 07 =========== H. W. HUBBARD , Treasurer , 56 Reade Street , New York . TO INVESTORS . $ 925 and accrued interest will buy a $ 1 , 000 6 per cent . gold coupon bond of the EAST and WEST R. R. CO. OF ALABAMA This is a strictly first class investment bond , secured by a first mortgage on an old road , fully built and equipped , that has always paid its interest , and earns a dividend on its stock besides . This bond will pay you $ 30 every six months . No taxes , no trouble , and a safe investment . For sale by the EAST AND WEST R. R. CO. OF ALA ., 502 B'way , or AMERICAN LOAN AND TRUST CO ., 113 B'way , N. Y . CONSTITUTION . ART . I . This society shall be called the American Missionary Association . ART . II . The object of this Association shall be to conduct Christian missionary and educational operations and diffuse a knowledge of the Holy Scriptures in our own country and other countries which are destitute of them , or which present open and urgent fields of effort . ART . III . Members of evangelical churches may be constituted members of this Association for life by the payment of thirty dollars into its treasury , with the written declaration at the time or times of payment that the sum is to be applied to constitute a designated person a life member ; and such membership shall begin sixty days after the payment shall have been completed . Other persons , by the payment of the same sum , may be made life members without the privilege of voting . Every evangelical church which has within a year contributed to the funds of the Association and every State Conference or Association of such churches may appoint two delegates to the Annual Meeting of the Association ; such delegates , duly attested by credentials , shall be members of the Association for the year for which they were thus appointed . ART . IV . The Annual Meeting of the Association shall be held in the month of October or November , at such time and place as may be designated by the Association , or , in case of its failure to act , by the Executive Committee , by notice printed in the official publication of the Association for the preceding month . ART . V. The officers of the Association shall be a President , five Vice-Presidents , a Corresponding Secretary or Secretaries , a Recording Secretary , a Treasurer , Auditors , and an Executive Committee of fifteen members , all of whom shall be elected by ballot . At the first Annual Meeting after the adoption of this Constitution , five members of the Executive Committee shall be elected for the term of one year , five for two years and five for three years , and at each subsequent Annual Meeting , five members shall be elected for the full term of three years , and such others as shall be required to fill vacancies . ART . VI . To the Executive Committee shall belong the collecting and disbursing of funds , the appointing , counseling , sustaining and dismissing of missionaries and agents , and the selection of missionary fields . They shall have authority to fill all vacancies in office occurring between the Annual Meetings ; to apply to any Legislature for acts of incorporation , or conferring corporate powers ; to make provision when necessary for disabled missionaries and for the widows and children of deceased missionaries , and in general to transact all such business as usually appertains to the Executive Committees of missionary and other benevolent societies . The acts of the Committee shall be subject to the revision of the Annual Meeting . Five members of the Committee constitute a quorum for transacting business . ART . VII . No person shall be made an officer of this Association who is not a member of some evangelical church . ART . VIII . Missionary bodies and churches or individuals may appoint and sustain missionaries of their own , through the agency of the Executive Committee , on terms mutually agreed upon . ART . IX . No amendment shall be made to this Constitution except by the vote of two-thirds of the members present at an Annual Meeting and voting , the amendment having been approved by the vote of a majority at the previous Annual Meeting . VICK 'S FLORAL GUIDE For 1884 is an Elegant Book of 150 Pages , 3 Colored Plates of FLOWERS and Vegetables , and more than 1000 Illustrations of the choicest Flowers , Plants and VEGETABLES , and Directions for Growing . It is handsome enough for the Center Table or a Holiday Present . Send on your name and Postoffice address , with 10 cents , and we will send you a copy , post-paid . This is not a quarter of its cost . It is printed in both English and German . If you afterwards order seeds deduct the 10 cents . VICK 'S SEEDS ARE THE BEST IN THE WORLD . The Floral Guide will tell how to get and grow them . VICK 'S Illustrated Monthly Magazine , 32 Pages , a Colored Plate in every number and many fine Engravings . Price $ 1. 25 a year ; Five Copies for $ 5 . Specimen numbers sent for 10 cents ; 3 trial copies 25 cts . Address , JAMES VICK , Rochester , N. Y . ( drawing of lamp ) The Great Church LIGHT . FRINK 'S Patent Reflectors give the Most Powerful , the Softest , Cheapest and the Best Light known for Churches , Stores , Show Windows , Parlors , Banks , Offices , Picture Galleries , Theatres , Depots , etc . New and elegant designs . Send size of room . Get circular and estimate . A liberal discount to churches and the trade . I. P. FRINK , 551 Pearl St. N. Y . SKIN HUMORS CAN BE CURED BY GLENN 'S SULPHUR SOAP . SAN FRANCISCO , Feb. 16 , 1883 . Mr. C. N. Crittenton : DEAR SIR : I wish to call your attention to the good your Sulphur Soap has done me . For nearly fourteen years I have been troubled with a skin humor resembling salt rheum . I have spent nearly a small fortune for doctors and medicine , but with only temporary relief . I commenced using your “ Glenn 's Sulphur Soap ” nearly two years ago — used it in baths and as a toilet soap daily . My skin is now as clear as an infant 's , and no one would be able to tell that I ever had a skin complaint . I would not be without the soap if it cost five times the amount . Yours respectfully . M. H. MORRIS . LICK HOUSE , San Francisco , Cal . The above testimonial is indisputable evidence that Glenn 's Sulphur Soap will eliminate poisonous Skin Diseases WHEN ALL OTHER MEANS HAVE FAILED . To this fact thousands have testified ; and that it will banish lesser afflictions , such as common PIMPLES , ERUPTIONS and SORES , and keep the skin clear and beautiful , is absolutely certain . For this reason ladies whose complexions have been improved by the use of this soap NOW MAKE IT A CONSTANT TOILET APPENDAGE . The genuine always bears the name of C. N. CRITTENTON , 115 Fulton street , New York , sole proprietor . For sale by all druggists or mailed to any address on receipt of 30 cents in stamps , or three cakes for 75 cents . ( logo ) J . & R. LAMB , 59 Carmine Street . Sixth Ave. cars pass the door . BANNERS IN SILK , NEW DESIGNS . CHURCH FURNITURE SEND FOR HAND BOOK BY MAIL . PEARLS in the MOUTH ( smiling woman ) Beauty and Fragrance Are communicated to the mouth by SOZODONT which renders the teeth pearly white , the gums rosy , and the breath sweet . By those who have used it , it is regarded as an indispensable adjunct of the toilet . It thoroughly removes tartar from the teeth , without injuring the enamel . SOLD BY DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE . MASON & HAMLIN ORGANS . A cable dispatch announces that at the International Industrial Exhibition ( 1883 ) now in progress ( 1883 ) at AMSTERDAM , NETHERLANDS , These Organs have been Awarded the GRAND DIPLOMA OF HONOR , Being the VERY HIGHEST AWARD , ranking above the GOLD MEDAL , and given only for EXCEPTIONAL SUPER-EXCELLENCE . THUS IS CONTINUED THE UNBROKEN SERIES OF TRIUMPHS OF THESE ORGANS AT EVERY GREAT WORLD 'S INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION FOR SIXTEEN YEARS , No other American Organs having been found equal to them in any . THE RECORD OF TRIUMPHS of MASON & HAMLIN ORGANS in such severe and prolonged comparisons by the BEST JUDGES OF SUCH INSTRUMENTS IN THE WORLD now stands : at PARIS , | VIENNA , | SANTIAGO ,| PHILA ., PARIS , | MILAN ,| AMSTERDAM , 1867 1873 1875 1876 1878 1881 | 1883 FRANCE .| AUSTRIA .| CHILI . U. S. AMER .| FRANCE .| ITALY .| NETHERLANDS . The Testimony of Musicians is Equally Emphatic . THE NEW WORLD SAYS “ MUCH THE BEST MUSICIANS GENERALLY SO REGARD THEM ” THEO-THOMAS AND THOUSANDS OF OTHERS .] THE OLD WORLD SAYS “ MATCHLESS ” “ UNRIVALED ” FRANZ LISZT AND HUNDREDS OF OTHERS .] A NEW ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FOR 1883-4 ( dated October , 1883 ) is now ready and will be sent free ; including MANY NEW STYLES — the best assortment and most attractive organs we have ever offered . ONE HUNDRED STYLES are fully described and illustrated , adapted to all uses , in plain and elegant cases in natural woods , and superbly decorated in gold , sliver and colors . Prices , $ 22 for the smallest size , but having as much power as any single reed organ and the characteristic Mason & Hamlin excellence , up to $ 900 for the largest size . 50 styles between $ 100 and $ 200 . Sold also for easy payments . Catalogues free . THE MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN AND PIANO CO ., 154 Tremont St ., Boston ; 46 East 14th Street ( Union Square ) , New York ; 140 Wabash Avenue , Chicago .