THE GIRL 'S OWN PAPER VOL . VIII .— NO . 353 . OCTOBER 2 , 1886 . Price One Penny . MERLE 'S CRUSADE . BY ROSA NOUCHETTE CAREY , Author of “ Aunt Diana , ” “ For Lilias , ” etc . [ Illustration : “ ‘ WHAT A PITY YOU STOPPED ME JUST THEN . ’ ” ] CHAPTER I . THE VALLEY OF HUMILIATION . “ Merle , I may be a little old-fashioned in my notions ; middle-aged people never adjust their ideas quite in harmony with you young folk , but in my day we never paused to count fifty at a full stop . ” Aunt Agatha 's voice startled me with its reproachful irritability . Well , I had deserved that little sarcasm for I must confess that I had been reading very carelessly . My favourite motto was ringing in my ears , “ Laborare est orare . ” Somehow the words had set themselves to resonant music in my brain ; it seemed as though I were chanting them inwardly all the time I was climbing down the steep hill with Christiana and her boys . Laborare est orare . And this is what I was reading on that still , snowy Sunday afternoon : “ But we will come again to this Valley of Humiliation . It is the best and most fruitful piece of ground in all these parts . It is a fat ground , and , as you see , consisteth much in meadows , and if a man was to come here in the summertime as we do now , if he knew not anything before thereof , and if he delighted himself in the sight of his eyes , he might see that which would be delightful to him . Behold how green this valley is , also how beautiful with lilies ! I have known many labouring men that have got good estates in this Valley of Humiliation . ” “ Merle , ” observed Aunt Agatha , a little dryly , “ we may as well leave off there , for it seems that you and I are to have our estate among the labouring men in this very valley . ” Aunt Agatha was a clever woman , and could say shrewd things sometimes , but she never spoke a truer word than this ; but my wits were no longer wool-gathering . “ What a pity you stopped me just then , ” I remarked , somewhat sententiously ; “ we have missed the purest gem of the allegory . ‘ He that is down need fear no fall ; he that is low no pride . ’ ” But here a hand was lifted in protesting fashion . “ Put the marker in the page , child , and spare me the rest ; that is in favour of your argument , not mine , ” for a weary discussion had been waged between us for two whole hours — a discussion that had driven Aunt Agatha exhausted to the couch , but which had only given me a tingling feeling of excitement , such as a raw recruit might experience at the sight of a battlefield . Aunt Agatha 's ladylike ideas lay dead and wounded round her while I had made that last impetuous charge . “ I am of age , a free Englishwoman , living in a free country , and not all the nineteenth century prejudices , though they are thick as dragons ’ teeth , shall prevent me , Merle Fenton , of sane mind and healthy body , from doing what I believe to be my duty . ” “ Humph , I am rather doubtful of the sanity ; I always told you that you were too independent and strong-minded for a girl ; but what is the use of preaching to deaf ears ? ” continued Aunt Agatha , in a decidedly cross voice , as she arranged the cushions comfortably . It was true that I was getting the best of the argument , and yet I was sorry for Aunt Agatha . I felt how I was shocking all her notions of decorum and propriety , and giving pain to the kindest and gentlest heart in the world ; but one cannot lead a new crusade without trampling on some prejudices . I knew all my little world would shriek “ fie , ” and “ for shame ” into my ears , and all because I was bent on working out a new theory . The argument had grown out of such a little thing . I had shown Aunt Agatha an advertisement in the Morning Post , and announced my intention of answering it in person the following morning . “ NURSE .— Can any lady recommend a thoroughly conscientious superior person to take charge of two children , baby eighteen months old ? Assistance given in the nursery . Must be a good , plain needlewoman . Prince 's Gate , S. W . ” To the last day of my life I do not think that I shall ever forget Aunt Agatha 's face when she read that advertisement . “ You intend to offer yourself for this situation , Merle — to lose caste , and take your place among menials ? It is enough to make my poor brother rise in his grave , and your poor , dear mother too , to think of a Fenton stooping to such degradation . ” But I will forbear to transcribe all the wordy avalanche of lady-like invective that was hurled at me , accompanied by much wringing of hands . And yet the whole thing lay in a nut-shell . I , Merle Fenton , sound , healthy , and aged two-and-twenty , being orphaned , penniless , and only possessing one near relative in the world — Aunt Agatha — declined utterly to be dependent for my daily bread and the clothes I wore on the goodwill of her husband and my uncle by marriage , Ezra Keith . No , I was not good . I daresay I was self-willed , contradictory , and as obstinate as a mule that will go every way but the right way , but , all the same , I loved Aunt Agatha , my dead father 's only sister , and I detested Uncle Keith with a perfectly unreasonable detestation . Aunt Agatha had been a governess all her life . Certainly the Fenton family had not much to boast of in the way of wealth . Pedigree and poverty are not altogether pleasant yoke fellows . It may be comfortable to one 's feelings to know that a certain progenitor of ours made boots at the time of the Conquest , though I am never quite sure in my mind that they had bootmakers then ; but my historical knowledge was always defective . But a little money is also pleasant ; indeed , if the pedigree and the money came wooing to me , and I had to choose between them — well , perhaps I had better hold my tongue on that subject ; for what is the good of shocking people unless one has a very good reason for doing so ? My father 's pedigree did not help him into good practice , and he died young — a grave mistake , people tell me , for a professional man to commit . My mother was very pretty and very helpless , but then she had a pedigree , too , and , probably , that forbade her to soil her white hands . She was a fine lady , with more heart than head , which she had lost most unwisely to the handsome young doctor . After his death , she made futile efforts for her child 's sake , but the grinding wheel of poverty caught the poor butterfly and crushed her to death . My poor , tender-hearted , unhappy mother ! Well , the world is a cruel place to these soft , unprotected natures . I should have fared badly but for Aunt Agatha ; her hardly-earned savings were all spent on my education . She was a clever , highly-educated woman , and commanded good salaries , and out of this she contrived to board and maintain me at a school until she married , and Uncle Keith promised that I should share their home . I never could understand why Aunt Agatha married him . Perhaps she was tired of the drudgery of teaching ; at forty-five one may grow a little weary of one 's work . Perhaps she wanted a home for her old age , and was tired of warming herself at other people 's fires , and preferred a chimney corner of her own ; but , strange to say , she always scouted these two notions with the utmost indignation . “ I married your uncle , Merle , ” she would say , with great dignity , “ because he convinced me that he was the right person for me to marry . I have no more idea than you how he contrived to instil this notion into my head , for though I am a plain body and never had any beauty , I must own I liked tall , good-looking men . But there , my dear , I lived forty-five years in the world without three things very common in women 's lives — without beauty , without love , and without discontent . ” And in this last clause she was certainly right . Aunt Agatha was the most contented creature in the world . If Uncle Keith — for never , never would I call him Uncle Ezra , even had he asked me as a personal favour to do so — if Uncle Keith had been rich I could have understood the marriage better , being rather a mercenary and far-sighted young person , but he had only a very small income . He was managing clerk in some mercantile house , and , being a thrifty soul , invested all his spare cash instead of spending it . Aunt Agatha had lived in grand houses all her life , but she was quite content with the little cottage at Putney to which her husband took her . They only kept one servant ; but Aunt Agatha proved herself to be a notable housekeeper . She arranged and rearranged the old-fashioned furniture that had belonged to Uncle Keith 's mother until she had made quite a charming drawing-room ; but that was just her way ; she had clever brains , and clever fingers , and to manipulate old materials into new fashions was just play work to her . But for me , I am perfectly convinced that Aunt Agatha would have called herself the happiest woman in the world , but my discontent leavened the household . If three people elect to live together , the success of the scheme demands that one of the three should not smile sourly on all occasions . For two whole years I tried to be amiable when Uncle Keith was in the room , and at last gave up the attempt in despair , baffled by my own evil tempers , and yet I will say I was not a bad-tempered girl . I must have had good in me or Aunt Agatha would not have been so fond of me . I call that a real crucial test — other people 's fondness for us . Why is it so difficult to get on with some folk , very worthy people in their way ? Why do some people invariably rub up one 's fur until it bristles with discomfort ? Why do these same thoroughly estimable creatures bring a sort of moral east wind with them , scarifying one 's nerves ? Surely it is beneath the dignity of a human being to be rasped by a harsh , drawling voice , or offended by trifling mannerisms . Uncle Keith was just like one of my sums — you might add him up , subtract from him , divide or multiply him , but he would never come right in the end ; one always reckoned that he was more or less than he was . He was a little , pale , washed-out looking man , with sandy hair and prominent brown eyes . Being an old bachelor when he married Aunt Agatha , he had very precise , formal ways , and was methodical and punctual to a fault . Next to Uncle Keith , I hated that white-faced watch of his . I hated the slow , ponderous way in which he drew it from his pocket , and produced it for my special benefit . I have said that my detestation of Uncle Keith was somewhat unreasonable . I must own I had no grave reasons for my dislike . Uncle Keith had a good moral character ; he was a steady church-goer , was painstaking and abstemious ; never put himself in a passion , or , indeed , lost his temper for a minute ; but how was a girl to tolerate a man who spent five minutes scraping his boots before he entered his own door , whatever the weather might be ; who said , “ Hir-rumph ” ( humph was what he meant ) before every sentence , booming at one like a great bee ; who always prefaced a lecture with a “ my dear ; ” who would not read a paper until it was warmed ; who would burn every cinder before fresh coals were allowed on the fire ; who looked reproachfully at my crumbs ( I crumbled my bread purposely at last ) , and scooped them carefully in his hand for the benefit of the birds , with the invariable remark , “ Waste not , want not , ” a saying I learnt to detest ? I suppose if we are ever admitted into heaven we shall find very odd people there ; but perhaps they will have dropped their trying ways and peculiarities , as the chrysalis drops its case , and may develop all sorts of new prismatic glories . I once heard a lady say that she was afraid the society there would be rather mixed ; she was a very exclusive person ; but Solomon tells us that there is nothing new under the sun , so I suppose we shall never be without our modern Pharisees and Sadducees . The grand idea to me is that there will be room for all . I do not know when the idea first came to me that it was a mean thing to live under a man 's roof , eating his bread and warming oneself at his fire , and all the time despising him in one 's heart . I only know that one day the idea took possession of me , and , like an Eastern mustard seed , grew and flourished . Soon after that Uncle Keith had rather a serious loss — some mercantile venture in which he was interested had come to grief . I began to notice small retrenchments in the household ; certain little luxuries were given up . Now and then Aunt Agatha grew a little grave as she balanced her weekly accounts . One night I took myself to task . “ What business have you , a strong , healthy , young woman , ” I observed to myself , severely , “ to be a burthen on these good folk ? What is enough for two may be a tight fit for three ; it was that new mantle of yours , Miss Merle , that has put out the drawing-room fire for three weeks , and has shut up the sherry in the sideboard . Is it fair or right that Aunt Agatha and Uncle Keith should forego their little comforts just because an idle girl is on their hands ? ” I pondered this question heavily before I summoned courage to speak to Aunt Agatha . To my surprise she listened to me very quietly , though her soft brown eyes grew a little misty — I did so love Aunt Agatha 's eyes . “ Dear , ” she said , very gently , “ I wish this could have been prevented ; but , for my husband 's sake , I dare not throw cold water on your plan . I cannot deny that he has had a heavy loss , and that we have to be very careful . I would keep you with me if I could , Merle , for you are just like my own child , but Ezra is not young ; ” and here Aunt Agatha 's forehead grew puckered with anxiety . “ Oh , Aunt Agatha , ” I exclaimed , quite forgetting the gravity of my proposition in sudden , childish annoyance , “ how can you call Uncle Keith , Ezra ? It is such a hideous name . ” “ Not to my ears , ” she answered , quite calmly ; “ a wife never thinks her husband 's name hideous . He loves to hear me say it , and I love to please him , for though you may not believe it , Merle , I think there are very few men to compare with your uncle . ” She could actually say this to my face , looking at me all the time with those honest eyes ! I could not forbear a little shrug at this , but she turned the subject , placidly , but with much dignity . “ I have been a working bee all my life , and have been quite contented with my lot ; if you could only follow my example , I should be perfectly willing to let you go . I have thought once or twice lately that if anything were to happen to me , you and your uncle would hardly be comfortable together ; you do not study him sufficiently ; you have no idea what he really is . ” I thought it better to remain silent . Aunt Agatha sighed a little as she went on . “ I am not afraid of work for you , Merle , there is no life without activity . ‘ The idle man , ’ as someone observes , ‘ spins on his own axis in the dark . ’ ‘ A man of mere capacity undeveloped , ’ as Emerson says , ‘ is only an organised daydream with a skin on it . ’ Just listen to this , ” opening a book that lay near her . “ ‘ Action and enjoyment are contingent upon each other . When we are unfit for work we are always incapable of pleasure ; work is the wooing by which happiness is won . ’ ” “ Yes , yes , ” I returned , rather impatiently , for Aunt Agatha , with all her perfections , was too much given to proverbial and discursive philosophy ; “ but to reduce this to practice , what work can I do in this weary world ? ” “ You cannot be a governess , not even a nursery governess , Merle , ” and here Aunt Agatha looked at me very gently , as though she knew her words must give me pain , and suddenly my cheeks grew hot and my eyelids drooped . Alas ! I knew too well what Aunt Agatha meant ; this was a sore point , the great difficulty and stumbling block of my young life . I had been well taught in a good school ; I had had unusual advantages , for Aunt Agatha was an accomplished and clever woman , and spared no pains with me in her leisure hours ; but by some freak of Nature , not such an unusual thing as people would have us believe , from some want of power in the brain — at least , so a clever man has since told me — I was unable to master more than the rudiments of spelling . I know some people would laugh incredulously at this , but the fact will remain . As a child I have lain sobbing on my bed , beaten down by a very anguish of humiliation at being unable to commit the column of double syllables to memory , and have only been comforted by Aunt Agatha 's patience and gentleness . At school I had a severer ordeal . For a long time my teachers refused to admit my incapacity ; they preferred attributing it to idleness , stubbornness , and want of attention ; even Aunt Agatha was puzzled by it , for I was a quick child in other things , could draw very well for my age , and could accomplish wonders in needlework , was a fair scholar in history and geography , soon acquired a good French accent , and did some of my lessons most creditably . But the construction of words baffle me to this day . I should be unwilling to write the simplest letter without a dictionary lying snugly near my hand . I have learned to look my misfortune in the face , and to bear it with tolerable grace . With my acquaintances it is a standing joke , with my nearest and dearest friends it is merely an opportunity for kindly service and offers to write from my dictation , but when I was growing into womanhood it was a bitter and most shameful trial to me , one secretly lamented with hot tears and with a most grievous sense of humiliation . “ No , ” Aunt Agatha repeated , in the old pitying voice I knew so well , “ you cannot be even a nursery governess , Merle . ” “ Nor a companion either , ” I exclaimed bitterly . “ Old ladies want letters written for them . ” “ That is very true , ” she replied , shaking her head . “ I could be a nurse in a hospital — in fact , that is what I should like , but the training could not be afforded , it would be a pound a week , Aunt Agatha , and there would be my uniform and other expenses , and I should not get the smallest salary for at least two or three years . ” “ I am afraid we must not think of that , Merle , ” and then I relapsed into silence from sheer sadness of heart . I had always so longed to be trained in a hospital , and then I could nurse wounded soldiers or little children . I always loved little children . But this idea must be given up , and yet it would not have mattered in a hospital if I had spelt “ all-right ” with one “ l . ” I am quite sure my bandages would have been considered perfect , and that would have been more to the point . ( To be continued .) THE AMATEUR CHURCH ORGANIST . BY THE HON . VICTORIA GROSVENOR . We believe that young people generally have a desire to be useful . Sometimes not an actually formulated desire , but a vague intention which they mean some day shall have a practical issue , when and how they do not quite know , or in what way . It is proposed in this article to point out one means of eminent usefulness — i. e ., that of amateur organ playing in our churches . It is scarcely necessary to show what a large field of good useful work is open to amateurs in this direction . We all know that on the one hand parishes wholly agricultural — the other suburban parishes in large towns — are utterly unable to pay for the services of a professional player ; while there is nothing so calculated to lift up the heart of the congregations such as these are likely to obtain , as good music . Would it not therefore be a pleasant duty for anyone gifted with musical talent and leisure to qualify in the best manner possible for this ennobling and helpful occupation ? The intending organ-player must ascertain that he or she has a gift for music , and this need not be of the highest order , as even a small portion of the gift can be improved with care , and fostered into usefulness . A first rate ear can be a snare to those who trust to it too much — although it is undoubtedly the best of servants , if kept in its proper sphere of work . A very ordinary measure of talent , supplemented by calm and good sense , clear power of thought , and determined perseverance , will be a good foundation to start with . Good sense and attention have more to do with the good music of ordinary persons ( as opposed , we mean , to remarkably clever ones ) than people are apt to think . It was said of Mendelssohn that music was the accident of his being ; and there are many of whom the same could be said , with this meaning — i. e ., that the powers which make them succeed in music would enable them to succeed in other great things if attempted . We will therefore suppose the case of a young lady possessing a moderate gift for music , desiring to improve it and herself , and to take up organ playing with a view to real usefulness . She should first find out whether her playing on the piano is perfectly correct , taking the easiest possible music to exercise herself upon , and trying whether her musical ear is competent to be her teacher in the matter of correctness . If neither steady attention nor ear enable her to discover mistakes , she had better consider that music is not the talent God has given her to use to His glory . A musical ear may , however , be much improved by its possessor . With even the smallest of voices she should join a choir or madrigal society and learn to sing at sight . She should , when listening to a musical performance , try to guess its key . She should endeavour to know , without seeing , the sound and name of single notes on the piano , practising herself with her eyes shut . It is good practice , also , to take an easy chant or hymn tune , hitherto unknown , and try to get some idea of its melody and harmony without playing it . When all this is done , one of the most important tasks remains : that of mastering time in all its branches . Slovenliness in this particular is fatal to all music , above all to that for the organ , which is meant to guide and control . A feeling for rhythm and a quick-sighted accurate knowledge of time , may be much improved by playing with others , either duets on the piano , or accompaniments to voice or instrument . The player should compel herself to account for the time reason of every passage slowly , until she is able to do so with rapidity and precision at sight . At this point it may be well to begin lessons on the organ , taking great pains to become familiar with the technical part of the instrument , the names of stops and meaning of these names , mechanism and its use . Then will come the careful practice of pedals , which are at first so absolutely bewildering that amateurs are filled with despair at the apparent impossibilities they are asked to face with hope . Into the teacher 's work it is not our province to go ; but we would ask the learner to be armed with courage and perseverance , and to practise patiently . Success is more than likely . We now proceed with advice to one possessed of some knowledge of organ-playing and some acquaintance with its technical capabilities . First , we should say — Play on all available instruments , as no two are alike , and the stops are called by many different names , which must be identified quickly as emergencies arise . Then acquire a knowledge of harmony , specially useful in accompanying church music with dignity , and enabling the player to fill in chords which the vocal score ( or voice parts ) have left thin and ineffective . Volumes might be written on accompaniments ; but on this subject we would advise amateurs to consult heart , head , and common sense , and we would recommend them to read Dr. Bridge 's “ Organ Accompaniment , ” one of Novello 's music primers , which will open out to them many possibilities , on the use of which they must decide for themselves according to their technical ability and the effect they aim at . It may be they can only try to pull a few weak voices through the singing allotted to them — in which case a strong , steady accompaniment of the simplest description is the best . One word on voluntaries . These should be chosen with great care and the deepest respect for the church and the instrument , and kept well within the powers of the player . Amateurs do not as a rule obtain much control of their nerves , and the greatest help in the world is given by the knowledge that there is not a “ difficult bit ” coming . Voluntary books are not quite to be trusted , as their selection often contains operatic music very unfit for organ or church ; but they generally contain some pieces of a sacred and dignified character , which may be useful . It is also dangerous for the inexperienced to plunge into easy arrangements of unknown music , taking perhaps wrong views of the time , and sometimes making the more experienced listener smile , if nothing worse , at the curious rendering of some well-known air , jumbled up with its obbligato accompaniment , the existence of which was entirely unknown to the poor player . Every organist should possess a metronome , and carefully ascertain with it the correct time of any music intended for use in public . Finally , if every small action is to be done to the glory of God , how much more the playing in His church ! Let none take this noble work in hand without a desire to give , in its degree , the best work that can be given in absolute self-renunciation , humility , and reverence . Illustration EVERY GIRL A BUSINESS WOMAN . A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO THE WORLD OF INDUSTRY AND THRIFT . BY JAMES MASON . PART I . Every girl who is guided by common sense will aim at becoming a business woman . That is to say , she will try to cultivate habits of order , industry , perseverance , method , and punctuality , and will do her best to learn how to conduct formal correspondence , how to keep accounts , how to manage money , and what to do with savings . Besides this , she will make a point of knowing something about the laws relating to domestic life — the renting of houses and the employment of servants , for example — and she will push her inquiries in every direction , so as to acquire not only the right way of doing things , but the right way of forming a judgment upon them . A wise girl will thus greatly increase her usefulness in the world . She will be able to take part in the affairs of life with pleasure to herself and without being a trouble and hindrance to her neighbours . Another advantage may be pointed out . There are always people trying to get the better of those who know nothing , and their victims more often than not are ladies . It is easy to fall a prey to rogues and sharpers if one is ignorant of business , especially when nature has made women kind-hearted and experience has not rendered them suspicious . As a protection , there is nothing like being a business woman . Perhaps someone may say that “ business woman ” has a hard sound , and stands for a character precise , selfish , and uninteresting . That is not what we intend by it at all . Is a girl to be less loveable , less gentle , less charming , whenever we cease to say of her , That girl , in regard to all the ways of business , is a perfect simpleton ? On the contrary , business is a fine training-school for many virtues ; and of all good women , a good business woman may be reckoned the very best . Our articles are intended to be of use to two classes of girls . The first consists of those who either have or are likely to have a little money of their own , and need to know how to manage it and how to regulate those affairs which money always brings in its train . By ignorance of business many a useful life of this class as been marred . The second is made up of girls who have to earn their own living and make their own way in the world . These have a special need to know something about business . People as a rule are valuable in proportion to their knowledge — those who know nothing being simply worth nothing . One great reason for the work of girls and women being poorly paid , is that few know anything about either the principles or the practice of the most ordinary business affairs . We shall try in these articles to put girls in future on a better footing , and to make them in business equal , at any rate , to any average men . In this way there is a good chance of doubling their usefulness and value , and of more than doubling their independence . Nothing is done all at once , and in business , as in everything else , if you mean to build high you must begin low . A girl who wishes to be a business woman must start with accumulating the same sort of knowledge as an office-boy . We shall therefore try to deal with the subject simply and from the very beginning . You may sometimes be tempted to say , “ Oh , we knew that before , ” but another girl may not have been so fortunate , and her ignorance must be taken as our reason for pointing out what appears to be familiar facts . We begin with the subject of business letters , and the first thing we shall say about them is — Be very particular about their appearance . There is a proverb , to be sure , warning us that appearances are deceitful , but that proverb is only true occasionally ; in general we may safely draw an inference as to the writer from the look of her letter . An ill-folded , clumsy , up-and-down-hill , blotted , greasy-looking letter almost certainly comes from an untidy house and a stupid girl , whereas a neat , carefully-written epistle suggests just as surely the opposite . In friendly letters our correspondents know something about us beforehand , but in business we may be writing to perfect strangers , who can only judge of us by the figure we cut on a sheet of note-paper . To secure prompt attention and a polite reply , no plan works so well as putting good taste into the appearance of letters . They are really a part of ourselves , and a girl should as soon think of sending them marked with carelessness to either a friend or a stranger as of going to make a call in a patched frock , a faded hat , and gloves with holes . An indispensable point in a business letter is to have the meaning quite clear . It must say exactly what the writer intends , leaving nothing to be guessed at . And after clearness the next point is shortness . A brief letter makes far more impression than a long one , besides which it usually gets attended to at once . We have known a man open a lady 's letter on a matter of business , and , seeing it a long rigmarole , put it at once in his pocket and let it lie there forgotten for a week . That long letters receive most notice is a mistake into which girls fall very often , but she who aspires to be a real business woman must give herself to the study of such short epistles as that of the officer who sent in as his official report , “ Sir ,— I have the honour to inform you that I have just shot a man who came to kill me .— Your obedient servant , ——. ” All letters should be headed with the address from which they were written , the day of the month , and the year ; in this way :— 2 , Ireland Avenue , Stratford-on-Avon , 9th October , 1886 . It is an irritating peculiarity with many people unaccustomed to business to be careless on this point . Common sense suggests that they should mend their ways , and by putting the date and a full address on every letter , save their correspondents sometimes a good deal of trouble . There is a short way , occasionally employed , of writing the date ; for example , 4 / 7 / 86 ; meaning the 4th day of the 7th month ( July , that is ) of 1886 . This contraction — which is improved by having the month put in Roman figures ( as , 4 / vii . / 86 ) — is handy now and again , but it does not strike one as looking particularly well at the head of a letter . Put the name of the person to whom the letter is written at the beginning or the end . Long ago , when envelopes were not in use , this did not matter so much , because the name of the person addressed could be seen by turning to the postal direction ; but nowadays the envelope bearing the address is dropped into the waste-paper basket , and a second address is required to give the letter completeness , and enable third parties , perhaps , to understand it . As to how to begin , whether “ Sir ” or “ Madam , ” or “ Dear Sir ” or “ Dear Madam , ” everyone may please herself , only taking note that the “ Dear ” should be omitted when any special reason exists for being distant and formal . Not , however , that the word when used in a business letter has anything of an affectionate meaning . It is just one of the drops of oil used to keep the machinery of human intercourse working smoothly . Perhaps it originally crept in to soften the sharp effect of “ Sir , ” which sounds for all the world as if it would snap a correspondent 's head off . “ Dear Sir ” and “ Dear Sirs ” are both right , but “ Dear Gentlemen ” is not , though there seems no reason against it . If you begin “ Sir ” you must not end “ I remain , dear sir . ” The beginning and the end should be all of a piece , and in both places the same form of address should be used . In concluding a business letter you may say “ yours respectfully , ” or “ your obedient servant , ” or “ yours truly , ” or “ yours faithfully , ” according to the degree of intimacy existing between you and your correspondent . But really there are no very nice distinctions to be observed between such phrases , and their use may safely be left to every girl 's common sense and discretion . Take pains to sign your name always so that people can read it . Some , out of pure affectation , conceal what they call themselves under a scribble which none can read — “ a hopeless puzzle of intemperate scratches . ” How is a stranger , getting a letter signed in this way , to know to whom to send a reply , unless , as is sometimes done , he cuts out the signature , pastes it on the envelope , and adds the address ? But illegible signatures , it must be confessed , are more often a man 's folly than a woman 's . Always , too , sign your name the same way : get into the habit of it . Do n't let it be to-day “ Mary G. Snodham , ” and to-morrow “ Mary Snodham , ” and the day after “ M. G. Snodham . ” If character comes out anywhere in writing , it is in the signature , and it ought to be every day the same , the same in words , the same in writing , and the same in flourishes — that is to say , if there are any flourishes . When you send a Post Office order to anyone , however , you may make an exception to this rule . It is a good plan to sign a letter accompanying such an order with initials only . When this is done , should the letter fall into the hands of dishonest people , the chances are considerably reduced of their knowing the name of the sender so as to get payment of the order . In getting the money for a Post Office order it is always necessary , as perhaps you know , to tell at the post-office who sent it . When you ( we shall call you Elizabeth Fisher ) are asked to write a letter in the name of another person ( call her Janet Constable ) , how should you sign it ? Not , certainly , by just writing Janet Constable ; that would be highly improper . To put another person 's name to any letter or document whatever , even in fun , is not even to be dreamt about . You must sign — Yours truly , for JANET CONSTABLE , ELIZABETH FISHER . Or , if you like it better — Yours respectfully , JANET CONSTABLE , p. ELIZABETH FISHER . In this case the p. stands for per , and means that Janet Constable signs the letter by or through you . You may write per in full , if you like . Sometimes you may have to write inquiring about the character of people or their standing from a money point of view . In doing so , put the name or names on a slip of paper and gum it at the foot of your letter , so that it can be easily torn off . Your correspondent can then at once destroy the slip , and should your letter or her reply afterwards be read by other people , they will probably be none the wiser , for they will only see in your letter an inquiry regarding the person or persons “ noted at foot , ” and in hers an answer about the person or persons “ about whom you inquire . ” All enclosures sent in a letter should be mentioned in a note in the left-hand bottom corner after signing one 's name . Thus :— Enclosed : Postal Order , 10s . 6d . Recipe for cooking rattlesnakes . Pattern : the Tullochgorum mantle . We have spoken about the clearness and brevity required in business letters , but to the subject of style a few lines more may be devoted . Business letters are of necessity dry and matter-of-fact , and in writing them no time should be lost in hunting for fine expressions . They should contain politeness , but light and airy sentences are worse than thrown away . “ Accuracy of expression , ” says Mr. George Seton , in his pleasant “ Gossip about Letters and Letter-writers , ” “ as distinguished from looseness and slovenliness of statement , is of the utmost consequence — not only with the view of saving the time of one 's correspondent , but also to prevent what may prove a very serious misunderstanding . I have known many cases of prolonged litigation which were chiefly owing to some doubtful or equivocal expressions in the course of a business correspondence . ” There are many phrases peculiar to business letters — formal beginnings , for example , such as — “ I am favoured with yours of 14th curt . ” “ I duly received your favour of 19th inst . ” “ I am in receipt of your lines of y'day , and note that , & c . ” “ I beg to confirm my last respects of 25th ult . ” “ I beg to confirm my letter of yesterday . ” These phrases and many others which will appear in the course of these articles may seem formal enough , but we must not expect in business to meet with the language of story-books . A common business term is “ advice , ” used to mean information sent by letter . For example : “ I wait your advice as to the despatch of the parcel . ” A funny misunderstanding of the word occurred recently , when a provincial postmaster , new to his duties , in the United States , sent the following communication to the Postmaster-General :— “ Seeing by the regulations that I am required to send you a letter of advice , I must plead in excuse that I have been postmaster but a short time ; but I will say , if your office pays no better than mine , I advise you to give it up . ” Every subject mentioned in a letter should have a separate paragraph . Very formal , you may say . Perhaps ; but it is also very clear . Always acknowledge receipt of business letters at the earliest possible opportunity . If they come with money , an acknowledgment ought to be sent by return of post , that is to say , by the first post after they arrive . The same rule may safely be applied to letters coming with any enclosure whatever . Sometimes delay may be of no consequence , but to answer at once will at any rate get you the credit of courtesy . Of all business letters a copy should be kept . If you write few they may be copied by hand into a book kept for the purpose , but if many the use of a copying-press saves a great deal of monotonous labour , and secures absolute accuracy besides . The way to use a copying-press is this . Write the letter with copying-ink . Then put a sheet of oiled paper under the leaf of the letter-book on which you wish to take the copy . Letter-books of thin paper are sold for the purpose . Wet the leaf with a brush or soft sponge . On the top of the wet leaf put a sheet of blotting paper , and on the top of that another sheet of oiled paper . Then shut the book , put it in the press , and give it a squeeze for a second to take off the superfluous moisture . Take out the book , remove the blotting-paper and the top sheet of oiled paper , and in their place put your letter face downwards on the damp page . Shut the book , put it back into the copying-press , give it a hard squeeze by means of the lever or screw , leave it in from half a minute to a minute , and the whole thing is done ; an exact copy of the letter will be left in your letter-book . A letter being written and copied , has to be posted ; but before being posted it must be addressed . The address should be written neatly and plainly , neither too high up nor too low down . To say , Be sure to put the direction on your letters is not unnecessary advice . Thousands of letters are posted every year without any address whatever . In the year ending 31st March , 1886 , there were no fewer than 26 , 228 of them , and of this large number 1 , 620 contained cash and cheques to the amount , in all , of £ 3 , 733 17s . 5d . Be sure , too , that your letters are properly fastened . On this subject , hear Mr. George Seton . “ There is , ” he says , “ no real security in wafers , and probably still less in adhesive envelopes , which are now in almost universal use . Both may easily be loosened by the application of either water or steam . The best mode of securing a letter is first to wafer it and then seal it with wax . When , however , an adhesive envelope is used , the proper course is to damp , rather than wet , both sides of the flap before pressing it down ; and if the paper is very thick , the upper side should be again damped after being pressed down . ” Insufficient and wrong addresses occasion a great deal of trouble to the Post Office officials , and this trouble one of the present Postmaster-General 's predecessors remarks , with some pathos , “ ought scarcely to be given to make up for what generally arises from the carelessness of the writers , without an additional charge . ” Last year , through some fault in the addresses , no fewer than 12 , 822 , 067 letters , postcards , newspapers , and parcels were received in the returned letter offices . As an example of an insufficiently-addressed letter , we may mention one the subject of a complaint made by a Mrs. Jones of Newmarket . She stated that a letter had been posted to her , but had not reached her . It appeared , however , on inquiry , that there were twenty-nine Mrs. Joneses at the place , and that there was nothing in the address to help the postman to decide between their several claims . When money or anything of value is sent through the post , the letter in which it goes should be registered . By this means we can be almost absolutely sure of its travelling safely . The fee for a registered letter was at one time half-a-crown , and not so long ago was a shilling . In 1878 it was reduced from 4d . to 2d . Not only has the fee been reduced to what may be thought the lowest possible point , but registered letter envelopes are now sold in different and convenient sizes . The Post Office also undertakes to make good , under certain reasonable conditions , up to £ 2 the value of any registered letter which it loses . If people who have these facilities for sending letters securely provided for them choose to run the risk of loss , they deserve very little sympathy if the chance goes against them . Last year an unregistered letter containing a cheque was alleged to have been stolen in the post . It was found , however , to have been duly delivered by being pushed under the front door , and afterwards to have been torn in pieces by some puppies inside the house . The fragments were in the end discovered in the straw of the dog-kennel . Now , had the sender only spent 2d . in registering this letter , a receipt would have been taken on its delivery , and all chance of its falling into the paws of the puppies would have been prevented . But it is wonderful what people , penny-wise and pound foolish , will sometimes do to save 2d . A few years back the sealing-wax on a letter was found to contain £ 1 10s . in gold coins . There could hardly be a more stupid way of sending money . If coin , or watches , or jewellery are posted in letters or packets without registration , and the fact is discovered , the Post Office people bring into force a system of registration by compulsion , and on delivery charge a fee of 8d . in addition to the ordinary postage . When coins are sent in a letter they should on no account be put in loose , but should be packed so as to move about as little as possible . The best way is to take a card , and , cutting quite through to the other side , make a cross on it for each coin ; then slip the coin into the cross , so that it is held in its place by the tongues of cardboard , two on each side . Who owns letters whilst they are in the post ? In Great Britain the ownership of a letter whilst it is in the post lies in the Queen , as represented by her Postmaster-General and her Secretary of State . “ Neither the sender nor the person to whom it is sent can claim to interfere with a letter whilst it is in the Post Office . Only the warrant of a Secretary of State can stay its delivery . ” Once a letter is dropped into a letter-box it is like a spoken word , it cannot be recalled . After letters come postcards , which were introduced into this country in October , 1870 , and have proved a great convenience to many people , saving them both time and money . By means of reply postcards you can make sure of an answer from a correspondent without putting her to any expense or to any trouble worth mentioning . The back of the postcard is for the message ; nothing must be put on the front except the address . This limitation of space is useful for the cultivation of brevity ; but those who have a great deal to say may derive consolation from the fact that on the back of a postcard you can , by writing small , easily put at least four hundred and sixty words ! We do not , however , say that such a performance , good enough for amusement , would be like that of a woman of business . All business letters ought to be preserved . They should be folded neatly longways and all of a size , and docketed , as it is called — that is to say , the date and the name of the sender and his ( or her ) address , and the subject , should be put on the back thus : 6th September , 1886 . MARTIN ROSE AND CO ., Liverpool . Remittance , £ 10 19s . 2d . Do not , however , crowd these particulars together , as has been done here for convenience in printing ; leave a considerable space between the first and second , and the third and fourth lines . When letters are folded and docketed they should be tied up in the order of their dates , or put away in pigeon holes under the different letters of the alphabet . One can never tell when it may be necessary to refer to old letters on matters of business , so it is prudent to keep them all . Doing so and turning them over occasionally is also useful for giving us a humble opinion of ourselves ; we see by the light of additional experience how we might often have managed things much better than we did . Besides letters and postcards , telegrams furnish another means of communication . For a telegram sent to any place in the United Kingdom , the charge is sixpence for the first twelve words , and a halfpenny for every word after the first twelve . Addresses are charged for , so a sixpennyworth of telegraphing does not represent a long message , but by ingenuity — and a business woman is nothing without ingenuity — a few words may be made to mean a great deal . The cost of a reply to a telegram may be prepaid . About the newspaper post , the book post , and the parcel post , not much need be said . Always be careful about wrappers . A great many newspapers and books escape from their wrappers every day , and land in the returned letter office . In sending parcels the packing is often a weak point ; it is not so much that people are either handless or stupid , they are just thoughtless . “ It must be borne in mind , ” says the Postmaster-General , “ although , of course , every care will be taken by the officers , that a parcel with fragile or perishable contents must be several times handled before it reaches its destination , and will probably have to be packed with many others of a different kind and shape , or more weighty and bulky . Eggs , butter , and fruit , especially delicate fruit , such as grapes and peaches , should be placed in strong boxes and so placed as not to shift . Fresh flowers should be carefully packed in strong boxes ; but cardboard boxes should not be used for the purpose , as they are often reduced to pulp by the moisture which exudes from the contents . Fish or game should be carefully packed in strong boxes , or hampers , or in perforated boxes . ” Remember that some things are forbidden to be sent by post — live animals , for instance . This prohibition is very little regarded by some people . Last year , in Dublin alone , two hens , eight mice , and two hedgehogs were stopped on their way through the post . One of the hens which was addressed to a veterinary surgeon in London , was in bad health , and though carefully attended to , died in the office . The rest of the animals were given up alive to the senders . Certificates of the posting of parcels can be got at all post offices . If you have any doubt about the trustworthiness of the person entrusted with the posting of a parcel , instructions should be given to bring back a receipt . A few months ago the Post Office was charged at Liverpool with the non-delivery of a bottle of wine and a box of figs . It turned out , however , that the missing goods had never come under its charge , the person to whom the packet had been given to post having eaten the figs and drunk the wine . Parcels can also be insured against loss and damage by the payment of a small sum . Paying a penny insures to the extent of £ 5 and twopence to the amount of £ 10 . In order to understand the outs and ins of the Post Office — and it is a subject with which every sensible person should be familiar — let a girl invest sixpence in a copy of the Post Office Guide , a publication of which an edition is issued every quarter . She will there find everything necessary to be known about the posting of letters , postcards , newspapers , book packets , and parcels to places in the United Kingdom , or abroad , the sending of telegrams , the rates for money and postal orders , and the regulations of the Savings Bank . To turn over its 300 pages or so is decidedly interesting . One sees what a complicated machinery is now employed for the convenience of the public , what wonders — to speak of letters alone — can be done for a penny , and how thousands of miles can be reduced to insignificance by the magic of twopence-halfpenny . In the twelve months from the 31st of March , 1885 , to the same day of this year , the number of letters delivered in the United Kingdom was 1 , 403 , 547 , 900 , giving an average of 38. 6 to each person in the kingdom . The total number of postcards was 171 , 290 , 000 . Adding to the letters and postcards the book-packets , newspapers , and parcels which passed through the Post Office during the twelve months , we have a grand total of 2 , 091 , 183 , 822 , which shows an average to each person of 57. 5 . VARIETIES . THE “ WOMAN OF STENAY . ” “ And so you have not heard the story of the ‘ Woman of Stenay ’ ? ” said a Lorraine peasant . “ It was in war-time , and she offered a barrel of wine to a detachment of Austrians , saying — “ ‘ You are thirsty , friends . Drink . You are welcome to all my store . ’ And as she spoke she drank a cupful in their honour . “ The soldiers accepted with pleasure , and in a few minutes four hundred men were writhing on the ground in agony . “ Then the ‘ Woman of Stenay ’ rose , and with her dying breath shrieked out — “ ‘ You are all poisoned ! Vive la France ! ’ “ She then fell back a corpse . ” This is the legend of Lorraine , and the memory of its heroine is revered by the peasantry as highly as that of Charlotte Corday . SINGING SERVANTS . Tusser , in his “ Points of Huswifry united to the Comforts of Husbandry , ” published in 1570 , recommends the country housewife to select servants who sing at their work as being usually the most painstaking and the best . He says — “ Such servants are oftenest painful and good That sing in their labour , as birds in the wood . ” A HINT FOR WORKERS .— St . Bernard has said that the more he prayed and read his Bible the better he did his ordinary work and the more clearly and regularly did he conduct his correspondence . An increase of private devotion will be found not to lessen one 's power of work or one 's efficiency in ordinary duties . OUR OWN SELVES .— How can you learn self-knowledge ? Never by meditation , but best by action . Try to do your duty , and you will soon find what you are worth . What is your duty ? The exigency of the day .— Goethe . USELESS ANXIETY .— I shall add to my list as the eighth deadly sin that of anxiety of mind , and resolve not to be pining and miserable when I ought to be grateful and happy .— Sir Thomas Barnard . THE MOONLIGHT SONATA .— The “ Moonlight Sonata ” is an absurd title which has for years been attached , both in Germany and England , to one of Beethoven 's sonatas . It is said to have been derived from the expression of a German critic comparing the first movement to a boat wandering by moonlight on the Lake of Lucerne . THE SHEPHERD 'S FAIRY THE SHEPHERD 'S FAIRY A PASTORALE . BY DARLEY DALE , Author of “ Fair Katherine , ” etc . CHAPTER I . THE FAIRY 'S ORIGIN . “ Die Eifersucht ist eine Leidenschaft der mit Eifer sucht muss Leiden schaffen . ” — German Proverb . Very many years ago , in a valley a few miles from the coast , there stood a French ch â teau , beautifully situated in a handsome park near the Norman village of Carolles . The rich woodland scenery , the green pastures with their large wild fences now laden with wild roses ; the shady lanes , whose banks will soon be covered with the long , bright green fronds of the hartstongue , and the delicate drooping trichomanes ; the fine timber , and the picturesque farmhouses with their thatched roofs nestling in the valleys — all tend to give a home-like English air to the scenery of Normandy . And the district in which the Ch â teau de Thorens stands possesses all these attractions for an English eye . Not that any English people lived in the ch â teau ; the De Thorens were French , or rather Norman , to the backbone , descended from the great duke , and proud as Lucifer of their birth . Pride and poverty are generally supposed to go together ; and though poor is perhaps hardly the word to apply to people who could afford to live in the ease and luxury which prevailed at Ch â teau de Thorens , yet for their rank the De Thorens were not rich , and , consequently , after the fashion of many French families , there were three generations of them now all living under the ancestral roof . First there was the old baroness , a picturesque old lady with very white hair and piercing black eyes , with whom we have very little to do ; then there was her eldest son , the present baron , for his father had been dead some years , and his beautiful young wife , whom he was so passionately fond of that he was jealous — dreadfully jealous — of her love for her baby , a little girl a few months old ; and , lastly , there were the baron 's three younger brothers , who with P è re Yvon , the chaplain , made up the family party . The two younger brothers were mere boys , still under P è re Yvon 's charge , for he acted as tutor to them as well as chaplain ; but L é on de Thorens was a young man of five-and-twenty , only a year or two younger than the baron . He was a fine , handsome man , tall and thin , with his mother 's fine black eyes and small well-cut nose and mouth . He was of a bold , reckless nature , full of animal spirits , the very life of the house when he was at home , which was seldom , as he owned a yacht , in which he spent a great deal of his time . He was his mother 's favourite son , and both he and she had often privately regretted that he was not the eldest . The baron was smaller and fairer than L é on , and not so handsome , though there was a strong family likeness between the brothers . He was of a quieter disposition , and his restlessness took an intellectual rather than a physical form , his wanderings being confined to the shelves of the valuable library which the ch â teau boasted , instead of extending over the seas on which L é on spent so much of his time . The baron 's studious nature had endeared him very much to P è re Yvon , with whom he was a prime favourite , and who had never shown him any of the severity of which the other brothers often complained , but , on the contrary , had erred on the opposite side with the baron , whose wishes had never been crossed in any way , and who had grown up to think himself the one important person in the world to whom the convenience of everyone else must be sacrificed . For the first year of their married life the pretty baroness had contributed as much as P è re Yvon to spoil her husband , whose every whim she had humoured until her baby was born , and then , much to his astonishment , the baron found that his beautiful , gentle wife had a will of her own , and , what was still worse in his eyes , a large place in her heart for someone else besides himself , and although that someone else was only his infant daughter , the baron was jealous . In vain had he urged that the baby should be sent away to some peasant to nurse until it was a year or two old , as he and all his brothers had been , after a very common custom in French families . No , the baroness would not hear of such a thing ; she could not live without her baby , and every moment she could spare she spent by its cradle . Indeed , so infatuated was she with her new possession , whose every movement was a delight to her , that she did not notice the baron became daily more and more morose , and that an ominous frown had settled on his fine forehead , while his mouth was closed with a determination that boded ill for his wife and daughter . But the baroness lived so much in her child that she did not observe the change in her husband ; and as he never allowed the baby to be brought into his presence , the baroness saw but little of him except at meals , when all the others were present , and L é on 's wild spirits covered his brother 's depression and silence . At last , one fine June morning , matters reached a climax , when the family sat down to their one o'clock d é jeuner . The baroness was late ; the first course was finished , and still she did not appear . “ Where is Mathilde , Arnaut ? ” asked the old baroness . “ I do n't know , ” said the baron , sulkily . “ I do , ” said L é on ; “ she is worshipping at the shrine of that precious baby of yours , Arnaut . Why on earth do n't you send it away till it is old enough to amuse us ? ” “ Go and tell Madame la Baronne the soup is already finished , ” said the baron to a servant at his elbow ; but he vouchsafed no further answer . “ I think Arnaut has suggested that the baby should be sent away , but Mathilde objects , ” remarked the old baroness . “ Send it away without asking her , then . Give her a pug instead ; it will be much more amusing , and not half the trouble the baby is , ” said L é on . Here the servant returned to say madame would take her d é jeuner in the nursery , as the nurse was out and she could not leave the baby . “ Really , Mathilde is too absurd , when there are at least three or four other servants in the house who could look after the baby as well as the nurse , ” said the old baroness , helping herself to some omelette . “ She is mad , ” muttered the baron , angrily . “ Quite , all women are ; there can be no doubt about that . Look here , Arnaut , it is quite clear if you do n't send that infant away , you might just as well live en gar ç on , like me , as I foresee you wo n't have much of Mathilde 's society now , ” said L é on . “ It does not require much foresight to predict that , ” said the baron , bitterly . “ Well , if Mathilde wo n't send it away , just hand it over to me the next time I take a cruise , which will be as soon as ever there is wind enough to fill my sails , and I 'll place the child somewhere where there is no fear of Mathilde getting it again till it is of a reasonable age , ” said L é on . The idea of handing the baby over to the tender mercies of L é on struck them all as so comic that a general laugh , in which all but the baron joined , greeted this speech , which was forgotten as soon as it was uttered by the speaker . A few days after L é on announced that he was going on board his yacht that evening ; a south wind was blowing , and he should take a cruise up the Channel . Would the baron go with him ? They were sure to have fine weather , and it would be delightful at sea in this heat . The baron declined the invitation , as he was a wretched sailor ; but that evening , when he and L é on were smoking after dinner , he said , suddenly , “ Where are you going , L é on ? ” “ I do n't know ; it depends on the wind . I may run over to England , or I may only go to the Channel Isles . I shall see . ” “ Shall you touch anywhere ? ” “ Oh , yes , I shall go ashore ; I sha n't take provisions for more than a week . Why ? ” The baron looked round the verandah in which they were sitting to make sure that they were alone , and having satisfied himself of this he leant forward and said , in a half-whisper , “ Tiens , L é on ! Will you help me ? I am determined to stand it no longer ; it is wearing my life out ; I have not a moment 's peace . If I do n't get rid of it I believe I shall go mad . ” “ What is it you are talking of ? I 'll help you if I can , but what is wearing your life out ? ” said L é on . THE BARONESS . “ The baby , of course , ” said the baron . “ The baby ! Well , but what do you want me to do with that ! I can n't kill it , you know . ” “ Of course not , but you said in joke the other day you would take it with you on one of your trips , and put it out to nurse . I wish to heaven , L é on , you 'd do it in reality . It is no use my sending it to anyone near here ; Mathilde would go after it the next day . My only chance is to send it somewhere where it will be safe , of course , and well looked after , but where Mathilde can n't go after it , and as she would go to the end of the world for it if she knew where it was , it must go where she can n't find it ; she must not know where it is . No one , indeed , need know but you , for as far as I am concerned the less I know about it at present the better ; it has spoilt all my happiness . Mathilde is so wrapped up in that child she does not care a fig for me now ; in fact , I rarely see her . If you can only put that infant safely out of our way for a year or two , I 'll never forget it , L é on . ” “ Are you in real sober earnest , Arnaut ? ” asked L é on , who , in his astonishment , had risen to his feet , and was puffing away vigorously at his cigar . “ Of course I am . I am willing to pay handsomely for it , and I shall depend upon you putting it where it will be well taken care of . As for all the rest , I leave it to you to take it where you like — Australia if you wish , only do n't tell me where it is , or I might cut my own throat by telling Mathilde if she makes a great scene , as she will when it is gone . Will you do it , L é on ? ” “ Whew ! ” whistled L é on . “ I do n't care for the work , for if anything should happen to the child Mathilde would never forgive me nor you either . However , if you insist , I think I could manage it , but as I am going to start in two or three hours , there is not much time . I must go down to the yacht and speak to my men first . If I may tell them I am taking the child by your express wish I could manage it , I think . The next difficulty is where to take it , but I have an idea about that , so I 'll be off now , and see what I can arrange . I shall ride , so I shall be back in an hour . ” “ Tell them anything you like , except not to let anyone know where you leave the child , ” replied the baron , as L é on started on an errand which , in spite of his protest to the contrary , was thoroughly after his own heart ; indeed , any mad freak such as this was quite in his line . Among his crew he had an English sailor who acted as carpenter , and , as L é on often said , was worth two or three French sailors in a gale or an emergency . He knew the Channel , too , as well as a pilot , and , indeed often acted in that capacity ; he was an honest , trustworthy man — at least , so L é on thought ; and as he rode over the hills to Carolles , he decided to take this man into his confidence , and see if he could help him ; it was possible this Englishman knew of some of his own countrywomen who would undertake the charge of the child . Accordingly , when he reached his yacht , L é on called for John Smith , and had a long conversation with him in English , which he spoke fairly well , the result of which was the carpenter , after a little thought , declared he knew of a shepherd and his wife in Sussex who , he felt sure , would undertake the charge of the child ; his only fear was that they might have some scruples about keeping the matter a secret , and might want to know who the child was ; but if L é on would leave this to him to arrange , he could , he thought , manage it so that the shepherd should have no idea to whom the child belonged , nor why it was put into his care . “ Where does this good man live ? ” asked L é on . “ About four or five miles from Brighton , sir . The wind is favourable ; we might run across in twenty-four hours or less if it lasts , and I think it will ; we shall have the tide with us going out if we start at ten to-night , ” said the carpenter . “ Well , that is settled . Now the next point is , who is to take care of it on board ? It must be fed ; who of our men understands babies best ? ” “ I can n't undertake that , sir , but there 's Pierre Legros , he has half a dozen of his own , and when he is at home looks after them all I believe ; he ought to know all about it . ” “ Call Pierre , then . ” Pierre Legros was accordingly called , and , on hearing what was required of him , professed with pride his ability to act as nurse during the voyage ; and having commissioned him to lay in a stock of food for the baby , about which L é on 's ideas were exceedingly vague , L é on rode back to the ch â teau . The baron was on the lookout for him , and was delighted to hear all was arranged for the baby 's removal . “ I have not been idle since you have been gone . Luckily Mathilde has a headache , so I have sent her to bed , and I sat with her till she was asleep . My next care was to get rid of the nurse , so I have packed her off to Br é cy with one of the other servants for some medicine for Mathilde , and the coast is clear to the nursery now . There is only one of the housemaids with the baby , and when you are ready to start you must lose something and require her to find it while I secure the child . Lastly , I ordered the dogcart , and said I would drive you . ” “ But how about the child ? ” interrupted L é on . “ I am coming to that . Just as we are going to start , you must lose a stick or a coat . I 'll offer to go back for it , and meet you at the side door ; there is a staircase leading to the nursery close to it , down which I shall come with the baby after I have sent the housemaid who is guarding it to look for your stick . We shall be off and the baby on board before it is missed , for the girl is sure to stay gossiping with the other servants when we are off . ” “ Well , I hope you 'll succeed , but I confess I think this is the most difficult part of the affair . However , there is no time to lose ; you had better order the dogcart at once , while I go and say good-bye to mother and the boys . We must be off in twenty minutes , ” replied L é on . Half an hour later the brothers were seated in the dogcart , while the old baroness , with a shawl thrown round her head , stood on the steps under the portico to catch the last glimpse of her handsome L é on , with her two younger boys by her side , and P è re Yvon and some of the servants in the background . The groom had just let go of the horse 's bridle when L é on exclaimed — “ Wait a minute ! I have forgotten my Malacca cane . I lent it to you the other day , Arnaut . I must have it . Where shall I find it ? ” “ So you did . Here , one of you boys , run into my — but no , you 'll wake Mathilde , I 'll go myself . Here , L é on , take the reins , and drive round to the side door ; I 'll meet you there , ” said the baron , descending from the dogcart , and running into the house . ( To be continued .) FASHIONABLE EMBROIDERY . The fancy embroidery of the present day is of such varied character and make that all would-be workers will find among the diversities of stitch and material some description that suits their particular need and ingenuity . A few years ago one embroidery alone claimed attention . This was the celebrated crewel work , of which there is no fault to be found in the execution and design of its higher grades , but which , like all fancy work that becomes the rage and is cheapened and multiplied without any regard to reason , degenerated to the most impossible designs and the worst execution attainable . Thus crewel work passed away , and though the best kinds are still to be met with , it is really superseded in modern drawing-rooms by embroideries all originating in the present desire after Oriental colouring and design , but of kinds distinctly characteristic and individual . The work known as Leek embroidery recommends itself in many ways , it being very reasonable in price , easily executed , and extremely rich and handsome when finished . The foundation is Tussore silk , specially made with the pattern to be embroidered upon it printed upon the foundation , during its manufacture , and therefore indelible . The colouring of the foundation is either cream , straw , pink , blue , green , or terra-cotta , and the pattern is not printed in outline only , but filled up with indications guiding the arrangement for the centres of flowers , veins of leaves , and other distinguishing marks . To work the embroidery it is necessary to line the Tussore with fine unbleached muslin , and to work with Tussore silk and Japanese gold thread . The Tussore silk costs 1d . the skein , and is dyed in every shade of Oriental colouring . Three to four shades of a colour are used to work in a flower , and two shades of green for the leaves . The stitch is crewel-stitch worked very close . No shading about each leaf is necessary , but different greens are used for different leaves , and thus a variety of colouring is attained without trouble . Every part of the pattern , the bordering included , is worked , and only the foundation left , showing where it forms the background to the design . The gold thread is laid on as the finishing touch . It is placed round all the chief parts of the design , and sewn on as an edging with a couching stitch ; that is to say , the gold thread is held tightly stretched in its position with the left hand , while a stitch brought from the back of the material is passed over it and put down to the back again with the right hand . Lines of gold are used to mark out the border pattern , and are fastened down with the couching stitch . When sewing on the gold it is very important to keep it tightly stretched , as if put on loosely it is not effective . If the work is at all puckered , iron it with a warm but not hot iron on the wrong side before laying down the gold thread . Leek embroidery is sold by the yard in strips , varying from one inch to twelve inches in width , and costing from 6d . to 2s . the yard . These strips are used for mantelpiece borders , table borders , chair backs , and curtain bands , according to their width . They look best mounted upon plush or velveteen , but are often mounted upon Liberty 's Oriental silks , or made up as perfectly plain bands . When used for chair backs or for hanging firescreens the background should be handsome , and either ruby or dark blue in colour , and the work arranged either straight down its centre or crossing it in a number of diagonal lines . This manner of making up is newer and more effective than merely laying it on as an edging . Bands of unmounted Leek embroidery , simply lined with twill , are much used for looping up summer curtains , and give richness to the soft , creamy materials now employed for curtains . As dress trimmings Leek embroidery is good , the wide bands making a waistcoat front and the narrow the cuff trimmings . To a velveteen winter dress a waistcoat and cuffs so made are an admirable finish as long as the embroidery is kept subdued by rich colours , and the gold carefully put on , while for dinner dresses a broad panel of embroidery is carried down the skirt , and the waistcoat cut low , and no trimming required for the sleeves . Oriental embroidery cannot be made up in so many different ways as Leek embroidery , but it is quite new , and aims at reproducing early Eastern designs . The foundation material is surah silk , the silk sold in large squares as Liberty 's handkerchief being correct in colouring and texture . Upon this foundation the patterns , which all consist of single petalled flowers resembling single dahlias , sunflowers , or chrysanthemums , are worked with Oriental silk , which are silks of a thick make , but very soft and with a gloss on them similar to the gloss on floss silk . The leaves surrounding the flowers are of the shape of the jessamine , and to these are added tendrils and queer-looking bunches of seed-vessels . There is little variety in the design , as the embroidery is entirely executed in one stitch ( that of a close herringbone ) , but there is great variety and great scope for good shading in the colouring . Oriental silks are all dyed in the shades of blues , yellow pinks , terra-cotta reds , and brilliant yellows , to be seen in Eastern embroideries worked before the introduction of aniline dyes , and the consequent lapse into Imperial purples and magentas and royal blues . By a judicious use of good colours the same design can be so repeated as to look entirely different . Thus , a spray of flowers worked upon an orange-red ground , with cream , yellow , pink and pale blue colours , will be quite distinct from the same spray laid upon sea-green silk , and coloured with deep orange-reds and blues running from sky into navy blue . As before mentioned , the only stitch used is herringboning , and the only flowers single petalled ones ; but the herringboning is done so closely together that it looks like an interwoven stitch of double crossings , and the flowers are all worked in their centres in a different silk to that used on their tips , and therefore resemble double petalled flowers . The tips of each petal are wider than the commencement , and the herringboning is not taken along as a wide line of equal width , but as a curved line running small , and widening out again several times if the petal or seed-vessel is a long one . Each petal is worked separately , and the silk is never dragged or drawn tightly , but is allowed to lie easily over the foundation , and rather loosely , although the stitches follow each other so closely that nothing of the foundation can be seen where they are laid . The stems , long leaves , and large branches are worked as closely as the petals in herringbone , but tendrils and sprays are more opened out , and are given the look of single coral stitch as a variety . When shading a flower select two colours that are distinct in tone but not jarring in their contrast ; thus , cream-white used for the outer petals can be finished with pale blue , yellow pink , pure orange , or pale yellow for its centre petals ; scarlet red outside petals with black inner petals , bright blue outside petals with lemon yellow or terra-cotta red inside petals , and every one of these colours are allowable when working bunches of flowers scattered over the whole of a five o'clock teahYpppHeNcloth or fireplace curtains . The embroidery is used for table-cloths , mantel borders , and curtain brackets , knitting bags , handkerchief cases , and as a trimming to evening dresses . In all cases it requires a silk lining , and should be worked with a muslin lining beneath it . Embroidering Breton handkerchiefs is not a new description of fancy work , but it is still in vogue ; and when a lady has had sufficient patience to successfully accomplish the feat of covering every portion of the handkerchief with thick filoselle work , there is no doubt that she has produced a piece of embroidery not only handsome and durable , but that will justly hand her name down to posterity as a real worker , and not one who takes up the whim of the hour and throws it on one side as soon as it bores her . The squares made of these embroidered handkerchiefs are shown more effectually when they are lined with quilted silk and used as banner-screens than when they are bordered with wide plush and used as table-cloths . The pattern in the latter case is never seen as a whole , and the beauty of the work is often marred by water from flower vases spilt over it , or wet teacups and saucers put down on it . The small screens now so fashionable make another admirable place for mounting Breton work . These screens are made of two compartments only , in height about 4 ½ feet . To each panel , 2 ½ feet from the ground , a ledge that can be put up or down is fixed , and that is used for holding a book or a teacup . The panel below this ledge is merely filled with a little curtain made of coloured Oriental silk , and arranged in very full folds . The panel above the ledge , that is fully displayed to every eye , is filled with the embroidery stretched quite tightly across it and displayed to its full advantage . The back of the embroidery is concealed with a satin or silk matching the little curtain beneath . Two Breton handkerchiefs are required , one for each division , but they should not be selected both of the same design . The little screens are made of oak , mahogany , and ebonised wood . They are a simple framework , an inch and a half square , and any working carpenter would make them to order . Breton embroidery is too laborious for many people , and those whose time is much occupied with household matters , and who cannot devote much of it to the task of making their drawing-rooms pretty , we recommend to try crazy patchwork in its place . We have lately seen this easy work carried out most successfully , and used as mantel and table borders , covers for footstools , and as the centres of small table-cloths . The work is one of the least expensive that can be tried , and can be put down without derangement of effect at any moment ( a great point in its favour where interruptions are frequent ) . Before commencing any piece of it , it is better to accumulate all the oddments of ribbons , plush , velvet , silk , and satin lying in the piece-drawer from dress trimmings or sent as patterns from shops . The more plush and velvet obtainable , the greater the effect produced , while the colouring should be of a vivid tone , but excluding the bright aniline dyes already once referred to as being unsuitable to blend with other shades . A strong piece of ticking is required for the foundation , and on this the pieces are arranged . They should be pinned on while the amalgamation of colouring is being tried , and , when that is settled , basted on to the lining , the edges of soft materials being turned under and secured with the basting lines . Similarity in shape and size is to be avoided when placing the pieces , and the effect aimed at that of the colouring of a kaleidoscope in its variety and brightness . In order to obtain queer shapes and corners , it is not necessary to carefully cut them out and fit them into their various spaces ; in fact , it is better not to do so , but to lay one material partly over another , and by so doing make the desired form . The embroidery is generally left until the pieces are basted down to the lining , but now and again the scraps should be embroidered before they are fixed down , this method being the least troublesome when fine silk work is attempted , such as working flowers in shades of colour or intricate designs , or following out the lines of stamped velvet or brocade with couched-down cords and gold thread . Thin Oriental silks require a thin muslin lining underneath them , and the embroidery executed before they are tacked to the ticking , as unless this precaution is taken they are apt to pucker and look uneven and poor . When the patchwork scraps are all arranged , spare strands of filoselle of any shades are used to cover over the basting threads with lines of coral stitch , feather , chain , rope , and herringbone , while oddments of silk cord , Japanese gold thread , very fine braids , etc ., are sewn down either as borderings to the securing lines or as forming designs and figures on the patches themselves . Embroidery stitches of all kinds are used to fill in the centres of the patches , and advantage is always taken of any pattern on the patches either by filling it in entirely with shaded silks , filling up its background with stars , crosses , or dots , or by enclosing it within diagonal lines , or sewing spangles down so as to cover it over . Every effort is made to enrich the patches by the use of gold thread , spangles , gold lace , and silk cords , and when the work is faithfully done , no one could guess it was devised out of oddments and produced at a nominal cost . B. C. SAWARD . ROMANCE . FOR VIOLIN AND PIANOFORTE . PROFESSOR SIR G. A. MACFARREN . Music ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS . EDUCATIONAL . A . Z .— The part of a whole made by two-thirds of three-fourths is one-half . Such books as those you name are not so appropriate for young girls as very desirable , instructive , as well as interesting books , although a girl of twenty-one might read one of such a kind once in a way . There is an article by Dr. Green in the last two numbers of the Leisure Hour ( published by the Religious Tract Society , 56 , Paternoster-row , London , E. C .) , those for April and May , in which such books as you require are recommended — history , biography , travels , arch æ ology , geology , astronomy ; Shakespeare , Milton , Elizabeth Barret Browning , Longfellow , Tennyson , etc . Such books should occupy all your leisure for reading , besides the study of household economy , nursing , cookery , needlework , and cutting out . The first five years after leaving the school-room should be devoted to such studies as these , not wasted on the class of literature you specify . G. H. T .— Yes , there is a Kindergarten College and Practising School established by the British and Foreign School Society . It is at 21 , Stockwell-road , S. W ., and it is directed by the Misses Crombie . There are ten such schools in London and eight in the provinces . Write for papers , and all information will be supplied you direct from that or any of the other schools . Had you given your address we could have given that which is the nearest to you . We think your age would be suitable . The answer you receive as to terms may decide you as to the way in which your £ 20 may be required . Perhaps if you annoyed your cousin she would not allow you to return home to sleep . Whether you could do so as well as board at the college we could not say . “ Look well before you leap . ” ART . SHELTIE .— To ornament ginger jars , or any kind of earthenware , without knowing how to draw or paint , first size it with ordinary glue-size , melted over the fire ; then cut bright scraps of chintz , or gaily-painted cottons , into diamonds , squares , half-circles , triangles , etc ., and paste them to the jars , carefully covering every part of the jar with the scraps laid closely together , but without making any set design . Let the paste dry ; then size the jar , and varnish with white hard varnish . FLEUR DES ALPES .— We fear there are no chances of a sale in London , as the market for screen and fan painting is already so full . Besides , you should take such work personally to shops and obtain trade orders . Would it not be wiser and more easy to dispose of them at Geneva , which is within your reach ? Accept our best wishes . WOULD-BE PHOTOGRAPHER .— The reason that the object to be taken appears upside down in the camera is this . Light travels in straight lines , and rays coming through little crevices ( such as are used in cameras ) , cross each other , and become inverted . MISCELLANEOUS . EFFIE .— The texts of Holy Scripture which you cannot find are to be found as follows :— Psalm xciv . 22 , and Gen. xvii . 8 ; Exodus xxix . 45 ; Ezekiel xi . 20 ; Zechariah viii . 8 ; 2 Cor . vi . 16 ; Rev . xxi . 3 , and in other places . Your “ Concordance ” must be a very bad one . Your handwriting is not formed , but promises well . GOWAN COBBAN .— We do not recommend publishers to our correspondents . All three specimens of writing are legible , but No . 2 is careless and unfinished . Why write a small “ b ” for a “ v ” ? The latter has no tall upper stroke . E. M .— The health of bride , bridegroom , bridesmaids , and respective parents of the newly-married pair is drunk , but no others , as a rule . CORISANDE .— We could not possibly assist you in carrying out or devising a method of revenge on the wrong-doer , nor do we think that even the aggrieved parents of the injured friend would approve of the plan . If you reprobate an ill-bred action , you cannot , consistently with your own views of what is seemly and dignified , punish that action by following suit , and doing what would be ill-bred yourself . Besides , as a Christian , read Romans xii . 19 . UNA MILDRED HITCHINGS ( N. Z ) .— The 14th of February , 1809 , was a Tuesday . Many thanks for your nice letter . E. B. P. we think had better take more exercise , and avoid late suppers and sitting up late , as it seems probable her digestion is weak . SEPIA .— Hairpins are not injurious to the hair except when the hair is too tightly put up , when that certainly affects the nerves . We think young people , as a rule , do not require stimulants unless under the doctor 's orders . We think oils are far easier to use than water-colours . MORNING DEWDROP .— We do not think the poetry worth much now , but it shows that at fifteen you are thinking about good things in preference to evil and idle things , and so we consider writing poetry , in many cases , a good amusement . QUEENIE FOSTER should return the duplicate copy and ask for the right one , and if enclosing stamps , as the surest way of getting it , she can retain the duplicate . AN UNHAPPY ONE should not marry her widower on any account , if she feels as unhappy as her letter portrays . She must not grow discouraged too soon , but cultivate patience , and never minding . And should she finally undertake the care of a ready-made family , she must be brave and courteous , not rendering railing for railing , but , contrariwise , blessing . Be not overcome of evil , but overcome evil with good . HAWTHORN .— We know of nothing better than your present treatment . We are much obliged by your kind offer , but we do not require any at present . IDONEA .— We should think your digestion was out of order . Read the advice given by Medicus to “ Working Girls , ” page 295 , vol . vi . MYSOTIS .— Your nationality is that of your father , but you may adopt a country ; and if he be naturalised English , you become English too , or you may legally become so yourself . Also , if you marry an Englishman you become an Englishwoman , without going through the process of naturalisation . Of course by blood you are half English , through your maternal descent . OPHELIA .— We feel for “ Ophelia ” very sincerely ; but she should rouse herself , and not give way to morbid brooding over her troubles . Has she no sacred duties to perform to those around her ? No Lord and Master above to serve and glorify , by submission to His dispensations ? Has she no blessed hope of a life beyond the grave ? We could not insert your verses . “ All else ” is not “ gone , ” whoever was removed , when you have “ one that sticketh closer than a brother ” to lean upon . Read St. John xiv . ; indeed , you had better study the whole Gospel , and set yourself resolutely to devote yourself to others . MAY ELWIN .— Our publisher , Mr. Tarn , sent us your letter . We suppose you thought him the editor . The writer of the poems you name is not one with whom we are acquainted . MYSELF .— We cannot do better than refer you to the abuses of the Lord 's supper , to which St. Paul alludes in 1 Cor . ii . 21 , 22 , which answers your question . Also see Hebrews x . 25 , and 1 Cor . xiv . 40 . Beware how you trifle with sacred rites and sacraments . You had better look up the whole of the text about Elders and their office in the New Testament Epistles . Our Lord 's promise is that where two or three are gathered together He would be in their midst and bless them . You had better look out the word communion in the dictionary , as it cannot refer to one person alone ; it is an act performed by a certain number of persons together , more or less . Again , when the clergyman prays for his congregation , is he not a mediator ? And when you and your friends pray for each other , are you not mediators ? And this , without disparagement to the doctrine that Christ is the great and chief Mediator , without whose divine mediation all other would be useless . BRUNETTE .— The soul does not attain its highest state of bliss until it be re-united to the body ; but the soul of a believer in Christ ( by which we mean one of His faithful people , who loves , serves , and trusts in Him and His atonement alone ) will enter into a happy and sinless rest . He has made “ an everlasting covenant with them , ” not with those who deny Him . Any mercy shown to such would be uncovenanted . See for yourself what the Scriptures say . We know nothing more than what is revealed in them . As to the heathen who have not heard the Gospel , they are “ a law unto themselves , ” and will be judged as such , not as those who rejected Christ . ONE WANTING TO LEARN .— We are glad that you find the Sulhampstead Question Society , which we recommended , so useful in helping forward your education . We do not print our correspondents ’ letters . ROY .— We regret that we cannot accede to your request . It would interfere with the general usefulness of our magazine if we were to introduce the subject of politics into it . We do not even discuss vexed questions of religious belief , because our paper is meant for persons of all denominations , whose feelings should be respected . We limit our teaching to the broad principles of our common Christianity . LOTTIE .— If in so feeble a state of health , you should obtain medical advice . We could not prescribe for a perfect stranger . JUNE .— All the chief writers of this paper , with the artists and musical composers , including ourselves , have already been represented , in a more or less satisfactory manner . The story , “ That Aggravating Schoolgirl , ” appeared in the second volume , beginning at page 9 . M. C. F .— We do not quite understand what you mean . Visiting cards should never be sent by post , and if they be left at the house you acknowledge them by calling in return . If people be at a distance from you , you must take an opportunity of calling when near . You must answer congratulations either by letter or a call . BIRCHBROOM .— St . Paul was a bachelor , and tells you so in 1 Cor . vii . You will find many pretty designs for knitting in our paper . We do not propose to keep any space specially for knitting recipes . You will find one for a petticoat at page 41 , vol . ii ., in the number for October , 1880 . NELLICA .— We thank you for your kind and grateful letter , and rejoice that you enjoy our paper and are allowed to read it . You write a very fair , legible handwriting . A HOTHOUSE PLANT .— Pampas grass must be bleached in a solution of chloride of lime . You had better consult the chemist of whom you procure the drug as to the proportion of water . Perhaps he would prepare it for you . You write well , but use a bad pen — we mean an old , worn-out one . BEDWAEEN ( Hyderabad ) .— We acknowledge your kind letter with our best wishes and thanks . You do not ask any special question ; but as you regret a want of acquaintance with the rules of English grammar , we recommend “ The Handbook of the English Tongue , ” by Dr. Angus , published at our office , 56 , Paternoster-row , E. C . ; address Mr. Tarn . AMELIA should take her “ twopenny mulready envelope ” to a shop where stamps are sold for collections . This is the only plan , if not disposed of to a private collector . We do not think she will make very much on the sale . THE BIRD .— Kindly refer to the article in question , where all information is already given . ORMONDE should call after all invitations , whether she accept them or not . LILY WALKER .— The bridegroom presents the bride and bridesmaids with their bouquets ; but it is not needful that the latter should have them . The health of the bride and bridegroom respectively are proposed by the oldest friend of the family present ; but other healths are no longer drunk as a universal rule , we believe . ITALIA .— The competition papers are in no case returned . Your quotation is very good , but is useless under the circumstances . DULCIE WESTON should consult a doctor and take a tonic . We should decidedly object to cold baths in her case . They should be rather warmer than tepid . DEWDROP .— When the right time comes for the hatching of silkworms , they should be kept in the sun . Before that they should be kept cool , as their coming out should be delayed until that of the new mulberry leaves . The worms need not to be kept in the sun . BLUEBELL and DOLLY .— Many thanks for your kind letter . MAYFLOWER .— We should think , from the price you name , that you are buying spirits of wine . Send your own bottle to an oilshop for methylated spirits . But why not do this :— Get a small oil-lamp and kettle , enough to boil a quart of water ; when quite boiling it will be enough for two gallons of cold water , and , using a sponge bath , you can have a comfortable bath ? GRACE should wear the backboard and faceboard , so often recommended by us , for an hour every day while reading or learning her lessons . The book could be set on a stand or shelf , and she could learn while walking to and fro . GUELDER ROSE .— Some words and names have been given an arbitrary pronunciation by that tyrant — the fashion of the day . There is a rule for each class of society , by which all within those respective circles is bound , unless its members wish to make themselves remarkable . Amongst the “ Upper Ten ” the name Derby is pronounced “ Darby , ” Shrewsbury as “ Shrowsbury , ” and clerk as “ clark . ” Balmoral is “ Bal-moral , ” the “ mo ” chiefly accentuated . Writing fairly good . TRY AGAIN is thanked for her kind letter . That a competitor should not be successful is no discredit to her work , because the number of papers sent in is so enormous , none but the most remarkably perfect amongst the good ones can be awarded even certificates , not to say prizes . COMING THRO ’ THE RYE .— You form your letters fairly well , but reverse the heavy and light strokes . The down strokes should be heavy , and the up strokes light . Also , if you did not make the ends of your final letters in every word turn up like pig-tails , your writing would be improved . Perhaps your handwriting may be formed , or begin to be so , at sixteen . No children write running hands . ROSE .— No “ gentlemen ” presume to speak to girls in their own rank of life without an introduction ; it would be an insult . And as to proposing to walk with you , as a stranger , if you have no father , brother , nor uncle to warn him away , he deserves to be handed over to the police . But men do not usually take such liberties unless they have had some encouragement . Beware of looking at strange men in passing them . Look away when they come near . EDITH .— Sage tea is good for cooling the face and healing the skin when much sunburnt ; but it should be used the same day . Lie on a sofa , and lay the wet leaves over your face . AUTUMN . Illustration BY HELEN MARION BURNSIDE . The chestnut burrs are falling On the shining dew-steeped lawn , Where the swallows have been calling To each other since the dawn ; For again the forest leaves , And the upland 's crown of sheaves , Wear the fair pathetic glory , which so quickly is withdrawn . And a youthful pair goes straying , As we used to do of old , With the sunlight on them playing , Through the elm trees ’ paling gold ; And I wonder as they go , Pacing slowly to and fro , Are they telling one another just such secrets as we told ? In the cool and fragrant dunlight Of the woodlands , wet with dew , Looking out towards the sunlight Here I stand — but where are you ? Where are summer 's lusty leaves , Where the swallows from the eaves , And the hopes , and dreams , and longings that in those old days we knew ? Many a spring has blossomed brightly On the grave of a dead past , Many a summer has tossed lightly Her cast leaves upon the blast ; And as autumn fades away Into winter 's quiet grey , Comes the hope : eternal springtide will give back my friend at last !