= FIVE CENTS = = THE GREAT ROUND WORLD = AND WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT SUBSCRIPTION PRICE , $ 2. 50 PER YEAR [ Entered at Post Office , New York City , as second-class matter ] FEBRUARY 25 , 1897 Vol . 1 . No . 16 . Illustration ] A WEEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR BOYS AND GIRLS WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON , PUBLISHER NO . 3 AND 5 WEST 18TH ST ., NEW YORK CITY = School Books Wanted = The following school books will be taken in exchange for subscriptions for “ Great Round World ” at prices named . Send books by express prepaid . Send none which are much soiled or worn ; pages must not be torn nor missing . Mark package — “ GREAT ROUND WORLD , 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City , care William Beverley Hanson . ” Put your name on package and send a list by mail with your subscription order . = We can use Standard School Books of all kinds , send List of any you may wish to dispose of .= = READERS .= Barnes ’ First , 20c . Second , 30c . Third , 40c . Appleton 's " 15c. " 25c. " 30c . Cyr 's " 20c. " 25c. " 30c . New Franklin " 20c. " 30c. " 35c . McGuffey 's Revised " 15c. " 25c. " 30c . Stickney 's " 10c. " 15c. " 20c . Swinton 's " 20c. " 30c. " 40c . Information " 30c. " 30c. " 30c . = HISTORIES . UNITED STATES = Barnes ’ Primary , 40c . Large 1890 or later , 75c . Eggleston 's First Book , 40c. " 75c . Fiske 's " 75c . Johnston 's Shorter , 40c. " 75c . Montgomery 's Beginner 's , 30c. " 75c . Sheldon 's " 50c . Thomas ’ " 50c . THE GREAT ROUND WORLD AND WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT . TO THE SUBSCRIBERS OF “ CURRENT EVENTS ": I take pleasure in announcing that I have purchased the entire subscription list and good will of Current Events , and offer you in its stead THE GREAT ROUND WORLD , a weekly newspaper for boys and girls . You will receive one number of THE GREAT ROUND WORLD for each number of Current Events due you on your subscription . I make the special offer , to send you THE GREAT ROUND WORLD every week until December 31st , 1897 , if you will remit the sum of $ 1. 25 at once . My regular subscription price is $ 2. 50 . If there is any special feature or department of Current Events which the majority of the subscribers would like to have continued , I will take great pleasure in arranging for it , and I trust that you may find THE GREAT ROUND WORLD a satisfactory substitute for Current Events . WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON . = Copyrighted 1897 , By WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON .= Pilgrims going to MECCA THE GREAT ROUND WORLD AND WHAT IS GOING ON IN IT VOL . 1 FEBRUARY 25 , 1897 . NO . 16 There does not seem to be any prospect of a settlement of the Turkish troubles . The various European powers have called the Sultan to account for the massacres in Armenia , and laid out a system of reforms , which they think should be made . But this is as far as they have got . “ You may lead a horse to the water , but you cannot make him drink . ” The various powers of Europe are learning that this is a very true saying . They have decided upon the reforms that Turkey ought to make , but they are as puzzled as they can be to know how they are going to make the Sultan order these reforms . Germany , France , Italy , Austria , England , and Russia have been discussing the matter for weeks . They have been saying among themselves , “ What on earth are we going to do if Turkey flatly refuses to make any reforms at all ? ” This is the European conundrum . The consequence is , that the full list of reforms has not yet been given to the Sultan . All the powers are feeling that it is of no use to tell him what they insist shall be done , until these same powers have made up their minds what they are going to do , if he tells them all to go away and mind their own business . England suggests that , if the Sultan refuses , they shall call out their soldiers and sailors , and fight him till they make him obey . Russia is unwilling that the Sultan should be forced to do what he does not wish to do . The Russian Minister at Constantinople says that he knows for a fact , that if the powers do anything to lower the Sultan 's dignity in the eyes of Europe , all the Turks will rise and make war upon the offending country . Russia says that to carry out the reforms that Europe asks for will take money , and she thinks it would be wiser for Europe to provide Turkey with the necessary money , and then keep an eye over her , and , through the control this loan of money would give , see that the reforms are carried out . This seems the most sensible plan , but nothing has been decided upon . The desired reforms deal entirely with the way the various provinces shall be governed . Turkey is a very large empire , and the trouble with the present system of government is , that the Sultan does not have resident ministers for the various parts of it , as other countries do , but governs the whole himself , being guided entirely by the advice of the few people near him in his palace , who do not know the affairs of the empire any better than he does , but advise him according to their own whims , or prospects of making money out of the country . The result is great injustice to the people . Europe feels that this is not a proper way to govern a great country , and insists that he shall rule his people with law and justice . Europe says that the Sultan must appoint ministers to govern the different parts and departments of his empire , and that he must , as other sovereigns do , ask the advice of his ministers before he makes the laws , and not be guided entirely by personal favorites and friends . While all Europe is uneasy about him , the Sultan is keeping very quiet , not letting any one have the smallest idea what he means to say or do when these reforms are offered to him . The Czar of Russia is quite ill , and every one feels sorry that he should be sick now , when his advice and assistance are so badly needed to settle the worrying Turkish question , which has so troubled Europe . The young Czar Nicholas , who was crowned with so much pomp and glory at Moscow last August , seems unable to carry on the government of Russia . Many people say he is too weak to govern , and that there are going to be troubles and revolts in Russia . The truth of the matter seems to be , that the young Czar is a gentle , kind-hearted man , who will not govern Russia in the stern , cruel way that his forefathers have done , and who is therefore thought to be weak and incapable . While he is making a part of his people love him for his goodness , by far the larger half , who have , under the old rule , been able to make money and gain great power , are furious against him . Poor young Nicholas is not only hated by the people who were most friendly to his father , but by the Nihilists , who look upon him as their natural enemy , and , between the two parties , it is said that the Czar goes about in constant fear of his life . Nicholas never wanted to be a ruler . Those who know him say that he has become grave and sad in the few months since he came to the throne . It is said that he is of too gentle a disposition to be able to keep his ministers in order , and that they quarrel fiercely in his presence , and show very little respect for him . According to all accounts , his health is giving way under the constant worry , and it is reported that he received a shock a few weeks ago , which so completely upset him , that it brought on his present illness . He was walking in his gardens , and wishing to speak to one of the men who was at work , he signalled to him to come to him . The gardener , proud of his sovereign 's notice , ran towards him at full speed . But a sentry , who had not noticed the Czar 's signal , fearing that the man was going to harm the Emperor , fired his gun at him , and he fell dead at the Czar 's feet . Nicholas was terribly overcome by the dreadful mistake . Some people say that his present illness is due to anxiety about the Czarina , who is also ill , and again others say that the wound which Nicholas received when he was travelling in Japan is the cause . He was struck by a crazy Japanese , and would have been killed , had not Prince George of Greece , the son of the present King of Greece , who was with him , warded off the blow . As it was , the blow was heavy enough to form a lump on the young man 's skull , which has caused him great pain , and which some people declare is troubling him now . Whatever the cause , the Czar is ill , and in no state to attend to anything but his own affairs . It is a sad pity just at this moment , when Europe needs him so badly . There is a little flurry in Siam . Siam is in Asia , just below China , and next door to Burmah . Some weeks ago a report came from Bangkok , the capital of Siam , that some Siamese soldiers had fired upon and wounded our American Vice-Consul , Mr. Kellett . Our minister there protested , and sent word of the outrage to the King . But the King of Siam did not take the slightest notice of the protest . Then word was sent to Washington , with the request that an American gunboat be sent to Bangkok , to teach the Siamese to respect United States citizens . The gunboat was despatched , and has duly arrived off Bangkok , but still the King of Siam does not give any reason for the brutality of his soldiers . It is said that an American named Cheek , who owned some very valuable property in Siam , died a short while ago , and named Mr. Kellett in his will as the man who was to settle his property for him . No sooner was Mr. Cheek dead , than the Siamese government tried to prevent Mr. Kellett from settling his affairs , and did their best to stop the sale of Mr. Cheek 's property . It is reported that Mr. Kellett would not submit to this interference , but did his duty very thoroughly , and tried to make the Siamese government behave honorably , too . This enraged the Siamese , so the story goes , and they tried to kill Mr. Kellett to get him out of the way . The captain of the gunboat , Commander Reiter , has orders from Washington to look into the whole affair , and if he finds that the story we have heard is true , and that Siam is in the wrong , he is to insist that the King makes proper amends . The Siamese , having wounded the Consul of one country , soon after had trouble with the representative of another . The German Minister to Siam was attacked in the streets , not by soldiers , as was Mr. Kellett , but by a mob . The dispatches say that an American named Bennett put himself at the head of the police , beat back the mob , and saved the German Minister 's life . The reasons for this last outrage have not been given , but in this case the Siamese government has behaved very well . An apology has been sent to the German Minister , and the King has decorated him with some Siamese order . Of course this makes us feel all the more surprised that the King does not take any notice of the wounding of Mr. Kellett , but our gunboat is at Bangkok , and if the King owes us an apology , he will be made to give it . The long-talked-of treaty between England and Venezuela has been signed . These countries agree to settle the question of the boundary between Venezuela and British Guiana by arbitration . In NO . 9 of THE GREAT ROUND WORLD you will find a full account of the quarrel between England and Venezuela . It was said that England claimed more land than belonged to her . You will see , if you look at NO . 9 , how the United States stepped in , and helped to adjust matters . The signing of this treaty brings a quarrel to an end that has been going on for upwards of a century . The boundary line which has been so much disputed has been surveyed several times , but no two surveyors have agreed , and so all the troubles have come about . The treaty says that the arbitrators are to find out just how much land belonged to the colony of British Guiana at the time it became the property of England , and that they are to work from that point . The Committee of Arbitration is to meet in Paris , and is to consist of two Englishmen , Baron Herschel , and Sir Richard Henn Collins , a Judge of the English Supreme Court ; one American , Judge Brewer ; and one member chosen by Venezuela , who is also an American , the Hon . Melville Weston Fuller , Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court . These four arbitrators are to decide among themselves who shall be the fifth man to join them in their work . If they have not been able to agree on the fifth man in three months after they meet , our old friend , King Oscar of Sweden , is to step in and fill the vacant place . The treaty provides that within six months after it is signed the committee must meet in Paris , and that the whole work shall , if possible , be completed within six months after the meeting . The two copies of the treaty , as soon as they were signed by Sir Julian Pauncefote for England , and Senor Jos é Andrade for Venezuela , were sent off , the one to London , the other to Caracas , to be ratified by the governments of England and Venezuela . The ratification must be made within six months of the date of signing , and then the work of the committee will begin . Very little headway has been made with our own treaty with England . The Committee on Foreign Relations has made certain changes in it , and handed it to the Senate with a recommendation that it be accepted . The changes made strike out the name of King Oscar of Sweden as umpire , and narrow the work of the arbitrators down to dealing solely with matters that concern Great Britain and the United States in their relations with each other . The idea is to make it impossible for England to interfere if we wish to make a treaty with another country . Some people think that if the treaty be ratified as first presented , we will be compelled to ask the advice and permission of England in reference to every treaty or similar arrangement we may want to make with other countries . It seems most important , among other things , that we should be free to make the best terms for ourselves in the matter of the Nicaragua Canal , and that we ought to be entirely free to settle all questions with our Central and South American neighbors . From what we hear , these alterations are not pleasing to the English people . The Times , the most important London newspaper , says that it is a pity that the treaty has been so much changed that it is really of no value at all . The paper goes on to say that if the treaty should not be ratified by the Senate , the good work done on it will not have been wasted , for it will have given a great lesson to the people of both countries , and indeed to the whole world . The first step has been taken toward the beginning of universal peace . Meanwhile , the treaty is in the hands of the Senate , and may soon be discussed . News comes from Hamburg that the strike of the dock laborers is over . The strikers have been beaten because of their lack of money . In NO . 7 of THE GREAT ROUND WORLD you will find an account of the strike , and if you will also refer to NO . 10 , you will see that it was thought that the strikers could not hold out very much longer . The money the strikers expected to receive from other labor unions to help them was so slow in coming that the men and their families were in want , and no man is likely to stand out for the benefit of others when his own children are suffering from cold and hunger . The men have gone back to their old employers and asked for work . The pity of it all is , however , that during the strike others have been taken on in their places , and the employers have now no work to give them . After holding out since the end of October , and refusing the masters ’ offer to give them $ 1. 10 a day , and let all future troubles be settled by arbitration , the strikers have had to give in without gaining a single point . It is very sad . The plague in India is still raging fiercely , and every one is feeling very grave about it . Europe is so afraid that it will spread , that the greatest care is being taken to quarantine all people who have come from India . All letters and merchandise are carefully fumigated , and they say that in Italy the authorities are so frightened that they fumigate the people , as well as their clothes and baggage . So serious is the situation , that the Sultan of Turkey has issued an order forbidding the yearly pilgrimage to Mecca . The European Ambassadors in Russia and Persia are begging the rulers of those countries to forbid pilgrims to pass through their lands , or to embark from their ports . You will understand what a very serious order this is , when you realize that the pilgrimage to Mecca is a part of the religion of every Moslem , and that about seventy thousand pilgrims go every year . In all religions , there is some special ceremony or service that people must attend if they wish to be considered children of God . With the Moslems or the followers of Mohammed , it is necessary that once in their lives they make the pilgrimage , or hadj as it is called , to Mecca . It does not matter how many thousand miles of sea or land must be crossed to reach Mecca ; once in his life every Mohammedan must make the pilgrimage , if he wants to reach paradise when he dies . The Mohammedans believe that when they have made their pilgrimage , they are forgiven their sins , and can go back to the world as free from sin as when they were born . All Mohammedans who have made this pilgrimage are given the title of Hadji . There are about one hundred and seventy-six millions of Mohammedans who believe this , and who have been believing it , and making their pilgrimages , since and even before the year 620 A. D . These people are scattered through Asia , Europe , Africa , and Oceanica , which , as you know , is sometimes called the fifth division of the globe by geographers , and consists of Australasia and all the islands below Asia . The Philippine Islands , where Spain 's second war is raging , are a part of Oceanica . If you will take your map , and see what an enormous portion of the globe is inhabited by Mohammedans , and then find Mecca , which is in Arabia , close to the Red Sea , you will understand that the making of this pilgrimage is no easy thing to many of the Moslems , and that it must have a most serious meaning to them to make them undertake such terrible journeys . These people must save a great deal of money , and have much difficulty in arranging their affairs , so that they can afford the time to make the journey , which their religion says must be made on foot wherever it is possible . Forbidding the pilgrimage for one year means the disappointing of seventy thousand people , and it is thought that the Moslems may rebel against the Sultan 's decree . Even if they thought that the pilgrimage might spread the fearful plague , and kill the millions of people who do not believe in the prophet Mohammed , they would persist in going , thinking they would in that way be doing a great work for their religion . The Sultan has therefore this very difficult matter to deal with , and while Europe is wondering what to do with him , he is showing that after all he has a great deal of courage and common sense . The pilgrimage is made to Mecca to perform there certain religious rites , but particularly to visit the Great Mosque , or Temple , to pass around the Kaaba , and to kiss the sacred Black Stone . The Kaaba is the most sacred shrine or altar of the Mohammedans . It was in existence before Mohammed was born , in 570 A. D ., and was a place of worship even then . In one corner of it is the sacred stone , which the Moslems believe was brought down from heaven by the angel Gabriel , and given by him to Abraham to make the corner-stone of the Kaaba . They believe that the stone was originally a ruby , but that the tears which the pilgrims have shed over it for their sins have turned it quite black . The sacred black stone was broken in the year 683 , and the pieces are kept together by a silver setting . The stone itself is about eight inches long , and is set into the outside wall of the Kaaba , where it can be conveniently kissed by a person of medium height . Mohammedans always turn toward a certain point of the compass when they say their prayers , and it is toward the sacred black stone that they turn . The gathering together of the pilgrims at Mecca has often brought plague , and nearly always brings disease in its train , and there is very little doubt but that the Bubonic Plague , which is raging in India , would be caught by the pilgrims , and spread by them over the whole of Asia and Europe . This plague is supposed to attack only the dirty and unwashed , and as the majority of these pilgrims are filthy beyond description , it would be certain to fasten upon them . This will be the first year , since the death of the prophet Mohammed , that there has been no general pilgrimage to Mecca . We may hear a great deal more about it yet . At last active measures are about being taken in reference to the terrible Dead Man 's Curve . Some weeks ago , it was said that it was to be done away with , and the cars run through a tunnel made under Union Square . Nothing , however , has so far been done , and the people are getting tired of risking their lives , to oblige a cable car company . At last the officers of the law have interfered , and the owners of the road are being prosecuted , for having their cars run in such a manner that it is a danger to citizens . The president of the company was called before the Grand Jury , and said that it was impossible to run the cars around that curve in any other way than that which is in use at the present time . Several engineers who understood all about cable cars were then called . They said that if the company would put a short cable on the stretch of road around the curve , there need be no more danger . They said that a gripman could stop his car or slow up on a short cable , but that with the long cable , such as the company is now using , it is impossible for the gripman to have any control of his car while rounding the curve . The president of the company declared that a short cable would not work . The case is to go to trial . While the worst that can be done to the company is to be fined $ 500 , people are looking forward to the trial , because they expect that the witnesses who give evidence will show some way of getting the car round the curve without shaking everybody who is in it , and killing or wounding all who cannot jump out of its way . Did you ever see a house move ? If you have not , you have missed a very funny sight . Imagine driving along a country road , and meeting a three-story house making a journey along the highway to new quarters . There is a good deal of this to be seen just now at Katonah , New York . A year or so ago the Croton water , which is in use in New York City , was found to be impure . A commission was appointed to go and examine the Croton Water-Shed . This meant that they were to examine the little streams , and brooks , and rivers , and lakes , which supplied the water to our aqueduct , and see what the trouble was . They found that along the banks of these streams and lakes , in villages and out in the country , a great many dwelling-houses and shanties had been built , the occupants of which were in the habit of throwing all sorts of rubbish into the water , making it unfit for drinking . In consequence of this , all of the houses were ordered to be torn down or moved away , and one small village of shanties was destroyed . Among others , the inhabitants of Katonah were ordered to move , that the banks of the stream might be cleared of dwellings . Katonah has a railroad depot , and a post-office , and thinks a good deal of itself . When the Water-Shed Commission said that it must move or be destroyed , Katonah gathered its residents together , and decided that rather than be wiped off the face of the map , it would pick up its houses and move itself . So a new Katonah was established , about a quarter of a mile away from the old one , and just outside the Water-Shed on which it was forbidden to build , for fear of spoiling the water for New York . For several months past there has been a procession of houses moving from old Katonah to new . HOUSE MOVING The Sun gave an amusing account of seeing a barber 's shop leading the parade ; this was closely followed by a large yellow cottage , with a cat , who had refused to leave her home , still seated on the front door-step . The way that houses are moved is very simple . You of course understand that only frame or wooden houses can be moved any distance . Houses of stone or brick would be likely to fall to pieces , and being so heavy , the difficulty of moving them is greatly increased . They are therefore seldom moved , and only for very short distances . Frame houses are always put on stone or brick foundations . If the wood were put right down on the earth , the damp would soon rot it , and the house would fall , so strong stone or brick foundations are first laid , and then the wooden house is built upon them . When a house is to be moved , a carpenter puts beams across in all the weak spots , the ceilings are shored up , and all is made snug inside . Then the house is raised off the foundations on beams , and made all firm underneath , and then is made to slide off its foundations on some huge rollers that are laid in the high road . Ropes are then fastened to some of the heavy beams under the house , and horses are brought . The ropes are tied to the horses , and as they pull , the house slips from one roller to another . Houses can be moved very safely , but not very quickly , and it is of course much less expensive to move an old house than to build a new one . One of the strangest things about the moving at Katonah , is that the villagers are trying to take their shade trees with them , as well as their houses . One of the residents had some very fine trees in his garden , and he hated to leave them behind him , so he decided to try and see if they could not be moved . The neighbors made the greatest fun of him , but he did not care , and set to work as soon as the ground was frozen hard enough , to allow of the tree being moved without disturbing the earth around the roots . The procession of houses is now varied by a great tree , forty feet high , which is moving down the road in the same quiet , stately way as the cat , and the barber 's shop , and the yellow cottage . GENIE H. ROSENFELD . INVENTION AND DISCOVERY . A great sea monster has been washed ashore on the coast of Florida , and men who study natural history are much interested in it . What is left of the creature is said to weigh eight tons , and no one can tell exactly what kind of a fish it is , because it appears to have been tossed by the waves for a long time , and has been partly destroyed by them . Those people who have seen it think that it is a kind of cuttlefish , but that the arms , or tentacles , as they are called , have been broken away from it . These arms must have been from one to two hundred feet long . It is now only a huge body without much shape to it . Photographs and careful descriptions of it have been sent to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington and to Yale College , and the scientific men there expect to be able to decide what it is by comparing it with other known kinds of mollusks . Scientists study these things so carefully , that they can tell what the exact size of an animal was , and what it looked like , if but a small portion is left ; we may therefore expect to hear all about this great creature ere long . The size of this wonderful creature can be better realized , when we learn that it took four strong horses , a dozen men , and three sets of tackle to move it . At first it seemed impossible to believe that such a terrific monster really existed . Sailors have told so many yarns for the sake of making a good story , that people are a little afraid to believe the wonderful tales of the sea , but THE GREAT ROUND WORLD took pains to find out that this eight-ton cuttlefish story was true , so we need have no doubts about it . The cuttlefish , which supplies the bone we buy for our canaries , is a very terrible fish indeed . The bone , as we call it , is not really bone , but a sort of half-formed shell which the cuttlefish wears under its skin . It has a large round body , surrounded by eight arms , which are many times the length of the body , and which it can twist or turn in any direction . The mouth is in the centre of these arms . Professor Winchell describes this ugly creature for us . He says : “ Staring out from either side of the head ( the head and body are really one ) is a pair of large , glassy eyes , which send a shudder over the beholder . At the bottom of the sea the creature turns its eight arms down , and walks like a huge submarine spider , thrusting its arms into the crevices of the rocks , and extracting thence the luckless crab that had thought itself secure from so bulky a foe . Each of the arms is covered with what are called suckers . Each sucker consists of a little round horny ridge , forming a little cup , which is attached to the arm by a stem . When the arm is pressed upon an object , the effort to escape from the grasp of the arm causes a suction which effectually retains the object . ” Professor Winchell goes on to tell that these cuttlefish or octopods sometimes attain a very great size , and that sailors tell wonderful stories about them . In one of these stories , the captain of a ship declared that , while sailing off the African coast , he sent three of his men over the side of the ship to scrape it . While they were at their work one of these monsters reached its long arms up from the water and drew two of them into the sea . Professor Winchell says that while this may be only a sailor 's yarn , it is at the same time well known that these creatures do attain a fearful size . The recent discovery of the cuttlefish in Florida may lead to some extremely interesting discoveries . HORSELESS FIRE-ENGINE . A monster steam fire-engine is being built for the city of Boston , and it is to be a horseless engine . For some time past the Fire Department has been seeking for some engine powerful enough to throw water to the top of the very high buildings — the skyscrapers , as they are called . An ordinary engine is of very little use for these tall buildings . And an engine large and powerful enough to throw the water to the necessary height would be so heavy that no horses could draw it . The difficulty has been met by the invention of this horseless engine , which will throw a two-inch stream of water over 300 feet into the air . The engine is propelled much in the same way as a steam engine . The driver sits on a seat in front of the engine , and steers it by means of a wheel , and the engine is moved by steam . When it arrives at the fire , the driving arrangement is disconnected , and all the energy of the steam is turned into the apparatus for forcing up the water . The engine is sixteen feet long , seven feet wide , and ten feet high . How terrified the horses in the roads will be when this huge monster comes rushing toward them , spouting fire , and appearing to move of its own free will . LIEUTENANT WISE AND HIS KITE . We gave an account , in an earlier number , of Lieutenant Wise and his efforts to make kites strong enough to lift soldiers into the air , that they may overlook an enemy 's fortifications . He has almost succeeded . The other day he made a fresh attempt , and had himself raised forty-two feet in the air . He sent up four kites , with a pulley and rope attached . To this rope a boatswain 's chair was fastened , and when the wind was blowing steadily enough for him to make the attempt , he seated himself in the chair , and had the soldiers who were helping him draw him up toward the kites . They succeeded in pulling him up forty-two feet , and when he was lowered again he said that he did not feel uncomfortable while in his lofty perch , and that the swinging motion was very slight . The experiment was made on Governor 's Island , New York Harbor . G. H. R . VICTOR L. LAWSON HORACE WHITE HOKE SMITH President First Vice-President Second Vice-President DIRECTORS John Norris M. H . de Young Frederick Driscoll F. B . Noyes T. G . Rapier C. W . Knapp Clayton McMichael A. J . Barr L. Markbreit Stephen O'Meara Victor F. Lawson MELVILLE E. STONE General Manager CHARLES S. DIEHL Assistant General Manager GEORGE SCHNEIDER Treasurer The Associated Press General Office New York , January 23 , 1897 . WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON , ESQ . Publisher Great Round World . DEAR MR. HARISON : The conception of The Great Round World magazine appeals to me very strongly . It meets what has always been lacking in the field of reading for the young ; current history is of the highest importance to the child , and should be clearly and honestly told . In their book reading , the children have the established facts of history presented in accurate and approved form . The events of to-day , however , which will make possible the chapters of history in the books of another decade , have never been accurately presented in equally agreeable form until the advent of the new magazine . It seems to me , therefore , that it deserves and will have a vigorous growth . I congratulate you on the form of the new magazine , and the careful summary of the news of the world thus far given . Yours sincerely , CHARLES S. DIEHL . = Special terms for Subscriptions = = TO LIBRARIES AND PUBLIC SCHOOL = = TEACHERS = One trial subscription for one year to any public school teacher in the United States or Canada , $ 1. 00 net ; libraries having a free reading-room for boys and girls , one subscription for $ 1. 00 , any additional subscriptions , $ 1. 50 . Sunday-school libraries , same terms . Sample copy free to any one desiring to examine the little newspaper . Address = William Beverley Harison 3 & 5 W. 18th St. New York = = REMIT BY EXPRESS OR POSTAL ORDER , OR BY BANK DRAFT = = THE FAMOUS “ X RAY ” PICTURES = Copies of the very interesting R ö ntgen or “ X Ray ” photographs can be obtained now from The Great Round World . These famous photographs are mounted on cards , size 11 x 14 inches , and are from selected negatives made by PROF. M. I . PUPIN , of Columbia University , New York , DR. A. W . GOODSPEED , of University of Pennsylvania , and DR. W. F . MAGIE , of Princeton College . A selection of 39 different subjects is offered . = PRICE , 50 CENTS EACH , ( to yearly subscribers of The Great Round World , 40 cents net ) .= Address all orders to THE GREAT ROUND WORLD , or = William Beverley Harison 3 & 5 West 18th Street New York City = = MONOGRAMS MONOGRAMS = Who is Collecting Monograms ? We have been asked by so many of our boys and girls for monograms , that we have had collections made of some of the prettiest , and can now send them to any address , postage paid , upon receipt of the price . The safest ways to remit are by registered letter or postal note . Set No . 1 . 25 printed in one color 25 cents " " 2. " " " " " 35 " " " 3. " " " gold , silver , and bronze 50 " " " 4. " " " " " " " 70 " " " 5. " embossed in gold , silver , and colors 80 " " " 6. " " " " " " " 80 " Complete set , including all of these sets $ 3. 00 Address , = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City = = The Best Pencil Sharpener = = The straight edge cuts “ just like a knife ” with the grain . The circular edge makes a round , smooth cut and leaves the pencil smooth and without a ridge , as if sandpapered . Note the PROTECTED Cutting Edges . The sides of the slot form a guide so you cannot break the point . It cannot slip . You can carry it loose in your pocket without fear of injuring the sharpener or yourself .= The “ SLOT ” Does It YOU CANNOT CUT YOUR FINGERS WITH THIS SHARPENER ] = Sample sent by mail on receipt of 15 cents or 8 two-cent stamps .= Any boy or girl sending 10 two-cent stamps and a correct solution to this puzzle will receive two sharpeners and sample copy of THE GREAT ROUND WORLD . = PUZZLE =— Rearrange these numbers , 1 to 25 , so that each line from side to side , and from top to bottom , also from corner to corner , will , when added , make the same sum . +——+——+——+——+——+ | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | +——+——+——+——+——+ | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | +——+——+——+——+——+ | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | +——+——+——+——+——+ | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | +——+——+——+——+——+ | 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | +——+——+——+——+——+ Any one enclosing $ 1. 50 with correct solution will receive a Slot Sharpener and one year 's subscription to THE GREAT ROUND WORLD , 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City . = School Books Wanted = The following school books will be taken in exchange for subscriptions for “ Great Round World ” at prices named . Send books by express prepaid . Send none which are much soiled or worn ; pages must not be torn nor missing . Mark package — “ GREAT ROUND WORLD , 3 and 5 West 18th Street , New York City , care William Beverley Harison . ” Put your name on package and send a list by mail with your subscription order . = We can use Standard School Books of all kinds , send List of any you may wish to dispose of .= = READERS = Barnes ’ First , 20c . Second , 30c . Third , 40c . Appleton 's " 15c. " 25c. " 30c . Cyr 's " 20c. " 25c. " 30c . New Franklin " 20c. " 30c. " 35c . McGuffey 's Revised " 15c. " 25c. " 30c . Stickney 's " 10c. " 15c. " 20c . Swinton 's " 20c. " 30c. " 40c . Information " 30c. " 30c. " 30c . = HISTORIES , UNITED STATES = Barnes ’ Primary , 40c . Large 1890 or later , 75c . Eggleston 's First Book , 40c. " 75c . Fiske 's " 75c . Johnston 's Shorter , 40c. " 75c . Montgomery 's Beginner 's , 30c. " 75c . Sheldon 's " 50c . Thomas ’ " 50c . = School and College Text-Books = AT WHOLESALE PRICES At my New Store ( FEBRUARY 1ST ) = 3 & 5 West 18th Street = The St. Ann Building With the greatly increased facilities I can now offer to my customers the convenience of an assortment of text-books and supplies more complete than any other in any store in this city . Books will be classified according to subject . Teachers and students are invited to call and refer to the shelves when in search of information ; every convenience and assistance will be rendered them . Reading Charts , miscellaneous Reference Charts , Maps , Globes , Blackboards , and School Supplies at net prices singly or in quantity . All books removed from old store ( more or less damaged by removal ) will be closed out at low prices . Mail orders promptly attended to All books , etc ., subject to approval = William Beverley Harison , 3 & 5 West 18th Street = = FORMERLY 59 FIFTH AVENUE = SIMPLE LESSONS IN THE STUDY OF NATURE By I. G . OAKLEY This is a handy little book , which many a teacher who is looking for means to offer children genuine nature study may be thankful to get hold of . Nature lessons , to be entitled to that name , must deal with what can be handled and scrutinized at leisure by the child , pulled apart , and even wasted . This can be done with the objects discussed in this book ; they are under the feet of childhood — grass , feathers , a fallen leaf , a budding twig , or twisted shell ; these things cannot be far out of the way , even within the stony limits of a city . Nor are the lessons haphazard dashes at the nearest living thing ; on the contrary , they are virtually fundamental , whether with respect to their relation to some of the classified sciences , or with reference to the development of thought and power of expression in the child himself . The illustrations are few , and scarcely more than figures ; it is not meant to be a pretty picture-book , yet is most clearly and beautifully printed and arranged , for its material is to be that out of which pictures are made . It will be found full of suggestions of practical value to teachers who are carrying the miscellaneous work of ungraded schools , and who have the unspeakable privilege of dealing with their pupils untrammelled by cast-iron methods and account-keeping examination records . = Sample copy , 50 Cents , post-paid = = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 & 5 W. 18th St. ··· New York City = = KLEMMS '= = RELIEF PRACTICE MAPS .= = LIST OF MAPS .= Small size , 9-1 / 2 x 11 { Plain , 5 cents each . { With Waterproofed surface 10 " " Europe , Asia , Africa ; North America , South America , East Central States , New England , Middle Atlantic States , South Atlantic States , Palestine , Australia . Large size , 10 x 15 { Plain , 10 cents each . { With Waterproofed Surface , 15 " " United States , British Isles , Roman Empire , Western Europe , North America , South America , Asia . ( POSTAGE ON SINGLE MAPS , 5 CENTS .) “ I would advise = Sunday-school teachers = to use , in connection with the lessons of 1897 , = Klemm 's Relief Map of the Roman Empire =. Every scholar who can draw should have a copy of it . Being blank , it can be beautifully colored : waters , blue ; mountains , brown ; valleys , green ; deserts , yellow ; cities marked with pin-holes ; and the journeys of Paul can be traced upon it . ” — MRS. WILBUR F. CRAFTS , President International Union of Primary Sabbath-School Teachers of the United States . = DESCRIPTION OF THE MAPS .= These maps are made in two forms , both with beautifully executed relief ( embossed ) — the cheaper ones of plain stiff paper similar to drawing paper ( these are to be substituted for and used as outline map blanks ) , the others covered with a durable waterproof surface , that can be quickly cleaned with a damp sponge , adapted to receive a succession of markings and cleansings . Oceans , lakes , and rivers , as well as land , appear in the same color , white , so as to facilitate the use of the map as a = geographical slate =. = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON 3 & 5 W. 18th St. ··· New York City = = Evolution of Empire Series = UNITED STATES BY MARY PLATT PARMELE AUTHOR OF =" Who ? When ? What ? ” “ France , ” “ Germany , ” “ England , ” Etc .= Price , Post-paid 75 Cents From New York Sun Editorial Dec. 30 , 1896 . In too many of the little school histories there is but a tedious , bare narrative of apparently unconnected facts , and there is a profitless rigmarole of dates and names : but when the sequence of cause and effect is not obscured , and form and life are given to the actors , and the development of events and institutions is traced , the story of the United States becomes , as it should become , the most , fascinating as it is the most important of histories to Americans ; and whatever in historical inquiry and writing promotes accuracy , adds detail , and clears up obscurity , increases the worth and the , charm of the work . W. B . Harison has published in his “ Evolution of Empire ” series , a brief historical sketch of the United States , by Mary Platt Parmele , whose other volumes in the series have received cordial praise . In this book one finds the story of our country told in about 300 pages , and very interestingly is it written . The book leaves out the innumerable incidents and figures which are of great importance to students , but which are not necessary in a book for general reading , and presents the narrative in a graphic manner , in which the interest of the reader never flags . The book is bound in blue buckram and costs but 75 cents . The other volumes in the series deal with the histories of France , England , and Germany , in the same brilliant vein .— Hartford Post . Its value does not lie in the multitude of facts which it contains , but rather in the lucid , natural way in which a few really important facts are presented and grouped , and in the stimulus which it imparts to a rational study of our country 's history .— The Review of Reviews . In “ The Evolution of an Empire , ” Mary Platt Parmele has endeavored to give in outline the story of the discovery , settlement , and development of the United States of America , touching only upon vital points and excluding all detail . The task has been a most difficult one on account of the constant temptation to deal with matters of minor importance . The author has , however , succeeded in making a very acceptable book .— Boston Transcript . The latest issue in the “ Evolution of an Empire ” series is Mary Platt Parmele 's “ History of the United States . ” It is a short and simple outline , which presents in a book of about 300 pages the main facts of our national history , and a very fair and judicial presentment it is , too . While the general reader will find it of interest , it has been prepared more particularly for the young , who are easily wearied by the prolix details which encumber so many of the histories prepared for them . Mrs. Parmele very truly remarks that the child , bewildered in a labyrinth of unfamiliar names and events , fails to grasp the main lines and soon dislikes history , simply because he has been studying , not with a thinking mind , but with one overtaxed faculty , memory , intended to be the humble handmaid of the higher faculties . In the work under consideration , she begins with the first voyage of Columbus and brings us down to the principal events of 1893 ; she is sparing of details , and has merely skeletonized her theme , adding sufficient of incident , to avoid dryness . It seems a meritorious and well-prepared work , and a chronological table adds to its value .— The Detroit Free Press . = WILLIAM BEVERLEY HARISON = = 3 and 5 West 18th St .— 44 East 49th St .= = NEW YORK CITY =