THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 19 . No . 553 .] SATURDAY , JUNE 23 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . DUNHEVED CASTLE , CORNWALL . DUNHEVED CASTLE , CORNWALL . These mouldering ruins occupy the crest of the hill , upon which stands the town of Launceston , near the centre of the eastern side of the county of Cornwall . They are the works of a thousand years since , when might triumphed over right with an unsparing hand , and when men perpetrated by fire and sword millions of murders , which , through the ignorance and credulity of their fellow creatures , have been glossed over with the vain glory of heroism . The ancient name of Launceston was Dunheved , or the Swelling Hill ; its present appellation , according to Borlase , the antiquarian illustrator of Cornwall , signifies , in mixed British , the Church of the Castle . The latter structure is the most important object in the town , to which , in all probability , it gave origin . The remains surround a considerable extent of ground , and prove it to have been a very strong and important fortress . Borlase , who examined the building with great attention about the middle of the last century , thus describes it :— “ The principal entrance is on the north-east , the gateway 120 feet long ; whence , turning to the right , you mount a terrace , running parallel to the rampart till you come to the angle , on which there is a round tower , now called the Witches ’ Tower , from which the terrace runs away to the left at right angles , and continues on a level parallel to the rampart , which is nearly of the thickness of 12 feet , till you come to a semicircular tower , and , as I suppose , a guard-room and gate . From this the ground rises very quick , and , through a passage of seven feet wide , you ascend the covered way betwixt two walls , which are pierced with narrow windows for observation , and yet cover the communication between the base-court and the keep or dungeon . The whole keep is 93 feet diameter ; it consisted of three wards : the wall of the first ward was not quite three feet thick ; and therefore , I think , could only be a parapet for soldiers to fight from , and defend the brow of the hill . Six feet within it stands the second wall , which is twelve feet thick , and has a staircase three feet wide , at the left hand of the entrance , running up to the top of the rampart ; the entrance of this staircase has a round arch of stone over it . Passing on to the left , you find the entrance into the innermost ward , and on the left of that entrance a winding staircase conducts you to the top of the innermost rampart ; the wall of which is 10 feet thick , and 32 feet high from the floor ; the inner room is 18 feet 6 inches diameter ; it was divided by a planking into two rooms . The upper room had to the east and west two large openings , which were both windows and ( as I am inclined to think ) doors , also in time of action to pass from this dungeon out upon the principal rampart , from which the chief defence was to be made ; for it must be observed , that the second ward was covered with a flat roof , at the height of that rampart , which made the area very roomy and convenient for numbers . These openings , therefore , upon occasion , served as passages for the soldiers to go from one rampart to the other . In the upper room of the innermost building there was a chimney to the north ; underneath there was a dungeon , which had no lights . The lofty taper hill , on which this strong keep is built , is partly natural and partly artificial . It spread farther in the town anciently than it does now ; and , by the radius of it , was 320 feet diameter , and very high . ” The building of Dunheved Castle has been generally attributed to William , Earl of Moreton and Cornwall , the son and heir of Robert , Earl of Moreton , to whom 288 manors in this county were given by William the Norman . “ But this opinion is most probably erroneous , as the style of workmanship exhibited in several parts of the remains , is apparently of a much earlier date . The walls of the keep , in particular , have every appearance of being considerably more ancient ; and from a retrospective view of the events that have happened in this county , the conjecture appears to be fully warranted , that its foundation is as remote as the time of the Britons , who would undoubtedly endeavour to defend their territory both from Roman and Saxon usurpation , by fortifying the more advanced and important situations . The most therefore that can with certainty be attributed to the above earl , is the repairing and extending the fortifications . Carew , in his Survey of Cornwall , published in 1602 , mentions the finding about sixty years before , ‘ of certain leather coins in the castle walls , whose fair stamp and strong substance till then resisted the assaults of time . ’ These singular coins , if they had been preserved or their impressions had been copied , might have thrown some light on the age of the building , as money of similar substance was employed by Edward I. in erecting Caernarvon Castle in Wales , ‘ to spare better bullion ,'[ 1 ] Some Roman coins have likewise , according to Borlase , been found in this neighbourhood ; so that it is not unlikely that the Romans had possession of this fortress , which , from its situation near the ford of the river Tamar , was a fort of great importance . The earliest historical documents that are known concerning the castle , mention the displacing of Othomarus de Knivet , its hereditary constable , for being in arms against the Conqueror . It was then , as before mentioned , given to Robert , Earl of Moreton , whose son William , kept his court here . From him it reverted to the crown , but continued attached to the earldom of Cornwall till Edward III . when it was constituted and still continues , part of the inheritance of the Duchy . In Leland 's time , several gentlemen of the county held their lands by castle-guard , being bound to repair and defend the fortifications of this castle . [ 2 ] During the civil wars , this fortress was garrisoned for the king , and was one of the last supports of the royal cause in this part of the county . "[ 3 ] [ 1 ] Kennet 's Parochial Antiquities . [ 2 ] Leland says “ the hill on which the Keep stands , is large and of a terrible height , and the arx ( i. e .) Keep , of it , having three several wards , is the strongest , but not the biggest , that I ever saw in any ancient work in England . ” [ 3 ] Beauties of England and Wales , vol . ii . The reader may more than once have noticed our predilection for illustrating the castellated antiquities of Britain in our pages . We have a threefold object in this choice : first , the architectural investigation of these structures is of untiring interest ; the events of their histories are so many links in the annals of our country ; while they enable us to take comprehensive glances of the domestic manners of times past , and by contrasting them with the present , to appreciate the peaceful state of society in which we live . Happily , such means of defence as castles supplied to our ancestors , are no longer requisite . The towers , ramparts , and battlements that once awed the enemy , or struck terror into an oppressed people , are now mere objects of curiosity , The unlettered peasant gazes upon their ruins with idle wonder ; the antiquary explores their flittering masses with admiration and delight . The breaches of the last siege are unrepaired ; the courtyard is choked up and overgrown with luxuriant weeds ; the walls become dank and discoloured with rank vegetation ; the winds and rains of heaven displace and disintegrate their massive stones ; the tempest tears them as in a terrific siege ; or the slow and silent devastations of nature go on beneath ivy and mossy crusts obscuring the proud work of man 's hand , and defacing its glories in desert waste . Such effects the reader may witness in a few of the illustrations of the present volume : the long tale of conquest upon conquest is told from the Norman sway to the Revolution , in the history of Pontefract Castle ( page 50 ) ; the picturesqueness of decay in the towers of Wilton ( page 306 ) ; and the stratagems of war in the mounds and lines of Dunheved . THE LATE MR. COLTON . ( From a Correspondent .) The recent death of this eccentric man of letters may perhaps render the following recollections generally interesting . I remember once spending an afternoon with him at Mr. Tucker 's , quill merchant , Middleton-street , Clerkenwell ; when I was delighted with the spontaneous flow of his Latin , his quotations from the ancient and modern poets , and indeed his masterly and eloquent developement of every subject that his acute intellect chose to dilate upon ; I was , however , sorry to perceive there was occasionally a want of “ holding in ” in his conversation upon points which a due self-respect for those acquirements which he possessed , equal to any individual living , should have taught him to have observed . To describe this deficiency as laconically as possible , Mr. Colton wanted that mental firmness which the unfortunate Burns has aptly enough termed “ Self-control . ” I once saw him , in the company of the above mentioned Mr. Tucker , seat himself , at Edmonton Fair , in one of those vulgar vehicles called swings : he was highly delighted with the novelty of the exercise , which he enjoyed amidst the rude stare and boisterous grins of the motley group around him ; “ this is life , ” said he , upon getting out of the swing , “ what shall we see next ? ” In his poem of Hypocrisy , he has beautifully eulogized General Graham , who showed his sense of this intellectual tribute by sending the author a complimentary piece of plate . Like Goldsmith , Mr. Colton entertained an unfortunate predilection for gaming , and although he often proved a better match for his wily antagonists than “ the mild bard of Auburn ” was to his , still he was subject to the fluctuations of the Goddess of Chance , and the quiet charms of literature which once had a beautiful hold upon his mind , were succeeded by the demons of worldly anxiety , which heavy losses , among professed gamesters as acute as himself , would occasionally subject him to . ENORT . NAPOLEON AT ST. HELENA . ( To the Editor .) Perhaps the following traits of the national fidelity of the French people may not be unacceptable to some of your readers . During my stay at St. Helena , about six months ago , a French transport arrived with an old regiment of French soldiers , who had fought under Napoleon , and who had been from France ever since the exile of the emperor . When they came on shore , they marched in regularity and silence to the tomb , before which they knelt ( many weeping ) and uttered prayers for their fallen emperor : this done , they marched back to the town with the same regularity and silence , and returned to their ship much affected . The account of Captain Mundy 's visit to Longwood is very correct . [ 4 ] The billiard table which he mentions is still there , and gentlemen visiting Longwood , generally play there ; the trees which he so justly calls “ scrubby ” are “ gum-wood ” trees , from which an intoxicating liquor ( called by the natives “ Toddy , ” ) is extracted . The garden has lately been much improved , as several gentlemen of the island have taken up their residence at the New House . In the vicinity of Longwood are many beautiful and romantic scenes . About a mile from thence is Halley 's Mount , from which that great astronomer observed the transit of Venus . It is but too true that Napoleon 's parlour is now occupied by a threshing machine . H. M. B . [ 4 ] See Supplementary Number of the Mirror , No . 549 . SCRIPTURAL HERALDRY . ( To the Editor .) At Sturminster Newton , in Dorsetshire , there is an Infant and Sunday School , founded by the Rev . T. L . Fox . A handsome bronzed gateway forms the entrance , which is surmounted by an escutcheon , containing what may be termed the Christian 's armorial bearings , ( see Ephesians vi . 14 , & c .) The shield itself denotes “ the shield of faith ; ” on the four divisions are emblazoned “ the girdle of truth ; ” “ the breast-plate of righteousness ; ” “ feet , shod with the gospel of peace , ” and “ the sword of the spirit ; ” the crest is “ the helmet of salvation , ” over which is a crown of glory ; the motto “ THE FOUNDATION OF GOD STANDETH SURE . ” The benevolence of the reverend founder of this establishment should not pass unnoticed . Pope has described his character to a tittle , in his Man of Ross — “ Who bade the heaven directed spire to rise , ” & c . Not only has he rebuilt the church in handsome style — presented it with a noble organ , & c ., and founded the above school , but the whole business of his life appears to be to provide by his munificence for the present comfort , and by his pastoral labours , for the future happiness , of all around him . A humble slab of white marble over the south door of the church , bears the following inscription : TO RECORD THEIR GRATITUDE FOR MUNIFICENCE , DIRECTED TO THE INCREASE OF CHARITY AND RELIGION , THIS STONE IS DEDICATED BY THE INHABITANTS OF STURMINSTER NEWTON , TO THE REVD . THOMAS LANE FOX , OF HINTON , [ 5 ] ST. MARY , IN THIS COUNTY , A. D. 1827 . COLBOURNE . [ 5 ] Hinton is about a mile from Sturminister Newton . ANECDOTE GALLERY . HOBBES AT CHATSWORTH . [ 6 ] [ 6 ] From Rhodes 's “ Peak Scenery . ” Of all the personages connected with the local history of Chatsworth , who may have been rendered conspicuous either by their situation or their talents , perhaps no one has a more powerful claim to notice than the once celebrated latin poet and philosopher , Hobbes : his connexion with the Devonshire family began early in life , and Chatsworth , in consequence , became his occasional residence ; he was a man originally of a weak constitution , and he is said to have been subject through life to imaginary and unnecessary personal fears , which continually preyed upon and agitated his spirits ; yet by a strict and uniform attention to diet and exercise , he lived to the age of 92 . He was a very early riser , and as soon as he had quitted his bed he walked or rather ran to the tops of some of the hills about Chatsworth , that he might enjoy a fresher and a purer breeze than circulated through the valley . This practice he continued until he was compelled to relinquish it by the infirmities of age . After breakfast he visited the Earl and the Countess of Devonshire and their children , until about twelve o'clock , when he dined in a private apartment by himself : he then retired to his own room , where ten or twelve pipes , filled with tobacco , were ranged in a row on his table ready to be used in succession : he then commenced his usual afternoon 's employment of smoking , thinking , and writing , which he continued for several hours . When thus engaged he was frequently visited by foreigners of distinction , who were attracted to Chatsworth chiefly by the celebrity which Hobbes had acquired amongst the learned and the great . St. Evermond , in one of his letters to Waller , which is dated from Chatsworth , details some interesting particulars of this extraordinary man , whom he found , as he expresses it , “ like Jupiter , involved in clouds of his own raising . ” He says , “ I now write to you from the Earl of Devonshire 's , where I have been this fortnight past , paying my devotions to the Genius of Nature . Nothing can be more romantic than this country except the region about Valois , and nothing can equal this place in beauty but the borders of the Lake . “ It was not , however , so much the desire of seeing natural curiosities that drew me hither : there is a certain moral curiosity under this roof which I have long wished to see , and my lord Devonshire had the goodness to indulge me by a very kind invitation : I need not tell you that I mean the great philosopher Mr. Hobbes , so distinguished for the singularity of his sentiments and disposition . I arrived a little before dinner , notwithstanding which the earl told me he believed I was too late to see Mr. Hobbes that day . ‘ As he does not think like other men , ’ said his lordship , ‘ it is his opinion that he should not live like other men ; I suppose he dined about two hours ago , and he is now shut up for the rest of the day : your only time to see him is in the morning , but then he walks so fast up those hills that unless you are mounted on one of my ablest hunters you will not keep pace with him . ’ It was not long before I obtained an audience extraordinary of this literary potentate , whom I found like Jupiter involved in clouds of his own raising . He was entrenched behind a battery of ten or twelve guns , charged with a stinking combustible called tobacco . Two or three of these he had fired off , and replaced them in the same order . A fourth he levelled so mathematically against me , that I was hardly able to maintain my post , though I assumed the character and dignity of ambassador from the republic of letters . ‘ I am sorry for your republic , ’ said Hobbes , ‘ for if they send you to me in that capacity , they either want me or are afraid of me : men have but two motives for their applications — interest and fear ; but the latter is in my opinion most predominant . ’ I told him that my commission extended no farther than to make him their compliments and to enquire after his health . ‘ If that be all , ’ said he , ‘ your republic does nothing more than negotiate by the maxims of other states , that is , by hypocrisy : all men are necessarily in a state of war , but all authors hate each other upon principle : for my part , I am at enmity with the whole corps , from the bishop of Salisbury down to the bell-man : nay , I hate their writings as much as I do themselves : there is nothing so pernicious as reading ; it destroys all originality of sentiment . My lord Devonshire has more than ten thousand volumes in his house ; I entreated his lordship to lodge me as far as possible from that pestilential corner : I have but one book , and that is Euclid , but I begin to be tired of him ; I believe he has done more harm than good ; he has set fools a reasoning . ’ ‘ There is one thing in Mr. Hobbes 's conduct , ’ said lord Devonshire , ‘ that I am unable to account for : he is always railing at books , yet always adding to their number . ’ ‘ I write , my lord , ’ answered Hobbes , ‘ to show the folly of writing . Were all the books in the world on board one vessel , I should feel a greater pleasure than that Lucretius speaks of in seeing the wreck . ’ ‘ But should you feel no tenderness for your own productions ? ’ ‘ I care for nothing , ’ added he , ‘ but the Leviathan , and that might possibly escape by swimming . ’ ” Hobbes remained at Chatsworth until a very short time before his death . The Earl of Devonshire and his family were removing to Hardwick Hall in the same county , and Hobbes , who felt his days were fast drawing to a close , was anxious to be near them in his last moments ; his journey , though short , was accompanied with both pain and inconvenience : he travelled on a feather bed , and in a few days after his arrival at Hardwick a paralysis terminated his existence on the 4th of December , 1679 . MANNERS & CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS . ANCIENT PASTIMES . From early records it appears that the amusements of our ancestors had a direct tendency to utility ; since nearly all their recreations were resolvable into public defence against the attacks of an enemy . The “ play at ball was , ” says Fitz-Stephen , “ derived from the Romans , and was the common exercise of every schoolboy . ” The intention of this game was to make the young men active , nimble , and vigourous , whenever they should be called upon to fight the battles of their country . The necessity of the above accomplishments must be obvious to all who are the least acquainted with their manner of fighting . Another species of exercise was truly martial . It is related by Fitz-Stephen thus : “ Every Friday in Lent a company of young men enter the field on horseback , conducted by the best horsemen . Then march forth the sons of citizens and other young men armed with lances and shields , and these practise feats of war , and show by good proof how serviceable they would be in martial affairs . ” This is evidently of Roman descent , and cannot fail of bringing to our recollection the “ Ludus Trojae , ” which is supposed to be the invention , as it was the exercise , of Ascanius . The common people in that age of masculine manners made every kind of amusement , where strength was exerted , the subject of instruction and improvement . In those vacant intervals of industry vulgarly entitled “ holidays , ” indolence which characterizes the present period , was left to the aged or infirm . The writer whom we have before quoted says “ The youths are exercised in the summer holidays in leaping , dancing , wrestling , casting the hammer , the stone , and in practising their shields ; and in winter holidays the boars prepared for brawn are set to fight , or else in bull and bear baiting . ” Such we see were the pursuits to which our forefathers devoted their leisure time in or about the year 1130 . Their immediate descendants breathed the same spirit . In 1222 certain masters , or professors as we should call them , made a public profession of their instruction and discipline , which they imparted to those who were desirous of making themselves perfect in the above honourable achievements , which we think they were , in spite of these enlightened times , or of the slow “ march of intellect . ” But of all the manly pastimes our ancestors delighted to honour , archery appears to have gained the greatest sway over the hearts of the multitude . It is stated that through the introduction of several “ pernicious games , ” it had for a long time been disused , and in the 33rd year of the reign of Henry VIII . a statute was made for its revival ; it then continued till the reign of Charles I . A faint trial to revive it has again been attempted , but we doubt its success . James I ., at the beginning of his reign , to gratify the people , published a book of sports , of which the women had some time before participated on Sunday evenings , but which had been prohibited . These sports consisted of dancing , ringing , wrestling , and other profanations of that day , and which had risen to such a height that the land would have been deluged with immorality , if Charles I. had not wisely shown his piety , by totally abolishing them ; this he did as soon as he came to his throne . In this reign may be said to have ended all those games that taught Britons to defend their altars and their homes , and unhappily nothing has been since instituted to compensate for their loss . E. J. K . ORIGIN OF THE ARTILLERY COMPANY . Stowe tells us — “ About the year 1585 , certain gallant , active , and forward citizens , having had experience abroad and at home , voluntarily exercised themselves , and trayned uppe others , for the readie use of warre , so as within two years , there was almost three hundredth marchants , and others of like quality , very sufficient and skillful to traine and teache common souldiers , the managing of their peeces , pikes , and holberds , to march countermarch , and ring ; which said marchants , for their owne perfection in military affairs and discipline , met every Tuesday in the year , practising all usual points of warre , and every man by turn bare orderly office , from the Corporall to the Captain : some of them in the yeare 1588 had charge of men in the great Campo at Tilbury , and were generally called Captaines of the Artillery Garden . ” After the defeat of the Spanish Armada , the association soon fell to decay . The ground they used was at the north extremity of the city , nigh Bishopsgate , and had before been occupied ( says Ellis ) by the “ fraternity of artillery , ” or gunners of the Tower . From the company 's register , the only book they saved in the civil wars , it appears that the association was revived in the year 1611 , by warrant from the privy council ; and the volunteers soon amounted to six thousand . In the year 1640 , they quitted their old field of discipline , and entered upon a plot of ground in Bunhill-fields , leased to them by the city .— ( See Ellis 's History of Shoreditch , and Nicholson 's London Artillerie .) In the thirteenth year of the reign of Henry VII . “ All the gardens which had continued time out of mind without Moorgate : to wit , about and beyond the lordship of Fensberry ( Finsbury ) were destroyed : and of them was made plain field for archers to shoote in . ” This was the origin of what is now called the Artillery Ground . P. T. W . HINDOO BURIAL SERVICE . During the funeral ceremony , in some parts of Hindostan , the Brahmins address the respective elements in words to the following purport :— “ O Earth ! to thee we commend our brother ; of thee he was formed , by thee he was sustained , and unto thee he now returns ! “ O Fire ! thou hadst a claim in our brother during his life ; he subsisted by thy influence in nature , to thee we commit his body , thou emblem of purity , may his spirit be purified on entering a new state of existence ! “ O Air ! while the breath of life continued , our brother respired by thee ; his last breath is now departed , to thee we yield him ! “ O Water ! thou didst contribute to the life of our brother , thou wert one of his sustaining elements . His remains are now dispersed , receive thy share of him , who has now taken an everlasting flight . ” SWAINE . ORIGIN OF THE ACADEMY DELLA CRUSCA . Crusca is an Italian term , signifying bran , hence the name Academy della Crusca , or the Bran Academy , which was established at Florence , for purifying and perfecting the Tuscan language ; it was formed in the year 1582 , but scarcely heard of before the year 1584 , when it became noted for a dispute between Tasso and several of its members . According to its origin , its device is a sieve , and its motto , Il piu bel fior ne coglie ; that is , It gathers the finest flour thereof . In the hall or apartment where the Academy meets , every thing bears allusion to the name and device : the seats are in the form of a baker 's basket ; their backs like a shovel for moving of corn ; the cushions of grey satin in form of sacks , or wallets ; and the branches , where the lights are placed , likewise resemble sacks . This Academy is now united with two others , viz . the Fiorentina , and the Apatisti , under the name of Reale Accademia Fiorentina . P. T. W . ANGLO-SAXON DRESS . ( For the Mirror .) “ Among the ornaments , ” says Mr. Turner , “ worn by the ladies , mentioned in the Anglo-Saxon documents , we read of a golden fly , beautifully adorned with gems ; of golden vermiculated necklaces ; of a bulla ; of golden head-bands , and of a neck-cross . The ladies had also gowns ; for a Bishop of Winchester sends us a present , ‘ a shot gown ( gunna ) sown in our manner . ’ Thus we find the mantle , the kirtle , and the gown mentioned by these names among the Saxons , and even the ornaments of cuffs . In the drawings of the manuscripts of these times , the women appear with a long , loose robe , reaching down to the ground , and large loose sleeves . Upon their head is a hood or veil , which falling down before , was wrapped round the neck and breast . All the ladies in the drawing having their necks , from the chin , closely wrapped in this manner , and in none of them is a fine waist attempted to be displayed , nor have their heads any other covering than their hoods . ” W. G. C . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . ARLINGTON , By the Author of “ Granby , ” Is not the most striking novel of the season . This may by some readers be attributed to the absence of that dashing caricatura style and constant aiming at antitheses , which , if it relieve the vapidness of the story , does not add to its natural attractions . Nevertheless , there are pictures of life and manners in these volumes which have the easy and unconstrained air of an author who is not writing for mere effect , but for the purpose of “ holding the mirror up to nature , ” and correcting the follies and vices of the age without attempting to exaggerate them . We do not attempt to unravel the story of Arlington , but quote a few flying extracts . First is a Scandal-loving Letter from Sir Gerald Denbigh to Lady Ulverston , a lady distinguished by a congenial love of tracasserie , and a congenial idolization of social distinctions ; an address which passed for cleverness ; unimpeachable taste in self-adornment ; and who was courted by the ball-going part of London as a dispenser of tickets for Almack 's . “ Do you know you are paying us all a very undeserved compliment in being curious about our proceedings ; and I will not turn the head of any one here , by imparting a syllable touching your inquiries . You ask what the party is composed of — a sign that you do n't consume your invaluable time in spelling newspapers — for Berwick announces the accessions to his menagerie as diligently as Pidcock . Our last arrivals were those Polar bears , the Rochdales , with their pretty youngest daughter , who is surprisingly little , chilly and frozen for a creature that has always been living among icebergs . We are doomed to them for a week , Lord Rochdale having promised to stay so long ; and he is one of those patterns of inconvenient precision , who , having once promised , will certainly pay the heavy debt of visitation to the uttermost minute . Arlington is here — brought expressly to play suitor , and looking affectingly conscious of his r ô le . Berwick , I believe , has told him that he shall die of disappointment , or , what is as bad , shut up his house , if he quits them unaccepted . What an alternative for the poor youth — to be forced to marry at one-and-twenty , or deprive the world of the fortunate master of the best cook in Christendom . “ There is a strange heterogeneous medley here . Fancy , of all living creatures , the Bolsovers being brought hither to meet the Rochdales , whom they suit like point ruffles with a shooting-jacket . Either Berwick has acquired a taste for contrasts , or , in assorting his party , has overlooked every thing but the prospective match , and drawn the rest of the company by lot . His only other considerate arrangement is having Charles Theobald here to swain Lady Bolsover , and talk ‘ Turf ’ with her Lord . This is one of Berwick 's ‘ good-natured things . ’ To do him justice , nobody knows better how to place chacun avec sa chacune ; but it is a pity that in this case it contributes so little to the general amusement ; for really Theobald 's intense flirtation with Lady Bolsover , is the flattest piece of dull indecorum that ever met my virtuous eyes . They are dull , these people — keep him from quadrupeds , and Theobald is a cipher ; and Lady B. has little more than the few ideas which she gets sent over with her dresses from Paris . I know it is mauvais ton to cry them down — but I cannot help it . My sincerity will ruin me some fine day . “ The Hartlands are here : he talks parliament , and she talks strong sense , and tells every body how to do every thing , and seems to say , like Madame de Sevign é' s candid Frenchwoman , Il n'y a que moi qui ai toujours raison . To close the list , we have that good-looking puppy , young Leighton , an underbred youth , spoiled by premature immersion in a dandy regiment , who goes about saying the same things to every body , and labouring to reward the inconsiderate benevolence of you soft-hearted patronesses , by talking as if London lay packed in Willis 's rooms , and nobody existed but on Wednesday nights . Forgive my impertinence ; you know how , in my heart , I revere your oligarchy . “ You will wonder how I amuse myself in the midst of this curious specimen of a social Macedoine — quite well — and am acquiring a taste for that true epicurean apathy which one enjoys in perfection , among people whom one expects neither to interest , nor to be interested by ; and I sit down among them as calmly comfortable as I can conceive a growing cabbage to be in wet weather . I hold my tongue and watch the chaos as gravely as I can , while Berwick labours to make the jarring elements of his party harmonize , and offends every one in turn by trying to talk to him in his own way . I observe this generally irritates people ; nobody likes to be so well understood . “ I can hardly judge at present , but I do n't think Arlington 's suit will prosper , and you will laugh when I tell you why : it is not that the youth is too shy and the maiden too cold ; it is not the officiousness of the Berwicks ;— it is because Lord Arlington has some thirty or forty thousand a-year . He is so rich , and the Rochdales so poor , and so stiffly disinterested withal ; and it is such a mortal sin to think of money in this dirty world , where we cannot live without it , that they actually discourage him , and make it a point of honour to snub him daily , to prove their superiority to mercenary considerations . What weak things your strong-minded people sometimes do ! and what horrors arise from acting upon principle ! I , who have none , fancy I sometimes stumble into right by just doing what I please , and letting others do the same . “ Pray be bountiful , and send me some news , true or false — only if the latter , tell me the inventors . I have had nothing of the kind save a letter from Neville , full of comfortable lies , which I have already re-told , and now dearth is staring us in the face — not five minutes consumption in the house — and we are reduced to talk about each other , Berwick excepted , who falls back upon himself , and tells one again and again the ‘ very good thing ’ he said ten years ago . Tell me something about your intimates — what are their high mightinesses , Ladies Crawford and Cheadle , now doing for the edification of the world ? Has the former forgiven his Majesty of ——? or is she brouill é e with any other potentate ! Has the latter made peace with the Cabinet ? or are Ministers still doomed to exclusion from her parties unless they will be good boys , and do as she bids them ? and is she still chattering party gossip , and thinks all the while she is talking politics ? Send me our dear friend 's last silly thing ; and if you do n't know which is the last , do , pray do , go to her house and gather one . “ I know nothing of Beauchamp but that he is now in Scotland , chin-deep in heather , killing grouse against time for a bet of some hundreds , which he has persuaded some simpleton to make with him . No man knows better than Beauchamp how to get paid for amusing himself . I had never heard , and do n't believe , that Beauchamp is going to take a wife . Whatever you know of this , pray tell me ; and say whose wife — not Sir Robert Ridware 's , I hope ; that would be so illiberal , and so unnecessary ! I hate monopolies ; and , moreover , I have always admired , the example of the poet Thomson , who ate his peaches off the tree . Forgive this pedantry , and any other sins in my letter ; or if you are to scold me , let it be in person . Addio ! fair lady . Yours ,— not unalterably , for that is tiresome ,— but as long as it pleaseth you . “ G. D . ” A pleasant anecdote follows , by Sir James Berwick , “ a busy , meddling , vain , good-humoured man , whose chief ambition it was to be considered thoroughly ‘ a man of the world , ’ and ‘ a good member of society . ’ ” “ I was asked to dine with a Sir Dixie Hickson , a stiff , bluff , beef-eating sort of man , who was under some obligation to me , or I to him , I do n't know which . Well , I forgot name , residence all but the day — came home in a hurry , looked into the Court Guide , found a Sir Hicks Dixon , drove to his house , found a party assembled , bowed to a fat woman in a turban who sailed forward â la maitresse de maison , and simpered an apology , for Sir Hicks ’ , or Sir Dicks ’ , or whatever he might be , ‘ unavoidable absence ; ’ I forget why , ‘ but did not like to put off the party , and hoped to look in in the evening . ’ ( Mind I had never seen the femme Hickson .) Down we went to dinner ; a guest had failed , so there was a place for me ; did not know a soul of the party ; such a set of creatures were never before assembled on God 's earth ! Well , I ate , drank , and talked with the savages , told them some of my best lies , and was growing immensely popular , when in drops Sir Hicks from the country . You should have seen us ! we set each other like two pointers backing in a stubble , with a covey between them , while the femme Dixon kept fussing with an introduction — ‘ Sir Hicks , Sir James ,— Sir James , Sir Hicks ! ’ At last the light broke in , and I explained , and we laughed about it for a whole hour . I was afraid when all was over I should have had to pay my debt of dinner to Sir Dixie ; but the best of it is , I have not seen or heard more of either him or Sir Hicks . It would have served me right if they had asked me to dinner once a week for ever visiting such people . It is not likely that you should know them . ” There is much truth in the following satire upon fashionable travelling ; though persons of fashion are not the only unimproved tourists . In travelling , a man must carry half the entertainment along with him . “ ‘ Listen , ’ said he , ‘ and you will hear more of the uses and advantages of travel . ’ “ Mr. Theobald at that instant was speaking to Lord Bolsover . “ ‘ I will just tell you what I did . Brussels , Frankfort , Berlin , Vienna , Munich , Milan , Naples and Paris ; and all that in two months . No man has ever done it in less . ’ “ ‘ That 's a fast thing ; but I think I could have done it , ’ said Lord Bolsover , ‘ with a good courier . I had a fellow once , who could ride a hundred miles a day for a fortnight . ’ “ ‘ I came from Vienna to Calais , ’ said young Leighton , ‘ in less time than the Government courier . No other Englishman ever did that . ’ “ ‘ Hem ! I am not sure of that , ’ said Lord Bolsover ; ‘ but I 'll just tell you what I have done — from Rome to Naples in nineteen hours ; a fact , upon my honour — and from Naples to Paris in six days . ’ “ ‘ Partly by sea ? ’ “ ‘ No ! all by land ; ’ replied Lord Bolsover , with a look of proud satisfaction . “ ‘ I 'll just tell you what I did , ’ Mr. Leighton chimed in again , ‘ and I think it is a devilish good plan — it shows what one can do . I went straight an end , as fast as I could , to what was to be the end of my journey . This was Sicily ; so straight away I went there at the devil 's own rate , and never stopped any where by the way ; changed horses at Rome and all those places , and landed in safety in —— I forget exactly how long from the time of starting , but I have got it down to an odd minute . As for the places I left behind , I saw them all on my way back , except the Rhine , and I steamed down that in the nighttime . ’ “ ‘ I have travelled a good deal by night , ’ said Theobald . ‘ With a dormeuse and travelling lamp I think it is pleasant , and a good plan of getting on . ’ “ ‘ And you can honestly say , I suppose , ’ said Denbigh , ‘ that you have slept successfully through as much fine country as any man living ? ’ “ ‘ Oh , I did see the country — that is , all that was worth seeing . My courier knew all about that , and used to stop and wake me whenever we came to any thing remarkable . Gad ! I have reason to remember it , too , for I caught an infernal bad cold one night when I turned out by lamp-light to look at a waterfall . I never looked at another . ’ ” SCRIPTURAL ANTIQUITIES . We resume our quotations from this treasurable little volume already noticed in No . 551 , of The Mirror . Taken altogether , it is an exhaustless mine of research upon subjects which have awakened curiosity from childhood to old age — from the little wonder-struck learner on the school form to the patient inquirer with spectacle on nose . The Raven and the Dove at the Deluge . “ We shall quote the interesting account which the Sacred Volume supplies us , of the singular messenger employed by the patriarch , to procure information as to the state of the diluvial waters ;— ‘ And it came to pass at the end of forty days , that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made : and he sent forth a raven , which went to and fro ( in going forth and returning ) , until the waters were dried up from off the earth . Also , he sent forth a dove from him to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground : but the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot , and she returned unto him into the ark : for the waters were on the face of the whole earth . Then he put forth his hand , and took her and pulled her ( caused her to come ) in unto him into the ark . And he stayed yet other seven days , and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark : and the dove came into him in the evening ; and lo ! in her mouth was an olive leaf , plucked off . So Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth . And he stayed yet other seven days , and sent forth the dove which returned not again unto him any more . ’ This narrative , though simple in its style , is expressive and beautiful . There is an eloquent charm which , while it touches the chords of truth , makes the heart respond to the tale . The raven would find sufficient for its carnivorous appetite in the floatage of the animal remains , on the briny flood , and would return to roost on the ark ; but it was far different with Noah 's bird , so long as the waters prevailed , there could be no pause for her weary wing , and the messenger would return to the ark . So soon , however , as the subsidence of the waters had permitted the olive to emerge , a sprig was plucked off , and borne to the patriarch in triumph . Emphatic symbol of peace ! Commemorated through ages , it is still the symbol of peace . Along with the fig tree and vine , it is associated , as the emblem of man 's inheritance , and in the geography of its locality , the patriarch would hail the plain on which it flourished , and from which it was borne , as the place of his former abode . The dove would return , though the olive had emerged , because no food had as yet been provided . How long this ambassador of peace was absent , we cannot tell : we are only informed that the dove returned in the evening . If the winged messenger was despatched early in the day , it is not improbable that the delightful trophy was obtained from Mount Olivet , where , according to the late Dr. Clarke , ‘ the olive still vindicates its parental soil . ’ In considering the question of the geographical distribution of plants , this would likely be the nearest olive plane from the mountains of Armenia . It may be remarked also , that the olive remarkably synchronizes with the habits of the dove ; since , according to Dr. Chandler , in his Travels in Greece , as soon as the olive matures its berries , vast numbers of doves , among other birds , repair for food to the olive groves . It cannot be irrelevant to remind our readers of the habits of the columba tabellaria , or the carrier pigeon , so called from the office to which it has been applied , viz . that of carrying letters , in the Levant , & c. Those of Mesopotamia are the most famous in the world , and the Babylonian carrier pigeon is employed even on ordinary occasions at Bagdad . The geographical locality , therefore , of the carrier pigeon , it is interesting to remember , is in the vicinity of those very mountains where the ark finally rested . With us the carrier pigeon is an exotic , and is now acclimated , or naturalized . Carrier pigeons fly at the rate of fifty miles an hour .— ‘ Napoleon , ’ the name of one of the carrier pigeons which was despatched from London a short time ago , at four o'clock A. M ., reached Liege , in France , about ten o'clock in the day . Mr. Audubon states his having shot the passenger pigeon ( columba migratoria ) in America , and found in its stomach , rice , which could not have been obtained within a distance of eight hundred miles . ” Parable of the Good Samaritan . “ Our readers will remember the beautiful parable of the good Samaritan , and his kindness and compassion for the wounded stranger ‘ who fell among thieves , ’ on his journey from Jerusalem to Jericho . Sichem or Sychar , the district of the Samaritans , and which they now inhabit , is about forty miles from Jerusalem . Jericho is about nineteen miles from the capital of Judea ; and , as it was in the first century , so the intervening country still remains infested by banditti . Sir Frederick Henniker , as late as 1820 , on his journey from Jerusalem to Jericho , was way-laid , attacked by a band of predatory Arabs , and plundered . He was stripped naked , and left severely wounded ; and in this state was carried to Jericho . ” David and Goliath . “ David 's encounter with Goliath , the champion of the Philistines , is mentioned in I Samuel xvii . : and in the 40th verse is described the simple armour with which the shepherd boy , Jesse 's son , repaired to the contest . Many a thirsty pilgrim , as he passes through the valley of Eluh , on the road from Bethlehem to Jaffa ( Joppa ) , has drunk of ‘ the brook in the way ’ — that very brook from whence the minstrel youth ‘ chose him five smooth stones . ’ ‘ Its present appearance , ’ says a recent traveller , ‘ answers exactly to the description given in Scripture ; the two hills on which the armies stood , entirely confined it on the right and left . The valley is not above half a mile broad . Tradition was not required to identify this spot . Nature has stamped it with everlasting features of truth . The brook still flows through it in a winding course , from which David took the smooth stones . ’ ” The Willows of Babylon . “ In reference to the willow and the streams of Babylon , where the Hebrews remembered Zion so mournfully , Sir Robert Ker Porter states , that ‘ the banks of the Euphrates were hoary with reeds , and the grey osier willows were yet there on which the captives of Israel hung their harps , ’ and wept in the land of the stranger . The salix babylonica , or the weeping willow , in its geographical range , sweeps through the plains of Judea , and by the ruins of Babylon , from the verge of the Mediterranean to the frontiers of Japan — a lovely line of beauty — the Niobe of vegetation ! Sad memorial of the mournful march of the captive Hebrews . It is , we think , a very striking circumstance , that these countries should even now retain such unchanged lineaments of their ancient history . Time seems to linger , or move slowly on ; as if the wheels of nature stood still , and paused at the mournful sight of departed grandeur and buried magnificence — BABYLON in ruins ! ‘ MENE !— GOD hath numbered thy kingdom , and finished it ! ’ Mr. Rich has given us a sketch of a spade copied from a Babylonian brick found near El Kasr , and detached from a mass of ruin , in all probability , on the very site of Nebuchadnezzar 's pensile gardens ; and he remarks , that it is almost a fac simile of the spade used at this very day in Chaldea . ” SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . Heating with Hot Water . Mr . A. M. Perkins has communicated to the Gardeners ’ Magazine the details of his plan for heating hot-houses by the circulation of hot water in hermetically sealed tubes of small diameter . Upon the economy of the plan , Mr. Loudon observes :— “ With respect to the power of the one-inch tubes , it has been demonstrated by a mathematician and chemist of the very first authority , that as much will be effected by one of Mr. Perkins 's one-inch tubes , heated to 300 ° as by one of the three-inch tubes , employed in any of the ordinary modes of heating by hot water when heated to 180 °. ” A second advantage of Mr. Perkins 's mode for hot-houses , is the small space which the pipes occupy . A third advantage is , that the water may be circulated without regard to whether the tubes are below or above the level of the fire-place . “ But , however favourable this plan may be for heating hot-houses , the advantage for that class of structures are as nothing compared to those which it offers for heating dwelling-houses and all kinds of manufactories . This will be understood at once , when it is stated that the water may be circulated under ordinary circumstances of attention to the fire , at from 300 ° to 600 °; and , with extraordinary strength of pipe , and application of fuel to a still higher degree . It is found that 400 ° will roast meat . The workmen in the bank-note printing-office of Messrs. Perkins and Bacon have dressed a beefsteak at the further extremity of the pipe of hot water used for heating the steel plates ; and Mr. Perkins is constructing for himself an oven for roasting by water . It is easy to see , that , in a very short time , this will lead to extraordinary and most beneficial changes in domestic arrangements ; and that if we could get rid of our prejudices in favour of open fires , the smoky atmospheres of our great towns would be got rid of at the same time . Water at 500 °, or , at least , water at 300 °, for the purposes of cookery , and for heating reserve cisterns of cold water , or masses of metal or masonry , for various domestic purposes , including warming rooms , heating baths , laundries , & c. may , at no distant time , be circulated by companies , in the same manner as gas ; and , in London , instead of one fire for every room , as at present , there may be only one in a parish , or in every square of an acre in area . ” A Marine Railway for the purpose of conveying vessels overland , has been projected by Mr. Henry Fairbairn , in the United Service Journal for May , 1832 . The vessels are to be raised from the sea by machinery , placed in slips and dragged along the railway by locomotive steam-engines . The same author proposes to connect Ireland with Scotland , by means of a bank between Portpatrick and Donaghadee ; and England with France , by means of a chain bridge , causeway , or tunnel , from Dover to Calais . Over all the lines of marine railways he proposes to form suspension railways , resting upon arches , in the manner of Mr. Dick 's , for the conveyance of passengers , mails , and merchandise . Silk from Spiders . At the last Anniversary of the Society of Arts , the Silver Isis Medal was presented to Mr. D. B . Rolt for obtaining Silk from the Garden Spider . We find the details in the volume of the Society 's Transactions lately published . “ The subject of Mr. Rolt 's experiments has been the garden spider , Aranea diadema , the webs of which , in autumn , are so conspicuous on the surface of shrubs and in other similar situations . On allowing one of these animals to crawl over his hand , he found that it drew a thread with it wherever it went : he likewise , without any difficulty , wound some of this thread over his hand , finding that the spider continued spinning while the thread was winding up . “ On this hint , he connected a small reel with the steam-engine of the factory in which he is occupied , and putting it in motion , at the rate of 150 feet per minute , found that the spider would thus continue to afford an unbroken thread during from three to five minutes . The specimen of this silk , which accompanies Mr. Rolt 's communication , was wound off from twenty-four spiders in about two hours . Mr. R. estimates its length at 18 , 000 feet ; its colour is white , and its lustre is brilliant , and completely metallic , owing , probably , to its great opacity . No attempt has been made by him to combine two or more filaments into one by winding , nor , of course , to form it into thread by throwing . “ The thread of the garden spider is so much finer than that of the silk-worm , that the united strength of five of the former is , according to Mr. Rolt , equal only to one of the latter ; and , assuming that the weight is in proportion to the strength , and that a spider will yield twice a-year a thread 750 feet long , while that produced by a single silk-worm is 1 , 900 feet , it follows that the produce of one silk-worm is equal to that of 6. 3 spiders . Now , as on an average it takes about 3 , 500 silk-worms to produce a pound of silk , it would take about 22 , 000 spiders to produce an equal quantity . Besides , spiders are not so easily confined as silk-worms , and whenever two come in contact , a battle ensues , which ends in the destruction of the weaker one . Spiders kept for silk must , therefore , be each in separate dens or cells ; and the apparatus contrived by Mr. Rolt for this purpose , although very ingenious and well adapted to carry on a course of experiments with a hundred or two , would manifestly be wholly inapplicable to any purpose of commercial utility . Mr Rolt has , however , made some interesting additions to the history of the garden spider , and has obtained the silk in its natural state , exhibiting all its peculiar lustre ; his method , likewise , of winding the silk directly from the animal is , to say the least of it , effectual and ingenious . ” It should be added that “ the Society are of opinion that it will never be possible to employ spiders ’ silk , beautiful as it is , in any profitable manufacture ; but have thought proper to confer a reward on this gentleman for his communication , as forming an interesting addition to the natural history of the spider . ” Medicinal Employment of Holly Leaves . Dr. Rousseau has obtained from the Medico-Botanical Society of London its silver Medal , for an essay on the effects of holly leaves in fever : he has cured several intermittent fevers by the remedy , whose alkali he calls Ilicine .— Gazette of Health . Tobacco no security against Cholera . M. Chevalier proved , from documents , that the assertion made on a former evening , that tobacco was a preservative against cholera , was erroneous . He stated that twenty-seven mechanics employed in the tobacco manufactories had died of the disease .— Ibid . Prussic Acid a Poison to Vegetables . The sensitive plant , when exposed to the vapour of prussic acid , instantly closes its leaves . The same plant , as well as other tender plants , such as the garden pea and kidney bean , when subject to the influence of this acid , quickly wither and die , and the laurel-water has the same effect upon them . It appears also that plants which naturally contain the acid , such as the cherry-laurel and almond tree , are not less susceptible of its poisonous action than others . Seeds , steeped for some time in the acid , lose their power of germination .— Ibid . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE COURT OF EGYPT . A SKETCH . Two or three miles from Cairo , approached by an avenue of sycamores , is Shubra , a favourite residence of the Pasha of Egypt . The palace , on the banks of the Nile , is not remarkable for its size or splendour , but the gardens are extensive and beautiful , and adorned by a Kiosk , which is one of the most elegant and fanciful creations I can remember . Emerging from fragrant bowers of orange trees , you suddenly perceive before you , tall and glittering gates rising from a noble range of marble steps . These you ascend , and entering , find yourself in a large quadrangular colonnade of white marble . It surrounds a small lake , studded by three or four gaudy barques fastened to the land by silken cords . The colonnade terminates towards the water by a very noble marble balustrade , the top of which is covered with groups of various kinds of fish in high relief . At each angle of the colonnade , the balustrade gives way to a flight of steps which are guarded by crocodiles of immense size , admirably sculptured and all in white marble . On the farther side , the colonnade opens into a great number of very brilliant banqueting-rooms , which you enter by withdrawing curtains of scarlet cloth , a colour vividly contrasting with the white shining marble of which the whole Kiosk is formed . It is a favourite diversion of the Pasha himself to row some favourite Circassians in one of the barques and to overset his precious freight in the midst of the lake . As his Highness piques himself upon wearing a caftan of calico , and a juba or exterior robe of coarse cloth , a ducking has not for him the same terrors it would offer to a less eccentric Osmanlee . The fair Circassians shrieking with their streaming hair and dripping finery , the Nubian eunuchs rushing to their aid , plunging into the water from the balustrade , or dashing down the marble steps ,— all this forms an agreeable relaxation after the labours of the Divan . All the splendour of the Arabian Nights is realized in the Court of Egypt . The guard of Nubian eunuchs with their black glossy countenances , clothed in scarlet and gold , waving their glittering Damascus sabres , and gently bounding on their snow-white steeds , is , perhaps , the most picturesque corps in the world . The numerous Harem , the crowds of civil functionaries and military and naval officers in their embroidered Nizam uniforms , the vast number of pages and pipe-bearers , and other inferior but richly attired attendants , the splendid military music , for which Mehemet Ali has an absolute passion , the beautiful Arabian horses and high-bred dromedaries , altogether form a blending of splendour and luxury which easily recall the golden days of Bagdad and its romantic Caliph . Yet this Court is never seen to greater advantage than in the delicious summer palace in the gardens of Shubra . During the festival of the Bairam , the Pasha generally holds his state in this enchanted spot , nor is it easy to forget that strange and brilliant scene . The banqueting-rooms were all open and illuminated , the colonnade full of guests in gorgeous groups , some standing and conversing , some seated on small Persian carpets smoking pipes beyond all price , and some young grandees lounging in their crimson shawls and scarlet vests over the white balustrade , and flinging their glowing shadow over the moonlit water : from every quarter bursts of melody , and each moment the river breeze brought gusts of perfume on its odorous wings . New Monthly Magazine . NOTES OF A READER . SPANISH SUPERSTITION . We find this spice of the Wonderful in the Cabinet Cyclopaedia , History of Spain and Portugal . “ The character of Alfonso must be sufficiently apparent from his actions . It may be added , that his acquirements were of a very superior order . The Astronomical Tables which he composed , and which are called by his name , have been often adduced as proofs of his science . It is , however , certain , that in their construction he was greatly indebted to the Moorish astronomers of Granada , some of whom visited his court for the express purpose of superintending , if not of calculating them . That he had a hand in the composition of the Chronicle which also bears his name , is no less undoubted ; but we should vainly attempt to ascertain the portion issuing from his own pen . In the compilation of the Laws of the Partidas from the Justinian and Wisigothic Codes , he had also a share ,— how large a one must in like manner remain for ever unknown . On the whole , it may be said of him , that , like our James I ., he was an extraordinary instance of weakness and learning . Of his vanity , the well known saying has been often adduced ,— that if he had been consulted at the creation of the world , he could have advised some things for the better . If this saying were really uttered — which there are strong reasons to doubt — it is probable that the king had no blasphemous intention in view , but that he was merely ridiculing the then received system of Ptolemy . ” The following curious account of Alfonso 's punishment for his alleged blasphemy has never been noticed by any writer in this country . It is a translation of an extract made by Ortiz ( Compendio Cronologica de la Historia de Espana , tom . iv . p. 184 . Madrid , 1797 ) , from a MS. in the Royal Library of Madrid :— “ On Saturday , April 2 , aera 1332 ( A. D. 1294 ) , king don Alfonso having heard mass at the hour of tierce in the city of Seville , entered into his chamber , as he had long been wont , to pray before an image of St. Mary ; and while he was praying , a sudden shining light filled the room , like unto the light of fire ; and in this light appeared an angel 's face exceedingly beautiful . And when the king saw it he was much afraid , and he said , ‘ I conjure thee , in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , to tell me what thou art ,— whether thou art a good or evil spirit ! ’ And the angel answered , ‘ Fear not ; a messenger am I unto thee , as thou wilt soon perceive . Well , thou knowest how , on such a day , being at table in this city , thou didst blaspheme , and say , that if thou hadst been with God the Father when he made the world and all things in it , thou couldst have mended many of them ; and that many others would have been done which were not done . And God the Father was much offended with thy saying ( supposing it possible for Him to be offended ) , and he was very wroth with thee ; wherefore the Highest gave sentence against thee , to the effect that , since thou didst despise Him who made thee and gave thee honour among men , so shouldest thou be despised by thine own offspring , and shouldest be degraded from thine high estate , and in lowliness end thy days ! Which sentence was revealed to an Augustine friar , while in his cell at Molina studying a sermon that he was to preach the following day . This friar told it in confession to his superior , and the superior to the infante don Manuel , who loves thee like his own soul . And in a week don Manuel came to this city of Seville , and said to thee , “ Tell me , I pray thee , whether thou didst ever speak so and so ? ” and thou repliedst , “ that thou didst speak thus , and wouldst speak so again . ” Wherefore don Manuel was sore grieved , and exhorted thee to amend , and ask pardon of God ; yet thou heardest him not . And for that thou mayest know how all power is from God the Father , and not from any other , the sentence is perfected and fulfilled . And moreover , in as much as thou hast cursed don Sancho thy son , because of the dishonour and rebellion and despite which he hath done thee , know thou for a surety that the Highest hath heard thy curse ;— that all who spring from him shall sink lower and lower , with all their lordship , in such wise that some of them may wish the earth to open and swallow them up : and this shall last until the fourth generation from don Sancho thy son , when thy male heirs shall fail , and none shall remain to inherit this lordship ; and the people shall be in grief and trouble , not knowing what counsel to follow . And all this dole shall be for thy sins and others , especially for the sin which thy son and those of the realm have committed in rising against thee . But the Highest shall send them salvation from the East ,— a right noble king , and a good and a perfect one , and one endued with justice , and with all the great and noble things becoming a king . And he shall be fatherly to the people , in such wise that the living , and those even whose bones lie in the grave , shall bless God for his coming and for his goodness . And he shall be aided by the High God , as he shall well merit ; so his people shall forget their past sufferings , how great ones soever may befall them before that joyful day . Moreover , know thou for a surety , that by reason of thy continual prayers to the Glorious Mother of God , from seventeen years of age until now , she hath obtained from the Highest , that in thirty days hence thy soul depart from the world and enter purgatory , which is good hope ; and in time , when the Highest shall see fit , it shall enter into glory everlasting ! ’ “ And these words being said , the angel vanished : and the king was long afraid . Then he arose quickly , and opened the door of his cabinet , and he found in the room his four chaplains , who never forsook him ; and he had great comfort with them in his sufferings , and in reckoning his hours with them : and he made them bring ink and paper , and he made them write down all which the angel had told him . And during the thirty days he confessed and communicated every third day ; and except on Sundays , during the whole thirty days , he ate only three mouthfuls of bread in the week , and drank water only , and that no more than once a day . And he confirmed his last testament , and promoted his servants . And at the end of the thirty days , his soul departed according to the angel 's warning , which he knew through the intercession of Our Lady the Virgin St. Mary . ” Ortiz thinks it necessary to enter into a formal and lengthened refutation of the angel 's visit , and to prove , from the style , the anachronisms , and other circumstances , that it must be a forgery . Don Rodrigo Sanchez de Arevalo , bishop of Valencia ( in his Historia Hispana , lib . iv . cap . 5 .) , was the first to publish the apparition , but with many varying circumstances . He says that the angel appeared in a dream to one Pedro Martinez of Pampliega , of the household of the infante don Manuel ; and that , by order of the celestial messenger , Pedro waited on the king at Burgos , who ridiculed the whole matter . Some days having passed , Alfonso went to Segovia , where he was troubled by another visit from a holy hermit , who exhorted him to repentance . The king having caused the messenger to be kicked out of the palace , there arose a furious storm , attended with thunder and lightning , which the night season rendered still more awful ; the liquid element fell into the royal apartment , and consumed the queen 's wardrobe . The terrified king immediately sent in search of the hermit , begged pardon of God , and confessed his impiety . CHARACTER OF ISABEL OF SPAIN . If we except our Elizabeth , and Catherine of Russia , no princess of modern times can equal Isabel in ability , or in the success of her administration : and , in the qualities of her heart , in Christian fervour , and an unspotted life , how far does she not exceed either ! Prudent in the formation , yet prompt in the execution , of her plans ; severe towards guilt , yet merciful towards misfortune ; unbending in her purposes , yet submissive to her husband ; of rigid virtue , yet indulgent to minor frailties ; devout without ostentation , and proud without haughtiness ; feeling towards the pains of others , yet exhibiting no sentiment of her own , she might well command the respect , no less than the affection , of her people . Of her humble piety an anecdote is related , with great applause , by catholic writers . When the sovereigns of Castile were at confession , it was usual for the priest to kneel at the same time with themselves . The first time she attended this duty , after her elevation to the throne , she knelt ; but the priest , Fernando de Talavera , quietly seated himself beside her . On her expressing some surprise that he also did not kneel , the friar replied , “ This , senora , is the tribunal of God , whom I here represent , and I shall therefore remain seated ; your highness will continue to kneel ! ” After her devotions were concluded , instead of expressing any resentment , she observed to an attendant , “ This is just the director I have long sought ! ” The friar became archbishop of Granada . Her only defect — yet it is surely great enough — is her approval of the infernal tribunal which consigned to torture , imprisonment , or death , so many thousands of her subjects . Strange that this very lady , whom sufferings so exquisite could not move , should have been the constant and successful advocate of the Moors , whenever any town or fortress was taken by storm . To Isabel must be ascribed the glory of the enterprise of Columbus in his discovery of America . At first she received with natural coldness the proposals of this wonderful man ; but overcome at length by the representation of a monk , the friend of Columbus , and still more by the resistless reasoning of the navigator himself , whom she admitted to her presence , she borrowed the sum of money necessary for the armament , and bade him depart . THE GATHERER . Garratt Election .— Proclamation issued by the Mayor of Garratt .— Whereas his Majesty , the King and Queen , is expected to honour this ancient Corporation with his presence , in their tour to Coxheath ; in order to prevent his Majesty from no impediment in his journey , the worshipful the Mayor and Bailiff , has thought proper the following regulations should be prohibited as following :— Nobody must not leave no dirt , nor any thing in that shape , before the doors nor shops . And all wheelbarrows , carts , dunghills , oyster-shells , cabbage-stalks , and other four-wheeled carriages , must be swept out of the streets . Any one who shall fail of offending in any article , shall be dealt with according to law . J. DUNSTAN , Mayor . Punishment of Death .— The Morning Herald of the 14th states — “ We have it on the authority of one who heard the fact from a member of the Privy Council , ( at present a Cabinet Minister ,) that he frequently saw George the Fourth in a state of extraordinary agitation at the meeting of the Council , when the fate of a criminal was under consideration . He would contend the matter with the ministers and leave the table , and lean sometimes on the chimney-piece , advocating the cause of mercy , until overruled by his responsible advisers . ” Erratum in the Washington “ Globe . ” — For “ Bumbleton 's storm destroying porringers , ” read “ Hamilton 's worm-destroying lozenges . ” Plain Sermons .— Bishop Heber has the following sensible remark in his Journal of Travels :— “ I am , on the whole , more and more confirmed in the opinion which Horsley has expressed in one of his Sermons , that a theological argument , clearly stated in terms derived from the English language exclusively , will generally be both intelligible and interesting to the lower classes . They do not want acuteness , or power of attending ; it is their vocabulary only which is confined , and if we address them in such words as they understand , we may tell them what truths we please , and reason with them as subtlely as we can . ” Chelsea Heroines .— In the year 1739 was interred in the college burying-ground , Christian Davies , alias Mother Ross , who , according to her own narrative , served in several campaigns under King William and the Duke of Marlborough , and behaved with signal bravery . During the latter part of her life she resided at Chelsea , where her third husband was a pensioner in the college : at this time she subsisted , as she tells us , principally on the benevolence of the quality at court , whither she went twice a-week in a hackney-coach , old age and infirmities having rendered her unable to walk . The famous Hannah Snell , whose history is recorded in various publications of the year 1750 , was actually at that time put upon the out-pensioners list at Chelsea , on account of the wounds which she received at the siege of Pondicherry . Her singular story excited a considerable share of public attention ; and she was engaged to sing , and perform the military exercises at various places of public entertainment : soon afterwards she married one Eyles , a carpenter at Newbury . A lady of fortune , who admired the heroism and eccentricity of her conduct , having honoured her with particular notice , became godmother to her son , and contributed liberally to his education . Mrs. Eyles , to the day of her death , continued to receive her pension , which , in the year 1786 , was augmented by a special grant to a shilling a day . In the latter part of her life she discovered symptoms of insanity , and was admitted a patient into Bethlehem-hospital , where she died , Feb. 8 , 1792 , aged 69 years . Longevity of Chelsea Pensioners .— The following records are collected from among the epitaphs in the college burying-ground : Thomas Azbey , died .. 1737 aged .. 112 Captain Laurence .... 1765 ........ 95 Robert Cumming ...... 1767 ....... 116 Peter Dowling ....... 1768 ....... 102 A soldier who had fought at the battle of the Boyne ............... 1772 ....... 111 Peter Bennet , of Tinmouth .................... 1773 ....... 107 Cholera .— During the late panic , a coalheaver went into a tobacconist 's shop to purchase a halfpenny worth of pig-tail , when a gentleman asked him if he was in any alarm about the cholera ? “ No , measter , ” he said , “ them says it 's only among the lower classes like . ” Calves-Head Roll .— This is a Roll in the two Temples , in which every bencher is taxed yearly at 2s ., every barrister at 1s . 6d ., and every gentleman under the bar at 1s . to the cook , and other officers of the house , in consideration of a dinner of calves-heads , provided in Easter . P. T. W . Curious Registry .— The following entry occurs in the register of the parish of Hanwell , Middlesex , viz . :— “ Thomas , daughter / son of Thomas Messenger , and Elizabeth , his wife , was born and baptized , October 24 , 1731 . ” To which is added in the margin , “ by the midwife , at the font , called a boy , and named by the godfather , Thomas , but proved a girl . ” P. T. W . Aged Dancers .— Sergeant Hoskyns , the owner of Ingeston House , Herefordshire , entertained James I. with a morrice-dance , performed by ten persons , whose united ages exceeded one thousand years , all natives of Herefordshire . P. T. W . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,} London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G. BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .