THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL 10 . No . 283 . SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 17 , 1827 . [ PRICE 2d .] HADDON HALL . The locomotive facility with which the aid of our graphic department enables us to transport our readers , ( for we have already sent them to Sydney ,) is somewhat singular , not to say ludicrous ; and would baffle the wand of Trismegistus , or the cap of Fortunatus himself . Thus , during the last six weeks we have journeyed from the Palace at Stockholm ( No . 277 ) to that of Buckingham , in St. James 's Park , ( 278 ;) thence to Brambletye , in the wilds of Sussex , ( 279 ;) to Hamlet 's Garden at Elsineur , ( 280 ;) then to the deserts of Africa , and Canterbury , ( 281 ;) in our last , ( 282 ,) we introduced our readers to the palatial splendour of the Regent 's Park ; and our present visit is to Haddon Hall , in Derbyshire , one of the palaces of olden time , whose stupendous towers present a strong contrast with the puny palace-building of later days , and the picturesque beauty of whose domain pleasingly alternates with the verdant pride of the Regent 's Park . Haddon is situate about one mile south-east of Bakewell , and is one of the most curious and perfect of the old castellated mansions of this country . It stands on a gentle hill , in the midst of thick woods overhanging the Wye , which winds along the valley at a great depth beneath . The house consists of two courts ; in the centre building behind which is the great hall , with its butteries and cellars . Over the door of the great porch , leading to the hall , are two coats of arms cut in stone ; the one is those of Vernon , the other of Fulco de Pembridge , lord of Tong , in Shropshire , whose daughter and heir married Sir Richard Vernon , and brought him a great estate . In one corner of the hall is a staircase , formed of large blocks of stone , leading to the gallery , about 110 feet in length and 17 in width , the floor of which is said to have been laid with boards cut out of one oak , which grew in the park . In different windows are the arms of England in the garter , surmounted with a crown ; and those of Rutland impaling Vernon with its quarterings in the garter ; and these of Shrewsbury . In the east window of the Chanel adjoining were portraits of many of the Vernon family , but a few years ago the heads were stolen from them . A date of Mi esimo ccccxxvii . is legible . In the north window the name Edwardus Vernon and his arms remain ; and in a south window is Willmus Trussel . In the chapel also stands a Roman altar , dug up near Bakewell . All the rooms ( except the gallery ) were hung with loose arras , a great part of which still remains ; and the doors were concealed every where behind the hangings , so that the tapestry was to be lifted up to pass in or out . The doors being thus concealed , are of ill-fashioned workmanship ; and wooden bolts , rude bars , & c. are their only fastenings . Indeed , most of the rooms are dark and uncomfortable ; yet this place was for ages the seat of magnificence and hospitality . It was at length quitted by its owners , the Dukes of Rutland , for the more splendid castle of Belvoir , in Lincolnshire . For many generations Haddon was the seat of the Vernons , of whom Sir George , the last heir male , who lived in the time of queen Elizabeth , gained the title of king of the Peak , by his generosity and noble manner of living . His second daughter and heir married John Manners , second son of the first Earl of Rutland , which title descended to their posterity in 1641 . For upwards of one hundred years after the marriage , this was the principal residence of the family ; and so lately as the time of the first Duke of Rutland , ( so created by queen Anne ,) seven score servants were maintained , and during twelve days after Christmas , the house was “ kept open . ” A few years before the death of Mrs. Radcliffe , the writer of “ The Mysteries of Udolpho , ” and several other romances , a tourist , in noticing Haddon Hall , ( and probably supposing that Mrs. R. had killed heroes enough in her time ,) asserted that it was there that Mrs. R. acquired her taste for castle and romance , and proceeded to lament that she had , for many years , fallen into a state of insanity , and was under confinement in Derbyshire . Nor was the above traveller unsupported in her statement , and some sympathizing poet apostrophized Mrs. R. in an “ Ode to Terror . ” But the fair romance-writer smiled at their pity , and had good sense enough to refrain from writing in the newspapers that she was not insane . The whole was a fiction , ( no new trick for a fireside tourist ,) for Mrs. Radcliffe had never seen Haddon Hall . In the “ Bijou ” for 1828 , an elegant annual , on the plan of the German pocket-books , ( to which we are indebted for the present engraving ,) are a few stanzas to Haddon Hall , which merit a place in a future number of the MIRROR . POETICAL LOVE-LETTER . ( For the Mirror .) The sweeper of New Haven College , in New England , lately becoming a widower , conceived a violent passion for the relict of his deceased Cambridge brother , which he expressed in the following strain :— Mistress A — y . To you I fly , You only can relieve me ; To you I turn , For you I burn , If you will but believe me . Then , gentle dame , Admit my flame , And grant me my petition : If you deny , Alas ! I die In pitiful condition . Before the news Of your poor spouse Had reached our New Haven , My dear wife died , Who was my bride , In anno eighty-seven . Then being free , Let 's both agree To join our hands — for I do Boldly aver A widower Is fittest for a widow . You may be sure ‘ Tis not your dow'r I make this flowing version ; In those smooth lays I only praise The glories of your person . For the whole that Was left to Mat , Fortune to me has granted In equal store , Nay , I have more . What Mathew always wanted . No teeth , ‘ tis true , You have to shew ; The young think teeth inviting — But , silly youths , I love those mouths Where there 's no fear of biting . A leaky eye , That 's never dry , These woeful times is fitting ; A wrinkled face Adds solemn grace To folks devout at meeting . A furrow 'd brow , Where corn might grow , Such fertile soil is seen i n't , A long hook nose , Though scorn 'd by foes , For spectacles convenient . Thus to go on , I could pen down Your charms from head to foot — Set all your glory In verse before you , But I 've no mind to do't . Then haste away , And make no stay , For soon as you come hither We 'll eat and sleep , Make beds and sweep , And talk and smoke together . But if , my dear , I must come there , Tow'rd Cambridge strait I 'll set me , To touze the hay On which you lay , If , madam , you will let me . B . EARLY RISING . ( For the Mirror .) “ Whose morning , like the spirit of a youth , That means to be of note , begins betimes . ” SHAKSPEARE 'S Ant . and Cleop . It is asserted by a tragic poet , “ est nemo miser nisi comparatus ; ” which , by substituting one single word , is exactly applicable to our present subject ; “ est nemo serus nisi comparatus . ” All early rising is relative ; what is early to one , is late to another , and vice vers â. “ The hours of the day and night , ” says Steele , ( Spec . No . 454 .) “ are taken up in the Cities of London and Westminster , by people as different from each other as those who are born in different countries . Men of six o'clock give way to those of nine , they of nine to the generation of twelve ; and they of twelve disappear , and make room for the fashionable world , who have made two o'clock the noon of the day . ” Now since , of these people , they who rise at six pique themselves on their early rising , in reference to those who rise at nine ; and they , in their turn , on theirs , in reference to those who rise at twelve ; since , like Homer 's generations , they “ successive rise , ” and early rising is , therefore , as I said , a phrase only intelligible by comparison , we must ( as theologians and politicians ought oftener to do ) set out by a definition of terms . What is early rising ? Is it to rise “ What time the shepherd , blowing of his nails , Can neither call it perfect day nor night ? ” “ Patience ! ” I think I hear some of my fair readers exclaim , “ Is this the early rising this new correspondent of the MIRROR means to enforce ? Drag us from our beds at peep of day ! The visionary barbarian ! Why , ferocious as our Innovator is , he would just as soon drag a tigress from her 's ! We will not obey this self-appointed Dictator ! ” Stay , gentle ladies ; in the first place I am not going to enforce this or any other hour ; in the second place , I am not going to enforce early rising at all .— Convinced you feel , with me , the importance of time , and your responsibility for its right improvement , I leave it to your consciences whether any part of it should be uselessly squandered in your beds . The moral culpability of late rising is when it interferes with the necessary duties of the day ; and though , my fair readers , you may in a great measure claim exemption from these , I would still , simply in reference to your health and complexions , advise you not to exceed seven o'clock . But , to effect this , a sine qu â non is , retiring early , say at eleven — ( though really I am too liberal .) — When people were compelled to retire at the sound of the curfew , when “ The curfew toll 'd the parting knell of day , ” early rising was a necessary consequence , as they were earlier tired of their beds ; and this may account for the singular difference between ancient and modern times in this respect ; so that late rising , though a modern refinement , is by no means exclusively attributable to modern luxury and indolence , but partly to a change of political enactments , ( you see , ladies , I am giving you every chance .) In the man of business , late rising is perfectly detestable ; but to him , instead of the arguments of health and moral responsibility for time , ( or rather in addition to these arguments ,) I would urge the argumentum ad crumenam ; which is so pithily , however homelily , expressed in these two proverbs , which he cannot be reminded of once too often : “ Early to bed , and early to rise , Will make a man healthy , wealthy , and wise . ” “ There are no gains without pains ; Then plough deep , while sluggards sleep . ” And a third proverb is a compendium of my advice to both classes of readers : “ He who will thrive must rise at five ; He who has thriven may sleep till seven . ” So then we have defined what early rising is ; seven , to those who have nothing to do ,— as soon as ever business calls , to those who have . Was ever bed of sloth more eloquently reprobated than in the following lines from the Seasons ? “ Falsely luxurious will not man awake , And , springing from the bed of sloth , enjoy The cool , the fragrant , and the silent hour , To meditation due and sacred song ? For is there aught in sleep can charm the wise ? To lie in dead oblivion , losing half The fleeting moments of too short a life , Total extinction of th ’ enlighten 'd soul ! Or else , to feverish vanity alive , Wilder 'd and tossing through distemper 'd dreams ? Who would in such a gloomy state remain Longer than nature craves , when every Muse And every blooming pleasure wait without , To bless the wildly devious morning walk ? ” Exquisite indeed ! But this too is a proof how nearly the sublime and ridiculous are associated ,— “ how thin partitions do their bounds divide ; ” for this fine poetry is associated , in most reader 's minds , with Thomson 's own odd indulgence in the “ dead oblivion . ” He was a late riser , sleeping often till noon ; and when once reproached for his sluggishness , observed , that “ he felt so comfortable he really saw no motive for rising . ” As if , according to the popular version of the story , “ I am convinced , in theory , of the advantage of early rising . Who knows it not , but what can Cato do ? ” “ Ay , he 's a good divine , you say , who follows his own teaching ; do n't talk to us of early rising after this . ” Why not , unless like Thomson , you 're kept up till a very late hour by business ? The fact is he did not — “ In that gloomy state remain Longer than nature craves , ” after all . He had a strong apology for not rising early , in the late hours of his lying down . The deep silence of the night was the time he commonly chose for study ; and he would often be heard walking in his library , at Richmond , till near morning , humming over what he was to write out and correct the next day , and so , good reader , this is no argument against my position ; but observe , retiring late is no excuse for late rising , unless business have detained you : balls and suppers are no apology for habitual late rising . And now , my dearest readers , do you spend the night precisely as Thomson did , and I 'll grant you my “ letters patent , license , and protection , ” to sleep till noon every day of your life . You have only to apply to me for it through “ our well-beloved ” editor of the MIRROR . W. P —— N . BUNHILL FIELDS BURYING-GROUND . This extensive burial-place is part of the manor of Finsbury , or Fensbury , which is of great antiquity , as appears by its being a prebend of St. Paul 's Cathedral in 1104 . In the year 1315 , it was granted by Robert de Baldock to the mayor and commonalty of London . Part of it was , in 1498 , converted into a large field for the use of archers and other military citizens to exercise in . This is now called The Artillery Ground . In the year 1665 , that part of the ground now called Bunhill ( originally Bonhill ) Field , was set apart as a common cemetery , for the interment of such bodies as could not have room in their parochial burial-grounds in that dreadful year of pestilence . However , not being made use of on that occasion , a Mr. Tindal took a lease thereof , and converted it into a burial-place for the use of Dissenters . It was long called Tindal 's Burial-place . Over the west gate of it was the following inscription :— “ This church-yard was inclosed with a brick wall at the sole charges of the city of London , in the mayoralty of Sir John Lawrence , Knt ., Anno Domini 1665 ; and afterwards the gates thereof were built and finished in the mayoralty of Sir Thomas Bloudworth , Knt ., Anno Domini , 1666 . ” The fen or moor ( in this neighbourhood ) , from whence the name Moorfields , reached from London-wall to Hoxton ; the southern part of it , denominated Windmill Hill , began to be raised by above one-thousand cart-loads of human bones , brought from St. Paul 's charnel-house in 1549 , which being soon after covered with street dirt from the city , the ground became so elevated , that three windmills were erected on it ; and the ground on the south side being also much raised , it obtained the name of The Upper Moorfield . The first monumental inscription in Bunhill-fields is , Grace , daughter of T. Cloudesly , of Leeds . Feb . 1666 .— Maitland 's Hist . of London , p. 775 . Dr. Goodwin was buried there in 1679 ; Dr. Owen in 1683 ; and John Bunyan in 1688 . Park-place , Highbury Vale . J. H. B . SUPPOSED ORIGIN OF MEZZO-TINTO . [ 1 ] Mezzo-tinto is said to have been first invented by Prince Rupert , about the year 1649 : going out early one morning , during his retirement at Brussels , he observed the sentinel , at some distance from his post , very busy doing something to his piece . The prince asked the soldier what he was about ? He replied , the dew had fallen in the night , had made his fusil rusty , and that he was scraping and cleaning it . The prince , looking at it , was struck with something like a figure eaten into the barrel , with innumerable little holes , closed together , like friezed work on gold or silver , part of which the fellow had scraped away . The genie second en experiences ( says Lord Orford ) , from so trifling an accident , conceived mezzo-tinto . The prince concluded , that some contrivance might be found to cover a brass plate with such a ground of fine pressed holes , which would undoubtedly give an impression all black , and that , by scraping away proper parts , the smooth superfices would leave the rest of the paper white . Communicating his idea to Wallerant Vaillant , a painter , they made several experiments , and at last invented a steel roller with projecting points , or teeth , like a file , which effectually produced the black ground ; and which , being scraped away or diminished at pleasure , left the gradations of light . Such was the invention of mezzo-tinto , according to Lord Orford , Mr. Evelyn , and Mr. Vertue . [ 1 ] The word mezzo-tinto is derived from the Italian , meaning half painted . P. T. W . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . For the following succinct account of the Gunpowder Conspiracy , our acknowledgments are due to the proprietors of an elegant and interesting Annual , entitled “ THE AMULET ” for 1828 . A BRIEF HISTORY OF “ THE GUNPOWDER PLOT . ” ( Compiled from original and unpublished documents .) Of all the plots and conspiracies that ever entered into the mind of man , the Gunpowder plot stands pre-eminent in horror and wickedness . The singular perseverance of the conspirators is shown by the fact , that so early as in Lent of the year 1603 , Robert Catesby , who appears to have been the prime mover of the plot , in a conversation with Thomas Wintour and John Wright , first broke with them about a design for delivering England from her bondage , and to replant the Catholic religion . Wintour expressed himself doubtful whether so grand a scheme could be accomplished , when Catesby informed him that he had projected a plan for that purpose , which was no less than to blow up the Parliament House with gunpowder . Wintour consented to join in the scheme , and , at the suggestion of Catesby , went over to Flanders to arrange some preliminary affairs there , and to communicate the design to Mr. Fawkes , who was personally known to Catesby . At Ostend , Wintour was introduced to Mr. Fawkes by Sir Wm . Stanley . Guy Fawkes was a man of desperate character . In his person he was tall and athletic , his countenance was manly , and the determined expression of his features was not a little heightened by a profusion of brown hair , and an auburn-coloured beard . He was descended from a respectable family in Yorkshire , and having soon squandered the property he inherited at the decease of his father , his restless spirit associated itself with the discontented and factious of his age . Wintour and Fawkes came over to England together , and shortly after met Catesby , Thomas Percy , and John Wright , in a house behind St. Clement 's ; where , in a chamber with no other person present , each administered an oath of secresy to the other , and then went into another room to hear mass , and to receive the sacrament . Percy was then sent to hire a house fit for their purpose , and found one belonging to Mr. Whinniard , Yeoman to the King 's Wardrobe of the Beds , then in the occupation of one Henry Ferrers ; of which , after some negociation , he succeeded in obtaining possession , at the rent of twelve pounds per annum , and the key was delivered to Guy Fawkes , who acted as Mr. Percy 's man , and assumed the name of John Johnson . Their object in hiring this house was to obtain an easy communication with the upper Parliament House , and by digging through the wall that separated them , to form an extensive mine under the foundations . A house was also hired in Lambeth , to serve as a depository for the powder , and Mr. Keys , who was then admitted as one of the number , was placed in charge . The whole party then dispersed , and agreed to meet again at Michaelmas . At Michaelmas it was resolved that the time was arrived when they should commence working at their mine ; but various causes hindered them from beginning , till within a fortnight of Christmas . The party , at that time , consisting of five , then entered upon their work ; and , having first provided themselves with baked meat that they might not have occasion to leave the house , they worked incessantly till Christmas Eve , underpropping the walls , as they proceeded , with wood . A little before Christmas , Christopher Wright was added to the number ; and , finding their work to be extremely laborious , the walls being upwards of three yards in thickness , they afterwards admitted Robert Wintour to assist them . Taking advantage of the long and dreary nights between Christmas and Candlemas , they then brought their powder over from Lambeth in a boat and lodged it in Percy 's house , and afterwards continued to labour at the mine . In the Easter following ( 1605 ) as they were at their work , the whole party were dreadfully alarmed on hearing a rushing noise near them ; but on inquiry they found no danger menaced them , but that it proceeded from the removal of some coals in an adjoining vault , under the Parliament House . Nothing could be more propitious for the conspirators ; and , ascertaining that it belonged to the same parties of whom they held the house , but in the possession of a man of the name of Skinner , they lost no time in purchasing the good-will of Skinner , and eventually hired the vault of Whinniard , at the rate of four pounds per annum . Abandoning their original intention of forming a mine under the walls , they placed the powder in this vault , and afterwards gradually conveyed into it three thousand billets of wood , and five hundred fagots ; Guy Fawkes arranging them in order , making the place clean and neat , in order that if any strangers , by accident or otherwise , entered the house , no suspicion might be excited . Fawkes then went into Flanders to inform Sir W. Stanley and Mr. Owen of their progress , and returned in the following August . Catesby , meeting Percy at Bath , proposed that himself should have authority to call in whom he pleased , as at that time they were but few in number , and were very short of money . This being acceded to , he imparted the design to Sir Everard Digby , Francis Tresam , Ambrose Rookewood , and John Grant . Digby promised to subscribe one thousand five hundred pounds , and Tresam two thousand pounds . Percy engaged to procure all he could of the Duke of Northumberland 's rents , which would amount to about four thousand pounds , and to furnish ten good horses . Thus far , every thing had prospered with the conspirators ; success had followed every effort they had made . On Thursday evening , the 24th of October , eleven days before the intended meeting of Parliament , an anonymous letter was put into the hands of the servant of Lord Monteagle , warning his Lordship not to attend the Parliament that season , for that God and man had concurred to punish the wickedness of the times . It is a most extraordinary fact , that the conspirators knew of the delivery of this letter to the Lord Monteagle , and that it was in the possession of the Earl of Salisbury , Secretary of State , for eight days before the disclosure took place , as developed in Thomas Wintour 's confession , taken before the Lord 's Commissioners on the 23rd of November , 1605 ; yet so strong was their infatuation , and so desperately had they set their fortunes on the event , that they unanimously resolved “ to abyde the uttermost tryall . ” The generally received opinion has been , that it was to the sagacity and penetration of King James that the detection of the conspiracy must be ascribed , and that it was his Majesty who first suggested the agency of gunpowder : but the Earl of Salisbury , in a letter to Sir Charles Cornwallis , ambassador at Madrid , asserts , that in a conversation between the Earl of Suffolk ( Lord Chamberlain ) and himself , on perusal of the anonymous letter , the employment of gunpowder first occurred to them , and that the King subsequently concurred in their opinion . The letter , after having been communicated to several of the Privy Council , was shewn to the King three or four days before the opening of Parliament , who , with great prudence , gave orders that no notice whatever should be taken of it , but that every thing should go on as usual , until the very day appointed . On Saturday , the Lord Chamberlain , according to the customary forms of his office previous to the meeting of every Parliament , viewed every room and cellar belonging to the Parliament House , and amongst others the identical vault in which the wood and powder was deposited , and observed a man , who subsequently proved to be Guy Fawkes , standing there to answer any questions that might have been asked . The Lord Chamberlain then went to the Privy Council and reported what he had seen . After much discussion it was resolved that a more minute search should be made , under pretence of seeking for stolen goods , in order that no suspicion might arise if nothing should be discovered . Accordingly , on Monday at midnight , Sir T. Knyvett , accompanied by a small band of men , went to Percy 's house , where , at the door , they found Guy Fawkes with his clothes and boots on . Sir Thomas immediately apprehended him , and then proceeded to search the house and vault , and upon removing some of the wood , they soon discovered the powder ready prepared for the explosion ; then , directly afterwards , searching Guy Fawkes , they found on him three matches and other instruments for setting fire to the train . He confessed himself guilty , and boldly declared , that if he had happened to have been within the house when Sir T. Knyvett apprehended him , he would instantly have blown him up , house and all . On the arrest of Guy Fawkes , such of the conspirators as at the time were in London , fled into the country to meet Catesby at Dunchurch , according to previous arrangement ; and after taking some horses out of a stable at Warwick , they reached Robert Wintour 's house , at Huddington , on the Wednesday night . On Thursday morning the whole party , amounting to about twenty persons , confessed themselves to Hammond , a priest , received absolution from him , and partook of the sacrament together , and then , with their followers and servants , proceeded to Lord Windsor 's house , at Hewell , from whence they took a great quantity of armour and weapons . They then passed into Staffordshire , and by night reached the house of Stephen Littleton , called Holbeach house , about two miles from Stourbridge . By this time the whole country was raised in pursuit of the rebels ; and a large party , under the direction of Sir Richard Walshe , high sheriff of Worcestershire , early on Friday morning arrived at Holbeach house . The party in the house — consisting of Catesby , Percy , Sir E. Digby , Robert , John , and Thomas Wintour , Grant Rookewood , the two Wrights , Stephen Littleton , and their servants ,— finding their condition now to be desperate , determined to fight resolutely to the last , treating the summons to surrender with contempt , and defying their pursuers . A singular accident , however , put an end to all conference between the parties . Some gunpowder , which the conspirators had provided for their defence , proving damp , they had placed nearly two pounds in a pan near the fire to dry ; and a person incautiously raking together the fading embers , a spark flew into the pan , ignited the powder , which blew up with a great explosion , shattered the house , and severely maimed Catesby , Rookewood , and Grant ; but the most remarkable circumstance was , that about sixteen pounds of powder , in a linen bag , which was actually under the pan wherein the powder exploded , was blown through the roof of the house , and fell into the court-yard amongst the assailants , without igniting , or even bursting . Sir R. Walshe then gave orders for a general assault to be made upon the house ; and , in the attack that followed , Thomas Wintour , going into the court-yard , was the first who was wounded , having received a shot in the shoulder , which disabled him ; the next was Mr. Wright , and after him the younger Wright , who were both killed ; Rookewood was then wounded . Catesby , now seeing all was lost , and their condition totally hopeless , exclaimed to Thomas Wintour , “ Tom , we will die together . ” Wintour could only answer by pointing to his disabled arm , that hung useless by his side , and as they were speaking , Catesby and Percy were struck dead at the same instant , and the rest then surrendered themselves into the hands of the sheriff . At the end of January , 1606 , the whole of the conspirators , at that time in custody , being eight in number , were brought to their trial in Westminster Hall , and were all tried upon one indictment , except Sir E. Digby , who had a separate trial . On Thursday , January 30th , Sir E. Digby , Robert Wintour , John Grant , and Thomas Bates , were executed at the west end of St. Paul 's Church , and on the next day Thomas Wintour , Ambrose Rookewood , Robert Keys , and Guy Fawkes , suffered within the Old Palace-yard at Westminster . On the 28th of February , 1606 , Garnet was brought to trial at Guildhall , before nine Commissioners specially appointed for that purpose . Of his participation in the plot there was no doubt ; and he admitted himself criminal in not revealing it , although , as he asserts , it was imparted to him only in confession : but it is more than probable that the valuable papers , lately rescued from oblivion , and preserved in his Majesty 's State Paper Office , will be able to prove his extensive connexion with the plot , his knowledge of it , both in and out of confession , and his influential character with all the conspirators . Garnet was hanged on the 3rd of May , 1606 , on a scaffold , erected for that purpose , at the west end of St. Paul 's Church . Held up to infamy by one party as a rebel and a traitor , and venerated as a saint and a martyr by the other ; the same party spirit , and the same conflicting opinions , have descended from generation to generation , down to the controversialists of the present day . We subjoin the Autographs of some of the principal conspirators , from the same source as the preceding narrative , as an appropriate and equally authentic accompaniment :— Robert Catesbye .— Taken from an original letter from Catesbye to his cousin , John Grant , entreating him to provide money against a certain time . This autograph is very rare . Guido Fawkes .— Taken from his declaration made in the Tower on the 19th of November , and afterwards acknowledged before the Lord 's Commissioners . Thomas Percy .— From an original letter to W. Wycliff , Esq . of York , dated at Gainsborough , November 2nd , 1605 . Henry Garnet .— From one of his examinations , wherein he confessed to have been in pilgrimage to St. Winifred 's Well . Ambrose Rookewood .— From an original letter , declared that he had felt a scruple of conscience , the fact seeming “ too bluddy . ” Thomas Wintour .— From an original examination before the Lord 's Commissioners , on the 25th of November , 1605 . Francis Tresam .— From his examination relative to the book on Equivocation . Tresam escaped being hanged by dying in the Tower , on the 23rd of December , 1605 . Sir Everard Digby .— From an original examination . He was related to John Digby , subsequently created Baron Digby and Earl of Bristol , and was a young man of considerable talent . He was in the twenty-fourth year of his age when executed . To the Right Hon . the Lord Mounteagle .— The superscription to the anonymous letter that led to the discovery of the plot . By whom it was written still remains a mystery . All the principal conspirators were married and had families ; several of them possessed considerable property , and were highly , and , in some instances , nobly related . L . THE SKETCH BOOK No . XLIX . THE AUBERGE . ( For the Mirror .) “ Tais-toi , Louise , ” exclaimed the landlady of a small but neat auberge at ——— to her daughter , a sweet child , about seven years of age , who , playing with a little curly French dog , was sitting on a three-legged stool , humming a trifling chanson which she had gleaned from a collection of ditties pertaining to an old woman , who , when the landlady might be busily engaged , attended the infant steps and movements of Louise . “ Tais-toi , ecoutez , la diligence s'approche ; ” the truth of the good woman 's remark being vouched for by the heavy rumbling of that ponderous machine , the “ Vite , vite ” of the postilion , and the “ crack , crack ” of his huge whip . This was shortly after the battle of Waterloo , when our troops , crowned with laurels , were hastily leaving the continent , burning with anxiety to revisit their native soil , and their countrymen of the peace department were as hastily leaving it , fired with curiosity to behold the spot where such laurels had been so hardly earned . At least such was undoubtedly the most prevalent cause of the great influx of continental visiters at that period ; but there were , by way of contrast to these votaries of curiosity , too many whose contracted brow and thoughtful melancholy cast of visage betrayed forcibly their owners ’ curiosity to be otherwise and more feelingly worked upon ; ‘ twas the anxiety , the wish to gather information respecting relatives or friends , killed or wounded in the late dire struggle , which had caused those appearances . But to my subject . ‘ Twas at the close of a very hot July day that the diligence drew up to the door of the before-mentioned auberge . “ A diner , ” as the postilion ( nearly smothered in his tremendous “ bottes fortes , ” genteelly taking from his head a hat almost as small as the boots were in comparison large ) was politely pleased to term it . No pressing invitation was requisite to incline our English travellers to take their seats around the table well arranged with French fare , and fatigue seemed to lose itself in the exhilaration proceeding from the chablis , champagne , and chambertin ; but there was one traveller , whose melancholy defied eradication — an English lady , genteelly but plainly habited , to appearance about seven and twenty years of age ; her features handsome and strongly marked ; when in health of mind and body , they might have possessed the “ besoin du souci , ” habitual to the country in which she was then travelling , but were now too deeply clouded with that “ apparence de la mis è re , ” to which the English seem alone to give fullness of effect — a fault , perhaps , but a sentimental one , worthy of that or any other country . She had with her a beautiful boy , whose age might be about five , who , attracted partly by the pretty appearance of the dog , by signs and childish frolics , soon formed acquaintance with the hostess 's daughter , the little Louise . For some time previous to the arrival of the diligence at the auberge , a storm had been expected ; and the distant thunder and heavy drops of rain beating against the casements before the dinner was half over , gave appearance of justice and reason to the entertainment of such anticipations , and caused a general congratulation at the party being so safely housed . As the storm was increasing every minute , much argument was not necessary to induce the postilion to delay proceeding until it might abate . Some of the party adhered to the bottle , some resorted to a book , and some to cards , to wile away the time . The lady requested to be conducted to a private apartment , wherein to pass with her dear child ( remote from the noisy mirth of her companions , so little according with her then feelings ) the time , until the diligence might again be ready to start . But half an hour had scarce elapsed from the formation of this arrangement ere admission was sought and gained by a brigade of English soldiers , six of whom , on a support formed by muskets , bore what seemed to be the corpse of an officer , whose arm , hanging down , gave to another officer the hand . Such a scene soon attracted general attention . In a few minutes a couch , by the junction of two or three chairs , was made , and on that the body laid . The soldiers who had formed the support , with arms grounded and grief deeply marked on their countenances , presented a melancholy group ; whilst the young officer , kneeling by the couch , and gazing intently on his friend , but served to heighten the melancholy of the scene . A long silence of anxiety , interrupted but by the rolling of the thunder and the pattering of the rain , ensued . “ ‘ Tis no use , ” at length exclaimed the friend of the wounded man , “ ‘ tis now no use even to hope , my brave fellows ; the surgeon was deceived , and rash to consent to his removal . Your commander has sunk beneath the fatigue . I thought it would be so . Peace , ” he exclaimed , as the tears fell fast from his eyes , “ peace to thy manes , brave , generous St. Clair . ” An agonizing shriek from above startled all ; and in another moment the lady ( the traveller in the diligence ) fell on what appeared to be the soldier 's bier . “ Heavens ! what dream is this ? ” exclaimed the officer who had been so assiduous in his attention to the unfortunate man ; “ my sister here !— let me intreat , let me beg — ” “ No , Albert Fitzalleyn — no , brother , no , ” uttered Mrs. St. Clair , “ remove me not — I am calm , resigned , very , very calm — I expected this — if I cannot live I can die with him . St. Clair , awake — your wife , your Charlotte calls — what not one smile ?— look here , ” she cried , pulling the frightened , trembling , weeping child towards the body , “ your child , your boy , your dearest Edward calls for you too . O , agony ! he does not move . Dead ! no , no , it cannot be — my life , my love , my husband . ” And there was something , it did seem , in that sweet voice which reached the dying warrior 's heart , for he opened those eyes already partly glazed with the film of death , and if in them expression remained , it beamed on his afflicted wife . Reason and strength too returned , but their dominion was momentary , for with one hand feebly grasping that of his wife , his other resting on the head of his dear boy , and his sunken eyes directed from the one to the other , the brave , the respected , the beloved St. Clair died ! He sank on the rough , uncouth couch , and with him the senseless form of his fond wife . The stillness of the corpse scarcely surpassed that which for a time was reigning over the group assembled there ; at length the brother gently raised the wretched widow from her sad resting-place ; but the fair sufferer was released from all earthly pain ; with her husband she could not live , but she indeed with him had died ! Their son , Edward St. Clair , is in existence , living with , and beloved by , his uncle , Albert Fitzalleyn , THE PAINTER . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . ROMEO COATES . What was Kemble , Cooke , Kean , or Young , to the celebrated Diamond Coates , who , about twenty years since , shared with little Betty the admiration of the town ? Never shall I forget his representation of Lothario at the Haymarket Theatre , for his own pleasure , as he accurately termed it ; and certainly the then rising fame of Liston was greatly endangered by his Barbadoes rival . Never had Garrick or Kemble , in their best times , so largely excited the public attention and curiosity . The very remotest nooks of the galleries were filled by fashion , while in a stage-box sat the performer 's notorious friend , the Baron Ferdinand Geramb . Coates 's lean Quixotic form , being duly clothed in velvets and in silks , and his bonnet richly fraught with diamonds , ( whence his appellation ,) his entrance on the stage was greeted by such a general crowing , ( in allusion to the large cocks , which as his crest adorned his harness ,) that the angry and affronted Lothario drew his sword upon the audience , and actually challenged the rude and boisterous inhabitants of the galleries , seriatim , or en masse , to combat on the stage . Solemn silence , as the consequence of mock fear , immediately succeeded . The great actor , after the overture had ceased , amused himself for some time with the baron , ere he condescended to indulge the wishes of an anxiously expectant audience . At length he commenced ; his appeals to his heart were made by an application of the left hand so disproportionably lower than the “ seat of life ” has been supposed to be placed ; his contracted pronunciation of the word “ breach , ” and other new readings and actings , kept the house in a right joyous humour , until the climax of all mirth was attained by the dying scene of “ the gallant and the gay ; ” but who shall describe the prolonged agonies of the dark seducer ! his platted hair escaping from the comb that held it , and the dark crineous cordage that flapped upon his shoulders in the convulsions of his dying moments , and the cries of the people for medical aid to accomplish his eternal exit . Then , when in his last throes his bonnet fell , it was miraculous to see the defunct arise , and after he had spread a nice handkerchief on the stage , and there deposited his head-dress , free from impurity , philosophically resume his dead condition ; but it was not yet over , for the exigent audience , not content “ that when the man were dead , why there an end , ” insisted on a repetition of the awful scene , which the highly flattered corpse executed three several times to the gratification of the cruel and torment-loving assembly . Coates , too , was destined to participate somewhat in the celebrated f ê te in honour of the Bourbons in 1811 . Having no opportunity of learning in the West Indies the propriety of being presented at court , ere he could be upon a more intimate footing with the prince , he was less astonished than delighted at the reception of an invitation on that occasion to Carlton house . What was the fame acquired by his cockleshell curricle , ( by the way , the very neatest thing seen in London before or since ;) his scenic reputation ; all the applause attending the perfection of histrionic art ; the flatteries of Billy Finch , ( a sort of kidnapper of juvenile actors and actresses , of the O. P. and P. S. in Russell-court ;) the sanction of a Petersham ; the intimacy of a Barrymore ; even the polite endurance of a Skeffington to this ! To be classed with the proud , the noble , and the great . It seemed a natural query , whether the Bourbon 's name were not a pretext for his own introduction to royalty , under circumstances of unprecedented splendour and magnificence . It must have been so . What cogitations respecting dress , and air , and port , and bearing ! What torturing of the confounded lanky locks , to make them but revolve ever so little ! then the rich cut velvet — the diamond buttons — ay , every one was composed of brilliants ! The night arrived : ushered by well-rigged watchmen to clear the way , the honoured sedan bore its precious burthen to the palace , and the glittering load was deposited in the royal vestibule itself . Alas ! what confusion , horror , and dismay were there , when the ticket was pronounced a forgery ! All that the considerate politeness of a Bloomfield or a Turner might effect was done to alleviate the fatal disappointment . The case was even reported instanter to the prince himself ; but etiquette was amongst the other “ restrictions ” imposed upon his royal highness ; and , however tempered by compliment and excuse , “ the diamonds blaze ” reached not farther than the hall , and were destined to waste their splendour , for the remainder of the night , in the limited apartments of Craven-street . New Monthly Magazine . THE VOICE OF NATURE . I heard a bird on the linden tree , From which November leaves were falling , Sweet were its notes , and wild their tone ; And pensive there as I paused alone , They spake with a mystical voice to me , The sunlight of vanish 'd years recalling From out the mazy past . I turned to the cloud-bedappled sky , To bare-shorn field and gleaming water ; To frost-night herbage , and perishing flower ; While the Robin haunted the yellow bower ; With his faery plumage and jet-black eye , Like an unlaid ghost some scene of slaughter : All mournful was the sight . Then I thought of seasons , when , long ago , Ere Hope 's clear sky was dimm 'd by sorrow , How bright seem 'd the flowers , and the trees how green , How lengthen 'd the blue summer days had been ; And what pure delight the young spirit 's glow , From the bosom of earth and air , could borrow Out of all lovely things . Then my heart leapt to days , when , a careless boy , ‘ Mid scenes of ambrosial Autumn roaming , The diamond gem of the Evening Star , Twinkling amid the pure South afar , Was gazed on with gushes of holy joy , As the cherub spirit that ruled the gloaming With glittering , golden eye . And oh ! with what rapture of silent bliss . With what breathless deep devotion , Have I watch 'd , like spectre from swathing shroud , The white moon peer o'er the shadowy cloud , Illumine the mantled Earth , and kiss The meekly murmuring lips of Ocean , As a mother doth her child . But now I can feel how Time hath changed My thoughts within , the prospect round us — How boyish companions have thinn 'd away ; How the sun hath grown cloudier , ray by ray ; How loved scenes of childhood are now estranged ; And the chilling tempests of Care have bound us Within their icy folds . ‘ Tis no vain dream of moody mind , That lists a dirge i ’ the blackbird 's singing ; That in gusts hears Nature 's own voice complain , And beholds her tears in the gushing rain ; When low clouds congregate blank and blind , And Winter 's snow-muffled arms are clinging Round Autumn 's faded urn . DELTA . Blackwood 's Magazine . CALAIS Calais will merit to be described by every Englishman who visits it , and to be read of by every one who does not — so long as Hogarth , and “ Oh ! the Roast Beef of Old England ! ” shall be remembered , and — which will be longer still — till the French and English become one people , merely by dint of living , within three hours ’ journey of each other . Calais has been treated much too cavalierly by the flocks of English , who owe to it their first , and consequently most fixed impressions of French manners , and the English want of them . Calais is , in fact , one of the most agreeable and characteristic little towns in France . It is “ lively , audible , and full of vent ” — as gay as a fair , and as busy as a bee-hive — and its form and construction as compact . Calais , unlike any English town you could name , is content to remain where it is — instead of perpetually trying to stretch away towards Paris , as our 's do towards London , and as London itself does towards them . Transporting you at once to the “ Place ” in the centre of the town ( an entirely open square , of about 150 paces by 100 ,) you can scarcely look upon a more lively and stirring scene . The houses and their shops ( they have all shops ) are like nothing so much as so many scenes in a pantomime — so fancifully and variously are they filled , so brightly and fantastically painted , and so abruptly do they seem to have risen out of the ground ! This last appearance is caused by the absence of a foot-path , and of areas , porticoes , railings , & c .— such as , in all cases , give a kind of finish to the look of our houses . The houses here seem all to have grown up out of the ground — not to have been built upon it . This is what gives to them their most striking effect of novelty at the first view . Their brilliant and various colourings — so unlike our sombre brick-work — is the next cause of the novel impression they produce . The general strangeness of the effect is completed by the excellence of the pavement , which is of stones , shaped like those of our best London carriage-ways , but as white as marble in all weathers , and as regular as the brick-work of a house-front . The uniformity of the “ Place ” is broken ( not very agreeably ) by the principal public edifice of Calais — the Town Hall ; a half-modern , half-antique building , which occupies about a third of the south side , and is surmounted at one end by a light spiring belfry , containing a most loquacious ring of bells , which take up a somewhat unreasonable proportion of every quarter of an hour in announcing its arrival ; and , in addition , every three hours they play “ Le petit chaperon rouge ” for a longer period than ( I should imagine ) even French patience and leisure can afford to listen to it . Immediately behind the centre of this side of the “ Place ” also rises the lofty tower , which serves as a light-house to the coast and harbour , and which at night displays its well-known revolving lights . Most of the principal streets run out of this great Square . The most busy of them — because the greatest thoroughfare — is a short and narrow one leading to the Port — ( Rue du Havre :) in it live all those shopkeepers who especially address themselves to the wants of the traveller . But the gayest and most agreeable street is one running from the north-east corner of the “ Place ” ( Rue Royale .) It terminates in the gate leading to the suburbs ( Basse Ville ,) and to the Netherlands and the interior of the country . In this street is situated the great hotel Dessin — rendered famous for the “ for ever ” of a century or so to come , by Sterne 's Sentimental Journey . The only other street devoted exclusively to shops is one running parallel with the south side of the “ Place . ” The rest of the interior of Calais consists of about twenty other streets , each containing here and there a shop , but chiefly occupied by the residences of persons directly or indirectly connected with the trade of Calais as a sea-port town . If you believe its maligners , Calais is no better than a sort of Alsatia to England , a kind of extension of the rules of the King 's Bench . The same persons would persuade you that America is something between a morass and a desert , and that its inhabitants are a cross between swindlers and barbarians ; merely because its laws do not take upon them to punish those who have not offended against them ! If America were to send home to their respective countries , in irons , all who arrive on her shores under suspicion of not being endowed with a Utopian degree of honesty — or , if ( still better ) she were to hang them outright , she would be looked upon as the most pious , moral , and refined nation under the sun , and her climate would rival that of Paradise . And if Calais did not happen to be so situated , that it affords a pleasant refuge to some of those who have the wit to prefer free limbs and fresh air to a prison , it would be all that is agreeable and genteel . It seems to be thought , that a certain ci-devant leader of fashion has chosen Calais as his place of voluntary exile , out of a spirit of contradiction . But the truth is , he had the good sense to see that he might “ go farther and fare worse ; ” and that , at any rate , he would thus secure himself from the intrusions of that “ good company , ” which had been his bane . By-the-by , his last “ good thing ” appertains to his residence here . Some one asked him how he could think of residing in “ such a place as Calais ? ” “ I suppose , ” said he , “ it is possible for a gentleman to live between London and Paris . ” The interior of Calais I need not describe further , except to say that round three-fourths of it are elevated ramparts , overlooking the surrounding country to a great extent , and in several parts planted with trees , which afford most pleasant and refreshing walks , after pacing the somewhat perplexing pavements of the streets , and being dazzled by the brilliant whiteness which reflects from that , and from the houses . The port , which occupies the other fourth , and is gained by three streets parallel to each other , and leading from the “ Place , ” is small , but in excellent order , and always alive with shipping , and the amusing operations appertaining thereto ; and the pier is a most striking object , especially at high water , when it runs out , in a straight line , for near three quarters of a mile , into the open sea . It is true our English engineers — who ruin hundreds of their fellow citizens by spending millions upon a bridge that nobody will take the trouble to pass over , and cutting tunnels under rivers , only to let the water into them when they have got all the money they can by the job — would treat this pier with infinite contempt as a thing that merely answers all the purposes for which it was erected ! as if that were a merit of any but the very lowest degree . “ Look at Waterloo Bridge ! ” they say ; “ we flatter ourselves that was not a thing built ( like the pier of Calais ) merely for use . Nobody will say that any such thing was wanted ! But , what a noble monument of British art , and what a fine commemoration of the greatest of modern victories ! ” True : but it would have been all this if you had built it on Salisbury Plain ; and in that case it would have cost only half the money . The pier of Calais is , in fact , every thing that it need be , and what perhaps no other pier is ; and yet it is nothing more than a piece of serviceable carpentery , that must have cost about as much , perhaps , as to print the prospectuses of some of the late undertakings , and pay the advertisements and the lawyer 's bill . Monthly Magazine . CURIOSITY . If I were to enumerate all the great and venerable personages who indulge in an extensive curiosity , I should never arrive at the end of my subject . Lawyers and physicians are eternal questionists ; the clergy are curious , especially on agricultural affairs ; the first nobles in the land take in the “ John Bull ” and the “ Age ” to gratify the most prurient curiosity . The gentlemen of the Stock Exchange live only from one story to another , and are miserable if a “ great man 's butler looks grave , ” without their knowing why . So general indeed is this passion , that one half of every Englishman 's time is spent in inquiring after the health of his acquaintance , and the rest in asking “ what news ? ” There is a very respectable knot of persons who go up and down the country asking people their opinion of the pope 's infallibility , and what they think of the Virgin Mary ; and when they do not get an answer to their mind , they fall to shouting , “ The Church is in danger , ” like a parcel of lunatics . Another set , equally respectable , are chiefly solicitous for your notions concerning the Apocalypse ; and to learn whether you read your Bible at all , or whether with or without note or comment . Then again , a third set of the curious are to be seen , mounted upon lamp-posts , and peeping into their neighbours ’ windows , to learn whether they shave themselves , or employ a barber on a Sunday morning ; and a fourth , who cannot find time to go to church , in their anxiety to know that their neighbours do not smoke pipes and drink ale in the time of divine service . In short , society may be considered as one great system of espionage ; and the business of every man is not only with the actions , but with the very thoughts of all his neighbours . New Monthly Magazine . THE SELECTOR . AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . CHRONICLES OF THE CANONGATE . Ecce iterum Crispinus !— We intend to continue our notice of the above work in a series of snatches , or portraitures , for which mode ( from its varied and detached character ) it is perhaps better calculated than any of its predecessors . Our anticipatory anxiety in selecting the Two Drovers was a forcible illustration of the maxim , Qui dat cito , dat bis ; for the extent occupied by the portion already quoted and its interruption , with the immense influx of works recently published , have somewhat interfered with our arrangements . In “ the Introduction ” to the “ Chronicles , ” Sir Walter Scott avows the authorship of the Waverley Novels , and recapitulates the explanation which took place at the Theatrical Fund Meeting , at Edinburgh , in July last . Sir Walter then proceeds to acknowledge , with gratitude , “ hints of subjects and legends ” which he received from various quarters , and occasionally used as a foundation of his fictitious compositions , or wove in the shape of episodes ; and from these acknowledgments we select the following dram . pers . Old Mortality .— It was Mr . Train , supervisor of excise at Dumfries , who recalled to my recollection the history of Old Mortality , although I myself had a personal interview with that celebrated wanderer , so far back as about 1792 . He was then engaged in repairing the grave-stones of the Covenanters who had died while imprisoned in the castle of Dunnottar , to which many of them were committed prisoners at the period of Argyle 's rising ; their place of confinement is still called the Whig 's vault . Mr . Train , however , procured for me far more extensive information concerning this singular person , whose name was Patterson , than I had been able to acquire during my short conversation with him . He was ( as I may have somewhere already stated ) a native of the parish of Closeburn , in Dumfries-shire , and it is believed that domestic affliction , as well as devotional feeling , induced him to commence the wandering mode of life , which he pursued for a very long period . It is more than twenty years since Robert Patterson 's death , which took place on the high road near Lockerby , where he was found exhausted and expiring . The white pony , the companion of his pilgrimage , was standing by the side of its dying master ; the whole furnishing a scene not unfitted for the pencil . These particulars I had from Mr . Train . Jennie Deans .— An unknown correspondent ( a lady ) favoured me with the history of the upright and high principled female , whom , in the “ Heart of Mid Lothian , ” I have termed Jeanie Deans . The circumstance of her refusing to save her sister 's life by an act of perjury , and undertaking a pilgrimage to London to obtain her pardon , are both represented as true by my fair and obliging correspondent ; and they led me to consider the possibility of rendering a fictitious personage interesting by mere dignity of mind and rectitude of principle , assisted by unpretending good sense and temper , without any of the beauty , grace , talent , accomplishment , and wit , to which a heroine of romance is supposed to have a prescriptive right . If the portrait was received with interest by the public , I am conscious how much it was owing to the truth and force of the original sketch , which I regret that I am unable to present to the public , as it was written with much feeling and spirit . Bride of Lammermoor .— The terrible catastrophe of the Bride of Lammermoor actually occurred in a Scottish family of rank . The female relative , by whom the melancholy tale was communicated to me many years since , was a near connexion of the family in which the event happened , and always told it with an appearance of melancholy mystery , which enhanced the interest . She had known , in her youth , the brother who rode before the unhappy victim to the fatal altar , who , though then a mere boy , and occupied almost entirely with the gallantry of his own appearance in the bridal procession , could not but remark that the hand of his sister was moist , and cold as that of a statue . It is unnecessary further to withdraw the veil from this scene of family distress , nor , although it occurred more than a hundred years since , might it be altogether agreeable to the representatives of the families concerned in the narrative . It may be proper to say that the events are imitated ; but I had neither the means nor intention of copying the manners , or tracing the characters , of the persons concerned in the real story . The Antiquary .— The character of Jonathan Oldbuck , in the “ Antiquary , ” was partly founded on that of an old friend of my youth , to whom I am indebted for introducing me to Shakspeare , and other invaluable favours ; but I thought I had so completely disguised the likeness , that it could not be recognised by any one now alive . I was mistaken , however , and indeed had endangered what I desired should be considered as a secret ; for I afterwards learned that a highly respectable gentleman , one of the few surviving friends of my father , and an acute critic , had said , upon the appearance of the work , that he was now convinced who was the author of it , as he recognised , in the “ Antiquary , ” traces of the character of a very intimate friend of my father 's family . Waverley .— The sort of exchange of gallantry between the Baron of Bradwardine and Col. Talbot is a literal fact . [ For the real circumstances of the anecdote , we must refer our readers to the “ Introduction ” itself . It was communicated to Sir Walter by the late Lord Kinedder .] Guy Mannering .— The origin of Meg Merrilies , and of one or two other personages of the same cast of character , will be found in a review of the Tales of my Landlord in the Quarterly Review of January , 1817 . Legend of Montrose .— The tragic and savage circumstances which are represented as preceding the birth of Allan Mac Aulay , in the “ Legend of Montrose , ” really happened in the family of Stewart of Ardvoirloch . The wager about the candlesticks , whose place was supplied by Highland torch-bearers , was laid and won by one of the Mac Donalds of Keppoch . I may , however , before dismissing the subject , allude to the various localities which have been affixed to some of the , scenery introduced into these novels , by which , for example , Wolf'shYpppHeNHope is identified with Fast Castle , in Berwickshire ; Tillietudlem with Draphane , in Clydesdale ; and the valley in the “ Monastery , ” called Glendearg , with the dale of the Allan , above Lord Somerville 's villa , near Melrose . I can only say , that , in these and other instances , I had no purpose of describing any particular local spot ; and the resemblance must therefore be of that general kind which necessarily exists betwixt scenes of the same character . The iron-bound coast of Scotland affords upon its headlands and promontories fifty such castles as Wolf'shYpppHeNHope ; every country has a valley more or less resembling Glendearg ; and if castles like Tillietudlem . or mansions like the Baron of Bradwardine 's , are now less frequently to be met with , it is owing to the rage of indiscriminate destruction , which has removed or ruined so many monuments of antiquity , when they were not protected by their inaccessible situation .— The scraps of poetry which have been in most cases tacked to the beginning of chapters in these novels , are sometimes quoted either from reading or from memory , but , in the general case , are pure invention . I found it too troublesome to turn to the collection of the British poets to discover apposite mottos , and , in the situation of the theatrical mechanist , who , when the white paper which represented his shower of snow was exhausted , continued the storm by snowing brown , I drew on my memory as long as I could , and when that failed , eked it out with invention . I believe that , in some cases , where actual names are affixed to the supposed quotations , it would be to little purpose to seek them in the works , of the authors referred to .— And now the reader may expect me , while in the confessional , to explain the motives why I have so long persisted in disclaiming the works of which I am now writing . To this it would be difficult to give any other reply , save that of Corporal Nym — It was the humour or caprice of the time . It was not until I had attained the age , of thirty years that I made any serious attempt at distinguishing myself as an author ; and at that period , men 's hopes , desires , and wishes , have usually acquired something of a decisive character , and are not eagerly and easily diverted into a new channel . When I made the discovery ,— for to me it was one ,— that by amusing myself with composition , which I felt a delightful occupation , I could also give pleasure to others , and became aware that literary pursuits were likely to engage in future a considerable portion of my time , I felt some alarm that I might acquire those habits of jealousy and fretfulness which have lessened , and even degraded , the character of the children of imagination , and rendered them , by petty squabbles and mutual irritability , the laughing-stock of the people of the world , I resolved , therefore , in this respect , to guard my breast ( perhaps an unfriendly critic may add , my brow ,) with triple brass , and as much as possible to avoid resting my thoughts and wishes upon literary success , lest I should endanger my own peace of mind and tranquillity by literary failure . It would argue either stupid apathy or ridiculous affectation , to say that I have been insensible to the public applause , when I have been honoured with its testimonies ; and still more highly do I prize the invaluable friendships which some temporary popularity has enabled me to form among those most distinguished by talents and genius , and which I venture to hope now rest upon a basis more firm than the circumstances which gave rise to them . Yet feeling all these advantages , as a man ought to do , and must do , I may say , with truth and confidence , that I have tasted of the intoxicating cup with moderation , and that I have never , either in conversation or correspondence , encouraged discussions respecting my own literary pursuits . On the contrary , I have usually found such topics , even when introduced from motives most flattering to myself , rather embarrassing and disagreeable . I have now frankly told my motives for concealment , so far as I am conscious of having any , and the public will forgive the egotism of the detail , as what is necessarily connected with it . I have only to repeat , that I avow myself in print , as formerly in words , the sole and unassisted author of all the novels published as the composition of the “ Author of Waverley . ” I ought to mention , before concluding , that twenty persons at least were , either from intimacy or from the confidence which circumstances rendered necessary , participant of this secret ; and as there was no instance , to my knowledge , of any one of the number breaking the confidence required from them , I am the more obliged to them , because the slight and trivial character of the mystery was not qualified to inspire much respect in those intrusted with it . WALTER SCOTT . Abbotsford , Oct. 1 , 1827 . THE GATHERER . “ I am but a Gatherer and disposer of other men 's stuff . ” — Wotton NEGRO PUN . At the late fancy ball in Liverpool , a gentleman who had assumed the swarthy hue of a “ nigger , ” was requested to favour the company with Matthews 's song — “ Possum up a gum tree . ” — “ Non possum , ” replied the wit . “ SPIRITS ” OF THE MAGAZINES . Is it not diverting to see a periodical supported , not by the spirits of the age , but by the small beers , with now and then a few ales and porters ? Yet we doubt not that one and all of the people employed about the concern may be , in their way , very respectable schoolmasters , who , in small villages , cannot support themselves entirely on their own bottoms ,— ushers in metropolitan academies , whose annual salary rarely exceeds twenty pounds , with some board , and a little washing — third-rate actors on the boards of the Surrey or Adelphi , who have generally a literary turn — a player on the hautboy in some orchestra or other — unfortunate men of talent in the King 's Bench — a precocious boy or two in Christ 's hospital — an occasional apprentice run away from the row , and most probably cousin of Tims . Blackwood 's Mag . After this specimen of “ Contributors ” who would be an Editor ? It is a fair sample of more than one “ paralytic periodical : ” our readers must bear in mind a certain point of etiquette about “ present company . ” FRAMEWORK OF SOCIETY . “ It is curious , ” says the London Magazine , “ to imagine what the society of New South Wales may be two thousand years hence . The ancestors of a portion of our proud nobility were thieves of one kind , the chieftain of ruder times being often nothing better than a well-established robber . And why may not the descendants of another kind of thieves glory equally in their origin at some distant day , and proudly trace themselves to a Soames and a Filch , and dwell with romantic glow , on their larcenous deeds ? A descendant of Soames may have as much pride in recalling the deeds of that distinguished felon in the Strand , as a descendant of a border chief has in recounting his ancestors levies of blackmail . ” — Pope might well say — “ What can ennoble sots , or fools , or cowards , Alas ! not all the blood of all the Howards ” SEEING IS BELIEVING . In South America , the whole population is equestrian . No man goes to visit his next door neighbour on foot ; and even the beggars in the street ask alms on horseback . A French traveller being solicited for charity by one of these mounted petitioners , at Buenos Ayres , makes the following entry in his note-book .— “ 16th November . Saw a beggar this morning , who asked alms of me , mounted on a tall grey horse . The English have a proverb , that says — ‘ Set a beggar on horseback , and he 'll ride to the devil ! ’ I had often heard this mentioned , but never saw one upon his way before . ” Monthly Mag . We remember to have seen in Paris a man in a sort of chaise , grinding an organ , drawn by two ponies , and followed by a boy — begging from house to house . From the faded livery worn by the boy , we set the whole down as a burlesque . SHADOW CATCHER . I was present , some years ago , at the trial of a notorious obeah-man , driven on an estate in the parish of St. David , who , by the overwhelming influence he had acquired over the minds of his deluded victims , and the more potent means he had at command to accomplish his ends , had done great injury among the slaves on the property before it was discovered . One of the witnesses , a negro belonging to the same estate , was asked — “ Do you know the prisoner to be an obeah-man ? ” — “ Ees , massa , shadow-catcher , true . ” “ What do you mean by a shadow-catcher ? ” — “ Him ha coffin , ( a little coffin produced ,) him set for catch dem shadow . ” “ What shadow do you mean ? ” — “ When him set obeah for summary , ( some body ,) him catch dem shadow and dem go dead ; ” and too surely they were soon dead , when he pretended to have caught their shadows , by whatever means it was effected . Barclay 's Slavery . THE FUNDS . John Kemble being present at the sale of the books of Isaac Reed , the commentator on Shakspeare , when “ a Treatise on the Public Securities ” was knocked down at the humble price of sixpence — the great tragedian observed , “ that he had never known the funds so low before . ” TEMPUS EDAX RERUM . “ Time is money , ” Robin says , ‘ Tis true I 'll prove it clear : Tom owes ten pounds , for which he pays in Limbo half a year . ON JACK STRAW 'S CASTLE , HAMPSTEAD HEATH , BEING REPAIRED . With best of food — of beer and wines , Here may you pass a merry day ; So shall “ mine host , ” while Phoebus shines , Instead of straw , make good his hay . J. R .