THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . Vol . 20 , No . 565 .] SATURDAY , SEPTEMBER 8 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . PERSIAN BATH .] The luxurious indulgence of baths in the East is generally known to the reader of travels , so as to render acceptable the following details . They are extracted from Mr. Buckingham 's Travels , [ 1 ] and bear all the graphic minuteness of his entertaining pen . [ 1 ] Travels in Assyria , Media , and Persia . H. Colburn , 4to ., 1829 . The Bath is one of the principal ones of Kermanshah , an important frontier town of Persia . “ It was entered by a porch , extremely clean , and neatly ornamented by painting and other devices on its ceiling and walls . This remarkable contrast to the low , dark , and foul passages which generally lead to Turkish baths , was a presage , upon the very threshold , of greater comfort and accommodation within . “ When we reached the undressing-room , this prepossession was still further strengthened . Here we found a square hall , well lighted from above , having on three of its sides elevated recesses for the visiters , and on the fourth , the passage from the outer porch to the hall , and from this to the inner bath . At the angles of these raised recesses , and dividing their lower roof , which they supported , from the higher one of the central square , were , four good marble pillars , with spirally fluted shafts , and moulded capitals , perfectly uniform in size and design , and producing the best effect . In the centre of the square space , which these marked out , and on a lower floor , was a large marble cistern of cold water ; and at each end of this , on wooden stands , like those used in our arbours and breakfast rooms , were arranged coloured glass jars , with flowers of various kinds in them , well watered and perfectly fresh . “ The walls of this outer hall were ornamented all around by designs of trees , birds , and beasts , in fanciful forms , executed in white upon a blue ground . We undressed here , and were led from hence into the inner bath , where all was still free from everything offensive , either to the sight or smell . This inner room was originally an oblong space of about fifty feet by twenty-five , but had been since made into two square divisions . The first , or outer one , was a plain paved hall , exactly like the undressing-room , except that it had no side recesses , but its floor was level , close to the walls . There were here also four pillars ; and in the square space which they enclosed in the centre of the room , was a cistern of water as in the outer one . It was on the floor of this that the visiters lay , to be washed by the attendants ; for there were no raised seats for this purpose as in Turkish baths , and the great octagonal one , with its cold fountain , the sides and tops of which are ornamented with mosaic work of marble in Turkey , was here replaced by the cistern described . “ The second division to which this room led , consisted of three parts ; the central one was a large and deep bath , filled with warm water , its bottom being level with the lower floor of the building , and the ascent to it being by three or four steep steps . “ As few pleasures are entirely perfect , so here , with all its general apparent superiority to the baths of Turkey , this was inferior to them in the most essential points . The attendants seemed quite ignorant of the art of twisting the limbs , moulding the muscles , cracking the joints , opening the chest , and all that delicious train of operations in which the Turks are so skilful . The visitors were merely well though roughly scrubbed , and their impurities then rinsed off in the large cistern above , from which there was neither a running stream to carry off the foul water , nor cocks of hot and cold to renew and temper it at pleasure , as in Turkey . “ In place of the luxurious moulding of the muscles , the use of the hair-bag , or glove , for removing the dirt , and the profusion of perfumed soap , with which the Turks end a course of treatment full of delight , the Persians are occupied in staining the beard and hair black , the nails of the toes and fingers of a deep red , and the whole of the feet and hands of a yellow colour , by different preparations of henna . This operation is the most unpleasant that can be imagined . The Persians do not shave the whole of the head , as is usual with most of the Turks and Arabs , but , taking of all the hair from the forehead , over the crown , and down the neck , for about a hand 's breadth , they leave on each side two large bushy masses depending over their shoulders . This , then , with a very long and full beard , in which all the people here take pride , is plastered with a thick paste , of the consistence of hog 's lard , and not less than two pounds weight of which is sometimes used on one person . It possesses a strongly astringent and penetrating quality , and requires great skill in the use of it , to avoid doing considerable mischief . As the eye-brows are plastered with it , as well as the rest of the hair , and as it softens by the heat of the room and of the body , it frequently steals into the eyes , and produces great pain . “ When all is finished , and the visiter leaves the inner bath , he is furnished with two cloths only , one for the waist , and the other to throw loosely over the head and shoulders : he then goes into the outer room into a colder air , thus thinly clad , and without slippers or pattens ; no bed is prepared for him , nor is he again attended to by any one , unless he demands a nargeel to smoke ; but , most generally , he dresses himself in haste , and departs . ” ORIGIN OF PSALMODY . In D'Israeli ' s Curiosities of Literature , there is an amusing and instructive account of the Origin of Psalm-Singing . It appears that Psalms in verse were first written by that elegant French poet , Clement Marot , the favoured court bard of Francis I ., who was termed by his un-envious brother poets , “ the poet of princes . ” They were published at Paris , and the volume contained fifty Psalms , written in various measures , and , which , from the beauty of their composition , ( some specimens of which we have seen ,) appear to be worthy of the muse of Marot . This “ Holy Song Book , ” as he entitled it , was “ humbly dedicated to the powerful King of France , ” and being considered by the volatile French people as an amusing novelty , it sold faster than any book of that period . In fact , the printers could not supply impressions fast enough for the demand ; and , as the Psalms were considered in the light of ballads , they were set by the people to popular tunes , and were commonly sung as ballads . This good reception of Marot 's Psalms induced the celebrated Theodore Beza to continue the collection ; and another volume was printed , of which 20 , 000 were immediately sold : this was a considerable circulation , when we consider the few readers that then existed , in comparison with the number of readers in the present age . These had the advantage over Marot 's of being set to tunes of greater spirit . Beza , in his preface , says , that “ these Psalms are admirably suited for the violin and other musical instruments ; ” and our readers will learn , not without surprise , that through the instrumentality of the gloomy Calvin , these compositions were set to most beautiful and simple airs . He wisely took advantage of popular feeling to spread his religious opinions , through the means of melody , and , in furtherance of this plan , he engaged the most celebrated composers of his time to furnish tunes to these Psalms . At first , the scheme was not discovered : for Catholics sang the Psalms as well as Hugonots ; but , when Calvin appointed these Psalms , with their music , to be sung at his meetings , there was an end to the solace of the dreary hours of the poor Catholics . Marot himself was compelled to quit Geneva ; Psalm-singing became an open declaration of Lutheranism ; and “ woe to the poor wight ” who was caught in the diabolical act of singing these “ pernicious Psalms . ” The history of Psalm-singing in our own island can be comprised in very few words . When the enthusiasm of the French in favour of their Psalms was at its height , one Sternhold , undertook to be our Marot , and wrote a Book of Psalms , which captivated the hearts of the Puritans , by whom they were practised at their chapels in the Protectorate of Cromwell , but were more particularly set and sung in the reign of Elizabeth . Psalms , about this time , were sung at City and Lord Mayors ’ feasts , and turtle-eaters delighted to honour Psalm-singers . Soldiers used them as stimulants to exertion on their march , and even on parade ; and there was scarcely a regiment but could boast of its Marot . About this time , too , it was customary for the inhabitants of houses which had windows facing the street , to regale the passenger with the “ holy songs ” of Sternhold . E. J. H . By way of an appropriate pendent to our Correspondent 's paper , we quote the following excellent passage on Psalmody , by the Rev . W. S . Gilly , in his Memoir of Felix Neff . The effect produced by the words , or by the music , or by the combination of the two , is such , that the cultivation of psalmody has ever been earnestly recommended by those who are anxious to excite true piety . Tradition , history , revelation , and experience , bear witness to the truth , that there is nothing to which the natural feelings of man respond more readily . Every nation , whose literary remains have come down to us , appears to have consecrated the first efforts of its muse to religion , or rather all the first compositions in verse seem to have grown out of devotional effusions . We know that the book of Job , and others , the most ancient of the Old Testament , contain rhythmical addresses to the Supreme Being . Many of the psalms were composed centuries before the time of king David , and it is not extravagant to imagine , that some of them may have been sung even to Jubal 's lyre , and were handed down from patriarch to patriarch by oral tradition . Nor did the fancy of Milton take too bold a flight when it pleased itself with the idea that our first parents , taught by the carols of the birds in the garden of Eden , raised their voices in tuneful notes of praise to the Creator of all , when they walked forth in the cool of the day to meet their God before the fall . But this is certain , that one of our Lord 's last acts of social worship on earth was to sing a hymn with his disciples . Few , therefore , can be slow to understand , that if Christ and his disciples broke forth in holy song , immediately after the solemnities of the Last Supper , and just before the Shepherd was smitten , and the sheep were scattered ; and if Paul and Silas sung praises unto God in their prison-house , congregational worship may always be the better for such helps . Add to these examples , the apostolical exhortation to the merry hearted to sing psalms , and the apostolical descriptions of the choral strains which resound in the courts of heaven , and we cannot but feel certain , that the services of the Christian church were cheered from the earliest times by hymns and psalms . “ Those Nazarenes sing hymns to Christ , ” said Pliny , in contempt . We thank him for recording the fact . The words of the Te Deum were composed by a native of Gaul , ( for the use probably of one of the churches on the Rhone , or of the Alps ) about the third century ; and at the same period , men , women , youths of both sexes , and even children joined in the psalmody of the sanctuaries , in such cordial and harmonious unison , that a father of the church has well compared the sound to the loud , but not discordant , noise of many waves beating against the sea shore . At the time of the Reformation , sacred music , which had begun to run wild , was brought back to its first principles . The melodies of religious worship were rendered more heart-touching , by being set to words in the vernacular tongues , which every body could understand . Luther 's hymn , “ Great God , what do I hear and see , ” led the way . Henry VIII . hated the German reformer , and all that he did , but he burned to rival him in every thing , and he gave a stimulus to the public taste , by composing words and music for the service of the English church . In France , soon after the middle of the sixteenth century , when it was doubtful whether the nation would become Protestant or remain Roman Catholic , the pathetic tunes and devotional stanzas of the reformers obtained so great an influence over the minds of men , that the music of the temples , as the Protestant sanctuaries were called , to distinguish them from the Roman Catholic churches , became the fashionable melodies of the day . This taste found its way even to the court , and to the great alarm of the Romish party , some of the sweetest and most stirring of the psalms , which had been translated into French metre by Clement Marot , were set to music by Lewis Guadimel , and were constantly in the mouths not only of the Protestant families of the provinces , but of the ornaments of the saloons of Paris , and of the palace of the Louvre . It is said to have been quite astonishing how much this pious and simple device found favour for the Protestant cause , and induced people , who had never read Scripture before , to search the holy volume out of which those treasures were drawn , which so charmed their ears and their imagination . It is still the practice in most of the mountain churches to make sacred music a part of family devotion , and many of the tunes which Guadimel composed with such success are still sung to the praise of God . I can bear witness to the forcible manner in which these strains , rising to heaven from the lips of parents , children and domestics , quicken piety , and stir up the best affections of the heart towards God and man . I have seen and felt the effect produced by them in the humble dwelling of the village pastor , where none but human voices swelled the notes ; and in the chateau , where the harp and the organ have mingled their fine sounds with the well modulated tones of an accomplished family of sons and daughters . My thoughts , at the moment I am writing this , are at Chate â u Blonay , but most of the voices , which I heard there , are now silent in death ! I am thoroughly convinced that family worship , and congregational worship lose a great auxiliary to piety , when there is not the power or the inclination to join in psalmody . LINES Written after reading the Memoir and Poems of Miss Lucretia Davidson . [ 2 ] Ev'n till thy latest hour , Lucretia ! thou Didst cherish that which but consum 'd thy frame . ‘ Twas then it shone the brightest on thy brow , Like the last flickerings of an earthly flame — Yes , thy brain harass 'd by deep toil , became With all its fire , a tenant of the tomb , And dim is now thine eye , Belov 'd of Fame ! Thy cheek is pale — thy lip without perfume — And there thou liest — the child of Genius — and its doom . Like the proud eagle soaring to the skies , Intent “ the topmost arch ” of heaven to scale , When heeding naught that would oppose its rise , It breaks with fearless nerve the tempest-gale — And spreads its wings like a majestic sail , Full on the bosom of the raging blast , Thy spirit soar 'd — but ah ! too like us frail , When the same breeze which bore it from the dust Wing 'd home the fatal shaft that tore its bleeding breast . Would I could sing thy fame with thine own lyre , Then should I breathe a more deserving lay , A lay which every spirit would inspire , And melt each eye to tears of sympathy ; But others at thy shrine , their tributes pay . Offspring of Beauty ! child of native song ! And I , ev'n I , would venture to essay , To raise my lauding voice amidst the throng Of those who weep thy loss — and who shall weep it long !— N. C . [ 2 ] See Memoir , and specimens of her Poetry , Mirror , vol . xiv . p. 340 . SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . IMPROVED RAW SUGAR . We find the following information communicated to the Literary Gazette , apparently by the parties connected with the improvement . Considerable interest has been excited in the market by the introduction of an improved native raw sugar , which portends very great advantages to all who are engaged in this so long unprofitable branch of colonial and commercial intercourse . It is pure raw sugar , obtained direct from the cane-juice , without any secondary process of decoloration or solution , and by which all necessity for any subsequent process of refining is entirely obviated . It is obtained in perfectly pure , transparent , granular crystals , being entirely free from any portion of uncrystallisable sugar or colouring matter , and is prepared by the improved process of effecting the last stages of concentration in vacuum , and at a temperature insufficient to produce any changes in its chemical composition ; the mode of operation first proposed by the late Hon . Ed . Charles Howard , and subsequently introduced , with the most important advantages and complete success , into the principal sugar-refineries of Great Britain . By this improved and scientific process of manufacture , the application of which to the purpose of preparing raw sugar from the cane-juice has now first been proposed , the most singular advantages are secured to the planter , in an increased quantity of sugar , the product of his operation , and in saving from the immense quantity of deteriorated material , uncrystallisable sugar and molasses , which were products of the former mode of operation , from the intense and long-continued degree of heat employed in the processes . The time and labour of the operation are also greatly decreased ; the apparatus possesses the power to make double the quantity in the same space of time as the old method , and this is ready for shipment in four days , in lieu of three weaks , as heretofore . The sugar likewise readily commands an advanced price in the market to the planter of ten or twelve shillings per cwt . This improved sugar readily ensures a preference for all purposes of manufacture , solution , or domestic economy . It is a purer sweet , and of a richer mellifluous taste than even the best refined ; it is not apt to become ascescent in solution ; and , from its superior quality , it well answers all purposes of the table . In the manufacture of rum from the molasses , which are separated during the first process of the operation , there is no danger of deterioration in the production of empyreuma , and a far purer spirit is obtained than that made from ordinary molasses . This improved process is now in complete and successful operation on eight estates in Demerara . The general introduction of the process is considered by the best practical judges to ensure certain means of revivifying the spoiled fortunes of the planters , and to open a new era in the prosperity of those portions of the British crown , of which this forms the principal staple commodity of support . [ According to Dr. Moseley , the art of refining sugar , and what is called loaf sugar , is a modern European invention , the discovery of a Venetian , about the end of the fifteenth or beginning of the sixteenth century . Sugar candy is of much earlier date , for in Marin 's Storia del Commercio de Veneziani , there is an account of a shipment made at Venice for England in 1319 , of 100 , 000 lbs . of sugar , and 10 , 000 lbs . of sugar candy . Refined , or loaf sugar is mentioned in a roll of provisions in the reign of Henry VIII . The process of refining sugar in vacuo is the most useful application of “ the fact that liquids are driven off , or made to boil at lower degrees of heat when the atmospheric pressure is lessened or removed . "[ 3 ] The first part of the process is to dissolve impure sugar in water , and after clarifying the solution , to boil off or evaporate the water again , that the dry crystallized mass may remain . Formerly this evaporation was performed under the atmospheric pressure , and a heat of 218 ° or 220 ° was required to make the syrup boil ; by which degree of heat , however , a portion of the sugar was discoloured and spoiled , and the whole produce was deteriorated . The valuable thought occurred to Mr. Howard , that the water might be dissipated by boiling the syrup in a vacuum or place from which air was excluded , and therefore at a low temperature . This was done accordingly ; and the saving of sugar and the improvement of quality were such as to make the patent right , which secured the emoluments of the process to him and other parties , worth many thousand pounds a-year . The syrup , during this process , is not more heated than it would be in a vessel merely exposed to a summer sun . [ 3 ] Arnott 's Elements of Physics . Lord Brougham , in his Introduction to the Library of Useful Knowledge , characterizes this as a process , by which more money has been made in a shorter time , and with less risk and trouble , than was ever perhaps gained from an invention ; and as “ the fruit of a long course of experiments , in the progress of which known philosophical principles were constantly applied , and one or two new principles ascertained . "[ 4 ] [ 4 ] Objects , Advantages , and Pleasures of Science . In the first edition , the inventer is erroneously stated to be Edward Howard . The scene of this discovery was , in all probability , the Deepdene , near Dorking , the retreat of the late Mr. Thomas Hope , the author of Anastasius . Here the Hon . Mr. Howard , brother of the Duke of Norfolk , resided at the commencement of the last century , and is stated to have enjoyed that philosophical retirement which may be described as the happy haven of a truly great mind . He planted a portion of the grounds , the greater part of the estate being so admirably disposed by nature as almost to forbid the fashioning of men 's hands . At Mr. Howard 's death , the estate descended to the Duke of Norfolk , who sold the property , in 1791 , to the late Sir William Burrell , whose lady wrote the following lines , which are on a tablet in the grounds : “ This votive Tablet is inscribed to the memory of the Honourable Charles Howard , who built an oratory and laboratory on this spot : he died at the Deepdene , 1714 . If worth , if learning , should with fame be crown 'd , If to superior talents , fame be due , Let Howard 's virtues consecrate the ground Where once the fairest flowers of science grew . Within this calm retreat , th ’ illustrious sage Was wont his grateful orisons to pay , Here he perused the legendary page , Here gave to chemistry the feeling day . Cold to ambition , far from courts remov 'd , Though qualified to fill the statesman 's part , He studied nature in the paths he lov 'd , Peace in his thoughts , and virtue in his heart . Soft may the breeze sigh through the ivy boughs That shade this humble record of his worth ; Here may the robin undisturbed repose , And fragrant flowers adorn the hallow 'd earth . January 1792 . ” The tablet is of plain wood — black letters painted on a white ground . It is an unostentatious memorial , which has been respected amidst the extensive alteration and embellishment of the grounds by the late Mr. Hope . To our minds , neither of the treasures of art which are assembled within the splendid saloons of the adjoining mansion , or sculpture gallery , will outvie the interest of this humble tribute to the memory of departed genius .] THE LANDERS VOYAGE AND DISCOVERIES ON THE NIGER . The travellers , in embarking on the Atlantic , had solved the greatest problem in African , and even in modern geography ;— one which had exercised the ingenuity and conjecture of so many learned inquirers , and in the efforts to solve which so many brave and distinguished adventurers had perished . This discovery divested the Niger of that singular and mysterious character , which had been one chief cause of the interest that it had excited — when seen rolling its ample flood from the sea towards vast unknown regions in the interior . The circuit by which it reaches the Atlantic assimilates its character to that of ordinary rivers , without any much more remarkable windings than are found in others of similar length . It displays , however , a magnitude considerably greater than had been suggested by any former observation . We can now trace very distinctly , the entire line of this great river . Its source , though not actually visited , seems ascertained by Laing to exist in the high country of Kissi , about 200 miles in the interior from Sierra Leone . Thence it rolls through Foota Jallo and Kankan , where Caillie describes himself to have found it already a rapid and considerable stream . At Bammakoo , having received the tributary from Sankari in Manding , which Park mistook for the main river , it begins its course over the fine plain of Bambarra , where it forms a noble stream ; and in passing Sego , the capital , has been considered as equalling the Thames at Westminster . Thence it pursues a north-westerly course , and flowing through the lake Dibbie , reaches Timbuctoo . Its course from that city to Youri has not yet been delineated ; but the fact that Park navigated down from one place to the other , fully establishes the continuity . During this reach the Niger makes a great change of direction from north-east to almost due south . From Youri to the sea , it was navigated by the present travellers , and was found following generally a southern direction , though making in one part a rapid bend to the east , whence it gradually returns . If we measure two distances , one from the source to Timbuctoo , and the other from that city to the sea , we shall have nearly 2 , 000 miles , which may be considered as the direct course ; and the various windings must raise the whole line of the stream to upwards of 3 , 000 miles . For several hundred miles of its lower course , it forms a broad and magnificent expanse , resembling an inland sea . The Niger must after all yield very considerably to the Missouri and Orellana , those stupendous rivers of the new world . But it appears at least as great as any of those which water the old continents . There can rank with it only the Nile , and the Yangtse-kiang , or Great River of China . But the upper course of neither is yet very fully ascertained ; and the Nile can compete only in length of course , not in the magnitude of its stream , or the fertility of the regions which it waters . There is one feature in which the Niger may defy competition from any river , either of the old or new world . This is in the grandeur of its Delta . Along the whole coast , from the river of Formosa or Benin to that of Old Calabar , about 300 miles in length , there open into the Atlantic its successive estuaries , which navigators have scarcely been able to number . Taking this coast as the base of the triangle or Delta , and its vertex at Kirree , about 170 miles inland , where the Formosa branch separates , we have a space of upwards of 25 , 000 square miles , equal to the half of England . Had this Delta , like that of the Nile , been subject only to temporary inundations , leaving behind a layer of fertilizing slime , it would have formed the most fruitful region on earth , and might have been almost the granary of a continent . But , unfortunately , the Niger rolls down its waters in such excessive abundance , as to convert the whole into a huge and dreary swamp , covered with dense forests of mangrove , and other trees of spreading and luxuriant foliage . The equatorial sun , with its fiercest rays , cannot penetrate these dark recesses ; it only exhales from them pestilential vapours , which render this coast the theatre of more fatal epidemic diseases than any other , even of Western Africa . That human industry will one day level these forests , drain these swamps , and cover this soil with luxuriant harvests , we may confidently anticipate ; but many ages must probably elapse before man , in Africa , can achieve such a victory over nature . The Niger , besides its own ample stream , has a number of tributaries , equal perhaps in magnitude and importance to those of any other river on the globe ; with the exception of the united streams of the Mississippi and Missouri . At no great distance above the point where the Delta commences , the Tshadda , nearly equal in magnitude to itself , enters it ; after watering large and fruitful kingdoms , of which the names only , and of these but a very few , have reached us . On this river an extensive commerce and active navigation is said to prevail ; the existence of which is further confirmed by the great importance attached to Funda , and other cities situated at or near the junction . It would have been deeply interesting , and have given a new importance to the river communications of Africa , could we have believed , what was positively asserted by very credible witnesses , that vessels by its channel sailed to and from the lake Tchad , and thus held intercourse with the kingdoms of Loggun and Bornou . It seems certain that the names Tshadda , Shary , and Tchad , are one and the same . But the identity of the two first as rivers is what we are precluded from all possibility of believing , by the circumstance that the Shary of Loggun and Bornou , which Major Denham saw and sailed upon , was found by him falling into lake Tchad , while the Tshadda of Lander fell into the Niger ; consequently they are distinct streams , flowing in opposite directions . It is very probable indeed that their fountains may be in the same mountain chain , and at no great distance ; and even that some of their branches may approach very near , so that merchants may , by an easy portage , convey commodities between them . Nay , it is not quite impossible that they may be united by some connecting channel , as the Amazons and the Oronooka are ; but this seems scarcely probable . At no great distance above the Tshadda , enters the Coodonia , a smaller river , but which Lander had seen flowing through a very fertile and highly cultivated country . Considerably higher is the Cubbie , a large stream from the country and city of that name ; and higher still the Quarrama , which has passed by Zirmie and Sackatoo . Between this point and Timbuctoo , we have no means of knowing whether any or what rivers fall into the Niger . The tributary which passes that city is of no great importance ; but at the eastern boundary of Bambarra , Park describes the influx from the south of two great streams , the Maniana and Nimma ; and it seems very doubtful if Caillie was not mistaken in supposing the latter to be a mere branch of the Niger . The higher tributaries , descending from the mountains , swell the stream , without themselves affording any important navigation .— Edinburgh Review . NOTES OF A READER . LAURENCEKIRK SNUFF-BOXES . Probably one of the most amusing articles in Mr. Macculloch 's bulky Dictionary of Commerce of 1 , 150 pages , is the following account of the manufacture of the celebrated Laurencekirk snuff-boxes . It is right , however , to explain , that Mr. Macculloch only mentions these boxes here for the purpose of giving the following details , not to be met with in any other publication . These beautiful boxes were first manufactured at the village of Laurencekirk , in Kincardineshire , about forty years since . The original inventer was a cripple hardly possessed of the power of locomotion . In place of curtains , his bed ( rather a curious workshop ) was surrounded with benches and receptacles for tools , in the contrivance and use of which he discovered the utmost ingenuity . The inventer , instead of taking out a patent , confided his secret to a joiner in the same village , who in a few years amassed a considerable property ; while the other died , as he had lived , in the greatest poverty . The great difficulty of the manufacture lies in the formation of the hinge , which in a genuine box is so delicately made as hardly to be visible . Peculiar , or , as they are called , secret tools are required in its formation ; and though they must have been improved by time and experience , the mystery attached to their preparation is still so studiously kept up , that the workmen employed in one shop are rigorously debarred from having any communication with those employed in another . About the beginning of this century , an ingenious individual belonging to the village of Cumnock , in Ayrshire , of the name of Crawford , having seen one of the Laurencekirk snuff-boxes , succeeded , after various attempts , by the assistance of a watchmaker of the same village , who made the tools , in producing a similar box ; and by his success , not only laid the foundation of his own fortune , but greatly enriched his native parish and province . For awhile , the Laurencekirk boxes were most in demand ; but Mr. Crawford and his neighbours in Cumnock not only copied the art , but so improved and perfected it , that in a very few years , for every box made in the north there were , probably , twenty made in the south . In 1826 , the Cumnock trade was divided amongst eight master manufacturers , who employed considerably more than 100 persons . The demand at that time equalled the supply , and it was calculated that the trade yielded from 7 , 000l . to 8 , 000l . annually ,— a large product for a manufacture seemingly so insignificant , and consisting almost exclusively of the wages of labour . Plane is the wood in common use , and the cost of the wood in an ordinary sized box does not exceed 1d . ; the paints and varnish are rated at 2d . ; and though something is lost by selecting timber of the finest colour , the whole expense of the raw material falls considerably short of 1 / 2 per cent . on the return it yields ! Snuff-box , like pin making , admits of subdivision of labour ; and in all workshops of any size three classes of persons are employed — painters , polishers , and joiners . At the period alluded to , an industrious joiner earned from 30s . to 40s . weekly , a painter from 45s . to 3l ., and a polisher considerably less than either . When Mr. Crawford first commenced business he obtained almost any price he chose to ask ; and many instances occurred , in which ordinary sized snuff-boxes sold at 2l . 12s . 6d ., and ladies ’ work-boxes at 25l . But as the trade increased , it became necessary to employ apprentices , who first became journeymen and then masters ; and such have been the effects of improvement and competition , that articles such as are specified above , may now be obtained at the respective prices of six and twenty-five shillings . While the joiner 's part of the art has remained pretty stationary , that of the painter has been gradually improving . By means of the Pentagraph , which is much employed , the largest engravings are reduced to the size most convenient for the workman , without injuring the prints in the slightest degree ; and hence a snuff-box manufacturer , like a Dunfermline weaver , can work to order by exhibiting on wood his employer 's coat of arms , or in short , any object he may fancy within the range of the pictorial art . Some of the painters display considerable talent , and as often as they choose to put forth their strength , produce box-lids , which are really worthy of being preserved as pictures . At first , nearly the whole subjects chosen as ornaments , were taken from Burns 's poems ; and there can be no doubt , that the “ Cotter 's Saturday Night , ” “ Tam O'Shanter , ” “ Willie brewed a peck o ’ maut , ” & c. & c ., have penetrated in this form into every quarter of the habitable globe . Now , however , the artists of Cumnock take a wider range ; the studios of Wilkie , and other artists , have been laid under contribution ; landscapes are as often met with as figures ; and there is scarcely a celebrated scene in the country that is not pictured forth more or less perfectly on the lid of a Cumnock snuff-box . A few years ago , the art in question was much affected by the long-continued depression of the weaving business ; so much so , that many left it for some other employment . And some of those who emigrated , having made a good deal of money , instead of being cooped up in a workshop , are now thriving proprietors in Upper Canada . But after a brief interval the trade rallied ; and though prices are low , it is now more flourishing than ever . In Cumnock the number of hands has increased considerably , and in Mauchline there is one workshop so extensive that it may almost be compared to a cotton mill or factory . In other quarters the trade is extending , such as Helensburgh near Greenock , Catrine , Maxwelltown , Dumfries , & c. The principal markets for the snuff-boxes are London , Liverpool , Glasgow , and Edinburgh . At one time large lots of boxes were exported to South America , and probably are so at present . Cumnock , in a word , in regard to its staple manufacture , is in that palmy state so well described by a modern writer :— “ the condition most favourable to population is that of a laborious , frugal people ministering to the demands of opulent neighbours ; because this situation , while it leaves them every advantage of luxury , exempts them from the evils which accompany its admission into a country . Of the different kinds of luxury , those are the most innocent which afford employment to the greatest number of artists and manufacturers ; or those in which the price of the work bears the greatest proportion to that of the raw material . ” Some very wretched imitations of Cumnock boxes have been produced in different parts of England ; but they can deceive no one who ever saw a genuine box . The hinge , as well as the finishing , is clumsy in the extreme . [ Mr. Macculloch acknowledges himself indebted for this curious and instructive article to his esteemed friend “ John M'Diarmid , Esq . Editor of the Dumfries Courier , one of the best provincial papers published in the empire . ” By the way , what a colossal labour must have been the preparation of the above Dictionary . How it reminds us of the words of poor , patient Antony Wood : “ What toyle hath been taken , as no man thinketh , so no man believeth , but he that hath made the trial . ” Yet it has often occurred to us that the compiler , or editor , as he is complimentarily called , is barely treated with proper respect in these days . What is all knowledge but a continued accumulation and comparison of facts , by “ following the example of time ? ” Yet , all this is not original ; but we ask , in what does the intellectual originality of the present day consist ? does it add a spark to the minds of men which they cannot find in the labours of past ages ? New books ( we mean new original works ) are like dull , pointless flints ; the reader cannot scintillate , strike-fire , or steal from them ; they are mere changes of words , often at the sacrifice of sense to sound . A flashy novel would , perhaps , secure the writer more celebrity than Mr. Macculloch 's Dictionary will obtain for him , though his reputation for talent and industry want not the false glory , the common-place praise — the dullest outpourings — of a very dull perception . Perhaps the whole series of the Waverley Novels might have been written while this Dictionary was in course of compilation . We heartily wish that Mr. Macculloch 's work may become as popular as it deserves . It will then enjoy extensive fame . It would be difficult , perhaps impossible , to acquaint the reader with its mass of well-arranged materials ; its laborious abstracts , documents , and information upon every point that bears upon the main subjects , commerce and commercial navigation , practical , theoretical , and historical . It deserves to be the library of every counting-house , manufactory , and workshop in the empire ; it is , indeed , a delightful relief to mere figures , and we should think better of the man whom we caught dipping into its pages by turns with his book of accounts : for , with Addison , we have no noble opinion of a man who is ever poring over his cash-book , and deriving all his ideas of happiness from its balances .] COMPARATIVE MORTALITY . A curious official paper has been circulated , ordered by the House of Commons , showing the comparative mortality in many large towns , & c ., of the kingdom , from 1813 up to the present year . Among the towns included in this comparative calculation of mortality are , Leeds ( town ) , Bradford , Holbeck , Beeston , Wigan , Preston , Norwich , Bolton-le-Moors , London , Bury , ( Lancashire ) , Essex , & c. The result of the investigation of mortality may be concisely stated as follows :— Of children born there die , in Leeds , 53 per cent . under 5 years of age , and 62 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Bradford , 47 per cent . under 5 , and 59 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Beeston , 39 per cent . under 5 , and 52 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Holbeck , 50 per cent . under 5 , and 62 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Norwich , 42 per cent . under 5 , and 50 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Bolton , 49 per cent . under 5 , and 61 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Wigan , 48 per cent . under 5 , and 59 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in London , 38 per cent . under 5 , and 46 per cent . under 20 years of age ; in Rutland , 29 per cent . under 5 , and 37-1 / 2 per cent . under 20 years of age , & c. It further appears , that in Essex , Rutland , and the metropolis , persons live to an advanced age in a greater extent than others .— Morning Herald . LEE , KENT . The rural village of Lee is situate six miles south of London , on the south side of Blackheath , and on the road to Maidstone . It is a place of considerable antiquity ; and was originally written Legheart , and in old Latin , Laga , i. e . a place which lies sheltered . “ The manor was held of Edward the Confessor by Alwin . William the Conqueror gave it to his half-brother , Odo , bishop of Baieux , and Earl of Kent , of whom it was held by Walter de Donay . ” In the time of the Confessor , it was valued at 3l . and in Domesday at 100s . Its extent is somewhat more than 1 , 000 acres . Hasted enumerates the successive lords , among whom were Lord Rivers , who was beheaded at Banbury in 1649 ; and his son , Anthony , Earl Rivers , who was beheaded at Pomfret , in 1483 . The manor was purchased by Sir Francis Baring , bart ., in 1798 . Lee Church and Parsonage . The picturesque vignette includes the church and parsonage . The Church is in what is called the pointed style , or rather in humble imitation of antiquity , for it is a recent structure built on the site of the walls of the old church , but with the addition of side-aisles . Nearly two centuries before the erection of the present church , the villagers reported the old building to be in a state too ruinous to admit of repair : how long did its stability gainsay their judgment , while they were laid asleep about the walls . The church was an appendage to the manor till the time of Charles I ., who granted away the fee of the manor , but reserved the patronage of the church to the crown , where it continues to this time . It was valued l5 Edward I. at 10 marks ; in the king 's books it is at 3l . 11s . 8d . ; and the yearly tenths at 7s . 2d . The parsonage has much of the snug character of the glebe-house ; it was rebuilt in 1636 , by the rector , the Rev . Abraham Sherman . In the church are some monumental brasses and a handsome tomb of marble and alabaster . One of the former is to the memory of Nicholas Ansley , or Annesley , Esq . who died in 1593 ; with the following inscription :— When the Quene Elizabeth full five years had rain 'd , Then Nicholas Ansley , whos corps lyes here interred , At fyve and twenty yeres of age was entertayned Into her servis , where well himself he caried In eche man 's love till fifty and eight yeres ould , Being Sergant of the Seller , death him contrould . Above is an upright figure ( on a brass plate ,) of the deceased , in armour , kneeling at a desk . The latter monument is to Brian Annesley , Esq . ( son of Nicholas ) gentleman pensioner to Queen Elizabeth . It consists of an elliptic arch supported by Corinthian columns , and ornamented with a Mosaic pattern studded with roses . Beneath lie the effigies of Annesley , in armour , and his wife , in a gown and ruff ; their son , and three daughters . In the churchyard , among the tombs , is that of Dr. Halley , who succeeded Flamstead as Astronomer Royal at Greenwich , where he died in 1741-2 : Halley published a treatise on Comets , when he was nineteen years old ; and first applied the barometer to measure heights . Here also lie William Pate , whom Swift , in his Letters , calls the learned woollen-draper : Sir Samuel Fludyer , bart ., the courtly lord mayor ; Parsons , the comedian , with this quaint epitaph :— Here Parsons lies , oft on life 's busy stage With nature , reader , hast thou seen him vie ; He science knew , knew manners , knew the age , Respected knew to live , lamented die . Bliss , the Astronomer Royal , who died in 1762 , is also buried here ; Charnock , the author of Biographia Navalis , a Life of Nelson , & c .; the amiable Lord Dacre , who died in 1794 ; and Mary , his relict , 1808 . [ 5 ] [ 5 ] Lady Dacre visited her dear lord 's tomb daily for several years ; at the foot of the grave she was accustomed to kneel , and utter a fervent prayer . We can just remember seeing this devout lady on one of these pilgrimages . She usually rode from her mansion in the neighbourhood to the churchyard , on a favourite poney , and wore a large , flapping , drab beaver hat , and a woollen habit , nearly trailing on the ground . At home she evinced an eccentric affection for her deceased lord : his chair was placed , as during his lifetime , at the dinner-table ; and its vacancy seemed to feed his lady 's melancholy . Harris says that Samuel Purchas resided at Lee , and there wrote a great part of his collection of travels , or “ Celebrated Pilgrimages and Relations of the World . ” Among the grateful recollection of Lee we must not omit the alms-house , chapel , and school-house founded by C. Boone , Esq . in 1638 . THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE VICTIMS OF SUSCEPTIBILITY . BY A MODERN PYTHAGOREAN . Fortune , it has been truly said , is blind , and the same thing may be alleged of nature ; for while there are some to whom the latter goddess has denied the commonest gifts , either of person or intellect , she has bestowed the most splendid upon others , with a prodigality which astonishes and perplexes the world . A beautiful person , and genius almost superhuman , fell to the share of Milton ; nor can it be doubted , that in these respects the blind goddess was equally kind to the bard of Avon , whose presence , even judging from the imperfect , and somewhat apocryphal likenesses handed down to us , was noble to behold , while his genius more resembled that of a superior nature than of a human being . The same remark applies to the beautiful , the divine Raphael ,— nor less to Tasso , and various others , whom we might easily point out . It will perhaps be deemed presumptuous , after naming those illustrious characters — those “ demigods of fame ” — to allude to Augustus Merton , who , although he obtained the distinction of first wrangler at Brazennose , Oxford , and carried off a multitude of prizes from that seat of learning , may yet be thought an inadequate testimony of the fact with which we set out , more especially when placed in juxtaposition with the Miltons , the Shakespeares , the Raphaels , and the Tassos of the world . We discuss not this point . We claim for him no equality with these august names ; and yet , with all such reservations , do we set him forward as no unmeet proof of the soundness of our assertion . Merton was gifted with fine genius , and with a person all but faultless . In stature he rose to six feet , and was slightly but elegantly formed ; while his whole air bespoke at once the gentleman and scholar . Those who have seen his fine Spanish countenance , dark eyes , and rich clustering hair ,— the whole communicating dignity , grace , and interest to his natural melancholy ,— will not soon efface his imposing image from their remembrance . His talents were of a highly-diversified order . He was a first-rate Grecian and had he turned his attention exclusively to that language might have contested the palm with Porson himself ; nor do those who are best qualified to judge hesitate to place him upon an equality with Burney , Young or Parr . He was also an excellent Latinist , and had a profound acquaintance with geometry , and the other branches of mathematical science . For knowledge of the various eastern tongues he was no unequal match for Lee , of Cambridge ; while his acquirements in natural philosophy , political economy , and metaphysics , were such as would have fairly entitled him to prelect on these subjects in any university in Europe . Besides this , he had an exquisite poetical genius ; and , in his very first contest , succeeded in carrying off the prize of poetry , to the utter discomfiture of many formidable rivals . But , with all these high acquirements , he was not a happy man . He had been baptized in the waters of melancholy ; and a circumstance which occurred in the fifth year of his curriculum had a baleful and , ultimately , a fatal effect upon him , dethroning reason from its lofty seat , and plunging not him only , but another estimable individual , in the deepest distress . This circumstance , painful as it is , we must relate ; and , on perusing it , the reader will see that the noble aspirations , the keen susceptibilities , of the mind do not always lead to happiness ; for , alas ! it was such an excess of susceptibility in his intellect which disturbed so sadly the current of his ideas , and made him an inmate of St. Luke 's . The weather at the period we speak of was truly melancholy . It was in the gloomy month of November ,— that month in which it is said the suicidal propensities of the English nation are most strongly in force . The air was either filled with dull , sluggish , unwholesome fogs , which hung upon it like a nightmare , or soaked in a constant drizzle of small , annoying , contemptible rain-drops , which , without possessing the energy and dignity of a shower , were infinitely more disagreeable , and found their way to the flesh in spite of all the protective armoury of great-coats , hessian cloaks , or umbrellas . It seemed as if a wet blanket were drawn between the sun and the earth . The atmosphere was always foggy , often perfectly wet , but never thoroughly dry . It wanted vitality ; and every person that breathed it partook of its own damp , hypochondriac , inanimate character . It was in the morning of one of those days of fog , gloom , and ennui , that Augustus last sallied out to lounge about the streets of Oxford , as was his custom , before breakfast . There was a favourite spot in which he was wont to walk ; it was upon the footpath of a very short street , about the middle of which stood the shop of Jonathan Hookey , a barber . This street ( we forget its name ) is not above fifty yards in length , and opens at each end into a cross street . Now , Merton 's walk extended from one of those cross streets to the other , including , of course , the whole extent of the short street ; he always walked on one side of this street , viz . on that opposite to the barber 's shop . These particulars may seem trifling , but they are essential to the proper understanding of the story . While making these morning perambulations , he had always an air of deep thought , his arms were crossed , and he kept his eyes constantly fixed upon the ground , as if deeply engrossed in profound meditation . It boots not now to inquire on what subjects his thoughts were mostly employed , but it was unquestionably on themes of deep import , and concerned not himself only , but the interests of science , learning , and humanity at large . The morning in question was peculiarly dull and foggy ; but whether it was this or something else , certain it is , that he felt himself more than usually overpowered . The air oppressed him like a leaden shroud , and the energies of his soul seemed for once on the point of sinking beneath the superincumbent burden . Turn we now to Jonathan Hookey , the barber . In person he differed much from Merton . His height did not exceed five feet , but , he made amends for it in breadth ; for he was a man of a lusty habit , and sported a paunch which no London alderman or burgomaster of Amsterdam would look upon with contempt . Bald was his head , and his nose was not merely large but immense ; but it is idle to grow eloquent upon noses . Has not Sterne exhausted the theme ? have not we ourselves more than once expatiated upon it ? Swakenbergius had a nose , so had Ovidius Naso ; but to neither would Jonathan Hookey 's strike its colours , and good crimson ones they were . Jonathan , despite his bald head , his diminutive stature , his ample pot-belly , and ampler nose , was a man of fine feelings . Nature was outraged when he became a barber . He most assuredly was never destined by her to shave beards , and manufacture perukes for heads more brainless , many of them , than his own blocks . He ought to have been a professor of metaphysics or logic in some famous university , such as Heidelburg , Gottingen , or Glasgow ;— but why lament over cureless evils ? it is sufficient to say he is a barber , and there is an end of the matter . We must now return to Merton . His solitary walks on the opposite side of the street had not even , from the first , escaped the scrutinizing eyes of Mr. Hookey . No : he saw in the tall , pale , elegant , dark-haired student the victim of deep sensibility . From seeing him , he wondered , from wondering he loved him , from loving he adored him : he knew at once he was no common man . Having perused Byron 's Manfred , he conceived him to be such another as that strange character ; or he might be a second Lara ; or , more , he might be , nay he was , a glorious genius , full of high imaginings . Little do we know what bright thoughts passed through the mind of the enthusiastic Hookey . He cursed his profession , which debarred him from the fellowship of such a man : he cursed his nose , which stood between him and the object of his adoration . Day after day had Mr. Hookey noticed the accomplished , the highly-gifted Merton ; but it was only upon this particular morning that the recognition was mutual . Merton , on turning his eyes by chance from the ground , looked to the opposite side of the street , and there beheld a nose . He then turned his eyes to the earth in his usual meditative mood ; but , reflecting that a nose without an owner was rather a singular phenomenon , he looked a second time , and there , behind the nose , he saw a man ; it was Mr. Hookey himself . This was the first time that the melancholy and intellectual student reciprocated upon Hookey the attention which Hookey had hitherto bestowed exclusively upon him . No more was the barber 's “ sweetness wasted upon the desert air , ” but fell on one who knew how to appreciate it to its fullest extent . Merton stood stock-still , and gazed upon him with mute admiration . He was positively fascinated . The nose operated upon him like the head of Medusa , and almost turned him to stone . And Mr. Hookey was fascinated too . Merton also had become Medusafied , and exercised a petrifactive influence upon the barber . He was nailed fast to the threshold of his own door , and gazed upon his fancied personification of Lara and Manfred with an indomitable and resistless perseverance , which utterly confounded himself ; while Merton , nailed alike fast to the opposite footpath , stood staring at his antagonist , or rather at his nasal protuberance . This impressive scene continued for several minutes , when Merton , regaining the power of locomotion , slowly approached the barber , his arms all the while crossed , and his eyes intently fixed upon the nose . Nine slow and awful steps brought him face to face with Hookey . The barber 's eyes were fixed intently upon his — his eyes upon the barber 's nose . The scene was extremely dreadful ; and Mr. Hookey , after vainly trying to keep his ground , retreated into the shop , still facing Merton , who kept advancing upon him as he receded . Back , step by step , went Hookey ; forward , step by step , came Merton ; each all the while eyeing the other with equal astonishment . The barber continued retreating , the other following him ,— first through the shop , then through the kitchen , then through the parlour — the three apartments leading into one another . At last he got to the remotest corner of the parlour , and could get no farther . Here he paused , and Merton paused also . Still they gazed on each other ,— the barber in the corner overpowered with amazement , and the student standing before him hardly less surprised . At last Merton broke silence in the following awful words ,— “ GRACIOUS HEAVENS WHAT A NOSE ! ” So saying , he retreated as slowly as he entered , leaving Mr. Hookey utterly stupified and bewildered . The sentence went like iron into the barber 's soul ; he felt it in all its bitterness . It is almost unnecessary to say what an effect this scene had upon the highly-susceptible temperament of Merton . From that moment peace fled his mind . He went instantly home ; but instead of devoting himself , as before , to those studies in which he delighted , and in which he was wont so highly to excel , he immured himself in his chamber , giving way to gloomy abstraction , and agonizing his spirit with painful and most distressing fancies . The great power of his imagination caused him , in a peculiar manner , to suffer from the remembrance of what he had witnessed ; and , accordingly , his waking as well as his sleeping hours were haunted with visions of noses ,— noses of stupendous size , which arose , like ocean islands , amid the gloomy tabernacle of his brain , and filled him with utter despair . At last , from bad to worse , he became the mere shadow of his former self , the wreck of what he was , and a picture of fallen and shattered genius . To drive away the hideous phantasmagorias that tortured him , as with the stings of demons , he had recourse to gin , and soon became a confirmed drunkard : the next stage was lunacy ; and he was confined for fourteen months in Saint Luke 's Hospital for the insane . The fate of the barber was equally deplorable . The awful words pronounced by Merton may be considered his death-knell . They rang ever after in his ears ; and , in a few weeks , his head was turned , his shop shut up , and himself sent to Bedlam . “ Gracious heavens , what a nose ! ” This dreadful sentence — more dreadful than the hand-writing on the wall to Belshazzar ,— haunted him by day and by night . Reason was dethroned , and “ moody madness , laughing wild , ” was the result . Such are the frightful consequences of extreme susceptibility , against which the youth of both sexes ought to be constantly on their guard . The worst remains to be told . These unhappy men were liberated from confinement about the same time , and both returned to Oxford . They seemed to have recovered their reasoning faculties , but the result showed that this was very far from being the case ; for , happening to meet on the banks of the Cherwell , they attacked each other with such fury , that , like Brutus and Aruns , they were both killed on the spot ,— the barber having been burked in the encounter , and the student having died of a wound which he received in the throat by his antagonist 's razor .— Fraser 's Magazine . THE LAST OF THE FAMILY . I bid thee welcome to my father 's halls , But fled for ever is their wonted mirth , Death hath been busy in these fated walls , Casting dark shadows o'er our house and hearth , The brave — the beauteous from their home have past , And I remain of that loved band the last . Thou wilt not now my gallant brothers greet , Hiding amidst the glades with hound and horn , Nor my fair sisters , warbling ditties sweet , While gathering wild flowers in the dewy morn ; Evening will come , but will not bring again , The song — the tale — the dance — the festal train . I can but bid thee to my lonely room , Where in fond dreams I pass my blighted youth . Musing on vanished loveliness and bloom , Man 's dauntless courage , woman 's changeless truth , And scenes of joyous glee , or tranquil rest , Shared with the early-lost — the bright — the blest . Yet chide me not — mine is no impious grief , Meekly I pray for Heaven 's supporting grace . And soon , I feel , his hand will give relief , And the last sad survivor of her race Quit this lone mansion for the home above . Where dwell her happy family of love ! Metropolitan . CONVERSATIONS WITH LORD BYRON . BY THE COUNTESS OF BLESSINGTON . It is difficult to judge when Lord Byron is serious or not . He has a habit of mystifying , that might impose upon many ; but that can be detected by examining his physiognomy ; for a sort of mock gravity , now and then broken by a malicious smile , betrays when he is speaking for effect , and not giving utterance to his real sentiments . If he sees that he is detected , he appears angry for a moment , and then laughingly admits , that it amuses him to hoax people , as he calls it , and that when each person , at some future day , will give their different statements of him , they will be so contradictory , that all will be doubted ,— an idea that gratifies him exceedingly ! The mobility of his nature is extraordinary , and makes him inconsistent in his actions as well as in his conversation . Byron spoke to-day in terms of high commendation of Hope 's “ Anastasius ; ” said that he wept bitterly over many pages of it , and for two reasons , first , that he had not written it , and secondly , that Hope had ; for that it was necessary to like a man excessively to pardon his writing such a book — a book , as he said , excelling all recent productions , as much in wit and talent , as in true pathos . He added , that he would have given his two most approved poems to have been the author of “ Anastasius . ” From “ Anastasius ” he wandered to the works of Mr. Galt , praised the “ Annals of the Parish ” very highly , as also “ the Entail , ” which we had lent him , and some scenes of which he said had affected him very much . “ The characters in Mr. Galt 's novels have an identity , ” added Byron , “ that reminds me of Wilkie 's pictures . ” As a woman , I felt proud of the homage he paid to the genius of Mrs. Hemans , and as a passionate admirer of her poetry , I felt flattered , at finding that Lord Byron fully sympathized with my admiration . He has , or at least expresses a strong dislike to the Lake school of poets , never mentions them except in ridicule , and he and I nearly quarrelled to-day because I defended poor Keats . On looking out from the balcony this morning , I observed Byron 's countenance change , and an expression of deep sadness steal over it . After a few minutes silence he pointed out to me a boat anchored to the right , as the one in which his friend Shelley went down , and he said the sight of it made him ill .— “ You should have known Shelley ( said Byron ) to feel how much I must regret him . He was the most gentle , most amiable , and least worldly-minded person I ever met ; full of delicacy , disinterested beyond all other men , and possessing a degree of genius , joined to a simplicity , as rare as it is admirable . He had formed to himself a beau ideal of all that is fine , high-minded , and noble , and he acted up to this ideal even to the very letter . He had a most brilliant imagination but a total want of worldly-wisdom . I have seen nothing like him , and never shall again , I am certain . I never can forget the night that his poor wife rushed into my room at Pisa , with a face pale as marble , and terror impressed on her brow , demanding , with all the tragic impetuosity of grief and alarm , where was her husband ! Vain were all our efforts to calm her ; a desperate sort of courage seemed to give her energy to confront the horrible truth that awaited her ; it was the courage of despair ; I have seen nothing in tragedy on the stage so powerful , or so affecting , as her appearance , and it often presents itself to my memory . I knew nothing then of the catastrophe , but the vividness of her terror communicated itself to me , and I feared the worst , which fears , were alas ! too soon fearfully realized . ” Byron talked to-day of Leigh Hunt , regretted his ever having embarked in the “ Liberal , ” and said that it had drawn a nest of hornets on him , but expressed a very good opinion of the talents and principle of Mr. Hunt , though , as he said , “ our tastes are so opposite , that we are totally unsuited to each other . He admires the Lakers , I abhor them ; in short , we are more formed to be friends at a distance , than near . ” I can perceive that he wishes Mr. Hunt and his family away . It appears to me that Byron is a person who , without reflection , would form engagements which , when condemned by his friends or advisers , he would gladly get out of without considering the means , or at least , without reflecting on the humiliation such a desertion must inflict on the persons he had associated with him . He gives me the idea of a man , who , feeling himself in such a dilemma , would become cold and ungracious to the parties with whom he so stood , before he had mental courage sufficient to abandon them . I may be wrong , but the whole of his manner of talking of Mr. Hunt gives me this impression , though he has not said what might be called an unkind word of him . Much as Byron has braved public opinion it is evident he has a great deference for those who stand high in it , and that he is shy in attaching himself publicly to persons who have even , however undeservedly , fallen under its censure . His expressed contempt and defiance of the world , reminds me of the bravadoes of children , who , afraid of darkness , make a noise to give themselves courage to support what they dread . It is very evident that he is partial to aristocratic friends , he dwells with complacency on the advantages of rank and station , and has more than once boasted that people of family are always to be recognised by a certain air , and the smallness and delicacy of their hands . NEW BOOKS . THE PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE OF A WOMAN OF FASHION . This work is , to our thinking , what it professes to be , an actual correspondence , and from the pen of a lady who , as her motto states — “ writes of countries and their societies as she finds them , and as they strike her imagination . ” There is much good sense in her letters , and less aristocratic affectation than might be expected . The subjects are of the most miscellaneous description . Her pen is what the small critics call eminently graphic : in short , the work is one of the pleasantest of the season . To be more explicit , it consists of letters written between June , 1814 , and December , 1816 ; dated from South Lancing , ( near Worthing ) , Rouen , Paris , and Brussels ; and the writer 's domicile , Hampton Court . The most interesting portion of the work is the gossip it contains on the state of things in the French capital , on the return of Napoleon , in 1815 , and in Brussels , before and after the battle of Waterloo . Nevertheless , as the whole is indiscribably discursive , so must be our quotations . Arundel Castle .— Arundel Castle did not gratify my expectations although the coup d'oeil , taking the structure en masse , is imposing , and it has an advantageous position on the banks of the river Arun . The Castle has undergone modern alterations in bad taste ; the details are of that description of the ornamental gothic , which appear to me to throw severe criticism on the abilities of the architect ; and , as a family residence , its interior is neither grand nor comfortable . From its commanding site and vicinity to the Roman villa , it was probably a Roman station previous to its becoming a Saxon residence . The walls and Norman gateway are fine . The massive keep , ponderous in stability , has the characteristic marks of the twelfth century , and is a noble ruin . It is called King Alfred 's Keep ; and with what hallowed feelings of reverence must a locale ever be approached which bears the name of that illustrious monarch ! The present occupants are an assemblage of German owls , of varied species ; they look analagous with the venerable ruin . The castle contains a few curious portraits of the illustrious race of Howard , which have an interest also from the distinguished parts that family have played in English history . There is one of Henry Howard , Earl of Surrey , so famous for his talents in state affairs , and for his bravery in the field . He is represented standing under a noble gateway . The picture is moreover valuable as a work of art . [ 6 ] [ 6 ] Surrey 's accomplishments and political talents , and his bravery in the battle-field , cast additional splendour over the house of Howard ; and his violent death , another stain on the tyranny of Henry VIII . Some richly-wrought chalices [ 7 ] and censers , and other symbolic emblems of the Roman Catholic religion are there , but I imagine little prized by the present noble possessor ; for at the age of twenty-seven , he became a convert to the Protestant faith . Whether conviction , or ambition to serve his country as a legislator were his motives , it is not for man to judge : but he is unlike his ancestor , Philip Howard , Earl of Arundel , who , braving the power of Queen Elizabeth , disregarded her favour , and almost merited the title of martyr from the persecutions she heaped upon him for having abjured the Protestant worship , although educated in it by his father , the attainted Duke of Norfolk , in despite of Mary and her Spanish consort , who was likewise his sponsor . [ 7 ] Several of these splendid emblems of the Roman Catholic faith the late duke gave to his worthy kinsman , the present possessor of C —— y Castle ; and they decorate his house in London , amidst some chef d'oeuvres of the old Italian masters , which his good taste selected in Italy . The late Queen Caroline .— A servant entered in haste to induce me to go down to the sea-shore , and witness the embarkation of the P —— ss of W —— s. I immediately sallied forth , and found her r —— l h —— ss seated on the shingles , the adopted boy at her feet ; and on her left sat , with the skirts of his coat spread under his r —— l mistress , to protect her from the stones , our old ally Sir W —— m G —— l. The frigate had arrived off Worthing some days previous , commanded by the handsome Captain K —— g ; but her r —— l h —— ss was deterred from embarking there by a numerous assemblage of John Bulls , their wives , and babes , who were so rude and impetuous , as to terrify and induce her to take refuge on a less populous shore . The lively and merry Lady C —— L —— y , and the less pleasing Lady E —— F — s , with two foreign women , Major S — r , and the odious S —— o , composed her suite . Her r —— l h —— ss was habited in light green cloth , embroidered in silver , a Prussian cap of green satin , with a splendid plume of green feathers : the crown of the cap was conical , giving her an air something resembling Mother Shipton . Terror and dismay were depicted on her countenance , with all the varieties of unhappy feelings — not a smile played over her features — her voice was tremulous , and her brow contracted into one deep furrow — she was highly rouged , and her eyebrows pencilled with a broad line of black chalk — never was any person 's appearance less formed to inspire interest ! Sir W —— m forgot his usual indifferent manner on seeing me , and put on one of his comic expressions . In the impulse of the moment , I was on the point of addressing him , but fortunately recovered my presence d'esprit , and did not commit such a breach of etiquette , although there was such a total deficiency of r —— l dignity in the group that I might almost have been excused . In half an hour the cutter put off from the frigate : Captain K — g came from W —— by land , and apologized for the delay . Her r —— l h —— ss replied in a tremulous voice “ Never mind ! ” A small group of persons kept a respectful distance and a profound silence . One old man blessed her and wished her a safe return — when her footman burst into tears . The ocean raged tempestuous , as if in the spirit of anger , and the boat could not reach the shore . Her r —— l h —— ss was obliged to enter a pony cart , and her coachman drove it with difficulty through the billows . With some exertion Captain K — g and his lieutenant dragged her unwieldy form into the barge : the P —— ss went first , Lady E. F —— s followed , and then the tin box : our knight went last ; he came up to me , squeezed my hand affectionately , whispered a saucy adieu , and jumped into the boat . Such was the embarkation of the P —— ss of W —— s , and so passed away the illustrious consort of the heir apparent of these realms . [ WE SHALL RETURN TO THESE AMUSING VOLS .] EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS AND HINDOO TEMPLES COMPARED . The most common form of the Hindoo pagodas [ 8 ] is the pyramidal , of which one of the most remarkable is that of Chalembaram , on the Coromandel coast , about thirty-four geographical miles south of Pondicherry , and seven from the sea . [ 8 ] The word pagoda is a corruption of Bhagavati , “ holy house , ” one of the several names by which the Hindoo temples are known . The whole temple , with its attached buildings covers an area of 1 , 332 feet by 936 , ( according to others 1 , 230 feet by 960 ,) and is surrounded with a brick wall [ 9 ] 30 feet high and 7 thick , round which there is another wall furnished with bastions . The four entrances are under as many pyramids , which , up to the top of the portal , 30 feet in height , are formed of free-stone , ornamented with sculptured figures . Above the portal , the pyramid is built of tiles or bricks , to the height of 150 feet , with a coat of cement upon it , which is covered with plates of copper , and ornaments of baked clay . On passing through the chief portico of the western propylaea , we see on the left an enormous hall with more than 1 , 000 pillars , which are above 36 feet high , and covered over with slabs of stone ; this hall might have served as a gallery for the priests to walk about in , just like the hypostyle halls of the Egyptian temples . In the midst of these columns , and surrounded by them , is a temple called that of eternity . On the right or south side , we see the chief temple , with halls of several hundred pillars at the east and west end , also supporting a flat roof of stone . The pagoda itself rests on a basis 360 feet long and 260 broad , and rises to a surprising height . It is formed of blocks of stone 40 feet long , 4 feet wide , and 5 thick , which must have been brought , about 200 [ 10 ] miles , as there are no stone quarries in the neighbourhood . The temple has a peristyle round it ; and thirty-six of the pillars , which are placed in six rows , and form the portico , support a roof of smooth blocks . The columns are 30 feet high , and resemble the old Ionic pillar . The whole pyramid surpasses in size St. Paul 's church in London , the latter being only 474 [ 11 ] feet long and 207 wide . The roof of the pyramid has a copper casing covered with reliefs referring to mythical subjects ; the gilding which was once on it is still visible . In the middle of the courtyard there is a great tank , surrounded with a gallery of pillars and also an enclosure round it of marble , well polished and ornamented with sculptures and arabesques . In the eastern part there is still another court surrounded with a wall , on the inside of which is a colonnade covered with large slabs of stone . Here also there is a pagoda , which is but little inferior in size to the larger one ; but it contains only large dark chambers covered with sculptures , which have reference to the worship of certain deities , particularly Vishnu . The interior ornaments are in harmony with the whole ; from the nave of one of the pyramids there hang , on the tops of four buttresses , festoons of chains , in length altogether 548 feet , made of stone . Each garland , consisting of twenty links , is made of one piece of stone 60 feet long ; the links themselves are monstrous rings 32 inches in circumference , and polished as smooth as glass . One chain is broken , and hangs down from the pillar . In the neighbourhood of the pagodas there are usually tanks and basins lined with cement , or buildings attached for the purpose of lodging pilgrims who come from a distance . It is , however , often the case that the adjoining buildings , as well as the external ornaments in general , are in bad taste , and the work of a later age than the pagoda itself . [ 9 ] The outer wall is brick cased with stone : the inner is all of stone . The four sides are turned respectively to the four cardinal points ,— Heeren , India , p. 74 . [ 10 ] Fifty meilen . [ 11 ] These dimensions are not exact , even making allowance for Berlin feet . The pyramidical entrances of the Indian pagodas are analogous to the Egyptian propyla , while the large pillared rooms which support a flat roof of stone , are found frequently in the temples of both countries . Among the numerous divisions of the excavations of Ellora , there is an upper story of the Dasavatara , or the temple of Vishnu 's incarnations , the roof of which is supported by sixty-four square based pillars , eight in each row . This chamber is about 100 feet wide , and somewhat deeper , and as to general design may be compared with the excavated chambers of Egypt , which are supported by square columns . The massy materials , the dark chambers , and the walls covered with highly wrought sculptures ; and the tanks near the temples , with their enclosure of stone , and the steps for the pilgrims , are also equally characteristic of a pagoda and an Egyptian temple . To this we may add the high thick wall , of a rectangular form , carried all round the sacred spot : it is , however , principally the massy structure of these surrounding walls which forms the point of comparison , as Greek temples also had a wall enclosing the sacred ground , and the temples and churches of all countries are as a general rule separated from unhallowed ground , if not by strong walls at least by some mark which determines the extent of the sacred precincts . Yet there is a further resemblance worth noticing between some of these Hindoo pagodas and the great temple of Phtha at Memphis . The Egyptian temple had four chief entrances , or propyla , turned to the four cardinal points of the compass ; which is also the case with the pagoda of Chalembaram , with another at Siringam , and probably others also . The pagoda of Chalembaram , according to Indian tradition , is one of the oldest in their country , and this opinion is confirmed by the appearance of the principal temple contained within the walls ; but other parts , such as the pyramidal entrances , the highly finished sculptures , and the chain festoons , must be the work of a later date . It seems probable then that this enormous religious edifice was the growth of many ages , each adding something to enlarge and perfect the work of former days .— Lib . Ent . Knowledge . I look upon indolence as a sort of suicide ; for the man is efficiently destroyed , though the appetite of the brute may survive .— Lord Chesterfield . THE GATHERER A true Abernethian .— “ An old country curate , ” says Zimmerman , “ who had all his life resided upon a lofty mountain in the Canton of Berne , was one day presented with a moor-cock . A consultation took place in what manner it should be disposed of — at last it was agreed to bury it in the garden ! ” Epitaph on a notorious Liar . I always lied and lied till death , But now I lie for want of breath . Castanets are small wooden rattles , made in the shape of two bowls or cups , fitted together , and tied by a string , and then fastened to the thumbs . The fingers being rapidly struck upon them , a tremulous sound is produced , which marks exactly the measure of the dance . Something similar to this was the crotalon of the ancients , who also made use of small cymbals in their dances and festivals in honour of Bacchus . It is probable , however , that they had their origin in the East , and were brought by the Moors into Spain . Here too they received their name castennalas , from being commonly made of the wood of the chestnut , ( castano ) or from their colour . They are still common in Spain , and here and there in the South of France . In this country they are common in stage dances only . Cannon were formerly dignified with great names . Twelve cast by Louis XII . were called after the twelve peers of France . Charles V. had twelve , which he called the Twelve Apostles . One at Bois-le-Duc is called the Devil ; a sixty-pounder at Dover Castle , is named Queen Elizabeth 's Pocket Pistol ; an eighty-pounder at Berlin , is called the Thunderer ; another at Malaga , the Terrible ; two sixty-pounders at Bremen , the Messengers of Bad News . Dripping Rock , in India .— Sansadhara or the dripping rock , is a singular phenomenon , situated at the head of a dell , through which a rapid stream runs , between two lines of hills towards the valley of the Dhoon . It is an overhanging rock , about 50 feet high , through which water pours from above , in innumerable little streams , like a perpetual shower of rain ! The never-abating action of the water has worn the rock into many fantastic shapes ; and , crusting round the moss and fibres of the roots of trees , has given to it almost the appearance of a spar cavern . In several places the water has worn little reservoirs for itself , which are always full . It is cool , clear , and pleasant to the taste .— Captain Skinner . Catching Wild Ducks , & c. in India .— In the lower parts of Bengal , wild ducks , widgeon , and teal , are often taken by means of earthen pots . A number of these pots are floated amongst them in the lakes where they abound , to the sight of which they soon become reconciled , and approach them fearlessly . A man then goes into the water up to the chin , with one of these pots over his head , in the centre of which two small holes are made for him to see through ; and when he gets into the midst of the birds , he pulls them by the legs under water , fastening them to a girdle round his waist .— T . GILL . Hampden .— Lord Nugent , in his Memorials of John Hampden , relates the attack of Rupert 's troops upon the village of Chinnor . A local tradition of the affair has been related to me by an old inhabitant . In the room of a house , until lately occupied as a boarding-school , two of Rupert 's soldiers are said to have evinced great brutality . On entering the house , they demanded a flitch of bacon , hanging up in the room ; one of them held up a child which he had taken from a cradle , and crossing a sword over it , threatened its immediate destruction if their demands were not instantly complied with . There appear to have been sharp hostilities in the vicinity of Chinnor , and more particularly on the hills , as military buttons , sword handles , & c. and other vestiges of war are frequently found there .— W. H . Parody on Scott 's Lines “ Breathes there the Man , ” & c . Breathes there a cit , with taste so dead , Who never to himself hath said , “ This haunch surpasses all the rest ; ” Whose mouth hath ne'er within him burn 'd , Whene'er his footsteps he hath turn 'd From home , to Guildhall 's civic feast ? If such there breathe , go mark him well — For him no portly paunch can swell ; Large though his shop , his trade the same , Boundless his wealth as wish can claim , Despite his shop , his trade , his cash , The wretch who knows not ven'son hash , Living , shall forfeit civic fame , And dying , shall descend with shame , In double death , to Lethe 's pools , Despis 'd by epicures and fools . REX . Alchemy and Printing .— Antimony , once celebrated in the laboratories of the alchemists , who hoped to discover in it the philosopher 's stone , is now employed in the casting of types for printing .— There is much food for reflection in this curious fact in the history of science . How has this simple substance originated dreams of spell-bound ignorance , and realities of godlike intelligence . Nay , we are almost persuaded that the hopes of the alchemists were not altogether unfounded — that antimony is indeed what they hoped to find it — that the invention of printing was the finding of the philosopher 's stone ; and that we are at this moment enjoying ten-fold the advantages which the alchemists anticipated from their secret .— J. T . Printed and published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .