THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION VOL . XIII , NO . 361 .] SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER . [ PRICE 2d . THE NATURALIST THE TALIPOT TREE . THE GLOWWORM . THE DEATHWATCH MAGNIFIED . THE NATURALIST . See the Engravings . A delightful volume , of title almost synonymous with this division of the MIRROR , has just been published . It is entitled The Journal of a Naturalist , [ 1 ] with the very appropriate motto of —— Plants , trees , and stones , we note , Birds , insects , beasts , and many rural things . The author in his preface , says , “ Many years have now passed away since we were presented with that very interesting and amusing book , the ‘ Natural History of Selborne ; ’ nor do I recollect any publication at all resembling it having since appeared . "[ 2 ] He then acknowledges the impression which this book left on his mind ; and its having given rise to the present work , to which , in our humble opinion , it is a worthy companion . Our “ Naturalist ” resides in a village upon a very ancient road , connecting Bristol and Gloucester , in a limestone district , numbering among its picturesque beauties , the broad estuary of the Severn , the mountains of Glamorgan , Monmouth , and Brecon , and their peaceful vales and cheerful cottages ; Thornbury , with its fine cathedral-like church and castle , the red cliffs of the Severn , and numberless antiquities of our ancestors — as roads , encampments , aggera , watch-hills , coins , lances , and other relics of those warlike times . Labour and healthful enjoyment reign in this district : for it is neither torn up for its mineral wealth , nor are its natural beauties annihilated , or the habits of its population corrupted by speculation or avarice . A portrait of “ a worthy peasant , ” introduced by our author , reminds us of —— A bold peasantry , their country 's pride , When once destroyed , can never be supplied . A passage quoted by the late Mr. Canning , in one of his finest speeches ; and we often contrast this vigorous outline of the people of “ merry England ” with her artificial state of after times . Next are a page or two of agricultural chemistry ( analysis of soils ) unfettered with technicals ; double the space of what may strictly be called rural economy , ( grass lands ) succeed ; next the culture and history of the potato , and some new observations on “ the Teazle . ” Several pages on trees possess great interest , as do those on flowers . We regret we have room but for a few heads — the maple — the Naturalist 's Autumnal Walk — the Economy of Animals , especially of Birds : we must pass them over to elucidate our engraving of THE GLOWWORM . That pretty sparkler of our summer evenings , so often made the ploughboy 's prize , the only brilliant that glitters in the rustic 's hat , the glowworm , ( lampyris noctiluca ,) is not found in such numbers with us , as in many other places , where these signal tapers glimmer upon every grassy bank ; yet , in some seasons , we have a reasonable sprinkling of them . Every body probably knows , that the male glowworm is a winged , erratic animal , yet may not have seen him . He has ever been a scarce creature to me , meeting perhaps with one or two in a year ; and , when found , always a subject of admiration . Most creatures have their eyes so placed , as to be enabled to see about them ; or , as Hook says of the house-fly , to be “ circumspect animals ; ” but this male glowworm has a contrivance , by which any upward or side vision is prevented . Viewed when at rest , no portion of his eyes is visible , but the head is margined with a horny band , or plate , being a character of one of the genera of the order coleoptera , under which the eyes are situate . This prevents all upward vision ; and blinds , or winkers , are so fixed at the sides of his eyes , as greatly to impede the view of all lateral objects . See Figures . The chief end of this creature in his nightly peregrinations is to seek his mate , always beneath him on the earth ; and hence this apparatus appears designed to facilitate his search , confining his view entirely to what is before or below him . The first serves to direct his flight , the other presents the object of his pursuit : and as we commonly , and with advantage , place our hand over the brow , to obstruct the rays of light falling from above , which enables us to see clearer an object on the ground , so must the projecting hood of this creature converge the visual rays to a point beneath . Glowworms emit light only for a short period in the year ; and I have but partially observed it after the middle of July . I have collected many of these pretty creatures on a bank before my house , into which they retire during the winter , to shine out again when revived by the summer 's warmth ; but in this latter season I have frequently missed certain of my little proteg é s , and have reason to apprehend , that they formed the banquet of a toad , that frequented the same situation . Observing above , that the glowworm does not emit light after the 14th of July , I mean thereby that clear , steady light , which has rendered this creature so remarkable to all persons ; for I have repeatedly noticed , deep in the herbage , a faint evanescent light proceeding from these creatures , even as late as August and September . This was particularly manifested September the 28th , 1826 . The evening was warm and dewy , and we observed on the house-bank multitudes of these small evanescent sparks in the grass . The light displayed was very different from that which they exhibit in warm summer months . Instead of the permanent green glow , that illumines all the blades of the surrounding herbage , it was a pale transient spot , visible for a moment or two , and then so speedily hidden , that we were obliged , in order to capture the creature , to employ the light of a candle . The number of them , and their actions , creeping away from our sight , contrary to that half lifeless dulness observed in summer , suggested the idea , that the whole body had availed themselves of this warm , moist evening , to migrate to their winter station . A single spark or so was to be seen some evenings after this , but no such large moving parties were discovered again . If we conclude , that the summer light of the glowworm is displayed as a signal taper , the appearance of this autumnal light can have no such object in view , nor can we rationally assign any use of it to the creature itself , unless , indeed , it serves as a point of union in these supposed migrations , like the leading call in the flight of night-moving birds . The activity and numbers of these insects , in the above-mentioned evening , enabled me to observe the frequent presence and disappearance of the light of an individual , which did not seem to be the result of will , but produced by situation . During the time the insect crawled along the ground , or upon the fine grass , the glow was hidden ; but on its mounting any little blade , or sprig of moss , it turned round and presented the luminous caudal spot , which , on its falling or regaining its level , was hidden again . A summary of the peculiarities of the year 1825 , very appropriately concludes the volume , from which we may be tempted to make future extracts . THE TALIPOT TREE , The first of our Engravings is a species of palm , a native of Ceylon , and is one of the most magnificent wonders of the vegetable kingdom . The leaf is circular , terminating in the most beautiful rays , and folding up into plaits like a fan , which , in figure , it nearly resembles . This leaf is used in the maritime provinces of Ceylon as a mark of distinction , each person being allowed to have a certain number of these leaves , folded up as fans , carried with him by his servants ; and also in the Kandian country , in the shape of a round , flat umbrella on a long stick . The talipot leaves are likewise used by the common people to shelter themselves from the rain , one leaf affording sufficient shelter for seven or eight persons . It is also used in making tents . In 1818 , Sir Alexander Johnston gave to Sir Joseph Banks a very fine specimen of a tent made of their leaves , large enough to hold a party of ten persons at table . All the books of importance in Pali and Cingalese , relative to the religion of Buddhoo , in Ceylon , are written on lamina of these leaves , with either a brass or an iron style . There are some of these books in Sir A. Johnston 's collections , which are supposed to be from 500 to 600 years old , and which are still very perfect . In the museum of the Asiatic Society , there is a complete copy of the Pali book , called the Pansyapanas Iatakah , written on 1 , 172 laminae of the finest description of this sort of palm leaf . Large as the dimensions of the talipot leaf may appear , it is exceeded in size by the troolie of Surinam , which extends on the ground , and has frequently been known to attain the width of three feet , and the length of thirty . Our Engraving is copied from the Gardener 's Magazine , where it is reduced from the Transactions of the Asiatic Society . THE DEATHWATCH MAGNIFIED . Although the present may be a late hour to dissipate the faith placed in signs and tokens , we are persuaded that a more intimate knowledge of this insect will not prove uninteresting to our readers . [ 3 ] The name death watch was evidently derived from the importance attached to the beatings of the insect , which , by superstitious people , were formerly supposed to prognosticate death to some one of the family in whose house it was heard . The natural size of the insect is about a quarter of an inch in length , of a dark brown colour , spotted , with transparent wings under the vagina , or sheath , a huge cap or helmet on the head , and two antennae , or feelers , from beneath the eyes . It is chiefly in the advanced period of spring that these insects commence their noise ; and which is the call or signal by which they are mutually attracted to each other , and may be considered as analogous to the call of birds . This noise does not arise from their voice , but from the insect beating on hard substances , with the shield or fore part of its head . The general number of successive distinct strokes is from 7 to 9 or 11 . These are given in pretty quick succession , and are repeated at uncertain intervals ; and in old houses , where the insects are numerous , they may be heard , if the weather be warm , almost every hour in the day . The noise exactly resembles that made by beating moderately hard with the finger on a table . Mr. Stackhouse carefully observed its manner of beating . He says , the insect raises itself upon its hinder legs , and with the body somewhat inclined , beats its head with great force and agility against the place on which it stands . This insect , which is the real death-watch of the vulgar , must not be confounded with another minuter insect , which makes a ticking noise like a watch ; but instead of beating at intervals , it continues its noise for a considerable time without intermission . This latter belongs to a very different tribe . It is usually found in old wood , decayed furniture , neglected books , & c .; and both the male and the female have the power of making this ticking noise , in order to attract each other . The Rev . Mr. Derham seems to have been the first naturalist who examined and described this species ; and he says that during the month of July , in one particular summer , they scarcely ever ceased to beat either in day or night . The eggs are generally hatched about the beginning of March : many of them live through the winter ; but during that time , to avoid the frost , they bury themselves deep in dust . Mr. T. Carpenter ( of whose paper in Gill 's Repository we have already availed ourselves ) tells us that these insects are excellent anatomists : in order to render them useful in making some delicate dissections for his microscope , Mr. Carpenter placed a few of the insects within a pill-box , with the heads of three dead flies . He found some time afterwards , that they had cleared the interior of some of the eyes completely from all the blood-vessels , leaving the lenses in the cornea beautifully transparent . BIRDS ’ NESTS . The structure of the nests of birds affords , perhaps , one of the most agreeable lessons in Natural History . Among the most curious nests of our English birds may be named that of the Wren , the long-tailed Titmouse , the Thrush , the Goldfinch , the Chaffinch , the Magpie , and the House Sparrow ; to these may also be added the Swallow 's , the Martin 's , the Wood Pigeon 's , and the Wood-Pecker 's . Of the nests of Rooks , it may be sufficient to observe , that they are often found to the number of six , or even more in a cluster . Crows ’ nests are always solitary ; they are similar in structure to those of the rook . Among the nests of Foreign birds , that of the Taylor Bird deserves especial mention ; the bird itself is a diminutive one , being little more than three inches long ; it is an inhabitant of India . The nest is sometimes constructed of two leaves , one of them dead ; the latter is fixed to the living one as it hangs upon the tree , by sewing both together in the manner of a pouch or purse ; it is open at the top , and the cavity is filled with fine down ; and , being suspended from the branch , the birds are secure from the depredations of snakes and monkeys , to which they might otherwise fall a prey . In Dr. Latham 's collection is a specimen of the taylor bird 's nest , composed of a single large leaf , of a fibrous rough , texture , about six inches long independent of the stalk , five inches and a half in breadth , and ending in a point . The sides of this leaf are drawn together so as to meet within three-quarters of an inch ; within is the nest , about four inches deep and two broad , opening at the top ; the bottom of the leaf is drawn upwards , to assist in the support of it . The interior nest is composed of white down , with here and there a feather and a small portion of white down intermixed . Another nest of this bird has also been described as composed of several leaves , like those of some kind of hazel sewed together ; the inner nest formed of dry bents , fibres , and hairs , suspended from a tree . It is , therefore , probable that this bird , as well as some others , varies the structure of its nest as occasion and the materials may require . These singular works are performed by the bird 's using his bill instead of a needle , and vegetable fibres for thread . The Rufous Bee-eater , or Merops Rufus , constructs also a very singular nest . This bird is a native of Buenos Ayres ; the nest is built generally on the naked great branch of a tree , sometimes on the windows of houses , a fence , or a projecting beam of a high house or other building ; it is composed of earth , in the form of a baker 's oven , and is often built in the short space of two days , both birds being engaged in its construction ; it is six inches in diameter , and one thick ; a division is within , beginning at the entrance , and carried circularly , so that the eggs are deposited in the inner chamber , on a bed of grass . The swallow and other birds often attempt to obtain possession of this nest , but are generally repulsed by the owners . Many of the Orioles ’ nests are also deserving notice . The black and yellow Oriole , inhabiting South America , has a pendent nest , shaped like an alembic ; it is affixed to the extreme branches of trees ; sometimes , it is said , so many as four hundred nests are found hanging on the same tree . The Philippine and Pensile Grosbeak make also very curious nests . In concluding this account of the nests of birds , I may notice here the nest of the Hirundo esculenta , or Esculent Swallow , an inhabitant of China and the Islands of the Indian Ocean . The nest consists of a gelatinous substance , in shape resembling an apple cut down the middle . The nests are found in great numbers together , and are by the luxurious Asiatics made into broths , and otherwise cooked , and are esteemed one of the greatest dainties of the table ; they are also occasionally used for glue .— Jennings 's Ornithologia . [ 1 ] We are pleased therefore to commence our Supplementary Sheet with such a volume as the present , which we have reserved for this purpose . The feelings which it must engender in the reader will be doubly grateful in these troublous times of strong political excitement : they enjoin “ peace on earth , and goodwill towards men . ” the Divine antidote to the storms of conflicting interests and passions , and the balm which heals the thorny wounds of the world , that cross every path and tear the finest sympathies of our nature . It adds , moreover , a pleasant variety to the contents of our sheet , and alternates with the vicissitudes of enterprise , in the progress of infant liberty in the New World , as in the Memoirs of the patriot Miller ;— the daring and recklessness of crime , as in the vivid sketch of First and Last ;— the picturesque country and ceremonies of Arabia and its religious people , as drawn by Burckhardt ;— and the architectural embellishment of the Metropolis , as shown in Britton 's Picture of London . [ 2 ] In the MIRROR , dated March 1 , 1828 , we noticed “ Gilbert White 's Natural History of Selborne , is one of the most delightful household books in our language , and we are surprised at the rarity of such works . ” The publication of the Journal of a Naturalist , early in March , 1829 , is “ a coincidence . ” [ 3 ] Philosophers and wits have written on this subject . Sir Thomas Brown , who wrote a book of Vulgar Errors , remarks with great seriousness that the man “ who could eradicate this error from the minds of the people , might prevent the fearful passions of the heart , and many cold sweats taking place in grandmothers and nurses ” — Swift lets fly the shafts of satire in these lines .— A woodworm That lies in old wood , like a hare in her form ; With teeth , or with claws , it will bite , or will scratch ; And chambermaids christen this worm a death-watch ; Because , like a watch , it always cries click ; Then woe be to those in the house who are sick ; For sure as a gun they will give up the ghost If the maggat cries click when it scratches the post . Gay , too , in a pastoral dirge , says , The wether 's bell , Before the drooping flock , toll 'd forth her knell ; The solemn deathwatch click 'd the hour she died . FINE ARTS METROPOLITAN IMPROVEMENTS . Abridged from the “ Introduction ” to Britton 's Picture of London , 26th edition , just published . The year 1825 will ever be memorable in the annals of the metropolis ; for more novel improvements , changes , and events occurred in that one year than during any other corresponding period . Schemes for the formation of new Companies — the vast speculations arising out of them , tending to the aggrandizement of a few persons , and to the ruin of others , with the utilities of some , and the futilities and impositions of many ,— may also be said to belong to this year . Let us , however , take a brief review of the real improvements and useful novelties that have been progressing , or have commenced in London since that singular and eventful era . Commencing at the court , or west end , we will take an imaginary tour to the east , adverting to such new buildings as are calculated to arrest the attention of the stranger in our progress . Without remarking on the general improvements of the age , we shall find enough to engross our attention in the particular objects before us . The most noted , or conspicuous of these are :— 1 . The New Palace , with the adjoining Park and Gardens . 2 . A Terrace , Street , and Public Buildings on the site of Carlton House . 3 . Belgrave Square , and the adjoining Squares and Streets . 4 . The Entrance Lodges and Bridge in Hyde Park , with the improvements in the Roads and Walks of the same . 5 . The Regent 's Park , with its Terraces , Villas , Public Buildings , Zoological Gardens , and Colosseum . 6 . The London University . 7 . The British Museum . 8 . The Post Office . 9 . London Bridge , and its Vicinity . 10 . St. Katherine 's Docks . 11 . The New Buildings and Alterations connected with the Houses of Parliament , the Ministerial Offices , and others , at Charing Cross . All these rank among the novelties and embellished features of London ; and whilst the design and execution of so many public works manifest the increasing taste , or luxury of the age , they employ and give encouragement to numerous artists , artisans , and tradesmen . Of the Royal Palace , suffice it to remark , in this place , that it is a large pile of building ,— has been carried on with great rapidity of execution ,— its whole exterior is stone , many parts of which are adorned with sculptured statues , basso-relievo , and other ornaments ,— that a highly-decorated triumphal arch , composed of fine white , marble , is to be raised , at a short distance from the centre of the principal front — and that the interior is to be splendidly adorned with marble , scagliola , and other rich materials ; whilst the galleries , armoury , chapel , state-rooms , & c. are to display the most gorgeous ornaments of the cabinet-maker , upholsterer , decorative painter , and other artisans . The Park , in front of this palace , which had continued for nearly a century in one state of formal , tasteless insipidity , has been laid out as a large pleasure-garden , interspersed with lawn , clusters of shrubs and flowers , winding walks , varied surface , and a lake , whose margin is made to wind with every inequality of surface , spreading occasionally into a broad expanse , and then contracting to a narrow arm . In the midst of the larger spaces are islands , covered with aquatic trees and shrubs . The Gardens , or Pleasure Grounds , belonging to the Palace , partake of the same character ; but are adorned with shrubs , plants , and flowers of a more choice description . A large piece of water is likewise formed in the midst of these Gardens . Belgrave Square , and Vicinity . Immediately to the west of the boundary-wall of the royal gardens is a tract of ground , which , in 1824 , was open fields , intersected by mud-banks , and partly occupied by a few sheds , and inhabited by the lowest characters of society . In 1829 , the same land , consisting of about 140 acres , is nearly covered with houses of the largest size , surrounding spacious squares , or skirting wide and handsome streets . Of all the extraordinary works carried into effect by London gentlemen and tradesmen , we may fairly adduce this as a pre-eminent example . In the space of about four years , the houses surrounding one large square , called Belgrave , have been erected , some of them finished and occupied , and several others , of nearly equal dimensions and value , completed . The most prominent feature of this district is Belgrave Square , which includes within the front walls of the houses an area of about ten acres , the centre of which , enclosed by lofty and handsome railing , is laid out as a pleasure garden . The whole of the houses are large , lofty , and spacious , with stuccoed fronts , porches , balustraded balconies ; and those in the centre of each side are decorated with columns , or three-quarter columns , vases on the parapet , & c . Of Eaton Square , one portion only is built at present : as laid out , planted , and railed in , it is intended to occupy an area of about fourteen acres , and will be bounded by four rows of houses on the north side , and the like number on the south side , having the king 's private road extending east and west through the centre . It measures 600 yards long by 120 yards wide , between the houses . At the eastern extremity is a new church , built from the designs of Henry Hakewill , Esq . To the north of this district , at Hyde Park Corner , is a large new edifice appropriated to St. George 's Hospital . It is a commodious and handsome building , from the designs of R. Smirke , Esq . Near it , and forming an entrance lodge to the Palace Gardens , is a bold , large , and highly-decorated archway , built from the designs of Decimus Burton , Esq . Opposite is a screen of columns , with three entrance archways , a lodge , & c. constituting an architectural entrance to Hyde Park . Three other lodges , with gates , by Mr. Burton , form so many other entrances to the Park from the east and north — Apsley House , the town mansion of the Duke of Wellington , at the south-east angle of Hyde Park , is rebuilding from the designs of Messrs. B. and C. Wyatt , and will form a handsome object at this entrance to the metropolis . The Earl of Grosvenor has set a most laudable example to our opulent nobility , in the new wing to his mansion in Grosvenor Street , as a gallery for his valuable pictures . It is a handsome and imposing design , and does honour to the architect , Mr Cundy . The new Club Houses in St. James 's Street , especially that near the southern end , present imposing fronts ; and it may be added , that most of the other Club Houses have contributed very much to adorn their respective situations , and to impart a strictly architectural character to our street buildings . The site of Carlton House , and its gardens , is occupied by a wide street , by a lofty terrace overlooking the Park , by club houses , & c. Two of the latter terminate Waterloo Place , and are appropriated to “ the United Service , ” and “ the Athenaeum ; ” the first built from the designs of Mr. Nash , and the latter from those of Mr. D. Burton . From Charing Cross to Exeter ‘ Change an amazing improvement has commenced . All the houses on the north side of the Strand are taking down , and others raising , farther back , by which the street will be much widened , and the new buildings will assume better faces , if not better accommodation , for the tradesmen who occupy them . That museum of sheds , stalls , and filth , Covent Garden , is also to be cleared and cleansed , and respectable ranges of shops and warerooms are to be erected . It is now confidently said , that “ the King 's College of London ” is to be attached to the eastern side of Somerset House ; and that Mr. Smirke is commissioned to make a design for the building . In the Regent 's Park a new Terrace and other buildings , are in progress ; the great Colosseum is nearly finished , and the Zoological Gardens have excited unusual popularity . No less than 130 , 000 visiters have been admitted to view the gardens and the vivarium within the year 1828 . On the east side of the Park is a mass of buildings appropriated to St. Katherine 's Hospital , consisting of a chapel in the centre , with a group of dwellings on each side , and a detached mansion for the master . South of this is a series of buildings , called Cumberland Terrace , raised from the designs of Mr. Nash , which is abundantly adorned with columns , arches , statues , and basso-relievo . The Colosseum , in the same Park , is a building of great dimensions , and novel appropriation , and therefore calculated to excite very popular attention . Near this is the Diorama , an edifice of singular construction , destined for the public display of two pictures . A new line of communication from this Park to Pall Mall has been completed within the last few years , by a wide and handsome road called Regent Street . London University — The situation of the first University founded in this immense city is most peculiarly favourable , being equally removed from the busy and confined part of the metropolis , and from the fashionable and idle ; whilst it is not inconveniently remote from either extremity . The building was commenced on the 30th of April , 1827 , when the Duke of Sussex laid the first stone , in the presence of a large concourse of noblemen and gentlemen . The design is by William Wilkins , Esq ., R. A ., who has evinced in the principal elevation and general character of the edifice considerable taste and science . When completed , it is intended to consist of a central part , and two wings projecting at right angles from the extremities of the former . The first portion only of this is at present finished . It extends from north to south 430 feet , with a depth , from east to west , including the two semicircular theatres , of about 200 feet . The elevation is at once classical and chaste , having a bold and rich portico in the centre , elevated on a plinth , to the height of the first story ( 19 feet ,) and is approached by numerous steps , which are arranged to produce a fine effect . Twelve Corinthian columns support a flattened pediment , in the tympanum of which is to be a composition in basso-relievo , analogous to science and literature . Behind this pediment is a cupola , finished by a lantern light , in imitation of a peripteral temple , crowning and ornamenting a grand octagonal vestibule , or saloon . North of this is the museum of natural history , 118 feet by 50 , and 23 feet in height , opening to the museum of anatomy , which latter communicates with two rooms for professors , and to one of the large theatres , or lecture-rooms . East of the vestibule is a large hall , and to the south is the great library , corresponding in size , & c. with the museum of natural history ; the small library ; rooms for the librarian , for apparatus , and also another large theatre . The ground-floor consists of rooms for lectures , the Professor 's offices , laboratory , museum , a spacious cloister 213 feet by 24 ; rooms for the anatomical school , & c. In the basement are other apartments for the anatomical schools , for the chemical laboratory , the students ’ common room , kitchen , stewards ’ room , refreshment rooms , housekeeper 's room , vaults , & c . At the British Museum a new room , to contain the late king 's library , has been built and fitted up from the designs of Mr. R. Smirke . It is the largest apartment in this country , its measurement being 300 feet in length , by 30 feet in width , and 30 feet high , The St. Katherine 's Docks , recently formed near the Tower , will increase this species of accommodation , and be a great improvement to a district where reform and alteration are much required . By a statement published by the Committee in October , 1828 , it appears that “ the first stone was laid 3rd of May , 1827 , ” and that a grand ceremony was exhibited on the 25th of October , 1828 , of opening the Docks . On that occasion , nine vessels , of from 516 to 343 tons burden , entered the docks to load and discharge their freights . Above 1 , 200 houses , warehouses , & c. were purchased and taken down , to make room for the new works . Accommodation is provided for the stowage of 210 , 000 tons of merchandize ; and , from the improved construction of the warehouses , these goods will be always housed under cover . The fixed capital for completing this great commercial undertaking is 1 , 352 , 752l . A Collier Dock , on a large scale , has been projected to be excavated and formed in the Isle of Dogs , near Blackwall for which Mr. George Rennie has made plans and estimates . The New London Bridge , now nearly completed , is a work of great magnitude , science , and novelty . Its erection , in our times , and following the recent finishing of the bridges of Waterloo and Southwark , is a memorable event in the annals of London . The projected Tunnel under the Thames is not only a novel object in this part of London , but , should it ever be accomplished , it will be a wonderful triumph of human talents over seeming impossibilities . Although so many useful and even important improvements have been recently effected in the metropolis , there are yet many things left undone that ought to be done , and others proceeding in a manner that will neither be creditable nor beneficial . The widening and opening of New Streets from Pall Mall to the British Museum ; from that national repository to Waterloo Bridge , skirting the two theatres ;— from the Strand to Lincoln 's Inn Fields , and thence to Holborn ; and again to Covent Garden ;— from Charing Cross to Somerset House ;— from Oxford Road to Bloomsbury Square and Holborn ;— from Blackfriars ’ Bridge to Clerkenwell , removing and clearing away that nuisance in a public thoroughfare , Fleet Market ;— from Moorfields to the Bank , and thence obliquely to Southwark Bridge ;— widening and opening the area around St. Paul 's Cathedral ,— are all calculated to be very beneficial to the public . Other essential alterations are still required ; and the legislature , as well as all public-spirited individuals , should co-operate to promote them . The formation of open , respectable quays , terraces , and streets , on the banks of our fine river , is an event greatly to be desired . The vastly-increasing population of London , has occasioned a great augmentation of Churches and Chapels , both for congregations of the establishment , and for dissenters . In consequence of urgent , and argumentative appeals by some truly pious and benevolent Christians , the legislature has granted a large sum for the purpose of aiding parochial committees , to build new churches or enlarge their old ones . The New Post Office , in St. Martin'shYpppHeNlehYpppHeNGrand , is fast approaching conclusion , and will constitute one of the most imposing public buildings of the city . Preparatory to the re-erection of the whole of the Blue Coat School , or Christ 's Hospital , in Newgate Street , a spacious and handsome Hall has been erected , from the designs of Mr. Shaw . A new Chapel , of novel design , being of an amphitheatrical form , has been recently completed , from the designs of W. Brooks , architect . It is seated near the Catholic Chapel , in Finsbury Circus . THE SKETCH-BOOK . THE FIRST AND LAST CRIME . Blackwood 's Magazine for the current month contains a sketchy article under this title , which displays much of the breadth and vigour of one of Maga 's contributors . Our extract is in the form of the confession of a reckless , daring spirit , who being imprisoned for murder , commits suicide . The early developement of his bad passions is admirably drawn , and altogether this is one of the most powerfully written papers that we have lately met with . I was the youngest child of three ; but before I had attained my tenth year , I was an only one . I had always been the favourite of both my parents , and now I was their idol . They hung upon my existence , as a shipwrecked mariner clings to the last floating fragment of the gallant bark that bore him ; they lived , but while they held by me , in the rough tossings of the ocean of life . I was not slow to discover my value in their estimation , or to exercise , in its fullest extent , the capricious tyranny of conscious power . Almost the earliest impression which my ripening mind received , was a regal immunity from error — I could do no wrong . My education was not neglected . Alas ! the only use I have ever made of what I acquired , has been to gild my vices when acted , or refine upon the manner of acting them while in contemplation . I look back , at this moment , to the period of my life I am describing , as prosperous men recall the day-spring of their fortunes . They , from the proud eminence on which they stand , trace , step by step , in retrospective view , the paths by which they ascended ; and I , looking through the dark vista of my by-gone years , behold the fatal series of crimes and follies that stained their progress , stretching to my boyhood . The gay and frolic irregularities , as they were gently termed , of that untamed age , were the turbid source of the waters of misery in which I am now engulphed , I was a lawless planet , running at will ; and the orbit I described laid waste more than one fair region of peace and happiness . My father had a brother , his elder by many years ; a man of stern and rigid character , as I then considered him ; but , as I would now call him , of upright , firm , and honourable principle . He loved my father , but did not love his weakness ; and the display of it , in his indulgence towards me , was the cause of many a serious , if not sometimes angry , debate between them . Well do I remember ( for it rankled like poison in my swelling heart ) a declaration he once made in my presence . It was a fine autumnal evening , and he was seated with my father and mother in a balcony , which opened from the library-window upon a spacious lawn . I entered the room , and advanced towards them , unconscious , of course , that their conversation had been about me ; but my uncle looking at me with a severe expression of countenance , and at the same time addressing his brother , exclaimed , “ Well , James , neither you nor I may live to see it ; but if the grace of God , or his own better reflection , as he grows older , do not work a change in this young squire , a duel , Jack Ketch , or a razor , will work his exit some day or other . ” My father smiled — I saw my mother wipe away a tear — at that moment I could have struck my uncle dead . I muttered a few words — I knew not what , and left the room . Boy as I was , ( for I had barely completed my seventeenth year ,) I felt all the vindictive passions of manhood kindling within me . It seemed as if a sentence had been passed upon me , the more terrible , because a secret voice whispered to me , it was prophetic ! That impression never forsook me ! I questioned my father haughtily , a few days afterwards , as to the reasons of his brother for thus speaking of me ; and I even dared to insinuate , that , had he felt what a father should , he would have resented the indignity . He answered me ( I write it with shame and contrition ) most mildly , most affectionately . The gentle being — I see him now , as he tenderly took my hand — apologized to me — to me ! who ought to have stood trembling in his presence ! I followed up my blow . With cold , but subtle malignity . I played off my revenge towards my uncle , through the idolatry of my father 's love towards myself . I barbarously gave him a choice of misery ; for I disdainfully replied , that he must henceforth determine , whether he would lose a brother or a son , as I had determined to remain no longer under his roof , unless I had the assurance that I should never again see my uncle there . He looked at me . My God ! what a look it was ! so full of meek sorrow and appalling obedience ! Without uttering a word , he sat down to his writing-table . The tears fell upon his paper ; but they did not blot out a few bitter words addressed to his brother , which severed for ever in this world two noble hearts ; cast , indeed , in different moulds , but which kindred blood had cemented , in the close bonds of fraternal love , for more than forty years . This was my first revenge . But was I satisfied ? No ! It was only a few months afterwards , that chance threw in my way a daughter of my uncle 's . I met her at the house of a common friend , who knew and deplored the unhappy schism which prevailed between the two brothers . He was equally attached to both , and I believe pleased himself with the idea , that an occasional intercourse between the younger branches of the families , might , some day or other , bring about a reconciliation between the heads . My cousin Harriet was a year older than myself . She was in her nineteenth , I in my eighteenth year . I loved her . Yes ; the first feeling that glowed within my bosom was that of love . She was beautiful — fascinating — accomplished — amiable — and I loved her . It was not long before I was satisfied . I had kindled a reciprocal passion in her breast . The mute eloquence of her look and manner was only the harbinger of that same thrilling eloquence , which fell from her tongue when I won the declaration of her affection . Her father knew we met at this friend 's house ; but whether he was told , or whether he penetrated , the secret of our attachment , I never learned . I only know , that , at the very moment when separation was madness , his mandate went forth , prohibiting all farther intercourse between us , and that it was obeyed . Not by me ; for I was incapable of submission : but by my gentle Harriet , who thought herself incapable of disobeying . We met no more where we had been wont to meet ; and my young heart 's spring of happiness seemed for ever withered . But here again , I began to reflect , my path was crossed — my hopes were blighted — by my uncle . I heard , too , that his tongue had been free with my name ; that the blistering censure of his austere virtue had fallen upon my actions . I writhed under the contumely . My wounded spirit was insatiate for vengeance . I meditated , deeply , how I could inflict it , so as to strike the blow where he was most vulnerable . I did not brood long over my dark purpose . The love I still bore his daughter , was now mingled with the hatred I bore towards himself ; and I exulted in the thought , that I should perhaps be able to gratify , at one and the same moment , two of the fiercest passions of my nature — lust and revenge ! I SUCCEEDED ! In these two words let me shroud a tale of horror . Harriet was my victim ! Ask not how . I triumphed ! She fell ! An angel might have fallen as she did , and lost no purity . But her stainless heart was too proud in virtue to palter and equivocate with circumstances . She never rose from what she deemed her bridal bed . And ere twenty summers had fanned her cheek , the grave-worm banqueted upon its loveliness . This was my first crime . The recollection of it is engraven upon my memory by an awful catastrophe . The night wind that sung her funeral dirge , howled with dismal fury through the burning ruins of my paternal mansion . Yes ! that very night , as if it were in mercy to them , my father and my mother both perished in the flames which reduced the house itself to cinders . They were seen at the windows of their bedchamber , shrieking for aid ; but before any could be procured , the flooring gave way , and they sunk at once into the yawning furnace that roared beneath . Their remains , when afterwards dug out , were a few shovelsfull of blackened ashes ; except my father 's right hand , which was found clasped in that of my mother , and both unconsumed . I followed these sad relics to the sepulchre . But with the tears I shed , there was blended a feeble consolation at the thought they had died before they knew the fate of Harriet ; and a frightful joy , that another pang was added to the wretchedness of my uncle . I can well remember what a feeling of loneliness and desolation now took possession of me . Time , however , rolled on ; and I grew callous , if not reconciled . I could not disguise from myself that the more select circles of society were closed against me ; or , if I found my way into them , some blushing whisper was quickly circulated , which created a solitude around me . It was during this period , and while I was squandering thousands to achieve the conquest of shadows , that I succeeded in fixing an intimacy with a family equal to my own in station , and superior to it in fortune . The eldest daughter was an heiress of large expectations , and my proposals of marriage were favourably received . I might almost say that Matilda was mine ; when one day I received a letter from her father , peremptorily forbidding my visits . I was thunderstruck . I hastened to the house , and demanded an explanation . It was given in few words . I was referred to my uncle for any information I required . This blow struck me down . I had run through my patrimonial estate ; but hoped , by my marriage with Matilda , to repair my shattered fortune . Three weeks after it was known that the match was broken off , I was a prisoner for debt in the King 's Bench ! I breathed no curses upon the cause of this sudden reverse of fortune , but — I swore revenge , in silence ; and I kept my oath . I languished away six months , a captive debtor ; and then , taking the benefit of the act , I walked forth a beggar , to prey upon the world at large ! I had studied , during that time , in an admirable school , where I found professors in every art by which fools are gulled , and knaves foiled with their own weapons . I was an apt scholar , and returned to the bosom of society , an adept in the science of polished depredation . Translate this into the language of the Old Bailey , and I became a swindler by profession . Like the eagle , however , I was a bird of prey that soared into the highest regions , and rarely stooped to strike the meaner tribes of my species . I had not lost , with the trappings of my birth , the manners and address of the sphere in which I had moved ; and these were now my stock in trade for carrying on my new vocation . Among the children of misfortune with whom I associated in prison , was Charles Fitzroy ; a bankrupt in every thing but exhaustless invention , and unconquerable perseverance . Give him the free use of his limbs , and with matchless dexterity he would make the contributions of the morning furnish out the riotous expenses of the evening . It was his boast , that he would breakfast with an empty pocket , and dine with a purse that should defray the carouse of a dozen friends . And I have known him fulfil his boast , with a heart as light , too , as became a man who thus made the credulous fools of the world his bankers . I was needy , desperate , and an outcast ; and I linked my destiny with Fitzroy 's . He had my confidence ; such confidence as confederates in knavery can bestow . When he obtained his liberty , which he did shortly after my own was accomplished , he introduced me to his companions ; men who , like himself , lived by plundering the unwary , and who looked up to him as their Magnus Apollo . I was soon initiated in all their mysteries ; and played my part to admiration at the gaming-table , on the race course , and in the ring . Fitzroy was master of the secret that festered near my heart ; the increased and increasing hatred towards my uncle . I regarded him as my evil genius ; for not only had he thwarted me in two of the dearest objects of my life ; but his prediction of my boyhood had clung to me like a poisoned garment . I could not shake it off ; and now , more than ever , it seemed accomplishing itself with rapid strides . It made me mad when I reflected upon the polluted channels through which my precarious means flowed , and thought of the luxurious enjoyments which his opulence commanded . It was true , I had dashed his cup with bitterness ; but it was no less true , that it still flowed with sweets , while mine was brimming with gall . Fitzroy would often talk to me upon this subject , and devise schemes for a successful inroad upon his purse . At length a plan was matured between us , in which I could not appear , but which Fitzroy , and a picked few of our associates , undertook to execute . My uncle had always been passionately fond of the course , and prided himself upon his stud of racers . He betted largely , and was generally fortunate , probably because he selected his men with a wary eye . The race course , then , was the arena chosen for the enterprise ; but admirable as were the projected plans , and skilfully as they were executed , such was his luck , or so profound were his calculations , that they failed five successive seasons . Fitzroy , however , was one of those men who , when satisfied that what they engage in ought to succeed , according to the means employed , only derive fresh vigour from every fresh defeat . He played his game a sixth time , and won . The same day that saw my uncle rise with thousands , saw him seek his pillow at night , a frantic beggar ! He was too proud a man , too honourable , I will add , not to throw down his last guinea , in satisfaction of such demands . He never suspected villany in the business . He paid his losses , therefore ; and in less than a week afterwards , an inquest sat upon his body , which was found at the bottom of his own fish pond . I had my share of this infernal plunder ; but so ravenous had been my appetite for revenge , that not one pang of remorse disturbed the riotous enjoyments in which it was lavished . On the contrary , the very consciousness that it was my uncle 's money I squandered , gave a zest to every excess , and seemed to appease the gnawing passions which had so long tormented me . In two or three years , however , boundless extravagance , and the gaming-table , stripped me of my last shilling . It was in one of the frenzied moments of this profligate reverse of fortune , that I committed the crime for which , if to-morrow dawned upon me , I should be publicly arraigned . Fitzroy had been fortunate the whole night . I had thrown with constant bad luck . He had pocketed some hundreds ; I had lost more than I could pay . I asked him for a temporary loan of fifty pounds , to make good what I owed , and stake the small remaining sum for the chance of retrieving all . He refused me . It was the first time he had ever done so . But he not only refused me , he taunted me with sarcastic reproofs for my folly , and muttered something about the uselessness of assisting a man who , if he had thousands , would scatter them like dust . He should have chosen a fitter moment to exhort me , than when I was galled by my losses , and by his denial of my request . I was heated with wine too ; and half mad with despair , half mad with drink , I sprang upon him , tore him to the earth , and before the by-standers could interfere to separate us , I had buried a knife , which I snatched from a table near me , up to the handle in his heart ! He screamed — convulsively grappled me by the throat — - and expired ! His death-gripe was so fierce and powerful , that I believe had we been alone , his murderer would have been found strangled by his side . It was with difficulty that the horror-struck witnesses of this bloody scene could force open his clenched hands time enough to let me breathe . I have done ! I remember , as if it were but yesterday , the silent response which my heart made , when my uncle pronounced that withering sentence on me . “ No ! ” was my indignant exclamation ; “ I may deserve a hundred public deaths ; but if I know myself , I would never undergo one !— NOR WILL I . ” When that which I have written shall be read — other hopes and fears — other punishments , perchance , than man can awaken or inflict — will await me . My first crime — my first revenge , and my last , I have recorded ; my last crime others must tell , when they speak of the murderer and SUICIDE , JAMES MORLEY . There is little doubt that scarcely a moment intervened between his writing his name , and placing the pistol to his heart ; for when he was discovered , the pen was lying on the paper , as if it had been laid down only for an instant . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . REGAL TABLET . ( Concluded from page 166 .) CHARLES II . restored 29th May , 1669 , ended 6th Feb. 1685 . Popes . Alexander VII ., 1655 . Clement IX ., 1667 . Clement X ., 1670 . Innocent XI ., 1676 . Emperor of Germany . Leopold I ., 1658 . France . Louis XIV ., 1643 . Spain . Philip IV ., 1620 . Charles II ., 1665 . Portugal . Alonzo VI ., 1656 . Pedro II ., 1683 . Denmark Frederic III ., 1648 . Christian V ., 1670 . Sweden . Charles XI ., 1660 . JAMES II . began his reign 6th Feb. 1685 , abdicated 13th Feb. 1689 . Contemporaries all as in the last reign . WILLIAM AND MARY began their reign 13th Feb. 1689 , ended 8th March , 1702 . Popes . Innocent XI ., 1676 . Alexander VIII ., 1689 . Innocent XII ., 1691 . Clement XI ., 1700 . Emperor of Germany . Leopold I ., 1658 . France . Louis XIV ., 1643 . Spain . Charles II ., 1665 . Philip V ., 1700 . Portugal . Pedro II ., 1683 . Denmark . Christian V ., 1670 . Frederic IV ., 1699 . Sweden . Charles XI ., 1660 . Charles XII ., 1697 . Prussia . Frederic I ., 1701 . ANNE began her reign 8th March , 1702 , ended 1st Aug. 1714 . Popes . Clement XI ., 1700 . Emperors of Germany . Leopold I ., 1658 . Joseph I ., 1705 . Charles VI ., 1711 . France . Louis XIV ., 1643 . Spain . Philip V ., 1700 . Portugal . Pedro II ., 1683 . John V ., 1706 . Denmark . Frederic IV ., 1699 . Sweden . Charles XII . 1697 . Prussia . Frederic I ., 1701 . Frederic William I ., 1713 . The Illustrious House of Brunswick . GEORGE I . began his reign 1st Aug. 1714 , ended 11th June , 1727 . Popes . Clement XI ., 1700 . Innocent XIII ., 1721 . Benedict XIII ., 1723 . Emperor of Germany . Charles VI ., 1711 . Russia . Peter I ., 1724 . Catherine I ., 1725 . Peter II ., 1727 . France . Louis XIV ., 1643 . Louis XV ., 1715 . Spain . Philip V ., 1700 . Portugal . John V ., 1706 . Denmark . Frederic IV ., 1699 . Sweden . Charles XII . 1697 . Ulrica , 1718 . Frederic , 1720 . Prussia . Frederic William I ., 1713 . GEORGE II . began his reign 11th June , 1727 , ended 25th Oct. 1760 . Popes . Benedict XIII ., 1723 . Clement XII ., 1730 . Benedict XIV ., 1740 . Clement XIII ., 1758 . Emperors of Germany . Charles VI ., 1711 . Charles VII ., 1740 . Francis I ., 1745 . Russia . Peter II ., 1727 . Anne ., 1730 . John V ., 1740 . Elizabeth , 1741 . France . Louis XV ., 1715 . Spain . Philip V ., 1700 . Ferdinand , 1746 . Charles III ., 1759 . Portugal . John V ., 1706 . Joseph , 1750 . Denmark . Frederic IV ., 1699 . Christian VI . 1730 . Frederic V ., 1746 . Sweden . Frederic , 1720 . Adolphus , 1751 . Prussia . Frederic William , I , 1713 . Frederic II ., 1740 . GEORGE III . began his reign 25th Oct. 1760 , ended 29th Jan. 1820 . Popes . Clement XIII ., 1758 . Clement XIV ., 1769 . Pius VI ., 1775 . Pius VII ., 1800 . Emperors of Germany . Francis I ., 1745 . Joseph II ., 1765 . Francis II ., 1792 . [ 4 ] Austria . Francis I ., 1806 . Turkey . Mustapha III ., 1757 . Achmed , 1774 . Selim III ., 1789 . Mahamud VI ., 1808 . Portugal . Joseph , 1750 . Mary and Peter III ., 1777 . Mary ( alone ) , 1786 . John , 1816 . Russia . Elizabeth , 1741 . Peter III ., 1762 . Catharine II ., 1762 . Paul I ., 1796 . Alexander , 1801 . Prussia . Frederic the Great , 1740 . Frederic William II ., 1786 . France . Louis XV ., 1715 . Louis XVI ., 1774 . Louis XVII . 1793 . Bonaparte , 1799 . Louis XVIII ., 1814 . Spain . Charles III ., 1759 . Charles IV ., 1788 . Ferdinand VII ., 1808 . Denmark . Frederic V ., 1746 . Christian VII ., 1766 . Matilda , 1772 . Frederic VI . 1808 . Sweden . Adolphus Frederic , 1751 . Gustavus III ., 1771 . Gustavus IV ., 1792 . Charles XIII ., 1809 . Charles XIV ., ( Bernadotte ) , 1818 . Holland . William V. ( Stadtholder ) , 1757 . William , Prince of Orange , 1815 . Prussia . Frederic William III ., 1797 . Poland . Stanislaus II . 1764 . Naples and Sicily . Frederic IV . 1759 . Joseph Napoleon , 1806 . Joachim Napoleon , 1809 . King of Naples restored , 1815 . Etruria . Francis , 1730 . Leopold , 1765 . Ferdinand III ., 1790 . Louis I ., 1801 . Louis II . 1802 . Sardinia . Charles Emanuel III . 1730 . Victor Amadeus , 1773 . Emanuel V ., 1802 . GEORGE IV . ascended 29th Jan. 1820 , whom GOD preserve . Contemporaries at the commencement of his reign the same as at the death of his late majesty . JACOBUS . [ 4 ] Francis II . of Germany abdicated 1806 , and took the title of Emperor of Austria . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . MOUNT ARAFAT , AND THE PILGRIMAGE TO MEKKA . Every traditionary and topographical particular of this hallowed spot , and the picturesque ceremonies by which it is consecrated , must be acceptable to the Christian reader ; and this conviction has induced us to abridge the following from that portion of Burckhardt 's Travels which describes the Hadj , or pilgrimage to Mekka . At sunrise on the 9th of Zul Hadj , every pilgrim issued from his tent , to walk over the plains , and take a view of the busy crowds assembled there . Long streets of tents , fitted up as bazars , furnished all kinds of provisions . The Syrian and Egyptian cavalry were exercised by their chiefs early in the morning , while thousands of camels were seen feeding upon the dry shrubs of the plain all round the camp . I walked to Mount Arafat , to enjoy from its summit a more distinct view of the whole . This granite hill , which is also called Djebel er ’ Rahme , or the Mountain of Mercy , rises on the north-east side of the plain , close to the mountains which encompass it , but separated from them by a rocky valley ; it is about a mile , or a mile and a half in circuit ; its sides are sloping , and its summit is nearly two hundred feet above the level of the plain . On the eastern side broad stone steps lead up to the top , and a broad unpaved path , on the western , over rude masses of granite , with which its declivity is covered . After mounting about forty steps , we find a spot a little on the left , called Modaa Seydna Adam , or the place of prayer of our Lord Adam , where , it is related , that the father of mankind used to stand while praying ; for here it was , according to Mohammedan tradition , that the angel Gabriel first instructed Adam how to adore his Creator . A marble slab , bearing an inscription in modern characters , is fixed in the side of the mountain . On reaching about the sixtieth step , we come to a small paved platform to our right , on a level spot of the hill , where the preacher stands who admonishes the pilgrims on the afternoon of this day , as I shall hereafter mention . Thus high , the steps are so broad and easy that a horse or camel may ascend ; but higher up they become more steep and uneven . On the summit , the place is shown where Mohammed used to take his station during the Hadj ; a small chapel formerly stood over it ; but this was destroyed by the Wahabys : here the pilgrims usually pray two rikats , in salutation of Arafat . The steps and the summit are covered with handkerchiefs to receive their pious gifts , and each family of the Mekkawys or Bedouins of the tribe of Koreysh , in whose territory Arafat lies , has its particular spot assigned to it for this purpose . The summit commands a very extensive and singular prospect . I brought my compass to take a circle of bearings ; but the crowd was so great that I could not use it . Towards the western extremity of the plain are seen Bir Bazan and the Aalameyn ; somewhat nearer , southwards , the mosque called Djama Nimre , or Djama Seydna Ibrahim ; and on the south-east , a small house where the Sherif used to lodge during the pilgrimage . From thence an elevated rocky ground in the plain extends towards Arafat . On the eastern side of the mountain , and close to its foot , are the ruins of a small mosque , built on rocky ground , called Djama el Szakhrat , where Mohammed was accustomed to pray , and where the pilgrims make four prostrations in memory of the prophet . Several large reservoirs lined with stone are dispersed over the plain ; two or three are close to the foot of Arafat , and there are some near the house of the Sherifs : they are filled from the same fine aqueduct which supplies Mekka , and the head of which is about one hour and a half distant , in the eastern mountains . The canal is left open here for the convenience of pilgrims , and is conducted round the three sides of the mountains , passing by Modaa Seydna Adam . [ 5 ] From the summit of Arafat , I counted about three thousand tents dispersed over the plain , of which two-thirds belonged to the two Hadj caravans , and to the suite and soldiers of Mohammed Aly ; the rest to the Arabs of the Sherif , the Bedouin hadjys , and the people of Mekka and Djidda . These assembled multitudes were for the greater number , like myself , without tents . The two caravans were encamped without much order , each party of pilgrims or soldiers having pitched its tents in large circles or dowars , in the midst of which many of their camels were reposing . The plain contained , dispersed in different parts , from twenty to twenty-five thousand camels , twelve thousand of which belonged to the Syrian Hadj , and from five to six thousand to the Egyptian ; besides about three thousand , purchased by Mohammed Aly from the Bedouins in the Syrian Deserts , and brought to Mekka with the Hadj , to convey the pilgrims to this place , previously to being used for the transport of army-provisions to Tayf . The Syrian Hadj was encamped on the south and south-west side of the mountain ; the Egyptian on the south-east . Around the house of the Sherif , Yahya himself was encamped with his Bedouin troops , and in its neighbourhood were all the Hedjaz people . Here it was that the two Yemen caravans used formerly to take their station . Mohammed Aly , and Soleyman Pasha of Damascus , as well as several of their officers , had very handsome tents ; but the most magnificent of all was that of the wife of Mohammed Aly , the mother of Tousoun Pasha and Ibrahim Pasha , who had lately arrived from Cairo for the Hadj , with a truly royal equipage , five hundred camels being necessary to transport her baggage from Djidda to Mekka . Her tent was in fact an encampment consisting of a dozen tents of different sizes , inhabited by her women ; the whole enclosed by a wall of linen cloth , eight hundred paces in circuit , the single entrance to which was guarded by eunuchs in splendid dresses . Around this enclosure were pitched the tents of the men who formed her numerous suite . The beautiful embroidery on the exterior of this linen palace , with the various colours displayed in every part of it , constituted an object which reminded me of some descriptions in the Arabian Tales of the Thousand and One Nights . Among the rich equipages of the other hadjys , or of the Mekka people , none were so conspicuous as that belonging to the family of Djeylany , the merchant , whose tents , pitched in a semicircle , rivalled in beauty those of the two pashas , and far exceeded those of Sherif Yahya . In other parts of the East , a merchant would as soon think of buying a rope for his own neck , as of displaying his wealth in the presence of a pasha ; but Djeylany has not yet laid aside the customs which the Mekkawys learned under their old government , particularly that of Sherif Ghaleb , who seldom exercised extortion upon single individuals ; and they now rely on the promises of Mohammed Aly , that he will respect their property . During the whole morning , there were repeated discharges of the artillery which both pashas had brought with them . A few pilgrims had taken up their quarters on Djebel Arafat itself , where some small cavern , or impending block of granite , afforded them shelter from the sun . It is a belief generally entertained in the East , and strengthened by many boasting hadjys on their return home , that all the pilgrims , on this day , encamp upon Mount Arafat ; and that the mountain possesses the miraculous property of expansion , so as to admit an indefinite number of the faithful upon its summit . The law ordains that the wakfe , or position of the Hadj , should be on Djebel Arafat ; but it wisely provides against any impossibility , by declaring that the plain in the immediate neighbourhood of the mountain may be regarded as comprised under the term “ mountain , ” or Djebel Arafat . I estimated the number of persons assembled here at about seventy thousand . The camp was from three to four miles long , and between one and two in breadth . There is , perhaps , no spot on earth where , in so small a place , such a diversity of languages are heard ; I reckoned about forty , and I have no doubt that there were many more . It appeared to me as if I were here placed in a holy temple of travellers only ; and never did I at any time feel a more ardent wish to be able to penetrate once into the inmost recesses of the countries of many of those persons whom I now saw before me , fondly imagining that I might have no more difficulty in reaching their homes , than what they had experienced in their journey to this spot . The time of Aszer ( or about three o'clock , P. M .) approached , when that ceremony of the Hadj takes place , for which the whole assembly had come hither . The pilgrims now pressed forward towards the mountain of Arafat , and covered its sides from top to bottom . At the precise time of Aszer , the preacher took his stand upon the platform on the mountain , and began to address the multitude . This sermon , which lasts till sun-set , constitutes the holy ceremony of the Hadj called Khotbet el Wakfe ; and no pilgrim , although he may have visited all the holy places of Mekka , is entitled to the name of hadjy , unless he has been present on this occasion . As Aszer approached , therefore , all the tents were struck , every thing was packed up , the caravans began to load , and the pilgrims belonging to them mounted their camels , and crowded round the mountain , to be within sight of the preacher , which is sufficient , as the greater part of the multitude is necessarily too distant to hear him . The two pashas , with their whole cavalry drawn up in two squadrons behind them , took their post in the rear of the deep lines of camels of the hadjys , to which those of the people of the Hedjaz were also joined ; and here they waited in solemn and respectful silence the conclusion of the sermon . Further removed from the preacher , was the Sherif Yahya , with his small body of soldiers , distinguished by several green standards carried before him . The two Mahmals , or holy camels , which carry on their back the high structure that serves as the banner of their respective caravans , made way with difficulty through the ranks of camels that encircled the southern and eastern sides of the hill , opposite to the preacher , and took their station , surrounded by their guards , directly under the platform in front of him . [ 6 ] The preacher , or Khatyb , who is usually the Kadhy of Mekka , was mounted upon a finely caparisoned camel , which had been led up the steps ; it being traditionally said that Mohammed was always seated when he here addressed his followers , a practice in which he was imitated by all the Khalifes who came to the Hadj , and who from hence addressed their subjects in person . The Turkish gentleman of Constantinople , however , unused to camel-riding , could not keep his seat so well as the hardy Bedouin prophet ; and the camel becoming unruly , he was soon obliged to alight from it . He read his sermon from a book in Arabic , which he held in his hands . At intervals of every four or five minutes he paused , and stretched forth his arms to implore blessings from above ; while the assembled multitudes around and before him waved the skirts of their ihrams over their heads , and rent the air with shouts of “ Lebeyk , Allahuma Lebeyk , ” ( i. e . Here we are , at thy commands , O God !) During the wavings of the ihrams , the side of the mountain , thickly crowded as it was by the people in their white garments , had the appearance of a cataract of water ; while the green umbrellas , with which several thousand hadjys , sitting on their camels below , were provided , bore some resemblance to a verdant plain .— During his sermon , which lasted almost three hours , the Kadhy was seen constantly to wipe his eyes with a handkerchief ; for the law enjoins the Khatyb or preacher to be moved with feeling and compunction ; and adds that , whenever tears appear on his face , it is a sign that the Almighty enlightens him , and is ready to listen to his prayers . At length the sun began to descend behind the western mountains ; upon which the Kadhy , having shut his book , received a last greeting of “ Lebeyk ; ” and the crowds rushed down the mountain , in order to quit Arafat . It is thought meritorious to accelerate the pace on this occasion ; and many persons make it a complete race , called by the Arabs , Ad ’ dafa min Arafat . In former times , when the strength of the Syrian and Egyptian caravans happened to be nearly balanced , bloody affrays took place here almost every year between them , each party endeavouring to outrun and to carry its mahmal in advance of the other . The same happened when the mahmals approached the platform at the commencement of the sermon ; and two hundred lives have on some occasions been lost in supporting what was thought the honour of the respective caravans . At present the power of Mohammed Aly preponderates , and the Syrian hadjys display great humility . The united caravans and the whole mass of pilgrims now moved forward over the plain ; every tent had been previously packed up , to be ready for the occasion . The pilgrims pressed through the Aalameyn , which they must repass on their return ; and night came on before they reached the defile called El Mazoumeyn . Innumerable torches were now lighted , twenty-four being carried before each pasha ; and the sparks of fire from them flew far over the plain . There were continual discharges of artillery ; the soldiers fired their muskets ; the martial bands of both the pashas played ; sky-rockets were thrown as well by the pashas ’ officers , as by many private pilgrims ; while the Hadj passed at a quick pace in the greatest disorder , amidst a deafening clamour , through the pass of Mazoumeyn , leading towards Mezdelfe , where all alighted , after a two hours ’ march . No order was observed here in encamping ; and every one lay down on the spot that first presented itself , no tents being pitched except those of the pashas and their suites ; before which was an illumination of lamps in the form of high arches , which continued to blaze the whole night , while the firing of the artillery was kept up without intermission . [ 5 ] At the close of the sixteenth century , according to Kotobeddyn , the whole plain of Arafat was cultivated . [ 6 ] The Mahmal ( an exact representation of which is given by D'Ohsson ) is a high , hollow , wooden frame , in the form of a cone , with a pyramidal top , covered with a fine silk brocade adorned with ostrich feathers , and having a small book of prayers and charms placed in the midst of it , wrapped up in a piece of silk . ( My description is taken from the Egyptian Mahmal .) When on the road , it serves as a holy banner to the caravan ; and on the return of the Egyptian caravan , the book of prayers is exposed in the mosque El Hassaneyn , at Cairo , where men and women of the lower classes go to kiss it and obtain a blessing by rubbing their foreheads upon it . No copy of the Koran , nor any thing but the book of prayers , is placed in the Cairo Mahmal . I believe the custom to have arisen in the battle-banner of the Bedouins , called Merkeb and Otfe , which I have mentioned in my remarks on the Bedouins , and which resemble the Mahmal , inasmuch as they are high wooden frames placed upon camels . SOUTH AMERICAN MANNERS From the Memoirs of General Miller , Second Edition . In the Pampas , where a scarcity of food is unknown to the poorest , that calculating avarice which , in its fears for to-morrow , would look with apathy on the wants of the stranger , can have but a limited sway . Kind offices are , therefore more freely and disinterestedly conferred than in less abundant regions . In addition to this , the dearth of society in a thinly-sprinkled population renders the presence of a traveller on their isolated haciendas a source of gratification . If his appearance afford no ground for mistrust , and if his manners are not disagreeable , his being a stranger is a sufficient passport to a kind and hearty welcome . Whether he be rich or poor is not a subject of inquiry , and makes no difference in the reception . The South Americans are gay , and fond of dancing , music , and singing . There are few , whether wealthy or otherwise , who are not proficients in one or other of these accomplishments . In the warmer latitudes , people carry on not only their usual occupations , but their amusements , chiefly in the open air ; and as singing constitutes one of the principal sources of the latter , the continued exercise of the voice harmonizes and strengthens it . Perhaps no opera , in Europe , could afford , to a natural and unsophisticated ear , so rich a treat as that which may be enjoyed in Cuzco , Arequipa , and other cities , where the ancient Peruvian airs are sung in the rich and melodious tones of the natives . The South Americans possess great intellectual quickness , and a retentive memory . The following may be cited as an extraordinary instance of the latter faculty . An old man , a native of La Pax , in Upper Peru , and of unmixed Indian blood , who kept an inn at Curicavi , between Valparaiso and Santiago , could repeat nearly the whole of Robertson 's “ History of Charles the Fifth , ” and was better acquainted with the History of England than most Englishmen . He spoke of Queen Boadicea , and was as familiar with the history of the civil wars between the houses of York and Lancaster as if they had occurred in his country , and in his own times . He had been brought up by the Jesuits . He had made two voyages to Canton , and was known by the name of “ the emperor of China , ” in consequence frequently of amusing his guests with long stories about the celestial empire . The Peruvians have great natural talents for painting and sculpture . They generally produce striking likenesses , but being uninstructed in the principles of these arts , their pictures have no other merit . There is , however , a female figure , done in 1711 , by a native of Quito , which is considered as one of the finest paintings in a very good collection belonging to Mynheer Vandermarlin , of Brussels . ORATORIOS . The first oratorio performed in London , was at the Lincoln 's Inn Fields Theatre , in 1732 . On June 10 , in the same year , the serenata of Acis and Galatea was performed at the Italian Opera House , in English , by Italian performers , with scenery representing a rural prospect , with rocks , groves , fountains , and grottoes ; amongst which were disposed a chorus of nymphs and shepherds , with dresses and “ every other decoration suited to the subject . ” — Companion to the Theatres . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .