THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . 19 . No . 551 .] SATURDAY , JUNE 9 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2. d . MONKEY ISLAND . MONKEY ISLAND . This picturesque spot is situate in the middle of the river Thames , near Cliefden , Bucks , [ 1 ] and about three-quarters of a mile from the village of Bray . [ 2 ] It was purchased and decorated for the enjoyment of fishing parties by the third Duke of Marlborough . Upon its fine sward he erected a small rustic building called Monkey Hall , from the embellishments of the interior being in part fancifully painted with a number of monkeys dressed in human apparel , and imitating human actions . Some are represented diverting themselves with fishing , others with hunting , & c. One is drawn gravely sitting in a boat , smoking , while a female “ waterman ” is labouring at the oar , rowing him across a river . The ceiling and cornices are ornamented with aquatic plants and flowers . In another building , raised at the expense of the Duke , on this island , and named the Temple , is an elegant saloon , painted with green and gold , and enriched with figures in stucco-work superbly gilt , representing mermaids , sea-lions , fish , shells , and other objects . The place altogether might be called Marlborough 's Folly . [ 1 ] For a View and Description of Cliefden , see Mirror , vol . xv . p. 97 . [ 2 ] For a View of Bray Church , see Mirror , vol . xvii . p 209 . The perfection of the monkey embellishments would delight the admirers of Mr. Landseer 's famed Monkeyana . Monkey Island has had several owners since the Duke of Marlborough disposed of it : the lease of the place at £ 25l . a-year was , in 1787 , purchased for 240 guineas , by Henry Townley Ward , Esq . who bequeathed it to P. C . Bruce , Esq ., of Taplow . Its vicinity to “ Cliefden 's hanging woods ” and picturesque home scenery must render it a delightful retreat . Its establishment is stated to have cost the Duke of Marlborough ten thousand guineas . SONG , From the French of B é ranger . LE ROI D'YVETOT . ( For the Mirror .) There once was a King , as they say , Though history says naught about it , Who slept sound by night and by day , And for glory — who just did without it ; A night cap his diadem was , Which his maid used to air at the fire , And then put it on him , ( that 's poz :) Such was his Coronation attire . CHORUS . “ Lack-a-day , well-a-day ! ” then let us sing , And mourn for the loss of this good little King . In a cottage his banquets were given , He lived upon four meals a-day , sir , On which diet he seems to have thriven : And an ass was his charger they say , sir , A dog was his life-guard , we 're told , And many a peregrination Thus attended , he must have been bold , He made step and step through the nation . CHORUS . “ Lack-a-day , well-a-day ! ” then let us sing , And mourn for the loss of this good little King . His taste , for a monarch , was queer , But his motto was “ live and let live , sir , ” He was thirsty , and fond of good beer , Which his subjects were happy to give , sir ; He levied his taxes himself , A quart or a pint for his dinner , No exciseman went snacks in the pelf , No clerks had this jolly old sinner . CHORUS . “ Lack-a-day , well-a-day ! ” then let us sing , And mourn for the loss of this good little King . Except just by way of a lark , His militia he never would call out , He then made them shoot at a mark Till they had shot all their powder and ball out . CHORUS . “ Lack-a-day , well-a-day ! ” then let us sing , And mourn for the loss of this good little King . To his neighbours he always was kind , He never extended his boundaries , For disputes and contentions , I find , He never saw any just ground arise : Pleasure 's code being his statute law He ne'er caused a tear to be shed , sir , Though I swear not a dry eye I saw , When his subjects first heard he was dead , sir . CHORUS . “ Lack-a-day , well-a-day ! ” well might they sing , When they mourned the sad loss of their good little King . His portrait you must have observed , In remarkably good preservation , For his eminent virtues deserved You 'll allow , a conspicuous station : “ The King 's Head ” still continues his name , Where full often the people on holidays As they tipple , still talk of his name , In lamenting the end of his jolly days . CHORUS . “ Lack a-day , well-a-day ! ” thus do they sing . And mourn for the loss of their good little King . H . TO A LADY WHO SAID SHE WAS THE SAME AGE AS HIMSELF . FROM THE FRENCH OF BERANGER . ( For the Mirror .) Our ages are the same , you say , But know that love believes it not ; The Fates , a wager I would lay , Our tangled threads shared out by lot ; What part to each they did assign The world , fair dame , can plainly see ; The Spring and Summer days were thine , Autumn and Winter came to me . H . ENGLISH BALLAD SINGING . ( For the Mirror .) The minstrels were once a great and flourishing body in England ; but their dignity being interwoven with the illusory splendour of feudal institutions , declined on the advance of moral cultivation : they became in time vulgar mountebanks and jugglers , and in the reign of Elizabeth were suppressed as rogues and vagabonds . Banished from the highways they betook themselves to alehouses — followed the trade of pipers and fiddlers — and minstrelsy was no longer known in England . The suppression of “ the order ” of minstrels , gave rise to that of the Ballad-singers , who relied upon the quality of their voices for success . The subjects of many of the songs handed down by the minstrels were still held in honour by the ballad-singers . The feats of “ Elym of the Clough , ” “ Randle of Chester , ” and “ Sir Topaz , ” which had faded under the kind keeping of the minstrels , were now refreshed and brought more boldly in the new version before the sense . Robin Hood and Friar Tuck had their honours enlarged by the new dynasty ; more maidens and heroes were inspired by their misfortunes . Drayton 's allusions to the propagation of Robin 's fame may give an idea of the diffusion of the ballad-singers : “ In this our spacious isle I think there is not one , But he hath heard some talk of him and Little John ; But to the end of time the tales shall ne'er be done , Of Scarlock , George-a-Green and Much the Miller 's son . ” The new race started in the field with the full tide of popularity ; they had the glory of being opposed to and triumphing over the votaries of the muses . The poets of the first class confessed their uneasiness at the success of the innovators . Of this fact we have abundant instances in Spencer 's “ Tears of the Muses , ” and the mighty Shakspeare would bring the calling into contempt . The ballad-singers did not enjoy empty popularity , as may be understood from the number of candidates who yearly sought refuge in their camp . One of the most popular singers of this early time was a boy , distinguished from the nature of his voice “ Outroaring Dick , ” as honestly bestowed as any hero of “ jaw-breaking ” memory in Greek or Latin history . His earnings , according to Mr. Warton , averaged ten shillings a day ; he was a well-known character in Essex , and was not missed for many a day from Braintree fair ; and in the decline of life spent his days like an amateur . But Cheetre , for such was his real name , was haunted amidst his glory by a rival . Will Wimbars had a voice of as much flexibility as Dick . Dick was the most popular , for he sang every thing he could , but Will had a select list he never departed from . The former was sought as a companion ; the latter pleased best in the public exercise of his talents . The most universally esteemed singer of his age was Mat . Nash , who had a vehement style ; his “ Hunts-up , ” a song which obtained him “ much favor , ” was one of his most celebrated efforts . However , it happened that the great Secretary Cecil was so captivated with his singing , that he soon enabled him to retire from his profession . The accident that led to this fortunate reconnoitre is not impertinent to our subject : in a time of dearth , which was severely felt in the city , the famous ballad-maker Delone composed a song reflecting on her Majesty . The ballad-maker and singer were both committed to the compter , but the poet defied government even while in the lion 's den . In a letter to the Lord Mayor , he avowed the ballad , and justified it . Nash , in the meantime , in an interview with the Secretary , established his innocence , and laid the foundation of his future prosperity . The Gipsies furnished a number of singers about this time . The laws and prejudices of society concurred in denouncing this race ; but , nevertheless , the best received ballad-singers of their time were of this bronzed tribe . In the reigns of James the First and his successor , the taste of the people for nature and simplicity kept up the profession of ballad-singing . We are to look upon ballad-singers from this time as a corporation . Custom had established yearly festivals for them in the classic regions of St. Giles 's , which were frequented by the wits of the day — Swift , Gay , Bolingbroke , Steele , & c. From these high followers of the muses , yearly contingents of ballads were expected . Swift contracted for the humourous songs : Gay who had , as Goldsmith says , “ a happy strain of ballad-thinking , ” was set down for the pathetic ones ; and those of a miscellaneous character were divided amongst a number of amateur bards . No importunities , even of his friends , could induce Pope to attend any of these assemblies . He was prevailed on to write an epitaph for a young creature whom he had seen , and who was known by the name of Clarinda : favoured by the great , if she had not been attached to the life of a ballad-singer , she might , with her accomplishments , have risen to distinction and fortune . Gay and Swift had naturally a relish for low society , and were hailed by the fraternity as the most precious sources of profit . Amongst other songs which Swift sent into the world through the medium of ballad-singers , was a severe satire upon the Duke of Marlborough , beginning “ Our Johnny is come from the wars : ” it drew much attention , and excited the strongest resentment against the author in the breast of the Duchess , who remained implacable until the publication of Gulliver , when she offered her friendship to Swift , through his friend Gay . There was a young creature among the ballad-singers known to the world by no other title than Clara , who drew much attention at this time by the sweetness and pathos of her tones . She was the original singer of “ Black-eyed Susan , ” and one or two songs which were afterwards introduced into the “ Beggar 's Opera ; ” but her recommendation to particular notice was the circumstance of her being for many years the object of Bolingbroke 's enthusiastic affection . The poor girl strayed for some time , during which his Lordship had not seen her : it was after this interval , that , meeting her , he addressed to her the tender lines , beginning , “ Dear , thoughtless Clara , to my verse attend , Believe for once the lover and the friend , ” And concluding thus : “ To virtue thus , and to thyself restored , By all admired , by one alone adored : Be to thy Harry ever kind and true , And live for him who more than died for you . ” A series of calamities totally ruined her vocal powers , and she afterwards subsisted by the sale of oranges at the Court of Requests . The profession did not continue to maintain its rank . The disappointed author in “ Roderick Random , ” who set about writing for ballad-singers , was introduced into one of their assemblies , and his testimony establishes their degeneracy . In fact , the history of ballad-singing , during the remainder of last century , affords but an unsatisfactory subject of reflection to lovers of song ; whether they have regenerated in the present age , we leave the reader to judge . E. J. H . LOVE AT COURT AND LOVE IN THE COUNTRY . Loving ‘ mongst the aristocracy Is reckon 'd positive hypocrisy ; The noble votaries of fashion Are ignorant of the tender passion . A shepherd , if his nymph doth alter , Killeth woe by means of halter : But in high life , if ladies prove Indifferent to an ardent love , What does the enamour 'd title do , But set about and alter too . Translated from the French of Madame Deshoulieres . NOTES OF A READER . CORRUPT STATE OF THE WESTERN CHURCH IN THE ELEVENTH CENTURY . From the following facts an inference may be drawn of the tendency of the Western church to a system of externals , applying itself solely to continual discipline and fasting , instead of the improvement of the heart . For the perusal of the sacred writings and spiritual lessons of the ancient fathers of the church , was substituted that of legends and decretals , and the Book of Canons , by which the whole Western church was governed . Images and relics of the saints acquired an excessive adoration ; and continual discoveries were being made of the bodies of miracle-working saints . Impostors were to be found , appearing every day under new names and with fresh miracles , imposing on the credulity of the public , and amassing wealth by defrauding the pious multitude . Some of these impostors , too insolent in their practices , were discovered and punished , whilst others derived from them their whole fortune and subsistence . It went to such a pass , that an arm of St. Augustine was found and sold to William , Duke of Aquitaine , for 100 talents . The head of St. John the Baptist was dug up , and attracted an immense multitude of spectators , amongst whom was Robert , King of France . [ 3 ] [ 3 ] “ One head of St. John the Baptist ( for there are many , and John was at last [ Greek : ekaton ta kephalas ] ,) was found at the monastery of St. John of Angeli , at Saintange . ” — Jortin 's Remarks on Eccles . Hist . ann . 1010 . The principal supporters of this religious mania were the Crusaders ; that is to say , those persons who went on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem . These persons , on their return to their own country , finding all their substance exhausted , exerted their utmost cunning to regain it ; pretending that they had found some relics of the ancient martyrs or apostles , or some object relative to the life or death of our Saviour . By these means an immense number of persons , excited by religious curiosity , repaired to the places where these objects were exposed , and the churches and the provinces of which became enriched by them . With the same motive , in the year 1008 , a portion of the rod of Moses was discovered in France , which attracted a vast number of visiters , both from that country and Italy . In 1014 , some monks , on their return from a pilgrimage to Jerusalem , brought with them a part of the napkin with which our Saviour wiped the feet of the apostles at the Last Supper ; and , in order to prove its authenticity , they passed it uninjured through the flames . This kind of miracles , which were in such favour with the ignorant multitude in those days , produces no effect , since chemical science has enabled us to penetrate into the hidden secrets of nature ; and if history is diligently examined , we shall perceive that the human mind was occupied in the discovery of that science at this period . The alchemists perhaps , although persecuted as the followers of the devil , were not altogether extinct , and still read some books which laid open the discoveries of the ancient Greeks and Romans . The commercial cities of Italy , in communication with the East , acquired extraordinary knowledge , of which they availed themselves disadvantageously to the morality and piety of the Christian church . About this time , too ( the year 1000 ) , the epoch at which , according to prediction , the world was to be at an end , men began to make fresh researches , and to build new churches , to repair the old ones , and to invent novelties . The prophecy of Daniel , which says , “ Tempus , tempora , dimidium temporis , ” proving by experience to be inapplicable to the interpretation which the monks and ecclesiastics had generally given it , produced a new energy in the human mind : and if at first , the wealth of the churches were aggrandized by profuse largesses , we shall hereafter see them struggling to preserve it . A disposition also to study was now induced : and a certain Guido , a monk of Pomposa , being called to Rome as a music-master , whilst very young , invented the scale or gamut of C notes , which was then esteemed miraculous . [ 4 ] Happily for him the matter took this turn ; for otherwise he would have suffered death . The religious superstition was so strong , that any unusual effects of human nature were attributed to diabolical operations ; and , in such instances , the reputed authors were either beheaded or burnt . Such was the fate of an unhappy wretch who had discovered the secret of making glass malleable . This sublime genius made a goblet of this glass ; and , being conducted into the presence of Henry , in 1022 , he threw it on the ground , when , instead of breaking , it bent , and suddenly resumed its original shape . The ignorant emperor , believing him to be possessed with the devil , ordered him to be beheaded .— Life of Gregory VII . By Sir Roger Greisley , Bart . [ 4 ] Erycius Puteanus ( Vander Putten ,) added the seventh note to complete the octave , in the sixteenth century . ODD DISPUTE . During the coronation of Conrad II ., Emperor of Germany , in 1204 , a dispute arose between a Roman and a German for a vile ox 's hide . It began with blows , proceeded with stones , and ended by an appeal to arms ; and , after a stout resistance on the part of the Roman people against the German army , the former were obliged to fly , and were almost totally massacred . The remainder , although humbled , and in a wretched condition , were constrained the next day to pass barefooted before the emperor ,— the freemen with their swords unsheathed , the slaves with a knot round their necks ,— declaring themselves ready to obey him , and asking pardon . What a beautiful contrast between the guardians and defenders of the Roman people in their frocks and mitres , with these brave men in their helmets and togas ! Such was the triumph over a nation overcome more by its prejudices than by force , and under such solemn circumstances . Ibid . AN INDIAN TALE , AND OTHER POEMS . This is a pleasant little volume by our indefatigable correspondent , Benjamin Gough . The tale is founded on an Indian story , by the author of the Kuzzilbash , which appeared in the fifth number of the Metropolitan Magazine ; and to it are appended several minor pieces . The main poem will be read with interest . There are in it touches of fine feeling , which would not discredit hands of much higher pretensions . Take this specimen : There is a time when naught on earth Can re-awake the chords of mirth , When joy with all its cherub wiles Is powerless in creating smiles ; The sun of happiness is set , And naught remains but deep regret , And inward pangs and throbs severe , And disappointment 's bitter tear ! The magic charm that swayed the sense With strong resistless influence Is broken , and its votary left , Of the soul 's talisman bereft ! In vain the tones of music steal Upon the ear in soft appeal , Or friendship with its soothing voice Bids the hushed tongue again rejoice , So overwhelming is the grief — Death only brings a late relief ! And one of the minor pieces : A RHAPSODY ON NATURE . Where 's the mastery of mind , Trammelless and unconfined , Probing Nature 's boundless scheme , Gauging the stupendous theme ? She , that paints horizons bright , Belting heaven and earth with light ! Beams upon cherubic gaze — Kindles the volcanic blaze ! Makes Euroclydon her zone — Sits upon her thunder throne ! Who her eulogy shall dare , Whose brow is wreathed with lightning glare ? She , who treads the surgy sea In her stayless majesty , Curbs each wild ( erratic ) wave . When Atlantic tempests rave ! Speaks — the maddened storms increase — Speaks again — and all is peace . ‘ Tis her breath 's propitious gale Swells the weather-beaten sail , Wafts the crew from Britain o'er , Unto India 's spicy shore . ‘ Tis her bounty fills the earth With the joys of wine and mirth , Scatters through her broad domain All the blessings of her reign ; Seasons roll at her command , Plenty droppeth from her hand ; Earth and sea and spangled sky Own her glorious sovereignty , Walking with a stride immense , In her tall magnificence , Mountain heights , where wonders crowd , Pinnacled in solemn cloud . Andes , or the snowy scalps Of the giant towering Alps ! Hills prolific , valley deeps , Where the muse of silence sleeps ; Frowning cliff , and beetling rock , Shivered by the deluge shock , When the world was drowned — and now Tottering before Ruin 's plough . Forests green , and rivers wide — Every flow and ebb of tide . Rivulets , whose crystal veins Ripple along flowery plains , Leaping torrents rushing hoarse , Mimicking the ocean 's force , Leafage in its summer pride — Flowers to Paradise allied . Fruit inviting , luscious , such As seems to paralyze the touch , As ambrosial nectar sweet , Ripe and fit for Gods to eat . Nature 's power is seen in all — Winter 's Crown , or Spring-birds ’ call — Summer 's eloquent perfume , Autumn 's yellow-tinted bloom — Every chiselled sand grain tells Nature 's might ; the petal cells , Whence the bee her honey draws , Glorify Creation 's laws ; Things minute , or vast expanse That tires the astronomic glance . Ocean swathed with azure blue , Or the gems of morning dew . Past — with all its mighty deeds , Nature claims its choicest meeds ; Present — with portentous calm , Nature claims its chiefest palm ; Future — ah ! she trembles there , Nature quivers in despair . When the master of the scene , From the cloud-work of serene Asks her long deputed power — Takes her sceptre — bids her cower — Strips her of her ancient robe , She , who once bestrode the globe — Flings around his flaming path Crescents of destructive wrath ; Tramples earth , and rolls in fire Forth the thunders of his ire . Nature sinks , no more to rise While JEHOVAH fills the skies With his glory high , sublime — Death is dead , and perished time ! What a scene ! when naught shall be But Chaos and Eternity ! We are happy to find in Mr. Gough 's List of Subscribers to his work , a host of royal and noble patrons , the ministers of the country , the Earl of Eldon , the Lord and Lady Mayoress , and a few of the Court of Aldermen — patronage , court and city — combining to encourage Mr. Gough 's praiseworthy efforts . CAPTAIN MUNDY 'S VISIT TO THE TOMB OF NAPOLEON , AT ST. HELENA . Having passed two hours on the spot where Napoleon lived and died , we rode onwards to the vale which contains his bones : it is about half a mile from Longwood , and within a few hundred yards of the cottage of Madame Bertrand , to whom he indicated the spot in which he desired to rest , should the English not allow his remains to lie on the banks of the Seine . Soon after leaving Bertrand 's house , we caught sight of the tomb , at the bottom of the ravine called Slane 's valley , and , descending a zig-zag path , we quickly reached the spot . About half an acre round the grave is railed in . At the gate we were received by an old corporal of the St. Helena corps , who has the care of the place . The tomb itself consists of a square stone , about ten feet by seven , surrounded with a plain iron-railing . Four or five weeping-willows , their stems leaning towards the grave , hang their pensile branches over it . Who could contemplate without interest the little spot of earth which covers all that remains of mortal of the man who made Europe tremble ! who carried his victorious arms from the Nile to the Elbe , from Moscow to the Pillars of Hercules ; who bore his eagles triumphantly through Vienna , Rome , Berlin , Madrid ! Beneath our feet lay he , who “ du monde entre ses mains a vu les destin é es ” — “ The desolator desolate , the victor overthrown ! ” “ They that see thee , ” saith the inspired prophet , “ they that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee , and consider thee , saying , Is this the man that made the earth to tremble , and did shake kingdoms ; that made the world as a wilderness , and destroyed the cities thereof ; that opened not the house of his prisoners ? All the kings of the nations , even all of them , lie in glory every one in his own house . Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial , because thou hast destroyed thy land , and slain thy people ; the seed of evil-doers shall never be renowned . "[ 5 ] [ 5 ] Isaiah , xiv . 16 , 17 , 18 , 20 . The willows are decaying fast , and one of them rests upon the sharp spears of the railing , which are buried in its trunk — as though it were comitting suicide for very grief ! The foliage of the rest is thinned and disfigured by the frequent and almost excusable depredations of visiters . Fresh cuttings have however , been planted by the Governor , who intends , moreover , to set cypresses round the outer fence . Madame Bertrand 's immortelles have proved , alas ! mortal . The fine , tall , old corporal , who came out from England with the ex-emperor , was full of his praises : “ I saw the General often , ” said the old fellow ; “ he had an eye in his head like an eagle ! ” He described the visit of the French pilgrims to this spot — their Kibla — as most affecting . Some are extravagant beyond measure in their grief , falling on their faces round the railing ( which they never enter , as foreigners do ) , praying , weeping , and even tearing their hair . Whilst we were there , my friend of yesterday came towards the spot ; but when he saw our large , and , I fear me , rather unimpressed party , he turned upwards , and disappeared . After inscribing our names in a book — into which also appropriate poetry , as well as ribald nonsense finds its way — we drank to Napoleon 's immortal memory in his own favourite spring , and mounting our steeds spurred towards Plantation House . On the road , we passed within view of “ the Briars , ” where the chief resided during the building of Longwood ; and where he , “ Whose game was kingdoms , and whose stakes were thrones ! His table earth , his dice were human bones ! ” played at whist with the owner , Mr. Balcombe , for sugar-plums ! ANECDOTE GALLERY . OUR ANECDOTAGE . ( From the New Monthly Magazine .) Daniel De Foe said there was only this difference between the fates of Charles the First , and his son James the Second ; that the former 's was a wet martyrdom and the other 's a dry one . When Sir Richard Steele was made a Member of the Commons it was expected from his ingenious writings that he would have been an admirable orator , but it not proving so , De Foe said “ He had better have continued the Spectator than the Tatler . ” The local designation of the following anecdote confirms its authenticity , which however required no other indication than the characteristic humour of Addison in his odd conception of old Montaigne . When Mr. Addison lodged in Kensington Square , he read over some of “ Montaigne 's Essays , ” and finding little or no information in the chapters of what their titles promised , he closed the book more confused than satisfied . “ What think you of this famous French author ? ” said a gentleman present . “ Think ! ” said he , smiling . “ Why that a pair of manacles , or a stone doublet would probably have been of some service to that author 's infirmity . ” “ Would you imprison a man for singularity in writing ? ” “ Why let me tell you , ” replied Addison , “ if he had been a horse he would have been pounded for straying , and why he ought to be more favoured because he is a man , I cannot understand . ” A medical confession , frankly delivered by that eminent physician and wit , Sir Samuel Garth , has been fortunately preserved ; perhaps the truth it reveals is as conspicuous as its humour . Dr. Garth ( so he is called in the manuscript ) who was one of the Kit-Kat Club , coming there one night , declared he must soon begone , having many patients to attend ; but some good wine being produced he forgot them . When Sir Richard Steele reminded him of his appointments , Garth immediately pulled out his list , which amounted to fifteen — and said , “ It 's no great matter whether I see them to-night or not , for nine of them have such bad constitutions , that all the physicians in the world can n't save them , and the other six have so good constitutions that all the physicians in the world can n't kill them . ” Sir Godfrey Kneller latterly painted more for profit than for praise , and is said to have used some whimsical preparations in his colours which made them work fair and smoothly off , but not endure . A friend noticing it to him said , “ What do you think posterity will say , Sir Godfrey Kneller , when they see these pictures some years hence ? ” “ Say ! ” replied the artist : “ Why they 'll say Sir Godfrey Kneller never painted them ! ” An extraordinary prosecution for a singular libel occurred under the administration of the Duke of Buckingham . Some fiddlers at Staines were indicted for singing scandalous songs of the Duke . The songs also did not fail to libel both James and Charles . The Bench were puzzled how to proceed . The offensive passages they would not permit to be openly read in court , lest the scandals should spread . It was a difficult point to turn . They were anxious that the people should see that they did not condemn these songs without due examination . They hit upon this expedient . Copies of the songs were furnished to every Lord and Judge present ; and the Attorney-General in his charge , when touching on the offending passages , did not , as usual , read them out , but noticed them by only repeating the first and the final lines , and when he had closed they were handed to the fiddlers at the bar , interrogating them whether these were not the songs which they had sung of the Duke ? To this they confessed , and were condemned in a heavy fine of 500l . and to be pilloried and whipped . This novel and covert mode of trial excited great discontent among the friends of civil freedom . It was asserted , that all trials should be open , and that a court of justice was always a public place , where the judges publicly delivered the reasons and the grounds of their judgment . The mode now resorted to , was turning a court of judgment into a private chamber , and excluding the hearers from understanding the reasons of every judge 's opinion , and the court themselves from hearing each other 's . It was farther alleged , that in the present case , the Lords could not be sure that the copies showed to the prisoners were the same as that which each had before him , or that every Lord had looked into the same paper which was showed to the fiddlers , so that they might be condemned for that in which they stood not implicated .— I suppose this singular case of the Fiddlers of Staines , to be unique , and never to have been perpetuated in any of our law books . CHAPEL OF ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST , AT HAMPTON WICK . CHAPEL OF ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST , AT HAMPTON WICK . Hampton Wick is a cheerful little village in Middlesex , at the foot of Kingston Bridge . This Chapel occupies a prominent position on a road lately formed through the village , having its western front towards Bushy Park and the road leading to Hampton Court . The character of the building is the modern Gothic , forming an agreeable elevation , without any display of ornament . The building is faced with Suffolk brick and Bath stone . The interior dimensions are sixty-five feet by forty-three feet , with galleries on three sides , and a handsome recessed window over the altar-piece at the east end . The principal timbers of the roof are formed into Gothic perforated compartments , which give an addition of height to the Chapel , and an airy , decorative ceiling , at a small expense . The Chapel is calculated to contain eight hundred sittings , of which four hundred are free and unappropriated ; and great benefit is anticipated from its erection in this populous neighbourhood , the parish church being at the distance of two miles and a half from the hamlet . The architect was Mr. Lapidge , who built Kingston Bridge , in the immediate vicinity . Mr. Lapidge generously gave the site , and inclosed one side of the ground at his own expense . The building was defrayed by a parliamentary grant from His Majesty 's Church Commissioners , on an understanding with the parishioners , that the Church at Hampton should , at the same time , be enlarged by the parish . The cost of the Chapel and the inclosure of the site was about £ 4 , 500 . The first stone was laid on the 7th of October , 1829 , and the building was finished previous to the 8th of November , 1830 . The Hamlet of Hampton Wick has been since made a District for Ecclesiastical purposes , whereby the Chapel has become the Church of that District . THE TOPOGRAPHER . TUNBRIDGE WELLS . In our last volume we noticed the announcement of a volume of Descriptive Sketches of Tunbridge Wells , by Mr. Britton : and here it is , with prints and plans , and a deep roseate binding — one of the most elegant volumes of the season , and yet purchasable for a crown . We did not expect a dull , unsatisfactory guidebook — a mere finger-post folio — nor has the author produced such a commonplace volume . Hence these “ Sketches ” have much of the neatness and polish , the patient investigation and research of an author who has delighted in attachment to his subject . The work contains a few of the scenes and objects of the road from London to the Wells in outline ; a panoramic sketch of the Wells ; the olden characteristics ; and the modern improvements , including the Calverley Park estate ; the natural history of the district , including the air , water , and diseases for which the water is recommended by Dr. Yeats ; and the geological features of the country , from the able pen of Mr. Gideon Mantell , of Lewes ; lastly , brief notice of seats , scenes , and antiquities in the environs of the Wells . Of Tunbridge Wells , as an olden and modern resort , we have very recently spoken , [ 6 ] and we are happy to perceive that the association of the place with the literary characters of the last century , as pleasantly recorded by Samuel Richardson , has been turned to interesting account in the pages before us . Cumberland , the dramatist , we omitted to mention , not only resided for some years , but wrote many of his works , at Tunbridge Wells : and here he recognised the sterling talent of Dowton , the comedian , who , through Cumberland , was first introduced to the London stage . “ One of the houses at Mount Ephraim , ( at the Wells ,) adjoining the Tunbridge Ware manufactory , formerly belonged to the infamous judge Jeffries ; ” and an adjoining house was built by Sir Edmund King , physician to Charles II ., and his frequent residence here probably attracted the court . The antiquities of the environs are very attractive . On a lofty knoll are the remains of an ancient encampment , called Saxon-bury Castle , from its name , ascribed to the Saxons ; a neighbouring spot bears the name of Dane 's Gate , and is supposed to be part of an old trackway or military road . “ On Edridge Green continued , for many years , a curious mortar or large gun , said to have been the first made in England . The tradition is that it was cast at Buxted furnace about twelve miles north of Lewes . It is preserved in the British Museum ; and some account of it , with a print , is given in the Archaeologia , vol . x. p. 472 . ” Next is the estate of Edridge , among the lords of which were Godwin , Earl of Kent and the Earl of Montaigne and Cornwall : Mayfield , was possessed by the see of Canterbury before the Norman conquest , and at its palace Sir Thomas Gresham lived in sumptuous style , and probably entertained Queen Elizabeth in one of her progresses ; among the curiosities here the anvil , hammer , and tongs , which are traditionally said to have belonged to the noted St. Dunstan , “ and , who is also said to have used the last instrument most ungallantly , and even brutishly , in twinging the nose of Old Nick , who tempted the immaculate prelate in the form of a fine lady ; ” Bayham , or Bageham Abbey , about 6 miles south-east of the Wells , was a monastery of great extent in 1200 , but is now so dilapidated and overgrown as scarcely to enable the antiquary to trace its architectural features : here too is an immense pollard ash-tree , which Gough describes , in his additions to Camden 's Britannia , as being “ several yards in girth , as old , if not older , than the abbey , and supposed to be the largest extant . ” Mr. Britton likewise noticed here a curious instance of ivy , which has not only covered nearly the whole surface of the ( abbey ) building , but has insinuated its treacherous branches into the joints and crevices of the masonry . “ The wood , ” says our observant author , “ has grown to a great size , and displaced columns , mouldings , mullions , & c. and thus overturned and destroyed the very objects it was intended to adorn . ” What a picture is this of the wild luxuriance of nature devastating the trim and chiselled glories of art ! Next is Scotney Castle , the ancient part of which is said to have been a fortress in the reign of Richard II . ; the moat still remains . The author hints that the tour may be advantageously extended to Bodiam Castle ; Winchelsea , near which is Camber , one of the fortresses built by Henry VIII . to guard the south coast ; Battle Abbey , founded by William the Norman , and calling up in review the battle of Hastings , and the Bayeaux tapestry ; the Roman fort of Pevensey ; and Hurstmonceaux Castle built by Roger Fiennes , treasurer to King Henry VI . Returning to the Wells , and in the more immediate vicinity , are Somer Hill , whose chase , manor , and appurtenances were conveyed by Queen Elizabeth to her favourite Dudley , Earl of Leicester , and subsequently to the widow of the magnanimous but ill-fated Earl of Essex ; also , Great Bounds , of the age of Elizabeth , and conveyed to her relative Henry Cary , Lord Hunsden . Come we then to Tunbridge Castle , built by De Tonbridge , a kinsman of the Conqueror , who came with the invaders to share the spoil of their victory : “ here , it is said , he congregated his retainers and vassals . These were all called into active service soon after the death of William I ., ” for De Tonbridge , ( or Earl Clare , as he had been created ,) espoused the cause of Robert Curtoise , in opposition to William Rufus , who had seized the crown . The castle is described by Mr. Britton with interesting and not dry-as-dust minuteness , although only some dilapidated and almost undefinable fragments remain . Tunbridge Priory and the Free Grammar School are next mentioned , the latter in connexion with Dr. Vicesimus Knox , who was master of the school for some years . [ 6 ] See Mirror , vol . xiv . p. 66 , and vol . xviii . p. 225 . Let us hope that the frequenters of the Wells will not , in their grave moments , forget the olden glory of Penshurst , about six miles N. W . of the gay resort ,— Penshurst , as Mr. Britton terms it , “ the memorable , the once splendid , but now sadly dilapidated mansion of the Sydneys , ” or as Charlotte Smith sung with touching simplicity , in 1788 : Upon this spot , Ye towers sublime , deserted now and drear , Ye woods deep sighing to the hollow blast ! The musing wand'rer loves to linger near , While History points to all your glories past . Yet , how can we enumerate the ancient fame of Penshurst in this brief memoir ; from Sir John de Poulteney , who first embattled the mansion in the reign of Edward II :, to Sir John Shelley Sydney , the present proprietor of the estate ; or how can we here describe the mansion , wherein that pains-taking investigator , Mr. Carter , in 1805 , recognised the architectural characteristics of the reigns of Henry II ., Richard III ., Henry VIII ., Elizabeth , James I. and George I. and III . But we must observe , “ it is presumed , that whilst residing here , Henry VIII . became acquainted with Anne Boleyn , then living with her father at Hever Castle , in this neighbourhood . ” Among the more glorious events of the place , is the birth of the amiable Sir Philip Sydney here , Nov. 29 , 1554 , as Spencer dignified him , “ the president of nobleness and chivalrie ; ” the celebrated Algernon ; and his daughter , the Saccharissa of Waller . In this romantic retreat , Sydney probably framed his Arcadia ; here he may have sung O sweet woods , the delight of solitariness ! O how much do I like your solitariness . Enough of the baronial hall at Penshurst has been spared to show the lantern for ventilation in the roof , “ the original fire-hearth beneath it , with a large and-iron for sustaining the blazing log ; ” though of the place generally , Mr. Britton observes , “ A house that has been so long deserted by its masters must exhibit various evidences of ruin and decay . Not only walls , roofs , and timbers , but the interior furniture and ornaments are assailed by moth , rust , and other destructive operations . ” Alas ! the fittest scene of Burke 's lament for chivalry would have been the hall of Penshurst . Yet , a Sir Philip Sydney exists , and has lately been honoured with some distinction , as Churchill would say , “ flowing from the crown . ” In the park at Penshurst , is , however , one of Nature 's memorials of one of her proudest sons — “ a fine old oak tree , said to have been planted at Sir Philip Sydney 's birth : ” and in Penshurst churchyard , on the south side of the mansion , several of the Sydneys lie sleeping . Requiescant in pace . Hever Castle , built in the reign of Edward III ., already mentioned as the residence of the Boleyns , is about four miles north-west of Penshurst . We have left ourselves but space to mention in the vicinity of the Wells , Buckhurst and Knole , magnificent seats of the Sackvilles , Earls of Dorset , whose splendid details have already filled volumes . Lastly , we promise the Wells visiter some gratification , by extending his tour to Brambletye House , memorialized in Horace Smith 's entertaining novel . These few traits may serve to show the picturesqueness of the environs of the Wells , and consequently of Mr. Britton 's volume ; and we leave the reader with their grateful impression on his memory . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . TO CAROLINE , VISCOUNTESS VALLETORT . WRITTEN AT LACOCK ABBEY , JANUARY , 1832 . By Thomas Moore , Esq . When I would sing thy beauty 's light , Such various forms , and all so bright , I 've seen thee , from thy childhood , wear , I know not which to call most fair , Nor ‘ mong the countless charms that spring For ever round thee , which to sing . When I would paint thee , as thou art , Then all thou wert comes o'er my heart ,— The graceful child , in beauty 's dawn , Within the nursery 's shade withdrawn , Or peeping out ,— like a young moon Upon a world ‘ twill brighten soon . Then next , in girlhood 's blushing hour , As from thy own loved Abbey-tower I 've seen thee look , all radiant , down , With smiles that to the hoary frown Of centuries round thee lent a ray , Chacing ev'n Age 's gloom away ;— Or , in the world 's resplendent throng , As I have mark 'd thee glide along , Among the crowds of fair and great A spirit , pure and separate , To which even Admiration 's eye Was fearful to approach too nigh ;— A creature , circled by a spell Within which nothing wrong could dwell , And fresh and clear as from the source , Holding through life her limpid course , Like Arethusa through the sea , Stealing in fountain purity . Now , too , another change of light ! As noble bride , still meekly bright , Thou bring'st thy Lord a dower above All earthly price , pure woman 's love ; And show'st what lustre Rank receives , When with his proud Corinthian leaves Her rose , too , high-bred Beauty weaves . Wonder not if , where all 's so fair , To choose were more than bard can dare ; Wonder not if , while every scene I 've watch 'd thee through so bright hath been , Th ’ enamour 'd Muse should , in her quest Of beauty , know not where to rest , But , dazzled , at thy feet thus fall , Hailing thee beautiful in all ! Metropolitan . PROGRESS OF CRIME . ( From a paper in Fraser 's Magazine , entitled the Schoolmaster in Newgate — evidently from the hand of a shrewd observer , and the result of considerable experience and laborious investigation .) By a reference to the Old Bailey session calendar , it will be seen that about 3 , 000 prisoners are annually committed to Newgate , making little short of 400 each session , of which there are eight in a year . Out of the gross number , about 350 are discharged by proclamation . Of these nothing can be said , as they must be considered innocent of the crimes with which they were charged , there not being prim â facie evidence to send them on their trials . There remain 2 , 550 who are tried , with the progressive increase of 4-7ths annually . Some persons have supposed this accumulation of offenders bears a regular proportion to the progress of population . As well may they assert that the demand for thieves in society regulates the supply , as in other markets of merchandise . The cause is in the maladministration of the laws — the sending out so many old offenders every session to teach and draw in the more juvenile and less experienced hands — with the uncertainty of punishment , by the inequality of sentences for crimes of a like nature — to which may be added the many instances of mistaken , or rather mis-directed leniency , compared with others of enormous severity for trifling offences ; all which tend to induce the London thieves to entertain a contempt for that tribunal . An opinion prevails throughout the whole body , that justice is not done there . I do not mean to say they complain of the sentences being too severe generally ; that would be natural enough on their parts , and not worth notice . They believe everything done at that court a matter of chance ; that in the same day , and for a like crime , one man will be sentenced to transportation for life , while another may be let off for a month 's imprisonment , and yet both equally bad characters . It only needs that punishment should be sure to follow the conviction for crime , and that the judgments should be uniform and settled , to strike terror into the whole body of London criminals . Out of the 2 , 550 annually tried , nearly one-fourth are acquitted , leaving little short of 2 , 000 for sentence in each year . Of these the average transported are 800 ; deduct 200 for cases of an incidental nature , i. e . crimes not committed by regular offenders , and there remain 1 , 000 professed thieves who are again turned loose in a short period on the town , all of whom appear in due course again at the court of the Old Bailey , or at some other , many times in the revolution of one year . Here lies the mischief . An old thief will be sure to enlist others to perpetuate the race . There is no disguising the fact : the whole blame is with the court whose duty it is to take cognizance of these characters . Whilst the present system is pursued , of allowing so many old offenders to escape with trifling punishments , the evils will be increased , and the business of the court go on augmenting , by its own errors . The thief is now encouraged to speculate on his chances — in his own phraseology , “ his good luck . ” Every escape makes him more reckless . I knew one man who was allowed a course of seventeen imprisonments and other punishments before his career was stopped by transportation ; a sentence which does , however , sooner or later overtake them , and which would be better both for themselves and the country were it passed the first time they were in the hands of the court as known thieves . Observing only a certain , and nearly an equal , number transported each session , they have imbibed a notion , that the recorder cannot exceed it , and that he selects those to whom he takes a dislike at the bar , not for the magnitude of their offence , but from caprice or chance . It is under this impression they are afraid of speaking when in court , lest they should give offence , and excite petulance in the judge , which would , in their opinion , inevitably include them in the devoted batch of transports , of which their horror is inconceivable ; 1st , because many have already undergone the punishment ; and 2dly , all who have not are fully aware of the privations to which it subjects them . Their anxious inquiry regarding every particular relating to the treatment , is a strong manifestation of their uneasiness on this subject . Yet Mr. Wontner and Mr. Wakefield ( says the Quarterly reviewer ) think neither transportation nor the hulks have any terrors for them . How they come to this opinion , I cannot imagine . If they draw their inference from the noise and apparent mirth of the prisoners when they leave Newgate for the hulks , I think their premises false . The transports are taken from Newgate in parties of twenty-five , which is called a draft . When the turnkeys lock up the wards of the prison at the close of the day , they call over the names of the convicts under orders for removal , at the same time informing them at what hour of the night or morning they will be called for , and to what place and ship they are destined . This notice , which frequently is not more than three or four hours , is all that is given them ; a regulation rendered necessary to obviate the bustle and confusion heretofore experienced , by their friends and relatives thronging the gates of the prison , accompanied by valedictory exclamations at the departure of the van in which they are conveyed . Before this order arrives , most of them have endured many months ’ confinement , and having exhausted the liberality , or funds — perhaps both — of their friends , have been constrained to subsist on the goal allowance . This , together with the sameness of a prison life , brings on a weariness of mind , which renders any change agreeable to their now broken spirits ; the prospect of a removal occasions a temporary excitement , which , to those unaccustomed to reason on the matter , may appear like gaiety , and carelessness of the future . The noise and apparent recklessness , however , on these occasions , are produced more by those prisoners who are to remain behind , availing themselves of the opportunity to beguile a few hours of tedious existence by a noisy and forced merriment , which they know the officers on duty will impute to the men under orders for the ship . This is confirmed by the inmates of the place being , on all other nights of the year , peaceable after they have been locked up in their respective wards . Those who suppose there is any real mirth or indifference among them at any time , have taken but a superficial view of these wretched men . Heaviness and sickness of heart are always with them ; they will at times make an effort to feel at ease , but all their hilarity is fictitious and assumed — they have the common feelings of our nature , and of which they can never divest themselves . Those who possess an unusual buoyancy of spirits , and gloss over their feelings with their companions , I have ever observed on the whole , to feel the most internal agony . I have seen upwards of two thousand under this sentence , and never conversed with one who did not appear to consider the punishment , if it exceeded seven years , equal to death . May , the accomplice of Bishop and Williams , told me , the day after his respite , if they meant to transport him , he did not thank them for his life . The following is another striking instance of the view they have of this punishment . A man named Shaw , who suffered for housebreaking about two years since , awoke during the night previous to his execution , and said , “ Lee ! ” ( speaking to the man in the cell with him ) “ I have often said I would be rather hanged than transported ; but now it comes so close as this , I begin to think otherwise . ” Shortly afterwards he turned round to the same man and said , “ I was wrong in what I said just now ; I am still of my former opinion : hanging is the best of the two ; ” and he remained in the same mind all the night . The first question an untried prisoner asks of those to whom he is about to entrust his defence is , “ Do you think I shall be transported ? Save me from that , and I do n't mind any thing else . ” One thing , however , is clear : no punishment hitherto has lessened the number of offenders ; nor will any ever be efficient , until the penalties awarded by the law unerringly follow conviction , especially with the common robbers . Turn over the pages of the Old Bailey session papers for years past , and you cannot but be struck with the anomalies which are there apparent , with respect to crimes and the sentences which have followed . The impression a perusal of these papers made on my mind , was as if all the business had been done by lottery ; and my observation during twenty-two sessions on the occurring cases has tended to convince me , that a distribution of justice from that wheel of chance could not present a more incongruous and confused record of convictions and punishments . In no case ( always excepting the capitals ) can any person , however acute and experienced , form the slightest opinion of what the judgment of the court will be . Of this the London thieves are fully aware . I never could succeed in persuading one before his trial , that he was deprived of all chance of escape . They will answer , “ Look what a court it is ! how many worse than me do scramble through ; and who knows but I may be lucky . ” What men know they must endure , they fear ; what they think they can escape , they despise : their calculation of three-fourths escaping is very near the truth . Hope , the spring of action , induces each to say to himself , “ Why may I not be the lucky one ? ” THE CHANCE THUS GIVEN OF ACQUITTAL IS THE MAIN CAUSE OF CRIME . I do not mean to say three-fourths come off free ; they are subjected to some kind of punishment ( excepting a few cases of judgment respited ) ; the others feel , no doubt , what they undergo , but it is only as a soldier in the fight considers a scratch — otherwise coming off with a whole skin , being ready for action again . Another evil arises out of this irregularity of judgments . All punishments are rendered severe and useful in proportion as the offender feels he deserves it , and is conscious of having only his quantum meritus .. This the convict can now never feel , seeing his companion in crime let off for a few months ’ imprisonment , he ( his companion ) having been guilty of an offence equal to his own , and for which he ( the convict ) is transported for life . Those connected with the court , in the conversations I have had with them , say , “ circumstances of character occasion the apparent anomalies ; ” being unable , or perhaps unwilling , to give a better . That a good character does not avail the prisoner , or direct the court in its judgments , may be seen by a mere inspection of the printed trials , and is better known to all who have watched the proceedings of this court for any time . Hundreds of cases might be cited to illustrate this fact . I remember the case of two butchers , whose briefs I wrote , which occurred last year . One was an old , the other a young man , both having been in the employ of the prosecutor . They were charged with stealing a breast of mutton from their master : both were found guilty . The old man had persons to speak as to his character for honesty for forty years last past ( his former masters ) ; the young one had not a solitary witness to say a word for him . The former was sentenced to fourteen years ’ transportation ; the latter to six months in the house of correction . When the prosecutor heard of the circumstance , he got up a petition to the secretary of state for a remission of the sentence , in which he stated that on the trial he himself had given the old man a good character , and not the other . Instances of this kind occur out of number to confirm the rogues in their preconceived notions of the uncertainty of punishment , and that “ the greatest crimes come off the best . ” This is an aphorism among the thieves . I have seen some of them , after being sentenced by the court , dance for hours , calling out continuously , “ Did I not tell you all , the biggest rogues get off the best ? ” The scene in the several yards of Newgate on the sentence-days , after the judgments have been passed , defies any description on paper . Some will be seen jumping and skipping about for hours , frenzied with joy at the very unexpectedly mild sentence passed on them ; others are cursing and swearing , calling down imprecations on the head of the recorder , for having , as they say , so unfairly measured out justice ; all agreeing there is no proportion in the punishments to the crimes . It may be said , it is of little import what these men think , so they are punished . But is it of no importance under what impression the others are discharged ? If the discharged feel ( as assuredly they do ) that punishment is a matter of chance , they return to their habits as the hazard-player goes again to the dice , in hopes of coming off a winner , and reimbursing himself for former losses . There is another evil comes out of these unequal sentences . The discontent it produces on the minds of those who fall under the more heavy judgments , which militates against their reformation : instead of reflecting on their situation as brought on by themselves , they take refuge in complaint and invective , declaring they are “ sacrificed ” — in their own language , “ murdered men . ” I have often said , “ Why complain ? You knew the consequence of detection . ” “ Yes , ” would be the reply ; “ but look at the case of Tom —— and Bill ——. Not that I am sorry they have got off ; but is it not a shame to give me a lifer , and they only a month each ? ” Such answers are always given when any attempt is made to reconcile them to their fate . They carry this feeling with them to the hulks , where they amuse each other with all the tales of hardship within their knowledge ; meditating revenge , by which they mean becoming more desperate in crime , and making reprisals on the public , when they shall be again at large . They become imbued with a notion the judge has more to answer for than themselves . Opinions of this nature are very common among them , and prevent the discipline to which they are submitted having its proper effect . Minds in the state of theirs seize on any supposed injury to brood over and stifle their own reproaches . Of this dernier ressort they would be deprived , if equal sentences were passed on all for like offences . They are now all ill-used men , by comparison with others who have been more fortunate . The present system holds out so many chances for the offender to escape , that it acts as an inducement to continue his practices , and to all loose characters , not yet accomplished in the art of plunder , to become so . Again , by the discharge of so many known thieves every sessions , so many masters are sent into the town to draw in and teach others , by which a regular supply is brought up to fill the ranks of those who fall in the conflict . THE SELECTOR ; AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . SCRIPTURAL ANTIQUITIES . A little volume has just appeared , with the title of The Truth of Revelation demonstrated by an appeal to existing monuments , sculptures , gems , coins , and medals . The author is stated to be “ a Fellow of several learned Societies , ” and has dedicated his work to Dr. Chalmers , who approved of its original plan . We confess this to be too extensive for us to explain in a few lines , although we do not hesitate to say , that a more amusing book upon abstruse subjects has scarcely ever met our attention . It is literally filled with facts and closely-packed inquiries , and these are so attractively arranged as to amuse a listless reader . The Ark of Noah and Mount Ararat . “ It has been supposed that the ark rested on Mount Ararat in Armenia : Josephus countenances this view of it , and it is interesting to observe , that the name of the Armenian city where it has been supposed the ark at last grounded , signifies the Place of Descent , from the Greek [ Greek : aporataeeion ]:— others have , however , urged that it rested upon Mount Caucasus , near Apamea , in Phrygia , from the circumstance that in Genesis xi . 2 , the sons of the patriarch are represented as journeying westward from the place of descent , and Mount Ararat in Armenia being west of this country . The language of the sacred writer does not particularly define the question . Mount Ararat , according to Morier , is at once awful in its elevation , and beautiful in its form . Sir Robert Ker Porter describes this celebrated mountain as divided , by a chasm of about seven miles wide , into two distinct peaks , called The Great and The Little Ararat , and is of opinion that the ark finally rested in this chasm . This pleasing and elegant writer gives a beautiful description of Ararat . ‘ I beheld Ararat in all its amplitude of grandeur . From the spot on which I stood , it appeared as if the hugest mountains of the world had been piled upon each other , to form this one sublime immensity of earth , and rock , and snow . The icy peaks of its double heads rose majestically into the clear and cloudless heavens ; the sun blazed bright upon them , and the reflection sent forth a dazzling radiance equal to other suns . This point of the view united the utmost grandeur of plain and height , but the feelings I experienced while looking on the mountain are hardly to be described . My eye , not able to rest for any length of time on the blinding glory of its summits , wandered down the apparently interminable sides , till I could no longer trace their vast lines in the mists of the horizon ; when an inexpressible impulse immediately carrying my eye upwards again , refixed my gaze on the awful glare of Ararat ; and this bewildered sensibility of sight , being answered by a similar feeling in the mind , for some moments I was lost in a strange suspension of the powers of thought . ’ ” The Deluge . “ Nothing seems to be better substantiated and established than the circumfusion of the waters of the deluge . The language of the Sacred Volume is clear and decisive on this point . ‘ The waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth ; and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered . Fifteen cubits upwards did the waters prevail , and the mountains were covered . ’ The attestations to this fact , in organic remains , are universal , and completely conclusive . In Italy entire skeletons of whales have been found at an elevation of not less than one thousand two hundred feet above the level of the Mediterranean . In a letter of the 5th May , 1830 , to the Asiatic Society of Calcutta , M. Gerard states , that he had collected shells among the snowy mountains of the frontiers of Thibet : some of them were obtained on the crest of a pass , seventeen thousand feet above the level of the sea . Here were also found fragments of rock , bearing impressions of shells , detached from the contiguous peak rising far above the elevated level : generally , however , it would appear , that the rocks from whence these shells were collected , rise to an altitude of about sixteen thousand feet ; one cliff was no less than a mile in perpendicular height above the nearest level . M. Gerard continues , ‘ Just before crossing the boundary of Sudak into Bassalier , I was exceedingly gratified by the discovery of a bed of fossil oysters clinging to the rock as if they had been alive . ’ No doubt many of the rocks are in more sublime relief now , than they were in the antediluvian world . The subsidence of the land and lower levels , and the action of submarine currents would scoop out deep valleys ; and no doubt , much that is now ‘ dry land , ’ once formed the bed of the ocean . Alpine structures have emerged from the deep , and volcanoes have heaped up elevations on mountains already lofty and sublime ; as Cotopaxi , Antisana , and Tunguragua , amid the range of the Cordilleras of the Andes . The Geological Society has a series of ammonites from India . These fossils are objects of adoration to the Hindoos : they fall on the S. W . side of the Himala mountains from an altitude which exceeds that of perpetual congelation : they are picked up by the natives , and religiously preserved , being concealed as much as possible from the scrutiny of Europeans . Mont Perdu , among the Appennines , which rise to an altitude of eleven thousand feet above the sea 's level , encloses an innumerable multitude of testacea : and Humboldt found sea-shells among the Andes , fourteen thousand feet above the level of the ocean . At Touraine , on the Continent , is a bed of shells which extends nearly twenty-seven miles , having a depth of twenty feet . Mount Bolca contains upwards of one hundred species of fish from the four quarters of the earth , and collected together in one immense assemblage . ” ( To be continued .) THE NATURALIST . NOTES UPON NOTES . We abridge the following from a few Horticultural Notes on a Journey from Rome to Naples , in March last , contributed to that excellent work , the Gardeners ’ Magazine , by W. Spence , Esq . F. L. S . Italian Inn .— Mr . Spence says , “ Our rooms at the inn at Capua , where we slept , opened on a terraced garden , with orange trees , vines trained on arched trellises , marble fountains , & c ., which , for ten shillings expense , might have been made very gay and attractive ; but all was forlornness and disorder , the beds untrimmed , and the walks littered with dirt . Two magnificent plants of Opuntia vulgaris , which flanked one of the windows , the waiter said , were planted there ‘ per pompa ’ ( for pomp 's sake ) ; a motive , unfortunately , so often the leading one in Italy , without any regard to the humbler ones of neatness and order . ” Pontine Marshes .— Mr . Spence observes “ the desolate aspect attributed to these twenty-four miles of the road between Rome and Naples is one of the many exaggerations which prevail with regard to Italy . ” He describes the surface as dead-flat , with occasional portions covered with reeds , or overflowed with water , giving the whole a fenny character , yet , as happily , there are no pollard willows , and the road runs the whole way between two rows of tall elm trees , the general effect to the eye is not offensive , and far less repulsive than some parts of Holland or Lincolnshire . Italian Landscapes .— The absence of fine full-grown trees is the great defect of landscape scenes in Italy , where you sometimes travel a hundred miles ( as in Lombardy ) without setting eyes on a tree that has not been pollarded or lopped . Palming .— In the north of Italy palm-trees are cultivated , to sell their leaves to the Romish churches for Palm-Sunday . Italian Climate .— The true Italian climate is confined to a very small portion of Italy , namely , to some favoured spots on the western coast . Here the approximation of the Apennines to the sea , at once keeps off the north and east winds , and reflecting the sun 's rays , affords the temperature which the orange , lemon , & c. require . The moment you recede from the coast , especially if a very trifling elevation of ground takes place , farewell to oranges and lemons at least in any perfection . Sweet Lemon .— At Naples a curious variety of lemon is exposed in the streets for sale , having externally the exact colour and shape of an orange , except that at the stalk end is a depression , and on this a prominence , as in the lemon , but within having the pale pulp of the lemon , and sweet juice . Economy .— In the square of the town of Caserta , Mr. Spence saw exposed for sale bundles of green lupine plants pulled up by the roots , and of the roots of couch grass , which we burn , but which the Italians more wisely give as a saccharine and grateful food to horses . Campagna Felice is the title given to the extensive tract of land which lies between the mountains to the north-east of Caserta and Naples , and the Mediterranean . The whole is cultivated like a garden : rows of lopped elms or poplars intersect the fields , at the distance of 40 or 50 feet between each row , to which vines are trained : and the intermediate space is occupied by luxuriant wheat ; lupines , pulled green for fodder ; garden-beans ; or ground prepared for ploughing by two oxen , without a driver , for Indian corn , & c. This is one of the grand advantages of the climate of Italy , that , while in northern Europe vast tracts of land are devoted to the exclusive growth of barley for beer , the Italians obtain a far better beverage from the very same land that supplies their bread corn , and without materially interfering with its produce : for both the vines and the trees that support them are planted so deep as to consume only the manure , which , in any case , would be washed away ; and their slight shade is rather beneficial than injurious to the crops below . Fruit at Naples .— Mr . Spence saw in March grapes of several varieties , kept through the winter , not much shrivelled , and quite free from mouldiness . Oranges in glorious profusion ( chiefly from Sorrento , fifteen miles distant ,) and so cheap as to allow the poorest of the poor to enjoy ( what Dr. Johnson complained he had never had of peaches but once ) their fill of them , and that daily . The middle-sized ones ( which are the best ) sell at four for a grano , which is at the rate of ten for a penny English ; and the poor get twice as many of those beginning to decay . THE GATHERER . Ancient Starvation .— Hume tells us “ The Monks and Prior of St. Swithin threw themselves , one day , prostrate on the ground , and in the mire , before Henry II ., complaining , with many tears and much doleful lamentation , that the Bishop of Winchester , who was also their Abbot , had cut off three dishes from their tables . ‘ How many has he left you ? ’ said the king , ‘ Ten only ’ replied the disconsolate monks . ‘ I , myself , ’ exclaimed the king , ‘ never have more than three , and I enjoin your bishop to reduce you to the same number . ’ ” P. T. W . Ice Water .— The Chinese rise at day-break , after a hard frost to gather ice , which they melt , and carefully bottle up as a remedy for fever in the hot months . A French marquess having received several blows over his shoulders with a stick , which he never thought of resenting , a friend asked him how he could reconcile it with his honour , to suffer them to pass without notice . “ P ó h , ” said the marquess , “ I never trouble myself with anything that passes behind my back . ” Epitaph in Wycombe Churchyard , 1688 . Here lies one whose rest Gives me a restless life , Because I 've lost a good And virtuous wyfe . General Generalissimo .— Bayle tells us of a General of the Jesuits at Rome , once exulting of his greatness and his order — who thus expressed himself to a friend :— “ I will tell you , in this very chamber , I govern Rome — what am I talking about ? Rome ! I govern all Italy — what do I say ? Italy ! I govern Europe itself ; and not Europe alone , but the whole world . ” P. T. W . Classic Felony .— Sir John Hayward , was imprisoned by order of Queen Elizabeth , on account of some things advanced in his Life and Reign of Henry IV . She applied to Bacon to see if he could discover any passages that were treasonable , but his reply was , that “ for treason he found none , but for felony , very many , ” which he explained by saying , that the author had stolen many sentences from Tacitus , and translated them into English . P. T. W . A Likeness .— One of our old travellers on the continent , tells the following anecdote of a capuchin preacher : The friar observed , that whenever he held forth to his congregation , a certain man never failed to burst into tears , and continue weeping during the sermon . Supposing he had touched the man 's soul by the eloquence of his oratory , the friar , with much self-satisfaction , one day ventured to inquire why he wept . “ Ah , father ! ” said the peasant , “ I never see you but I think of a venerable goat , which I lost at Easter ! We were bred up together in the same family ; he was the very picture of your reverence ; one would swear you were brothers . Poor Baudoim ! He died of a fall — God rest his soul ! I would willingly pay for a couple of masses to pray him out of purgatory . ” W. G. C . The Peerage .— The following is the number in each grade of the English peerage :— Dukes , 25 ; Marquesses , 34 ; Earls , 142 ; Viscounts , 22 ; Barons , 125 ; Countess , 1 ; Viscountess , 1 ; and Baronesses , 4 . *** In the article “ Premiers , ” page 320 , of the present volume , for Mr. Fox 7 , read 9 . W. G. C . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .