THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL 14 , NO . 400 .] SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 21 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . The Limoeiro , at Lisbon . The Limoeiro , at Lisbon . Locks , bolts , and bars ! what have we here ?— a view of the Limoeiro , or common jail , at Lisbon , whose horrors , without the fear of Don Miguel in our hearts , we will endeavour to describe , though lightly — merely in outline ,— since nothing can be more disagreeable than the filling in . For this purpose we might quote ourselves , i. e . one of our correspondents , [ 1 ] or a host of travellers and residents in the Portuguese capital ; but we give preference to Mr. W. Young , who has borne much of the hard fare of the prison , and can accordingly speak more fully of its accommodations and privations . Mr. Young is an Englishman , who married a Portuguese lady in Leiria , and resided for several years in that town . He was arrested in May , 1828 , on suspicion of disaffection towards Don Miguel 's government : nothing appears to have been proved against him , and after having suffered much disagreeable treatment in different jails in Leiria and Lisbon , he was discharged in the following September , on condition of leaving the country . He returned to England , and lost no time in publishing a volume entitled “ Portugal in 1828 ; ” with “ A Narrative of the Author 's Residence there and of his persecution and confinement as a state prisoner . ” [ 1 ] See “ Portuguese Prisons , ” MIRROR , vol . xii , p. 99 . The prison , says Mr. Young , stands on the highest ground in St. George 's Castle , and is the first building on the south side toward the Tagus . Near the entrance it is divided internally as follows below :— Saletta ( the small hall ;) Salla Livre ( free hall ,) so called , because visiters are allowed to go in to see their friends , except when the jailer or intendant orders otherwise ; Salla Fechado ( the hall shut ,) so called , because no communication is allowed with the prisoners in that hall ; Enchovia ( the common prison ,) where thieves , murderers , and vagabonds of every description are confined . This last receptacle is a horrid place ; and is often made use of as a punishment for prisoners from other parts of the gaol . Hither they are sent when they commit any offence , for as many days as the jailer may think proper , and are often put in irons during that time . Besides these different prisons on the ground floor , there are eight dungeons in a line , all nearly alike in shape and size ; but some are superior to others as to light and air : and in proportion to the degree they wish to annoy the unfortunate victim , so are these dungeons used . A few dollars never fail to procure a better light and air when properly applied . Three of these dungeons are about six feet higher than the other five . There is a corridor in the front of them , which is always shut up when any one is confined in them , so that no one can ever approach the door of a dungeon . And to make this a matter of certainty , whenever the jailer or officers of the prison carry prisoners their food , they lock the door of the corridor before they open that of the dungeon . The first of the lower five of these dungeons is in the passage leading from , the Salla Livre , and next door to the privy of the prison ; so that it is never used as a secret dungeon . The lower four are enclosed as those above , and are much darker than that in the passage . This latter is claimed by the book-keeper as his property , and I hired it of him to sleep in , and to be alone when I wished to be so . The dungeons are all bomb proof , and over them is a terrace thickly formed of brick and stone ; still I could distinctly hear the sentry walking over my head when all was quiet at night . The walls of these cells are about six feet thick , with bars inside and out ; the bars in the windows are three inches square , making twelve inches in circumference , and being crossed they form squares of about eight inches ; the windows differ very much in size , some not being half so large as others . Besides these double bars , there is a shutter immensely strong and close , so that when shut , light is totally excluded ; the iron door has a strong bolt and lock , and outside of this there is a strong wooden door ; in the front of the windows , and about six feet from them , there is a high wall ; so that in the best of these dungeons , there is only a reflected light . These are all the prisons on the ground floor , and when full ( which they too often are ) the wretched prisoners are forced to lie at night in two rows , with their feet to the wall , and their heads to the middle of the room ; this position they adopt on account of the cold and damp of the stone walls ; they touch each other , and the floor is completely covered . Nay , at times , so full is the gaol , that they are obliged to lie on the corridors , and even on the steps . The Saletta will hold forty prisoners , the Salla Livre more than sixty , the Salla Fechado one hundred , and the Enchovia , near one hundred and forty . When one prison becomes too full , they remove some of the victims to another , or send them to the forts , or on board the ships in the river . The first floor is divided into two parts , officers ’ rooms , and the Sallao , ( saloon or large hall .) This hall will hold about 150 persons , when full . Besides the Sallao and officers ’ rooms on the first floor , there is a room set apart for questioning people who are in the dungeons . This room has an entrance from the street , and another through a passage from the dungeons , as well as one from the officers ’ rooms . The magistrate and his clerk enter from the street , and no one in the prison sees them . The prisoner is taken up stairs from the dungeon , and the jailer or book-keeper enters from the officers ’ apartments . Every thing is done in the most secret manner . If they cannot cause the prisoner to commit himself , by confessing to the offence with which he is charged , they send him back again to the dungeon . The gaol of St. George 's has a second floor tier of offices ; but that belongs to the governor and jailer ; there are no prisoners above the ground and the first floor . None of the authorities ever inquire whether he has any means of subsistence ; there is neither bed blanket , nor even straw , unless the prisoner can buy it , and then he must pay the guards to let it pass to him . Amongst the many thousands of unfortunate beings who are now confined in Portugal , great numbers of them are without money or any other means of subsistence ; and were it not for the charity of people in general , starvation would necessarily ensue . The only authorities employed about the prison are a jailer , secretary , and eight guards ; of the latter three are always on duty ; one of them being stationed at the first iron gate at the entrance of the prison , another at the second gate , and a third to attend the interior , each with a bunch of keys in his hand , which serve for nearly all the doors . The guards are relieved every night at nine o'clock , when , the man who is posted at the outer door carries a strong iron rod ( see the Engraving ) with which he strikes every bar in the windows and gates of the gaol ; and if any one of them does not vibrate , or ring , he carefully inspects it to ascertain whether it has been cut with a saw , or corroded by any strong acid . This dismal music lasts an hour . The whole expense of the prison to government does not exceed 16s . per day , and the few officers and guards , when Mr. Young was there , manage upwards of four hundred prisoners . He was confined from June 16 , to September 7 , and his account of the myriads of bugs , rats , mice , and other vermin is truly disgusting . The reader will however readily credit this report when he has been told of the revolting state of the city itself . Mrs. Baillie , in her recent Letters on Lisbon , says , “ for three miles round Lisbon in every direction , you cannot for a moment get clear of the disgusting effluvia that issue from every house . ” Doctor Southey says “ every kind of vermin that exists to punish the nastiness and indolence of man , multiplies in the heat and dirt of Lisbon . In addition to mosquitoes , the scolopendra is not uncommonly found here , and snakes sometimes intrude into the bedchamber . A small species of red ant likewise swarms over every thing sweet , and the Portuguese remedy is to send for the priest to exorcise them . ” The city is still subject to shocks of earthquake ; the state of the police is horrible ; street-robbery is common , and every thief is an assassin . The pocket-knife , which the French troops are said to have dreaded more than all the bayonets of either the Spanish or the Portuguese , is here the ready weapon of the assassin ; and the Tagus receives many a corpse on which no inquest ever sits . The morals , in fact , of all classes in Lisbon appear to be in a dreadful state . THE CARD . A TALE OF TRUTH . ( For the Mirror .) Young Lady Giddygad , came down From spending half a year in town , With cranium full of balls and plays , Routs , f ê tes , and fashionable ways , Caus 'd in her country-town , so quiet , Unus 'd to modish din and riot , No small confusion and amaze , “ Quite a sensation , ” is the phrase , Like that , which puss , or pug , may feel When rous 'd from slumber by your heel , Or drowsy ass , at rider 's knock , Or —— should you term him block ; Quoi qu'il en soit , first , gossips gape , Then envy , scandalize , and ape ! Quoth Mrs. Thrifty : “ Nancy , dear , My Lady sends out cards I hear , With , I suppose , ‘ tis now polite , Merely ‘ At Home , ’ on such a night , Now child , altho ’ I dare not say We can afford to be so gay , We 're as well born as Lady G —— And may be , as well bred as she ! That is , quite in a sober way So as we 've nothing more to pay : For instance , when folks choose to come , And I do n't choose to be ‘ At Home , ’ I 'll have a notice stuck , you know , On the hall door , to tell them so : ‘ Twill save our Rachel 's legs you see , And soon the top will copy me ! But , Nancy , d'ye hear , now write That I 'm ‘ At Home ’ on Thursday night ; ‘ Tis a good fashion , for ‘ tis what Most fashions in this age are not A saving one : ah , prithee think , How it saves time , and quills , and ink ! ” So , duteous Nancy seiz 'd a pen , To ladies , and to gentlemen Sent quickly out the cards ; as quick Came one again : “ Poh ! fiddlestick An answer , yes ?— come , let me see , My spectacles ! ” cried Mistress T —— “ Hum — Mrs. Thrifty ,— Thursday night — ‘ At Home ’ — oh malice ! fiendish spite , ” ( Quoth the good dame in furious ire , Whilst the card , fed the greedy fire ) “ No , never , never , will I strive To be genteel , as I 'm alive , Beneath my own ‘ At Home ’ was cramm 'd , There stay , good madam , and be d — d ! "[ 2 ] M. L. B . [ 2 ] A fact . MAHOMET THE GREAT AND HIS MISTRESS . An Anecdote . ( For the Mirror .) After the taking of Constantinople by the Turks , in the year 1453 , several captives , distinguished either for their rank or their beauty , were presented to the victorious Mahomet the Great . Irene , a most beautiful Greek lady , was one of those unfortunate captives . The emperor was so delighted with her person , that he dedicated himself wholly to her embraces , spending day and night in her company , and neglected his most pressing affairs . His officers , especially the Janissaries , were extremely exasperated at his conduct ; and loudly exclaimed against their degenerate and effeminate prince , as they were then pleased to call him . Mustapha Bassa , who had been brought up with the emperor from a child , presuming upon his great interest , took an opportunity to lay before his sovereign the bad consequences which would inevitably ensue should he longer persevere in that unmanly and base course of life . Mahomet , provoked at the Bassa 's insolence , told him that he deserved to die ; but that he would pardon him in consideration of former services . He then commanded him to assemble all the principal officers and captains in the great hall of his palace the next day , to attend his royal pleasure . Mustapha did as he was directed ; and the next day the sultan understanding that the Bassas and other officers awaited him , entered the hall , with the charming Greek , who was delicately dressed and adorned . Looking sternly around him , the Sultan demanded , which of them , possessing so fair an object , could be contented to relinquish it ? Being dazzled with the Christian 's beauty , they unanimously answered , that they highly commended his happy choice , and censured themselves for having found fault with so much worth . The emperor replied , that he would presently show them how much they had been deceived in him , for that no earthly pleasure should so far bereave him of his senses , or blind his understanding , as to make him forget his duty in the high calling wherein he was placed . So saying , he caught Irene by the hair of her head , which he instantly severed from her body with his scimitar . G. W. N . Select Biography . JUVENILE POETESS . MEMOIR OF LUCRETIA DAVIDSON , Who died at Plattsburgh , N. Y ., August 27 , 1825 , aged sixteen years and eleven months . We hardly know how to give our readers an idea of the intense interest which this biographical sketch has excited in our mind ; but we are persuaded they will thank us for adopting it in our columns . The details are somewhat abridged from No . LXXXII . of the Quarterly Review , ( just published ) , where they appear in the first article , headed “ Amir Khan , and other Poems : the remains of Lucretia Maria Davidson , ” & c ., published at New York , in the present year . Prefixed to these “ remains ” is a biographical sketch , which forms the basis of the present memoir , and from the Poems are selected the few specimens with which it is illustrated .— ED . Lucretia Maria Davidson was born September 27 , 1808 , at Plattsburgh , on Lake Champlain . She was the second daughter of Dr. Oliver Davidson , and Magaret his wife . Her parents were in straitened circumstances , and it was necessary , from an early age , that much of her time should be devoted to domestic employments : for these she had no inclination , but she performed them with that alacrity which always accompanies good will ; and , when her work was done , retired to enjoy those intellectual and imaginative , pursuits in which her whole heart was engaged . This predilection for studious retirement she is said to have manifested at the early age of four years . Reports , and even recollections of this kind , are to be received , the one with some distrust , the other with some allowance ; but when that allowance is made , the genius of this child still appears to have been as precocious as it was extraordinary . Instead of playing with her schoolmates , she generally got to some secluded place , with her little books , and with pen , ink , and paper ; and the consumption which she made of paper was such as to excite the curiosity of her parents , from whom she kept secret the use to which she applied it . If any one came upon her retirement , she would conceal or hastily destroy what she was employed upon ; and , instead of satisfying the inquiries of her father and mother , replied to them only by tears . The mother , at length , when searching for something in a dark and unfrequented closet , found a considerable number of little books , made of this writing-paper , and filled with rude drawings , and with strange and apparently illegible characters , which , however , were at once seen to be the child 's work . Upon closer inspection , the characters were found to consist of the printed alphabet ; some of the letters being formed backwards , some sideways , and there being no spaces between the words . These writings were deciphered , not without much difficulty ; and it then appeared that they consisted of regular verses , generally in explanation of a rude drawing , sketched on the opposite page . When she found that her treasures had been discovered , she was greatly distressed , and could not be pacified till they were restored ; and as soon as they were in her possession , she took the first opportunity of secretly burning them . These books having thus been destroyed , the earliest remaining specimen of her verse is an epitaph , composed in her ninth year , upon an unfledged robin , killed in the attempt at rearing it . When she was eleven years of age , her father took her to see the decorations of a room in which Washington 's birthday was to be celebrated . Neither the novelty nor the gaiety of what she saw attracted her attention ; she thought of Washington alone , whose life she had read , and for whom she entertained the proper feelings of an American ; and as soon as she returned home , she took paper , sketched a funeral urn , and wrote under it a few stanzas , which were shown to her friends . Common as the talent of versifying is , any early manifestation of it will always be regarded as extraordinary by those who possess it not themselves ; and these verses , though no otherwise remarkable , were deemed so surprising for a child of her age , that an aunt of hers could not believe they were original , and hinted that they might have been copied . The child wept at this suspicion , as if her heart would break ; but as soon as she recovered from that fit of indignant grief , she indited a remonstrance to her aunt , in verse , which put an end to such incredulity . We are told that , before she was twelve years of age , she had read most of the standard English poets — a vague term , excluding , no doubt , much that is of real worth , and including more that is worth little or nothing , and yet implying a wholesome course of reading for such a mind . Much history she had also read , both sacred and profane ; “ the whole of Shakspeare 's , Kotzebue 's , and Goldsmith 's dramatic works ; ” ( oddly consorted names !) “ and many of the popular novels and romances of the day : ” of the latter , she threw aside at once those which at first sight appeared worthless . This girl is said to have observed every thing : “ frequently she has been known to watch the storm , and the retiring clouds , and the rainbow , and the setting sun , for hours . ” An English reader is not prepared to hear of distress arising from straitened circumstances in America — the land of promise , where there is room enough for all , and employment for every body . Yet even in that new country , man , it appears , is born not only to those ills which flesh is heir to , but to those which are entailed upon him by the institutions of society . Lucretia 's mother was confined by illness to her room and bed for many months ; and this child , then about twelve years old , instead of profiting under her mother 's care , had in a certain degree to supply her place in the business of the family , and to attend , which she did dutifully and devotedly , to her sick bed . At this time , a gentleman who had heard much of her verses , and expressed a wish to see some of them , was so much gratified on perusing them , that he sent her a complimentary note , enclosing a bank-bill for twenty dollars . The girl 's first joyful thought was that she had now the means , which she had so often longed for , of increasing her little stock of books ; but , looking towards the sick bed , tears came in her eyes , and she instantly put the bill into her father 's hands , saying , “ Take it , father ; it will buy many comforts for mother ; I can do without the books . ” There were friends , as they are called , who remonstrated with her parents on the course they were pursuing in her education , and advised that she should be deprived of books , pen , ink , and paper , and rigorously confined to domestic concerns . Her parents loved her both too wisely and too well to be guided by such counsellors , and they anxiously kept the advice secret from Lucretia , lest it should wound her feelings — perhaps , also , lest it should give her , as it properly might , a rooted dislike to these misjudging and unfeeling persons . But she discovered it by accident , and without declaring any such intention , she gave up her pen and her books , and applied herself exclusively to household business , for several months , till her body as well as her spirits failed . She became emaciated , her countenance bore marks of deep dejection , and often , while actively employed in domestic duties , she could neither restrain nor conceal her tears . The mother seems to have been slower in perceiving this than she would have been had it not been for her own state of confinement ; she noticed it at length , and said , “ Lucretia , it is a long time since you have written any thing . ” The girl then burst into tears , and replied , “ O mother , I have given that up long ago . ” “ But why ? ” said her mother . After much emotion , she answered , “ I am convinced from what my friends have said , and from what I see , that I have done wrong in pursuing the course I have . I well know the circumstances of the family are such , that it requires the united efforts of every member to sustain it ; and since my eldest sister is now gone , it becomes my duty to do every thing in my power to lighten the cares of my parents . ” On this occasion , Mrs. Davidson acted with equal discretion and tenderness ; she advised her to take a middle course , neither to forsake her favourite pursuits , nor devote herself to them , but use them in that wholesome alternation with the every day business of the world , which is alike salutary for the body and the mind . She therefore occasionally resumed her pen , and seemed comparatively happy . How the encouragement which she received operated may be seen in some lines , not otherwise worthy of preservation than for the purpose of showing how the promises of reward affect a mind like hers . They were written in her thirteenth year . Whene'er the muse pleases to grace my dull page , At the sight of reward , she flies off in a rage ; Prayers , threats , and intreaties I frequently try , But she leaves me to scribble , to fret , and to sigh She torments me each moment , and bids me go write , And when I obey her she laughs at the sight ; The rhyme will not jingle , the verse has no sense , And against all her insults I have no defence . I advise all my friends who wish me to write , To keep their rewards and their gifts from my sight , So that jealous Miss Muse wo n't be wounded in pride , Nor Pegasus rear till I 've taken my ride . Let not the hasty reader conclude from these rhymes that Lucretia was only what any child of early cleverness might be made by forcing and injudicious admiration . In our own language , except in the cases of Chatterton and Kirke White , we can call to mind no instance of so early , so ardent , and so fatal a pursuit of intellectual advancement . “ She composed with great rapidity ; as fast as most persons usually copy . There are several instances of four or five pieces on different subjects , and containing three or four stanzas each , written on the same day . Her thoughts flowed so rapidly , that she often expressed the wish that she had two pair of hands , that she might employ them to transcribe . When ‘ in the vein , ’ she would write standing , and be wholly abstracted from the company present and their conversation . But if composing a piece of some length , she wished to be entirely alone ; she shut herself into her room , darkened the windows , and in summer placed her Aeolian harp in the window : ” ( thus by artificial excitement , feeding the fire that consumed her .) “ In those pieces on which she bestowed more than ordinary pains , she was very secret ; and if they were , by any accident , discovered in their unfinished state , she seldom completed them , and often destroyed them . She cared little for any of her works after they were completed : some , indeed , she preserved with care for future correction , but a great proportion she destroyed : very many that are preserved , were rescued from the flames by her mother . Of a complete poem , in five cantos , called ‘ Rodri , ’ and composed when she was thirteen years of age , a single canto , and part of another , are all that are saved from a destruction which she supposed had obliterated every vestige of it . ” She was often in danger , when walking , from carriages , & c ., in consequence of her absence of mind . When engaged in a poem of some length , she has often forgotten her meals . A single incident , illustrating this trait in her character , is worth relating :— She went out early one morning to visit a neighbour , promising to be at home to dinner . The neighbour being absent , she requested to be shown into the library . There she became so absorbed in her book , standing , with her bonnet unremoved , that the darkness of the coming night first reminded her she had forgotten her meals , and expended the entire day in reading . She was peculiarly sensitive to music . There was one song ( it was Moore 's Farewell to his Harp ) to which she “ took a special fancy ; ” she wished to hear it only at twilight — thus , with that same perilous love of excitement which made her place the windharp in the window when she was composing , seeking to increase the effect which the song produced upon a nervous system , already diseasedly susceptible ; for it is said , that whenever she heard this song she became cold , pale , and almost fainting ; yet it was her favourite of all songs , and gave occasion to these verses , addressed , in her fifteenth year , to her sister . When evening spreads her shades around , And darkness fills the arch of heaven ; When not a murmur , not a sound To Fancy 's sportive ear is given ; When the broad orb of heaven is bright , And looks around with golden eye ; When Nature , softened by her light . Seems calmly , solemnly to lie ; Then , when our thoughts are raised above This world , and all this world can give , Oh , Sister ! sing the song I love , And tears of gratitude receive . The song which thrills my bosom 's core , And , hovering , trembles half afraid , Oh , Sister ! sing the song once more , Which ne'er for mortal ear was made . ‘ Twere almost sacrilege to sing Those notes amid the glare of day ; Notes borne by angels ’ purest wing , And wafted by their breath away . When , sleeping in my grass-grown bed , Shouldst thou still linger here above , Wilt thou not kneel beside my head , And , Sister ! sing the song I love ? To young readers it might be useful to observe , that these verses in one place approach the verge of meaning , but are on the wrong side of the line : to none can it be necessary to say , that they breathe the deep feeling of a mind essentially poetical . “ Her desire of knowledge increased as she grew more capable of appreciating its worth ; ” and she appreciated much beyond its real worth the advantages which girls derive from the ordinary course of female education . “ Oh ! ” she said one day to her mother , “ that I only possessed half the means of improvement which I see others slighting ! I should be the happiest of the happy . ” A youth whom nature has endowed with diligence and a studious disposition has , indeed , too much reason to regret the want of that classical education which is wasted upon the far greater number of those on whom it is bestowed ; but , for a girl who displays a promise of genius like Lucretia , and who has at hand the Bible and the best poets in her own language , no other assistance can be needed in her progress than a supply of such books as may store her mind with knowledge . Lucretia 's desire of knowledge was a passion which possessed her like a disease . “ I am now sixteen years old , ” she said , “ and what do I know ? Nothing !— nothing , compared with what I have yet to learn . Time is rapidly passing by : that time usually allotted to the improvement of youth ; and how dark are my prospects in regard to this favourite wish of my heart ! ” At another time she said — “ How much there is yet to learn !— If I could only grasp it at once ! ” In October 1824 , when she had just entered upon her seventeenth year , a gentleman , then on a visit at Plattsburgh , saw some of her verses — was made acquainted with her ardent desire for education , and with the circumstances in which she was placed ; and he immediately resolved to afford her every advantage which the best schools in the country could furnish . This gentleman has probably chosen to have his name withheld , being more willing to act benevolently than to have his good deeds blazoned ; and yet , stranger as he needs must be , there are many English readers to whom it would have been gratifying , could they have given to such a person “ a local habitation and a name . ” When Lucretia was made acquainted with his intention , the joy was almost greater than she could bear . As soon as preparations could be made , she left home , and was placed at the “ Troy Female Seminary , ” under the instruction of Mrs. Willard . There she had all the advantages for which she had hungered and thirsted ; and , like one who had long hungered and thirsted , she devoured them with fatal eagerness . Her application was incessant ; and its effects on her constitution , already somewhat debilitated by previous disease , became apparent in increased nervous sensibility . Her letters at this time exhibit the two extremes of feeling in a marked degree . They abound in the most sprightly or most gloomy speculations , bright hopes and lively fancies , or despairing fears and gloomy forebodings . In one of her letters from this seminary , she writes thus to her mother : “ I hope you will feel no uneasiness as to my health or happiness ; for , save the thoughts of my dear mother and her lonely life , and the idea that my dear father is slaving himself , and wearing out his very life , to earn a subsistence for his family — save these thoughts ( and I can assure you , mother , they come not seldom ) , I am happy . Oh ! how often I think , if I could have but one-half the means I now expend , and be at liberty to divide that with mamma , how happy I should be !— cheer up and keep good courage . ” In another , she says : “ Oh ! I am so happy , so contented now , that every unusual movement startles me . I am constantly afraid that something will happen to mar it . ” Again , she says : “ I hope the expectations of my friends will not be disappointed : but I am afraid you all calculate upon too much . I hope not , for I am not capable of much . I can study and be industrious ; but I fear I shall not equal the hopes which you say are raised . ” The story of Kirke White should operate not more as an example than a warning ; but the example is followed and the warning overlooked . Stimulants are administered to minds which are already in a state of feverish excitement . Hotbeds and glasses are used for plants which can only acquire strength in the shade ; and they are drenched with instruction , which ought “ to drop as the rain , and distil as the dew — as the small rain upon the tender herb , and as the shower upon the grass . ” During the vacation , in which she returned home , she had a serious illness , which left her feeble and more sensitive than ever . On her recovery she was placed at the school of Miss Gilbert , in Albany ; and there , in a short time , a more alarming illness brought her to the very borders of the grave . Before she entered upon her intemperate course of application at Troy , her verses show that she felt a want of joyous and healthy feeling — a sense of decay . Thus she wrote to a friend , who had not seen her since her childhood :— And thou hast mark 'd in childhood 's hour The fearless boundings of my breast , When fresh as summer 's opening flower , I freely frolick 'd and was blest . Oh say , was not this eye more bright ? Were not these lips more wont to smile ? Methinks that then my heart was light , And I a fearless , joyous child And thou didst mark me gay and wild , My careless , reckless laugh of mirth : The simple pleasures of a child , The holiday of man on earth . Then thou hast seen me in that hour , When every nerve of life was new , When pleasures fann 'd youth 's infant flower , And Hope her witcheries round it threw . That hour is fading ; it has fled ; And I am left in darkness now , A wanderer tow'rds a lowly bed , The grave , that home of all below . Young poets often affect a melancholy strain , and none more frequently put on a sad and sentimental mood in verse than those who are as happy as an utter want of feeling for any body but themselves can make them . But in these verses the feeling was sincere and ominous . Miss Davidson recovered from her illness at Albany so far only as to be able to perform the journey back to Plattsburgh , under her poor mother 's care . “ The hectic flush of her cheek told but too plainly that a fatal disease had fastened upon her constitution , and must ere long inevitably triumph . ” She however dreaded something worse than death , and while confined to her bed , wrote these unfinished lines , the last that were ever traced by her indefatigable hand , expressing her fear of madness . There is a something which I dread , It is a dark , a fearful thing ; It steals along with withering tread . Or sweeps on wild destruction 's wing . That thought comes o'er me in the hour , Of grief , of sickness , or of sadness ; ‘ Tis not the dread of death ,— ‘ tis more , It is the dread of madness . Oh , may these throbbing pulses pause Forgetful of their feverish course ; May this hot brain , which burning , glows , With all a fiery whirlpool 's force , Be cold , and motionless , and still A tenant of its lowly bed ; But let not dark delirium steal — The stanzas with which Kirke White 's fragment of the “ Christiad ” concludes , are not so painful as these lines . Had this however been more than a transient feeling , it would have produced the calamity which it dreaded : it is likely , indeed , that her early death was a dispensation of mercy , and saved her from the severest of all earthly inflictions ; and that same merciful Providence which removed her to a better state of existence , made these apprehensions give way to a hope and expectation of recovery , which , vain as it was , cheered some of her last hours . When she was forbidden to read it was a pleasure to her to handle the books which composed her little library , and which she loved so dearly . “ She frequently took them up and kissed them ; and at length requested them to be placed at the foot of her bed , where she might constantly see them , ” and anticipating a revival which was not to be , of the delight she should feel in reperusing them , she said often to her mother , “ what a feast I shall have by-and-bye . ” How these words must have gone to that poor mother 's heart , they only can understand who have heard such like anticipations of recovery from a dear child , and not been able , even whilst hoping against hope , to partake them . When sensible at length of her approaching dissolution , she looked forward to it without alarm ; not alone in that peaceful state of mind which is the proper reward of innocence , but in reliance on the divine promises , and in hope of salvation through the merits of our blessed Lord and Saviour . The last name which she pronounced was that of the gentleman whose bounty she had experienced , and towards whom she always felt the utmost gratitude . Gradually sinking under her malady , she passed away on the 27th of August , 1825 , before she had completed her seventeenth year . Her person was singularly beautiful ; she had “ a high , open forehead , a soft , black eye , perfect symmetry of features , a fair complexion , and luxuriant dark hair . The prevailing expression of her face was melancholy . Although , because of her beauty as well as of her mental endowments , she was the object of much admiration and attention , yet she shunned observation , and often sought relief from the pain it seemed to inflict upon her , by retiring from the company . ” That she should have written so voluminously as has been ascertained , ( says the editor of her Poems ) , is almost incredible . Her poetical writings which have been collected , amount in all to two hundred and seventy-eight pieces of various length ; when it is considered that among these are at least five regular poems of several cantos each , some estimate may be formed of her poetical labours . Besides there were twenty-four school exercises , three unfinished romances , a complete tragedy , written at thirteen years of age , and about forty letters , in a few months , to her mother alone . To this statement should also be appended the fact , that a great portion of her writings she destroyed . Her mother observes , “ I think I am justified in saying that she destroyed at least one-third of all she wrote . ” Of the literary character of her writings , ( says the editor ) , it does not , perhaps , become me largely to speak ; yet I must hazard the remark , that her defects will be perceived to be those of youth and inexperience , while in invention , and in that mysterious power of exciting deep interest , of enchaining the attention and keeping it alive to the end of the story ; in that adaptation of the measure to the sentiment , and in the sudden change of measure to suit a sudden change of sentiment ; a wild and romantic description ; and in the congruity of the accompaniment to her characters , all conceived with great purity and delicacy — she will be allowed to have discovered uncommon maturity of mind , and her friends to have been warranted in forming very high expectations of her future distinction . Curious Dial . Curious Dial . This Dial , which was really no common or vulgar invention , formerly stood in Privy Garden , Whitehall , at a short distance from Gibbons 's noble brass statue of James II ., which , as a waggish friend of ours said of the horse at Charing Cross , remains in statu-quo to this day . The Dial was invented by one Francis Hall , alias Line , a Jesuit , and Professor of Mathematics at Liege , in Germany . It was set up , as the old books have it , in the year 1669 , by order of Charles II . ; and in addition to the parts represented in the cut , the inventer intended to place a water-dial at each corner , which he had nearly completed when the original Dial for want of a cover , as he quaintly observes , ( which according to his Majestie 's Gracious Order should have been set over it in the Winter ) was much injured by the snow lying frozen upon it . But there was no chance of obtaining this out of Charles 's coffers , and the Dial soon became useless . Its explanation was , however , considered by many mathematical men of the period as too valuable to be lost , and the Professor accordingly printed the description at Liege , in 1673 , in which were plates and diagrams of the several parts . The matter was too grave for pleasant , anecdotical Pennant , who , speaking of the Dial , in his London , says “ the description surpasses my powers : ” he refers the reader to the above work , a “ very scarce book ” in his time , and we have been at some pains to obtain the reprint , ( London , 1685 ,) appended to Holwell 's Clavis Horologiae ; or Key to the whole art of Arithmetical Dialling , small 4to . 1712 . [ 3 ] [ 3 ] For the loan of which we thank our esteemed correspondent , P. T. W . The whole Dial stood on a stone pedestal , and consisted of six [ 4 ] parts , rising in a pyramidal form , as represented in the Cut . [ 4 ] It need hardly be explained that the above is a section , or only one half of the dial . The base , or first piece , was a table of about 40 inches in diameter , and 8 or 9 inches thick , in the edge of which were 20 glazed dials , with the Jewish , Babylonian , Italian , Astronomical , and usual European methods of counting the hours : they were all vertical or declining Dials , the style or gnomon being a lion 's paw , unicorn 's horn , or some emblem from the royal arms . On the upper part of the Table were 8 reclining dials , glazed , and showing the hour in different ways — as by the shade of the style falling upon the hour-lines , the hour-lines falling on the style , or without any shade of hour-lines or style , & c. Upon this piece or table stood also 4 globes , cut into planes , with geographical , astronomical , and astrological dials . From the table also , east , west , north , and south , were four iron branches supporting glass bowls , showing the hour by fire , water , air , and earth . The second piece of the pyramid was also a round table somewhat less than the first , with 4 iron supporters , and dials on the edge , showing the different rising of remarkable stars ; the style to each being a little star painted upon the inside of the glass cover . From this piece also branched 4 glass bowls to show the hour by a style without a shadow , a shadow without a style , & c. Upon the upper part of the table were 8 reclining planes , 4 covered with looking-glass , on which the hour-lines , or style of a dial being painted , were reflected upon the bottom inclining planes of the third piece , and there showed the hour . The other 4 had also dials upon them , which were to be seen in a looking-glass placed upon the bottom of the third piece . The third piece was a large hollow globe , about 24 inches in diameter , and cut into 26 planes , two of which served for top and bottom . The rest were divided into 8 equal reclining planes , 8 equal inclining planes , and 8 equal vertical or upright planes ; all of which were hollow . The incliners were not covered with glass , but left open , so as better to receive and show the dials reflected from the second piece . Two of the 8 upright planes towards the north had no bottoms , but were covered only with clear glass , or windows to look into the globe , and thus see the dials as well within as without the same . The other 6 had not only each a cover of clear polished glass , with a dial described on them , like those of the first piece , but had a glass for their bottom ; which glass was thinly painted over white , so that the shade of the hour-lines drawn upon the cover , might be seen as well within as without the globe . On these bottom glasses were painted portraits , each holding a sceptre , or truncheon , the end of which pointed to the hour . Two also of the recliners towards the north , had only a glass cover , or window to look into the globe : the other 6 had double glass like the former ; their dials being some upon the cover , others upon the bottom ; but all so contrived , that the hour could only be known by them , by looking within the globe . From the top of this globe issued 4 iron branches with glass bowls with dials showing the time according to the several ways of counting the hours . These bowls were painted inside so as to keep out the light , except a point left like a star , through which the sun-beams showed the hour ; and the place where the hour-lines were drawn , was only painted on the outside thinly with white colour , so that the sun-light passing through the star might be seen , and show the hour . The fourth piece stood on the globe , had 4 iron supporters , and was a table about 20 inches in diameter , and 6 in thickness ! The edge was cut into 12 concave superficies like so many half-cylinders ; on each of which was a dial showing the hour by the shade of a fleur-de-lis fixed at the top of each half-cylinder . From the top of this table issued 4 iron branches , with glass bowls , like those of the first , second , and third pieces , though proportionally less . The dials on these bowls showed only the usual hour , and otherwise differed from the third piece ; here the hour-lines being left clear for the sunbeams to pass through , that by so passing , they might exhibit the same dial on the opposite side of the bowl , which was thinly painted white , that the said hours might be seen , and show the hour by their passing over a little star painted in the middle . The fifth piece likewise upon 4 iron supporters , was a globe of about 12 inches diameter , cut into 14 planes , viz . 8 triangles , equal and equilateral ; and the other 6 were equal squares . The dials on these planes showed the usual hour by the shade of a fleur-de-lis fastened to the top or bottom of each plane . The last , or top piece of the pyramid , was a glass bowl of 7 inches diameter , upon a foot of iron . The north side of this piece was thinly painted over white , that the shade of a little golden ball , placed in the middle of the bowl , might be seen to pass over the hour-lines which were drawn upon the white colour , and noted the hour . The bowl was included between two circles of iron gilt , with a cross on the top . Such is a general description of the parts or divisions of this very curious Dial . To which may be added that the first four pieces had all their sides covered with little plates of black glass , first cemented to the said pieces , except those places whereon the dials were drawn ; which being also covered with plates of polished glass , nearly the whole of the outside of the dial appeared to be glass ; the angles or corners being elegantly gilt , as were in part the iron work of the pyramid , supporters , branches , styles , & c . We have abridged and in part rewritten this explanation from upwards of six closely-printed 4to . pages . After the general description , in the original tract , the different sections or parts of the dial , 73 in number , are still further explained , and illustrated by 17 plates , besides a vertical section , of which last our Cut is a copy . Perhaps these details would tire the general reader , and on that account we do not press them : a few of them , however , may be noticed still further . Of these , the Bowls appear to be the most attractive . One on the first piece , by fire was a little glass bowl filled with clear water . This bowl was about three inches diameter , placed in the middle of another sphere , about six inches diameter , consisting of several iron rings or circles , representing the hour circles in the heavens . The hour was known by applying the hand to these circles when the sun shone , when that circle where you felt the hand burnt by the sunbeams passing through the bowl filled with water , showed the true hour , according to the verse beneath it : Cratem tange , manusq horam tibi reddet adusta . The phenomenon is thus explained by the Professor : “ the parallel rays of the sun passing through the little bowl , are bent by the density of the water , into a cone or pyramid , whose vertex reaches a little beyond those hour circles , and there burns the hand applied ; for so many rays being all united into a point , must needs make an intense heat , which heat is so powerful in the summer-time , that it will fire a piece of wood applied to it . ” To many of the Dials were suitable inscriptions as above , and these with the references must have made the construction of the whole a task of immense labour . It would be absurd to expect that Charles II . had much to do with its completion , for he was , in his own estimation , more pleasantly employed than in watching the flight of time by heavenly luminaries . His attractions were on earth , where the splendour of a wicked court and the witchery of bright eyes eclipsed all other pursuits . Still , the licentious king was not forgotten by the inventer of the dial . Among the pictures on some of the glasses were portraits of the king , the two queens , the duke of York , prince Rupert , & c. In the king 's picture , the hour was shown by the shade of the hour-lines passing over the top of the sceptre — perhaps the only time the royal trifier ever pointed to so useful an end . Prince Rupert , by his contributions to science , had a better right to be there ; but Charles was not even grateful enough for the elevation to protect the precious Dial from rain and snow . In the list of subscribers for the reprint of the Tract , occurs “ Jacob Chandler , basket-maker : ” in our times this would be considered a knotty work for any but a professional reader . NOTES OF A READER HISTORY OF INSECTS . The Family Library , No . 7 . Library of Entertaining Knowledge , Part 6 .— Insect Architecture . At present we can only notice these works as two of the most delightful volumes that have for some time fallen into our hands , and as possessing all the merits which characterize the previous portions of the Series . Our cognizance of them , in a collected form , must rest till the other half appears ; in the meantime a few flying extracts will prove amusing :— Bees without a Queen . These humble creatures cherish their queen , feed her , and provide for her wants . They live only in her life , and die when she is taken away . Her absence deprives them of no organ , paralyzes no limb , yet in every case they neglect all their duties for twenty-four hours . They receive no stranger queen before the expiration of that time ; and if deprived of the cherished object altogether , they refuse food , and quickly perish . What , it may be asked , is the physical cause of such devotion ? What are the bonds that chain the little creature to its cell , and force it to prefer death , to the flowers and the sunshine that invite it to come forth and live ? This is not a solitary instance , in which the Almighty has made virtues , apparently almost unattainable by us , natural to animals ! For while man has marked , with that praise which great and rare good actions merit , those few instances in which one human being has given up his own life for another — the dog , who daily sacrifices himself for his master , has scarcely found an historian to record his common virtue .— Family Library . Cleanliness of Bees . Among other virtues possessed by bees , cleanliness is one of the most marked ; they will not suffer the least filth in their abode . It sometimes happens that an ill-advised slug or ignorant snail chooses to enter the hive , and has even the audacity to walk over the comb ; the presumptuous and foul intruder is quickly killed , but its gigantic carcass is not so speedily removed . Unable to transport the corpse out of their dwelling , and fearing “ the noxious smells ” arising from corruption , the bees adopt an efficacious mode of protecting themselves ; they embalm their offensive enemy , by covering him over with propolis ; both Maraldi and Reaumur have seen this . The latter observed that a snail had entered a hive , and fixed itself to the glass side , just as it does against walls , until the rain shall invite it to thrust out its head beyond its shell . The bees , it seemed , did not like the interloper , and not being able to penetrate the shell with their sting , took a hint from the snail itself , and instead of covering it all over with propolis , the cunning economists fixed it immovably , by cementing merely the edge of the orifice of the shell to the glass with this resin , and thus it became a prisoner for life , for rain cannot dissolve this cement , as it does that which the insect itself uses . [ 5 ] — Ibid . [ 5 ] For a notice of the application of this cement to useful purposes , see No . 396 , page 283 .— ED . MIRROR . It furnishes a subject of serious consideration , as well as an argument for a special providence , to know , that the accurate Reaumur , and other naturalists , have observed , that when any kind of insect has increased inordinately , their natural enemies have increased in the same proportion , and thus preserved the balance .— Ibid . Gnats . There are few insects with whose form we are better acquainted than that of the gnat . It is to be found in all latitudes and climates ; as prolific in the Polar as in the Equatorial regions . In 1736 they were so numerous , and were seen to rise in such clouds from Salisbury cathedral , that they looked like columns of smoke , and frightened the people , who thought the building was on fire . In 1766 , they appeared at Oxford , in the form of a thick black cloud ; six columns were observed to ascend the height of fifty or sixty feet . Their bite was attended with alarming inflammation . To some appearances of this kind our great poet , Spenser , alludes , in the following beautiful simile :— As when a swarm of gnats at eventide , Out of the fennes of Allan doe arise , Their murmurring small trumpets sownden wide , Whiles in the air their clust'ring army flies . That as a cloud doth seem to dim the skies : Ne man nor beast may rest or take repast , For their sharp wounds and noyous injuries , Till the fierce northern wind , with blustering blast , Doth blow them quite away , and in the ocean cast . In Lapland , their numbers have been compared to a flight of snow when the flakes fall thickest , and the minor evil of being nearly suffocated by smoke is endured to get rid of these little pests . Captain Stedman says , that he and his soldiers were so tormented by gnats in America , that they were obliged to dig holes in the ground with their bayonets , and thrust their heads into them for protection and sleep . Humboldt states , that “ between the little harbour of Higuerote and the mouth of the Rio-Unare , the wretched inhabitants are accustomed to stretch themselves on the ground , and pass the night buried in the sand three or four inches deep , exposing only the head , which they cover with a handkerchief . ” After enumerating these and other examples of the achievements of the gnat and musquito tribe , Kirby says , “ It is not therefore incredible that Sapor , King of Persia , should have been compelled to raise the siege of Nisibis by a plague of gnats , which attacked his elephants and beasts of burden , and so caused the rout of his army ; nor that the inhabitants of various cities should , by an extraordinary multiplication of this plague , have been compelled to desert them ; nor that , by their power of doing mischief , like other conquerors who have been the torment of the human race , they should have attained to fame , and have given their name to bays , town , and territories . ” Ibid . Leaf Caterpillars . The design of the caterpillars in rolling up the leaves is not only to conceal themselves from birds and predatory insects , but also to protect themselves from the cuckoo-flies , which lie in wait in every quarter to deposit their eggs in their bodies , that their progeny may devour them . Their mode of concealment , however , though it appear to be cunningly contrived and skilfully executed , is not always successful , their enemies often discovering their hiding place . We happened to see a remarkable instance of this last summer ( 1828 ) , in a case of one of the lilac caterpillars which had changed into a chrysalis within the closely folded leaf . A small cuckoo-fly , aware , it should seem , of the very spot where the chrysalis lay within the leaf , was seen boring through it with her ovipositor , and introducing her eggs through the punctures thus made into the body of the dormant insect . We allowed her to lay all her eggs , about six in number , and then put the leaf under an inverted glass . In a few days the eggs of the cuckoo-fly were hatched , the grubs devoured the lilac chrysalis , and finally changed into pupae in a case of yellow silk , and into perfect insects like their parent .— Library of Entertaining Knowledge . The last extract , and all in the Library of Entertaining Knowledge signed J. R. are written by Mr. J. Rennie , whose initials must be familiar to every reader as attached to some of the most interesting papers in Mr. Loudon 's Magazines . He is a nice observer of Nature , and one of the most popular writers on her phenomena . As we treated the cuts of the last portion of the “ Library of Entertaining Knowledge , ” rather critically , we are happy to say that the engravings of insects in the present part make ample amends for all former imperfections in that branch of the work ; some of the pupae , insects , their nests , & c. are admirably executed , and their selection is equally judicious and attractive . SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS . Spirit-drinking appears to have attained a pretty considerable pitch in America , where , according to the proceedings of the American Temperance Society , half as many tuns of domestic spirits are annually produced as of wheat and flour ; and in the state of New York , in the year 1825 , there were 2 , 264 grist-mills , and 1 , 129 distilleries of whiskey . In a communication to this society from Philadelphia , it is calculated , that out of 4 , 151 deaths in that city in the year 1825 , 335 are attributed solely to the abuse of ardent spirits ! WOOD ENGRAVING . In early life Bewick cut a vignette for the Newcastle newspaper , from which it is calculated that more than nine hundred thousand impressions have been worked off ; yet the block is still in use , and not perceptibly impaired . AUSTRIA . The present Emperor of Austria is a gentle , fatherly old man . We have heard none of his subjects speak of him with anything but love and affection . The meanest peasant has access to him ; and , except on public occasions , he leads a simpler life than any nobleman among ourselves . It is , perhaps , less the emperor than the nobility who govern in Austria , and less the nobility than Metternich , the prince-pattern of prime-ministers .— Foreign Review . HANGING . The following letter tends to rectify an error which very generally prevails , namely , that it costs only thirteen-pence halfpenny to be hung . It is copied literatim et verbatim , from one made out by Mr. Ketch himself , and proves that a man cannot be hung for so mere a trifle :— “ Silvester . s. d. Executioner 's Fees ............ 7 6 Stripping the Body ............ 4 6 Use of Shell .................. 2 6 1813 . Nov. 10 . 14 6 ” Blackwood 's Magazine . SCOTTISH POETRY . The passion of the Scots , from whatever race derived , for poetry and music , developed itself in the earliest stages of their history . They possessed a wild imagination , a dark and gloomy mythology ; they peopled the caves , the woods , the rivers , and the mountains , with spirits , elves , giants , and dragons ; and are we to wonder that the Scots , a nation in whose veins the blood of all those remote races is unquestionably mingled , should , at a very remote period , have evinced an enthusiastic admiration for song and poetry ; that the harper was to be found amongst the officers who composed the personal state of the sovereign , and that the country maintained a privileged race of wandering minstrels , who eagerly seized on the prevailing superstitions and romantic legends , and wove them in rude , but sometimes very expressive versification , into their stories and ballads ; who were welcome guests at the gate of every feudal castle , and fondly beloved by the great body of the people .— Tytler 's History of Scotland . TO CONSTANTINOPLE , On approaching the city about sun-rise , from the Sea of Marmora . A glorious form thy shining city wore , ‘ Mid cypress thickets of perennial green , With minaret and golden dome between , While thy sea softly kiss 'd its grassy shore . Darting across whose blue expanse was seen Of sculptured barques and galleys many a score ; Whence noise was none save that of plashing oar ; Nor word was spoke , to break the calm serene . Unhear 'd is whisker 'd boatman 's hail or joke ; Who , mute as Sinbad 's man of copper , rows , And only intermits the sturdy stroke When fearless gull too nigh his pinnace goes . I , hardly conscious if I dream 'd or woke , Mark 'd that strange piece of action and repose . BERWICK . In the thirteenth century Berwick enjoyed a prosperity , such as threw every other Scottish port into the shade ; the customs of this town , at the above date , amounted to about one-fourth of all the customs of England . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE LORD MAYORS DAY . “ Spirit of Momus ! thou'rt wandering wide . When I would thou wert merrily perch 'd by my side , For I am sorely beset by the blues ; Thou fugitive elf ! I adjure thee return , By Fielding 's best wig , and the ashes of Sterne , Appear at the call of my muse . ” It comes , with a laugh on its rubicund face ; Methinks , by the way , it 's in pretty good case , For a spirit unblest with a body ; “ On the claret bee'shYpppHeNwing , ” says the sprite , “ I regale ; But I 'm ready for all — from Lafitte down to ale , From Champagne to a tumbler of toddy . “ Then I 'm not over-nice , as at least you must know , In the rank of my hosts — for the lofty or low Are alike to the Spirit of Mirth ; I care not a straw with whom I have dined , Though a family dinner 's not much to my mind , And a proser 's a plague upon earth . “ But where , my dear sprite , for this age have you been ? Have you plunged in the Danube , or danced on the Seine ? Or have taken in Lisbon your station ? Or have flapped over Windsor your butterfly-wings , O'er its bevy of beauties , and courtiers , and kings — The wonders and wits of the nation ? ” “ No ; of all climes for folly , Old England 's the clime ; Of all times for fully , the present 's the time ; And my game is so plentiful here , That all months are the same , from December to May ; I can bag in a minute enough for a day — In a day , bag enough for a year . “ My game-bag has nooks for ‘ Notes , Sketches , and Journeys , ’ By soldiers and sailors , divines and attorneys , Through landscapes gay , blooming , and briary ; And so , as you seem rather pensive to-night , To dispel your blue-devils , I 'll briefly recite A specimen-leaf from my diary :— “ ‘ THE NINTH OF NOVEMBER . “ ‘ Through smoke-clouds as dark as a forest of rooks , The rich contribution of blacksmiths and cooks From the huge human oven below , I heard old St. Paul 's gaily pealing away ; Thinks I to myself , ‘ It is Lord Mayor 's Day , So , I 'll go down and look at the Show . ’ “ ‘ I spread out my pinions , and sprang on my perch — ‘ Twas the dragon on Bow , that odd sign of the church , The episcopal centre of action ; All Cheapside was crowded with black , brown , and fair , Like a harlequin 's jacket , or French rocquelaire , A legitimate Cheapside attraction . “ ‘ Then rung through the tumult a trumpet so shrill , That it frightened the ladies all down Ludgate Hill , And the owlets in Ivy Lane ; Then came in their chariots , each face in full blow , The sheriffs and aldermen , solemn and slow , All bombazine , bag-wig and chain . “ ‘ Then came the old tumbril-shaped city machine , With a Lord Mayor so fat that he made the coach lean ; Lord Waithman was scarcely a brighter man ; The wits said the old groaning wagon of state , Which for ages had carried Lord Mayors of such weight , To-day would break down with a lighter man . “ ‘ Then proud as a prince , at the head of the band Rode the city field-marshal , with truncheon in hand , Though his epaulettes lately are gone ; But he 's still fine enough to astonish the cits , And drive the economists out of their wits , From Lords Waithman and Wood , to Lord John . “ ‘ But I now left the pageant — wits , worthies , and all — And flew through the smoke to the roof of Guildhall , And perched on the grand chandelier ; The dinner was stately , the tables were full — There sat , multiplied by three thousand , John Bull , Resolved to make all disappear . “ ‘ And then came the speeches ; Lord Hunter was fine — Lord Wood , finer still — Lord Thompson , divine , The sheriffs were Ciceros a-piece ; Lord Crowther was sick , though he managed to eat What , if races were feasts , would have won him the plate ; But he tossed off a bumper to Greece . “ ‘ Then all was enchantment — all hubbub and smiles — The wit of Old Jewry , the grace of St. Giles , The force of the Billingsgate tongue : Till the eloquent Lord Mayor demanding ‘ Who malts ? ’ — The understood sign for beginning the waltz — In a fright through the ceiling I sprung . ’ ” Monthly Magazine . AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A LANDAULET . ( Concluded from page 302 .) It happened to be a dull time of year , and for some months my wheels ceased to be rotatory : I got cold and damp ; and the moths found their way to my inside : one or two persons who came to inspect me declined becoming purchasers , and peering closely at my panels , said something about “ old scratch . ” This hurt my feelings , for if my former possessor was not quite so good as she might have been , it was no fault of mine . At length , after a tedious inactivity , I was bought cheap by a young physician , who having rashly left his provincial patients to set up in London , took it into his head that nothing could be done there by a medical man who did not go upon wheels ; he therefore hired a house in a good situation , and then set me up , and bid my vendor put me down in his bill . It is quite astonishing how we flew about the streets and squares , acting great practice ; those who knew us by sight must have thought we had a great deal to do , but we practised nothing but locomotion . Some medical men thin the population , ( so says Slander ,) my master thinned nothing but his horses . They were the only good jobs that came in his way , and certainly he made the most of them . He was obliged to feed them , but he was very rarely feed himself . It so happened that nobody consulted us , and the unavoidable consumption of the family infected my master 's pocket , and his little resources were in a rapid decline . Still he kept a good heart ; indeed , in one respect , he resembled a worm displayed in a bottle in a quack 's shop window — he was never out of spirits ! He was deeply in debt , and his name was on every body 's books , always excepting the memorandum-books of those who wanted physicians . Still I was daily turned out , and though nobody called him in , he was to be seen , sitting very forward , apparently looking over notes supposed to have been taken after numerous critical cases and eventful consultations . Our own case was hopeless , our progress was arrested , an execution was in the house , servants met with their deserts and were turned off , goods were seized , my master was knocked up , and I was knocked down for one hundred and twenty pounds . Again my beauties blushed for a while unseen ; but I was new painted , and , like some other painted personages , looked , at a distance , almost as good as new . Fortunately for me , an elderly country curate , just at this period , was presented with a living , and the new incumbent thought it incumbent upon him to present his fat lady and his thin daughter with a leathern convenience . My life was now a rural one , and for ten long years nothing worth recording happened to me . Slowly and surely did I creep along green lanes , carried the respectable trio to snug , early , neighbourly dinners , and was always under lock and key before twelve o'clock . It must be owned I began to have rather an old-fashioned look ; my body was ridiculously small , and the rector 's thin daughter , the bodkin , or rather packing-needle of the party , sat more forward , and on a smaller space than bodkins do now-a-days . I was perched up three feet higher than more modern vehicles , and my two lamps began to look like little dark lanterns . But my obsoleteness rendered me only more suited to the service in which I was enlisted . Honest Roger , the red-haired coachman , would have looked like a clown in a pantomime , in front of a fashionable equipage ; and Simon the footboy , who slouched at my back , would have been mistaken for an idle urchin surreptitiously enjoying a ride . But on my unsophisticated dickey and footboard no one could doubt but that Roger and Simon were in their proper places . The rector died ; of course he had nothing more to do with the living , it passed into other hands ; and a clerical income being ( alas , that it should be so !) no inheritance , his relict suddenly plunged in widowhood and poverty , had the aggravated misery of mourning for a deaf husband , while she was conscious that the luxuries and almost the necessaries of life were for ever snatched from herself and her child . Again I found myself in London , but my beauty was gone , I had lost the activity of youth , and when slowly I chanced to creak through Long Acre , Houlditch , my very parent , who was standing at his door sending forth a new-born Britska , glanced at me scornfully , and knew me not ! I passed on heavily — I thought of former days of triumph , and there was madness in the thought I became a crazy vehicle ! straw was thrust into my inward parts , I was numbered among the fallen ,— yes , I was now a hackney-chariot , and my number was one hundred ! What tongue can tell the degradations I have endured ! The persons who familiarly have called me , the wretches who have sat in me — never can this be told . Daily I take my stand in the same vile street , and nightly am I driven to the minor theatres — to oyster-shops — to desperation ! One day , when empty and unoccupied , I was hailed by two police-officers who were bearing between them a prisoner . It was the seducer of my second ill-fated mistress ; a first crime had done its usual work , it had prepared the mind for a second , and a worse : the seducer had done a deed of deeper guilt , and I bore him one stage towards the gallows . Many months after , a female called me at midnight : she was decked in tattered finery , and what with fatigue and recent indulgence in strong liquors , she was scarcely sensible , but she possessed dim traces of past beauty . I can say nothing more of her , but that it was the fugitive wife whom I had borne to Brighton so many years ago . No words of mine could paint the living warning that I beheld . What had been the sorrows of unmerited desertion and unkindness supported by conscious rectitude , compared with the degraded guilt , the hopeless anguish , that I then saw ? I regret to say , I was last month nigh committing manslaughter ; I broke down in the Strand and dislocated the shoulder of a rich old maid . I cannot help thinking that she deserved the visitation , for , as she stepped into me in Oxford Street , she exclaimed , loud enough to be heard by all neighbouring pedestrians , “ Dear me ! how dirty ! I never was in a hackney conveyance before ! ” — though I well remembered having been favoured with her company very often . A medical gentleman happened to be passing at the moment of our fall ; it was my old medical master . He set the shoulder , and so skilfully did he manage his patient , that he is about to be married to the rich invalid , who will shoulder him into prosperity at last . I last night was the bearer of a real party of pleasure to Astley 's :— a bride and bridegroom , with the mother of the bride . It was the widow of the old rector , whose thin daughter ( by the by she is fattening fast ) has had the luck to marry the only son of a merchant well to do in the world . The voice suddenly ceased !— I awoke — the door was opened , the steps let down — I paid the coachman double the amount of his fare , and in future , whenever I stand in need of a jarvey , I shall certainly make a point of calling for number One Hundred . THE GATHERER “ A snapper-up of unconsidered trifles . ” SHAKSPEARE . BELL .— THE CRY OF THE DEER SO CALLED . I am glad of an opportunity to describe the cry of the deer by another name than braying , although the latter has been sanctioned by the use of the Scottish metrical translation of the Psalms . Bell seems to be an abbreviation of the word bellow . This sylvan sound conveyed great delight to our ancestors chiefly , I suppose , from association . A gentle knight in the reign of Henry VIII ., Sir Thomas Wortley , built Wantley Lodge , Warncliffe Forest , for the purpose , as the ancient inscription testifies , of “ Listening to the Harts ’ Bell . ” C. K. W . THE CURSE OF SCOTLAND . The origin of the nine of diamonds being called the Curse of Scotland is not generally known . It arose from the following circumstance :— The night before the battle of Culloden , the Duke of Cumberland thought proper to send orders to General Campbell not to give quarter ; and this order being despatched in much haste , was written on a card . This card happened to be the nine of diamonds , from which circumstance it got the appellation above named . W. M . POLITICAL PUNS . Among the many expedients resorted to by the depressed party in a state to indulge their sentiments safely , and probably at the same time , according to situation , to sound those of their companions , puns and other quibbles have been of notable service . The following is worthy of notice :— The cavaliers during Cromwell 's usurpation , usually put a crumb of bread into a glass of wine , and before they drank it , would exclaim with cautious ambiguity , “ God send this Crum well down ! ” A royalist divine also , during the Protectorate , did not scruple to quibble in the following prayer , which he was accustomed to deliver :— “ O Lord , who hast put a sword into the hand of thy servant , Oliver , put it into his heart ALSO — to do according to thy word . ” He would drop his voice at the word also , and , after a significant pause , repeat the concluding sentence in an under tone . W. M . Erratum at page 306 .— For Hemiptetera read HEMIPTERA . ANNUALS FOR 1830 . With No . 398 was published a SUPPLEMENT , containing the first portion of the SPIRIT OF THE ANNUALS , with a splendid Engraving of the CITY OF VERONA , and Notices of the Gem , Literary Souvenir , Friendship 's Offering , and Amulet . LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6 Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .