THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOLUME XX ., NO . 569 .] SATURDAY , OCTOBER 6 , 1832 . [ PRICE 2d . LISBON . LISBON . Lisbon , the capital of Portugal , was called by the ancients Ulyssippo , and the foundation is fabulously ascribed to Ulysses . The situation is grand , on the north bank of the river Tagus , in lat . 38 ° 42-1 / 3 ’ N ., lon . 9 ° 8-1 / 3 ’ W. The harbour , or rather road , of Lisbon , is one of the finest in the world ; and the quays are at once convenient and beautiful . On entering the river , and passing the forts of St. Julian and of Bugio , situated respectively at the extremities of the northern and southern shores , we obtain a view of Lisbon crowning the hills on the north bank , about three leagues distant above the mouth of the Tagus . The quintas or villas scattered over the country , between the villages , become more numerous the further we advance ; till , at length , on approaching Belem , an uninterrupted chain of edifices is seen extending along the margin of the noble river , to the remotest part of the ancient capital , being a distance of full six miles . Opposite Belem Castle , and on the southern shore of the Tagus , is the small fort of Torre Velha . These two forts , situated at the narrowest part of the river , guard the approach to the capital by sea ; and all vessels arriving at its port have their papers examined at Belem Castle . The salutes of ships of war are , in like manner , answered by its guns . Proceeding onward , we pass the Convent of St. Geronymo , a splendid pile of Moorish architecture , “ the picturesque appearance of the scene being heightened by groups of boats peculiar in their construction to the Tagus . ” From Belem we trace a range of buildings , connecting it with Alcantara and Buenos Ayres , and finally with the ancient city of Lisbon . Alcantara is situated at the mouth of a narrow valley opening upon the Tagus . Upon the brow of the hill , on the eastern side , is another of the royal residences , called the palace of Necessiades ; and , stretching across the valley , about a mile above this point , is the far-famed aqueduct , which conveys the chief supply of water to the capital . The new and populous quarter of Buenos Ayres ( so called from its being considered the healthiest situation around the capital ,) covers the steep hills situated in the angle formed by the Alcantara valley and the Tagus . Miss Baillie , in her amusing Letters , describes Buenos Ayres as “ a suburb of Lisbon , standing upon higher ground than the city itself , and a favourite resort of the English , being generally considered as a cooler and more cleanly ( or rather a less filthy ) situation than the latter . ” The splendid river scenery from Belem to Lisbon , the luxuriant prospect from the adjoining heights ; the city itself , with its domes , and towers , and gorgeous buildings — all this proud assemblage of nature and art — remind us that It is a goodly sight to see What Heaven hath done for this delicious land ! What fruits of fragrance blush on ev'ry tree ! What goodly prospects o'er the hill expand ; But man would mar them with an impious hand . BYRON . The Engraving represents one of the most comprehensive views of the city , obtained from an eminence crowned by the chapel of Nossa Senhora da Monte . It has been copied from one of Colonel Batty 's faithful Views , [ 1 ] and its details cannot better be explained than in the words of the clever artist : “ From this elevation , the spectator , on turning to the south , has before him the principal part of the busy capital . The Castle Hill , crowned by a variety of buildings , and encircled by the old walls of its Moorish fortifications , stands conspicuously on the left . Its northern slope is planted with olive-trees , which add to its picturesque appearance , and afford an agreeable relief to the eye in this widely extended scene of a dense and populous city . On the right hand is another range of heights , less elevated than the Castle Hill , but covered with buildings , amidst which churches , convents , and hospitals , form prominent objects . The valley , in the centre of the view , appears from this point to be choked up with an almost impenetrable labyrinth of houses . This is , however , now the most regular portion of the capital . Having been that part which suffered most severely from the great earthquake of 1755 , it has since been rebuilt upon a uniform plan , with its streets intersecting each other at right angles . In this quarter also are the two principal pracas , or squares , in the city . The largest of these is the Praca do Commercio , opening to the south upon the broad expanse of the Tagus . Here formerly stood the royal palace , which was almost instantaneously destroyed by the same memorable earthquake . The centre of this square is ornamented by an equestrian statue of King Joseph I . The other square is situated a little more to the north , about the centre of the valley . It is called the Rocio , and was formerly styled the Square of the Inquisition , from that tribunal having held its sittings in a large building at its northern extremity . The Castle Hill conceals from our view a portion of the ancient city , which , it is remarkable , escaped with comparatively trifling damage from the earthquake , though immediately contiguous to the part just described , which , in a few moments , was rendered a complete mass of ruins , burying thousands of the wretched inhabitants . Beyond the Tagus , the heights of Almada are seen bounding the view , and extending westward towards the sea . ” [ 1 ] Published by Messrs . Moon , Boys and Graves Booksellers , Pall Mall . MRS. HEMANS . ( To the Editor .) In No . 550 , of The Mirror , in some account of Mrs. Hemans , by The Author of a Tradesman 's Lays , it is erroneously stated that Mrs. Hemans is a native of Denbighshire . She was born in Liverpool , and was the daughter of Mr. George Brown , of the firm of Messrs. George and Henry Brown , extensive merchants in the Irish trade . Mr. Brown removed with his family , from Liverpool , to near Abergele , North Wales , where he resided some years . He married a Miss Wagner , daughter of Paul Wagner , Esq ., a German , and a respectable merchant in Liverpool . Mrs. Hemans 's early poems were published by subscription in 1808 ; they were beautifully printed in quarto , at the press of the late Mr. John McCreery , [ 2 ] who long resided in Liverpool . Mrs. Hemans , after her marriage , lived near St. Asaph , with her mother and brother , Sir Henry Brown ; after which she took up her residence at the village of Wavertree , three miles from Liverpool . Liverpool . A CONSTANT READER . [ 2 ] Mr. McCreery left Liverpool to reside in London , he died a short time since of cholera , at Paris . SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION . ( To the Editor .) The remarks of your Correspondent , A. Booth , in No . 567 , of The Mirror , with respect to what is generally called “ Spontaneous Combustion , ” are very just . My present object is to show that the term “ spontaneous ” as applied to the subject in question , is incorrect . Mons . Pierre Aimee Laire , in an “ Essay on Human Combustion from the abuse of Spirituous Liquors , ” states that it is the breath of the individuals coming in contact with some flame , and being thus communicated inwardly , that is the cause of the combustion , and therefore it cannot be spontaneous ; and he cites several instances of persons addicted to spirituous liquors being thus burnt . Moreover , it is stated that an anatomical lecturer , at Pisa , in the year 1597 , happening to hold a lighted candle near a subject he was dissecting , on a sudden set fire to the vapours that came out of the stomach he had just opened . In the same year , as Dr. Ruisch , then anatomical professor at Pisa , was dissecting a woman , and a student holding a candle to give him light , he no sooner opened the stomach than there issued a yellow , greenish flame . Also at Lyons , in dissecting a woman , the stomach was no sooner opened than a considerable flame burst out and filled the room . This has been accounted for by experiments made by Dr. Vulpari , anatomical professor at Bologna . He affirms that any one may see , issuing from the stomach of an animal , a matter that burns like spirits of wine , if the upper and lower orifices are bound fast with a strong thread , and the stomach being thus tied , be cut above and under the ligature , and afterwards pressed with both hands , so as to make all that it contains pass on one side , and to produce a swelling on that part which contains the incision , which must be held with the left hand , to prevent the inflammable air escaping . This hand being removed , and a candle applied about an inch from the stomach , a blueish flame will issue , which will last nearly a minute . The circumstances of the case of Grace Pitt , to which your Correspondent refers , perfectly coincide with the foregoing remarks . She was accustomed for several years to go down stairs after she was undressed , to smoke a pipe . Her daughter , who slept with her , did not miss her till the morning , when on going down stairs , she found her mother 's body extended over the hearth , and appearing like a block of wood burning with a glowing fire , without flame . She was , no doubt , in the act of lighting her pipe , either at the fire or candle , and the breath issuing from her mouth during respiration , being impregnated with the spirits she had lately drunk , caught fire , and communicated with the animal substance , also impregnated with spirit , and thus the body was destroyed . Indeed , in nearly all the cases of this nature reported , the bodies have been found on the hearth , or the persons have been left with a candle near them . The combustion of the human body in these cases is generally entirely inward , and it is very seldom that any of the contiguous articles are destroyed . In the instance mentioned above , a child 's clothes on one side of the woman , and a paper screen were untouched , and the deal floor on which she lay was not even discoloured . The most remarkable instance of this nature on record , is that of the Countess Cornelia Bandi ; she was in the sixty-second year of her age , and on the day before well as usual . After she was in bed she conversed with her maid for two or three hours , and then fell asleep . The servant on going into her chamber in the morning , saw her lady 's two feet distant from the bed , a heap of ashes , and two legs with the stockings on . Between the latter was part of the head , but the brains , half the skull , and the chin , were burnt to ashes , which , when taken up in the hand , left a greasy and offensive moisture . The bed received no damage , and the clothes were elevated on one side , as by a person rising from beneath them . She appears to have been burnt standing , from the skull being found between her legs ; the back was damaged more than the front of the head , partly because of the hair , and partly because in the face there were several openings , out of which the flames are likely to have issued . In this account it is not stated either that she was of intemperate habits , or that a candle was left in the room with her ; but the latter is very likely , she being advanced in years ; and it may be conjectured , that in rising from her bed , she caught fire . One Borelli observes , that such accidents often happen to great drinkers of wine and brandy , and that it would be of much more frequent occurrence , were it not for the natural moisture of the body . Notwithstanding this , your readers must not think that I am opposed to the “ cheerful draught : ” I would say , “ Let each indulge his genius , each be glad , Jocund and free , and swell the feast with mirth . The sprightly bowl go cheerfully round . Let none be grave , nor too severely wise ; Losses and disappointments , cares and poverty , The rich man 's insolence , and great man 's scorn , In wine be all forgotten . ” — ROWE . St. Pancras . W. A. R . RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS . EARLY PARLIAMENTS . When the Saxon government was first established in England , there was no distinction of freehold and copyhold ; the latter , according to Blackstone , was a possession acquired by a vassal subsequent to the Norman feudal system . Copyholders being thus considered as slaves , were , notwithstanding their possessions , deemed unworthy of the franchise ; and from this refinement , on the arbitrary principles of the Normans , every copyholder was deprived of a vote , unless he could claim it by some other tenure . The term borough originally meant a company consisting of ten families , which were bound together as each other 's pledge . Afterwards boroughs came to signify a town , having a wall , or some sort of enclosure round ; and all places that , in old times , had the name of boroughs , it is said , were fortified or fenced in some shape or other . In the time of the West Saxons , a parliament was holden by King Ina , by these words : “ I , Ina , King of the West Saxons , have caused all my fatherhood , aldermen , and wisest commons , with the goodly men of my kingdom , to consult of weighty matters . ” William the Conqueror , in the fourth year of his reign , called a parliament , which consisted of twelve representatives for each county , and the cities and boroughs were wholly omitted . After the battle of Lewes , in which Henry III . was defeated by the barons , they called a parliament , and made the king sign an order to summon four knights to represent each county , and four for the cities of London , York , and Lincoln . These representatives were chosen by universal suffrage of the householders , and although the king regained his authority by the subsequent defeat of the barons , two members for each county continued to be elected in the same manner till the 8th of Henry VI . In the parliament held in the 49th of Henry III ., he sent writs to the nobles and to the sheriffs of several counties , to return two knights for each county , two citizens for each city , and two burgesses for each borough . It was contrary to an ancient rule of the constitution , that any person should be allowed to vote at elections who did not reside in the place or county where the election was made ; that rule says , that “ ineddem comitata commercentes et residentes ” only shall vote ; and this was confirmed by an act of parliament , ( 1 Henry V. c . i .) but recently repealed . In 1429 , an important change was made as to the qualifications of the voters for knights of the shires . The voters were obliged to prove themselves worth 40s . per annum . Before this time , every freeholder might vote , and the vast concourse of electors brought on riots and murders . Seventy pounds would , in modern days , be barely an equivalent for our ancestors ’ 40s . The freeholders were , at the same time , directed to choose two of the fittest and most discreet knights resident in their county ; or , if none could be found , notable esquires , gentlemen by birth , and qualified to be made knights ; but no yeoman or persons of inferior rank . W. G. C . MANNERS AND CUSTOMS . MARVELLOUS CURE OF THE TOOTHACH . ( From a Correspondent .) A friend , who has recently returned from India , relates that he received a perfect cure for the toothach , in a very remarkable way . He had occasion to land on the Isle of Bourbon , at the time of his being afflicted with a tormenting toothach ; and a handkerchief being tied about his head , his appearance excited the curiosity of the natives , who approached him , and inquired , by signs and gestures , the nature of his complaint . Having been satisfied on this point , they made him understand that they could cure him , if he would consent to their method ; which he did with great willingness , as he was maddened with pain , and eager to make any experiment to gain relief . They first kindled a fire on the ground with a few dry sticks , and then directed their patient to hold the fore finger of his right hand to the tooth that was affected , while they articulated a sort of jargon among themselves . When they had finished , and the sticks were all burnt , they told him to withdraw his hand , and the pain would cease . He did so , when his joy and astonishment exceeded all bounds to find that the pain had actually left him ! This story may appear somewhat strange , yet I have no reason to doubt the veracity of my friend , who supposes that the artful natives burned some kind of herb in order to impregnate the air with its qualities , which being admitted into the cavity of the tooth , effectually removed the pain . He says he has never experienced a return of the complaint since . G. W. N . JOURNAL OF A SHERIFF OF LONDON . ( Concluded from page 198 .) “ Wednesday , Oct. 29th . This being our grand feast day , my Lord Mayor , Humphry Parsons , Esq ., sent his summons to attend at Guildhall , by ten o'clock , and that he would set out from thence , to Westminster , precisely at eleven , in order to be back to our entertainment more early . What added magnificence to this day 's Shew was , that his lordship 's coach was drawn by six horses , adorned with grand harnesses , ribbons , & c ., a sight never before seen on this occasion .— The Lord Chancellor and some of the Judges dined with us ; the whole entertainment was happily conducted with great order and decency , and the company was broken up by about one o'clock in the morning . “ Wednesday , Nov. 5th . This being the commemoration of the Gunpowder Plot , we , the sheriff 's , attended my Lord Mayor from Guildhall to St. Paul 's : and as his lordship 's coach was , on this occasion , drawn as before by six horses , which he intended to do on every public occasion , it caused a more than ordinary concourse of people in the streets . ” On Sunday , the 11th of January , Mr. Hoare , in his scarlet gown , with the Lord Mayor , and several of the aldermen , received the holy communion , in St. Lawrence 's church , in pursuance of the statutes , to qualify themselves to act as magistrates ; and on the following day , being Plough Monday , he attended the Lord Mayor at Guildhall , “ to receive the several presentments of the respective wardmote inquests of each ward ,— and at the same time to swear in all new constables for the ensuing year . ” On Wednesday , the 14th the quarter sessions commenced , “ when it is usual for the several common councilmen to take the oaths of allegiance ; ” which was done accordingly . “ Friday , February 20th . Waited on my Lord Mayor to Bow church , in my scarlet , to hear a sermon upon the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts ; to which the Archbishop of Canterbury also came in his state coach , and with grand solemnity , attended by seven or eight bishops , and great numbers of gentlemen of that society . ” The Lord Mayor ( Humphry Parsons ) died on the evening of March the 21st , 1741 ; on the 23rd , Daniel Lambert , Esq . was elected to succeed him , and the same evening he was presented to the Lord Chancellor , and approved of in the usual manner . “ Wednesday , March 15th . This day the new Lord Mayor went in grand state and procession by land to the Tower-gate , on Tower-hill , to be there presented to and sworn in before the Constable of the Tower , according to the charter and ancient custom and usage when a Lord Mayor happened , as in this case , to be chosen out of term time ; and , consequently , cannot be presented to the Barons of the Exchequer sitting at Westminster . Just at the entrance of the Tower-gate , a large booth was built up , with seats and benches at the upper end , in the middle of which the right honourable Lord Cornwallis , Constable of the Tower , was seated , attended by the officers and servants belonging to him ; to whom the Lord Mayor was conducted and presented , and sworn in the same manner as before the Barons of the Exchequer . ” On the 28th of March , being Easter Eve , the sheriff 's attended the Lord Mayor “ through the streets , to collect charity for the prisoners in the city prisons , according to annual custom ; ” and on the Monday following , they accompanied his lordship , in procession , with the rest of the court of aldermen to St. Bride 's church to hear the ‘ Spital or Hospital Sermon preached before the governors of the several hospitals and charity schools of the city ; and to which “ all the charity children of the several schools , as also those of Christ 's hospital , go in procession , and are seated in the galleries . ” This sermon is “ generally preached by a bishop , ” and that on the following day , in the same church ( which is likewise attended by the corporation ,) by a dean . On the third day in Easter week , the ‘ Spital sermon is preached by a doctor in divinity . Speaking of the Easter Entertainments , our journalist states the following particulars as the cause of their origin :— “ The original institution of those entertainments was occasioned by the Lord Mayor and the two sheriffs being accustomed to , separately , ask such of their friends who were aldermen or governors of the hospitals , whom they saw at church , to dine with them at their own houses . But in process of time , it was agreed that the Lord Mayor should invite all that were at church on the first day ; and the two sheriff 's , in their turn , on the next succeeding days . Hence , by degrees , they began to invite other of their friends ; and the aldermen bringing their ladies , other ladies were also invited , so that the private houses not being large enough , they began to entertain at their respective halls : whence it is now brought to pass , that these Easter entertainments are become the chiefest articles of expense both to the Lord Mayor and the two sheriffs . “ Monday , April 6th . The sessions began at Guildhall , but the Lord Mayor dispensed with the presence of the sheriffs , on account that we this day were obliged to attend at Westminster , where we were to make our proffers at the Exchequer by a tender of 40s . ; and which was accordingly made by one of the secondaries at the Tally-office ; by which , and the annual rent of 300l ., the citizens of London hold and enjoy the Sheriffwick of London and Middlesex according to their charter . Afterwards we entertained all the Exchequer officers , according to ancient custom , with fifty-two calves ’ heads , dressed in different manners . ” On the 20th of April the sheriffs accompanied the Lord Mayor to hold a Court Baron and Court Leet at the Mitre in St. James 's parish , in Duke'shYpppHeNplace , which is “ a franchise within the liberty of London . ” After a jury had been sworn , & c ., the names of the inhabitants being called over , those who were absent and sent no excuse were amerced , but those who sent “ their excuses by their friends , paid only leet pence . ” The court then granted licenses to the public houses , and swore in the headboroughs , constables , and other officers . On the 27th of May the sheriffs ( by invitation , they having no concern with the jurisdiction of the court ,) attended the Lord Mayor to Stratford , in Essex , and Greenwich in Kent , to hold “ his Court of Conservancy of the navigation and fishery of the River Thames , from Staines bridge , in Middlesex , down to the mouth of the river Medway , at Sheerness , beyond the Nore ; ” he “ being personally himself , by virtue of his office , the sole Conservator . ” On returning , “ a little after ten o'clock , ” the party attempted to land at the King 's Stairs at the tower , “ but they being shut , and , after waiting some time , the wardour refusing to open them , ” they were obliged to proceed to the common stairs near that fortress . “ Soon after , the major of the tower came to my Lord Mayor to acquaint him , that ‘ he was sorry for the refusal of which the wardour had been guilty , whom he had ordered to strict duty , and would oblige him to come and ask pardon for his insolence . ’ Upon this apology , it was agreed that no further notice or complaint should be made ; for it is to be known that the Lord Mayor of this city has the privilege of going through the Tower to take water , or on his landing at the King 's Stairs , sending reasonable notice of such his intention . ” At a Common Council , held on the 17th of June , it was ordered that every person who had paid the customary fine of 400l . and twenty marks more towards the maintenance of the ministers of the several prisons of this city , ” with the usual fees , should be exempted for ever from serving the office of sheriff , “ unless he should at any time become an alderman . ” Previously to that act , the payment of the fine excused only for one year . “ Tuesday , June 23rd . Attended the Lord Mayor to a court of aldermen , at which Abel Aldridge , who had been nominated for sheriff , came with six Compurgators , and , ( according to the act of Common Council , Sir J. Barnard , Mayor ,) swore he was not of the value of 15 , 000l . in money and separate debts ; and his Compurgators swearing also , that they believed what he swore to be true , he was excused from serving the said office , without payment of any fine . ” On the 22nd of August the sheriffs waited on the Lord Mayor at Guildhall , “ and from thence went in procession to Smithfield , with city officers and trumpets to proclaim Bartholomew Fair . ” On the 2nd of September , “ this day being kept solemn in commemoration of the fire of London , ” they went to St. Paul 's in their “ black gowns , and no chains , and heard a sermon on the said occasion . ” On the 8th of September the sheriffs waited on the Lord Mayor , in procession , “ the city music going before , to proclaim Southwark Fair , as it is commonly called , although the ceremony is no more than our going in our coaches through the Borough , and turning round by Saint George 's church , back again to the Bridge House ; and this to signify the license to begin the fair . ” The journalist adds :— “ On this day the sword-bearer wears a fine embroidered cap , said to have been worked and presented to the city by a monastery . ” “ Monday , September 21st , being St. Matthew 's Day , waited on my Lord Mayor to the great hall in Christ 's Hospital , where we were met by several of the presidents and governors of the other hospitals within the city ; and being seated at the upper end , the children passed two by two , whom we followed to the church , and after hearing a sermon , came back to the grammar school , where two boys made speeches in commemoration of their benefactors , one in English , the other in Latin ; to each of whom it is customary for the Lord Mayor to give one guinea , and the two sheriffs half-a-guinea a piece , as we did . Afterwards , the clerk of the hospital delivered to the Lord Mayor a list of the several governors to the several hospitals nominated the preceding year . Then the several beadles of all the hospitals came in , and laying down their staves on the middle of the floor , retired to the bottom of the hall . Thereupon the Lord Mayor addressed himself to the City Marshal , enquiring after their conduct , and if any complaint was to be made against any one in particular ; and no objection being made , the Lord Mayor ordered them to take up their staves again : all which is done in token of their submission to the chief magistrate , and that they hold their places at his will , though elected by their respective governors . We were afterwards treated in the customary manner with sweet cakes and burnt wine . ” The shrievalty of Mr. Hoare , and his brother officer , expired on the 28th of September , and about seven o'clock in the evening the indentures with the new sheriffs were executed at Guildhall , “ and the charge of the gaols and all other trusts relating to this great and hazardous , though otherwise honourable , employment , delivered over to them . And after being regaled with sack and walnuts , I returned to my own house in my private capacity , to my great consolation and comfort . ” In concluding this account of a manuscript , which illustrates so many of the customs and privileges of the city , it should be mentioned that it includes various notices of the treats or dinners which the Lord Mayor and the sheriffs give by turns to the judges , sergeants , & c. at the beginning and end of the respective terms ; as well as of the manner of delivering petitions to the House of Commons , which is generally done by the sheriff ; the city having a right to present petitions by an officer of its own , and without the intervention of any member . THE NATURALIST . THE NIGHTINGALE . The nightingale is universally admitted to be the most enchanting of warblers ; and many might be tempted to encage the mellifluous songster , but for the supposed difficulty of procuring proper food for it . In the village of Cossey , near Norwich , an individual has had a nightingale in cage since last April ; it is very healthy and lively , and has been wont to charm its owner with its sweet and powerful strains . The bird appears about two years old : it has gone through this year 's moulting . It is kept in a darksome cage , with three sides wood , and the fourth wired . The bottom of the cage is covered with moss . Its constant food is a paste , which is composed of fresh beef or mutton , scraped fine with a knife , and in equal portions mixed with the yolk of an egg boiled hard . The owner , however , about once a-day , gives it also a mealworm ; he does not think this last dainty to be necessary , but only calculated to keep the nightingale in better spirits . The paste should be changed before it becomes sour and tainted . PHILOMELOS . NOTES Abridged from the Magazine of Natural History . Silkworm .— ( By a Correspondent .) — It has occurred to me , and I have not seen it remarked elsewhere , as a striking and interesting peculiarity of this insect , that it does not wander about as all other caterpillars do , but that it is nearly stationary in the open box or tray where it is placed and fed : after consuming the immediate supply of mulberry leaves , it waits patiently for more being provided . I apprehend this cannot be said of any other insect whatever . This docile quality of the worm harmonizes beautifully with its vast importance to mankind , in furnishing a material which affords our most elegant and beautiful , if not most useful , of garments . The same remark applies to the insect in the fly or moth state , the female being quite incapable of flight , and the male , although of a much lighter make , and more active , can fly but very imperfectly ; the latter circumstance ensures to us the eggs for the following season , and thus completes the adaptation of the insect , in its different stages , to the useful purpose it is destined to fulfil for our advantage . The Possibility of introducing and naturalizing that beautiful Insect the Fire Fly .— It abounds not only in Canada , where the winters are so severe , but in the villages of the Vaudois in Piedmont . These are a poor people much attached to the English : and , at 10s . a dozen , would , no doubt , deliver in Paris , in boxes properly contrived , any number of these creatures , in every stage of their existence , and even in the egg , should that be desired : and if twenty dozen were turned out in different parts of England , there cannot remain a doubt but that , in a few years , they would be common through the country ; and , in our summer evenings , be exquisitely beautiful . Vigne , in his Six Months in America , says :— “ At Baltimore I first saw the fire-fly . They begin to appear about sunset , after which they are sparkling in all directions . In some places ladies wear them in their hair , and the effect is said to be very brilliant . Mischievous boys will sometimes catch a bull-frog , and fasten them all over him . They show to great advantage ; while the poor frog , who cannot understand the ‘ new lights ’ that are breaking upon him , affords amusement to his tormentors by hopping about in a state of desperation . ” The Vampire Bat .— Bishop Heber 's opinion of the innocence of this creature by no means agrees with what one has read of his bloodthirsty habits ; and particularly the instances given by Captain Stedman , in his Travels of Surinam , who , more than once , individually , experienced the inconvenience of the Sangrado system of blood-letting , or , more properly , blood-taking , pursued by this practitioner . “ Non missura cutern , nisi plena cruoris hirudo . ” HOR . “ This leech will suck the vein , until From your heart 's blood he gets his fill . ” In answer to a query , “ whether the vampire of India and that of South America be of one species , ” Mr. Waterton replies , “ I beg to say that I consider them distinct species . I have never yet seen a bat from India with a membrane rising perpendicularly from the end of its nose ; nor have I ever been able to learn that bats in India suck animals , though I have questioned many people on this subject . I could only find two species of bats in Guiana , with a membrane rising from the nose . Both these kinds suck animals and eat fruit ; while those bats without a membrane on the nose seem to live entirely upon fruit and insects , but chiefly insects . A gentleman , by name Walcott , from Barbadoes , lived high up the river Demerara . While I was passing a day or two at his house , the vampires sucked his son a boy of about ten or eleven years old , some of his fowls and his jack-ass . The youth showed me his forehead at daybreak : the wound was still bleeding apace , and I examined it with minute attention . The poor ass was doomed to be a prey to these sanguinary imps of night : he looked like misery steeped in vinegar . I saw , by the numerous sores on his body , and by his apparent debility , that he would soon sink under his afflictions . Mr. Walcott told me that it was with the greatest difficulty he could keep a few fowls , on account of the smaller vampire ; and that the larger kind were killing his poor ass by inches . It was the only quadruped he had brought up with him into the forest . “ Although I was so long in Dutch Guiana and visited the Orinoco and Cayenne , and ranged through part of the interior of Portuguese Guiana , still I could never find out how the vampires actually draw the blood ; and , at this day , I am as ignorant of the real process as though I had never been in th « vampire 's country . I should not feel so mortified at my total failure in attempting the discovery , had . I not made such diligent search after the vampire , and examined its haunts . Europeans may consider as fabulous the stories related of the vampire ; but , for my own part , I must believe in its powers of sucking blood from living animals , as I have repeatedly seen both men and beasts which had been sucked , and , moreover , I have examined very minutely their bleeding wounds . “ Wishful of having it in my power to say that I had been sucked by the vampire , and not caring for the loss of ten or twelve ounces of blood , I frequently and designedly put myself in the way of trial . But the vampire seemed to take a personal dislike to me ; and the provoking brute would refuse to give my clavet one solitary trial , though he would tap the more favoured Indian 's toe , in a hammock within a few yards of mine . For the space of eleven months , I slept alone in the loft of a woodcutter 's abandoned house in the forest ; and though the vampire came in and out every night , and I had the finest opportunity of seeing him , as the moon shone through apertures where windows had once been , I never could be certain that I saw him make a positive attempt to quench his thirst from my veins , though he often hovered over the hammock . ” THE STORK Is now rarely seen in Britain ; one was killed a short time since in the neighbourhood of Ethie House , and is to be seen in Mr. Mollison 's Museum , Bridge-street , Montrose . The editor of the Montrose Review believes that a stork had not been killed in Scotland since the year 1766 . FINE ARTS . THE GRAVE OF TITIAN . QVI GIACE IL GRAN TIZIANO DE VECELLI EMULATOR DE ZEUSI E DEGLI APELLI . Beneath this plain sepulchral stone , in the church of Santa Maria de Frari , at Venice — rest the ashes of TITIAN , the prince of the Venetian school of painters , and who , “ was worthy of being waited upon by C æ sar . ” Yes , this alone denotes his grave at the foot dell'Altare di Crocisfisso . Titian was born at a sequestered town in the Alps of Friuli , in the year 1477 , his father being of the ancient family of Vecelli . He began very early to show a turn for drawing , and designed a figure of the Virgin , with the juice of flowers , the only colours probably within his reach . He was the scholar of Giovanni Bellino , but adopted the manner of Giorgione so successfully , that to several portraits their respective claims could not be ascertained . The Duke of Ferrara was so attached to Titian , that he frequently invited him to accompany him in his barge from Venice to Ferrara . At the latter place he became acquainted with Ariosto . In 1647 , at the invitation of Charles V. Titian joined the imperial court . The emperor then advanced in years sat to him for the third time . During the time of sitting , Titian happened to drop one of his pencils , the emperor took it up ; and on the artist expressing how unworthy he was of such an honour , Charles replied , “ that Titian was worthy of being waited upon by C æ sar . ” But , “ to reckon up the protectors and friends of Titian , would be to name nearly all the persons of the age , to whom rank , talent , and exalted character , appertained . Being full of years and honours , he fell a victim to the plague in 1576 , at the age of ninety-nine . To perpetuate his memory , the artists at Venice proposed celebrating his obsequies , with great pomp and magnificence in the church of St. Luke , the programme of which is given at length , by Ridolfi ; but , owing to the prevalence of the plague , no funeral ceremony was allowed by the state : the authorities , however , made an exception in Titian 's favour , and suffered him to be buried in the church of Friari , as we have stated . ” Sir Abraham Hume , the accomplished annotator of the Life and Works of Titian , observes : “ It appears to be generally understood that Titian had , in the different periods of life , three distinct manners of painting ; the first hard and dry , resembling his master , Giovanni Bellino ; the second , acquired from studying the works of Giorgione , was more bold , round , rich in colour , and exquisitely wrought up ; the third was the result of his matured taste and judgment , and properly speaking , may be termed his own ; in which he introduced more cool tints into the shadows and flesh , approaching nearer to nature than the universal glow of Giorgione . ” After stating what little is known of the mechanical means employed by Titian in the colouring of his pictures , Sir Abraham observes : “ Titian 's grand secret of all , appears to have consisted in the unremitting exercise of application , patience , and perseverance , joined to an enthusiastic attachment to his art : his custom was to employ considerable time in finishing his pictures , working on them repeatedly , till he brought them to perfection ; and his maxim was , that whatever was done in a hurry , could not be well done . ” In manners and character , as well as talent , Titian may not inappropriately be associated with “ the most eminent painter this country ever produced ” — Sir Joshua Reynolds . HOSPITAL OF ST. CROSS , HANTS . ( The Church .) This is one of the most interesting structures in Great Britain . It stands about one mile west from Winchester , on the banks of the river Itchin . Its architectural character is of the first importance in illustrating the superior skill of our ancestors ; while it has retained more of its original character than any similar record of ancient piety and charity in our island . Dr. Milner , in allusion to its principal features , observes : “ the lofty tower , with the grated door , and porter 's lodge beneath it ; the retired ambulatory ; the separate cells ; the common refectory ; the venerable church ; the black flowing dress and the silver cross worn by the members ; the conventual appellation of brother , with which they salute each other ; in short , the silence , the order , and the neatness , that here reign , seem to recall the idea of a monastery to those who have seen one , and will give no imperfect idea of such an establishment to those who have not had that advantage . "[ 3 ] St. Cross , however , “ never was a monastery , but only an hospital for the support of ancient and infirm men , living together in a regular and devout manner . ” The original founder was Henry de Blois , bishop of Winchester , who instituted it , between the years 1132 and 1136 ; and required that “ thirteen poor men , so decayed and past their strength that without charitable assistance they cannot maintain themselves , shall abide continually in the hospital , who shall be provided with proper clothing and beds suitable to their infirmities ; and shall have an allowance daily of good wheat bread , good beer , three messes each for dinner , and one for supper . That beside these thirteen poor , a hundred other poor , of modest behaviour and the most indigent that can be found , shall be received daily at dinner-time , and shall have each a loaf of coarser bread , one mess , and a proper allowance of beer , with leave to carry away with them whatever remains of their meat and drink after dinner . ” They were to dine in a hall appointed for the purpose , and called Hundred Mennes Hall , from this circumstance . The establishment also contained an endowment for a master , a steward , four chaplains , thirteen clerks , and seven choristers . But , in those “ good old times , ” abuses in institutions formed for the best and wisest purposes were not uncommon ; and in the case of St. Cross , so early did evil begin to counteract good , that , in little more than two centuries from its foundation , the revenues assigned for the annual fulfilment of the founder 's wishes , were grossly misapplied . They had increased in value , and the masters and brethren of the hospital of St. John of Jerusalem , who were guardians and administrators , seized the surplus and put it into their own pockets . Bishop Wykeham , who was appointed to the see of Winchester , in 1366 , set about the reform of these abuses , which he was enabled to do by his canonical jurisdiction :— “ he determined that the whole revenue of the hospital should be dedicated to the poor , as was the intention of the founder , and having in vain tried admonition and remonstrance , summoned the four masters to appear before him and answer for their stewardship . They were bold enough to set Wykeham at defiance , and availed themselves of all the subtleties of the law , and of all manner of evasion , by appeal and otherwise , to thwart and throw him . The upright bishop persisted — he called them to the severest account — had them fined , and till they made restitution , excommunicated — and finally restored the whole endowment to its primitive purpose . "[ 4 ] The propriety and good effects of Wykeham 's restoration were so apparent , that his successor , Cardinal Beaufort , having determined to engage in some permanent charity , resolved rather to enlarge this institution , than to found a new one . “ He therefore endowed it for the additional support of two priests , and thirty-five poor men , who were to become residents , and three hospital nuns , who were to attend upon the sick brethren : he also caused a considerable portion of the hospital to be rebuilt . "[ 5 ] Of the present establishment we shall presently speak in detail . “ The hospital , ” says Lowth , “ though much diminished in its revenues , by what means I cannot say , yet still subsists upon the remains of both endowments . ” The buildings of the hospital composed two courts ; but the south side of the interior quadrangle has been pulled down . The entrance to the first court from the north is through a capacious gateway . [ 6 ] On the east side is the + Hundred-Mennes Hall +, which is about forty feet long , and has been converted into a brewhouse ; the roof is of Irish oak , and left open to the timbers , adjoining are the master 's apartments . On the west is a range of offices ; and , on the south , with portions of other buildings , is the lofty and handsome tower gateway , erected by Cardinal Beaufort , whose statue , in his Cardinal 's habit , is represented kneeling in an elegant niche in the upper part : two other niches , of the same form , but deprived of their statues , appear also on the same level . Milner describes the embellishments of this tower : “ in a cornice over the gates we behold the Cardinal 's hat displayed , together with the busts of his father , John of Gaunt , of his royal nephews , Henry IV . and Henry V ., and of his predecessor , Wykeham : in the spandrils , on each side , are the founder 's arms . The centre boss in the groining of the gateway is carved into a curious cross , composed of leaves , and surrounded with a crown of thorns : on the left is the door of the porter 's lodge . [ 7 ] Passing through this gateway , the spectator sees , on his right , a long line of buildings , of the age of the original foundation , for the use of the brethren , each of whom has a house and garden to himself . On the left is an ambulatory , or cloister , 135 feet in length , and extending to the church on the south-east . Above the ambulatory is the ancient infirmary , and chambers called the Nuns 's rooms , from their having been allotted to three hospital sisters on the foundation of Cardinal Beaufort . The centre of the court has a grass-plot , and gravel walks intersecting parterres of flowers , shrubs , & c . ” Dr. Milner observes “ the present establishment of St. Cross is but the wreck of its two ancient institutions ; it having been severely fleeced , though not quite destroyed , like so many other hospitals at the Reformation . Instead of seventy residents , as well clergy as laity , who were here entirely supported , besides one hundred out-members , who daily received their meat and drink , the charity consists at present but of ten residing brethren and three out-pensioners , exclusive of one chaplain and the master . It is true , however , that certain “ doles ” of bread continue to be distributed to the poor of the neighbourhood ; and what is , perhaps , the only vestige left in the kingdom of the simplicity and hospitality of ancient times , the porter is daily furnished with a certain quantity of good bread and beer , of which every traveller , or other person whosoever , that knocks at the lodge , and calls for relief , is entitled to partake gratuitously . ” Such was the state of the charity when Dr. Milner wrote , or , in the year 1809 . Our Correspondent , P. Q . has furnished us with the following information to the 20th of last May . “ The funds of this hospital are very ample ; for , after providing the master ( the present Earl of Guildford )[ 8 ] with a liberal sinecure , supporting the brethren and servants , and upholding the very extensive buildings , there are distributed the following ‘ doles : ’ “ On the 3rd of May , 10th of August , and the eve of the festivals of Easter , Whitsuntide , and Christmas , annually , the whole of the brethren and the steward of the house assemble and form two lines or ranks , at sunset , within the door of the outer gateway ; when , to every person ( even to infants ) who applies at the gate , is given a loaf of brown bread , weighing about three pounds . This distribution is continued until all the bread is given away ; and if the applicants should exceed the loaves in number , to each of the remaining persons is given an halfpenny , be they ever so numerous . “ These ‘ doles ’ are very beneficial to the poor of Winchester and vicinity ; for to all who attend and obtain an early admission a loaf is given . I know , that when I was a boy , and never missed going to the ‘ doles , ’ some families , where the children were numerous , received from seven to ten loaves . “ Likewise every traveller who applies at the porter 's lodge at the outer gate of this hospital is entitled to , and receives , a horn of good beer and a loaf or slice of bread . This demand is frequently made by persons of a different quality from that intended by the founder , for the sake of attesting the peculiarity of the custom . The quantity of bread given to each person is about four ounces — of beer about three-fourths of a pint . ” We next proceed to describe the exterior of the venerable church : the interior will form the subject of a future article . On entering the second court the first object that usually attracts attention is the Church of St. Cross , which extends a considerable distance into the court , and destroys its regularity on the east side . The exterior of the church is not altogether imposing . “ The windows , with one exception , are seen to disadvantage from without , and the whole building is enveloped in a shroud of yellow gravelly plaister , strangely dissonant with ideas of Norman masonry . "[ 9 ] The church is built in the cathedral form , with a nave and transept , and a low and massive tower , rising from the intersection : the whole length of the church is 150 feet ; the length of the transept is 120 feet . The architecture of this structure is singularly curious , and deserving the attention of the antiquary , as it appears to throw a light on the progress , if not on the origin , of the pointed or English style . Our Correspondent states the whole to have been repaired about twenty-two years since , at a very considerable expense . [ 3 ] Milner 's Winchester , vol . ii . p. 141 . [ 4 ] Life of Wykeham . By Allan Cunningham — in the Family Library . The reference to the “ four masters ” is evidently an error . [ 5 ] Beauties of England and Wales , vol . vi . p. 108 , Hants . Mr. Cunningham states these additions to have been made by Wykeham . We shall presently come to the details of Beaufort 's additions to the building . [ 6 ] A zealous Correspondent , P. Q ., whose contribution appears in the next page , describes this gateway as resembling St. John 's Gate , Clerkenwell , which Mr. Malcom thinks “ one of the most perfect remains of monastic buildings in London . ” It consists of one capacious arch , with an arched mullioned window in the centre above it ; and is flanked by two square towers . From this place issued the early numbers of the Gentleman 's Magazine ; and a wood-cut of the building appears to this day on the wrapper of that valuable work , which , for knowledge and utility , is as superior to the Magazine frippery of the present day as Michael Angelo to John Nash . [ 7 ] Milner 's Winchester , vol . ii . p. 146 . [ 8 ] The present Earl succeeded to the title on the death of his cousin , Francis , the learned Chancellor of the University of the Ionian Islands , founded by himself , and which he richly endowed with a noble bequest and a splendid library . His Lordship is Rector of St. Mary 's , Southampton , Old and New Abresford and Medstead , in Hampshire , a Prebendary of Winchester , and Master of St. Cross , Hospital . Among many famous men who have presided over the Hospital , was Colonel John Lisle , of Moyles Court , Regicide , and M. P . for the City of Winchester . [ 9 ] From a paper in The Crypt , an antiquarian journal , printed at Ringwood , Hants , in the year 1827 . The writer observes that Dr. Milner has uniformly applied the term Saxon to the circular arches in this structure , as well as to similar specimens ; but subsequent topographers have arrived at the more probable conclusion , that very slight remains , if any , now exist of ecclesiastical edifices by the Saxons . THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . SCRAPS FROM THE DIARY OF A TRAVELLER . BY THOMAS MOORE , ESQ . O poets , poets , dream at home , If you would still have visions haunt you ; Trust me , if once abroad you roam , That mar-all , Truth , will disenchant you . Still think of VENICE , as in dreams You 've seen her , by her ocean-streams ;— Fancy the calm and cool delights Of gondolas on summer nights : Of sailing o'er the bright Lagoon , And listening , as you glide along , To lays from TASSO , by that moon Whose beams , alas ! he felt too strong , And of whose mad'ning philters all , Who feel the Muse 's genuine call , Are doom 'd , at times , to drink as deep , As did Endymion in his sleep ! Still by your fire-sides sit , and think Of palaces , along the brink Of ocean-floods ,— whose shadows there Look like the ruins , grand and fair , Of some lost ATALANTIS , seen Beneath the wave , when heaven 's serene . People those palaces with forms Lovely as TITIAN ever drew — Bright creatures , whom the sunbeam warms With that ethereal gas , all through . Which finds a vent at lips and eyes , And lights up in a lover 's sighs . Fancy these young Venetian maids Listening , at night , to serenades From amorous lutes , where Music , such As southern skies alone afford , Echoes to every burning touch , And thrills in each impassion 'd chord . All this imagine , and still more ,— For whither may not Fancy soar , If Truth do not , alas ! too soon , Puncture her brilliant air-balloon — But go not to the spot , I pray ; O do not , do not , some fine day . Order , like STERNE , your travelling breeches ;— All 's lost , if once upon your way , The passport of Lord —— Is death to Fancy — like his speeches . If you would save some dreams of youth From the torpedo touch of Truth , Go not to VENICE — do not blight Your early fancies with the sight Of her true , real , dismal state — Her mansions , foul and desolate ,— Her close canals , exhaling wide Such fetid airs as — with those domes Of silent grandeur , by their side , Where step of life ne'er goes or comes , And those black barges plying round With melancholy , plashing sound ,— Seem like a city , where the Pest Is holding her last visitation , And all , ere long , will be at rest , The dead , sure rest of desolation . So look 'd , at night-fall , oft to me That ruin 'd City of the Sea ; And , as the gloomy fancy grew Still darker with night 's darkening hue , All round me seem 'd by Death o'ercast ,— Each footstep in those halls the last ; And the dim boats , as slow they pass 'd , All burial-barks , with each its load Of livid corpses , feebly row 'd By fading hands , to find a bed In waters less choked up with dead .— Metropolitan . ON THE DEATH OF SIR WALTER SCOTT . By the Author of “ Eugene Aram . ” The blow is struck — the lyre is shattered — the music is hushed at length . The greatest — the most various — the most commanding genius of modern times has left us to seek for that successor to his renown which , in all probability , a remote generation alone will furnish forth . It is true that we have been long prepared for the event — it does not fall upon us suddenly — leaf after leaf was stripped from that noble tree before it was felled to the earth at last ;— our sympathy in his decay has softened us to the sorrow for his death . It is not now our intention to trace the character or to enumerate the works of the great man whose career is run ;— to every eye that reads — every ear that hears — every heart that remembers , this much at least , of his character is already known ,— that he had all the exuberance of genius and none of its excesses ; that he was at once equitable and generous — that his heart was ever open to charity — that his life has probably been shortened by his scrupulous regard for justice . His career was one splendid refutation of the popular fallacy , that genius has of necessity vices — that its light must be meteoric — and its courses wayward and uncontrolled . He has left mankind two great lessons ,— we scarcely know which is the most valuable . He has taught us how much delight one human being can confer upon the world ; he has taught us also that the imagination may aspire to the wildest flights without wandering into error . Of whom else among our great list of names — the heir-looms of our nation — can we say that he has left us everything to admire , and nothing to forgive ? It is in four different paths of intellectual eminence that Sir Walter Scott has won his fame ; as a poet , a biographer , an historian , and a novellist . It is not now a time ( with the great man 's clay scarce cold ) to enter into the niceties of critical discussion . We cannot now weigh , and sift , and compare . We feel too deeply at this moment to reason well — - but we ourselves would incline to consider him greatest as a poet . Never , indeed , has there been a poet so thoroughly Homeric as Scott — the battle — the feast — the council — the guard-room at Stirling — the dying warrior at Flodden — the fierce Bertram speeding up the aisle — all are Homeric ;— all live — move — breathe and burn — alike poetry , but alike life ! There is this difference , too , marked and prominent — between his verse and his prose ;— the first is emphatically the verse of Scott — the latter ( we mean in its style ) may be the prose of any one — the striking originality , the daring boldness , the astonishing vigour of the style , in the Lay of the Last Minstrel , are lost in The Antiquary and Guy Mannering . Scott may be said , in prose , to have no style . There are those , we know , who call this very absence of style a merit — we will not dispute it : if it be so , Scott is the first great prose writer from Bacon to Gibbon ,— nay , from Herodotus , in Greek , to Paul Courier , in French — who has laid claim to it . For our own part , we think him great , in spite of the want of style , and not because of it . As a biographer , he has been unfortunate in his subjects ; the two most important of the various lives he has either delineated or sketched — that of Dryden and that of Swift — are men , to whose inexpiable baseness genius could neither give the dignity of virtue nor the interest of error . As an historian , we confess that we prize him more highly than as a biographer : it is true that the same faults are apparent in both , but there is in the grand History of Napoleon more scope for redeeming beauties . His great , his unrivalled , excellence in description is here brought into full and ample display : his battles are vivid , with colours which no other historian ever could command . And all the errors of the history still leave scenes and touches of unrivalled majesty to the book . As a novelist , Scott has been blamed for not imparting a more useful moral to his fictions , and for dwelling with too inconsiderate an interest on the chivalric illusions of the past . To charges of this nature all writers are liable . Mankind are divided into two classes ; and he who belongs to the one will ever incur the reproach of not seeing through the medium of the other . Certain it is , that we , with utterly different notions on political truths from the great writer who is no more , might feel some regret — some natural pain — that that cause which we believe the best , was not honoured by his advocacy ; but when we reflect on the real influence of his works , we are satisfied they have been directed to the noblest ends , and have embraced the largest circle of human interests . We do not speak of the delight he has poured forth over the earth — of the lonely hours he has charmed — of the sad hearts he has beguiled — of the beauty and the music which he has summoned to a world where all travail and none repose ; this , indeed , is something — this , indeed , is a moral — this , indeed , has been a benefit to mankind . And this is a new corroborant of one among the noblest of intellectual truths , viz . that the books which please , are always books that , in one sense , benefit ; and that the work which is largely and permanently popular — which sways , moulds , and softens the universal heart — cannot appeal to vulgar and unworthy passions ( such appeals are never widely or long triumphant !) ; the delight it occasions is a proof of the moral it inspires . But this power to charm and to beguile is not that moral excellence to which we refer . Scott has been the first great genius — Fielding alone excepted — who invited our thorough and uncondescending sympathy to the wide mass of the human family — who has stricken ( for in this artificial world it requires an effort ) into our hearts a love and a respect for those chosen from the people . Shakspeare has not done this — Shakspeare paints the follies of the mob with a strong and unfriendly hand . Where , in Skakspeare , is there a Jeanie Deans ? Take up which you will of those numerous works which have appeared , from Waverley to the Chronicles of the Canongate ,— open where you please , you will find portraits from the people — and your interest keeping watch beside the poor man 's hearth . Not , in Scott , as they were in the dramatists of our language , are the peasant , the artificer , the farmer , dragged on the stage merely to be laughed at for their brogue , and made to seem ridiculous because they are useful . He paints them , it is true , in their natural language , but the language is subservient to the character ; he does not bow the man to the phrase , but the phrase to the man . Neither does he flatter on the one hand , as he does not slight on the other . Unlike the maudlin pastoralists of France he contents himself with the simple truth — he contrasts the dark shadows of Meg Merrilies , or of Edie Ochiltree , with the holy and pure lights that redeem and sanctify them — he gives us the poor , even to the gipsey and the beggar , as they really are — contented , if our interest is excited , and knowing that nature is sufficient to excite it . From the palaces of kings — from the tents of warriors , he comes — equally at home with man in all aspects — to the cotter 's hearth :— he bids us turn from the pomp of the Plantagenets to bow the knee to the poor Jew 's daughter — he makes us sicken at the hollowness of the royal Rothsay , to sympathize with the honest love of Hugh the smith . No never was there one — not even Burns himself — who forced us more intimately to acknowledge , or more deeply to feel , that “ The rank is but the guinea stamp , The man 's the gowd , for a ’ that . ” Scott , is not , we apprehend , justly liable to the charge of wanting a sound moral — even a great political moral — ( and political morals are the greatest of all ) — in the general tenor of works which have compelled the highest classes to examine and respect the lowest . In this , with far less learning , far less abstract philosophy , than Fielding , he is only exceeded by him in one character — ( and that , indeed , the most admirable in English fiction ) — the character of Parson Adams . Jeanie Deans is worth a thousand such as Fanny Andrews . Fielding , Le Sage , and Cervantes are the only three writers , since the world began , with whom , as a novelist , he can be compared . And perhaps he excels them , as Voltaire excelled all the writers of his nation , not by the superior merits of one work , but by the brilliant aggregate of many . Tom Jones , Gil Blas , Don Quixote , are , without doubt , greater , much greater , productions than Waverley ; but the authors of Tom Jones , Gil Blas , and even of Don Quixote , have not manifested the same fertile and mighty genius as author of the Waverley Novels . And that genius — seemingly so inexhaustible — is quenched at length ! We can be charmed no more — the eloquent tongue is mute — the master 's wand is broken up — the right hand hath forgot its cunning-the cord that is loosened was indeed of silver — and the bowl that is broken at the dark well was of gold beyond all price . When a great man dies , he leaves a chasm which eternity cannot fill . Others succeed to his fame — but never to the exact place which he held in the world 's eye ;— they may be greater than the one we have lost — but they are not he . Shakspeare built not his throne on the same site as Homer — nor Scott on that whence Shakspeare looked down upon the universe . The gap which Scott leaves in the world is the token of the space he filled in the homage of his times . A hundred ages hence our posterity will still see that wide interval untenanted — a vast and mighty era in the intellectual world , which will prove how spacious were “ the city and the temple , whose summit has reached to Heaven . ” New Monthly Magazine . TO A ROSE . THE THOUGHT FROM THE ITALIAN . Queen of Flora 's emerald bowers , Imperial Rose , thou flower of flowers , Wave thy moss-enwreathen stem , Wave thy dewy diadem ; Thy crimson luxury unfold , And drink the sunny blaze of gold . O'er the Zephyr , sportive minion , Spreads the blue , aurelian pinion . Now in love 's low whispers winging , Now in giddy fondness clinging , With all a lover 's warmth he wooes thee , With all a lover 's wiles pursues thee . And thou wilt yield , and thou wilt give The sigh that none can breathe and live . Like lovelier things , deluded flower , Thy date is short ; the very hour That sees thee flourish , sees thee fade ; Thy blush , thy being , all a shade . Yet , flower , I 'll lay thee on a shrine , That makes thy very death divine . Couch 'd on a bed of living snows , Then breathe thy last , too happy rose ! Sweet Queen , thou'lt die upon a throne , Where even thy sweetness is outdone ; Young weeper , thou shalt close thine eyes Beside the gates of Paradise . On my Idalia 's bosom , thou , Beneath the lustres of her brow , Like pilgrims , all their sorrows past , On Heaven their dying glances cast , Thy crimson beauty shalt recline , Oh , that thy rapturous fate were mine ! Blackwood 's Magazine . NEW BOOKS . LIVES OF SCOTTISH WORTHIES , VOL . II ., [ Or the 34th volume of the Family Library , is rife with interesting details of the proudest areas of Scottish history ; but more especially of the chivalric courses of Robert Bruce and James the First . We quote half-a-dozen vividly written pages , from the former , describing the memorable Siege of Berwick , in 1319 .] Considering the importance of Berwick , and the care and expense with which it had been fortified by the king , it was natural that any attempt against it should be viewed with much interest ; and when it was known that the son-in-law of Bruce ,— a young warrior , whose high rank was rendered more conspicuous by the services he had already rendered to the country ,— had been selected as its governor , and that the whole army of England , headed by king Edward , and under the command of the flower of the nobility , had invested it by sea and land , the intense interest with which the siege was watched by both countries may be easily imagined . It concluded , however , in the complete triumph of the steward , and the repulse of the English army ; yet not before every device then known in the rude engineering of the times had been essayed by the besiegers , and effectually baffled by the ingenuity and persevering courage of the enemy . After their earthen mounds had been completed , the English , on St. Mary 's eve , made a simultaneous assault both by land and by sea . Whilst their force , led by the bravest of their captains , and carrying with them , besides their usual offensive arms , the ladders , crows , pick-axes , and other assistances for an escalade , rushed onwards to the walls with the sound of their trumpets , and the display of innumerable banners , a large vessel , prepared for the purpose , was towed towards the town from the mouth of the river . She was filled with armed soldiers , a party of whom were placed in her boat drawn up mid-mast high ; whilst to the bow of the boat was fixed a species of drawbridge , which it was intended to drop upon the wall , and thus afford a passage from the vessel into the town . Yet these complicated preparations failed of success , although seconded by the greatest gallantry ; and the English , after being baffled in every attempt to fix their ladders and maintain themselves upon the walls , were compelled to retire , leaving their vessel to be burnt by the Scots , who slew many of her crew , and made prisoner the engineer who superintended and directed the attack . This unsuccessful attack was , after five days ’ active preparation , followed by another still more desperate , in which the besiegers made use of a huge machine moving upon wheels , and including several platforms or stages , which held various parties of armed soldiers , who were defended by a strong roofing of boards and hides , beneath which they could work their battering-rams with impunity . To co-operate with this unwieldy and bulky instrument , which , from its shape and covering , they called a “ sow , ” movable scaffolds had been constructed , of such a height as to overtop the walls , from which they proposed to storm the town ; and , instead of a single vessel , as on the former occasion , a squadron of ships , with their top castles manned by picked bodies of archers , and their armed boats slung mast high , were ready to sail in with the tide , and anchor beneath the walls . Aware of these great preparations , the Scots , under the encouragement and direction of their governor , laboured incessantly to be in a situation to render them unavailing . By Crab , the Flemish engineer , machines similar to the Roman catapult , moving on wheels , and of enormous strength and dimensions , were constructed and placed on the walls at the spot where it was expected the sow would make its approach . In addition to this , they fixed a crane upon the rampart , armed with iron chains and grappling hooks , and large masses of combustibles and fire-faggots , shaped like tuns , and composed of pitch and flax , bound strongly together with tar ropes , were piled up in readiness for the attack . At different intervals on the walls were fixed the espringalds for the discharge of their heavy darts , which carried on their barbed points little bundles of flaming tow dipped in oil or sulphur ; the ramparts were lined by the archers , spearmen , and crossbows ; and to each leader was assigned a certain station , to which he could repair on a moment 's warning . Having inspected his whole works , the steward cheerfully and confidently awaited the attack ; to which the English moved forward in great strength , and led by the king in person , on the 13th of September . Irritated by their late repulse , and animated by the presence of their nobility , the different squadrons rushed forward with an impetuosity which at first defied all efforts to repel them ; so that the ladders were fixed , the ditch filled up by fascines , and the ramparts attacked with an impetuous valour which promised to carry all before it . But the Scots , who knew their own strength , allowed this ebullition of gallantry to expend itself ; and , after a short interval advanced with levelled spears in close array , and with a weight and resolution which effectually checked the enemy . Considerable ground , however , had been gained in the first assault ; and the battle was maintained , from sunrise till noon , with excessive obstinacy on both sides ; but it at last concluded in favour of the resolution and endurance of the Scots , who repulsed the enemy on every quarter , and cleared their ramparts of their assailants . At this moment , by Edward 's orders , the sow began its advance towards the walls ; and the cran , or catapult , armed with a mass of rock , was seen straining its timbers , and taking its aim against the approaching monster . On the first discharge the stone flew far beyond ; and , as its conductors hurried forward the immense machine , the second missile fell short of it . A third block of granite was now got ready , and an English engineer who had been taken prisoner was commanded , on pain of death , to direct the aim ; whilst the sow was moving forward with a rapidity which in a few seconds must have brought it to the foot of the walls . All gazed on for an instant in breathless suspense ,— but only for an instant . The catapult was discharged ,— a loud booming noise in the air accompanied the progress of its deadly projectile ,— and , in a moment afterwards , a tremendous crash , mingled with the shrieks of the victims and the shouts of the soldiers from the walls , declared the destruction of the huge machine . It had been hit so truly , that the stone passed through the roofs , shivering its timbers into a thousand pieces ; and crushing and mangling in a frightful manner the unhappy soldiers who manned its different platforms . As those amongst them who escaped rushed out from its broken fragments , the Scottish soldiers , imitating the witticism of black Agnis at the siege of Dunbar , shouted out that the English sow had farrowed . Crab now cast his chains and grappling-hooks over the ruins of the machine , and , dragging it nearer the walls , poured down his combustibles in such quantity , that it was soon consumed to ashes . The complete failure in this land attack seems to have cast a damp over the naval operations ; and , although the ships attempted to move on to the walls at flood-tide , they were driven back without difficulty ; whilst a last effort to enter the city by burning the gate of St. Mary 's was repulsed by the steward in person . It was now near night-fall ; and , foiled on every side , the English entirely withdrew from the assault . NUMISMATICS . Addison , in commenting on the Usefulness of Ancient Medals , says , “ A series of an Emperor 's Coins is his life digested into Annals . ” Who shall , therefore , gainsay the the utility of A Numismatic Manual , or Guide to the Study of Coins . The author , Mr. John Y. Akerman , does not intend his volume exclusively for the use of the experienced medallist , so that much popular interest may be expected in its pages . The title bespeaks its contents , but we quote a few brief extracts relating to rare English coins . Ecclesiastic Money .— This money was coined by prelates prior to the Norman Conquest . Of these there are pennies of J æ nbearht , archbishop of Canterbury , with the reverse of Offa , king of Mercia , Aethileard , Wulfred , Ceolnoth , Plegmund , and Ethered . They are all extremely rare , excepting those of Ceolnoth , which are not so rare as the others . Besides these there are pennies of St. Martin , coined at Lincoln , and St. Peter 's pennies , struck at York , which are supposed to be as old as the time of the Heptarchy . Those of St. Edmund , coined at Bury , are prior to the Norman Conquest . The pennies of St. Paul are , it would seem , by the cross and pellets on the reverse , not older than the reign of Henry III . All Stephen 's money is very scarce , and one or two types are exceedingly rare . At a sale in London , in 1827 , the penny of Stephen with the horseman 's mace , brought thirteen pounds . His coins are generally very rude and illegible . This king coined pennies only . The groat of Edward I. is of the first rarity . [ 10 ] The pennies of Hadleigh , Chester , and Kingston , are scarce ; the other pennies are extremely common , and scarcely a year passes without a discovery of new hoards . The half-pennies and farthings are somewhat scarce . From this time to the reign of Henry VII ., the English coins bear a great resemblance to each other . Edward IV .— The groats common , except those of Norwich and Coventry , spelled “ Norwic ” and “ Covetre . ” The half-groat and halfpenny scarce , the penny and farthing rare . The Bristol penny is extremely rare . Richard III .— All this king 's coins are very rare , except the groat , which is less rare than the others , some groats having lately been discovered . The Canterbury-penny of Richard III . CIVITAS CANTOR , supposed unique , sold at a public sale a short time since , for seven pounds ten shillings . The Durham penny of the same king brought four guineas . Henry VII .— Folkes , in his Table of English Silver Coins , after describing the various pieces coined by Henry VII ., says , “ We may further in this place take notice of a very uncommon and singular coin , charged with the royal arms , but without a name . The arms are surmounted with an arched crown , and placed between a fleur-de-lis and a rose , legend DOMINE-SALVVM . FAC . REGEM ; on the other side is fleur-de-lis and a lion of England , and an arched crown between them above , and a rose below , with this inscription , MANA . TECKEL . PHARES . 1494 . An English lion also for a mint mark . It is , by the make and size , a French gross , and is supposed to have been coined by the Duchess of Burgundy , for Perkin Warbeck , when he set out to invade England . ” There are also half-groats of this coinage , with the same date , one of which brought twenty guineas at a sale in London in 1827 . Milled Money .— The artist first employed on the milled money of England was a Frenchman , named Philip Mestrelle , who was executed at Tyburn , on the 27th of January , 1569 , having been found guilty of making counterfeit money . Charles I .— The obsidional , or siege pieces , struck by the partizans of this monarch during the civil wars , are extremely interesting , and , with the exception of those coined at Newark , are all rare . They may be known by their shape from every other English coin , as well as by their legends . Those of Newark are of a diamond or lozenge form , some are octangular , and others of a shape that would puzzle a geometrician . Some have the rude representation of a castle ; others , a crown ; and many have the initials , C. R ., and the legend DVM . SPIRO . SPERO . Oliver Cromwell .— The coins of Oliver were the production of the inimitable Simon , whose works are to this day admired and prized . Some have doubted whether they ever were in circulation , but it is now pretty generally allowed that they were . Charles II .— The milled money of this king is of a very different style , and has the head laureated . All the pieces of this coinage are common . To the eternal disgrace of Charles , he encouraged an artist whom he had brought over from Antwerp , and gave the preference to his works before those of Simon , who produced in the year 1663 , a pattern crown of most extraordinary workmanship , on the edge of which was the following petition in two lines : “ THOMAS SIMON most humbly prays your MAJESTY to compare this his tryal-piece with the Dutch , and if more truly drawn and embossed , more gracefully ordered , and more accurately engraven , to relieve him . ” To any one but the heartless profligate whose portrait occupied the obverse of the medal , this appeal would have been irresistible , but it does not appear that the unfortunate artist was relieved . He probably died of grief and disappointment at the unjust preference shown to his rival . James II .— The base money struck by James the Second , in Ireland , in 1689 and 1690 , is common , except the crown of white metal , with the figure of James on horseback . Some of his half-crowns and shillings were struck of metal , the produce of old cannon , which were melted down for the purpose , and are in consequence termed “ gun money . ” Anne 's Farthing .— The common current farthing of Anne is scarce , but scarcer with the broad rim . The patterns of 1713 and 1714 are rare , but those with the reverse of Britannia under a kind of arch , or with Peace in a car drawn by two horses , and the legend PAX MISSA PER ORBEM , are the scarcest of all . At a public sale of the coins of the late Mr. Dimsdale , the banker , the Oxford crown with the city under the horse , was knocked down at sixty-nine pounds . At the same time the rial of Mary brought sixty-three pounds , and the rial of Elizabeth twenty-one pounds ten shillings . A friend of the author is of opinion , that the coins of Henry VII ., with the head in profile , are the first English money bearing a likeness of the sovereign . The work is illustrated with , several lithographic fac similia of coins ; and the vignette is from a very beautiful gold coin of Hiero II . of Syracuse , in the possession of Mr. Till , of Great Russell-street , Covent-garden . This morsel of antiquity , not larger than one 's little finger nail , must be upwards of two thousand years old ! [ 10 ] The groat of Edward I. sold for five and a half guineas , at a public sale in London , in March , 1827 . It is quite evident that the effigies of the English monarchs on their coins are not likenesses , until the time of Henry VIII . whatever the Ingenious may say to the contrary . Some have supposed that the rude figures on the Saxon coins use likenesses , but the idea is ridiculous . Folkes , in his “ Table of English Silver Coins , ” remarks that the Kings of England are represented bearded on their great seals , but always smooth-faced on their coins . THE GATHERER . The Red Sea .— The water of the Red Sea is so very clear , that Mr. Buckingham read on the wooden stock of an anchor the name of the ship at the depth of 25 fathoms ( 150 feet ) . T. GILL . Curious Appeal .— Philip , Alexander 's father , gave sentence against a prisoner at a time he was drowsy , and seemed to give small attention . The prisoner , after sentence was pronounced , said , I appeal : the king ; somewhat stirred , said , To whom do you appeal ? The prisoner answered , From Philip , when he gave no ear , to Philip , when he shall give ear .— Bacon . An Emperor 's Crown kicked off his head by the Pope .— Pope Celestine III . kicked the Emperor Henry IV . ' s crown off his head , while kneeling , to show his prerogative of making and unmaking kings . T. GILL . THE LATE SIR . WALTER SCOTT , BART . Instead of the “ Brief Memoir , ” announced in our last , we intend to publish with our next number , a Supplementary Sheet , containing AN ILLUSTRATED MEMOIR OF THE LATE SIR WALTER SCOTT , BART . With Anecdotes of his Life and Works , Characteristics , Tributes to his Memory , from accredited sources , and interspersed with Original Observations : with FIVE ENGRAVINGS , Price Twopence . Printed and published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London , sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .