THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XIII , NO . 376 .] SATURDAY , JUNE 20 , 1829 . [ PRICE 2d . EXETER ‘ CHANGE , STRAND . Exeter ‘ Change , Strand . Who has not heard of Exeter ‘ Change ? celebrated all over England for its menagerie and merchandize — wild beasts and cutlery — kangaroos and fleecy hosiery — elephants and minikin pins — a strange assemblage of nature and art — and savage and polished life . At page 69 of the present volume we have given a brief sketch of the “ Ancient Site of the Exeter ‘ Change , ” & c .; showing how the magnificent house of Burleigh , where Queen Elizabeth deigned to visit her favourite treasurer — at length became a receptable for uncourtly beasts , birds , and reptiles , whilst the lower part became a little nation of shopkeepers , among whom shine conspicuous the parsimony and good fortune of Mr. Clarke , the cutler , who amassed here a princely fortune . But the march of improvement having condemned the whole of the building , “ Exeter ‘ Change is removed to Charing Cross . ” Mr. Cross 's occupation 's gone , and the wild beasts have progressed nearer the Court by removing to the King 's Mews . Surely such a place is worthy of preservation in a graphic sketch for THE MIRROR . Perhaps its wonders were once the goal of our wishes — to receive a long bill from the jolly yeoman at the door , to see the living wonders of the upper story , and be treated with a pocket knife or whistle-whip from the counters of the lower apartments , have probably at one period or other been grand treats . Yes , gentle reader , and two doors east of this world of wonders appeared the early numbers of the present Miscellany . Among the improvement projects , we hear that a building for the meetings of public societies is to occupy the above site . RECENT BALLOON ASCENT . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) June 10 , 1829 . Sir ,— With your permission , I will attempt to describe the magnificent scene I witnessed on my ascent with Mr. G. Green , in his balloon , on Wednesday , June 10th , 1829 ; but I really want the power of language to depict its grandeur ; for no poetic taste , or pencil of man , can unfold the splendid scene we enjoyed while traversing the ethereal regions . Having implicit confidence in the skill of Mr. Green I ascended with him from the Jamaica , Tea-gardens , Rotherhithe , amidst the acclamations of the multitude , whose forms and voices soon passed away ; the busy hum of men ( with us ) ceased in a few seconds , and a solemn stillness reigned over the metropolis . The serenity of the evening threw a degree of solemnity over the scene , which had the effect of enchantment . We never lost sight of the earth , for our voyage was perfectly cloudless . The fields and buildings were all in miniature proportions , though most exquisitely depicted ; and as Greenwich Hospital , the Tower of London , St. Paul 's , & c. apparently receded from our view , the country succeeded , resembling one continued garden . The fields of wheat , & c. were beautifully defined , and the clearness of the atmosphere threw a sort of varnish ( if I may use the term ) over the whole face of nature . We had the Thames in view the whole of the time , which appeared like a rivulet of silver ; but below Kingston Bridge , about half an hour after our ascent , the setting sun gilded its surface with magnificent effect . The boats appeared like little pieces of cork . The Penitentiary , at Millbank , had the resemblance of a twelfth cake cut into quarters ; St. Paul 's and the Tower of London could be distinctly seen , the light falling happily upon their proportions . Old and New London Bridges , were like two feeble efforts of the works of man ; and here we saw the triumph of nature over art , and the littleness of the great works of man . At one time , on nearing Battersea Bridge , we observed a small , black streak ascending from the surface of the Thames , which we concluded to be the smoke from a Richmond steam packet . At that time the course of the balloon was south-east , although the smoke above alluded to was driven towards the west . The air being so serene we felt no motion in the car , and we could only know we were quietly moving , from seeing the grappling irons ( which hung from the car ) pass over the earth rapidly from field to field ; whilst the scene seemed to recede from our view like a moving panorama . At our greatest altitude a solemn stillness prevailed , and I cannot describe its awful grandeur and my excitement . We then let loose a pigeon , and having a favourable country below , we prepared to descend , and Mr. Green hailed some men with the cry of “ we are coming down . ” I saw them run ( though very small ,) and we fell in a field of wheat , near Kingston , with scarcely any rebound ; in fact a child might have alighted with safety . Thus , Mr. Editor , ended this short and rapid , but splendid voyage . On our alighting , Mr. Green wrote on a piece of paper our safe arrival , which he tied to the neck of a pigeon , and sent him off . Our greatest altitude did not exceed one mile and a quarter , in consequence , as Mr. Green informed me , of the density of the atmosphere , which would , at a greater elevation , have dimmed the splendour of the scene beneath us . P. T. W . We thank our ingenious Correspondent for the previous description of his recent aerial voyage , as we are fully aware of the difficulty of describing such a magnificent scene as he must have witnessed in his ascent . During the whole voyage , he experienced nothing but sensations of delight ; the atmosphere being only disturbed by very light wind , just sufficient to waft the aeronauts without any laborious management , and the time — evening — being beautifully serene . We thought ourselves richly rewarded by the view of the Colosseum Panorama , but what must have been their sensations at a distance of 6 , 600 feet high , when with the huge machine they appeared little more than a speck . The varnish , or glare , which our Correspondent describes , was that charming effect which we are wont to admire here , on earth , in evening scenes , especially when they are lit up by the splendour of the setting sun ; but which must be doubly enchanting when viewed from so great an altitude . He likewise tells us that the landscape appeared to recede like a moving panorama , whilst the balloon seemed to be stationary ; so that the scenic attempt at Covent Garden Theatre , a few years since , to illustrate a balloon ascent , by moving scenery , was in accordance with the real effect , though , we think , the theatrical attempt was not so appreciated at the time it was made . In conclusion , we congratulate our friend upon his splendid recreation , for such his ascent must have been . PITY .— A FRAGMENT . ( For the Mirror .) What is pity ? ‘ Tis virtue 's essence ,— ‘ tis benevolence Itself ;— ‘ tis mercy , justice , charity ; It is the rarest boon that man doth give to man ; It is the first perfection of our nature ; It is the brightest attribute of heav'n : Without it man should rank beneath the brute ; And with it — he is little lower than angel . The generous mite of penury is pity ; Nay , ev'n a look .— Not so the heartless pittance of the affluent , That is hypocrisy . If you pity , Your heart is liberal to forgive , Your memory to forget — Your purse is open , and your hands are free To help the penniless . CYMBELINE . THE PENDRILS . ( To the Editor of the Mirror .) Sir ,— From a note which I have just seen at the foot of the interesting account of the escape of Charles the Second , in vol . v. of the MIRROR , the reader is led to conclude , that the pension granted to Richard Pendril , expired at his death . No such thing . Old Dr. Pendril lived , practised , and died at Alfriston , a little town in the east of Sussex , some forty or fifty years since . His son , John Pendril , died at Eastbourn , four or five years ago . His son , Mr. John Pendril , kept a public house at Lewes , a few years since , to which he added the appropriate sign of the “ Royal Oak . ” All these in succession enjoyed the pension of —— marks , granted by Charles the Second , together with something of a sporting character called “ free warren . ” The last Mr. John Pendril was lately living at or near Brighton . W. W . EATING “ MUTTON COLD . ” ( For the Mirror .) Be good enough to insert the solution of Hen . B . ' s difficulty in your last MIRROR , which I send at foot , and thereby oblige a constant SUBSCRIBER AND FRIEND . The solution , or attempt at solution , of Hen . B . ' s difficulty as to what Goldsmith means in his poem “ Retaliation ” when he concludes his ironical eulogium on Edmund Burke , thus :— “ In short ‘ twas his fate , unemployed , or in place , sir , To eat mutton cold , and cut blocks with a razor . ” By being “ unemployed ” it is presumed that he was not engaged in the ordinary avocations of life , or in other words was not engaged in those legitimate avocations which have for their object the procuring the means of subsistence for the masticator ; but if it is meant to have a name of extensive meaning , the solution is unanswerable . Assuming the former to be Goldsmith 's meaning , the answer to be given to the solution might be that eating mutton cold , is eating cold mutton in its cold state , cooked or uncooked ; but if the more general meaning is insisted upon , I cannot see how the masticator is unemployed , as his jaws which form a most material part of himself — are set in full motion by the operation of eating — hence full employment is given them — and as much to the “ he ” who is the owner of such jaws . FINE ARTS . EXHIBITION OF THE ROYAL ACADEMY . ( Continued from page 338 .) 91 . Portrait of the late Earl of Kellie , Lord Lieutenant of the County of Fife .— D . Wilkie .— A noble portrait , painted for the County Hall , Cupar . 92 . Night .— H . Howard — An exquisite scene from Milton :— “ —————— now glowed the firmament With living sapphires : Hesperus that led The starry host , rode brightest , till the moon , Rising in clouded majesty , at length Apparent queen unveiled her peerless light , And o'er the dark her silver mantle threw . ” 102 . Portrait of the Duchess of Richmond .— Sir T. Lawrence . 110 . Cardinals , Priests , and Roman Citizens washing the Pilgrims ’ Feet .— D . Wilkie .— This ceremony takes place during the holy week , in the Convent of Santa Trinita dei Pelligrini ; and Mr. Wilkie has infused a devotional character into this picture which is highly characteristic of Catholic solemnity . 127 . Portrait of Jeremy Bentham — H. W . Pickersgill .— An admirable likeness of the veteran-patriot and political economist . 128 . The Defence of Saragossa .— D . Wilkie .— The subject is so well explained in the Catalogue , that we quote it :— “ The heroine Augustina is here represented on the battery , in front of the convent of Santa Engratia , where her husband being slain , she found her way to the station he had occupied , stept over his body , took his place at the gun , and declared she would herself avenge his death . “ The principal person engaged in placing the gun is Don Joseph Palafox , who commanded the garrison during the memorable siege , but who is here represented in the habit of a volunteer . In front of him is the Reverend Father Consola ç ion , an Augustin Friar , who served with great ability as an engineer , and who , with the crucifix in his hand , is directing at what object the cannon is to be pointed . On the left side of the picture is seen Basilico Boggiero , a priest , who was tutor to Palafox , celebrated for his share in the defence , and for his cruel fate when he fell into the hands of the enemy . He is writing a despatch to be sent by a carrier pigeon , to inform their distant friends of the unsubdued energies of the place . ” In this part of the room are half a dozen excellent portraits , all by different artists . 149 . The Soldier 's Wife — W. F . Witherington .— This picture is from an anecdote of the late Duke of York . His Royal Highness , as he returned one day from a walk , observed a poor woman in tears , sent away from his house . On asking the servant who she was , he answered , “ A beggar , some soldier 's wife . ” “ A soldier 's wife ! ” returned his Royal Highness ; “ give her immediate relief : what is your mistress but a soldier 's wife ? ” — An interesting picture , although we do not think the likeness of the benevolent Duke is very striking . However , the incident must have occurred a few years previous to his decease . 157 . Lord Byron 's Dream .— C. L . Eastlake .— A rich oriental landscape , and a most delightful scene of desert stillness . 172 . Portrait of Robert Southey , Esq .— Sir T. Lawrence — We hope the president 's portrait will please the laureate , for he has been rather tenacious about his “ likenesses ” which have been engraved . The present is , perhaps , one of the most intellectual portraits in the room , but is too energetic even for the impassioned poet . 181 . Queen Margaret of Anjou , being defeated at the battle of Hexham , flies with the young prince into a forest , where she meets with robbers , to whose protection she confides her son .— H . P . Briggs .— This subject is by no means new in art , but is here cleverly treated , and the whole is very effective . 214 . Othello and Desdemona .— R . Evans .— Why is Othello in armour ? Let Mr. Planch é, in his Costumes , look to this . 216 . Portrait of Miss Phillips , of the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane , as Juliet .— H . E . Dawe .— This picture is entirely devoid of flattery ; and is by no means a good likeness of the interesting original . 224 . Roman Princess , with her Attendant , washing the female pilgrim 's feet .— D . Wilkie — An affecting picture of a truly devotional incident . 246 . Camilla introduced to Gil Blas at the Inn .— G . S . Newton .— This picture is considered to be Mr. Newton 's chef d'oeuvre . The landlord is entering the chamber with a flambeau in his hand lighting in a lady , more beautiful than young , and very richly dressed ; she is supported by an old squire , and a little Moorish page carries her train . The lankiness of Camilla is somewhat objectionable , but the head is exquisitely animated . The sentimentality of Gil Blas too , is excellent . 293 . The Confessional — Pilgrims confessing in the Basilica of St . Peter 's .— D . Wilkie .— An interesting picture , though not equal to others by the same artist , in the present exhibition . 322 . Hadleigh Castle . The mouth of the Thames — morning after a stormy night — J. Constable — The picturesque beauty of this scene is spoiled by the spotty “ manner of the artist . ” 352 . Coronation of the Remains of Ines de Castro .— G . St . Evie .— An attractive picture of one of the most extraordinary scenes in history . The remains of Dona Ines de Castro taken out of her tomb six years after the interment , when she was proclaimed queen of Portugal . This is an illustration of Mrs. Hemans 's beautiful lines which we quoted in a recent number of the MIRROR . 455 . Portrait of Mrs. Locke , sen .— Sir T . Lawrence .— A Reubens-like portrait of a benevolent lady , and which we take to be an excellent likeness . 592 . Portrait of John Parker , Esq . on his favourite horse Coroner , with the Worcestershire fox hounds .— T . Woodward .— We can relate a curious circumstance connected with this picture . While in the room , a country gentleman and his lady inquired of us the subject — we turned to the number in the Catalogue , and gave him the desired information . “ Ah , ” said he , “ I was sure it was Parker , and told my wife the same , although I was not previously aware of his portrait being in the Exhibition . ” We should think the resemblance must be very striking . The Antique Academy is almost covered with portraits , and the miniatures hang in cluster-like abundance — so that what with bright eyes and luxuriant tresses , this is not the least attractive of the rooms . In the Library are several fine architectural drawings ; among which is a view of Chatsworth , by Sir J. Wyatville , including , as we suppose , all the magnificent additions and improvements , now in progress there . Mr. Soane 's Designs for entrances to the Parks and the western part of London , ( which we alluded to in our No . 360 ,) are likewise here . In the Model Academy , Messrs. Chantrey and Westmacott have some fine groups , and Behnes three fine busts — the Duke of Cumberland , Princess Victoria , and Lady Eliz . Gower . It would be easy to extend this notice through the present and next number , but as other matters press , and as all the town go to Somerset House , we hope this notice will be sufficient ; for it is not in our power to enumerate half the fine pictures in the Exhibition , much as we rejoice at this flourishing prospect of British art . MULREADY 'S “ WOLF AND LAMB . ” In a preceding number we stated that the copyright of this picture had been purchased for 1 , 000 guineas , and appropriated to the Artists ’ Fund , which a correspondent , and “ a member of the Fund , ” informs us is not the fact . He assures us that the original picture was purchased some years since by his Majesty , who granted the loan of it to the society , at whose expense it was engraved ; the sale of the prints producing 1 , 000l . to the Fund . Mr. Mulready has the merit of painting the picture and procuring the loan of it ; but our version of the affair would make it appear otherwise . We copied our notice from the newspapers , where it was stated , as from the Lord Chancellor , at the Fund Dinner , that Mr. Mulready had relinquished his copyright to the picture for the benefit of the Fund , which had thus produced 1 , 000l . ; but we thank our correspondent for his correction . THE SELECTOR AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . * * FIVE NIGHTS OF ST. ALBAN 'S . This is a work of pure fiction , and is one of the most splendidly imaginative books we have met with for a long time . It is attributed to the author of the “ First and Last ” sketches in Blackwood 's Magazine , some of which have already been transferred to our pages . No further recommendation can be requisite ; but to give the reader some idea of the vivid style in which the work is written , we detach two episodal extracts . THE IDIOT GIRL . When Peverell reached his own house , his man Francis met him with a strangely mysterious look and manner . “ Here is one within , ” said he , “ that will not , by any dint of persuasion , go ; though I have been two good hours trying my skill to that end . ” “ Who is it ? ” inquired Peverell . “ That , neither , can I discover , ” quoth Francis . “ She knocked at the door — it might be something after eleven , perhaps near upon twelve — and when I opened it , she whips into the hall without saying a word , walks into every room in the house — I following her , as a beadle follows a rogue , till he sees him beyond the parish bounds — and at last takes possession of your low chair , and , without so much as ‘ by your leave , ’ begins to wring her hands , and cry ‘ Lord ! Lord ! ’ — What do you want , good woman ? ” said I . But I might as well have addressed myself to the walls , for ‘ Lord ! Lord ! ’ was all her moan . ” Peverell hastened into the room , and there he saw poor Madge — her face buried in her hands , rocking to and fro , weeping most piteously , and as Francis had described , ever and anon calling upon the Lord , but in a tone of such utter wretchedness , that it pierced his very heart . He spoke to her . She started up at the sound of his voice , looked at him , and then mournfully exclaimed , while she pointed to the ground — “ They have buried her ! ” “ Then be comforted , ” said Peverell , in a kind and soothing voice ; “ your hardest trial is past . ” “ What a churl he was ! ” continued Madge , not heeding the words of Peverell ; “ I only asked him to keep the grave open till to-morrow , and he denied me ! Only till to-morrow — for then , said I , the cold earth can cover us both . But he denied me ! So I fell upon my knees , beside my Marian 's grave , and prayed that he might never lose a child , to know that blessedness of sorrow which lies in the thought of soon sleeping with those we have loved and lost ! It was very wrong in me , I know , to wish to call down such affliction on him — but he denied me — and I had to hear the rattling dust fall upon her coffin — ay , and to see that dark , deep grave filled up ; as if a mother might not have her own child ! ” “ Poor afflicted creature ! ” exclaimed Peverell , in a half whisper to himself . “ Yes ! ” said Madge , drying her tears with her hands . “ Yes ! I have walked with grief , for my companion in this world , through many a sad and weary hour . But I shook hands with her , and we parted , at the grave of Marian . I buried all my troubles there . What is the hour ? ” “ Hard upon two , ” replied Peverell . “ Then I must be busy , ” replied Madge , in a wild , hurried manner , and smiling at Peverell , with a look of much importance , as if what she had to do were some profound secret . “ You 'll not betray me , if I tell you ? ” she continued , taking his hand — “ Feel ! ” and she placed it on her heart . “ One , two ; one , two ; one , two — and so it goes on ; it cannot beat beyond two ! Oh , God ! in what pain it is before it breaks ! ” She now returned to the chair from which she had risen , at the sound of Peverell 's voice . He approached nearer ; and ( with a view rather to draw her gently from her own thoughts , than from any desire that she should leave his house ,) he asked her “ if she would go home ? ” “ Yes , ” she replied ; “ bear with me yet a little while , and I 'll go . It is near the time I promised Marian , when last I kissed her wintry cheek , as she lay shrouded in her coffin ; and I may not fail . Lord ! Lord ! what a troubled and worthless world this seems to me now ! A week ago , and the sun , and the moon , and the stars , and the green earth , and all that was upon it , were dear to mine eyes ; and I should have wept to look my last at them ! But now , I behold nothing it contains , save my Marian 's grave ! You will see me laid in it , for pity 's sake — wo n't you ? ” “ Ay , ” said Peverell , “ but that will be when I am gray , and thinking of my own : so , cheer up . He that shall toll the bell for thee , now sleeps in his cradle , I 'll warrant . ” She beckoned Peverell to her , and taking his hand , she again placed it on her heart . A sad , melancholy smile played for a moment across her pale wrinkled face , and her glazed eyes kindled into a fleeting expressing of frightful gladness , as she feebly exclaimed , “ Do you feel ? One !— one !— one ! — and hardly that — I breathe only from here , ” she continued , pointing to her throat . “ Feel !— feel !— one !— one !— another !— how I gasp — see !— see — ” She ceased to speak ; the hand which retained Peverell 's relaxed its hold — her head dropped — one long-drawn sigh was heaved — and poor Madge resigned a being touched with sympathies and feelings not often found in natures of nobler quality , in the world 's catalogue of nobility . If , among the thousand doors which death holds open for mortal man to pass through , ere he puts on immortality , there be one , the rarest of them all , for broken hearts , this hapless creature found it . A self accusing spirit bowed her to the earth , with the sharpest of all griefs — a mother 's anguish for an only child — lost to her , as gamesters lose fortunes — thrown away by her own hand . FITZMAURICE THE MAGICIAN . “ I have lived three hundred years ! In that time — in all that time , I have never seen the glorious sun descend , but followed still its rolling course through the regions of illimitable space . I have shivered on the frozen mountains of the icy north , and fainted beneath the sultry skies of the blazing east : the swift winds have been my viewless chariot , and on their careering wings I have been hurried from clime to clime . But , nor light , nor air , nor heat , nor cold , have been to me as to the rest of my species ; for I was doomed to find in their extremes a perpetual torment . I howled , under the sharp , pinching pangs of the icy north ; I panted with agony , in the scorching fervour of the blazing east ; and when mine eyes have ached , with vain efforts , to pierce the darkness of the earth 's centre , they have been suddenly blasted with excessive and intolerable delight . “ All the currents of human affection — all that makes the past delightful , the present lovely , and the future coveted , were dried up within me . My heart was like the sands of the desert , parched and barren . No living stream of hope , of gladness , or of desire , quickened it with human sympathies . It was a bleak and withered region , the fit abode of ever-during sorrow and comfortless despair . I was as a blighted tree , that perishes not at the root , but is withered in all its branches . Tears , I had none . One gracious drop , falling from my seared orbs , would have been the blessed channel of pent-up griefs that seemed to crush my almost frenzied brain . Sighs , I breathed not . They would have heaved from my bursting heart some of that misery , which loaded it to anguish . Sleep never came . I was denied the common luxury of the common wretched , to lose , in its sweet oblivion , its brief forgetfulness , the sense of what I was . Death , natural death , closed his many doors against me . All that lived , except myself — the persecuted , the weary , and the heavily laden of man 's race — could find a grave ! I , alone , looked upon the earth , and felt that it had no resting place for me ! God ! God ! what a forlorn and miserable creature is man , when , in his affliction , he cannot say to the worm , I shall be yours ! I might have cast away , indeed , the YENARKON — the Giver of Life — the elixir of the Sibyl — but that would have been to subject myself to a power of darkness , in whose fell wrath I should have suffered the casting away of mine eternal soul ! “ Thus the stream of time rolled on , burying beneath its dark waves , our little span of present , in the huge ocean of a perpetual past , and devouring , as the food of both , our swift decaying future . But I floated on its surface , and beheld whole generations flourish and fade away , while age and silver hairs , growing infirmities , and the closing sigh that ends them all , mocked me with a horrible exemption . I remained , and might have remained , for ages yet to come , the fixed and unaltered image of what I was , when in Mauritania I encountered the potent Amaimon , the damned magician of the den , but for that — woman 's faith , and man 's fidelity — which have made me what I AM ! “ This was my destiny . Now mark , how I became enthralled to it ; and how it befell , that at last I shook it off , and found redemption . “ In my middle manhood , when scarcely forty summers had glowed within my veins , I left my native Italy , and journeyed to the Holy Land , upon the strict vow of a self-imposed penance . It was for no sin committed in my days of youth , but for the satisfaction of an ardent piety , and the growing spirit of a long enkindled devotion . I had patrimonial wealth in Apulia ; I had kindred ; I had friends . I renounced them all , to dedicate myself , thenceforth , to the service of THE CROSS . My purpose was blessed , by a virtuous mother 's prayers , that I might approve myself a worthy soldier of Christ ; and it was sanctified by a holy priest at the altar . “ Even now , the recollection is strong within me , of the feelings with which , as the rising sun illumined the tops of the surrounding hills , I approached the once glorious , and still sacred , city of Jerusalem — that chosen seat of the Godhead — that Queen among the nations . Eclipsed , though it was , and its majestic head trodden into the dust , by the foot of the infidel , my gladdened eyes dwelt upon what was imperishable , and my wrapt imagination pictured what was destroyed . The valleys of Jehosaphat and Gehinnon , Mount Calvary , Mount Zion , and Mount Acre , stretched before me . The palace of King Herod , with its sumptuous halls of marble and of gold — the gorgeous Temple of Solomon — the lofty towers of Phaseolus and Mariamne — the palace of the Maccabees — the Hippodrome — the houses of many of the prophets — grew into existence again , beneath the creative force of fancy . I stood and wept . I knelt , and kissed the consecrated earth which once a Saviour trod . ” “ THE HUNTED STAG : A SKETCH . What sounds are on the mountain blast ? Like bullet from the arbalast , Was it the hunted quarry past Right up Ben-ledi 's side ?— So near , so rapidly he dash 'd , Yon lichen 'd bough has scarcely plash 'd Into the torrent 's tide . Ay !— The good hound may bay beneath , The hunter wind his horn ; He dared ye through the flooded Teith As a warrior in his scorn ! Dash the red rowel in the steed , Spur , laggards , while ye may ! St. Hubert 's shaft to a stripling reed , He dies no death to-day ! ‘ Forward ! ’ — Nay , waste not idle breath , Gallants , ye win no green-wood wreath ; His antlers dance above the heath , Like chieftain 's plumed helm ; Right onward for the western peak , Where breaks the sky in one white streak , See , Isabel , in bold relief , To Fancy 's eye , Glenartney 's chief , Guarding his ancient realm . So motionless , so noiseless there , His foot on rock , his head in air , Like sculptor 's breathing stone ! Then , snorting from the rapid race , Snuffs the free air a moment 's space , Glares grimly on the baffled chase , And seeks the covert loan . ” “ THE COMPLAINT OF THE VIOLETS . By the silent foot of the shadowy hill We slept in our green retreats , And the April showers were wont to fill Our hearts with sweets ; And though we lay in a lowly bower , Yet all things loved us well , And the waking bee left its fairest flower With us to dwell . But the warm May came in his pride to woo The wealth of our virgin store , And our hearts just felt his breath , and knew Their sweets no more ! And the summer reigns on the quiet spot Where we dwell — and its suns and showers Bring balm to our sisters ’ hearts , but not — Oh ! not to ours ! We live — we bloom — but for ever o'er Is the charm of the earth and sky : To our life , ye heavens , that balm restore , Or bid us die ! ” “ THE FOUNTAIN : A BALLAD . Why startest thou back from that fount of sweet water ? The roses are drooping while waiting for thee ; ‘ Ladye , ‘ tis dark with the red hue of slaughter , There is blood on that fountain — oh ! whose may it be ? ’ Uprose the ladye at once from her dreaming , Dreams born of sighs from the violets round , The jasmine bough caught in her bright tresses , seeming In pity to keep the fair prisoner it bound . Tear-like the white leaves fell round her , as , breaking The branch in her haste , to the fountain she flew , The wave and the flowers o'er its mirror were reeking , Pale as the marble around it she grew . She followed its track to the grove of the willow , To the bower of the twilight it led her at last , There lay the bosom so often her pillow , But the dagger was in it , its beating was past . Round the neck of the youth a light chain was entwining , The dagger had cleft it , she joined it again . One dark curl of his , one of her 's like gold shining , ‘ They hoped this would part us , they hoped it in vain . Race of dark hatred , the stern unforgiving . Whose hearts are as cold as the steel which they wear . By the blood of the dead , the despair of the living , Oh , house of my kinsman , my curse be your share ! ’ She bowed her fair face on the sleeper before her , Night came and shed its cold tears on her brow ; Crimson the blush of the morning past o'er her , But the cheek of the maiden returned not its glow . Pale on the earth are the wild flowers weeping , The cypress their column , the night-wind their hymn , These mark the grave where those lovers are sleeping Lovely — the lovely are mourning for them . ” The Casket . THE COSMOPOLITE . COUNTRY CHARACTER . ( For the Mirror .) Country society has but little relief ; and in proportion to intellectual refinement , this monotony appears to increase . We have always been favourable to Book Clubs in country towns , and about ten years since , established one in the anti-social town of ——. The plan worked well ; its economy was admired , and extensively adopted all over England , but we heard little of its contributing to the social enjoyments of the people . Twenty families reading the same books , and these passed from house to house , among the respectability of the town , might have brought about a kind of consanguinity of opinion , and led to frequent interchange of civilities , meetings of the members at each others ’ houses , or at least a sort of how-d'yehYpppHeNdo acquaintance . The case was otherwise . The attorney and the doctor joined our society that their families of ten or twelve sons and daughters might keep under the sixpences and shillings of the circulating library ; but they soon became jealous of new books , although they often returned them uncut and unread ; and so far from knitting the bonds of acquaintance , we at last thought our plan served to estrange the members , by affording the little aristocracy frequent opportunities for venting their splenetic pride ; the books were like disjunctive conjunctions , and when we left the place , the “ society ” did not promise to live another year . We could entertain ourselves , at least , with sketches of a few of the members of this disjointed body ; but we must be content with one , and that shall be the bookseller of the town . Imagine a man of middle height , rather inclined to obesity , and just turned of fifty-eight . He had a broad , low forehead , sunken eyes , an aquiline nose , a heavy , hanging lip , and a chin which buried its projections in ample and unclassical folds of neckerchief . He was bald , except a tuft on the occiput , or hinder part of his head , and on dress occasions he wore powder . He was a widower , his wife having been dead about ten years , leaving him two daughters , the amiability of whose dispositions was a painful contrast to the uneven temper of their father . He kept a good table , and had the best cellar of grape wine in the town , but entertained little company . His guests were usually the valets or butlers of the gentry in the neighbourhood ; but the housekeepers were never invited by his daughters , a point of propriety in male and female acquaintanceship which amused us not a little . His business was of a most multifarious description , and besides the trades of bookseller , stationer , and druggist , he had a printing-office , and was , moreover , a self-taught printer , He was post-master and stamp sub-distributor , receiver of bail , and agent for insurances — little official appointments which would have made him mayor in a corporate town . Of late years , he seldom meddled with these matters of business ; but tired of their common track , he struck out a course of life , which was neither public nor private , but made him a sort of oracle in the town , whose opinions were freely printed and gratuitously circulated , whilst the author was seldom seen except at vestry-meetings . In this way he acted as secretary to a benevolent society established by the gentry , and such was his enthusiasm that he gave his services and £ 200 . worth of printing during the first year ; and the Committee in return presented him with a handsome piece of plate with a complimentary inscription , which he had the modesty to keep locked up , and never to display even to his visiters . This proved him to be a benevolent man , and he would have been ten times more useful had not his charitable disposition been over tinged with oddity and caprice . His contact with the poor of the parish soon made him overseer , although his religious observances would not qualify him for churchwarden ; for he only went to church at funerals , to which he was frequently invited , his staid appearance , and a certain air of gentility of which he was master , being in such cases no mean recommendation . Overseer and select vestryman , he printed the parish accounts , for the most part gratuitously , although the poor and even the better portion of the towns-people never gave him full credit for this generosity , conceiving that he was repaid by some secret services or funds . The oddity of his pursuits was only exceeded by their variety . In politics he was a disciple of Cobbett , and year after year , foretold a revolution , an alarm which he communicated to every one of his household . He took extreme interest in all new mechanical projects , but seldom indulged in the practical part of them . In wine-making he was once a very experimentalist , and studied every line of Macculloch and unripe fruit ; next , he turned over every inch of his garden , analyzed the soil à la Davy , and salted all his growing crops . His cogitative habits led him to take long walks in the country , and he soon flew from horticultural chemistry to real farming ; and about the same time took to road making and macadamization , and became a surveyor of the highways . But the trustees wanting to macadamize the miserably pitched street of the town , he bethought him of dust in summer and mud in winter , and drew up a long memorial to the lords of the soil , remonstrating with them on their impolitic conduct ; but all in vain . It is curious , however , to reflect that what the people of a country town about ten years ago thought a curse to their roads should now be adopted in many of the principal London Streets . The last we heard of our bookseller 's hobbies , was that he had bought the lease of a house for the sake of the large garden attached to it , and here , like Evelyn in his Elysium Britannicum , he passes his days in the primitive occupation of gardening . Our bookseller is a self-educated man , and in some pamphlets on the charitable institution to which we have alluded , are many of the errors of style peculiar to self-educated writers . Among his acquaintance we remember an attorney who practised in London , but had a small house in the town . He had been editor and proprietor of four or five morning and evening newspapers , and furnished our bookseller with all the news off ‘ Change and about town . This friend and the journals were his oracles , and their influence he digested in morsels of political economy , so introduced into his pamphlets as not to offend the landed gentry of the neighbourhood . To them , it should be mentioned , he was a most useful personage , and his aid and auspices , were almost necessary to the success of any project for the interest of the town . The trades-people looked up to him ; they would agree if Mr. —— did , or they would wait his opinion . We have heard that he has been a gallant in his time ; and more than once he has told little stories of dances and harvest homes , and merry meetings at the wealthy farmers ’ in the neighbourhood , of the moonlight walk home , and of his companions counting their won guineas on their return from an evening party — all of which throw into shade the social amusements of our artificial times . We have said that he kept a good table ; for presents of game poured in from the gentlemen 's bailiffs in the neighbourhood , fish from town to be repaid by summer visits , and if the fishmonger of the place was overstocked , the first person he sent to was our bookseller . Again , he would take a post-chaise , or the White Hart barouche , for a party of pleasure , when his neighbours would have been happy with a gig . He did not join , or allow his daughters to mix with them at the tradesman 's ball , but they staid moping at home , because there was none between the gentry and trade . Yet the professional and little-fortune people cried —— trade , and thus our bookseller belonged to neither class . The people of the place know not whether he is rich ; he has been “ making money ” all his life-time say they , but he has “ lived away . ” It is , however , to be regretted that they cannot settle the point , since they determine to a pound the income of every gentleman and lady in the neighbourhood , and , doff their hats according to the total . To sum up his character , he is just and sometimes generous ; hospitable but not unostentatious ; dictatorial and circumlocutory to excess in his conversation , and of an inquisitive turn of mind , and considering his resources , he is well informed and even clever in matters of the world ; in short , he is a perfect pattern of the gentleman tradesmen of the present day . PHILO . NOTES OF A READER . EMIGRATION . A pamphlet of Twenty-four Letters from Labourers in America to their Friends in England , has lately reached our hands . These letters have been addressed by emigrants to their relatives in the eastern part of Sussex , and have been printed literatim . We are aware of the strong prejudice which exists against the practice of parishes sending off annually , a part of their surplus population to America ; but some of the statements in these letters will stagger the Noes . We quote a few from letters written during the past year : Brooklyn , Jan. 14 , 1828 . John is at work as carpenter , for the winter ; his Boss gives him 5s . a day , our money , which is little more than 2s . 6d , English money . They tell us that winter is a dead time in America ; but we have found it as well and better than we expected . We can get good flour for 11d . English money ; good beef for 2d . or 3d do , and mutton the same price ; pork about 4d . ; sugar , very good , 5d . ; butter and cheese is not much cheaper than in England ; clothing is rather dear , especially woollen ; worsted stockings are dear . New Hereford , June 30 , 1828 . Dear Father and Mother , I now take the opportunity of writing to you since our long journey . But I am very sorry to tell you , that we had the misfortune to lose both our little boys ; Edward died 29th April , and William 5th May ; the younger died with bowel complaint ; the other with the rash-fever and sore throat . We were very much hurt to have them buried in a watery grave ; we mourned their loss ; night and day they were not out of our minds . We had a minister on board , who prayed with us twice a day ; he was a great comfort to us , on the account of losing our poor little children . He said , The Lord gave , and taketh away ; and blessed be the name of the Lord . We should make ourselves contented if we had our poor little children here with us : we kept our children 24 hours . There were six children and one woman died in the vessel . Master Bran lost his wife . Mrs. Coshman , from Bodiam , lost her two only children . My sister Mary and her two children are living at Olbourn , about 80 miles from us . Little Caroline and father is living with us ; and our three brothers are living within a mile of us . Brother James was very ill coming over , with the same complaint that William had . We were very sick for three weeks , coming over : John was very hearty , and so was father . We were afraid we should loose little Caroline ; but the children and we are hearty at this time . Sarah and Caroline are often speaking of going to see their grandmother . Mary 's children were all well , except little John ; he was bad with a great cold . I have got a house and employ . I have 4s . a day and my board ; and in harvest and haying I am to have 6s . or 7s . a day and my board . We get wheat for 7s . per bushel , of our money ; that is about 3s . 7d . of your money ; meat is about 3d . per pound ; butter from 5d . to 6d . ; sugar about the same as in England ; shoes and clothes about the same as it is with you ; tea is from 2s . 6d . 3s . 6d . of your money ; tobacco is about 9d . per pound , of your money ; good whisky about 1s . 1d . per gallon ; that is 2s . of your money . Hudson State , New York , July 6 , 1828 . I must tell you a little what friends we met with when we landed in to Hudson ; such friends as we never found in England ; but it was chiefly from that people that love and fear God . We had so much meat brought us , that we could not eat while it was good ; a whole quarter of a calf at once ; so we had two or three quarters in a little time , and seven stone of beef . One old gentleman came and brought us a wagon load of wood , and two chucks of bacon ; some sent flour , some bread , some cheese , some soap , some candles , some chairs , some bedsteads . One class-leader sent us 3s . worth of tin ware and many other things . The flowers are much here as yours ; provision is not very cheap ; flour is 1s . 7d . a gallon of this money , about 10d . of yours ; butter is 1s ., your money 6d . ; meat from 2d . to 6d ., yours 1d . to 3d . ; sugar 10d . to 1s . yours 5d . and 6d . Tell father I wish I could send him nine or ten pound of tobacco ; for it is 1s . a pound ; I chaws rarely . Constantia , Dec. 2 , 1828 . Dear Children , I now write for the third time since I left old England . I wrote a letter , dated October 8th ; and finding that it would have four weeks to lay , I was afraid you would not have it ; and as I told you I would write the truth , if I was forced to beg my bread from door to door , so I now proceed . Dear children , I write to let you know that we are all in good health , excepting your mother ; and she is now just put to bed of another son , and she is as well as can be expected . And now as it respects what I have got in America : I have got 12-1 / 2 acres of land , about half improved , and the rest in the state of nature , and two cows of my own . We can buy good land for 18s . per acre ; but buying of land is not one quarter part , for the land is as full of trees as your woods are of stubs ; and they are from four to ten rods long , and from one to five feet through them . You may buy land here from 18s . to 9l . in English money ; and it will bring from 20 to 40 bushels of wheat per acre , and corn from 20 to 50 bushels per acre , and rye from 20 to 40 ditto . You may buy beef for 1-3 / 4d . per pound ; and mutton the same ; Irish butter 7d . per pound ; cheese 3d . ; tea 4s . 6d . ; sugar 7d . per pound ; candles 7d . ; soap 7d . ; and wheat 4s . 6d . per bushel ; corn and rye 2s . per bushel . And I get 2s . 4d . a day and my board ; and have as much meat to eat , three times a day , as I like to eat . But clothing is dear ; shoes 8s . ; half boots 16s . ; calico from 8d . to 1s . 4d . ; stockings 2s . 9d . to 3s . 6d . ; flannel 4s . per yard ; superfine cloth from 4s . 6d . to 1l . ; now all this is counted in English money . We get 4s . per day in summer , and our board ; and if you count the difference of the money , you will soon find it out ; 8s . in our money is 4s . 6d . in your money . The reader will perhaps think we give only the “ milk and honey ” of these letters , but they bear the stamp of authenticity . KENILWORTH . Every body knows the delightful romance of Kenilworth ,— a tragedy , of which the dramatis personae are the parties themselves , called up from their graves by the novelist magician . Students who attend St. Mary 's Church , Oxford , still look out for the flat stone which covers the dust and bones of poor Amy , and could any sculptured effigies supply the place of the whole historical picture , then imagined in the mind 's eye ? More than once attracted by the old ballad , [ 1 ] we have , when undergraduates , walked to the “ lonely towers of Cumnor Hall , ” fancied that we saw her struggle , and heard her screams , when she was thrown over the staircase ( the traditional mode of her assassination ,) and wondered how any man could have the heart to murder a simple lovesick pretty girl . Even now , in sorrow and in sadness , we read this account :— The unfortunate Amye Duddley ( for so she subscribes herself in the Harleian Manuscript , 4712 ,) the first wife of Lord Robert Dudley , Queen Elizabeth 's favourite , and after Amy 's death Earl of Leicester , was daughter of Sir John Robsart . Her marriage took place June 4 , 1550 , the day following that on which her lord 's eldest brother had been united to a daughter of the Duke of Somerset , and the event is thus recorded by King Edward in his Diary : “ 4 . S. Robert dudeley , third sonne to th ’ erle of warwic , married S. John Robsartes daughter ; after wich mariage ther were certain gentlemen that did strive who shuld first take away a gose 's heade wich was hanged alive on tow crose postes . ” Soon after the accession of Elizabeth , when Dudley 's ambitious views of a royal alliance had opened upon him , his countess mysteriously died at the retired mansion of Cumnor near Abingdon , [ 2 ] Sept. 8 , 1560 ; and , although the mode of her death is imperfectly ascertained ( her body was thrown down stairs , as a blind ,) there appears far greater foundation for supposing the earl guilty of her murder , than usually belongs to such rumours , all her other attendants being absent at Abingdon fair , except Sir Richard Verney and his man . The circumstances , distorted by gross anachronisms , have been weaved into the delightful romance of “ Kenilworth . ” Of the goose and posts , we can suggest no better explanation than that the goose was intended for poor Amy , and the cross posts for the Protector Somerset , and his rival Dudley Duke of Northumberland , both of whom were bred to the devil 's trade , ambition . Others may be possessed of more successful elucidation . At all events , it is plain that the people had a very suspicious opinion of Leicester , amounting to this , that he was a great rascal , who played a deep game , and stuck at nothing which he could do without danger to himself . [ 3 ] — Gentleman 's Magazine . [ 1 ] We believe , in Evans 's collection . [ 2 ] It is only three miles from Oxford , and six or seven from Abingdon . [ 3 ] His general mode of murder was by poison ; and it is said , that he so perished himself . MEXICAN MINES . It appears that , on an average of the fifteen years previous to the revolution , about twenty-two millions of dollars were exported , and that there was an accumulation of about two millions . Since the revolution , the exports have averaged 13 , 587 , 052 dollars , while the produce has decreased to eleven millions . This change was the natural consequence of the revolution . The favourable accounts of Humboldt excited a spirit of speculation that was wholly regardless of passing events ; and the Act of Congress , facilitating the co-operation of foreigners with the natives , produced a mania which has been destructive to numberless individuals , who trusted too much to names . Seven English companies , with a capital of at least three millions , were established , and these were followed by two American , and one German , companies . Such was the rage for mining on the Royal Exchange , that for a time it was only necessary for any one to appear with contracts made with Mexican mine owners to establish a company . Many who were so ignorant as not even to know the difference between a shaft and a level , commenced speculators , not for the purpose of fairly earning a reward for doing some service to those to whom they offered their mines , but to fill their own purses without reference to consequences . Such a system of unprincipled conduct could not last ; almost all the minor performers have been driven from the stage , and the respectable associations alone maintain their footing , though the want of returns for the immense sums invested has tended to produce a general want of confidence . Since these enterprises have been undertaken , an immense and fruitless expenditure has been incurred by sending out machinery , which could be of no earthly use — by despising the native processes , and substituting others that have been found wholly inapplicable — and by introducing British labourers , who when abroad reverse all the good qualities for which they are valuable at home . A reform in this system we believe to have been generally adopted , and we are sure that a reduction of expense , a management purely European , and native labour , with only such modifications in working , smelting , or amalgamating , as experience will prove to be advantageous , will , in a moderate time , return the capital already expended , with a commensurate advantage . But these things can only take place provided the public tranquillity be maintained , and the government keep their engagements with foreigners inviolate . The insecurity arising from the domestic feuds now disturbing this fine country , must , if it continues , finally annihilate its best resources .— Foreign Quarterly Review . Of the abhorrence with which the Dutch regard the French tongue , the following lines of Bilderdyk are an amusing example :— Begone , thou bastard-tongue ! so base — so broken — By human jackals and hyaenas spoken ; Formed for a race of infidels , and fit To laugh at truth — and scepticize in wit ; What stammering , snivelling sounds , which scarcely dare , Bravely through nasal channels meet the ear — Yet helped by apes ’ grimaces — and the devil , Have ruled the world , and ruled the world for evil ! Ibid . COALS . One of the pamphlets of the age of the Commonwealth is said , in the title-page , to be Printed in the year That sea-coal was exceeding dear . The remembrance of this inconvenience , which the Londoners had suffered during the stoppage of their supply from Newcastle , made “ the committees of both kingdoms conclude and agree among themselves , that some of the most notorious delinquents and malignants , late coal-owners in the town of Newcastle , be wholly excluded from intermeddling with any shares or parts of colleries ; ” “ but as the parliament might find a difficulty in driving on the trade , they did not conceive it for their service to put out all the said malignants at once , but were rather constrained , for the present , to make use of those delinquents in working their own collieries as tenants and servants . ” The more stubborn and wealthy , therefore , were selected for example ; and the others had this favour shown them . LADY-POETS OF ENGLAND . The following is a Frenchman 's expression of homage to our modern female poets , in which we excel all the world :— It is remarkable , that in the latter years of the eighteenth century , and also during the whole course of our revolution , there appeared in England a whole school , as it were , of female authors , whose pure and graceful productions are disfigured by no exaggerations , nor are they of that sombre character which distinguishes the modern literature of their country . Of the lady-authors of England , the most celebrated is Lady Wortley Montagu , the contemporary of Pope , who has left poems , but more especially letters , highly remarkable for their talent and philosophy . It is impossible to give here the names of the authoresses who appeared all on a sudden about half a century after Lady Wortley Montagu . One of the earliest of them was a lady of the same name , Mrs. E. Montagu , the author of the Essays on Shakspeare , and Mrs. Anna Laetitia Barbauld , who wrote numerous poems and admirable hymns for children . There is great beauty in the Epistle of Mrs. Barbauld to Wilberforce , on the subject of the Abolition of the Slave Trade ( 1781 .) Mrs. Hannah More has also written several works of religious fiction , and above all , some charming poems ; Florio ( 1786 ,) and the Blue Stocking , or Conversation . The Blue Stocking is a burlesque name given to a lady 's coterie , in which several females attempted to start a sort of bureau d'esprit under the direction of Mesdames Robinson and Piozzi , a coterie innocent enough , but which excited the wrath of Mr. Gifford , the Editor of the Quarterly Review , who fulminated against it several satires in excessively bad taste , and written in a tone of disgusting pedantry . The verses of Mr. Gifford are infinitely more ridiculous than those he pretends to correct . Amongst the English ladies who have written romance , Miss Edgeworth , Mrs. Inchbald , and Lady Morgan , are worthy of especial note . Several ladies , without having written works of great importance , have still produced poetical pieces of graceful beauty ; in this number it is but justice to distinguish Mrs. Opie . And lastly , in order to finish this hasty catalogue , we may remark that there have appeared in England , in our days , several ladies of a high order of literary , poetical , and at the same time , philosophical talent . Lady Morgan herself has contrived to mix up history and romance in her writings , with great ability ; but among the ladies , who inscribed their fame on monuments more durable than romantic stories , we must select for honourable mention the names of Joanna Baillie , Aikin , Benger , and Helen Maria Williams . Miss Baillie , sister of the celebrated Dr. Baillie , the physician , is a woman of the highest talent . It is not your pretty nothings , your elegant trifles , which occupy her genius ; on the contrary , she has attempted in a series of dramatic pieces , to paint the most energetic passion of the human heart ; and her pieces , written in the most elevated and Shakspearian tone , will always be regarded as the work of a superior mind . John Kemble , in the part of Montfort , reached the sublime of agony . In the writings of Miss Baillie there is a combination of the solemn and the poetical , which is rarely observed in women . Miss Aikin has written some charming poems , far more beautiful than any I have met with in the writings of Miss Landon and Miss Mitford . The Mouse 's Petition , by Miss Aikin , is a chef-d'oeuvre . Miss Benger has published some historical works of great interest , which place her in the same line with Miss Aikin . Lastly , there is Helen Maria Williams , whose muse , half English , half French , has published poems , sonnets , and other pieces of verse , besides several political and historical works . This superior woman , at the same time that she gave birth , under the influence of sensibility and fancy , to works of inspiration , portrayed the details of the events of the French revolution , in the centre of which she threw herself , in 1792 , from pure enthusiasm for liberty .— Foreign Quarterly Review . AMERICAN LAW . “ No commentator , ” says Judge Hall , in his Letters from the West , “ has taken any notice of Linch 's Law , which was once the lex loci of the frontiers . Its operation was as follows :— When a horse thief , a counterfeiter , or any other desperate vagabond , infested a neighbourhood , evading justice by cunning , or by a strong arm , or by the number of his confederates , the citizens formed themselves into a “ regulating company , ” a kind of holy brotherhood , whose duty was to purge the community of its unruly members . Mounted , armed , and commanded by a leader , they proceeded to arrest such notorious offenders as were deemed fit subjects of exemplary justice ; their operations were generally carried on in the night . Squire Birch , who was personated by one of the party , established his tribunal under a tree in the woods , and the culprit was brought before him , tried , and generally convicted ; he was then tied to a tree , lashed without mercy , and ordered to leave the country within a given time , under pain of a second visitation . It seldom happened that more than one or two were thus punished ; their confederates took the hint and fled , or were admonished to quit the neighbourhood . ” MONUMENTAL ALTERATION . The following odd story is related respecting a monument in a chapel , adjoining Stene , a fine family seat in the north :— The sculptor , in that vile taste which seems to have originated in an unhappy design of making every thing connected with the grave revolting to our feelings , had ornamented this monument with “ a very ghastly , grinning alabaster skull ; ” and the bishop one day expressed a wish to his domestic chaplain , Dr. Grey , that it had not been placed there . Grey , upon this , sent to Banbury for the sculptor , and consulted with him whether it was not possible to convert it into a soothing , instead of a painful object . After some consideration , the artist declared that the only thing into which he could possibly convert it was — a bunch of grapes ! and accordingly , at this day , a bunch of grapes may be seen upon the monument ; for the chapel , which for a time had been abandoned to the rooks and daws who built their nests among the monuments , has been repaired , and is now united to the rectory of Hinton . It is easier to induce people to follow than to set an example — however good it may be both for themselves and others , most men have a silly squeamishness about proposing an adjournment from the dinner table . The host , fearing that his guest may take it for a token that he loves his wine better than his friends , is obliged to feign an unwillingness to leave the bottle , and , as Sponge says — “ In good truth , ‘ tis impossible , nay , I say it is impudent , to contradict any gentleman at his own table ; the president is always the wisest man in the party . ” “ Be of our patron 's mind , whate'er he says ; Sleep very much , think little , and talk less ; Mind neither good nor bad , nor right nor wrong , But eat your pudding , fool , and hold your tongue . ” MAT . PRIOR . Therefore his friends , unless a special commission be given to them for that purpose , feel unwilling to break the gay circle of conviviality , and are individually shy of asking for what almost every one wishes .— Kitchiner . Though much has been done , the orthography of the Dutch language can hardly be considered as positively fixed . A witty writer and one who has biographized the Dutch poets with some severity , but much talent , says — Spell — “ Wereld “ — so sets up Siegenbeek , and then Comes Bilderdyk , and flings it down again . He will have “ Wareld ” — ‘ Tis a pretty quarrel Shall I determine who shall wear the laurel : Not I !— I like them both — and so I 'll say “ Waereld ” — and each shall have his own dear way . THE MEXICAN NAVY Is in a most deplorable state . The difficulty of reducing the Castle of San Juan de Ulloa led to the collection of some gun-boats , a couple of sloops of war , and two or three armed schooners . This number has since received the addition of a line of battle ship , two frigates , and some other vessels of war . Some English and American officers were engaged , but we believe that all the former have left the service , and that very few of the latter remain . Commodore Porter , of vain-glorious memory , ( who once wrote a book of Voyages ,) was , and may be still , the marine commandant , and distinguished himself by threatening to blockade Cuba , and by being obliged to skulk at Key West , to avoid destruction by the gallant Laborde . The Mexicans require no navy , and cannot maintain one ; the sooner , therefore , they restrict it to a very few revenue cutters the better . The nature of the country and the destructive climate of the coast , diminish greatly the necessity for keeping up a military establishment for external defence . Foreign invasion can do little ; more is to be dreaded from internal dissensions .— Foreign Quarterly Review . A prudent host , who is not in the humour to submit to an attack from “ staunch topers , ” “ who love to keep it up ” as bons vivants , whose favourite song is ever “ Fly not yet , ” will engage some sober friends to fight on his side , and at a certain hour to vote for “ no more wine , ” and bravely demand “ tea , ” and will select his company with as much care as a chemist composes a neutral salt , judiciously providing quite as large a proportion of alkali ( tea men ) as he has of acid ( wine men .) To adjust the balance of power at the court of Bacchus , occasionally requires as much address as sagacious politicians say is sometimes requisite to direct the affairs of other courts . To make the summons of the tea table serve as an effective ejectment to the dinner table , let it be announced as a special invitation from the lady of the house . It may be , for example , “ Mrs. Souchong requests the pleasure of your company to the drawing-room . ” This is an irresistible mandamus . “ Though Bacchus may boast of his care-killing bowl , And Folly in thought drowning revels delight , Such worship soon loses its charms for the soul , When softer devotions our senses invite . ” CAPTAIN MORRIS . Dr. Kitchiner . MAKING TEA . It has been long observed that the infusion of tea made in silver , or polished metal tea-pots , is stronger than that which is produced in black , or other kinds of earthenware pots . This is explained on the principle , that polished surfaces retain heat much better than dark , rough surfaces , and that , consequently , the caloric being confined in the former case , must act more powerfully than in the latter . It is further certain , that the silver or metal pot , when filled a second time , produces worse tea than the earthenware vessel ; and that it is advisable to use the earthenware pot , unless a silver or metal one can be procured sufficiently large to contain at once all that may be required . These facts are readily explained by considering , that the action of heat retained by the silver vessel so far exhausts the herb as to leave very little soluble substance for a second infusion ; whereas the reduced temperature of the water in the earthenware pot , by extracting only a small proportion at first , leaves some soluble matter for the action of a subsequent infusion . The reason for pouring boiling water into the tea-pot before the infusion of the tea is made , is , that the vessel being previously warm , may abstract less heat from the mixture , and thus admit a more powerful action . Neither is it difficult to explain the fact why the infusion of tea is stronger if only a small quantity of boiling water be first used , and more be added some time afterwards ; for if we consider that only the water immediately in contact with the herb can act upon it , and that it cools very rapidly , especially in earthenware vessels , it is clear that the effect will be greater where the heat is kept up by additions of boiling water , than where the vessel is filled at once , and the fluid suffered gradually to cool . When the infusion has once been completed , it is found that any further addition of the herb only affords a very small increase in the strength , the water having cooled much below the boiling point , and consequently , acting very slightly . Ibid . THE NATURALIST . THE HUMAN EAR . The ear consists of three principal divisions , viz . the external , intermediate , and internal ear . The different parts of the first division , or external ear , are described by anatomists under the name of the helix , antihelix , tragus , antitragus , the lobe , cavitas innominata , the scapha , and the concha . In the middle of the external ear is the meatus , or passage , which varies in length in different individuals . The external or outward ear is designed by nature to stand prominent , and to bear its proportion in the symmetry of the head , but in Europe it is greatly flattened by the pressure of the dress ; it consists chiefly of elastic cartilage , formed with different hollows , or sinuosities , all leading into each other , and finally terminating in the concha , or immediate opening into the tube of the ear . This form is admirably adapted for the reception of sound , for collecting and retaining it , so that it may not pass off , or be sent too rapidly to the seat of the impression . There have been a few instances of men who had the power of moving the external ear in a similar manner to that of animals ; but these instances are very rare , and rather deviations from the general structure ; nor did it appear in these instances that such individuals heard more acutely : a proof that such a structure would be of no advantage to the human subject . With respect to the external ear in man , whether it is completely removed either by accident or design , deafness ensues , although its partial removal is not attended with this inconvenience : the external ear , therefore , or something in its form to collect sound , is a necessary part of the organ . The next division is the intermediate ear ; it consists of the tympanum , mastoid cells , and Eustachian tube . The tympanum contains four small delicate bones , viz . the malleus , the incus , the stapes , and the os orbiculare , joined to the incus . The intermediate ear displays an irregular cavity , having a membrane , called the membrana tympani , stretched across its extremity ; and this cavity has a communication with the external air , through the Eustachian tube , which leads into the fauces , or throat . The membrane of the tympanum is intended to carry the vibrations of the atmosphere , collected by the outward ear , to the chain of bones which form the peculiar mechanism of the tympanum . Besides the effect of the hard and bony parts of the ear in increasing the power of sound , the tension of the different membranes is also a requisite : thus various muscles are so situated as to put the membrane on the stretch , that the sound , striking upon it , may , from its tension , similar to that of the parchment of a drum-head , have full influence upon the sense . In respect to its tension , the membrane of the tympanum may be also compared , not unaptly , to the string of a violin , or musical instrument , even more properly than to a drum ; as the state of tension and relaxation in such chords produces a variety of sound in the instrument , so , in the same manner , circumstances , which affect the tension and relaxation of the tympanum , vary most perceptibly its powers of action , and the customary agency of the organ . Its four bones act mechanically , in consequence of the power of the local muscles : they strike like the key of an instrument , and produce a percussion on the nerves of the tympanum . Not only may the membrane of the tympanum be partially destroyed , and hearing be preserved , but the small bones of the tympanum have been in certain cases lost , or have come away , from ulceration , and through a constitutional or other cause ; but in such cases it appears that the stapes was , in most instances , left , and thus the openings of the fenestra ovata and fenestra rotunda were preserved , which prevented the escape of sound from the labyrinth and internal parts . With respect to the Eustachian tube , its aperture into the throat seems indispensable to hearing ; and whenever closed , from malconfirmation or disease , deafness is the certain consequence . The third division of the organ is the internal ear , which is called the labyrinth ; it is divided into the vestibule , three semicircular canals , and the cochlea : the whole are incased within the petrous portion of the temporal bone . The internal ear may be considered as the actual seat of the organ ; it consists of a nervous expansion of high sensibility , the sentient extremities of which spread in every direction , and in the most minute manner ; inosculating with each other , and forming plexus , by which the auricular sense is increased . Here , also , sound is collected and retained by the mastoid cells and cochlea . To this apparatus is added the presence of a fluid , contained in sacs and membranes ; as this fluid is in large quantities in some animals , there is no doubt it is intended as an additional means for enforcing the impression : the known influence of water , as a powerful medium or conductor of sound , strengthens this idea . The internal ear of man , therefore , has all the known varieties of apparatus , which are only partially present in other classes of the creation ; and its perfection is best judged of , by considering the variety or form of the internal ear of other animals . The internal ear of some animals consists of little more than a sac of fluid , on which is expanded a small nervous pulp ; according to the situation of this , whether the creature lives in water , or is partially exposed to the air , it has an external opening with the ear , or otherwise .— Lecture delivered at the Royal Institution , May 30 , 1828 — by J. H . Curtis , Esq . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . POETICAL WILL Of Nathaniel Lloyd , Esq . Twickenham , Middlesex . What I am going to bequeath , When this frail part submits to death ; But still I hope the spark divine , With its congenial stars shall shine . My good executors , fulfil } I pray ye , fairly my goodwill } With first and second codicil , } And first , I give to dear Lord Hinton , At Twyford School , now not at Winton , One hundred guineas for a ring , Or some such memorandum thing , And truly much I should have blundered , Had I not given another hundred To Vere , Earl Powlett 's second son , Who dearly loves a little fun . Unto my nephew , Robert Langdon , Of whom none says he e'er has wrong done , Though civil law he loves to hash , I give two hundred pounds in cash . One hundred pounds to my niece , Tuder , ( With loving eyes one Brandon view 'd her ,) And to her children just among ‘ em , In equal shares I freely give them . To Charlotte Watson and Mary Lee , If they with Lady Poulett be , Because they round the year did dwell In Twickenham house , and served full well , When Lord and Lady both did stray Over the hills and far away , The first ten pounds , the other twenty , And girls , I hope , that will content ye . In seventeen hundred and sixty-nine , This with my hand I write and sign , The sixteenth day of fair October , In merry mood , but sound and sober , Past my three-score and fifteenth year , With spirits gay , and conscience clear , Joyous and frolicsome , though old , And like this day , serene but cold , To friends well wishing , and to friends most kind , In perfect charity with all mankind . C. K. W . An Irish gentleman being accustomed to take a walk early every morning , was met by an acquaintance , about ten o'clock , who asking him if he had been taking his morning 's walk , was answered in the negative , but , added the honest Hibernian , “ I intend to take it in the afternoon . ” W. G. C . A French writer having lampooned a nobleman , was caned by him for his licentious wit ; when , applying to the Duke of Orleans , then Regent , and begging him to do him justice , the duke replied , with a smile , “ Sir , it has been done already . ” LIMBIRD 'S EDITION OF THE Following Novels is already Published : s. d. Mackenzie 's Man of Feeling 0 6 Paul and Virginia 0 6 The Castle of Otranto 0 6 Almoran and Hamet 0 6 Elizabeth , or the Exiles of Siberia 0 6 The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne 0 6 Rasselas 0 8 The Old English Baron 0 8 Nature and Art 0 8 Goldsmith 's Vicar of Wakefield 0 10 Sicilian Romance 1 0 The Man of the World 1 0 A Simple Story 1 4 Joseph Andrews 1 6 Humphry Clinker 1 8 The Romance of the Forest 1 8 The Italian 2 0 Zeluco , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Edward , by Dr. Moore 2 6 Roderick Random 2 6 The Mysteries of Udolpho 3 6 Peregrine Pickle 4 6