THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION VOL . 17 , NO . 488 .] SATURDAY , MAY 7 , 1831 . [ PRICE 2d . ST. GEORGE 'S CHAPEL , WINDSOR . ST. GEORGE 'S CHAPEL , WINDSOR . This venerable structure , as we explained in No . 486 of The Mirror , is situated in the lower ward or court of Windsor Castle . It stands in the centre , and in a manner , divides the court into two parts . On the north or inner side are the houses and apartments of the Dean and Canons of St. George 's Chapel , with those of the minor canons , clerks , and other officers ; and on the south and west sides of the outer part are the houses of the Poor Knights of Windsor . The Engraving represents the south front of the Chapel as it presents itself to the passenger through Henry the Eighth 's Gateway , the principal entrance to the Lower Ward . The entrance to the Chapel , as shown in the Engraving , is that generally used , and was formed by command of George the Fourth ; through which his Majesty 's remains were borne , according to a wish expressed some time previous to his death . The exterior of the Chapel requires but few descriptive details . The interior will be found in our last volume . It is a beautiful structure , in the purest style of the Pointed architecture , and was founded by Edward the Third , in 1377 , for the honour of the Order of the Garter . But however noble the first design , it was improved by Edward the Fourth and Henry the Seventh , in whose reign the famous Sir Reg . Bray , K. G ., assisted in ornamenting the chapel and completing the roof . The architecture of the inside has ever been esteemed for its great beauty ; and , in particular , the stone vaulting is reckoned an excellent piece of workmanship . It is an ellipsis , supported by lofty pillars , whose ribs and groins sustain the whole roof , every part of which has some different device well finished , as the arms of several of our kings , great families , & c. On each side of the choir are the stalls of the Sovereign and Knights of the Garter , with the helmet , mantling , crest , and sword of each knight , set up over his stall , on a canopy of ancient carving curiously wrought . Over the canopy is affixed the banner of each knight blazoned on silk , and on the backs of the stalls are the titles of the knights , with their arms neatly engraved and emblazoned on copper . There are several small chapels in this edifice , in which are the monuments of many illustrious persons ; particularly of Edward , Earl of Lincoln , a renowned naval warrior ; George Manners , Lord Roos , and Anne , his consort , niece of Edward the Fourth ; Anne , Duchess of Exeter , mother of that lady , and sister to the king ; Sir Reginald Bray , before mentioned ; and Charles Brandon , Duke of Suffolk , who married the sister of King Henry the Eighth . At the east end of St. George 's Chapel is a freestone edifice , built by Henry the Seventh , as a burial-place for himself and his successors ; but afterwards altering his purpose , he began the more noble structure at Westminster ; and this remained neglected until Cardinal Wolsey obtained a grant of it from Henry the Eighth , and , with a profusion of expense , began here a sumptuous monument for himself , whence this building obtained the name of Wolsey 's Tomb House . This monument was so magnificently built , that it exceeded that of Henry the Seventh , in Westminster Abbey ; and at the time of the cardinal 's disgrace , the tomb was so far executed , that Benedetto , a statuary of Florence , received 4 , 250 ducats for what he had already done ; and 380l . 18s . had been paid for gilding only half of this monument . The cardinal dying soon after his disgrace , was buried in the cathedral at York , and the monument remained unfinished . In 1646 , the statues and figures of gilt copper , of exquisite workmanship , were sold . James the Second converted this building into a Popish chapel , and mass was publicly performed here . The ceiling was painted by Verrio , and the walls were finely ornamented and painted ; but the whole having been neglected since the reign of James the Second , it fell into a complete state of decay , from which , however , it was some years ago retrieved by George the Third , who had it magnificently completed ( under the direction of the late James Wyatt , Esq .) in accordance with the original style , and a mausoleum constructed within , as a burial-place for the royal family . Windsor Castle , as the reader may recollect , was magnificently re-built by William of Wykeham , who was Clerk of the Works to Edward the Third , in 1356 . Little now remains of Wykeham 's workmanship , save the round tower , and this has just been raised considerably . Wykeham had power to press all sorts of artificers , and to provide stone , timber , and all necessary materials for conveyance and erection . Indeed , Edward caused workmen to be impressed out of London and several counties , to the number of five or six hundred , by writs directed to the various sheriff 's , who were commanded to take security of the masons and joiners , that they should not leave Windsor without permission of the architect . What a contrast are these strong measures with the scrutinized votes of money recently made for the renovation of the Castle ! ORIGIN OF THE WORD ALBION . ( To the Editor .) To the elucidation of the word Britannia , contained in your 486th number , I beg to add the opinion of the same author on the subject of Albion :— “ Albion ( the most ancient name of this Isle ) containeth Englande and Scotlande : of the beginning ( origin ) of which name haue been sundrie opinios ( opinions ): One late feigned by him , which first prynted the Englishe Chronicle , [ 1 ] wherein is neither similitude of trouth , reasone , nor honestie : I mean the fable of the fiftie doughters of Dioclesian , kyng of Syria , where neuer any other historic maketh mencion of a kyng of Syria , so named : Also that name is Greke , and no part of the language of Syria . Moreouer the coming of theim from Syria in a shippe or boate without any marynours ( mariners ) thorowe ( through ) the sea called Mediterraneum , into the occean , and so finally to finde this He , and to inhabit it , * * * * is both impossible , and much reproche to this noble Realme , to ascribe hir first name and habitation , to such inuention . Another opinion is ( which hath a more honeste similitude ) that it was named Albion , ab albis rupibus , of white rockes , because that unto them , that come by sea , the bankes and rockes of this He doe appeare whyte . Of this opinion I moste mervayle ( marvel ) , because it is written of great learned men , First , Albion is no latin worde , nor hath the analogie , that is to saie , proportion or similitude of latine . For who hath founde this syllable on , at the ende of a latin woord . And if it should have b æ n ( been ) so called for the whyte colour of the rockes , men would have called called it ( I believe this to be a misprint ) Alba , or Albus , or Album . In Italy were townes called Alba [ 2 ] and in Asia a countrey called Albania , and neither of them took their beginning of whyte rockes , or walles , as ye may read in books of geographic : nor the water of the ryuer called Albis , semeth any whiter than other water . But if where auncient remembraunce of the beginning of thinges lacketh , it may be leeful for men to use their conjectures , than may myne be as well accepted as Plinies ( although he incomparably excelled me in wisedome e doctrine ) specially if it may app é er , that my coiecture ( conjecture ) shal approch more neere to the similitude of trouth . Wherfore I will also sett foorth mine opinion onely to the intent to exclude fables , lackyng eyther honestie or reasonable similitudes . Whan the Greekes began first to prosper , and their cities became populous , and wared puissaunt , they which trauailed on the seas , and also the yles in the seas called Hellespontus , Æ igeum and Creticu ( m ) , after that thei knewe perfectly the course of sailynge , and had founden thereby profyte , they by little and little attempted to serch and finde out the commodities of outwarde countrees : and like as Spaniardes and Portugalls haue late doone , they experienced to seeke out countries before unknown . And at laste passynge the streictes of Marrocke ( Morocco ) they entered into the great occean sea , where they fond ( found ) dyvers and many Iles . Among which they perceiuing this Ile to be not onely the greatest in circuite , but also most plenteouse of every necessary to man , the earth moste apte to bring forth , ” & c. The learned prelate goes on to enumerate the natural advantages of our country . He continues — “ They wanderynge and reioysinge at their good and fortunate arrival , named this yle in Greeke Olbion , which in Englishe signifieth happy . ” Foley Place . AN ANTIQUARY . [ 1 ] Holinshed . [ 2 ] Alba , the city of Romulus , the founder of Rome , was called so from a white sow found there by Æ neas .— Vide Livy , lib . i Cum tibi sollicito secreti ad fluminis undam Litoreis ingens inventa sub illicibus sus , Triginta capitum foetus enixa jacebit , Alba , solo recubans , albi circum ubera nati : Is locus urbis erit ei . Virgil Æ neid , lib . iii . v. 390 . When , in the shady shelter of a wood And near the margin of a gentle flood , Thou shalt behold a sow upon the ground , With thirty sucking young encompassed round ; The dam and offspring white as falling snow : These on thy city shall their name bestow , & c . DRYDEN . LINES . ( For the Mirror .) “ Preach to the storm , or reason with despair , But tell not misery 's son that life is fair ” H. K . WHITE . I mark 'd his eye — it beam 'd with gladness , His ceaseless smile and joyous air , His infant soul had ne'er felt sadness , Nor kenn 'd he yet but life was fair . His chubby cheek with genuine mirth Blown out — while all around him smiled , And fairy-land to him seemed earth , I envied him , unwitting child . I look 'd again — his eye was flush 'd With passion proud and deep delight , But often o'er his brow there gush 'd A blackened cloud which made it night , But still the cloud would wear away , ( His youthful cheek was red and rare ,) And still his heart beat light and gay , Still did he fancy life was fair . Again I looked — another change — The darkened eye , the visage wan , Told me that sorrow had been there , Told me that time had made him man . His brow was overcast , and deep Had care , the demon , furrow 'd there , I heard him sigh with anguish deep , “ Oh ! tell me not that life is fair . ” COLBOURNE . BIRTHPLACE OF LOCKE . ( To the Editor .) The philosopher was born in the room lighted by the upper window on the right , in your Engraving No . 487 . It is a small , plain apartment , having few indications of former respectability . In the garden of Barley Wood , near Wrington , the residence of the religious and sentimental Hannah More , stands an urn commemorative of Locke , the gift of Mrs. Montague , with the following inscription : To JOHN LOCKE , Born in this village . This memorial is erected by Mrs. Montague , and presented to HANNAH MORE . J. SILVESTER . THE SELECTOR , AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . A FUNERAL AT SEA . We quote the following “ last scene of poor Jack 's eventful history ” from Capt . Basil Hall 's Fragments of Voyages and Travel , a work , observes the Quarterly Review , “ sure sooner or later , to be in everybody 's hands . ” “ It need not be mentioned , that the surgeon is in constant attendance upon the dying man , who has generally been removed from his hammock to a cot , which is larger and more commodious , and is placed within a screen on one side of the sick bay , as the hospital of the ship is called . It is usual for the captain to pass through this place , and to speak to the men every morning ; and I imagine there is hardly a ship in the service in which wine , fresh meat , and any other supplies recommended by the surgeon , are not sent from the tables of the captain and officers to such of the sick men as require a more generous diet than the ship 's stores provided . After the carver in the gun-room has helped his messmates , he generally turns to the surgeon , and says , ‘ Doctor , what shall I send to the sick ? ’ But , even without this , the steward would certainly be taken to task were he to omit inquiring , as a matter of course , what was wanted in the sick bay . The restoration of the health of the invalids by such supplies is perhaps not more important , however , than the moral influence of the attention on the part of the officers . I would strongly recommend every captain to be seen ( no matter for how short a time ) by the bed-side of any of his crew whom the surgeon may report as dying . Not occasionally , and in the flourishing style with which we read of great generals visiting hospitals , but uniformly and in the quiet sobriety of real kindness , as well as hearty consideration for the feelings of a man falling at his post in the service of his country . He who is killed in action has a brilliant Gazette to record his exploits , and the whole country may be said to attend his death-bed . But the merit is not less — or may even be much greater — of the soldier or sailor who dies of a fever in a distant land — his story untold , and his sufferings unseen . In warring against climates unsuited to his frame , he may have encountered , in the public service , enemies often more formidable than those who handle pike and gun . There should be nothing left undone , therefore , at such a time , to show not only to the dying man , but to his shipmates and his family at home , that his services are appreciated . I remembered , on one occasion , hearing the captain of a ship say to a poor fellow who was almost gone , that he was glad to see him so cheerful at such a moment ; and begged to know if he had anything to say . ‘ I hope , sir , ’ said the expiring seaman with a smile , ‘ I have done my duty to your satisfaction ; ’ ‘ That you have , my lad , ’ said his commander , ‘ and to the satisfaction of your country , too . ’ ‘ That is all I wanted to know , sir , ’ replied the man . These few commonplace words cost the captain not five minutes of his time , but were long recollected with gratitude by the people under his orders , and contributed , along with many other graceful acts of considerate attention , to fix his authority . “ If a sailor who knows he is dying , has a captain who pleases him , he is very likely to send a message by the surgeon to beg a visit — not often to trouble his commander with any commission , but merely to say something at parting . No officer , of course , would ever refuse to grant such an interview , but it appears to me it should always be volunteered ; for many men may wish it , whose habitual respect would disincline them to take such a liberty , even at the moment when all distinctions are about to cease . “ Very shortly after poor Jack dies , he is prepared for his deep-sea grave by his messmates , who , with the assistance of the sailmaker , and in the presence of the master-at-arms , sew him up in his hammock , and , having placed a couple of cannon-shot at his feet , they rest the body ( which now not a little resembles an Egyptian mummy ) on a spare grating . Some portion of the bedding and clothes are always made up in the package — apparently to prevent the form being too much seen . It is then carried aft , and , being placed across the after-hatchway , the union jack is thrown over all . Sometimes it is placed between two of the guns , under the half deck ; bat generally , I think , he is laid where I have mentioned , just abaft the mainmast . I should have mentioned before , that as soon as the surgeon 's ineffectual professional offices are at an end , he walks to the quarter-deck , and reports to the officer of the watch that one of his patients has just expired . At whatever hour of the day or night this occurs , the captain is immediately made acquainted with the circumstance . “ Next day , generally about eleven o'clock , the bell on which the half-hours are struck , is tolled for the funeral , and all who choose to be present , assemble on the gangways , booms , and round the mainmast , while the forepart of the quarter-deck is occupied by the officers . In some ships — and it ought perhaps to be so in all — it is made imperative on the officers and crew to attend the ceremony . If such attendance be a proper mark of respect to a professional brother — as it surely is — it ought to be enforced , and not left to caprice . There may , indeed , be times of great fatigue , when it would harass men and officers , needlessly , to oblige them to come on deck for every funeral , and upon such occasions the watch on deck may be sufficient . Or , when some dire disease gets into a ship , and is cutting down her crew by its daily and nightly , or it maybe hourly ravages , and when , two or three times in a watch , the ceremony must be repeated , those only , whose turn it is to be on deck , need be assembled . In such fearful times , the funeral is generally made to follow close upon the death . “ While the people are repairing to the quarter-deck , in obedience to the summons of the bell , the grating on which the body is placed , being lifted from the main-deck by the messmates of the man who has died , is made to rest across the lee-gangway . The stanchions for the man-ropes of the side are unshipped , and an opening made at the after-end of the hammock netting , sufficiently large to allow a free passage . The body is still covered by the flag already mentioned , with the feet projecting a little over the gunwale , while the messmates of the deceased arrange themselves on each side . A rope , which is kept out of sight in these arrangements , is then made fast to the grating , for a purpose which will be seen presently . When all is ready , the chaplain , if there be one on board , or , if not , the captain , or any of the officers he may direct to officiate , appears on the quarter-deck and commences the beautiful service , which , though but too familiar to most ears , I have observed , never fails to rivet the attention even of the rudest and least reflecting . Of course , the bell has ceased to toll , and every one stands in silence and uncovered as the prayers are read . Sailors , with all their looseness of habits , are well disposed to be sincerely religious ; and when they have fair play given them , they will always , I believe , be found to stand on as good vantage ground , in this respect , as their fellow-countrymen on shore . Be this as it may , there can be no more attentive , or apparently reverent auditory , than assembles on the deck of a ship of war , on the occasion of a shipmate 's burial . “ The land service for the burial of the dead contains the following words : ‘ Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God , of his great mercy , to take unto himself the soul of our dear brother here departed , we therefore commit his body to the ground ; earth to earth , ashes to ashes , dust to dust ; in sure and certain hope , ’ & c. Every one I am sure , who has attended the funeral of a friend — and whom will this not include ?— must recollect the solemnity of that stage of the ceremony , where , as the above words are pronounced , there are cast into the grave three successive portions of earth , which , falling on the coffin , send up a hollow , mournful sound , resembling no other that I know . In the burial service at sea , the part quoted above is varied in the following very striking and solemn manner :— ‘ Forasmuch , ’ & c .— ‘ we therefore commit his body to the deep , to be turned into corruption , looking for the resurrection of the body , when the sea shall give up her dead , and the life of the world to come , ’ & c. At the commencement of this part of the service , one of the seamen stoops down , and disengages the flag from the remains of his late shipmate , while the others , at the words ‘ we commit his body to the deep , ’ project the grating right into the sea . The body being loaded with shot at one end , glances off the grating , plunges at once into the ocean , and — “ ‘ In a moment , like a drop of rain , He sinks into its depths with bubbling groan , Without a grave , unknelled , uncoffined , and unknown . ’ “ This part of the ceremony is rather less impressive than the correspondent part on land ; but still there is something solemn , as well as startling , in the sudden splash , followed by the sound of the grating , as it is towed along under the main-chains . “ In a fine day at sea , in smooth water , and when all the ship 's company and officers are assembled , the ceremony just described , although a melancholy one , as it must always be , is often so pleasing , all things considered , that it is calculated to leave even cheerful impressions on the mind . ” ( Even Captain Hall , however , admits that a sea-funeral may sometimes be a scene of unmixed sadness ; and he records the following as the most impressive of all the hundreds he has witnessed . It occurred in the Leander , off the coast of North America .) “ There was a poor little middy on board , so delicate and fragile , that the sea was clearly no fit profession for him ; but he or his friends thought otherwise ; and as he had a spirit for which his frame was no match , he soon gave token of decay . This boy was a great favourite with every body — the sailors smiled whenever he passed , as they would have done to a child — the officers petted him , and coddled him up with all sorts of good things — and his messmates , in a style which did not altogether please him , but which he could not well resist , as it was meant most kindly , nicknamed him Dolly . Poor fellow !— he was long remembered afterwards . I forget what his particular complaint was , but he gradually sunk ; and at last went out just as a taper might have done , exposed to such gusts of wind as blew in that tempestuous region . He died in the morning ; but it was not until the evening that he was prepared for a seaman 's grave . “ I remember , in the course of the day , going to the side of the boy 's hammock , and on laying my hand upon his breast , was astonished to find it still warm — so much so , that I almost imagined I could feel the heart beat . This , of course , was a vain fancy ; but I was much attached to my little companion , being then not much taller myself — and I was soothed and gratified , in a childish way , by discovering that my friend , though many hours dead , had not yet acquired the usual revolting chillness . “ In after years I have sometimes thought of this incident , when reflecting on the pleasing doctrine of the Spaniards — that as soon as children die , they are translated into angels , without any of those cold obstructions , which , they pretend , intercept and retard the souls of other mortals . The peculiar circumstances connected with the funeral which I am about to describe , and the fanciful superstitions of the sailors upon the occasion , have combined to fix the whole scene in my memory . “ Something occurred during the day to prevent the funeral taking place at the usual hour , and the ceremony was deferred till long after sunset . The evening was extremely dark , and it was blowing a treble-reefed topsail breeze . We had just sent down the top-gallant yards , and made all snug for a boisterous winter 's night . As it became necessary to have lights to see what was done , several signal lanterns were placed on the break of the quarter-deck , and others along the hammock railings on the lee-gangway . The whole ship 's company and officers were assembled , some on the booms , others in the boats ; while the main-rigging was crowded half way up to the cat-harpings . Over-head , the mainsail , illuminated as high as the yard by the lamps , was bulging forwards under the gale , which was rising every minute , and straining so violently at the main-sheet , that there was some doubt whether it might not be necessary to interrupt the funeral in order to take sail off the ship . The lower deck ports lay completely under water , and several times the muzzles of the main-deck guns were plunged into the sea ; so that the end of the grating on which the remains of poor Dolly were laid , once or twice nearly touched the tops of the waves , as they foamed and hissed past . The rain fell fast on the bare heads of the crew , dropping also on the officers , during all the ceremony , from the foot of the mainsail , and wetting the leaves of the prayer-book . The wind sighed over us amongst the wet shrouds , with a note so mournful , that there could not have been a more appropriate dirge . “ The ship — pitching violently — strained and creaked from end to end : so that , what with the noise of the sea , the rattling of the ropes , and the whistling of the wind , hardly one word of the service could be distinguished . The men , however , understood , by a motion of the captain 's hand , when the time came — and the body of our dear little brother was committed to the deep . “ So violent a squall was sweeping past the ship at this moment , that no sound was heard of the usual splash , which made the sailors allege that their young favourite never touched the water at all , but was at once carried off in the gale to his final resting-place ! ” THE TOPOGRAPHER . TRAVELLING NOTES IN SOUTH WALES . ( For the Mirror .) Either shore Presents its combination to the view Of all that interests , delights , enchants ;— Corn-waving fields , and pastures green , and slope , And swell alternate , summits crown 'd with leaf , And grave-encircled mansions , verdant capes , The beach , the inn , the farm , the mill , the path , And tinkling rivulets , and waters wide , Spreading in lake-like mirrors to the sun . N. T . CARRINGTON . Swansea Bay :— Scenery and Antiquities of Gower . The coast scenery of the western portion of Glamorgan is of singular beauty . We shall ever recall with delight our recollections of Gower , and we believe the future tourist will thank us for the outline of the more prominent beauties in the circle of the district , which we now give . Let us suppose ourselves at Swansea , and start on an excursion to the Mumbles and Caswell Bay . A road has been formed within these few years to the village of Oystermouth , about five miles from Swansea . It is perfectly level , bounded by a tram-road , and runs close to the sea-beach , forming the western side of Swansea Bay . The encroachments of the sea have been very extensive here ; at high water shipping now traverse what was fifty years ago , we are told , a marshy flat , bordered by a wood near the present road , the stumps of which yet appear on the sandy beach . We have several times on riding to low water mark ( about three quarters of a mile out ) been nearly involved in a quick-sand adventure . Landward , the ground is broken and elevated , and thickly studded with gentlemen 's seats the whole distance ; many of which are embosomed in wood , and have a beautiful effect . Marino , an extensive new mansion in the Elizabethan or old English style of architecture , belonging to Mr. J. H . Vivian , and Woodlands Castle , the seat of General Warde , which is very picturesque , are particularly deserving of attention . After passing the hamlet of Norton , you near Oystermouth Castle , an extensive and splendid Gothic ruin , in fine preservation , which rears its “ ivy-mantled ” walls , above an eminence adjoining the road . Some suppose it to have been built by Henry de Newburgh , Earl of Warwick , in Henry the First 's reign ; others ascribe it on better authority to the Lords Braose , of Gower , in the reign of John ; it is now the property of the Duke of Beaufort , whose care in its preservation cannot be too much commended . The inspection of this interesting ruin will repay the traveller : By the grim storm-clouds overcast , Even like a spectre of the past ,— Of rapine , feudal strife , and blood , Thou tellest an old , wild , warlike story , When squadrons on thy ramparts stood , With spear and shield in martial glory ! DELTA . The walls are very lofty and not much injured by time ; the plan of the various chambers , extensive vaults and chambers in the inner courtyard , can be perfectly distinguished . The general form of the castle , which must once have been very strong , is nearly a square , with a projecting gatehouse to the S. E . which is almost perfect . The keep on the eastern side commands a lovely view . About half a mile further is the village of Oystermouth , clustering with its whitewashed roofs along the foot and declivity of a high mass of rock , which juts boldly out into the sea for half a mile , forming the south-eastern extremity of Gower , and terminating Swansea Bay . The village is celebrated as a bathing place , and for its extensive fishery for oysters , with which it supplies Bristol , Gloucestershire , North Somerset , & c. This trade gives occupation to a considerable number of fishermen who are the chief inhabitants of the place ; but in the spring and summer , Oystermouth , in consequence of the great beauty of the situation , and its extreme salubrity , is completely filled with strangers , and high rates are obtained for lodgings ; the accommodations are mostly indifferent , though the place is improving fast . The prospect from the summit of the rocks is truly exhilarating and beautiful . On one side , the spectator beholds just below him , the Atlantic rushing with all its majesty up the Bristol Channel — rising over the mixon sands into a really mountainous swell — while on the other , Swansea Bay , glittering with the white sails and varied combinations of a crowd of shipping , seems spread out like a vast and beautiful lake ; its eastern shores bounded in the distance by the mountainous and woody scenery of Britton-Ferry , Aberavon , Margam , gradually diminishing towards Pyle . To the north , beyond the town of Swansea , an immense cloud of smoke is seen suspended over the Vales of Tawy and Neath — an abomination in the face of heaven . Such is the Welsh Bay of Naples , which presents this remarkable appearance at this spot . The anchorage aside this range of cliffs affords , except in an east wind , a very secure road for shipping ; sometimes in strong weather there are two or three hundred sail lying here . At the termination of the peninsula are two rocky islands called the Mumbles , and on the farthest is a large light-house ; for the support of which a rate is levied on all the shipping up and down channel . Below the light-house an immense cavern called “ Bob 's Cove ” can be seen at low water . We were told that the village under the shadow of the rocks , loses sight of the sun for three months in winter , but this is not “ quite correct . ” Let us proceed westward . About a mile from Oystermouth is Newton ; where there are several lodging-houses . There have been many instances of great longevity at this village , which is perhaps the healthiest spot on the coast . The road to Caswell Bay , which passes through Newton , is almost impassable for horses ; a new one however is talked of . The rocky valley leading to Caswell Bay , which abruptly comes in sight between two projecting rocks , is singularly wild and romantic . The bay is absolutely a mine of the picturesque — the Lullworth Cove of Wales . A day may be spent delightfully among its rocks and caverns — taking care to visit them at low water . A few miles westward is Oxwich Bay , the main attraction of the coast , along the rocky summit of which the pedestrian should “ wend his way , ” with the ocean roaring far beneath him . We will , however , return to Swansea , and endeavour briefly to recall our first excursion into Gower . Let us fancy ourselves therefore , on a bright April morning , riding along with a friend — a stranger like ourselves — on the high road from Swansea into the interior of the peninsula . After cantering over about seven miles of hill and valley and common , we entered a woody defile , and at last opened , to use a nautical phrase , the “ Gower inn , ” ( eight miles ) which was built , we were told , expressly for the convenience of tourists . After ascending a tremendous rocky hill , for road it cannot be called , about a mile onwards , Oxwich Bay bursts at last in all its beauty upon our sight . In our inquiries during the day , of the few passengers we met , as to the distance of the village of Penrice , the intended limit of our day 's excursion , we were forcibly reminded of the “ mile and a bittock ” of the north . The country is very thinly populated here : at last we came in sight of the grounds of Penrice Castle , the beautiful mansion of Mr. Talbot , the member for the county ; the entrance to the park is between two of the towers belonging to the extensive and picturesque remains of the ancient Castle of Penrice , which stands close to the road . Sixteen miles from Swansea , after “ curses not loud but deep ” upon Welsh roads , we reached the sequestered village of Penrice , which stands on a wooded eminence of no easy access , overlooking the eastern shore of Oxwich Bay . ( To be continued .) SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY . ARCANA OF SCIENCE FOR 1831 . It has been our invariable practice to notice , by extract only , such works as we are connected with , or to which we have contributed ; and in the present case we shall do little more . Now , the reader need not be here told that the plan of an Annual Register of Inventions and Improvements originated in The Mirror about four years since . Our intention there was to quote an occasional page or two of novelties of popular interest in science and art , and leave more abstruse matters to the journals in which they originally appeared . This plan led us through most of the scientific records of the year , in which we began to perceive that the reduction of all subjects of importance was not compatible within a few pages , and sooner than allow many papers of value to every member of society to be locked under the uninviting denomination of philosophy , we undertook the abridgement and arrangement of such papers , upon the plan of an “ Annual Register , ” intending our volume specially to represent the progress of discovery just as the general “ Register ” is a contribution to history . The cost of the journals for this purpose proved to be upwards of Twelve Guineas , but this outlay only made us more pleased with the design . A single instance will suffice . The Philosophical Magazine , a work of high character , numbers among its purchasers but few general readers : it contains many mathematical , theoretical , and controversial papers , all of which may advance their object , but are not in a form sufficiently tangible for any but the scientific inquirer . Still , in the same Magazine , there may be papers of practical and directly useful character , and of ready application to the arts and interests of life and society . A person wishing to possess these popular papers must therefore purchase with them a quantity of matter which to him would be unintelligible , and the value of which could only be appreciated by direct study , a task of no small import in these days of cheap literature . That the plan has succeeded , and that its intention has been fully recognised , is borne out by the testimony of a score of our contemporaries . Of their praise we have no disposition to make an idle boast ; and our only object in the present notice is to do for ourselves what we could not perhaps expect a weekly or monthly critic to do for us , viz . to quote the subjects of a few of the valuable papers in the present volume , and then leave the reader to form his own conclusions of its intrinsic value . In Mechanical Science there are 100 closely-printed pages , or 90 articles . Among these are papers on novel applications of the gigantic power of Steam in Navigation and Agriculture , and especially in Railway Carriages ; the grand invention of the Air Engine ; improvements in Printing ; machinery in manufactures ; and contributions to experimental as well as practical mechanics . In Chemical Science there are upwards of 60 New Facts . Among these is a valuable paper on Arsenic , by Dr. Christison , ( from the Philosophical Magazine ;) a method of ascertaining the vegeto-alkali in Bark ; the influence of the Aurora Borealis on the Magnetic Needle ; Lieut . Drummond 's Plan for illuminating Light Houses by a ball of lime , ( from the Philosophical Transactions ) ; Laws of electrical accumulation , and the decomposition of water by atmospheric and ordinary electricity ; the new Indigo ; the spontaneous inflammation of charcoal ; the nitrous atmosphere of Tirhoot , one of the principal districts in India for the manufacture of salt-petre ; Discovery of a mass of meteoric iron in Bohemia ; the chemical composition of cheese ; Berzelius on the power of metallic rods to decompose water after their connexion with the galvanic pile is broken ; an alkaline principle in Box-wood ; Professor Davy on a new method of detecting metallic poisons ; Mr. Bennet 's new alloy for the pivot-holes of watches ; experiments with Aldini 's Fireproof Dresses ; Dr. Ure on the composition of Gunpowder , and on Indigo ; Dr. Bostock on the spontaneous purification of Thames water ; Abstracts of Berzelius ’ statement of the progress of Chemical Science for 1829 ; Mr. Broughton on the effects of oxygen gas on various animals , & c . In Zoology are papers — on the Fern Owl ; Mr. Rennie 's interesting Notes on the Cleanliness of Animals ; Mechanism of the Voice in Singing ; the Vision of Birds of Prey ; New species of British Snake ; Animalculae in Snow ; Habits of the Chameleon ; Peculiarity of the Negro Stomach ; Growth of Spanish Flies ; British Pearl Fishery on the Conway ; the cause of Goitre ; seat of the sense of touch and taste ; stones found in the stomach of Pikes ; Learned Poodles at Paris ; Faculties of Domestic Animals ; Increase of Mankind ; Larva of the Gad-fly , which deposits its eggs in the bodies of the human species ; Luminousness of the Sea , a valuable contribution ; Motions in water caused by the respiration of Fishes ; Cannibalism in New Guinea ; Heron swallowing a Rat ; Mr. Vigors on American Quails ; Mr. Yarrell 's experiments to preserve White Bait ; On the fascination of Serpents ; Notes on the Zoological Society , & c . In Botany , Mineralogy , and Geology , are — a valuable paper on the Flora of Sicily ; Supposed sub-marine banks from Newfoundland to the English Channel : Mr. Bakewell , Jun . on the Falls of Niagara : Mr. Bicheno on the Shamrock of Ireland ; Effect of Light on Plants ; Immense Tree in Mexico ; Mr. Murray on Raining Trees ; Forms and Relations of Volcanoes ; Cuticular Pores of Plants ; Volcano of Pietra Mala ; Milk Tree of Demarara ; Productiveness of Plants and Animals ; Height of the Perpetual Snows on the Cordillera of Peru ; Gerard 's Botanical Journey in the Himala Mountains ; Changes of temperature in Plants ; Humboldt 's account of the Gold and Platina district of Russia ; Sir H. Davy on the durability of Stone ; Dr. Hibbert 's account of a Natural Rocking-stone ; Notices of Fossil Organic Remains discovered within the year ; Instructions for collecting Geological specimens , & c . The Astronomical and Meteorological division contains some important observations on Atmospherical Electricity , by Dr. Brewster ; a note of the recent Visitation of Greenwich Observatory ; Snow of the winters 1829-30 ; Account of a Water-spout on the Lake Neufchatel ; Mr. Herapath and Sir James South on the Comet ; On the Rending of Timber by Lightning ; Curious account of Hay converted into Glass by Lightning ; The Occupation of Aldebaran by the Moon ; Aurora Borealis observed during the year ; and a Journal of the Weather of the year , by Mr. Tatem , the ingenious meteorologist , which paper we regret is not acknowledged from the Magazine of Natural History ; appended to this is a tabular Meteorological Summary of 1830 , communicated to the Arcana of Science by Dr. Armstrong . In Rural Economy there are Abstracts from papers of considerable value and extent — on Pasturages , Chlorides applied to diseased Animals , Quality of Waste Land from the plants growing in it , Malt Duties , Beet Root Sugar , Aliment from Straw , Planting and Pruning , Indian Corn , Mangold Wurzol , & c. In Gardening are upwards of 40 similar Abstracts . In Domestic Economy are some practical papers on Milk , Bread , Sugar , Storing Fruit , Beer from Sugar , & c. In Useful Arts are about half-a-dozen , pages . To these heads are added a List of Patents , Notices of Expeditions of Discovery , and a copious Index . The Illustrations , about twenty in number , represent such inventions as are most attractive by their ingenuity ; and by way of Synopsis we may state that the whole contents of the volume are nearly 400 abstracts , including probably three times as many new facts . The utility of such a yearly volume speaks for itself , and however ungracefully a recommendation might come from our pen we could not refrain from thus introducing it to the readers of the Mirror especially as the Arcana of Science contain scarcely half-a-dozen pages of facts which have been detailed in our weekly columns . NOTES OF A READER . CALENDAR OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND . This volume professes to be “ A Familiar Analysis of the Calendar of the Church of England , ” by explaining and illustrating its Fasts and Festivals , & c ., in the form of Question and Answer . The reader will not look for novelty in such a work . The editors of Time 's Telescope , Clavis Calendaria , the Every-day Book , & c ., have been too long and too laboriously employed in illustrating every point of the year 's history , to lead us to expect any new attraction . Indeed , the preface of the present work does not profess to furnish any such inducement , the editor resting his claim on the cheapness of his book in comparison with the Every-day Book . This is rather an ungracious recommendation : the “ Analysis ” consists of less than three hundred pages , and is sold for five or six shillings ; but these three hundred pages only equal seventy-five pages of the Every-day Book , or less than five sheets , which the public know may be purchased for fifteen-pence . One of the pretensions of the “ Analysis ” is its condensed form , but we suspect Mr. Valpy 's Epitomizing press would reduce the editor 's three hundred pages to seventy-five . It is a thankless office to be obliged to speak thus of a book on which some pains have been bestowed . Now , had it been printed within the compass of an eighteen-penny or two shilling catechism , the desired object would have been obtained ; but , as it appears , in the type of a large church prayer-book , what may have been gained in arrangement , must be paid for in paper and print , so that no good purpose is ultimately effected . FAMILIAR LAW . Parts 3 and 4 of the Familiar Law Adviser relate to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes — and Benefit Societies and Savings ’ Banks — and will be found extremely useful to very different classes . They have in them all the reforming spirit of the times , and must be of essential service everywhere , since cheap law is as desirable us any other species of economy . Brevity , too , as recommended in these little books , should be the soul of law as it is of wit , for we all know that as the law lengthens so the cost strengthens . Another advantage will be , that the sooner a man is set right , the more time will he have for increasing his good actions in this life . DEATH . Oh God ! what a difference throughout the whole of this various and teeming earth a single DEATH can effect ! Sky , sun , air , the eloquent waters , the inspiring mountain-tops , the murmuring and glossy wood , the very Glory in the grass , and splendour in the flower , do these hold over us an eternal spell ? Are they as a part and property of an unvarying course of nature ? Have they aught which is unfailing , steady — same in its effect ? Alas ! their attraction is the creature of an accident . One gap , invisible to all but ourself in the crowd and turmoil of the world , and every thing is changed . In a single hour , the whole process of thought , the whole ebb and flow of emotion , may be revulsed for the rest of an existence . Nothing can ever seem to us as it did : it is a blow upon the fine mechanism by which we think , and move , and have our being — the pendulum vibrates aright no more — the dial hath no account with time — the process goes on , but it knows no symmetry or order ;— it was a single stroke that marred it , but the harmony is gone for ever ! And yet I often think that that shock which jarred on the mental , renders yet softer the moral nature . A death that is connected with love unites us by a thousand remembrances to all who have mourned : it builds a bridge between the young and the old ; it gives them in common the most touching of human sympathies ; it steals from nature its glory and its exhilaration — not its tenderness . And what , perhaps , is better than all , to mourn deeply for the death of another , loosens from ourself the petty desire for , and the animal adherence to , life . We have gained the end of the philosopher , and view , without shrinking , the coffin and the pall .— New Monthly Magazine . SCOTT AND COOPER . An example of Mr. Cooper 's appreciation of his illustrious rival , Sir Walter Scott , occurred while he was sitting for the portrait that accompanied the New Monthly Magazine for last month .— The artist , Madame Mirbel , requested of a distinguished statesman .— “ No , ” said Cooper , “ if I must look at any , it shall be at my master , ” directing his glance a little higher , to a portrait of Sir Walter Scott . FRANCE . France , “ with all thy faults I love thee still ! ” No man should travel from his cradle to his grave without paying thee a visit by the way : with a disposition prone to enjoyment , it lightens the journey amazingly . The French are a kind people , and it must be his fault who cannot live happily with them . Pity it is , possessing , as they do , whatever can contribute to the felicity of a people in a state of peace , that war should be indispensable in order to render their idea of happiness complete . La gloire and la guerre form the eternal burden of their song — as if the chief business of life were to destroy life . They would fight to-morrow with any nation on earth , for no better an object than the chance of achieving a victory . Laugh at me , if you please , for uttering what you may consider a foolish opinion , but I look upon it as a serious misfortune to them that the two words Gloire and Victoire rhyme together : they so constantly occur in that portion of their poetry which is the most popular , and the best calculated to excite them in a high degree — their vaudeville songs — that the two ideas they express have become identical in their minds ; and he will deserve well of his country who shall discover the means of making glory rhyme to peace .— Ibid . “ HELP YOURSELF . ” The custom of HELPING ONESELF has its sanction in the remotest antiquity , and has been continued down to the present day in the highest places , and by those whom it especially behoves to set example to the world . It was clearly never designed that man should regulate his conduct for the good of others , for the first lesson taught to the first of men , was to take care of himself ; had it been intended that men should study the good of each other , a number would surely have been simultaneously created for the exercise of the principle , instead of one , who , being alone , was essentially selfish . Adam was all the world to himself . With the addition of Eve , human society commenced ; and the fault of our first mother furnishes a grand and terrible example of the mischief of thinking of the benefit of another . Satan suggested to her that Adam should partake of the fruit — an idea , having in it the taint of benevolence , so generally mistaken — whence sin and death came into the world . Had Eve been strictly selfish , she would wisely have kept the apples to herself , and the evil would have been avoided . Had Adam helped himself , he would have had no stomach for the helping of another — and so , on his part , the evil temptation had been obviated . The HELP YOURSELF principle has at no time been extinct in society , while it is seen to be a universal law of Nature . The wolf helps himself to the lamb , and the lamb to the grass . No animal assists another , excepting when in the relation of parent to young , when Nature could not dispense with the caprice of benevolence , which in this instance , be it observed , distresses the parties susceptible of the sentiment ; for suckling creatures are always in poor condition . Appropriation is the great business of the universe . The institution of property is , on the other hand , artificial .— Ibid . BALLET OF KENILWORTH , AT THE KING 'S THEATRE . There is a very curious and ingenious , though not original , exhibition in this ballet . Among the festivities at Kenilworth Castle , in honour of the royal guests , a pantomimic “ masque ” of the gods and goddesses of Olympus is introduced . The divinities , instead of appearing in genuine Grecian attire , present themselves in the mongrel costume visual on such occasions in the time of Queen Elizabeth . This is droll enough , but more whimsical still is the style of their dancing . This , too , is meant as an imitation of the limited choregraphic savoir faire of the age . It is as if Mons . Deshayes had triumphantly intended to portray the first dawn of an art which he considers to have now reached the summit of perfection . But who knows but the Monsieur Un tel of 1931 may , with equal boldness , parody the pirouettes of Monsieur Deshayes ? Even the music to this mythological interlude is borrowed from ancient scores ; a happy thought , which deserves commendation .— Ibid . SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . THE NEW MAGAZINE . Mr. Campbell , the Poet , has seceded from the New Monthly Magazine , and commenced a magazine of his own — The Metropolitan . Without prejudice to the first-mentioned work , he has our best wishes for his new undertaking . The New Monthly Magazine has , however , supplied the Mirror with brighter columns than any of its contemporaries , and we are mindful of the obligation , especially for that gay and lively description of writing which is really the patter of literature . It will soon be seen whether Mr. Campbell and his forces succeed . The Number before us is , for a first , excellent . The Editor 's Paper on Ancient Geography , with which it opens , is worth the price of the whole magazine : nay , it is worth more than many a modern quarto . Other papers are attractive ; and there is much of the spirit of the times throughout the Number .— Poland , the Political Times , and the Lord Chancellor 's Levee — are vividly written . The last is a good specimen of the “ keep moving ” style of a Magazine . We intend to quote largely from the Memoirs of the Macaw of a Lady of Quality , BY LADY MORGAN : I am a native of one of the most splendid regions of the earth , where nature dispenses all her bounties with a liberal hand ; and where man and bird are released from half the penalties to which , in other climes , their flesh is heir . I was born in one of those superb forests of fruit and flowers so peculiar to the Brazils , which stood at no great distance from an Indian village , and was not far removed from an European settlement . This forest was impervious to human footsteps . A nation of apes occupied the interior ; and the dynasty of the Psittacus Severus , or Brazilian queen macaw , inhabited the upper regions .— Several subject-states of green and yellow parrots constituted our colonial neighbours . My family held the highest rank in the privileged classes of our oligarchy ; for our pride would not admit of a king , and our selfishness ( so I must call it ) would allow of no rights . We talked nevertheless in our legislative assemblies of our happy constitution , which by tacit agreement we understood to mean “ happy for ourselves ; ” but the green and yellow parrots too plainly showed a strong disposition to put another interpretation on the phraseology . My paternal nest was situated in the hollow of one of the most ancient and lofty trees in the forest . It had once been rich in fruit and flowers , gums and odours , and all in the same season ; and though it was now scathed at the top , hollow in the trunk , and was threatened with total ruin from the first hurricane , we still preferred it , because it was the oldest . I owed all my early impressions , and much of my acquired superiority , to my great grandfather , who lived to an extreme old age , and attained a celebrity , of which we were ourselves at that time unaware . He was the identical bird which was brought from Marignan to Prince Maurice , governor of the Brazils , and whose pertinent answers to many silly questions are recorded in the pages of the greatest of English philosophers . My great grandfather was soon disgusted with the folly and cruelty of what is called civilized life ; and having seen an Indian roasted alive for a false religion 's sake , he thought that some day they might take it into their heads to do as much by a macaw , for the same reason . So he availed himself of an early opportunity of retiring without leave from the service , and returned to his native forest , where his genius and learning at once raised him to the highest honours of the Psittacan aristocracy . Influenced by his example , I early felt the desire of visiting foreign countries . My mother too ( who , though fond and indulgent , like all the mothers of our race , was as vain and foolish as any that I have since met with in human society ) worked powerfully on my ambition , by her constant endeavours to “ push me up the tree , ” as she called it , in her way . I was already a first-rate orator , and a member of the great congress of macaws ; while in our social re-unions I left all the young birds of fashion far behind me : and as I not only articulated some human sounds picked up from the Indians , but could speak a few words of Portuguese and Dutch , learned by rote from my great grandfather , I was considered a genius of high order . With the conceit , therefore , of all my noble family , I was prompted to go forth and visit other and better worlds , and to seek a sphere better adapted to the display of my presumed abilities , than that afforded by our domestic senate and home-spun society . On one of those celestial nights , known only in the tropical regions , I set forth on my travels , directing my course to the Portuguese settlement , which the youthful vigour of my wing enabled me to reach by the break of morning . Having refreshed myself with a breakfast of fruit , after the exhaustion of my nocturnal flight , I ascended a spacious palm tree , which afforded an admirable view of the adjacent country , and a desirable shelter from the ardours of the rising sun . My first impulse was to take a bird'shYpppHeNeye view of the novel scene which lay before me , and I gazed around for some minutes with intense delight ; but fatigue gradually obtained the mastery over curiosity , and , putting my head unconsciously beneath my wing , I fell into a profound sleep . How long this continued , I know not ; but I was suddenly awakened by a strange muttering of unknown voices . I looked , and beheld two creatures whose appearance greatly surprised me . They had nothing of the noble form and aspect of our Indian neighbours . One of them considerably resembled the preacher-monkey in countenance and deportment ; his head was denuded of hair , and his person was covered by a black substance , which left no limb visible except his ancles and feet , which were very much like those of an ape . The other had all the air of a gigantic parrot : he had a hooked bill , a sharp look , a yellow head ; and all the rest of his strange figure was party-coloured , blue , green , red , and black . I classed him at once as a specimen of the Psittacus Ochropterus . The ape and the parrot seemed to have taken shelter beneath the palm tree , like myself , for the purposes of shade and repose . They had beside them a basket filled with dead game , fruit , and honey ; and the parrot had a long instrument near him on the ground , which I afterwards learned was a fowling-piece . They talked a strange jargon of different intonation , like that of the respective chatter of the grey and the green parrots . Both seemed to complain , and , by the expression of their ugly and roguish faces , to interrogate each other . As soon as they went away , I endeavoured to mutter to myself the sounds they had uttered , but could retain only two phrases . The one had been spoken by the ape , and ran thus — “ Shure it was for my sweet sowl 's sake , jewel ; ” the other was — “ Eh , sirs , it was aw ’ for the love of the siller . ” I was extremely amused by my acquisition ; and , being convinced that I was now qualified to present myself at the settlement , was about to descend from my altitude , when the two strangers returned : they had come back for the gun , which they had left behind them . As they picked it up , it went off , and I was startled into one of my loudest screams . The strangers looked at me with great delight , he whom I likened to the parrot exclaiming — “ Weel , mon , what brought you here ? ” I answered in his own words , for want of better — “ Eh , sirs , it was aw ’ for the love of the siller . ” He dropped his piece , and fled in consternation , calling lustily — “ Its auld clooty himsen , mon , its auld Horny , I tell ye ; come awa , come awa . ” His friend , who seemed more acquainted with our species , encouraged him to return ; and offering me some fruit from his basket , said — “ Why , Poll , you cratur , what brought you so far from home ? ” I endeavoured to imitate his peculiar tone , and replied — “ Why thin it was for my sweet sowl 's sake , jewel . ” — “ Why then , ” said my interlocutor , coolly ( for I never forgot his words ) “ that bird bates cockfighting . ” They now both endeavoured to catch me . It was all I wanted , and I perched on the preaching-monkey 's wrist , while he took up the basket in his left hand , and in this easy and commodious style of travelling , we proceeded . On approaching the settlement , a fierce dispute arose between the friends ; of which , by each tearing me from the other , I was evidently the object ; and I am quite sure that I should have been torn to pieces between them , but for the timely approach of a person who issued from a lofty and handsome edifice on the road side , attended by a train of preacher-monkeys , of which he was the chief . He was quite a superior looking being to either of my first acquaintance , who cowered and shrunk beneath his eagle look . They seemed humbly to lay their cases before him ; when , after looking contemptuously on both , he took me to himself , caressed me , and giving me to an attendant , said — “ This bird belongs to neither , it is the property of mother church : ” and the property of mother church I remained for some years . Of my two friends of the palm-tree , one , the preacher-monkey , turned out to be a poor Irish lay brother , of the convent of which my new master ( an Irishman too ) was the superior . My yellow parrot was a Scotch adventurer , who came out to give lectures on poleetical economy to the Brazilians : and who , finding that they had no taste for moral science , had become a servant of all-work to the brotherhood . My dwelling was a missionary house of the Propaganda , established for the purpose of converting ( i. e . burning ) the poor Indians . The Superior , Father Flynn , had recently arrived from Lisbon with unlimited powers . He was clever , eloquent , witty , and humorous ; but panting for a bishopric in his native country , he was principally employed in theological writings , which might bring him into notice and hasten his recall to Europe . Next to the servant 's hall of a great English family , the first place in the world for completing the education of a macaw of genius , is a convent . Its idleness and ennui render a monkey , or a parrot , a valuable resource ; and between what I picked up , and what I was taught by the monks of the Propaganda , my acquirements soon became stupendous . Always following my kind master from the refectory to the church , assisting at mess or at mass , being near him in the seclusion of the oratory , and in the festivities , he frequently held with his more confidential friends ; I had loaded my astonishing memory with scraps of theology and of fun . I could sing a French drinking song , taught me by the sub-prior Frere Jacques , and intonate a “ Gloria in Excelsis ” with a true nasal twang . I had actually learned the Creed in English ; [ 3 ] and could call all the brothers by their name . I had even learned the Savoyard 's dance from my friend Fr è re Jacques , and sung “ Gai Coco ” at the same time , like Scaliger 's parrot , from whose history Fr è re Jacques took the idea of teaching me . I did this , it must be acknowledged , with great awkwardness , turning in my toes , and often tumbling backwards in a clumsy and ludicrous way . But this amused my religious friends more than all the rest ; for , like the great , they loved a ridicule as well as a talent ; and , provided they were amused , were not nice as to the means . My fame soon began to spread on all sides , and the anecdotes told of the macaw of the Propaganda soon reached the circles of the Governor of the Brazils , who wrote to request the pleasure of my company for a few weeks at the palace . This was a compliment which he had never paid to the learned superior of the order , and my master was evidently hurt . He declined therefore the invitation for me , on the plea that he would soon visit Rio Janeiro himself , when I should accompany him into the vice-regal presence . This visit shortly took place , not for the object supposed by the community , ( who parted with me , even for a short time , with great regret ,) but for another purpose . The British ambassador , Lord ——, who had recently arrived at Rio , was a countryman of Father Flynn 's . He enjoyed eminent literary celebrity , was a delightful poet , and well acquainted with the Portuguese language . The superior had no doubt that his own literary and theological merits were equally known to his excellency , whom he visited with a view to negotiating a passage in the British man of war ; for he had been called on a secret mission to Ireland , and wished to depart without notifying his intention to the subaltern of the Propaganda . I was not included in the muster-roll of this expedition ; but anxious to lose no opportunity of seeing the world , and desirous of beholding the Governor , who had shown his taste and politeness by inviting me to his court , I contrived to nestle myself in the carriage without the superior 's knowledge , and followed his steps to the very ante-room of the embassy . It was too late to send me back ; for I was instantly seized by a company of pretty young animals , the very reverse in appearance of the preacher-monkeys of the Propaganda ; they all seemed to find in me a kindred soul : my master was ushered into the cabinet , and I was left with my new acquaintance , who were called “ attach é s , ” but whom I at once classed with the secretary-birds , [ 4 ] while here and there , I thought , was mingled among them a specimen of the booby , or Pelicanus Sula . Two of these mischievous creatures seemed to delight in tormenting me from mere idleness and ennui , which I bore for some time with great patience , as I saw the boobies pay them much respect . One was called Lord Charles , and the other the Hon . Mr. Henry . I learned these names with facility , and contrived to repeat them , as they had been taught me , by the frequent iteration of one of the boobies . [ 3 ] “ Rhodoginus mentions a parrot which could recite correctly the whole of the Apostle 's Creed . ” — Animal Biography , by the Rev . W. Bingley . [ 4 ] “ The Dutch , ” says Le Vaillant , “ give this bird the name of Secretary , on account of the bunch of quills behind its head . ” — Bingley , Animal Biography . ( To be continued .) THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . PRISONS . We had formerly in the Tower of London , a straight room or dungeon , called , from the misery the unhappy occupiers of this very confined place endured , the Little-Ease . But this will appear a luxurious habitation , when compared with the inventions of Louis XI . of France , with his iron cages , in which persons of rank lay for whole years ; or his oubliettes , dungeons made in the form of reversed cones , with concealed trap-doors , down which dropped the unhappy victims of the tyrant , brought there by Tristam L'Hermite , his companion and executioner in ordinary ; sometimes their sides were plain , sometimes set with knives , or sharp-edged wheels ; but in either cases they were complete oubliettes ; the devoted were certain to fall into the land where all things are forgotten .— ( Pennant 's London .) When the Bastille of France was demolished , three iron cages were discovered , they were made of strong bars of iron , about eight feet high and six feet wide , and such have been used in other prisons in that country . The Bishop of Verdun , according to Mezeray , was the inventer , and was himself the first man confined in them , and remained a prisoner thus for eleven years , so that he could speak practically as to his own invention . FEMALE LEANDER . The Duchess of Chevereux , who was for the first time at the court of England , in 1638 , swam across the Thames , in a frolic , near Windsor . On this occasion some verses were composed by a Sir J. M. containing these lines :— But her chaste breast , cold as the cloyster 'd nun , Whose frost to chrystal might congeal the sun , So glar 'd the stream , that pilots , there afloat , Thought they might safely land without a boat ; July had seen the Thames in ice involv 'd , Had it not been by her own beams dissolv 'd . BIRTHDAY PRAYER . The observance of a birthday by prayer is not altogether incurious in these days of license ; and the following specimen , quoted from the Diary of that truly good man , JOHN EVELYN , may be entertained as the genuine effusion of piety , unmixed with any alloy of fanaticism , or religious enthusiasm :— Oct. 31 , 1689 .— My birthday , being now 69 years old . Blessed Father who hast prolonged my years to this great age , and given me to see so great and wonderful revolutions , and preserved me amidst them to this moment , accept , I beseech thee , the continuance of my prayers and thankful acknowledgements , and grant me grace to be working out my salvation and redeeming the time , that thou mayest be glorified by me here , and my soul immortal saved , whenever thou shalt call for it to perpetuate thy praises to all eternity , in that heavenly kingdom where there are no more changes or vicissitudes , but rest and peace , and joy and consummate felicity for ever . Grant this , O Heavenly Father , for the sake of Jesus thine only Son and our Saviour . Amen . CURIOUS LETTER , From a country squire , in the 18th century , to a gentleman in London , who had written to him concerning the character of a Servant . “ Sir — Yours I receiv 'd the 24th of this present instant , June , and , at your request , will give you an impartial account of my man , John Gray 's character . He is a shoemaker , or cordwainer , which you please to call it , by trade , and now in our town ; he is following the carding business for every one that wants him ; he served his time at a town called Binstock , in Northamptonshire ; and from thence the Great Addington journeyman , to this occupation , as before mentioned , and used to come to my house , and found , by riding my horses to water , that he rode a horse pretty well ; which was not at all mistaken , for he rides a horse well : and he looks after a kennel of hounds very well , and finds a hare very well : he hath no judgement in hunting a pack of hounds now , though he rides well , he do n't with discretion , for he do n't know how to make the most of a horse ; but a very harey-starey fellow : will ride over a church if in his way , though he may prevent a leap by having a gap within ten yards of him ; and if you are not in the field with himself , when you are hunting to tutor him about riding , he will kill all the horses you have in the stable in one month , for he hath killed downright , and lamed so that they will never be fit for use , no more than five horses since he has hunted my hounds , which is two years and upwards ; he can talk no dog language to a hound ; he hath no voice ; speaks to a hound such as if his head were in a churn ; nor neither does he know how to draw a hound when they are at a loss , no more than a child of seven years old . As to his honesty , I always found him honest till about a week ago . I sent my servant that I have now to fetch some sheep 's feet from Mr. Stranjan , of Higham Ferrers , where Gray used to go for feet , and I always send my money by the man that brings the feet ; and Stranjan told my man that I have now that I owed him money for feet ; and when the man came home he told me , and I went to Stranjan , and then I found the truth of the matter . Gray had kept the money in his hands , and had never paid Stranjan : he had along with me once for a letter , in order for his character , to give him one , but I told him I could not give him a good one , so I would not write at all . Gray is a very great drunkard , can n't keep a penny in his pocket : a sad notorious lyar . If you send him upon a mile or two from Uphingham , he will get drunk , stay all day , and never come home while the middle of the night , or such time as he knows his master is in bed . He can nor will not keep any secret ; neither has he so much wit as other people , for the fellow is half a fool , for if you would have business done with expedition , if he once gets out of the town , or sight of you , shall see him no more , while the next morning he serves me so and so : you must expect the same if you hire him . I use you just as I would be used myself ; it I desired a character of you of a servant , that I had design 'd to hire of yours , as to let you know the truth of every thing about him . “ I am , sir , your most humble servant to command . “ Great Addington , June 28 , 1734 . “ P. S . He takes good care of his horses , with good looking after as to the dressing of them ; but if you do n't take care , he will fill the manger full of corn , so that he will clog the horses , and ruin the whole stable of horses . ” EPITAPH Upon two religious disputants who are interred within a few paces of each other . Suspended here , a contest see , Of two whose creeds cou 'd ne'er agree , For whether they would preach or pray , They 'd do it in a different way ; And they wou 'd fain our fate deny 'd , In quite a different manner dy 'd ! Yet think not that their rancour 's o'er , No ! for ‘ tis ten to one , and more , Tho ’ quiet now as either lies , But they 've a wrangle when they rise . LONGEVITY . In St. Michael 's churchyard , at Litchfield , an ancient tombstone was lately discovered , which had been buried in the earth a great number of years . Upon it are deeply cut the following inscriptions :— Here lyes the Body of William Clarke , who was Clarke of this Church 51 years , and buried March 25th , 1525 , aged 96 . Here lyes the Body of William Clarke , Clarke of this Church 71 years , who died Septem . 26 , 1562 , and aged 86 . The father lived in the reigns of six different kings , viz . Henry the Sixth , Edwards the Fourth and Fifth , Richard the Third , and Henry the Seventh and Eighth . The son in seven reigns , viz . from Edward the Fourth to Mary the First . Morning Chronicle , October 8 , 1822 . LINES Written by a ragged Irishman , a passenger on board a vessel with the Archbishop of Tuam . If each man had his suum , You would not have Tuam , But I should get meum , And sing a Te Deum . G. K . MAY . The following verses were composed by John Barbour , a poet and divine , who was born at Aberdeen in 1330 . They afford a specimen of the poetry in his time :— “ This was in midst of month of May , When birdis sing on ilka spray , Melland [ 5 ] their notes , with seemly soun , For softness of the sweet seasoun . “ And leavis of the branchis spreeds , And blomis bright , beside them , breeds And Fieldis strawed are with flow'rs Well savouring of seir [ 6 ] colours ; And all things wor this , blyth , and gay . ” P. T. W . [ 5 ] Mingling . [ 6 ] Their . POPULAR SCIENCE . This Day is published , price 5s . ARCANA of SCIENCE , and ANNUAL REGISTER of the USEFUL ARTS for 1831 . “ This is the fourth annual volume of a most useful compilation of the various discoveries in science or inventions of art during the preceding year . The volume commences , very properly , with an abridgment of what may be termed the greatest work of art which has distinguished the present century — the Liverpool and Manchester Railway . Various other improvements in the different departments of the arts which have appeared in the several scientific journals of the last year , are here presented in a condensed form , so as to render the volume , in reality , an excellent book of reference . The object of the editor seems to have been that of blending entertainment with valuable information , the work being illustrated by many neat engravings relating to the popular branches of science . The volume , therefore , contains a very interesting compendium of information for young people . ” — New Monthly Magazine . Printed for JOHN LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand ;— of whom may be had the Volumes for the three preceding years . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic ; G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .