THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE , AMUSEMENT , AND INSTRUCTION . VOL . XVII , No . 489 .] SATURDAY , MAY 14 , 1831 . [ PRICE 2d . ST. GEORGE 'S HOSPITAL . ST. GEORGE 'S HOSPITAL . All who enjoy the luxury of doing good ( and who does not , in some way or other ?) will be happy to learn that the above is the elevation of the new St. George 's Hospital , at Hyde Park Corner . It is already a splendid monument of British benevolence ; but is only a portion of the original plan , which is to complete another front towards Hyde Park ; this will extend even further than the old hospital . St. George 's Hospital , we learn from a printed “ Account , ” “ was set on foot soon after Michaelmas , 1733 , by some gentlemen who were before concerned in a charity of the like kind , in the lower part of Westminster . They judged this house convenient for their purpose , on account of its air , situation , and nearness to town ; procured a lease of it , and opened a subscription for carrying on the charity here . The subscriptions increased so fast , that on the nineteenth of October they were formed into a regular society , and actually began to receive patients on the first of January following . ” The Establishment was , therefore , prosperous at its commencement , and the same good fortune has subsequently attended its progress . It is supported by Voluntary Contributions . The resources are considerable in property , and have been greatly enriched by legacies . Indeed , the legacies which fell to the Hospital during last year , exceeded 11 , 000l . The building of the new Hospital , in the Engraving , was first proposed at a meeting held in the year 1827 , at which the open-hearted Duke of York was chairman ; and at a subsequent meeting , the Archbishop of Canterbury presided . A “ Building Fund ” was raised , to which the late King munificently contributed £ 1 , 000 . This Fund is entirely separate from the General Funds of the Hospital : “ the sums already subscribed ” says the Report of 1830 , “ have been expended in erecting a part of the building which is now occupied by 140 patients , and the public are earnestly requested to keep in view the importance of continuing their benevolent contributions , until the great object of re-building the entire Hospital has been effected . ” It is well known that the closeness of the wards in the old building has long been a subject of the deepest regret to the physicians and surgeons , who have observed its effect in preventing or retarding the cure of their patients ; and this evil must , in some degree , be increased by the new building partially obstructing the ventilation of the old . From the Report of 1829 , we also learn that the subscriptions were £ 3 , 439 . the Dividends £ 3 , 798 . and the Legacies £ 1 , 781 . and the expenses of the year £ 9 , 731 . including £ 709 . for bedding , & c. for the new building . The new building is from the designs of W. Wilkins , Esq . R. A. architect of the London University , & c. The Engraving represents the grand front which faces the Green Park , and consists of a centre and two wings , in all 200 feet in length . Part of the north wing , which we have referred to as facing Hyde Park , or stretching towards Knightsbridge , is also erected . The south wing is finished , and occupied by patients , as is also the south end of the east front . The theatre for lectures on surgery and medicine will accommodate 150 students . Immediately adjoining it is the museum of anatomical preparations . The entire edifice is faced with compost , coloured and checkered in imitation of stone . The hospital , when complete , will contain 29 wards , and 460 beds . The contracts for building the whole amount to about £ 41 , 000 . The grand front , seen from the Green Park , has a handsome appearance , and the architecture is simply elegant . Viewed in association with the costly arch entrance to the Gardens of Buckingham Palace , and the classic screen and gates to Hyde Park — the New Hospital gives rise to a grateful recollection of national benevolence as well as cultivation of fine art — of soothing life 's ills as well as embellishing its enjoyments — in short , of nurturing the first and best feelings of our nature as well as encouraging taste and talent . May England never halt in raising such monuments of her real greatness ! SUNSET THOUGHTS . ( For the Mirror .) I 've stood to gaze on the sunset hill , When the winds were hush 'd and the waves were still ; As the sun sank slowly down the west , I thought of the good man dropping to rest , When his race is run — he yields his breath , And softly sinks in the slumber of death . When I gazed on the gorgeous western sky , I thought of those blissful bowers on high , Whose brightness — blessedness serene , Ear hath not heard — eye hath not seen . When I saw the golden glories die , I thought on life 's uncertainty , And as night came on in her ebon gloom , Oh ! I thought of the dark and the dreamless tomb , How soon man 's fairest prospects flee , The curtain drops — “ And where is he ? ” COLBOURNE . THE NOVELIST . THE GOLDEN BODKIN . An Illustration of Sayings and Doings . ( For the Mirror .) It was the vesper-hour when the lovely Lady Victorine entered the church of St. Genevieve with her liege lord the Marquess de Montespan , and proceeding slowly down a side aisle of that magnificent fane , prostrated herself upon the steps of an altar of black marble , upon which burned in silver cassolettes , two small glimmering fires , sparingly fed with frankincense , and serving rather to render visible , than to illumine the gloom of the niche in which the altar stood ; whilst the tapers which twinkled like glow-worms here and there in the body of the spacious temple , indicated the presence of worshippers , who , in the uncertain and vasty darkness , were scarcely beheld . The Marquess de Montespan kneeled beside his fair lady , and a couple of domestics at a respectful distance from the noble pair , whilst the solemn pealing of the organ intermingled with the low murmurings of human voices , and the sweet , full-toned responses of the choir , aided and attested the devotion of those who now attended vespers in the church of St. Genevieve . The sacred service was nearly concluded , when the attention of the congregation was painfully diverted from the solemn duty in which they were engaged , by thrilling shrieks proceeding from one of the side aisles , and an uncommon stir and tumult about the dark oratory of the Montespans , to which , therefore , a crowd was presently attracted . Alas ! for the brevity and vanity of human life ! The marquess , who had but so short a time since entered the church in manly prime , health , and strength , and in the full flush of happiness and hope , now suddenly , ay , even as he knelt beside his beautiful wife , and even as their spirits mingled in the same acts of devotion , the marquess now , struck by the angel of death , laid cold , senseless , and motionless , in the arms of his servants , who were vainly endeavouring to recall that vital spark which was totally extinct . Victorine , the young and lovely marchioness , thus suddenly and awfully reduced to widowhood , had fallen into such violent hysterics , as to render the task of supporting her almost dangerous to a noble youth who had voluntarily undertaken it . The consternation of the spectators at this tragical spectacle may be well imagined ; but some two or three of them had , nevertheless , presence of mind sufficient to fetch a physician , and after medical aid had somewhat restored to composure the unhappy Victorine , she , with her deceased husband , upon whom , alas , all efforts of art had been bestowed in vain , was carefully conveyed to the Hotel de Montespan . Upon the breast of the Comte de Villeroi had the head of the afflicted marchioness rested , in the eventful hour of her sad bereavement , and in less than six months did he supply to her the place of her departed lord . This event occurred , it was then deemed , prematurely , and the precise and censorious blamed the indelicate haste with which Victorine had exchanged her weeds for bridal attire ; but the kind-hearted observed , “ Poor young creature , all Paris knows that Villeroi was the elected of her heart , long ere she was forced into a marriage with Montespan ; no wonder therefore is it , that the first act of her recovered liberty should be , that of throwing herself into his arms ; ” so , “ all Paris , ” after this appeal to its knowledge of private history , and best sympathies , could do no less than take the charitable side of the question , and Madame la Comtesse de Villeroi was allowed , unmolested by the voice of public censure , to reign awhile as bride and belle in the high circles which her beauty and agreeable qualities so well fitted her to adorn . Ere long , however , it was surmised that Victorine found herself not quite so happy in her union with the object of her first affection as she had anticipated she should be ; she was pale , spiritless , and absent ; sometimes started when addressed , as if only accustomed to the accents of authority unmingled with kindness ; her cheeks were hollow , her eyes sunken and ray-less , and her smile was the very mockery of mirth ; evidently she was not happy , and the apparently affectionate attentions lavished upon her by the comte , tended not to diminish suspicions that he was not altogether so amiable at home , as he took pains to appear in society . However , balls and f ê tes followed the union of the young couple very gaily for some months , and everybody said that the Comtesse de Villeroi , rich , beautiful , and beloved , ought to be the happiest creature in existence . Something more than a year after the demise of the Marquess de Montespan , Paris was thrown into considerable consternation by a report originating with some of the petty officers of the sacred establishment , that the church of St. Genevieve was haunted ; old Albert Morel , the sexton , protesting upon the faith of a good Catholic , that he had heard , when occasionally in the church , alone , a strange rattling noise proceed from the vaults beneath it . “ What this could be , ” he remarked , “ was past comprehension , unless it were ghosts playing at skittles with their own dead bones . ” Some people laughed at this idea , and some sapiently shaking their heads , declared with ominous looks , that Morel was no fool , but knew what he knew , whilst every one agreed that some foundation , at least there must be , for the fearful tale . At length , in the church of St. Genevieve , it became necessary for the interment of some individual of rank , to open the very vault from whence seemed chiefly or entirely to proceed the strange and alarming sounds , and this happened to be that , in which were deposited the mortal remains of the Marquess de Montespan ; from his coffin , ( a mere wooden shell ,) it was now ascertained that the rattling proceeded , and as upon inspection , a hole was observed to have been drilled in the wood , as if by the teeth of some animal , it was judged expedient to open and examine it further . The remains of the marquess were discovered in a state of dry decomposition , with his head as completely severed from his body as if by the stroke of the axe ; but , horror of horrors ! that head , that skeleton skull , moved , as those who opened the coffin stood to gaze on its revolting contents , and rolled to and fro by itself ! Dismay seized the spectators , who were about to rush in disorder from the spot , when one more courageous than the rest , laying hold of the skull , shook it violently for some moments , when , from one of the eye-sockets dangled the tail of a rat ! The cause of the strange sounds heard by Morel and others , connected with the church of St. Genevieve , was now obvious ; the voracious animal had entered when lean and small , into the head of the deceased marquess , by the eye , but after revelling upon the brain of the unfortunate defunct for some time , had increased to a size which rendered its exit by the same passage impossible , and its efforts at extrication from horrible thraldom , caused the rattling of the disjoined head in the coffin . It was proposed to saw asunder the skull , in order to free the creature , and the advice of Albert Morel , that the operation should be performed by one of the medical fraternity , who might be glad to witness the fact of a rat being imprisoned in a human head , was cheerfully taken . Some , however , objected to its being done , without application for leave having been first made to the Comtesse de Villeroi , as one to whom the proprietorship of her deceased husband 's remains naturally and solely appertained , and who might feel it as a cruel insult towards herself , and a sacrilegious violation of the grave of her first lord , the consigning without her knowledge and permission , any part of his body to the hands of a surgeon . “ Tush ! ” quoth old Morel , “ all nonsense that ! for if one may believe what has long been town-talk , ‘ tis little that madame will care for her dead husband now she has a living one who pleases her better than ever he could do , poor man ! ” The sexton 's arguments were conclusive , and it was agreed at last , that the skull should be carried to Monsieur Nicolais , the celebrated surgeon , who had unavailingly attempted by bleeding , to recover the late marquess from the apoplexy which carried him off . A large and brilliant party had assembled at the chateau de Vermont , the residence of the gay and opulent Comte de Villeroi and his lady , to celebrate the christening of their first born , when in the midst of a splendid banquet , an alarm was given that the house was surrounded by police and gens d'armes , who required in the king 's name a surrender of the persons of the Comte and Comtesse de Villeroi , they standing attainted of foul and treasonable murder ! The confusion and dismay which seized all parties upon this terrible catastrophe , it is impossible to describe ; but it suffices to state , that the Comte de Villeroi was impeached for , and fully committed for trial on the charge of having feloniously aided and abetted Victorine de Villeroi , ( late Montespan ,) in wilfully and maliciously causing the death of her late liege husband , Herbert de Montespan , by thrusting a long pin , or bodkin of gold into his right ear , well knowing that the same entering into his brain , would cause his instantaneous dissolution . Master Nicolais , it appeared , in sawing open the skull of the deceased with anatomical science and precision , had found a pin or Golden Bodkin like that described in the indictment , and like what were at this period much used by ladies in fastening up their hair , bearing the initials , V. M . which he perceived had been violently thrust through the orifice of the ear , into the brain of the unfortunate victim . This inference as to the fiendish murderer was inevitable , and just ; and the horror-struck practitioner scrupled not to incite the relations of the late marquess to summon witnesses , and lay a criminal information against Victorine de Villeroi as principal in , and Armand de Villeroi as accessary to , this abominable transaction . Upon trial , the innocence of the Comte , as to the slightest knowledge of his wife 's secret and heinous crime , was so apparent that it ensured him an honourable acquittal ; but the guilt of that wretched woman being established beyond all doubt by the evidence of the goldsmith who had made for her , and engraved her initials upon , the Golden Bodkin , of the domestics who had seen her when their master fell asleep during the vespers at St. Genevieve , put her hand beneath his head as if with the intent of waking , and raising him up , and subsequently by her own confession , her guilt was thus incontrovertibly established . She suffered those extreme penalties of the law which the heinous nature of her crime demanded , and fully justified . This historiette , in the leading incidents of which , every Frenchman at all acquainted with the Causes C è l è bres of his country , will detect matters of fact , we have “ made a prief of in our notebook , ” as one of those interesting cases , ( not less remarkable because of rather frequent occurrence ) which incontestably prove , that under the just government of the Omniscient , who hath willed that “ Whosoever sheddeth the blood of man , by man shall his blood be shed . ” — Murder will out ! M. L. B . THE SELECTOR AND LITERARY NOTICES OF NEW WORKS . POLAND . Dr. Lardner has commenced a “ Library , ” as a kind of succedaneum to his valuable “ Cyclopaedia . ” Both are styled Cabinet , and the first may be considered an amplification of the second . Two of the Cabinet Library volumes contain a Retrospect of Public Affairs for 1831 — not a chronology of shreds and patches , but a well-digested review of the great events of the year — and important indeed they are . The work is the quintessence of an “ Annual Register : ” it is not so porous and pursy as the last mentioned book , but is a pleasant volume to put in one 's pocket and read inside a coach , if the passengers will allow you to do so ; and it seems to be a good book for newspaper readers , to arrange their head-pieces , for they are usually crammed with all kinds of recollections , and have but few right-set views . We do not content ourselves with saying the Retrospect is well written , but quote a proof of equal length and interest — for it relates to a country whose fate is anxiously watched by all Europe , nay , by all the world . It is from the author 's Chapter on the State of Poland . After some pages on the oppressed Poles , the writer proceeds :— “ Thus the army , both in its numbers and management , was entirely at the mercy and under the direction of Muscovite despotism ; the resources of the state were employed , without the legal control of the diet , to strengthen Russian tyranny , the press was enslaved , that no remonstrance might be made against Russian oppression ; the citizens were arrested , imprisoned , and punished by a Russian military chieftain , without being brought to trial before the proper native tribunals ; the legislative chambers were deprived of their just prerogatives ; the national customs , habits , and feelings were hourly insulted ; the citizens were beset with an infamous police , an deprived even of the melancholy consolation of complaint ; thus , in short , every Polish right was violated — every article of the charter broken — and the whole efforts of an imperial savage , at the head of a strong military force , directed to efface from the countrymen of the Sobieskis and Kosciuszkos all the remains of the Polish character . “ This , it must be allowed , is a picture of tyranny and misgovernment sufficiently appalling to justify the resistance of any people , but more especially that of a people which had long been accustomed to even a licentious freedom , which was proud of its national honour and ancient renown ; which entertained such a veneration for its laws and usages as to preserve for two centuries the liberum veto and the rights of elective monarchy , the source of all its calamities ; and which had the positive stipulations of its sovereign for the preservation of its national rights . But , like most general pictures , its impression may be diminished by its generality . We shall therefore make no apology for introducing , on the authority of an Englishman who had been twelve years in Poland , a few facts to give the character of precision and truth to the outline . In the fortress of Zamosc twelve state prisoners were found , some of whom had been incarcerated for six years without having undergone a trial , and whose names were only known to the commander of the castle . In the dungeons of Marienanski , in Warsaw , was found a victim of the Russian police , who had been kept in solitary confinement for ten years , and whose fate was entirely unknown to his friends and relatives . Respectable inhabitants of Warsaw were often taken and flogged before the grand duke without the formality of a trial , or the specification of a charge . Some were even , in the same unlawful manner , made to break stones or wheel barrows on the streets or highways like galley slaves . Persons of rank were frequently taken from their homes , immured in prison , and dismissed after several weeks ’ incarceration without knowing what alleged offence had provoked such a wanton exercise of power contrary to the charter and the privileges of Poland ; state offenders were carried out of the country to Russian prisons and attempts were made to give them a journey to Siberia , which were only prevented by the threat of suicide on the part of the victims . The resources of the kingdom were squandered entirely for Russian objects ; and the people were oppressed to maintain a Polish and a Russian army . Peculation and pillage was the order of the day . The president of the town of Warsaw , with a salary of between 500l . and 600l . contrived to amass a fortune of 100 , 000l . in fifteen years , besides living in splendour and squandering twice his legal income . The same unprincipled peculation was practised by other municipal or state officers . The Russian generals were in league with the magistrates and billet-master , to divide the booty received from the inhabitants as the price of exemption from the oppressive quartering of troops on their houses . Spies were employed by the police to watch every man of the least consequence in society , and the nobility were often driven to the country to avoid such dangerous intruders . In several instances members of the diet were banished to their estates , and made to pay the troops that guarded them , for having ventured in the assembly , whose discussions ought to have been free , to express a suspicion of the government , or to hint an opinion contrary to the taste of the grand duke . “ The following statement of facts on this head , to which we have seen no allusion made in the public prints , but the authenticity of which may be relied on , will give a better idea of the system of Russian government in Poland than any general description could convey . We have received it from the quarter to which we have above alluded :— “ According to the laws of Poland , a commission , chosen by the citizens , has the right of examining and auditing the accounts of the town . From the tyrannical system adopted by the officers who were continually about the person of the grand duke , they dared not perform their duty from fear of his displeasure , and probably , at the instigation of the miscreants around him , being consigned to a prison ; remonstrances were , however , generally made at the half-yearly meeting of the commission ; though , up to the period immediately before the revolution , nothing was done to check the evil . In the month of September a circumstance occurred , not important in itself , but of great weight in the future course of events . Janiszewski , a cidevant officer in the army , had sent several petitions to the president of the town , which were treated with neglect and insult . He and the president met in the street , when the latter again insulted him . This was immediately resented by the former , who inflicted severe corporal chastisement on the latter . The grand duke refused to interfere in the affair . A trial ensued , in which some abuses of the president were exposed , and Janiszewski sentenced only to forty days ’ imprisonment . This affair , and this decision , created a strong sensation at the time ; and emboldened the commission appointed to investigate the affairs of the town-house to insist on their rights . The commission , being at length roused by the numerous abuses that were pressed on their attention , obtained an order from the minister of the interior to proceed in the execution of their duties . They immediately formed themselves into branch committees , each two taking cognizance of a department . The task of investigating the abuses in the quartering of the officers devolved on two citizens , called Schuch and Czarnecki . They found , on inquiry , that the owners of large houses were induced to compromise with the billetmaster for a sum in cash equal to one-fourth , and in some instances to one half of the amount of rent , in lieu of having a general or any number of inferior officers quartered on them . In Warsaw many of the houses contain from fifty to a hundred families ; consequently , the billet-compensation money was a grievous tax . The mass of extortions were found to exceed in reality any previous estimate . A new scene now opened to view . Those gentlemen received evidence that the Russian generals were participators in the pillage of the town , and in league with the president and billet-master . Feeling that they should be detected in proceedings so disgraceful , they consulted a lawyer ( Wolinski ,) to know if the researches of the committee could not be legally prevented . His opinion was given in the negative ; but , in order to divert the public mind from the investigation , he advised Czarnecki to provoke one of the commission to strike him , when he should be able to prosecute him for attacking an employ é and by that means get rid of the investigation . Czarnecki used the most insulting language to Mr. Schuch , and in a fit of desperation seized hold of his arm , with the intention of putting him out of the room by force . The committee-man being on his guard , the manoeuvre failed . Czarnecki , seeing himself foiled , his iniquity discovered , and his ill-gotten wealth likely to be confiscated , committed suicide , and thus left the president and generals to fight their own battles . The artillery of Messrs. Schuch and Czarnecki was now directed against the whole of the Russian and two Polish generals , the notorious and unprincipled Raznieki , the head of the secret police of the kingdom , and Kossecki . Means had in vain been tried to bribe Messrs. Schuch and Czarnecki through the commissary of the circle , that the investigations should cease , or that the generals should not appear to be implicated in the affair . It was ascertained by the investigation that General Lewicki , Russian commander of the town , independently of the lodgings he occupied , received payment for more than a hundred lodgings ; that General Gendre received payment of 212l . 10s . ; that Philippeus , cashier to the grand duke , received from the same fund 225l . annually , which was sweetened by a prompt payment of 2 , 500l ., being ten years in advance ; and that the coachmen and lackeys of the grand duke and generals received money from the same fund , instead of wages from their masters . As the inflexibility and integrity of those gentlemen were proof against all bribes , the generals foresaw the impending storm which threatened to break and overwhelm them . In this critical situation , they conceived one of the most atrocious plots on record . Its object was to create a disturbance , by which the town-house should be set on fire , and the documents which implicated them in the pillage should be consumed . They agreed to produce this by arming a number of students ; and their agent was an officer in the army , known to belong to the secret societies . The sum of 200 ducats in gold was paid him as a reward for anticipated services , and 200 stand of arms was provided him . For such a project this man seemed a fit agent . He took lodgings in the house where the students met to hold their deliberations , opened to them his revolutionary views , and represented himself as one qualified to rescue their common country from the grasp of despotism . He so far ingratiated himself into their confidence as to obtain some knowledge of the general plan for the freedom of Poland . Circumstances , however , created distrust of this new and overzealous auxiliary ; and the students refused to act with him , or to receive the muskets the generals had provided for distribution . Communication having now ceased between Petrikowski and the students , he took lodgings in the next room to that in which they met to hold their deliberations ; what he overheard was communicated to the generals ; and ten students were in consequence denounced , arrested , and severely flogged ( by an arbitrary order of the grand duke ,) to make them divulge their associates . Though writhing under the whip of the executioner , not a word escaped their lips to inculpate their friends , or impart a knowledge of the schemes that had so long engrossed their thoughts . The severity of the punishment may be conceived by the fact , that one of the number died soon after its infliction . The students were kept in solitary confinement , and their punishment remained uncertain ; universal sympathy was felt for their sufferings by their comrades , coupled with an ardent desire to relieve them ; but by this time danger threatened to implicate a great part of their body , and it was ascertained that an order to arrest a great number was to take place on the 30th November . On the 27th November , an order arrived in Warsaw from the emperor , to send to Riga with all possible despatch 42 , 000 , 000 of florins , equal to 1 , 050 , 000l . sterling , of which 2 , 000 , 000 were to be furnished from the treasury of the minister of war , 28 , 000 , 000 from the government treasury , and 12 , 000 , 000 from the bank . These two circumstances concurring , created great activity in all persons connected with the overthrow of despotism and the freedom of their country ; and it was determined only on the memorable morning of the 29th to commence their patriotic work in the evening . ” The Editor 's Conclusion , or Summary of the Year is likewise worthy of extract : “ The curtain of the year 1830 dropped on Europe in a state of ferment and agitation , of which it was impossible to check the progress or to foretell the result . The masses of the population had been stirred up from the bottom by the concussion of the French and Belgic revolutions , and could not be expected for a long time to subside into order , or resume a determinate arrangement according to their weight and affinities . The partition wall of privilege , rank , or subordination , interposed between different classes of the European community , had in some cases been forcibly broken down , and in others had been more silently undermined . Antiquity , custom , usage , or legitimacy , which formerly became a shelter to abuses , could not now protect justice and right from threatened innovation . Everywhere power was challenged on its rounds , and compelled to give the popular watchword before it could be allowed to pass . Whether it was a nation that demanded its independence from a foreign power , as in Belgium and Poland ; or a people that cashiered their dynasty , as in France and Saxony ; or a parliament that changed its administration for a more popular party , as in England ; or republics that liberalized their institutions , as in Switzerland ,— all was movement and change . The breath of revolution sometimes blew from the suburbs of a capital , as in France ; sometimes from the cottages of the peasant , as in the Swiss mountains ; but it was every where powerful . No institution was held venerable , no authority sacred , that stood in the way of the popular will . The people had every where got a purchase against their rulers , and had fixed their engines for a further pull . The power of domestic military protection had diminished , in proportion as rulers required its aid ; while , at the same time , all Europe seemed arming for a general trial of strength , or a recommencement of conquest . Every kind of reform was the order of the day ; financial reform , legal reform , ecclesiastical reform , and parliamentary reform . The year that has just commenced must resolve the character of many of those vague tendencies to change , to war , and confusion , which alarmed some and inspired hope into others at the close of 1830 . ” NOTES OF A READER . THE DRAMATIC ANNUAL . Mr Frederick Reynolds , the veteran dramatist , has , by the aid of Mr. W. H . Brooke , produced an amusing and elegant volume of a Playwright 's Adventures , under the above title , Mr. Brooke 's contributions are a plentiful sprinkling of Cuts , full of point and humour , and dovetailed by the Editor with no lack of ingenuity . The Narrative itself purports to be a series of adventures , or a volume of accidents to a young playwright in quest of dramatic fortune , with a due admixture of love and murder , and “ a happy union . ” — These are relieved by pungent attempts at repartee and harmless raillery , so as to make the dialogue portion glide off pleasantly enough . Instead of quoting an entire chapter from the volume , we are enabled to transfer to our pages a few of its epigrammatic illustrations . First , is what Mr. Reynold calls l'auteur siffl è, but this , for the sake of comprehensiveness , we style the damned author . THE DAMNED AUTHOR . Mr. Reynolds seems to hold with Swift , that the merriest faces are in mourning coaches , for his hero at a funeral introduces one of the best cuts . Thus — On Vivid 's return home , his gratification was soon diminished by the recollections of “ existing circumstances , ” and these caused him to sink into a gloomy and desponding state ; when Sam Alltact , rather malapropos , entered with a black-edged card , inviting his master to the funeral of a deceased acquaintance , an eminent young artist , named Gilmaurs , who , never having been an R. A ., but simply an engraver of extraordinary genius , was not to be buried under the dome of St. Paul 's , but in a village churchyard . THE HANGING COMMITTEE . Vivid could not help remarking to a brother mourner , that , in his opinion , the profession of a painter was as much overrated as that of an engraver was underrated : “ for , ” he added , “ what real and unprejudiced connoisseur , while contemplating Woollett 's Roman Edifices from Claude , and Sir Robert Strange 's Titian 's Mistress from Titian , with many others , would not acknowledge , that the copy in many instances so rivalled , if not surpassed , the original , that it became a decided question , which artist ought to carry off the palm ? ” “ Or , at any rate , ” cried an odd accordant theatrical companion , “ the connoisseur might say , with Shakspeare — ‘ Which is the merchant here , and which the Jew ? ’ ” “ There is no doubt , that in any school of painting , ” continued our hero , “ such men as Reynolds , West , and Lawrence , cannot be too much upheld whilst living or lauded and regretted when dead . There is likewise Wilkie — another Hogarth —— ” “ I beg your pardon , ” rejoined the theatrical gentleman ; “ but till I can forget the blunderbuss fired from the upsetting coach , the cobweb over the poor'shYpppHeNbox , and the gay parson and undertaker at the harlot 's funeral , I cannot allow of the comparison . Besides , I admire Hogarth for another reason : did he consider an engraver 's to be an infradig . profession ? No , for he was the engraver of his own works . ” “ True , ” replied Vivid ; “ and other painters have been engravers . But to the point : look at the variety of the exquisite engravings in the Annuals ; and having compared them with the large , coarse , mindless pictures in — what may be called another annual — the Exhibition of the Royal Academy , then say , whether you do not prefer the distinct delicate touches of a well-directed burin , to the broad , trowel-like splashings of an ill-directed painting-brush ? ” “ I do ; and whilst I bow down to the excellence of such a portrait as that of Charles the First , by Vandyke , or that of Robin Goodfellow , by Sir Joshua , cum multis aliis by painters of the same pre-eminent description — ay , and also whilst I greatly admire numerous pictures still annually exhibited by highly talented living artists , I ask , if I am not to speak my mind relative to that class of painting , which might pass muster outside the inns at Dartford , or Hounslow , or ——. However , ‘ the lion preys not upon carcasses , ’ and , therefore , I will leave these canvass-spoilers to the judgment of those , who will show them in their proper light — viz . the hanging-committee . ” The funeral being concluded , they return to town , Vivid agreeing with his odd companion in leaving the canvass-spoilers to the hanging committee . Is it not to be hoped that a day may come when a thorough revision and amelioration of our equity laws will be deemed a matter of as great national importance as that chief occupier of the time of our grand rural Capulets and Montagues , the revision and amelioration of the game laws . Illustration TRIAL BY BATTLE . “ Ay , leave lawyers to wrangle amongst each other — a practice which of late years has become so much a legal fashion , that some of our Westminster Hall heroes , forgetting their clients ’ quarrels in their own , suddenly convert themselves into a new plaintiff and defendant , and brawl forth such home coarse vituperations —— ” “ True ;— formerly they used to brow-beat witnesses , now they brow-beat one another , and so defyingly , that ere long , who knows but the four courts may resemble , as punsters would say , the five courts ? ” Illustration KICKING THE WORLD . Every one has heard of kicking the world before them , though , comparatively , so few succeed in the task . The wights in the cut are in an enviable condition . Illustration A sketch of one of those inveterate story tellers which are the standing dishes of a table d'h ô te , introduces one of the best of the cuts , Mr . Blase Bronzely , loquitur : “ Well , gentlemen , as I was saying , when I saw at Stratford-upon-Avon the Shakspearean procession pass in the street , it rained so violently that Caliban and Hamlet 's Ghost carried umbrellas , whilst Ophelia —— ” “ Obvious , my dear Blase ; or , as a late premier used to say , ‘ It can n't be missed , ’ ‘ Too much of water hast thou , poor Ophelia : ’ and , besides , your wet ghost is a mere crib from yourself ; for whenever you go hunting in cloudy weather , do n't you regularly ride with a smart silver parasol over your dear little head ? ” Illustration Soon growing tired of lounging in the library , loitering on the pier , and of all the rest of the usual dull sea-side routine , he literally knew so little what to do with himself , that , to kill an hour or two before dinner , he would frequently be seen seated on a tombstone in the churchyard , yawning ; staring at the church clock , and comparing it with his own watch ;— in short , in some degree resembling “ Patience on a monument . ” A SEA-SIDE TIME-KILLER — ( Dover .) The reader will conclude by these specimens that fun and frolic are the characteristics of the Dramatic Annual ; and we have given him a spice of its best humour . These Cuts , by the way , are in a style which all illustrators would do well to cultivate . We have seen much labour expended on illustrations of works of humour , such as fine etchy work , and points wrought up with extreme delicacy . The effect , however , is any but humorous : you think of painstaking and trouble , whereas a few lines vividly dashed off , by their unstudied style , will ensure a laugh , where more elaborate productions only remind us of effort . Hood 's pen-and-ink cuts are excellent in their way — as bits of fun , but not of art . Now , Brooke 's designs are both works of fun and art . THE FAMILY CABINET ATLAS Is completed with the Twelfth Part , in the same style of excellence as it was commenced . In this portion are two plates , exhibiting a comparative view of Inland Seas and Principal Lakes of the Eastern and Western Hemispheres — which alone are worth the price of the Part . Altogether , the uniformity and elegance of this work reflect high credit on the taste and talent of every one concerned in its production ; and it really deserves a place on every writing-table not already provided with an Atlas . For constant reference , too , it is well calculated , by its convenient size , and is preferable to the cumbrous folio , as well as the varnished , rustling , roller map . THE KING 'S SECRET . Hundreds of persons have probably been disappointed by this work — an historical novel , of the time of Edward the Third , by Mr. Power , of Covent Garden Theatre . Scandal-loving people are so fond of concatenation , or stringing circumstances , causes , and effects together , that in the present case they made up their minds to some secret of our times : some boudoir story of Windsor or St. James 's , which might show how royalty loves . On the contrary , “ the secret ” does not come out ;— the reader is only tickled , his curiosity excited , and the tale , like an ill-going clock , is wound up without striking . We attempt something like an outline of the plot , although it is just to induce Our reader to turn to the work itself , for we foretel he will be pleased with its details . Artevelde , a beer brewster of Ghent , intrigues with Edward to transfer the coronet of Flanders from Count Lewis to the young Prince of Wales . The scheme fails , and Artevelde perishes in an affray with the citizens In his negotiations he had employed his daughter , and dispatched her on one occasion , in a private yacht , to the Thames , to confer with the King . In her passage she is observed and recognised by the follower of a Flemish noble , who has a direct interest in defeating Artevelde 's scheme for the marriage and settlement of his daughter , who , before she reaches the King , is seized by this noble and his agents , but is rescued by a brave young citizen . Here the love begins . This young citizen is the nephew of a wealthy old goldsmith , but he abominates the traffic and filthy lucre of his uncle 's profession — for , it should be added , the goldsmiths were the money-jobbers of those days — and aspires to become a soldier of fortune . London was a fitting place for such ambition , for those were chivalrous times . Artevelde 's daughter entrusts the youth with the commission , and dispatches him to the King : he acquits himself with courtly discretion , and , having displayed some prowess in a passage of arms , soon obtains an appointment in the royal service . Edward 's interview with the lady determines him to start instantly for Flanders , and the young citizen ( Borgia ) accompanies him . They fall into the hands of the same Flemish noble who had attacked the heroine ; but they are rescued , and land at the Flemish coast .— The scheme fails , as we have said : after Artevelde 's death , his daughter becomes the King 's ward . The interests of the parties now become too complicated for us to follow : we may , however , state that “ the King 's Secret ” is the parentage of Borgia ; it was asserted that he was “ the very child reported to have been born during the period of Queen Isabella 's romantic love passages with Roger Mortimer , at the court of Hainault . ” — “ Be content , therefore , with that you and til here already are possessed of , since what remains is , and must continue , ‘ The King 's Secret . ’ ” The heroine is the gemmy character of the story ; but , in that of the King so much license has been used as almost to defy its identification with history . Scenes , situations , and sketches , of uncommon interest , abound throughout the work ; the manners and customs of the times , and the details of costume and pageant glitter are worked up with great labour — perhaps with more than is looked for or will be appreciated in a novel . Still , they are creditable to the taste and research of the author . Occasionally , there are scenes of bold and stirring interest , just such as might be expected from an actor of Mr. Power 's vivid stamp . The storm sketches towards the close of the second volume are even infinitely better than any of John Kemble 's shilling waves or Mr. Farley 's last scenes . In other portions of the work , bits of antiquarianism are so stuck on the pages as to perplex , rather than aid the descriptions , by their technicality . Here and there too the tinsel is unsparingly sprinkled . Nevertheless , there is a vividness — a freshness — and altogether a superior interest , in all the details which must render “ The King 's Secret ” a favourite work with the fiction-and-fact-reading public . The scenes are so complicated in their interest , that it is scarcely possible to detach an extract . In the early part of the first volume occurs a passage relative to the resistance of the people of Ghent to the oppression of their rulers , which smacks strongly of the enthusiasm of liberty . “ Whilst impelled on the one hand by the strong desire to regulate the arbitrary and oppressive exactions , which cramped their energies and held them for ever at the mercy of their despot 's caprice , and restrained on the other hand by their habitual reverence for their feudal princes . Artevelde stepped forth , and in their startled ears pronounced the word “ Resist ! ” His eloquence was well seconded by the grasping severity of a needy and extravagant court , until gradually combining their wrath and intelligence with the energies of the populace jealous of their rights , the merchants and citizens of the cities of Flanders rose upon the bears and butterflies who infested and robbed them , and , thrusting them forth , set modern Europe the first fearful example of a people 's strength , and the rottenness of the wooden gods for whom they laboured . Whilst princes , on their parts , learned a lesson they have not since forgotten or ever ceased to practise , and combining their hosts of slaves , lashed them onward to scare this stranger , Freedom , from the earth , even as in our times of intelligence they have done , and will do ; and the brainless slaves , so lashed , shouted and went forward to the murderous work which rivetted their own fetters , even as in our time they have done , and will again do in times to come . ” SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS . TWENTY YEARS . BY THOMAS HAYNES BAYLY . They tell me twenty years are past Since I have look 'd upon thee last , And thought thee fairest of the fair , With thy sylph-like form and light-brown hair ! I can remember every word That from those smiling lips I heard : Oh ! how little it appears Like the lapse of twenty years . Thou art changed ! in thee I find Beauty of another kind ; Those rich curls lie on thy brow In a darker cluster now ; And the sylph hath given place To the matron 's form of grace .— Yet how little it appears Like the lapse of twenty years . Still thy cheek is round and fair ; ‘ Mid thy curls not one grey hair ; Not one lurking sorrow lies In the lustre of those eyes : Thou hast felt , since last we met , No affliction , no regret ! Wonderful ! to shed no tears In the lapse of twenty years . But what means that changing brow ? Tears are in those dark eyes now ! Have my rush , incautious words Waken 'd Feeling 's slumbering chords ? Wherefore dost thou bid me look At you dark-bound journal book ?— There the register appears Of the lapse of twenty years . Thou hast been a happy bride , Kneeling by a lover 's side ; And unclouded was thy life , As his loved and loving wife ;— Thou hast worn the garb of gloom , Kneeling by that husband 's tomb ;— Thou hast wept a widow 's tears In the lapse of twenty years . Oh ! I see my error now , To suppose , in cheek and brow , Strangers may presume to find Treasured secrets of the mind : There fond Memory still will keep Her vigil , when she seems to sleep ; Though composure re-appears In the lapse of twenty years . Where 's the hope that can abate The grief of hearts thus desolate That can Youth 's keenest pangs assuage , And mitigate the gloom of Age ? Religion bids the tempest cease , And , leads her to a port of peace ; And on , the lonely pilot steers Through the lapse of future years . New Monthly Magazine . MEMOIRS OF THE MACAW OF A LADY OF QUALITY . By Lady Morgan . ( Continued from page 318 ) . Meantime Father Flynn , with a Jesuit 's adroitness , was endeavouring to gain his object , as I afterwards learned ; but on alluding to his works and celebrity , he discovered that the ambassador had never so much as heard of him , though he had heard wonders of his parrot , which he requested might be sent for . I was immediately ushered into the cabinet , as the superior went out , and I never saw my dear master more . Perhaps he could “ bear no rival near the throne ; ” perhaps , in his preoccupation , he forgot to reclaim me . Be that as it may , he sailed that night , in a Portuguese merchantman , for Lisbon ; and I became the property of the representative of his British Majesty . After the first few days of favouritism , I sensibly lost ground with his excellency ; for he was too deeply occupied , and had too many resources of his own , to find his amusement in my society . During the few days I sat at his table , I entertained his diplomatic guests with cracking nuts , extracting the kernels , peeling oranges , talking broad Scotch and Parisian French , chanting the “ Gloria , ” dancing “ Gai Coco , ” and , in fact , exhibiting all my accomplishments . I was , however , soon sent to the secretary 's office to be taught a new jargon , and to be subjected to tricks from the underlings of the embassy . Here I picked up but little , for there was but little to pick up . I learned , however , to call for “ Red tape and sealing-wax ” — to cry “ What a bore ! ” “ Did you ever see such a quiz ? ” — to call “ Lord Charles , ” “ Mr. Henry , ” and pronounce “ good for nothing ” — a remark applied by the young men to the pens , which they flung away by hundreds , and which the servants picked up and sold , with other perquisites of office incidental to their calling . Whenever I applied these acquisitions with effect , it was always attributed to chance ; but I was so tormented and persecuted by Lord Charles and Mr. Henry , who being unpaid attach é s , had nothing to do , and helped each other to do it , that I took every opportunity to annoy them . One day , when the ante-room was filled with young officers of the British frigate , one of the boobies , pointing to Lord Charles , called to me , “ Poll , who is that ? ” I answered , “ Red tape and sealing-wax ; ” and raised a general shout at the expense of the little diplomatic pedant . An Irish midshipman present , a Mr. O'Gallagher , pointing to Mr. Henry , asked me , “ Who is that , Poll ? ” “ Good for nothing , ” I replied ; and Mr. Henry flew at me in a rage , swore I had been taught to insult him , and that he would wring my neck off . This he would have done but for the protection of the chaplain , to whose breast I flew , and who carried me away to his own room . In a few days I was consigned to Mr. O'Gallagher , the midshipman , as a present to the chaplain 's patroness , a lady of high rank and celebrated sanctity in Ireland , near to whose Propaganda the family of O'Gallagher resided . I was the bearer of a letter of introduction , in which my pious education and saintly acquirements were set forth , my knowledge of the Creed exposed , and myself recommended as a means of aiding her ladyship 's proselyting vocation , as animals of less intelligence had done before . I embarked therefore on board the British frigate — an honour which had been refused my old master , and was treated with great care and attention during the voyage . On arriving in a British port , my young protector got leave of absence , and took a passage in a vessel bound for Dublin . On the morning of our coming to anchor , my cage was put on shore on the quay , while O'Gallagher returned to look after his luggage . Thus left to myself , I soon attracted the attention of a wretched , squalid-looking animal , something between a scare-crow and a long-armed gibbon . His melancholy visage dilated into a broad grin the moment he saw me ; and coming up , and making me a bow , he said , “ Ah ! thin , Poll , agrah , you 're welcome to ould Ireland . Would you take a taste of potato , just to cure your say-sickness ? ” and he put a cold potato into my cage , which he had been gnawing with avidity himself . The potato was among the first articles of my food in my native paradise , and the recollection of it awakened associations which softened me towards the poor , hospitable creature who presented it . Still I hesitated , till he said , “ Take it , Miss , and a thousand welcomes ,— take it , agrah , from poor Pat . ” I took it with infinite delight ; and holding it in my claws , and peeling it with my beak , began to mutter “ Poor Pat ! poor Pat ! ” “ Oh , musha , musha ! oh , by the powers ! ” He cried , “ but that 's a great bird , any how — just like a Christian — look here , boys . ” A crowd now gathered round my cage , and several exclamations , which recalled my old friends of the Propaganda , caught my attention . “ Oh ! queen of glory ! ” cried one ; “ Holy Moses ! ” exclaimed another ; “ Blessed rosary ! ” said a third . I turned my head from side to side , listening ; and excited by the excitement I caused , I recited several scraps of litanies in good Latinity ,— There was first an universal silence , then an universal shout , and a general cry of “ A miracle ! a miracle ! ” “ Go to Father Murphy , ” said one ; “ Off with ye , ye sowl , to the Counsellor , ” said a second ; “ Bring the baccah to him , ” cried an old woman ; “ Mrs. Carey , where is your blind son ? ” said a young one . Could faith have sufficed , I should indeed have worked miracles . In the midst of my triumphs , Mr. O'Gallagher returned , carried me off , put me in a carriage , and drove away , followed by the shouting multitude .— That night we put up at an hotel in Sackville-street , and the next morning the street re-echoed with cries of “ Here is a full account of the miraculous parrot just arrived in the city of Dublin , with a list of his wonderful cures , for the small charge of one halfpenny . ” Shortly after we set off by the Ballydangan heavy fly , for Sourcraut Hall . I was placed on the top of the coach , to the delight of the outside passengers ; where I soon made an acquaintance with the customary oratory of guards and coachmen , which produced much laughter . I rapidly added to my vocabulary many curious phrases , among which the most distinct were — “ Aisy , now , aisy , ” “ Get along out of that , ” “ All 's right , ” & c. & c. & c. with nearly a verse of “ The night before Larry was stretched , ” tune and all , and the air of “ Polly put the kettle on , ” which the guard was practising on his bugle , to relieve the tedium of the journey . Like all nervous animals , I am extremely susceptible to external impressions ; and the fresh air , movement , and company , had all their usual exhilarating effects on my spirits . Our lady of Sourcraut Hall , Lady C ——, received myself and my protector with a ceremonious and freezing politeness ; asked a few questions concerning my treatment , gentleness , and docility ; and desiring my kind companion to put me on the back of a chair , she bowed him out of the room . When he was gone , the lady turned to a gloomy-looking man , who sat reading at a table , and who looked so like one of the Portuguese brothers of the Propaganda , that I took him for a frate — “ What a poor benighted creature that young man seems to be ! ” she said . The grave gentleman , who I afterwards found was known in the neighbourhood by the title of her ladyship 's “ moral agent , ” replied , “ What , madam , would you have of an O'Gallagher — a family of the blackest Papists in the county ? ” My lady shook her head , and threw up her devout eyes .— Dinner was now announced , and the moral agent giving his hand to the lady , I was left to sleep away the fatigue of my journey . I awoke very hungry , and consequently disposed to be very talkative , but was silenced by finding myself surrounded by a crowd of persons of both sexes , who were eagerly gazing on me . A certain prostrate look of sly , shy humility , lengthened their pale faces , to the exclusion of all intellectual expression . They formed a sort of religious meeting , called a tea-and-tract party ; but the open door discovered preparations for a more substantial conclusion to the obbligato prayers and lectures of the evening . My new mistress was evidently descanting on my merits , and read that paragraph from the chaplain 's letter which described my early associations , my knowledge of the Creed , and announced me as a source of edification to her servants . Two or three words of this harangue operating on my memory , I put forth my profession of faith with a clearness of articulation and fidelity really wonderful for a bird . What exclamations ! what turning-up of eyes ! I was stifled with caresses , intoxicated with praises , and crammed with sweetmeats . The moral agent grew pale with jealousy , when Doctor Direful was announced . He rushed into the room like a whirlwind , but stood aghast at beholding the devout crowd that encircled me . Instead of the usual apophthegms , and serious discourse , he heard nothing but “ Pretty Poll , ” “ Scratch a poll , ” “ What a dear bird , ” & c. The malicious moral agent chuckled , and explained that the bird had , for the moment , usurped the attention which should exclusively belong to his reverence , who had taken the pains to come so far to enlighten the dark inmates of Sourcraut Hall . Dr. Direful stood rolling his fierce eye ( he had but one ) on the abashed assembly ; and , pushing me off my perch , drove me with his handkerchief into the dense crowd which filled the bottom of the room , and consisted of all the servants of the house , with some recently converted Papists from among the Sourcraut tenantry . All drew back in horror , to let one so anathematised pass without contact . I coiled myself up near a droll-looking little postilion , who , while turning up the whites of his eyes , was coaxing me to him with a fragment of plumb-cake , which he had stolen from the banquet-table . Dr. Direful returned to the centre of the room , and mounted a desk to commence his lecture . The auditory crowded and cowered timidly round him , while he , looking down on them with a wrathful and contemptuous glance , was about to pour forth the pious venom which hung upon his lips , when a sharp cry of “ Get along out of that ” struck him dumb . Inquiry was useless , for all were ready to swear that they had not uttered a word . Dr. Direful called them “ blasphemous liars , ” and proceeded one and all to empty the vials of his wrath through the words of a text of awful denunciation , which I dare not here repeat ; but his words were again arrested by the exclamation of , “ Aisy now , aisy — what a devil of a hurry you are in ! ” uttered in quick succession .— He jumped down from his altitude ; and , in reply to his renewed inquiries , a serious coachman offered up to the vengeance of this Moloch of methodism the mischievous postilion , who had that morning detected the not always sober son of the whip in other devotions than those to which he professed exclusive addiction . When I saw the rage of all parties , I thought of the roasted Indians of the Brazils , and shuddered for the poor lad . After a short , but inquisitorial examination , in which he in vain endeavoured to throw the blame on me , he was stripped of his gaudy dress , and in spite of his well-founded protestations of innocence , turned almost naked from the house . When peace was restored , a hymn was sung as an exorcism of the evil spirit that had gotten among the assembly ; when , being determined to exculpate the poor postilion , I joined with all my force in the chorus , with my Catholic “ Gloria in excelsis , ” which I abruptly changed into “ Polly put the kettle on . ” Thus taken in the fact , I was , without ceremony , denounced as an emissary from Clongowes , brought to Sourcraut Hall by the Papist O'Gallagher , with a forged letter , to disturb the community . I was immediately cross-examined by a religious attorney , as if I had been a white-boy or a ribbon-man . “ Come forward , ” he said , “ you bird of satan !— speak out , and answer for yourself , for its yourself can do it , you egg of the devil ! What brought you here ? ” I answered , “ It was all for my sweet sowl 's sake , jewel ! ” — and the answer decided my fate , without more to do . And now loaded with all the reproaches that the odium theologicum could suggest , I was cuffed , hunted , and finally driven out of the gates by the serious coachman , to perish on the highway . On recovering from my fright , I found myself at the edge of a dry ditch , where the poor shivering postilion sat lamenting his martyrdom . I went up to him , cowering and chattering ; and at the sight of me the tears dried on his dirty cheeks — his sobs changed to a laugh of delight ; and when I hopped on his wrist , and cried “ Poor Pat , ” all his sufferings were forgotten . While thus occupied , a little carriage , drawn by a superb horse , with the reins thrown loose on his beautiful neck , ascended the hill . At the sight I screamed out “ Get along out of that ! ” which so frightened the high-blooded creature that he started , and flung the two persons in the carriage fairly into the middle of the road . One of them , in a military dress , sprung at once on his feet , and laying the whip across the naked shoulders of the postilion , exclaimed , “ I 'll teach you , you little villain , to break people 's necks . ” “ Oh ! murther ! murther ! ” cried the poor boy , “ shure , it was not me , plase your honour , only the parrot , Captain . ” “ What parrot , you lying rascal ? ” “ There , Captain , Sir , look forenenst you . ” The captain did look up , and saw me perched on the branch of a scrubby hawthorn-tree . Surprised and amused , he exclaimed , “ By Jove ! how odd ! What a magnificent bird ! Why Poll , what the deuce brought you here ? ” “ Eh , sirs , ” I replied at random , “ it was aw ’ for the love of the siller . ” The captain , and his little groom Midge , who had picked himself up on the other side of the cabriolet , shrieked with laughing . “ I say , my boy , ” said the captain , “ is that macaw your 's ? ” “ It is , ” said the little liar . “ Would you take a guinea for it ? ” asked the captain . “ Troth , would I ; two , ” said the postilion . “ Done , ” said the captain ; and pulling out his purse , and giving the two guineas , I suffered myself to be caught and placed in the cabriolet . The young officer sprang in after me , and , taking the reins , pursued his journey . We slept that night at a miserable inn in a miserable town . The next morning we arrived at my old hotel in Sackville-street , and shortly after sailed for England . The Honourable George Fitz-Forward , my new master , was a younger brother of small means and large pretensions . He had been quartered at Kil-mac-squabble with a detachment , where he had passed the winter in still-hunting , quelling ructions , shooting grouse and rebels , spitting over the bridge , and smoking cigars ; and having obtained leave of absence , pour se d 'é crasser , was on his way to London for the ensuing season . We travelled in the cab by easy stages , and halted only at great houses on the road , beginning with Plas Newyd , and ending at Sion House . My master 's rank , and my talents , were as good as board wages to us ; and as the summer was not yet sufficiently advanced for the London winter , we found every body at home , and had an amazingly pleasant time . My master was enchanted with his acquisition . I made the frais of every society ; and my repartees and bonmots furnished the Lord Johns and Lady Louisas with subjects for whole reams of pink and blue note-paper . My master frequently said , “ That bird is wonderful ! he is a great catch ! ” — and my fame had spread over the whole west end of the town a full week before our arrival in London . The Metropolitan , No . I . LONDON LYRICS , PROVERBS . My good Aunt Bridget , spite of age , Versed in Valerian , Dock , and Sage , Well knew the Virtues of herbs ; But Proverbs gain 'd her chief applause , “ Child , ” she exclaimed , “ respect old saws , And pin your faith on Proverbs . ” Thus taught , I dubb 'd my lot secure ; And , playing long-rope , “ slow and sure , ” Conceived my movement clever ; When lo ! an urchin by my side Push 'd me head foremost in , and cried — “ Keep Moving , ” “ Now or Never , ” At Melton , next , I join 'd the hunt , Of bogs and bushes bore the brunt , Nor once my courser held in ; But when I saw a yawning steep , I thought of “ Look before you leap , ” And curb 'd my eager gelding . While doubtful thus I rein 'd my roan , Willing to save a fractured bone , Yet fearful of exposure , A sportsman thus my spirit stirr 'd — “ Delays are dangerous ; ” — I spurr 'd My steed , and leap 'd th ’ enclosure . I ogled Jane , who heard me say That “ Rome was not built in a day , ” When lo : Sir Fleet O'Grady Put this , my saw , to sea again , And proved , by running off with Jane , “ Faint heart ne'er won fair Lady . ” Aware “ New Brooms sweep clean , ” I took An untaught tyro for a cook , ( The tale I tell a fact is ) She spoilt my soup ; but , when I chid , She thus once more my work undid , “ Perfection comes from Practice . ” Thus , out of every adage hit , And , finding that ancestral wit As changeful as the clime is : From Proverbs , turning on my heel , I now cull Wisdom from my seal , Who 's motto 's “ Ne quid nimis . ” New Monthly Magazine . THE GATHERER . A snapper up of unconsidered trifles . SHAKSPEARE . SHIP LAUNCH . In a few months a new ship will be launched , called the Reform . Admiral , William the Fourth — Chief Mate , Grey — Pilot , Brougham — Purser , Russell — Crew , the people of England , Scotland , and Ireland . Bound to Palace Yard , Westminster ; freight uncommonly cheap , with good stowage . N. B . For further particulars inquire of Bob Oldborough , at the sign of the Tumble down Dick , Borough , Southwark . P. T. W . Gold coins ( ix James I .) were raised by proclamation , 2s . in every 20s . Groat .— In the Saxon time , we had no silver money bigger than a penny , nor after the conquest , till Edward III . who about the year 1351 , coined grosses ( i. e . groats , or great pieces ) which went for 4d . a-piece ; and so the matter stood till the reign of Henry VII . who in 1504 first coined shillings . G. K . TWO THOUSAND POUNDS REFUSED BY A BURGESS FOR HIS VOTE . Oldfield , in his History of Boroughs , says , “ On the death of the late Lord Holmes , a very powerful attempt was made by Sir William Oglander and some other neighbouring gentlemen , to deprive his lordship 's nephew and successor , the Rev . Mr. Troughear Holmes , of his influence over the Corporation of Newport , Isle of Wight . The number of that body was at that time twenty-three , there being one vacancy amongst the aldermen , occasioned by the recent death of Lord Holmes . Eleven of them continued firm to the interest of the nephew , and the same number was equally eager to transfer that interest to Sir William Oglander and the Worsley family . A Mr. Taylor of this town , one of the burgesses , withheld his declaration , and as his vote would decide the balance of future influence , it was imagined that he only suspended it for the purpose of private advantage . Agreeably to that idea , he was eagerly sought by the agents of each party . The first who applied is said to have made him an offer of 2. 000l . Mr. Taylor had actually made up his mind to have voted with his party , but the moment his integrity and independence were attacked , he reversed his determination , and resolved to give his suffrage on the opposite side . That party , however , like their opponents , being ignorant of the favour designed them , and of the accident to which they owed it , assailed him with a more advantageous offer . He informed them that he had but just formed the resolution , in consequence of a similar insult from their adversaries , of giving them his support , but since he had discovered that they were both aiming at power by the same means , he was determined to vote for neither of them ; and to put himself out of the power of further temptation , he resolved to resign his gown as a burgess of the corporation ; which he accordingly did the next day . ” P. T. W . CARDINAL WOLSEY . Limington , one mile east from Ilchester , in Somersetshire , is noted on account of a school having been kept there by the great Cardinal Wolsey in the early part of his life , who whilst in this situation was , for a misdemeanour , put into the stocks by Sir Amias Pawlett . This indignity was never forgiven by the haughty prelate , who , when in power , made Sir Amias feel the weight of his resentment , by making him dance attendance at the court for many years , whilst soliciting a favour . C. D . On an unsuccessful Oculist , who became a Tallow Chandler . So many of the human kind , Under his hands became stone blind , That for such failings to atone , At length he let the trade alone ; And ever after in despite Of darkness , liv 'd by giving , light ; But Death who has exciseman 's power To enter houses every hour , Thinking his light grew rather sallow , Snuffed out his wick , and seized his tallow . I. H . TO CORRESPONDENTS . We are again compelled to remind our Correspondents that by the multiplicity of their well-intended communications , we are unable to answer them individually otherwise than by the insertion of their papers . We receive upwards of 150 letters during the month , and were we to promise replies to all of them , our Editorial duties would he heavy indeed , especially as the correspondence is but one of the many features of the Mirror . Printed and Published by J. LIMBIRD , 143 , Strand , ( near Somerset House ,) London ; sold by ERNEST FLEISCHER , 626 , New Market , Leipsic , G. G . BENNIS , 55 , Rue Neuve , St. Augustin , Paris ; and by all Newsmen and Booksellers .