No . 106 . OCTOBER , 1875 Vol . XVIII . THE NURSERY A Monthly Magazine FOR YOUNGEST READERS . BOSTON : JOHN L. SHOREY , 36 BROMFIELD STREET . AMERICAN NEWS Co ., 119 NASSAU ST ., NEW YORK . NEW-ENGLAND NEWS Co ., 41 COURT ST ., BOSTON . CENTRAL NEWS Co ., PHILADELPHIA . WESTERN NEWS Co ., Chicago . $ 1. 60 a Year , in advance , Postage included . A single copy , 15 cts . Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1875 , by JOHN L. SHOREY , in the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington . CONTENTS OF NUMBER ONE HUNDRED AND SIX . PAGE . THE DELIGHTS OF THE SEASIDE By Emily Carter 97 MABEL AND HER FRIEND CARLO By Ned 99 PLAYING KING By Alfred Selwyn 100 A TRUE ANTELOPE STORY By Lloyd Wyman 102 THE APPLE TREE By Clara Doty Bates 105 A COUNCIL OF HORSES By Uncle Charles 106 THE PET OF THE SHIP By C. E. C . 108 THE UNMOTHERLY HEN By C. R. W . 111 A DRAWING LESSON 113 THE CHILDREN 'S VISIT TO THE LIGHTHOUSE By Charlie 's Mamma 114 GOING AFTER COWS By W. T. O . 116 ROLY-POLY By Olive A. Wadsworth 119 ELSIE 'S DUCKS By Ida Fay 120 FISHING FOR TROUT By Alfred Selwyn 122 WE THREE By Bella 124 PET , THE CANARY By Mamma 125 THE CAT SHOW By Sallie 's Mamma 126 GOING THROUGH THE CORN ( Music by T. Crompton ) 128 EDITOR 'S PORTFOLIO . With this number we begin on the last quarter of the year 1875 ; and we have the pleasure of informing our host of readers , young and old , that the prospects of “ The Nursery ” were never so encouraging as now . It has not only held its own during these hard times , but gone on increasing . Canvassers may take hold of it with the assurance that future numbers will be improvements even on the past . “ Playing the King , ” in our present number , will be a good piece for humorous declamation at school . Both the artist and the poet have done their work well . For the coming holidays , there will be no juvenile work equal in attraction to the “ NURSERY PRIMER , ” which will now soon be ready . It will be the best book for beginners ever got up . Already we have received numerous orders for it , to which we shall soon respond . “ The Easy Book ” and “ The Beautiful Book ” ought to be remembered by dealers ordering for the holidays . These books have only to be seen to be appreciated . The Nursery series of books is allowed to be the best for the purpose designed , namely , the teaching of children to read , chiefly by their own efforts , that has ever appeared . Unaccepted articles will be returned to the writers if stamps are sent with them to pay return postage . Manuscripts not so accompanied will not be preserved , and subsequent requests for their return cannot be complied with . [ Hand —>] == New Subscribers for 1876 , whose names and money are sent us before November next , will receive the last three numbers of 1875 FREE .== [ Hand —>] We want a special agent in every town in the United States . Persons disposed to act in that capacity , are invited to communicate with the publisher . Illustration THE DELIGHTS OF THE SEASIDE . Oh merry , merry sports had we , last summer on the beach ,— Lucy and Oliver and I , with Uncle Sam to teach ! At times , clad in our bathing-suits , we 'd join our hands , all four , And rush into the water , or run along the shore . The wet sand , how it glistened on the sunny summer day ! And how the waves would chase us back , as if they were in play ! And when , on the horizon blue , a sail we would espy , How “ Ship ahoy ! ” or “ Whither bound ? ” we all of us would cry ! The white , white sand , so smooth and hard , oh what a place for fun ! With no one by to check our screams , or say , “ Now , pray , have done ! ” The sea-birds , not at all disturbed by all our mirthful noise , Would cry to us , as if they said , “ Shout on , shout on , my boys ! ” Sometimes we 'd seek for flattened stones , and skim them o'er the waves ; Then go where , in the piled-up rocks , the sea had hollowed caves ; Or sit and feel the cooling breeze in silent happiness ; Or hunt for seaweed in the clefts , and take it home to press . And well do I remember there a little shallow creek , Where we would go and sail our ships , at least three times a week : We loaded them with cargoes rich , and sent them all to Spain ; And back they came with heavy freights , by which we made much gain . Oh ! pleasant pastimes on the beach , how often I recall The ocean grand , the distant sails , the rocks , the lighthouse tall ! They do not fade , these pictures bright , from memory 's inner view ; And age itself shall never dim their colors ever new . EMILY CARTER . Illustration MABEL AND HER FRIEND CARLO . Mabel lives on a hill , quite near a beautiful lake , and is very fond of going with her papa to take a row on the water . Sometimes they visit the woods on the other side of the lake , and pick wild flowers , or go where the water-lilies grow , near the shore , and gather a bunch of the pretty white blossoms . But I must tell about Mabel 's friend Carlo . He is a large shaggy dog , owned by a gentleman who lives near . Although quite a young dog , he knows a great deal . He is very fond of water , and is wild with delight at the prospect of a swim . His master owns a large sail-boat , and , as the water near the shore is not deep , he has to use a small boat to reach it . When Carlo sees him take down the oar from its place in the yard , he runs up , and takes it in his mouth , as much as to say , “ Let me carry that for you , master . ” Then he trots down the hill with the oar , feeling very proud that he is allowed to carry it . One day , Carlo took hold of the rope with his teeth , and drew the small boat to the shore ; so that his master , who was in it , did not have to use the oar . Mabel loves Carlo very much ; and , although he is a large dog , he knows that he must play very gently with little boys and girls , and not hurt them with his great paws . NED PLAYING KING . Ho ! I 'm a king , a king ! A crown is on my head ; A sword is at my side ; and regal is my tread : Ho , slave ! proclaim my will to all the people round ,— The schools are hereby closed ; henceforth must fun abound . Vacation shall not end ; all slates I order smashed ; The man who says “ arithmetic ” — he must be soundly thrashed ; All grammars shall be burnt ; the spellers we will tear ; The boy who spells correctly — a fool 's cap he shall wear . No dolls shall be allowed , for dolls are what I hate ; The girls must give them up , and learn to swim and skate ; Confectioners must charge only a cent a pound For all the plums and candy that in the shops are found . That man who asks a dime for any pear or peach — I 'll have him hung so high , that none his feet can reach ; No baker is allowed hereafter to bake bread ; He must bake only pies and cake and ginger-snaps instead . All lecturers must quit our realm without delay ; The circus-men and clowns , on pain of death , must stay ; All folks who frown on fun , at once must banished be : Now , fellow , that you know my will , to its fulfilment see ! ALFRED SELWYN . Illustration A TRUE ANTELOPE STORY . Some time ago , I told the readers of “ The Nursery ” about catching a buffalo-calf . I will now tell them about a young antelope which we caught , and another which we almost caught . Tip and I were in that part of Western Kansas which is left blank on the maps . Two hunters , Thompson and Hughes , had joined us ; and we were coming back from a buffalo-chase . We had been crawling lazily along , over prairie , through valley , up and down hill , since sunrise , and it was now nearly noon . All of a sudden , from a clump of tall grass near us , up sprung an antelope and a pair of beautiful fawns . Like a flash , the old one and one of the fawns started over the brow of the ridge on which they were lying ; while the other little fellow began running around in a circle , as you have seen ponies do at the circus , bleating as hard as he could . The boys leaped from the wagons in an instant , while I remained to hold the horses . Ranging themselves around the circle , the three hunters every now and then , dashed headlong after the fawn as he flew past ; but missed him by a rod or more every time . Our dog Landy , also , was on hand for the fun ; and it was a laughable sight to see the great awkward fellow straining every nerve to overtake the little streak of animated lightning that flashed before him . Landy was a Newfoundland shepherd , and I knew that nothing could induce him to hurt the fawn if he should catch him . While I was watching the sport , and laughing at the drollery of it , all at once I heard a stamping on the other side of the wagon , and , stepping quickly around the horses ’ heads , I saw the old doe , and a buck and doe with her . Illustration As the fawn came bounding along the circle , the buck and does , bleating anxiously , darted in ahead of him , rushing right by the men and dog . Never stopping an instant , the big buck led the way , the does and fawn followed ; and , before you could say “ Jack Robinson , ” they were “ over the hills , and far away . ” This was the antelope that we almost caught . The boys came back to the wagons , thoroughly fagged out , and looking painfully silly . Again we drove along , but had not proceeded more than a mile or two , when up sprung another old doe , and ran toward Landy , stamping her fore-foot fiercely . Of course the foolish dog took after her as hard as he could go ,— just as she wanted him to do ; and a fine chase she led him , always taking care not to leave him so far behind as to discourage him , and make him turn back . We knew at once by her actions that she had a fawn near there ; and so , while she was leading Landy away from it , we set about hunting it up . In a few minutes , I came across the little slender-legged beauty , snugly curled up under a tuft of grass . As I came upon him , he dashed out of cover with a shrill , plaintive little “ baa-baa , baa-baa , ” and , as fawns always do in such cases , began running in a small circle . Landy , disgusted with his hopeless chase , came trotting back , and at once struck in after the fawn . This one was not so fleet as the other ; and by and by Landy overtook him , and tried to stop him by pushing him over with his nose . This frightened the fawn so badly , that he made direct for Tip , who was squatting in the long grass in wait for him , and rushed joyfully into his arms . We took the bright-eyed little thing into the wagon , and by night he was so tame , that he would follow us around ; and , when we lay down to sleep on the ground , I gave him a corner of my blanket for a bed . At last we got back to Thompson 's log-house , which stood near the timber ; and , when we went away we gave the fawn to his two little girls . I would really like to know what ever became of it . PERRY , O. LLOYD WYMAN . Illustration Illustration The Apple Tree . Up in the apple-tree See the rosy cheeks ; See the balls that look like gold ; See the crimson streaks . In the lovely autumn day , Bright as in the bloom of May , Filled with fruit , and fair to see , Is the apple-tree . Under the apple-tree See the rosy cheeks : Little Ginx , the baby , What is it he seeks ? Ah ! his tiny teeth are white , And are eager for a bite ,— Such a tempting store to see Is the apple-tree . Under the apple-tree , Other rosy cheeks ,— Edith , Mabel , Gold-Locks , Full of happy freaks . Here they run , and there they run , Shouting merrily , if one Fallen in the grass they see From the apple-tree . CLARA DOTY BATES . A COUNCIL OF HORSES . On the large plains of South America , horses run wild in great numbers . They are caught by means of a lasso , which is a rope with a noose at one end . This is thrown with great dexterity over the neck of the wild horse . The artist has called the picture which we here present “ A Council of Horses . ” Do they not look as if they were taking advice of one another ? The white horse , with his erect neck and head , seems to be the leader , or chief . He is willing to hear what the others may have to say ; but he means that they shall follow him , after all . And can horses really make known their wishes to one another ? It would almost seem so , though we cannot prove it . Wild horses choose their own chiefs , and these give the signal of departure . If any extraordinary object appears , the chief commands a halt . He goes to discover what it is , and , after his return , gives , by neighing , the signal of confidence , of flight , or of combat . Five sorts of neighing may be noticed : that of joyfulness , of desire , of anger , of fear , and of sorrow . A feeling peculiar to the horse is emulation . Whoever has witnessed a horse-race can understand the ardor , vehemence , and struggle for victory , which excite the energies of both horses and men . The animals have often tried to hold their rivals back by the teeth . This has been known to happen when the horses are left entirely to themselves , as on some of the Italian race-courses , where the horses run without riders . The horse has a strong memory . Franklin relates , that he had a horse that conducted him through a hilly country where it was difficult to find the road . Every time Franklin himself was unable to tell which road to take , he would leave the reins on the horse 's neck , and the good beast , left to itself , never failed to go right . Illustration The noblest conquest that man ever made over the animal creation is that of the horse . Every thing in him breathes out vivacity and energy . That need of continual movement , that impatience during repose , that nervous motion of the lips , that stamping of the feet , all indicate a pressing need of activity . UNCLE CHARLES . THE PET OF THE SHIP . PART III . One day when the ship was at anchor in one of the ports on the western coast of South America , a number of sheep were brought on board . Whether Dennis regarded them as intruders , or not , I cannot say ; but his treatment of them was anything but kind . Illustration The poor sheep stood in great fear of him , and fled in alarm whenever he made a charge at them . One by one they began to disappear ; and , at last , only one — a little fellow whom the sailors afterward named Billy — was left . He was greatly distressed when the last of his companions was taken away , and ran bleating about the deck in search of him . To add to his troubles , that dreadful bully Dennis , who had been watching him for some time , was now coming towards him . He was frightened nearly to death . What must have been his delight when he saw in Dennis 's eyes a look of pity , and heard his friendly grunt ! I do n't know what Dennis said ; but I do know , that , half an hour afterwards , Billy had forgotten all about his troubles , and was lying down with his head resting in Dennis 's fat neck . Even the rough sailors were pleased ; and as they looked at Dennis , who was fast asleep , they said , “ Now that was a fine thing , and Dennis was the pig to do it . He was willing to fight with a flock of sheep ; but , when it came to quarrelling with one little fellow , he was too noble for that . ” Illustration Thenceforth Dennis and Billy were inseparable , and no pair ever agreed better . There were times , however , when Dennis seemed a little vexed with Billy , though he was always as kind as possible . I will tell you of an instance . Billy would always watch the crowd about Dennis , when the latter was taking his bath , with a great deal of anxiety ; and , if Dennis did not appear very shortly , he would begin bleating loudly . This would disgust Dennis immensely ; but he could n't bear to think that Billy 's feelings were hurt : so he would leave his nice bath , and push his way through the men , until Billy could see him . Then he would return to the pump , grunting in a manner that plainly showed his feelings . He was certainly saying , “ I do wish that sheep had a little more of the pig about him . If I am out of his sight for a moment , he begins to cry , and take on in such a manner , that I must show myself to him ; and then I have all the trouble of making the sailors pump again . ” But the sailors only waited to make Dennis beg a little . They had no idea of not pumping again . They were always pleased when he showed so much good feeling for Billy ; and generally he got a larger allowance of water to pay for it . I believe that Dennis was not living when the ship reached California . That ever he became food for his sailor friends no one can imagine . Therefore his fate must remain a mystery , unless some of my readers happen to know one of the crew of “ The Vanderbilt , ” and can learn from him something on the subject . If they can , there are many , no doubt , who would be glad to hear from them in the pages of “ The Nursery . ” My little girls would , at least . But , probably , Dennis has more of a place in their thoughts than he can have in those of others . C. E. C . Illustration Illustration THE UNMOTHERLY HEN . Now , my dear children , if you will be very quiet , I will tell you a true story , which I sometimes tell my little daughter Fanny and her cousin Grace , when they climb up on my knees just before going to bed . On a farm near Fishkill , where Fanny 's Aunt Jane lives , they raise a great many chickens , turkeys , ducks , and geese . When I was a boy , ever so many years ago , I used to have great fun hunting for eggs through the hay and straw in the barns . Well , last year one of the hens , instead of laying her eggs in the hen-house or barn , like a well-mannered hen , stole off under a wood-pile , and was not seen for three weeks , when she made her appearance with a fine brood of chickens . To keep her from straying away again , she was put into a coop . For several days , she was a good mother to her children ; but , after a week or so , she began to act very strangely , and , when her children came near her , she would peck and abuse them . Would you believe it , children ? in one day , this unmotherly hen had pecked all but one of her chickens to death ; and , when Aunt Jane found this poor chap , he had but one eye , and all the toes were gone from one foot ; so that he had to stand on the other . At first , Aunt Jane thought it would be a mercy to kill the little fellow , and put him out of pain ; but she finally determined that she would try to cure him . So she took him into the kitchen , and made him quite comfortable in a box half filled with cotton-batting , and placed near the stove . She gave him cracked-corn to eat , and plenty of water to drink , and , after a while , he got so strong , that he hopped out of the box , and was just as jolly a chicken as he could be , with only one eye to see with , and only one foot and the stump of another to walk on . Still he would not go out and play with other chickens of his age , but persisted in hanging around the kitchen . One morning , when Aunt Jane went into the breakfast-room , she found him on the table , helping himself from a dish of stewed potatoes . Such impudence could no longer be tolerated : so the saucy little cripple was banished to the barnyard to learn manners . And what do you think became of the unmotherly hen ? She lost all her friends . She was despised and hated by everybody on the farm . She was pointed at as “ that cruel , speckled hen , ” until life became a burden to her . She was not permitted to have any more chickens . When the cold weather came , she was sent to a poor woman for a thanksgiving dinner ; and it is to be hoped that all the hens in the barnyard took warning from her fate . C. R. W . LANSINGBURGH . N. Y . Outline Drawing by MR. HARRISON WEIR , as a drawing lesson . THE CHILDREN 'S VISIT TO THE LIGHTHOUSE . Charlie and Georgie were staying at Appledore , one of the Isles of Shoals , and , with two other little children , had many nice times fishing and sailing . The lighthouse is on White Island , which , as you see in the picture , is a lonely and rocky place . It would be very dangerous for any ship to come in from sea on that part of the coast , if it were not for the friendly warning of the brilliant light . One warm , sunny morning , Charlie and Georgie , with their papa and mamma , and their two little friends , rowed across from Appledore , and landed on the pebbly beach of White Island . Here the children ran about , and picked up stones until they were tired ; and then the whole party seated themselves on some shaded rocks , and ate their lunch of crackers and bananas . While they were eating , an old white dog , belonging to the lighthouse keeper , came up and made their acquaintance . Georgie shared his cake with him ; and it was amusing to see the old dog watching with eager eyes every piece that went into any mouth but his own . When lunch was over , the two older children , Charlie and Anna , led the way ; and all were soon climbing the winding stairs in the lighthouse tower . When they reached the top , they found themselves in a small room with windows on every side , and the great lamp in the centre . The lantern is made of red-and-white glass , and turns around , so that first a red , and then a white , light may be seen far out at sea . The keeper explained how , after lighting the lamp , he wound up the machinery which caused the lamp to revolve ; and told them of the lonely hours he had spent in the little room below the lamp , while the waves dashed , and the storm beat outside . Illustration For many weeks in the winter he lives there all by himself , and sees no one ; but , in the summer time , there is hardly a day when he does not have a boat full of visitors . He always gives them a hearty welcome , and makes himself very agreeable . I suppose he feels as though he must make the most of society while he can get it . The children listened to his talk with great interest . With many thanks for his kind attentions , they bade him “ Good-by , ” and , intent on collecting shells on another island near , stepped into their boat , and were rowed away , leaving the man and his friendly dog to enjoy each other 's company . CHARLIE 'S MAMMA . GOING AFTER COWS . When Edward was eight years old , his mother told him he might go with John , the hired man , to drive the cows from the pasture . How happy the little boy was ! Every day he would be ready as soon as John gave the word ; and off they would go , through the woods , over hills and rocks , and gurgling brooks , wherever the ding-dong of the distant cow-bells pointed the way . Sometimes they had a long search before they could find all the cows ; for the pasture was very large , and the cows would wander about in every part of it , to find the best feeding-places . Illustration On the way home , Edward would run ahead of the cows , and open the bars ; and sometimes he would sit on the wall , and pat each cow as she came through . When the cows reached the barnyard , Edward would help milk . There was one old cow which he called his own , and which he named Carrie . She always stood very still while being milked , and that was one reason why he liked her better than any of the rest . After milking , he helped John to carry in the milk , and his mother often gave him a mug full . Oh , how nice it was ! W. T. O . Illustration ROLY-POLY . Roly-Poly is three years old , Three years old , and a trifle over : Roly-Poly is round as a ball , Jolly as larks , and sweet as clover . Roly-Poly has stars for eyes , A heavenly chin with a dimple in it , Peaches for cheeks , the bud of a nose , And a tongue that is never still a minute . Roly-Poly gets up in the morning ,— Morning , quoth I ? it 's the crack of the dawn !— Dresses himself in a boot and a stocking , Flies to his sister as swift as a fawn . Pulls at her eyes with his fat little fingers ,— Crazy for stories , that 's all the matter !— “ Oh ! I am sleepy and cross , ” she cries ; “ You , Roly-Poly , disperse and scatter ! ” But Roly-Poly 's a resolute tyrant ; Father and mother are captives wholly : So what can a poor big sister do But yield to a king like Roly-Poly . Roly-Poly 's a man of business : He canters to market on grandpa 's cane , Orders a breakfast of peppermint-candy , And gallops his pony home again . Roly-Poly 's a man of pleasure : Sorrow and care are for grown-up stupids : Pictures and kisses , toys and caresses , Fondling and fun , for dimpled Cupids . After the sun has gone out of the south , The night comes down on his eyelids slowly ; He topples asleep with his thumb in his mouth ,— What an iniquity , Roly-Poly ! OLIVE A. WADSWORTH . ELSIE 'S DUCKS . Elsie was the daughter of poor parents , who lived on the borders of a lake . Once , when she was very ill with a fever , a good neighbor made her a present of three young ducks . Elsie was much pleased , and she soon began to get well . Her mother would bring a large tub of water into the room where the little invalid lay ; and the three ducks would swim about , and swallow the crumbs which Elsie threw to them . As soon as she got well , she would drive the ducks down to the lake , and let them swim . They were so tame , that they would come out of the water at her call . Sometimes her father and the rest of the family would get into a boat , and he would row across the lake to the opposite side , where some families lived who employed Elsie 's mother to wash clothes for them . Illustration At these times , the three ducks would follow the boat . Perhaps they did not like to trust their dear Elsie on the water , unless they were by to help her in case of need . Sometimes old and young would join in a song ; and then far over the lake would be heard the words : “ Come to the sunset tree , the day is past and gone , The woodman 's axe lies free , and the reaper 's task is done . ” It was a very pretty sight , on a summer evening , when the bright clouds over the setting sun threw their tints on the water , to see the ducks swimming by the side of the little boat which contained Elsie and the rest of the family . It was so pretty a sight , that a good artist made a picture of the scene . We give you a copy of it here . IDA FAY . Illustration FISHING FOR TROUT . The trout belongs to the salmon family . Its flesh is generally of a pale pink or yellow color . It is one of the handsomest fish to be found in our waters . The variations of its tints are very beautiful ; and the red spots on its skin distinguish it from common fish . I never had much luck in catching trout . One summer I went from the city to try the trout-streams in Northern New York . I had a handsome rod , and a line nicely baited with an artificial fly ; but , though I was very persevering , my success was small . I remember sitting for hours on the slender bridge just below the Upper Cascades of Buttermilk Fall , represented in the picture ; but my patience was not rewarded by the capture of a single trout . I was sorry for this ; for I had depended on getting one for my dinner . As I was about retiring , a little barefoot fellow , about twelve years old , came along with a common fishing-pole , and hook baited with a worm , and said , “ Mister , I 'll catch a trout for you . ” — “ Do it , then , ” said I . He threw his line over a smooth spot in the pool below ; and , before he had been at it five minutes , he pulled up a noble trout , large enough for a good dinner . Another and another were pulled up in quick succession . I did not know what to make of it ; for I thought I had fished in a very scientific way . “ Teach me the knack , ” said I . “ Oh , it can n't be taught , ” replied the boy . “ Well , here is a dime for your trouble , ” said I , putting the fish into my pail . “ Do you suppose I take pay for what I do for sport , mister ? ” said little barefoot , waving back my hand with the air of a prince . After that we became good friends , and met often at the bridge ; but I never could learn his knack of catching trout . ALFRED SELWYN . Illustration Illustration WE THREE . What fine times we have together !— Carlo , John , and Bella ; by which last I mean myself . Carlo has the advantage of the other two of us sometimes ; for he has four legs , and can run faster than either John or I . But then we can do a great many things that Carlo cannot do . For example , John and I sometimes take our books , and sit down on the rocks in the wood , under the thick trees , and read stories . And then Carlo will lie down at our feet , and go to sleep ; for he cannot understand the nice stories which the other two friends enjoy so much . But wait till we go into the swamps after berries , or into the wood-borders after hazel-nuts . Then Carlo is wide awake , you may be sure . If he sees a snake , what a noise he makes ! We can always tell by the tone of his bark when he has found a snake . And , when John climbs a tree after nuts , how anxiously Carlo will stand underneath and watch him , so afraid is he that the little boy will get a fall ! And how the good dog will jump and show his pleasure when he sees John once more safe on the firm ground ! Oh ! we have fine times together , we three , both in summer and winter ; for Carlo likes to see us skate on ice , and is fond of a snowballing frolic . In all our sleigh-rides he goes with us , and takes great care of us . We are dear friends , we three , and I should no more think of striking Carlo than of striking John . BELLA . PET , THE CANARY . A little girl by the name of Agnes , who lives in Maine , and who much enjoys “ The Nursery , ” has a beautiful , bright canary , which her papa brought her one day in a paper-box . Agnes named him Pet . The little fellow has become so tame , that he is allowed to stay out of his cage as long as he wishes , always going to it of his own accord when bedtime comes . One day I found no pins on my pin-cushion ; and , seeing them scattered around on the bureau , I wondered who could have done the mischief . I soon found , by watching , that it was Pet 's work . Every day he took his stand on the pin-cushion , in front of the glass , to pull out all the pins . I saw him once work a long time trying to stick one back by tipping his head , first one side and then the other , holding the pin tightly in his bill ; but he soon gave it up . Little Fannie , Agnes 's two-year-old sister , often shares her lunch with him ; he sitting on the edge of the saucer , and helping himself while she is eating . As I write , he is sitting on the tassel of the shade , looking out of the window . Some day I 'll tell you more of Pet 's pranks . MAMMA . Illustration THE CAT SHOW . It was at the Crystal Palace , in Sydenham , England . I wish all the readers of “ The Nursery ” could have seen it . There were over three hundred cats in cages . Each one had a nice red cushion in the front-part of the cage , and in the back part a dish of water or milk . Each one had a ribbon around the neck , to which was attached a medal with the number of the cage . The ribbons were of all colors . The cats that had taken the first prize were known by a little blue flag suspended over the front of the cage , and were the largest cats . Very many of them were lazily sleeping on their cushions , as happy as if they were in their own homes . They took little notice of the people who were looking at them ; and , as a placard on each cage ordered spectators to “ move on , ” no one could spend much time in trying to attract their attention . I can hardly tell you about all the cats , there were so many ,— some all white , some all black , and some all yellow ; black-and-yellow , black-and-white , black-and-gray , gray-and-white , black-and-yellow-and-white ; cats with long hair , and cats with short ; cats with tails , and cats without . One large Russian cat , called the “ Czar , ” was brown , with smooth , short , shining fur , which looked like seal-skin . Then there were kittens of all sizes and colors . In one cage was a black mother-puss , with four perfectly white kittens , their eyes not yet open . Another black mother had two kittens ,— one black , and one gray . A black-and-yellow puss had one black , and one yellow kitten . In some of the cages were two or three large kittens having a good time together . Some of them had balls to play with ; some were climbing on the sides of the cage or frolicking with one another ; and others were running around after their tails , in real kitten fashion . Just before five o'clock , the baskets in which the cats were brought were placed on the tops of the cages . Some of the cats reached up and tried to get hold of them . They all seemed to know that the show was over , and that they would soon be able to run and jump about , with plenty of air and space . I must not forget to tell you how quiet all these cats were . Not one “ Me-ow ” was to be heard . When , out of sight of the cages , one would never have known there was a cat in the building . SALLIE 'S MAMMA . sheet music GOING THROUGH THE CORN . Music by T. Crampton . 1 . Right and left upstanding , See on either side , Blooming corn expanding , Rippling like the tide . With breath of Eden scented , On the breezes borne ,... All in love presented , Going through the corn . 2 . Bath 'd in light etherial , Ripening in the sun , Royal corn imperial , Bread for every one . ‘ Tis God 's own gift descending , For the poor and lorn ,... See the full ears bending , Going through the corn . 3 . Thrush and blackbird singing In the coppice near , All the blue sky ringing With their notes so clear ! The twitt'ring swallows skimming , Through the air of morn ,... Happy all , all hymning , Going through the corn . Colgate & Co. New York VIOLET TOILET WATER . CASHMERE BOUQUET EXTRACT . CASHMERE BOUQUET Toilet Soap . Price , Twenty-Five Cents . == NEWSPAPER ADVERTISING == NINETY-EIGHTH EDITION . Containing a complete list of all the towns in the United States , the Territories , and the Dominion of Canada , having a population greater than 5 , 000 according to the last census , together with the names of the newspapers having the largest local circulation in each of the places named . Also , a catalogue of newspapers which are recommended to advertisers as giving greatest value in proportion to prices charged . Also , all newspapers in the United States and Canada printing over 5 , 000 copies each issue . Also , all the Religious , Agricultural Scientific and Mechanical , Medical , Masonic , Juvenile , Educational , Commercial , Insurance , Real Estate , Law , Sporting , Musical , Fashion , and other special class journals ; very complete lists . Together with a complete list of over 300 German papers printed in the United States . Also , an essay upon advertising ; many tables of rates , showing the cost of advertising in various newspapers , and everything which a beginner in advertising would like to know . Address == GEO . P. ROWELL & CO ., 41 Park Row , New York .== == IN PRESS . THE Nursery Primer == By which children can teach themselves to read , with but little help from parent or teacher . SUPERBLY AND APTLY ILLUSTRATED . The must beautiful Primer in the market . Containing upwards of a hundred fine pictures . == 96 Pages == of the size of The Nursery . The word-system of teaching explained and applied . == JOHN L. SHOREY , 36 Bromfield Street , Boston .== == AGENTS WANTED .== Men or women . $ 34 a week . Proof furnished . Business pleasant and honorable with no risks . A 16 page circular and Valuable Samples free . A postal-card on which to send your address costs but one cent Write at once to F. M . REED , 8TH ST ., NEW YORK . == Choicest Books for Children .== THE BEAUTIFUL BOOK . This is a collection of some of the best poems that have appeared in “ The Nursery . ” It is a volume of 128 pages , richly bound in cloth , with one or more Pictures on every page . It is specially attractive as a Gift-Book for the holidays . == Price ....... 75 Cents .== == THE EASY BOOK .== This is a book of 128 pages , prepared expressly for children just learning to read . It is in large Old English type , with a profusion of pictures and delightful object-lessons , and is made so fascinating that a child learns to read from it with little or no aid . == Elegantly bound in full cloth ... 75 Cents. " " " half cloth ... 50 " == *** The above books will be sent , postpaid , on receipt of price , by the Publisher , == JOHN L. SHOREY , 36 Bromfield Street , Boston , Mass .== == VOLCANIC MEDICINES == Which convulse the system by their violent cathartic action , must not be taken for constipation . The mild , soothing and painless operation of == Tarrant 's Seltzer Aperient == is exactly what is required , and will speedily cure the most chronic cases . == Sold by all Druggists .== $ 57. 60 AGENTS ’ PROFITS PER WEEK . Will prove it or forfeit $ 500 . New article just patented . Samples sent free to all . Address W. H . CHIDESTER , 267 Broadway , N. York . == WANTED == Agents for the best-selling Prize Package is the world . It contains 15 sheets paper , 15 envelopes , golden Pen , Pen Holder , Pencil , patent Yard Measure , and a piece of Jewelry Single package with elegant prize , post pdd , 25c . Circular free . BRIDE & CO ., 769 Broadway . N. Y . == CONSTANTINE 'S PINE TAR SOAP == FOR TOILET , BATH & NURSERY , CURES SKIN AND SCALP DISEASES RESTORES HAIR AND PREVENTS BALDNESS SOLD BY GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS . == LADIES == can make $ 5 a day in their own city or town . Address Ellis M'F ' G Co. Waltham , Mass . == AGENTS WANTED == FOR DR. MARCH 'S GREAT WORK == NIGHT-SCENES IN THE BIBLE .== And a magnificent New Book just from the press . Address J. C. MCCURDY & CO ., Philadelphia , Pa . == DIME == Arabian Nights EVERY BOY should send for a copy . Wonderful Stories — cheap , postpaid for 10 c . HOWARD CHALLEN , Publisher , Phila . == SEEDS AND BULBS .== ILLUSTRATED SPRING CATALOGUE FOR 1875 . NOW READY . Sent , with a specimen copy of THE AMERICAN GARDEN , a new Illustrated Journal of Garden Art , edited by James Hogg , on receipt of ten cents . == BEACH , SON & CO ., Seedsmen ,== 76 Fulton St ., Brooklyn , N. Y . ==$ 5 to $ 20 == per day Agents wanted . All classes of working people of both sexes , young and old , make more money at work for us in their own localities , during their spare moments , or all the time , than at anything else . We offer employment that will pay handsomely for every hour 's work . Full particulars , terms , & c ., sent free . Send us your address at once . Do n't delay . Now is the time . Do n't look for work or business elsewhere , until you have learned what we offer . G. STINSON & Co ., Portland , Maine . BULBS FOR FALL PLANTING FLOWERS FOR THE HOUSE == THE AUTUMN NUMBER OF VICK 'S FLORAL GUIDE .== containing descriptions of Hyacinths , Tulips , Lilies , and all Bulbs and Seeds for Fall Planting in the Garden , and for Winter Flowers in the house — just published and sent free to all . Address JAMES VICK , Rochester , N. Y . CENTENNIAL PRINTING PRESS Illustration The neatest , simplest , cheapest bed and platen press ever made , screw chase , adjustable guage , with ink table and roller , warranted to do good work , and sold for TWO Dollars ! By mail . $ 2. 95 . A miniature printing office — press , cabinet , cases , two fonts of type , ink , leads , & c ., for $ 5. 00 ! By mail , $ 7. 25 ! Circular free . Agents wanted . JOSEPH WATSON , 73 Cornhill , Boston ; 53 Murray St ., New York . == LADIES ==, you can have a clear complexion by using == HARRISON 'S PARIAN WHITE == face-powder . It is very beautifying in effect , can be used without detection , and does not rub off . Ask your druggist for it , or send 3-cent stamp for trial sample . Address HARRISON M'F ' G Co. 13 No . Ninth Street , Philadelphia , Pa . BOUND VOLUMES OF == The Nursery == Will be sent , postpaid , by the publisher at the following prices :— == Half-Yearly Volumes , $ 1. 00 Yearly Volumes , 1. 75 == The magazine was begun in 1867 . The Nursery . TERMS — 1875 . SUBSCRIPTIONS ,—$ 1. 60 a year , in advance . Three copies for 4. 30 a year ; four for $ 5. 40 ; five for $ 6. 50 ; six for $ 7. 60 : seven for $ 8. 70 ; eight for $ 9. 80 , nine for $ 10. 90 ; each additional copy for $ 1. 20 ; twenty copies for $ 22. 00 , always in advance . POSTAGE is included in the above rates . All magazines are sent postpaid . A SINGLE NUMBER will be mailed for 15 cents . One sample number will mailed for 10 cents . VOLUMES begin with January and July . Subscriptions may commence with any month , but , unless the time is specified , will date from the beginning of the current volume . BACK NUMBERS can always be supplied . The Magazine commenced January , 1867 . BOUND VOLUMES , each containing the numbers for six months , will be sent by mail , postpaid , for $ 1. 00 per volume ; yearly volumes for $ 1. 75 . COVERS , for half-yearly volume , postpaid , 35 cents ; covers for yearly volume , 40 cents . PRICES OF BINDING .— In the regular half-yearly volume , 40 cents ; in one yearly volume ( 12 Nos . in one ) , 50 cents . If the volumes are to be returned by mail , add 14 cents for the half-yearly , and 22 cents for the yearly volume , to pay postage . REMITTANCES may be made at our risk , if made by check , or money-order . IN CLUB WITH OTHER PERIODICALS . ( ALL POSTPAID .) Scribner 's Monthly $ 4. 00 , and The Nursery , $ 4. 75 Harper 's Monthly 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Harper 's Weekly 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Harper 's Bazar 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Atlantic Monthly 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Galaxy 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Old and New 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Lippincott 's Magazine 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4 , 75 Appleton 's Journal 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Living Age 8. 00 , and The Nursery , 9. 00 Phrenological Journal 3. 10 , and The Nursery , 4. 00 The Science of Health 2. 00 , and The Nursery , 3. 10 The Sanitarian 3. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 00 St. Nicholas 3. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 00 The Household 1. 00 , and The Nursery , 2. 20 Mother 's Journal 2. 00 , and The Nursery , 3. 25 Demorest 's Monthly 3. 10 , and The Nursery , 4. 25 Amer . Agriculturist 1. 50 , and The Nursery , 2. 70 Leslie 's Illustrated 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Optic 's Magazine 3. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 25 Lady 's Journal 4. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 75 Godey 's Lady 's Book 3. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 00 Hearth and Home 3. 00 , and The Nursery , 4. 00 Young People 's Mag . 1. 50 , and The Nursery , 2. 70 The Horticulturist 2. 10 , and The Nursery , 3. 20 Ladies Floral Cabinet 1. 30 , and The Nursery , 2. 60 N. B .— When any of these Magazines is desired in club with “ The Nursery ” at the above rates , both Magazines must be subscribed for at the same time : but they need not be to the same address . We furnish our own Magazine , and agree to pay the subscription for the other . Beyond this we take no responsibility . The publisher of each Magazine is responsible for its prompt delivery ; and complaints must be addressed accordingly . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS . The number of the Magazine with which your subscription expires is indicated by the number annexed to the address on the printed label . When no such number appears , it will be understood that the subscription ends with the current year . == No notice of discontinuance need be given , as the Magazine is never sent after the term of subscription expires .== Subscribers will oblige us by sending their renewals promptly . State always that your payment is for a renewal , when such is the fact . In changing the direction , the old as well as the new address should be given . The sending of “ The Nursery ” will be regarded as a sufficient receipt . [ Hand —>] Any one not receiving it will please notify us immediately , giving date of remittance . ADDRESS JOHN L. SHOREY , 36 Bromfield St ., Boston , Mass . THE NURSERY . PREMIUM-LIST for 1875 . For three new subscribers , at $ 1. 60 each , we will give any one of the following articles : a heavily-plated gold pencil-case , a rubber pencil-case with gold tips , silver fruit-knife , a pen-knife , a beautiful wallet , any book worth $ 1. 50 . For five , at $ 1. 60 each , any one of the following : globe microscope , silver fruit-knife , silver napkin-ring , book or books worth $ 2. 50 . For six , at $ 1. 60 each , we will give any one of the following : a silver fruit-knife ( marked ) , silver napkin-ring , pen-knives , scissors , backgammon-board , note-paper and envelopes stamped with initials , books worth $ 3. 00 . For ten , at $ 1. 60 each , select any one of the following ; morocco travelling-bag , stereoscope with six views , silver napkin-ring , compound microscope , lady 's work-box , sheet-music or books worth $ 5. 00 . For twenty , at $ 1. 60 each , select any one of the following : a fine croquet-set , a powerful opera-glass , a toilet case , Webster 's Dictionary ( unabridged ) , sheet-music or books worth $ 10 , 00 . *** == Any other articles equally easy to transport may be selected as premiums , their value being in proportion to the number of subscribers sent . Thus , we will give for three new subscribers , at $ 1. 60 each , a premium worth $ 1. 50 ; for four , a premium worth $ 2. 00 ; for five , a premium worth $ 2. 50 ; and so on .== BOOKS for premiums may be selected from any publisher 's catalogue ; and we can always supply them at catalogue prices . Under this offer , subscriptions to any periodical or newspaper are included . SPECIAL OFFERS . BOOKS .— For two new subscribers , at $ 1. 60 each , we will give any half-yearly volume of THE NURSERY ; for three any yearly volume ; for two , OXFORD 'S JUNIOR SPEAKER ; for two , THE EASY BOOK ; for two , THE BEAUTIFUL BOOK ; for three , OXFORD 'S SENIOR SPEAKER ; for three , SARGENT 'S ORIGINAL DIALOGUES ; for three , an elegant edition of SHAKSPEARE , complete in one volume , full cloth , extra gilt , and gilt-edged ; or any one of the standard BRITISH POETS , in the same style . GLOBES .— For two new subscribers , we will give a beautiful GLOBE three inches in diameter ; for three , a GLOBE four inches in diameter ; for five , a GLOBE six inches in diameter . PRANG 'S CHROMOS will be given as premiums at the publisher 's prices . Send stamp for a catalogue . GAMES , & c .— For two new subscribers , we will give any one of the following : The Checkered Game of Life , Alphabet and Building Blocks , Dissected Maps , & c ., & c. For three new subscribers , any one of the following : Japanese Backgammon or Kakeba , Alphabet and Building Blocks ( extra ) . Croquet , Chivalrie , Ring Quoits , and any other of the popular games of the day may be obtained on the most favorable terms , by working for THE NURSERY . Send stamp to us for descriptive circulars . MARSHALL 'S ENGRAVED PORTRAITS OF LINCOLN AND GRANT . Either of these large and superbly executed steel engravings will be sent , postpaid , as a premium for three new subscribers at $ 1. 60 each . [ Hand —>] Do not wait to make up the whole list before sending . Send the subscriptions as you get them , stating that they are to go to your credit for a premium ; and , when your list is completed , select your premium , and it will be forthcoming . [ Hand —>] Take notice that our offers of premiums apply only to subscriptions paid at the full price : viz ., $ 1. 60 a year . We do not offer premiums for subscriptions supplied at club-rates . We offer no premiums for one subscription only . We offer no premiums in money . Address , JOHN L SHOREY , 36 Bromfield St ., Boston .