56 The House of the Missing I don't believe I do like it here. I'm glad you came." A moment later the curtains parted and the others rejoined them. There was nothing to be learned from their host's expression, for his face was a beautiful blank. But Clayton thought Mrs. Faw- cette bore traces of either temper or fear, and possibly both. But that was all that happened. They had tea--and it was wonderful tea. But it was just tea and nothing more, of that he was certain. The conversation was general and interesting enough, and if Natalie was disappointed she naturally could not show it. Clayton laid himself out to be both sympathetic and entertaining to the Rus- sian. The moment came when he felt justified in asking him to lunch the fol- lowing day. Ivanovitch accepted read- ily enough. If there was anything to be learned from him, Clayton was de- termined to make an attempt to learn it. And he believed that Natalie's first state- ment about the tea was correct. She was exceedingly healthy and not given to violent moods. Afterward, Mrs. Fawcette had to hurry home to dress for a dinner engage- ment and Clayton took Natalie back to her aunt's house. When their taxi pulled up in front of the house it was nearly dinner-time and both had engagements. But Clayton de- tained the girl for a moment longer. "Listen, Natalie! Will you do me a very big favor?" he asked her as they mounted her aunt's steps. She threw him a smiling glance of in- quiry. "It is a big favor," he warned her. "And this is it: Will you promise to tell me before you go there again for any more of that wonderful tea?" Natalie looked at him in wonder. "How funny you are today," she said at last. "Don't you like Mrs. Fawcette or Ivanovitch?" "Not very much, I confess. But I like the idea of that drugged tea even less, Natalie. Promise, please!" She shrugged her shoulders. "I've got to go and dress, you importunate man," she laughed. "So--I'll promise. Though I haven't the slightest idea why I should." At all events, Clayton went down her aunt's front steps, treading on something much less substantial. CHAPTER IX The Amateur Burglar After seeing Natalie home from the tea at the Russian's, Clayton had gone to a dinner and theater party, and had not reached his own flat until the small hours. Nevertheless, he found Larry waiting up for him, with the news that Moore wanted to speak to him the moment he came in. Moore answered at once, when Clay- ton rang him. "Listen, old fellow," he said. "There's some really big news for you. I have had another talk with Vining. I took him out to dinner last night and gave him a really good time and I think he has thawed out at last. At any rate, he admitted that he could take me to a wonderful party if he wanted to. "I had told him," Moore went on, "that my one object in life was a new and unique sensation, and of course when he admitted that he could give me one, I devilled the life out of him to do it. Well, Clayton, he finally con- sented!" "Great stuff!" "I wanted to go tomorrow night, but he couldn't manage that. He's going out of town tomorrow. However, he prom- ised to take me the night after. That's Friday night. But I am to be blind- folded, to travel in a closed car, and to 