The House of the Missing 53 came into contact left her comprehend- ing, at least in part, and yet quite un- touched in her own sweet, calm and slightly shy personality. To Clayton, during those days, she was like a breath of sea air in a crowded department-store, or a bunch of roses on a tramp steamer. Before many days had passed, she filled most of his waking thoughts and many of his dreams. They saw a great deal of each other and had many happy days together, days so happy--at least to Clayton--that he could never think of them without a catch in the throat and a tightening of the hands, in view of what came after. For, as their friendship ripened, he grew to realize that her mind and spirit were as sweet and lovely and gracious as her person. Moore accomplished little more than Clayton did during those three weeks. The young fellow from whom he had obtained his first hint of a circle of drug- takers de luxe had in truth disappeared. Being a wealthy young man of consid- erable social position, his disappearance became a nine-days' wonder. But for all that, no trace of him was found. Moore and Clayton decided that their first surmise--his lack of reticence that night--had been the cause of his disap- pearance. Moore did, however, get in touch with young Dr. Vining, who had overheard that conversation, and after a while suc- ceeded in making his acquaintance. Vining apparently took to him at once, and when Moore carelessly mentioned the fact that he had independent means, Vining contrived to see a good deal of him, aided and abetted by Moore him- self. Once or twice, Moore vaguely skirted the subject of his conversation with the young fellow who had disappeared, but Vining displayed a bland ignorance of any such conversation or of any place where such a party as the young man had described could be found. However, Moore did not despair, but continued to cultivate the friendship, in his effeminate and lackadaisical way, until presently Vining knew all about his passion for new and outlandish sen- sations. But events were shaping themselves for both Clayton and Moore during those weeks. The end of their period of inactivity came suddenly, and at the same time to both. A few days before Natalie planned to leave New York, Mrs. Furneau ar- ranged a little luncheon to which Clayton was invited. Among others, the luncheon included Mrs. Fawcette. Clayton spent a trying two hours. He had fallen almost unconsciously into the habit of being very much himself when Natalie and he were alone together, and his change of manner, when talking to Mrs. Fawcette and to Mrs. Furneau, must have been striking. He caught Natalie looking at him once or twice in a puzzled way, during the luncheon, but so far as the quest was concerned it would have been more costly to strike a false or inconsistent note in the ears of the older women than in the ears of Natalie. So Clayton was forced to carry on a miserably cynical, disillusioned and world-weary conversation with his hostess and Mrs. Fawcette, sick at heart all the time at the half-concealed sur- prise in Natalie's eyes. It was a little better after luncheon, however. He contrived with some dif- ficulty to have a word or two with Na- talie away from the others. They had always been frank with each other and this conversation was no exception, al- though she was just a little cool at first. "I'm--I'm very, very sorry that you are going away," he said to her. "Are you? I should not imagine that anything would have the power to make 