No Place for Husbands 9 industry at first hand. His conscience was quite alabaster as he hired a ma- chine at two o'clock and bade the chauf- feur to drive to the Hal Harris studio. A swift run over a hard, dusty road, and John was walking under a high wooden arch onto the Harris "lot." He entered the door marked "Office" in a low, single-storied building. Near the door a shirt-sleeved young man with a cold cigarette stuck between his lips was clacking a typewriter. He looked at Harlan--looked again--and stood up respectfully. "How do you do, Mr. Harlan." He smiled his best, though evidently won- dering what the blazes the banker was doing there. John was taken rather by surprise. "How did you know me?" he asked, rather pleased. "I guess any wide-awake newspaper reporter would recognize John Harlan by sight--and I used to be a reporter before I went into publicity work. Were you looking for anyone in par- ticular. Mr. Harlan?" John hesitated. He felt a little em- barrassed--much as he had when a callow Lawrenceville boy, he dropped back-stage for his first chorus girl. There was no need, he thought, of tell- ing this press agent all his business. Perhaps Peggy wasn't around. "I thought I'd like to see some movie- making from the inside," he explained. "This studio was the handiest." The press agent scented publicity possibilities. "We're shooting some ‘interiors' out on the studio floor," he suggested. "I'd be glad to show you around." John nodded, and the p. a. led the way through a pine door at the back of the room. The studio interior was a broad ex- panse of wooden floor, bare except for one "set" in a far corner. Things seemed to be quite lively over there. Electricians were jerking around banks of Klieg lights mounted on wheels. A girl in the smeary yellow make-up of the movies and wearing a daringly cut pink bathing-suit passed and smiled at John. The press agent asked his visitor to wait a moment in the middle of the floor. John didn't mind; he was boy- ishly interested, though a line of Kliegs barricaded the "set" off from the rest of the studio. The publicity man came up briskly with a tall, stoop-shouldered man in puttees. He was swarthy and had a mustache like that of the villain in a Bill Hart shootin' film. "Mr. Harlan, this is Mr. Siegel, our director and Western manager for Hal Harris Productions," introduced the p. a. "Honored to think a big man like you would visit our little studio," drawled Siegel bootlickingly, regarding John with a jaundiced and rather shifty eye. "Like to watch us work a little?" They escorted their visitor across the studio floor and through the Klieg stockade. The "set," which was built to represent the lobby of a summer hotel, was bathed in a strong white light. John walked over a soft carpet. A cushioned divan occupied the center of the lobby, and there were soft cushions on the carpet around it. Draped at ease upon the cushions was a group of pretty girls clad uni- formly in rather startling pink single- piece bathing-suits. They eyed the visitor with mild curiosity. Suddenly one of the girls sprang up from a cushion and hurried over to John. He recognized the lithe form of Peggy. "Oh, you decided to come after all. Jack," she approved. "That's fine-- you always were a game sport." Siegel frowned, and the p. a. opened understanding eyes. Peggy calmly ap- propriated Harlan, ignoring them both, 