64 She Who Hesitates- "--and catch old Anton, if you can." And with a flirt of laughter, half malicious, half good-humored, she was gone, leaving Nita staring after her with dizzy blue eyes. II The following morning, the sun, in- quisitive old bounder, stuck his nose between the carelessly drawn curtains of a certain apartment, and leered at the extravagant beauty before him. He dwelt with hot appreciation on Cherrie's full, scarlet lips, and then he caught a handful of Nita's fair hair and fingered its gold covetously. The girls stirred restlessly. Cherrie gave a little sigh and swung a petulant arm across her eyes. But Nita awoke quietly and stared at the ugly bunches of purple grapes that grew on ugly yellow branches upon the ceiling and saw neither purple grapes nor yellow branches. After a while, she raised her left hand that had hung limply over the side of her narrow white bed, and transferred her gaze to an affair of sapphires and diamonds and platinum lace-work, that adorned the third finger of her left hand. Holding it in the sun, she turned it from side to side, watching it twinkle and sparkle and wink, with the identical curiosity of a very small girl with a bit of broken glass. A sudden gasp from the neighboring twin bed caused her to bury the hand abruptly beneath the covers, but Cherrie was not to be fooled. "Nita Gilmore, you stick your guilty paw right over here, pronto! I wanta see! Golly! But the diamond blinds my blinkers. You oughta wear a veil over it, or something." She sat up in bed, hugging her dimpled knees with her dimpled arms and staring frankly at her friend. "No need to ask who's the unfortu- nate fiance! Anton, of course!" Nita nodded briefly. "He's going to marry you?" asked Cherrie, with a touch of incredulity. "He asked me to marry him." "H-hum! Well, they say people get what they expect in this world. Men- tal suggestion, they call it. . . . How much is Anton worth?" "A couple of million." "Huh! How much do you weigh, Nita?" "One hundred and fifteen. Why?" "U-um! About eighteen thousand simoleons a pound. That's a good bar- gain, Nita." Nita sat upright now, her face whiter than ever, and the pulse in her throat that always betrayed her every emotion, throbbing madly. Under her accusing stare, Cherrie continued: "You and I saw a play once at the Grand--about some old bird that gave so many berries for so many lumps o' lard. Shylock, that's the egg's monni- ker. Well, that's what you're doin'. Tradin' your silk skin and honey hair to old Anton." Nita laughed shortly. "I didn't know your morals permitted you to qualify as censor." "They don't! But you're diff'rent from the rest of us, Nita, as chalk from cheese. You're a lamb among goats-- scapegoats. Honest, maybe you think I'm nutty, but it's like putting a rose into a filthy claw." Nita's usual sweet serenity was dis- tinctly ruffled. She frowned as she again relaxed into her pillow. The sun had gone as quickly as it had come, and the glory of her diamond was dimmed. "What do you know of Cutler An- ton?" "What do I know of any grav-haired goat that capers around with chorus girls! Well, he's a reg'lar pullet thief. And four or five of his ex-wives have shaken the shackles for various assorted reasons." 