60 The House of the Missing especially if there were anything there for him to conceal. There was a light in the entrance hall, but everything was quiet. The two men passed through it and up the first flight of stairs. Clayton's heart was in his mouth. However, the stairs creaked hardly at all and they reached the dark hall one flight up, with very little noise. Larry had called with a parcel for an imaginary tenant, earlier in the evening, and had not only marked in his memory the stairs that creaked, but had also as- certained that Vining's door would be comparatively simple to open. As it lessened the chance of people coming in and catching them, they mounted the second flight at once. They were in pitch darkness, and the necessity for speed coupled with the need for making absolutely no sound had keyed up Clayton, the amateur burglar, to a pretty high pitch. They were half-way up the second flight, on their hands and knees fortu- nately, and just maneuvering a creaky step, when a door opened in the hall below, letting out a flood of light. Fortunately, it came from a chandelier high up in the room beyond and did not reach the spot where they stood. But it was nervous work, standing, or rather crouching, with one knee in the air, while the woman put out her light, locked the door and proceeded down the stairs to the front entry. A moment later they stood in pitch darkness in front of Vining's door and donned their masks. Clayton waited while Larry stooped down. He heard a little scraping sound, a chink as of metal striking metal, and then a sharp crack, that sounded as loud as a big gun in the silent hall. They stood still for a moment, but nothing happened. "There you are, sor," came Larry's cheerful whisper. "You go ahead and I'll foller and hide." So, with a little electric torch in one one hand and the other held out blindly before him, Clayton crept into the dark- ness that was, presumably, Vining's en- trance hall. After a moment, he heard the front door close softly behind him and then ventured to use the torch. Have you ever gone into a strange house and tried to make out the lay of the land with a pocket torch? The torch shows up only one tiny spot at a time, and when you have swept it all over one article of furniture and made out its general dimensions, you have forgotten everything else! However, Clayton found his way through the tiny hall and into a room on the left that appeared to be a sitting- room. It was dimly lit with a faint radiance that filtered in from the street below, and he was able to make out the distribution of the furniture. One of the first things he noticed was a desk in the far corner by the window and he decided that was his goal. Larry was still at his heels. "Open up that desk, Larry," he whis- pered. A moment later he heard the snap of the lock. "Now follow me while we search the rest of the place first." They went back into the tiny, pitch-dark hall. The front door was at right angles to the outside hall. The little entrance hall was also at right angles to the outside hall and ended almost at once in an al- cove with a sofa and some chairs in it. But they found that another and nar- rower hall, the entrance to which was hidden by a heavy curtain, passed back, inside the flat, for its entire length. The dining-room, kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms led off it in turn, and the hall ended in a window at the back of the house. A third bedroom lay to the right of the hall at the back. As it was a corner house, all these rooms had win- dows. 