28 The Call for Help Thus encouraged, Hortense con- tinued her woes. She found it exceed- ingly romantic to meet a young man from her own suburb in a smart city tea- room for the purpose of talking about herself. "And do you think I'm allowed a word in my own household?" she asked. "No; everything is run to suit my pre- cious husband; everything is run to suit his convenience. I'm no better than a slave of his whims--a slave," said Hortense passionately. "There, there, everything is bound to turn out all right," sympathized Archie, patting the other hand. The upshot of this conversation and several others of like nature was that Archie began to feel himself in love with Hortense. At least that was the only way to explain the glow that occurred in the region of his heart whenever he met Hortense in the city. And when she mentioned that clandestine meet- ings in the city were getting harder and harder to manage, he asked if he couldn't see her in her own home-- some time when Mr. Lute was not present. Hortense blushed faintly. "That would be so romantic," urged Archie; "please say yes." After an hour and a half of impor- tunities on his part, Hortense gave utterance to the precious mono- syllable. She was immediately plunged into doubt as what Archic must think of her for being so easily persuaded to grant his request. After he had assured her for the twentieth time that she was to him the dearest, sweetest, and purest woman in the world, she displayed a livelier interest in the idea of Archie's coming to see her. "Come Wednesday night. If my hus- band's out, I'll place a Japanese lantern in the library window. If it's lit, you'll find a ladder in the garden. Go up the ladder to the window. I'll be waiting for you in the library." "Why can't I--er--come in through the door?" inquired Archie. "The servants would see you," ex- claimed Hortense in horror, "and the news would be all over town by morn- ing." "But if they see me climbing up on a ladder--" began Archie. "I'll see to it that they're all busy in some other part of the house," said Hortense; "and as the library window is quite invisible from the street, you're absolutely safe." And so, having seen the Japanese light in the window and found the lad- der, Archie was on his way up to his rendezvous. As he mounted the ladder, he per- spired gently. It seemed to him he was only too conspicuous. It seemed to him it would be only a matter of a few mo- ments before a rude hail from the gar- den below would cause his blood to freeze. Visions of a rough handling on the parts of the brutal Mr. Lute swam before him. "This is the last time I ever do any- thing as idiotic as this," he informed himself grimly as he continued his up- ward progress. "Romance or no ro- mance--never again!" Just then his clutching fingers found themselves scraping on stone. He raised his head. He saw that he was at the very sill of the library window. With infinite caution he raised him- self until his eyes were level with the sill. He saw only the Japanese lamp standing on a table close to the window. The light from the lamp dazzled his eyes. He could see nothing beyond die lamp. Slowly he mounted to the sill. He seated himself across its breadth. He began softly to push open the window. His heart stopped beating. A wild 