The House of the Missing 57 pay two hundred dollars for the privi- lege. Pretty steep, eh?" "It ought to be some party," Clayton remarked. "You'd think so!" Now I've been thinking the thing over and I can't be- lieve that a gang like that will give me the slightest chance to learn where I am going or how I got there. They couldn't afford to. And they're probably too clever to fool. . . . "That leaves two other courses open to us: We can try to find out before hand approximately where they are go- ing, and you can pick me up on the way and follow on. Or you can attempt to follow me from the start. But if they are the clever rogues I think they are, the latter will not be easy." "Nor the former, for that matter," Clayton remarked. "Perhaps not," Moore replied; "but now that we know definitely that Vining is mixed up with some gang, even if it isn't the one we are looking for. I think we can take more definite steps to find out more about him. And he's to be away tomorrow afternoon." "Search his rooms?" "Exactly! What do you say?" "Do you think he's at all suspicious of you. Moore?" There was silence for a moment. Then Moore's voice came more slowly over the wire: "Damn it, Clayton, I can't be sure. Of course, he seems perfectly friendly now. But he did change a bit suddenly. However, that's probably only my imagi- nation." "Well, I don't believe that it's worth while your taking a chance of running foul of him. Did he tell you of his own free will that he was going out of town tomorrow?" "Yes; made quite a point of it. But, of course, I was disappointed at not going to the party sooner." "Well, if he's at all suspicious of you, and if he's as clever as you say he is, maybe he's counting on your doing that very thing!" "What? Searching his rooms? Clay- ton, you've got a head on you!" "It's just possible," he answered; "so I think it would be better if I go. Then if I'm caught, he'll take me for a bur- glar and not suspect you necessarily. I'll take Larry with me, and if they're plan- ning to surprise me, maybe I'll give them a surprise in return. Besides, if he does try to ambush me, we'll know that he is suspicious of you." Moore agreed to this plan, if rather reluctantly, and gave Clayton Vining's address. He told him, also that he thought he was being followed. They discussed this rather disturbing news for a while, then rang off. The next morning Clayton summoned Larry. "Go to one of the theatrical make-up stores in the West Forties this after- noon," he said, "and get two masks. Then clean up your kit of tools. Then go to Vining's house and look over the lay of the land. He lives on the second floor." He told him the address. "Finally, Larry," he added, "meet me with your kit at Fifty-ninth Street and Lexington Avenue at nine o'clock to- night and do not bring a gat. If we're going to have to injure anyone, we've got to do it quietly. We can't afford any kind of publicity. That's all, Larry." An hour later Natalie and Clayton were riding in the Park and for a few hours he forgot his quest. Perhaps Clayton will be accused of lack of feeling for that. But he loved and longed for his little sister none the less because Natalie had come into his life. Clayton had led a curiously uneventful life up to that time, aside from his ex- periences in the war. His knowledge of women was limited to social ameni- 