120 The Lost Heiress had still more occasion to wonder. She wanted to stand by ray side all the time. . . . "Now, no detective can work that way. I finally told her and asked to be left alone, assuring her that Miss Cornwall's possessions were safe in my hands. "When I started looking about, it seemed so futile. Everything was in order. On the dresser was a framed portrait of her fiance, as it should be. Other portraits of friends were about the room; people with whom I had already talked. In her desk I dis- covered some correspondence. Nat- urally, in a case like this, I looked the letters over. But they told me nothing. I had hoped that she might keep a diary. But it seems that she was too sensible a girl for even that bit of feminine foolishness. . . . "And yet, I did stumble on some- thing that has always puzzled me. In the bottom of the desk was a picture, cut from a newspaper, of a college football hero. I slipped it into my pocket. It might be nothing more than a romantic girl's fancy. But it made her seem more real to me. For girls do cut out of the papers pictures of college athletes and movie stars. III "I inquired of Mrs. Cornwall if her daughter knew the man. She said no. At least, he had never been entertained in their home. He might have been an acquaintance, of course. . . . Well, I went to see the chap." Barker was watching the other's face closely. But he was gazing out of the window, seemingly indifferent. And yet, from the way he was listen- ing, Barker knew he was not bored. "He was in business with a broker's firm on lower Broadway. I asked him if he knew Miss Corn- wall. He told me he did not, and that he had never even met her. Naturally I didn't tell him that I had discovered his picture in her desk. But--now comes something that has led me to believe he lied to me that afternoon: "One day I went to see Mrs. Corn- wall. Good Lord! I was at their home so often the butler would let me in without quibbling. I was wait- ing in the hall. Mrs. Cornwall was engaged, the butler told me. Then, from the drawing-room, came this chap I have told you about. He gave me a curt nod and left the house. "The business I had in hand waited until I had asked Mrs. Cornwall what he was doing there. She seemed sur- prised at my question, as if it were an impertinence, and replied that it was a personal matter. And that was all I could get out of her. I reminded her that I had asked her a few days before if she had known the man, and she had told me she did not. She explained that she had never seen him until this day. That was all. . . . "Yet I could not help but feel that she was concealing something from me. From that day her man- ner changed. She seemed more rec- onciled to her daughter's loss. "Now, we detectives work on hunches. And I felt that there was something in this visit that had to do with the missing girl. I also dis- covered that Mrs. Cornwall had given this man a check for ten thou- sand dollars. I found that out at the bank a few days later." "And what did you make of that?" asked the man. "One of two things: Either she was purchasing some stocks--which made me wonder why she didn't do 