A Dead Man's Business 37 "Yes," the Kid replied, "for sellin' my mother's old show clothes; and she's goin' to get every cent of it, too. Me-- I'm so broke 'at I'm cock-eyed, and I want what you owe me down, now." "Well, go ahead, collect," Billy said nonchalantly. "Here's seven. Go after the rest anyway you want to." The Kid reached for the five and the ones, and folded them into his pocket. Billy King picked up a newspaper, pushed himself against the wall and looked up the sporting sheet. The waiter shuffled past them with ham and fried potatoes. "Fella' was askin' fer you last week, Billy," the waiter remarked as he passed. "Hook-nosed old salt with a scar on his eye--" Billy crunched the paper on his knees and looked up quickly. "What! Not Uncle Bill!" he ex- claimed. "Is he back? And me tryin' to fret myself earnin' some money! He's the Unc I was named for, and me and him is the whole family! If I can find him any place, I'm sittin' pretty!" He laughed, shoved up his chair and got out of it, and the Kid backed away from the table and followed him down the street and across the market to the shambled two-story frame affair in Pell Street, where Billy remembered old Bill had hung out. Billy only hoped the grog had been flowing freely, for he knew well enough that when old Bill was sober he had no love to spare for this one piece of "family." Though Bill was a rough one himself, his idea was that only good effort de- serves good reward, on which principle Billy King deserved much less than nothing, which was exactly as much of old Bill Cooper's honestly-earned goods as old Bill Cooper ever intended Billy to have. At the door of the sailor shack Billy knocked hard and waited until the slovenly woman who kept the place answered. Yes, Bill Cooper had been there, but he'd left a week before for some place up in James Street--sixty-four, she believed. So Billy and the Kid went to 64, James Street. Letty Pinkus wasn't home. Nervous little Mrs. Pinkus let them in. When Billy asked for the old sailor, she was startled at first, then she took up her apron and wiped her eyes at the corners. "God bless me, he's dead!" she said. "Died awful sudden, and we give him up to the mate of his ship. It has shook us up awful, his comin' and goin'." Billy's breath came in chunks for a minute. "Well, where did he--what did he do with his money?" he asked. "I'm the only relation he's got." Little Mrs. Pinkus shook her head. "I do' know as he had any," she in- formed him. "The mate said he spent all he had down in Africa for the gem he give Letty. That's worth a terrible lot." She put down her apron and twitched her shoulders a little. The whole affair was still disturbing to her. "They say we won't be keepin' boardin'-house next week, when Letty sells that di'mond. The Kid plucked Billy's coat-tail. "Let's see it," he suggested. "Any- way, we ought to look over Bill's clothes and stuff." Mrs. Pinkus stepped back inside. "Why, yes, come right in," she said, and smiled sympathetically at Billy, whose lame expression she took to be grief at his uncle's demise. "It's a ter- rible shock, ain't it? Come right in the parlor. Letty ain't here, but I'll show you the di'mond. It's only fair you should see it." Billy and the Kid pulled off their plaid caps, and followed Mrs. Pinkus 