A Dead Man's Business 39 III Billy King lived over Flannigan's tobacco shop by a railroad bridge. The Kid lived with him. That morning, when die sullen light of five o'clock was just coming in through the fallen-down shutters, Billy got up and dressed, fussed around the Kid's clothes a bit, sewed that hard little kernel of jewel in his own vest lining, then soft-footed it down- stairs, and out into the first gray of daytime. When it was nine o'clock he got a fellow to trust him for a new suit. He shaved off his mustache, and moved up to Harlem, three hundred blocks from the wharves. It was noontime before he ate. Then he picked out a bean-smelling bakery across from the house he'd selected to room in. There were only three others inside. The tables were quiet, but after a minute something happened that, by Fate, should come to every man only once, but that really seems as frequent a state as birth and death and the sun coming up. A girl came into the place whose presence made Billy's blood tingle instantly. She was slender, quite small, with a mop of black curls--curls just to her shoulders, thick--soft like a child's-- and her eyes were black, too, and her skin cream-white. She sat down across from Billy and ordered a sandwich. He watched while she ate, and then followed her out. She stopped at a stand for a paper. He stopped for one, too, and she smiled. So, a bit farther up the street, he spoke to her. He asked if she'd dropped a gold-pencil in the restaurant. Of course she hadn't, and said so, but he gave her his, said he had found it, and she might as well keep it. She asked his name, and said she thought she'd seen him before. He told her he was Jim Woods from Minneapolis, and he'd never been in New York till that morning. He wanted to know her name, too, and she laughed and said everybody called her Babe. He asked if he could see her again, and she said she'd be down at the bakery for supper, so Billy went up to the room he had rented in Clara Casey's square flat, and began to wonder if he was going to have all the trouble of falling in love again. Babe wore a little corn-flower dress at supper-time. She was already there when Billy went in at six, and she'd left a place beside her that he promptly took. She had a dash of scarlet on her lips, like a kiss painted there, and the something was about her that men dream of when they are waiting for the girl they've never found. Billy walked home with her after supper, across a little park to the apart- ment where she lived with her aunt. He wanted to take her to the picture- show where the dauntless Pearl White was saving a city from flood, so she ran upstairs and asked her aunt, and an hour later they followed a flashlight down the aisle of the Blue Palace. Billy King had been fairly born to Broadway. His sun, since he could remember, had been the white light of Forty-second Street to Fifty-ninth, and he had managed to make "business" good enough so that, with his natural good looks and his air of sang froid, he had had a small share of most every little Broadway doll there was. He'd had perfumed kisses from up-to-date lips, and he'd gone into the Plantation with girls who flagged all the attention there was, but he'd never before sat by a girl whose fingers in his really made any difference. Some people come into your heart 