No Place for Husbands 15 he thought rather irrationally of flight and instructed his secretary to call up a number of European steamship com- panies about sailings. Speeding across the Jersey meadows that evening in the homebound train, he caught sight of a newly pasted bill- board. In shouting letters it read: Hal Harris' Latest and Best "THE GAY MILLIONAIRE" The Comedy Knockout of the Year With (The Best-Known Millionaire in America) and The Famous Harris Bathing Girls IT'S A RIOT! John agreed grimly with the last line. When he reached home, Margery took one penetrating look at him and wanted to telephone at once for the doctor. "You simply must tell me what's the trouble with you, John," she declared. "Is there so-some other woman?" Her blue eyes were half-filled with tears. John stalled her off desperately all evening, swearing eternal and ex- clusive love and devotion every few minutes, and stole away the next morn- ing for New York without awaking her. The end, he felt, was very near. CHAPTER IX John Harlan sat slumped in his chair gazing dejectedly over the tops of the lesser skyscrapers into the busy traffic of the North River. He did not hear his secretary's voice until she came very close to him and said distinctly for the third time, "Mr. Harris on the wire, sir." John only half caught the name as he lifted the receiver off the hook. "Mr. Harlan," came Harris' husky voice, strangely pleasant, "if you'll drop up here right away, there's a chance we can do something about that picture business." Fairly flinging the receiver back in its place, John was out of the office like a whirlwind. He hailed a taxi and fidgeted madly on the seat until he reached his destination. The waiting Harris looked like a corpulent Sphinx. "Have a seat, Mr. Harlan," he in- vited. John, who had recovered his equilibrium partially, obeyed. "Well," announced Harris, "I've changed my mind--I'll sell you the picture and name you a liberal price--twenty thousand dollars." John winced. The figure was steep, but he dared not think twice about it. He swallowed hard, took his check- book from his pocket, and scribbled for a moment. He held the check out to- ward Harris and demanded cautiously, "Where's the film?" The producer reached under his desk and brought up a circular tin. "You won't have to open it here," he grinned. "I've written out a receipt, and I'll guarantee that this film contains the negative of your picture--and the only one there is." Without wailing to verify this. John turned over the money and, clutching his precious can of film close to him, was whisked in an elevator to the ground floor. In the taxi he sighed. He already felt like a new man. When he reached the Harlan building, he handed the driver a crisp twenty-dollar bill and his best smile. Amos Farraday looked up from his desk as his junior partner hurried by. Why, John was actually whistling! Farraday was greatly relieved. John gaily dismissed his secretary for the day, though her desk was piled high with work. When he was alone, he regarded the can of film on his desk 