The Dimpled Dumb-Bell 113 the imitation turquoise nor of the mar- velous skill of the imitator. He was won- dering why he doubted the authenticity of Dora's failure. "You're pretty peppy for a total loss," he remarked. For an instant Dora was frightened at this evidence of Trip's suspicion. Then she rallied to her own defense. "Why wouldn't I be peppy?" she de- manded gaily. "I'm through being nice to that old dub forever. You've no idea how--" "You've got to make another date with him and try it again," declared Trip. "This means money." Sudden hatred flared in Dora's eyes. She shuddered at the memory of Bland- ing's brief kiss. "I don't care what it means," she said hotly, "I'm through being an old man's darling and--I'm through being a young man's slave!" She rose and strolled past the cashier, through the small lobby with its soda fountain, and walked alone into the de- serted street. Trip's suspicions became absolute knowledge as he gazed after her. There was a flaunting assurance about the slender shoulders and well-poised head that hinted of bravado. "That dumb-bell's double-crossed me I'll bet a--" his eyes fell upon the cashier --"I'll bet a nickel she's double-crossed me. But--I've got to prove it." V Twelve hours later Trip risked his liberty by appearing at the Wall Street office of Darius Blanding. His business- like manner served him well below the dead-line where men of his profession were not allowed to go. His steady nerve guided his tongue as he told the reception clerk that his name was Higgins and that his business was antique jewelry. Entering the severely plain office of the great financier, Trip caught a glimpse of a blue-green stone as Blanding brushed an imaginary hair from his high forehead. For an instant Trip believed that he had seen the original turquoise, but he could not be sure. "My client has commissioned me to pur- chase the Minibilh turquoise, Mr. Bland- ing," began the pseudo Mr. Higgins brisk- ly, "providing, of course, that the one you have is genuine." The old man shook his head. "The stone is not for sale." The reply was in the nature of a dis- missal. Blanding glanced suggestively at the door. Trip smiled pleasantly and held his ground. He was determined to look closely at the turquoise before he left the office. He wanted proof of Dora's deception be- fore he took steps to frighten her into giving up the treasure that she might not have. "Are you sure," he asked, "that yours is the famous Minibilh?" Darius Blanding looked up quickly, angrily. "Examine it and decide for your- self," he said shortly as he laid the bronze ring upon the desk. Trip's hand trembled as he lifted the ring. He had a duplicate in his pocket and, if Dora had told the truth about her failure to make the exchange, Trip intended to attempt it, even while the old man watched him. With a sigh that was half relief and half gasping fury, he laid the ring upon the desk and moved toward the door. "My client will be very much disap- pointed," he said, "but, personally, I do not wonder that you refuse to part with the stone." Blanding allowed himself the luxury of a chuckle. "The stone will never be on the market again," he said. "Tell your client that he may as well give up hope. S.- Aug. 1--8 