The Flapper Fools Them 21 haven't all day to fool around your old store!" The manager accepted from her the handful of crumpled bills, and without seeming to do so, made sure nine were there. He also ascertained something else so swiftly and unobtrusively that even the salesman did not observe what he did. Yet he satisfied himself of a blue pencil mark on the face of the top- most bill. "Nothing further will be necessary," he said courteously to Madge. "I trust the pin will be entirely satisfactory-- otherwise we will be glad to have you return it." "Poof!" sniffed Madge. "If I get tired of it, I'll give it to my maid." Then the liveried attendant opened the door, and the clerk and the manager bowed and stared as the girl crossed the sidewalk and entered her limousine. III As the jeweler's footman was about to close the door, Madge signaled him to wait. "Do call to the gentleman over there!" she said smilingly, and pointed to a swarthy, heavy-set person strolling down the street. The chauffeur waited her orders, and the footman darted away, to return in a moment, followed by Madge's friend. "Oh, Mr. Hunt!" she exclaimed, ex- tending her hand. "How wonderful to see you so unexpectedly. Do let me give you a lift! Dad will be delighted to know you're in town." Mr. Hunt seemed charmed, and stepped into the car, seating himself heavily at the side of the girl. "Tell him to drive to the Hotel Belleford," Madge directed the footman, and, touching his hat, the flunkey closed the door. "Well?" asked Mr. Hunt guardedly, as the car moved slowly down Chestnut street through the traffic. "It went all right," Madge told him, "but I'm shaking like a leaf. As you figured they would, they sent the money to the bank to find out if it was good. The time it took the man to get back seemed longer than the stretch I spent in jail." "Sh!" warned Mr. Hunt. "Maybe the chauffeur can hear. This car isn't mine, of course--only hired--so I can't be sure of him." "Say," said Madge nervously, as the limousine turned the next corner and headed south, "I don't like this business a little bit. Once sentenced, twice shy, I guess." She tried to laugh, but the effort was not successful. "Don't be silly!" objected her com- panion. "You've done it beautifully-- just as I knew you would." "No, I haven't either--and I'm afraid you're going to be dreadfully angry," she confessed contritely. "What's wrong?" Hunt demanded with a snarl in his voice, and a suspi- cious look in his shifty eyes. "I had to sacrifice one of the genuine bills," she explained, and Hunt gave a smothered exclamation of anger. "I thought of the possibility when I was waiting for them to give me back the money," she told him. "And when they handed it to me, just as I thought might happen, there was a teller's big blue-pencil mark across the face of the bill on top. Maybe it was a trap, and maybe not--but I wasn't taking chances--" "I don't get you," he said with a frown. "Then you're stupid," she snapped. "I slipped one bill out of the phony pile, and handed him nine counterfeits with the marked good one on top. Just so he wouldn't look at the others, I crumpled them up in a wad--and it was a good thing I did. I caught old skeezicks looking for that pencil mark." "Damn!" said Mr. Hunt sincerely. 