She Who Hesitates- 67 she's a stunner, a Redion, eight-cylinder, of a blue to match your glorious optics." Nita hesitated. "May Cherrie come, too?" "No, Cherrie may not come, too," mimicked the irrepressible Wally. "What d'ye think I am? A Cook's tourist guide, or something? I'll call for my little eye-easer about three. Toodle-oo. Oh, and--Nita!" "Yes?"--faintly. "Love me?" Silence, but it seemed as if he must hear Nita swallowing the fat lump in her throat. He laughed, low and exultantly, and hung up. Cherrie entered from her bath, rosy and abundant. "Datin' your human safe-deposit?" "No, I'm going out with Wallace Camp." Cherrie winked a wicked eye at the Cherrie in the mirror, and continued her song to the effect that "Twenty- two loves Twenty- two." That afternoon, at three, Nita, in white polo coat and soft white hat, looked like a particularly pretty angel beside Wallace Camp, who looked a particularly likable young devil. Gliding with costly smoothness along the wide boulevard, Wally was exuberant and Nita unwontedly still. He became curious, finally, at her lack of laughter, and stopping the car, he cradled her soft chin between his strong young hands, his laughing brown eyes plunging deep into her blue ones. "I'll not carry a lovely carcass about in my blue Redion. Now then! What you miffed about?" "Oh, nothing!" smiled Nita and al- lowed him to kiss her again and again upon the soft scarlet of her mouth and upon the little pulse that hammered so excitedly in her white throat. And it may be stated right here, that if Nita did not return his kisses, she welcomed them gorgeously. In fact, there was little or nothing of the angel in Nita when Wally Camp's arms were about her and her head was close against his black-pearl cravat pin. Finally, she asked him somewhere down in the middle of his shirt front: "You want to marry me, don't you, Wally?" "No coon ever loved a chicken," as- serted Wally, "as I love you. And I'm willing to go the limit, Nita. I'll get a job as chauffeur or something. And you can start to burn the biscuits." "I don't know anything about bis- cuits." "You are so darned sweet, Nita," sighed Wally. "A man wouldn't dare do less than ask you to marry him, would he?" "No," said Nita coldly, "he wouldn't dare do less." Wally sighed again, uneasily. "We'd better go home. I see clouds are gathering." And on the return trip Nita did not slump softly on his shoulder, but sat up very erectly, quite by herself, like a cold little island. IV On Saturday night, a gay, exclaim- ing crowd of merry-makers assembled in the drawing-room of Cutler Anton's white Italian villa. This room, long- windowed, mirror-paneled, slowly filled to overflowing with noisy guests who tossed down countless priceless cock- tails and shrieked their appreciation to the crystal chandeliers. Wally Camp was disturbed and Nita was distressed to discover each other members of the party. Wally had been rather mixing his drinks and was flushed and resentful. He looked over Nita's exquisite figure. Her frock was of golden silk that matched her hair, adorned with secretive splashes of blue that matched her eyes. 