No Place for Husbands ByRussell Holman CHAPTER I WHEN the five most ex- pensive medical spe- cialists ever assembled under one roof gave John R. Harlan up for lost and the old gentle- man preserved their reputations by passing gently away two days later, the Broadway-after-midnight set lost one of its picturesque members. Not old John R. himself--my, no! He had always been too busy guarding the Harlan millions and the half-cen- tury-old banking house of Harlan &amp; Co. to give ear to the jazzy call of the wild. No; John R. had led as calm and Comstockian a social life as a Brooklyn tinsmith. If the financier had ever experienced an urge to dash out and sow a wild oat or two, the seed had all been passed along to his son Jack--that is, the Jack of the pre-1915 era. During Jack Harlan's prep-school days at Lawrenceville, he first began to plumb, in vacation periods, the fizzy world that lay behind the blinking lights of Broadway and learned that almost any chorus girl would forget almost anything for a good-looking youth with a quota of the Harlan fortune lining his pockets. By the time he reached freshman year at Princeton, Jack had graduated into leading ladies and stars and, as an alternative to the footlight cuties, was gadding about from cabaret to cab with the flapper society set. His first year out of college Jack devoted exclusively to his two worlds of pleasure. Musical comedy queens passed the word around that he was "a nice kid." Underdressed dowagers titled him "a wild, quite irresponsible young man, my dear." Flappers felt a thrill at being seen with such a hand- some Don Juan. And John R. Harlan, after trying threats, pleading and blus- ter to get his son to settle down in the banking business, gave up the task. Having completed Broadway, the Westchester roadhouse sector, and Greenwich Village, Jack set out gaily for Paris under some such alibi as "studying art," purposing to do most of his "studying" at the Folies Bergere and the demi-mondained cafes of the Quartier Latin. A cablegram reached him on the day he landed at Cherbourg. It announced the sudden, serious illness of his father. Jack caught the next steamer home, arriving in time for ten minutes of conversation before the stricken man lapsed into permanent unconsciousness. During those ten minutes Jack Har- lan's attitude on life abruptly changed. The old man used his last seconds on earth to pour his heart out to his son. Carefree Jack had always loved his father, and he had never before realized what Harlan &amp; Co. meant to a Harlan. A week later the young man rode soberly down to Wall Street in the sub- way and walked into the stern stone banking building of Harlan &amp; Co. He presented himself to Amos Farraday, the senior vice-president and his father's closest friend, and announced that he wanted to learn the business. Farraday was pleased, though skep- tical, and took Jack for a trial. 3 