20 The Flapper Fools Them His only anxiety was lest he might of- fend the girl, and as the messenger did not come back when five minutes had ticked away, the salesman was growing more and more uneasy. He did not want to affront such a desirable patron. Nine-thousand-dollar sales did not occur every day, and never in all his life had he been privileged to wait on so dainty a miss. Then the bank boy returned and nod- ded his head. The money was quite all right. So the salesman hurried to Madge to inform her of the fact and deliver to her the pin. But, to his chagrin, he found-a most angry young lady pacing back and forth in a furious flapper flutter. As he reached her side, she glanced again at her wrist-watch, and then into his face, with a look of utter scorn. "I've changed my mind," she said with a haughty air. "Keep your old pin and give me my money back." The clerk's knees almost gave way beneath him. The manager was watch- ing and saw that something was wrong. So the salesman knew he would be in for a reprimand if he permitted the girl to go without making a purchase. "Really," he began, "I'm very sorry--" "You ought to be!" Madge hurled at him with the tears coming into her eyes. "I've never been so mortified in all my life. The idea of keeping me standing here while you go to find out if my own father's money's good. He'd come down here and give your old boss a good talking to if I let him know that!" "But you will appreciate--" the flus- tered salesman floundered in confusion, wondering who on earth he had insulted so clumsily. "I'll appreciate your returning my money at once!" she snapped, and turned her back on him. There was nothing else to do, so the salesman went back to the cashier's cage after the nine thousand dollars. The manager, sensing that there must be a misunderstanding, approached him, and a brief colloquy followed. Mean- while, Madge was growing madder, and as the manager turned, he saw the little fury coming toward them. Diplomat that he was, he took the matter in hand, and with a bow present- ed the girl with the roll of bills. She accepted them with an angry sniff, and thrust them into her handbag, fumbling around inside for a dainty lace hand- kerchief, with which she dabbed at her moist eyes. "We are, of course, grieved that the pin is not satisfactory," the manager began. "The pin is perfectly satisfactory!" she bit out the words. "It's that pin- head boy who waited on me!" The salesman felt his heart sink, and his eyes stared at her like those of a pet dog who has been unjustly whipped by its mistress. "Really, ah, Miss--" he stammered, and the manager frowned at him se- verely. But the apparent misery of the youth seemed to soften Madge. "I suppose I'm a silly little goose!" she accused herself, "and I wouldn't for the world want to get you into trouble. If the sale means anything to you, I'll take the darned old thing. Only, hurry, please," she added, with a glance at the clock. At a nod from the manager, the salesman presented the pin. He did not wish the girl to change her mind again. She took it carelessly in her hand, hold- ing it in one palm while she reached again into her bag for the nine thou- sand dollars. "Do you want to count it or take it down to the mint or wherever Dad gets it from?" she shot at them with an im- perious stamp of her foot. "Because I 