34 The Call for Help "Don't do anything rash, Sylvester," she begged in a parched whisper. "Leave us!" commanded the little man majestically, for the third time. She half walked, half stumbled to the door. VI Outside the library door she stopped. There she waited, breathless and tense. And yet she was pervaded by a happy glow. Her pride was flattered, because, there, behind the library door, two men were bitterly quarreling--about her. It was a situation to please any woman. But, as the moments sped, her joy in this situation ebbed. Why didn't Sylvester come out and tell her what had happened? Why wasn't there the sound of angry voices? What was going on behind the door? She dared not think of what might be going on there. And yet she could think of nothing else. She had never seen Sylvester so aroused. In his red rage he might--he might attack Archie Drewe. Hortense calmed herself. That was preposterous. Archie was a younger and stronger man. Sylvester would never venture physical combat with the odds so strongly against him. Then she gasped. Her brain reeled. She had suddenly remembered that there was an automatic lying on the table within easy reach of Sylvester's hand. So that was why Sylvester had ordered her out of the room. He was going to shoot Archie! For a moment Hortense thought she was going to faint. With a tremen- dous effort she retained consciousness. Crouching against the wall she waited in agony the piercing sound of a shot. Oh, if she could only scream, what a relief it would be! An eternity passed. The same deadly silence prevailed; continued to prevail. Hortense now breathed in tortured gasps. Why was there no sound? A horrible supposition flamed through her mind. The men had killed each other. Or at least battered each other uncon- scious. She could contain herself no longer. She must see what was happening be- hind that door. Her trembling hand found the knob. It was some time before she could sum- mon sufficient strength to turn the knob. Slowly, inch by dreadful inch, she drew open the door. She gazed into the room with dilated eyes. She gasped with horror at the sight that met her eyes. What was happening in the library was far worse than anything she had imagined, crouching outside the door. Even as she gazed, she realized with a deadly sinking of the heart that there was a far stronger bond between her husband and her former admirer than existed between her husband and her- self or Archie and herself. Neither of the men stirred as she stared at them. Sitting opposite each other at the table in the center of the room, their heads almost touching as they leaned over the table, Sylvester and Archie were pro- foundly absorbed in a game of chess! 