66 She Who Hesitates- from head to foot with anger and dis- gust. A veil that she had so assiduously swung over Anton's past was being ruth- lessly swept aside by Cherrie. And, looking into its stark ugliness was like leaning over the edge of a cliff and look- ing into a nest of hissing rattlesnakes. Hideous! Disquieting! Black and warning! She thought of old Anton's hands-- dry, cold, wrinkled, with a million tiny lines. She thought of the way they closed hard and completely over her own. And his gray eyes--cold, too. Greedily, avidly cold! And the mouth, sagging into a downward, satirical, knowing line! How many women, she wondered. . . . "Well, excuse me for buttin' in," said Cherrie loftily, pattering into their bath- room, protesting with "ouches" at the feel of the cold linoleum. "But, take it from me, it's plenty and enough for a girl to marry a man she's awfully in love with!" The door slammed. There was a sound of water gurgling into the bath- tub, and Cherrie's contralto lilting in saucy song. Nita's head was quiet on its pillow. The blue eyes brooded into space. The red mouth drooped with puzzled dis- content. Nita did not remove the shining pledge from her left hand, but she tucked that hand under her pillow so that it might not touch her cheek. Some wo- men hate to open a door and look beyond. Nita was trying to compromise with life--and love. And Nita was having a horribly hard time doing it. III Within five minutes the phone bell had rung and Nita had risen on one elbow and stared at it as though it were an intruding gamin. However, urged by Cherrie's, "Hi, there! Quit your dreamin' an' hand Central the soothin'- syrup!" she rose reluctantly, a lovely vision in trailing white, and put her pretty mouth to the transmitter. "Yes?" Cutler Anton's voice, sauve as satin: "Good morning, my little Rosebud. Am I rousing you too early?" "Oh, no," she murmured. "Had to get up, anyway. There's a rehearsal at ten. A new song and dance to be in- troduced into the second act." "But this afternoon! I thought you might tea with me at Wycherly's." "I'm awfully sorry, Cutler, but I'm already dated. Perhaps tonight, after the show--" "Tonight, then. And, Rosebud, I'm giving a little party Saturday night at Anton Vales, my country place, down the peninsula. You and Cherrie were there once, you remember, at a little affair? We will have an after-theater supper on Saturday night. I'll take some of you girls down in the limousine. Are you wearing my ring, Nita?" "Cutler, I think I'd rather not wear it--in public--for a little while." "How long will you keep me waiting, Rosebud?" "Oh, not long," she said faintly, hand at suddenly pulsing throat. "Well, au revoir, sweetheart! Save your kisses for me." Save her kisses for him! Of course! She knew how the old roue wanted them! Hundreds of them, tight and quick on her rebellious red mouth. Hanging up the receiver, she stood for a moment gripping with tight lingers the woodwork of the telephone, when the bell again buzzed sharply in her ear. Wally Camp--gay and confident. "Sweet Nita! Nearly forgot to tell you I'm going to whirl my girl about this p. m. in my new French car. Say, 