The Lost Heiress 121 that through her own broker--or else she had given him that money for some very definite reason. Perhaps for information concerning her daughter's whereabouts. It was much easier to believe the latter. . . . "Meanwhile, we kept an eye on the chap. His actions were above suspicion. He led the life of the average New Yorker, was engaged to be married, and we often saw him with the girl. I suppose I should have arrested him. And yet that was not possible. There was nothing to accuse him of. Get your evidence first, and then arrest the guilty party, is the best proceeding. . . . "Then, one day, he, too, vanished. His employers told us that he had left for Chicago to go into business there. But we found that was not true. No one seemed to care much if he had disappeared. I never saw him again." Barker paused and lighted a fresh cigar. "It was only a thread at that. And yet I have always felt that he could tell us something concerning Kath- erine Cornwall. His picture in her desk; his coming to see her mother; his strange disappearance; and the check for ten thousand dollars. I have made up my mind that, should I ever run across him, I should arrest him on the spot." "That's very interesting," said the young man. "Very interesting story. Tell me, how do- most detectives solve problems? Do they come to it by a logical conclusion, or do they stumble on the answer by accident?" "It's usually an accident," ad- mitted Barker, grumbling. "The one thing we need to know to make our chain of evidence complete cannot be found by deduction." The man rose to go. "Just a moment," said Barker. "I suppose you wonder why I have told you this?" "Oh, not at all." "It's because I think you are the man I have been looking for. You are the one person who can tell me what happened to Katherine Corn- wall." "That's rather a bold statement. Perhaps Katherine Cornwall herself could tell you that," he answered, mockingly. "At any rate, consider yourself under arrest!" The man whistled softly to him- self. He glanced at the door. If escape was on his mind, Barker laughed. "Impossible," he said, "unless you want to risk your life by jumping from a moving train." "I wasn't thinking of that," said the man. "Sit down," said Barker. "I want you to tell me what you know. I want the truth!" "Suppose I do tell you, will you give me your word of honor that it will go no further--that you will let it be your secret as well as mine?" Barker promised. IV "It was all so very simple, I have often wondered why you never stumbled on the one link in the chain that would have solved the mystery. I call it a mystery. It was, to you. Not to me, nor to Mrs. Cornwall. . . . "Katherine's father was an aristo- crat, as you say. He was also an old tyrant. You see, there was a young man in love with Miss Cornwall. A decent sort of a chap, I believe. She returned his affections, but her father opposed the match. There was nothing for the young people to do but elope. They did. She went 