The Radio Roadster 87 grinding of brakes in front of the bungalow. A light gleamed through the leaded panes of the window and streamed bril- liantly through the open door. Yet, save for the noises of the night, the place was as still as a tomb. Even in the anxiety of the moment, Van Horn blamed himself for permitting the girl to come; but he could not help admiring her fearless courage. In fact, she was so impetuous that he was obliged to seize her roughly and thrust her aside, to prevent her entering the place before him. Then he crossed the veranda at a bound and stepped alone through the doorway of the spacious living-room. Obviously, the police had not arrived, and none of the neighbors appeared to have ventured up there. The easels and furniture of the familiar room seemed to be undisturbed, and, so far as Van Horn could see, the apartment was deserted. With his gun clutched tightly in his fingers he called out loudly; but no one answered him, and Alicia crowded be- hind him into the room. Over his shoul- der she caught sight of the feet and legs of a man protruding from under a table, and involuntarily she uttered a horri- fied scream. Van Horn stepped forward quickly and, kneeling beside the body, found himself peering into the features of Car- ter Harrington. At a glance he saw that the artist was dead, and the blood was oozing from a jagged hole in his forehead. Clearly there was nothing they could do for him, and Van Horn, with some apprehension, began to search the place. Quite possibly they might be watched, and he was afraid for Alicia; but if she felt any timidity it was not apparent. With a business-like air she examined the room while Van Horn peered into the alcove where Harrington's bed was made up, and then satisfied himself that the kitchen was empty. He found no vestige of any intruder. The two were alone with the corpse, and the murderer was gone. If Carmen Cas- tleton had been there, not even a trace of the exotic scent she used was notice- able. But the lid of the phonograph cabinet was raised, and on the dial was set the Fillex de Cadiz record, in mute evidence that the signal of distress had come from this very room. Harrington was dressed in a dinner jacket, and a polo cap lay upon the rug, but the studio was dusty and, despite the open door, the air was damp and stale. No trunk or other luggage was to be found, and it seemed as though the bun- galow had not been occupied since the owner's departure for Europe some months before. Nor was there a car parked outside anywhere near the building. Van Horn looked at Alicia with a hopeless expression. "I guess I'm pretty sad as a detective," he confessed rue- fully. "Who was here--how they got here--and where they've gone is much too much for me!" "And for me," conceded Alicia. "But a bullet made that wound--and poor Carter has no gun." She turned away from the gruesome object on the floor and went curiously to the table where a radio set was mounted. "It's clicking," she said in surprise. The varnished surface on which the double throw-switch rested was blistered and burned, and, if it had not been for the wound in Harrington's forehead, Van Horn might have supposed that an electric shock had killed him. Whether the dead man or someone else had been receiving or sending, Ted could not tell, but he saw that the switch was now barely touching the receiving amplifier. He pushed it all the way over and put the headpiece to his ears. 