18 The Flapper Fools Them "Nonsense!" he protested. "I've a little proposition to make that ought to sound good to you." "They all sound good--till you're caught!" Madge observed with quiet sophistication. "Oh, come!" he protested. "I'm reg- istered here as J. Buckleigh Hunt, and I've the coin to finance whatever I choose. If you're going down to Atlantic for a vacation, what do you say to a little small change to help out with expenses?" "Just how much is small change?" Madge inquired with a show of inter- est, and a twinkle in her eyes. Mr. Hunt's fat neck shook with silent laughter as he whispered, "Shall we say about five thousand?" "Easy go--but how easy get?" she parried suspiciously. "Simplest thing in the world," Mr. Hunt assured her. "With your scenery and upstage manner, you can pull the stunt like a breeze. I furnish full information and pay all ex- penses." "But suppose something goes wrong?" she reminded him. "I don't care for another rest in the reformatory." "Don't be absurd!" he snapped im- patiently. "My plans are always so plain and simple that nothing can pos- sibly happen. You won't even have to deal with the fences. I'll pay you your share--c.o.d--right here in the hotel." "Tell Baby Bright-eyes all about it, nice man!" Madge smiled at him, and Hunt chuckled inwardly as he saw that he had won. In fact, he felt himself in luck to have found Madge the Mouse. He had known her of old--and her dead husband, too--and he was well aware that she was one of the slickest- female rogues who ever used a rouge stick and disarmed suspicion completely with her innocent air. II Half an hour later a trim little figure in gray alighted from a limousine in front of an exclusive shop in Chestnut street. A liveried footman opened the door and Madge the Mouse sprang out with a juvenile air of eager anticipation. Several mere men, in passing by, paused to stare after her; and Madge was conscious of envious looks from a number of females whose fascination was far less great than her own. Inside the jeweler's she looked about until her eyes met those of a good-looking young male, and a moment later he was con- ducting her toward the rear of the store. "I really haven't much time," she said with a shade of regret in her voice, "but we're going away today, so I'm afraid I'll have to hurry." Her escort bowed and seemed to re- gret that his charming customer must depart so soon. He would have liked to show her the entire stock of treasures the many cases contained. Madge was aware of her conquest and turned upon him a pair of eyes that had laughing mischief dancing in their depths. "You see," she confided, leaning close to the salesman, "it was only this morning I persuaded Dad that I simply must have a new diamond bar-pin. If I don't buy it right away, he's sure to change his mind--so show me the prettiest ones you have--and not too expensive, please." "About how much would you care to pay?" came the courteous question, and the salesman held his breath while waiting for her answer. It almost stunned him when it came--not because of the amount--but because of the thought of this flapper flipping away such a sum with apparent carelessness. "Oh, not over ten thousand," she said with a gesture that was almost apologetic. The salesman bowed and begged her 