The Lost Heiress By Roger Wade DETECTIVE BARKER prided himself upon the fact that he never for- got a face. Yet he could not place the man who sat opposite him in the smoking-car. He was cer- tain he had seen him before and under unusual circumstances. Perhaps it would come to him. Maybe the man would betray himself by a gesture, a turn of the head, or some personal habit that Barker would recognize. The train was puffing through the prairies of the Middle West. In about an hour they would be in St. Louis. The smoking- car was de- serted save for these two. Barker looked him over carefully. A well-dressed chap in his early thirties. His dark hair was parted in the middle, but not too straight nor too smooth to give him the ap- pearance of a fastidious college youth. He looked like a successful young businessman; wholesome and clean-cut. It was part of Barker's duty to know by sight those crooks wanted by the police. Somehow he could not help but place this chap--handsome though he was, and certainly not of a criminal cast of features--in that class. He did not look like the aver- age jailbird, and yet-- Suddenly it came to him. He gasped. Three years ago. He re- membered now. It had to do with a certain affair that was still un- solved: a riddle that had never been answered. At the time, following a clue, he had looked for the chap, but in vain. He had mysteriously disappeared. If it were the same man, the oppor- tunity he had long waited for had come. And yet Barker was not quite sure. A bold idea came to him. He would chance it. He couldn't very well arrest the chap on the suspicion that he was the man he was looking for. That way he would learn nothing. But if he could lead him into betraying himself. . . . The man finished his cigarette. With a yawn he tossed it through the half-open window. He patted his knees as if he were going to rise and return to the Pullman. Barker knew he must detain him. The old trick of offering a cigar came to his mind. He felt in his pocket. He had but three left, and they must do him until he got to the city. "Have a cigar?" he asked. "Thanks. I never smoke cigars. Cigarettes do me," he smiled in reply. The ice was broken. "Hard trip," said Barker, trying another course. "Hate it," replied the man. "I'll be glad to get home." "You live in St. Louis, too?" said Barker, adding that last. As a rule he preferred to let the other fellow ask questions. But he had to keep the conversation going. "Yes. You in business there?" Good. This was more like it. Just 117 