The Crisis . THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Vol. 5, No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1913 Whole No. 28 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY Why You Should Purchase Your Jewelry from Us Three blocks from our office is Maiden Lane—the world's greatest jewelry market. Lower Broadway, with its massive buildings, and Wall Street three blocks beyond, with a golden arm enbosoms it in the financial district and protects it from the world beyond. Into this world there runs a steady stream of salesmen bearing a precious burden to jobber, wholesaler and retailer, for in Maiden Lane are the largest diamond merchants, jewelry manufacturers and watch factories. When you purchase jewelry from your local dealer you must pay tribute to these middlemen all along the line, making a final price to you from 50% to 100% beyond the original cost. By our fortunate location we are enabled to secure goods direct from manufacturer and importer and sell them to you at prices which your local dealer cannot duplicate. With us there are no middlemen. We do not require expensive showrooms and salespeople. The pages of TH E CRISIS and our catalogue (soon to be issued) will be our salesmen and showroom, so by dealing with us you not only get the benefit of these savings, but the manufacturer's guarantee goes with each piece of jewelry shipped from this office. Space will not permit us to describe the many splendid bargains in store for you. Therefore, what you don't see, please ask for. Diamonds, rings, mesh bags, lockets, bracelets, lavallieres, etc., representing the most value for your money, await your orders. 20-YEAR CASE 10-YEAR CASE Guaranteed Guaranteed A-24. 16-size Hunting case, Elgin or Waltham, 7-jeweled moveA-25. 16-size Hunting case, Elgin ment, $13.50. or Waltham, 7-jeweled move17-jeweled movement, $18.75 ment, $8.00. Of course, we have the DOLLAR WATCH, guaranteed for one year THE DUNBAR CO., 26 Vesey St., New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED "BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT!. OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 26 VESEY STREET. NEW YORK CITY Edited by W. E. BURGHARDT D U BOIS, with the co-operation of Oswald Garrison Villard, W. S. Braithwaite, M. W. Ovington, Charles Edward Russell and others. Contents for February, 1913 CENTER PICTURE: Emancipation. The Third Generation. ARTICLES PAGE ABOLITION AND FIFTY YEARS AFTER. By Rabbi Stephen S. Wise 188 THE REPRESENTATIVE. A Story. By Virgil Cooke 187 THE ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY. By Charles H. Garvin 196 FATHER, FATHER ABRAHAM. A Poem. By James Weldon Johnson.. 172 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 163 OPINION 173 EDITORIAL 180 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 190 THE BURDEN 194 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with, manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. * Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Studentsall parts of the South. Graduatesuniversally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T.ATLANTA, GA. come from  are almost WARE Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1912. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. FORWARD Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. MARCH YOUR SON OFF T O Wilberforce University A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. The only school in the country for Negro Youth which has a Military Department equipped by the National Government, and commanded by a detailed United States Army Officer. DEPARTMENTS MILITARY SCIENTIFIC NORMAL TECHNICAL COMMERCIAL THEOLOGICAL CLASSICAL MUSICAL PREPARATORY Banking- taught by the actual operations in the Students' Savings Bank. Twelve Industries, 180 acres of beautiful campus, Ten Buildings. Healthful surroundings, exceptional community. Maintained in part by the State of Ohio which supplies facilities for the thorough training of teachers. Fall term began September, 1912. Write for Catalog. W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President WM.	 A. JOINER, Superintendent, C. N . I. Department. Address all communications to BOX 36 WILBERFORCE, OHIO Mention A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Daytona Educational and Industrial School for Negro Girls DAYTONA, FLORIDA It reaches, by reason of its location, a large territory of Negro children deprived of educational privileges. , Its comfortable home life and Christian influences insure a certain individual attention and superior training impossible in larger institutions of its kind. Mrs. Frances R. Keyser, formerly in charge of the White Rose Home for Working Girls, in New York City, has been elected Principal of the Academic Department. Write for catalog and detailed information. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE Founder and Principal TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING KELSEYS 328 Lenox Avenue Telephone Harlem 1896 126th Street, NEW YORK. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send (or booklet. Mm». A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Intr.; Dr. Samuel A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. Agricultural and Mechanical College Open all. year 'round. For Males only. Facilities unsurpassed. Strong Faculty. Practical Courses. Board, Lodging and Tuition $7 per month. Winter Term Began December 2, 1912. Write to-day for catalog or free tuition. JAS. B. DUDLEY, President GREENSBORO. N. C. Southern Business College BIRMINGHAM, ALA . Day and night school, teaching Shorthand, Type writing, Business English, Business Arithmetic, Bookkeeping and preparing for Civil Service. A high-grade commercial school with competent in structors and healthy surroundings. The only Negro school of its kind in the world. For catalogue and further information address Southern Business College 4th Avenue and 15th Street W. J. ECHOLS, Principal J. P. BON D Secretary-Manager Send your boy South—the land of Opportunity. The Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College of Texas. E. L. Blackshear, Principal. W. C. Rollins, Treasurer. Largest State institution for colored youth in the United States. Excellent literary, scientific and industrial advantages. Expenses low—ideal climate—new buildings. For particulars address: H. J. MASON, Secretary Prairie View, Waller County, Texas Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 16 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. F F A NARRATIVE of o o Ri THE NEGRO R By Mrs. Leila Amos Pendleton B A comprehensive history of the E Negro race from the earliest period i Y to the present time; told in pleas R E ing narrative style; may be read t and understood by children. Bound R H in cloth and illustrated. Y d Address: Price $1.50 A MRS. L. A. PENDLETON D 1824 11th Street, N. W., A s Washington, D. C. Y y Fisk University NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 H. H. Wright, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study, in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Telephone 1943 Flushing D. H. VAN DE WATER FINE GROCERIES 111 Main Street Flushing, N. Y. Established 1858 "THE BURK CIGAR STORE" HAVANA AND DOMESTIC CIGARS 5 Main Street Flushing, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. 162 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER GO TO COLLEGE The World To-day Is Calling for College - trained Men and Women. It has been found that out of every one hundred pupils in the graded schools only seven reach the high school and less than two per cent, go to college. Lack of means is found to be the primary cause. But a way has been opened by the World's Cyclopedia Company to overcome the handicap of money. A little energy on your part and the goal is won ! We want high-class student canvassers, and a Little work on their part will insure a college career at Harvard, Yale, Brown, Dartmouth, Smith, Wellesley, Radcliffe, etc. The tuition fee at any of the colleges named averages $150.00, and to any high school student who secures one hundred and fifty bona fide subscriptions to Murray's Historical and Biographical Encyclopedia of the Colored Race Throughout the World, the World's Cyclopedia Company will pay one hundred and fifty dollars ($150.00) as a bonus in addition to a regular commission of 10 per cent. Even if you fail to reach the mark you will have your 10 per cent. If you are now in college you are also eligible to enter this contest. Note that it is not limited to the first student, but open to every student. If you are ambitious, and wish to take advantage of this splendid offer, write the Scholarship Department of the WORLD'S CYCLOPEDIA COMPANY at Washington, D. C. —P. O. Box 2379—for full information and literary outfit. Reddick's World's Greatest Polishing Mitt (With a Protected Tip) FOE POLISHING ALL METALS, SIGNS, PIANOS, FURNITURE, GUNS, HARNESS, AUTOMO BILE BODIES, LAMPS, HARDWOOD FLOORS, ETC. Fully Protects the Hand Saves Time and Labor A n incomparable duster for the household. A combination shoe polisher second to none. . Can be used with or without oil or polish. Made of special tanned lamb's wool on the hide, thoroughly cleaned and combed of all grit. Will not scratch the finest surface. A household wonder that simplifies housekeeping. Fits either hand and will last a long time of hard usage. Adopted by the Pullman Company for porters' use on the best trains and used in the best hotels, office buildings, theatres, garages, furniture houses; on dining cars, ocean liners, yachts and thousands of households because it's the best practical polishing device on earth. By mail postpaid 25c. each (stamps or currency). Special prices to large users. A splendid proposition for agents. Write to-day for particulars. J. E. REDDICK 1028 South 17th Street Philadelphia, Pa. OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS Tone Placing and Voice Development Practical method of singing for daily practice, based upon artistic principles, together with a carefully prepared number of exercises. From "Musical Courier," N. Y. : A very practical little book is "Tone Placing and Voice Development* by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students. WORDS OF APPRECIATION I offer you the heartiest possible endorsement of your work, which I believe to be the most complete course of the kind that has ever come under my notice.— Glenn Dillard Gunn, Chicago ' 'Tribune-'' From ''Music News,'' Chicago* Ill.: Accordingly his "Practical Method of Singing" is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students. CANNOT FAIL OF GOOD RESULTS The work is especially commendable because it treats in a clear and systematic manner all the vital points so essential to the student, making it easy for him to advance to the highest point of development.— Geo. I. Holt, Des Moines, Iowa. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. Books on Socialism If you are not quite sure whether you want to be classed as a Socialist or not, you need to study Socialism and find out. You must take sides either for or against it some day. "Of Eugene V . Debs, the Socialist candidate-, we can only say this frankly: if it lay in our power to make him President of the United States we would do so, for of the four men mentioned he alone, by word and deed, stands squarely on a platform of human rights regardless of race or class." —TH E CRISIS, August, 1912. Woman and Socialism, August Bebel $1.50 Common Sense of Socialism, John Spargo Cloth,. 1.00 Paper, .25 The Class Struggle, Karl Kautsky Paper, .25 Socialism for Students, Joseph E. Cohen .50 Theoretical System of Karl Marx, Louis B. Boudin.: 1.00 These and other books on Socialism sent prepaid on receipt of price. The DUNBAR COMPANY 26 Vesey Street New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 5, No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1913 Whole No. 28 ALONG THE COLOR LINE SOCIAL UPLIFT. THE Woman's League of Kansas City, Mo., has established a working girls' home. Two colored women and one white woman took the semi-annual examination for physicians before the State board of medical examiners of Virginia. •J Sixteen new five-room houses were recently built by a real-estate agent in Savannah, Ga. They were all sold to colored people within a period of ninety days. The Germantown Site and Relic Society is marking the grave of the colored woman, Diana, who saved the town of Staunton, Pa., from destruction by the British soldiers. 9 The Excelsior Library, of Guthrie, Okla., founded by a colored woman, reports 8,000 visitors for the year, 3,296 books loaned, 520 books added. The library now has 2,380 volumes and subscribes to 22 periodicals. Mrs. J. C. Horton is librarian. «I The new colored Y. M. C. A. at Louis ville, representing an outlay of $30,000, has been dedicated. It contains forty-six dormitories, baths, reading rooms, committee rooms, an assembly room and a gymnasium. Mr. W. P. Dabney, of Cincinnati, has been developing a 34-acre tract near Cincinnati as a fresh-air farm. The football scores of the two leading colored teams for the year were as follows: ATLANTA BAPTIST COLLEGE. A. B. C. 87, Morris Brown 0. A. B. C. 48, Atlanta 0. A. B. C. 45, Clark 0. A. B. C. 12, Tuskegee 3. A. B. C. 13, Fisk 6. HOWARD UNIVERSITY. Howard 6, Annapolis Grays 0. Howard 13, Hampton 7. Howard 20, Shaw 0. Howard 25, Livingston 0. Howard 13, Lincoln 0. q The Monday Night Current Events Club of Washington is devoting the year to the study of socialism. ^ The Provident Hospital and Training School of Chicago reports an income for the year ending June 1, 1912, of $25,373. It has treated in the hospital in the last twenty-one years 13,878 patients and 80,872 patients in the dispensary. The endowment fund now amounts to $47,000, and it is the earnest wish of the institution to raise this to $100,000. &lt;I The West End Workers' Association in the San Juan Hil l district of New York reports the following institutions mainly or entirely for the benefit of colored people: Five institutions for the care of the sick at home; four churches; • two institutions for cripples; ten schools; three day nurseries; three dispensaries; three employmen t bureaus; three hospitals; eight industrial schools; five kindergartens; three institu TH E CRISIS tions for legal and charitable advice; two milk stations; ten missions; three night schools; six recreation centers and thirteen social clubs. *i Boley, one of the several colored towns of Oklahoma, is often written of. The latest report claims a population of 4,000; a bank with a capital and surplus of $11,500 and deposits o f $75,804.44; twenty-five grocery stores; five hotels; seven restaurants; waterworks worth $35,000; electric plant worth $20,000; four drug stores; four cotton gins ranging from $8,000 to $12,000 in value; one bottling works; one steam laundry; two newspapers; two ice-cream parlors; two hardware stores; one jewelry store, four department stores; a $40,000 Masonic Temple; two colleges; one high school; one graded school; two city school buildings; one telephone exchange costing $3,000; 842 school children; ten teachers; six churches; two livery stables; two insurance agencies; one second-hand store; two undertaking establishments; one lumber yard; two photographers; one bakery and one of the best city parks in the State. The post-office here is the only third-class postoffice. controlled by Negroes. Its postmaster is the highest-paid Negro postmaster in the United States. The sidewalks throughout the city are constructed with the best cement and the streets are well lighted by the electric plant. ECONOMICS. THE Mississippi Grand Lodge of Masons collected last year $100,000 and paid out to beneficiaries $90,000. It has 10,000 enrolled in 462 lodges. A t its recent annual meeting 700 delegates were present. *I The United States Court of Appeals in Chicago recently decided that the heirs of twenty-eight Negro stevedores who were killed in a naphtha explosion on the steamer "Tioga" in the Chicago River twenty-three years ago are entitled to $110,000 damages. Every direct heir of the identified dead either has died or disappeared. The steamship company wound up its affairs years ago. The attorney that defended the case and the lawyer that prosecuted it are dead. . The case was one of the oldest pending Federal cases in Chicago in which there had been only one appeal. Charles Furthmann, son of the original plaintiff's attorney, won the case. There will be an opportunity for heirs of the dead to collect damages, if any heirs can be located. The company deposited a $200,000 cash bond before it went out of business. *I The Alabama Penny Savings Bank celebrated the new year by moving into its new six-story building of reinforced concrete. This is a colored institution located at Birmingham, Ala. &lt;I The American 'Beneficial Insurance Company is about to erect a $20,000 office building in Richmond, Va. ^ It is reported that the Negroes of Val dosta, Ga., pay tax on nearly $500,000 worth of property. One colored stock company owns a $20,000 office building in which are Negro professional men and other business enterprises. There are two schools, fifteen churches and twenty-one business enterprises, including drug and grocery stores. There are about 7,000 colored people in the town. &lt;I The timber workers are striking at Merryville, La. The strikers in a circular say: "It is a glorious sight to see, this miracle that has happened here in Dixie. This coming true of the 'impossible'— this union of the workers regardless of color, creed or nationality. To hear the Americans saying 'You can starve us, but you cannot whip us;' the Negroes crying 'You can fence us in, but you cannot make us scab;' the Italians singing the 'Marseillaise' and the Mexicans shouting vivas for the brotherhood. Never did the Santa Fe Railroad, the Southern Lumber Operators' Association and the American Lumber Company expect to see such complete and defiant solidarity, else they would have thought long and hard before the infamous order penalizing men for obeying the summons of a court was issued." *II The colored people of Tennessee conducted 33,895 farms in 1900 and 38,308 in 1910. These farms were divided as follows: Farms Under 10 acres 2,398 10-19 acres 6,883 20-49 acres - 19,063 50-99 acres 6,866 100 or more acres 3,098 The farm land in their control has increased from 1,500,096 acres in 1900 to 1,606,078 in 1910, while the value of all farm property owned and rented by colored farmers has risen 102.3 per cent, in the decade and now stands at $54,086,230. ALONG THE COLOR LINE *J T. S. Inborden makes the following statement concerning three North Carolina counties where his school is situated. In Edge-comb County Negroes own: Valued at 14,665 acres of land $144,444 768 town lots 187,727 1,257 mules and horses 98,633 5,137 goats, sheep, hogs and dogs 24,653 Implements and tools 14,315 House and kitchen furniture.... 17,324 The total of their personal and real property amounts to 562,511 In Nash County the Negroes own: Valued at 20,349 acres of land $211,701 549 town lots 131,510 1,030 mules and horses 104,035 6,350 goats, sheep, hogs and dogs 37,929 Implements and tools 6,772 Household and kitchen furniture 45,430 Other possessions 54,552 The total real and personal property amounts to 596,552 In Halifax County the Negroes own: Valued at 53,937 aeres of land $377,236 353 town lots 161,275 2,382 horses and mules 183,714 3,119 cattle 50,465 6,802 goats, sheep, hogs and dogs 20,620 The total real and personal property amounts to 748,310 This excellent showing is due largely to the influence of the Brick School. *I The largest blacksmith and repair shop in the State of Kansas is kept by a colored man in Atchison. His income is over $8,000 a year. 1 The colored people of Rochester, N. Y., plan to erect a building for commercial and fraternal purposes. &lt;J The State of Maryland is trying to buy old Fort Frederick which is owned by Nathan Williams, a thrifty colored man, who paid $7,500 for the property several years ago. He has been offered $8,500 for his possession. If he persists in his refusal to accept this price no more efforts can be made until a later legislature increases the appropriation. &lt;I The recent United States bulletin on agriculture has some astonishing revelations of the increase of farm ownership among colored people. Colored people form 6 per cent, of all the farm owners, and of all colored farmers 26.2 per cent., or 241,221, own their farms. This includes a few Indian and Asiatic farmers, but not more than 20,000. Special figures are given for Negroes of the South; there we find the colored farmers owned 186,676 farms in 1900 and 218,467 in 1910. They have added over 2,000,000 acres to their farms and the value of the land and buildings has increased during the. decade from $106,500,000 to $273,000,000, an increase of 156 per cent. The value of their land per acre is greater than the value of white farmers' land. Some of the increases in land ownership are indicated by the following figures: No. of Farms Value 1900 1910 1910 Virginia 26,566 32,228 $28,059,534 North Carolina. . .17,520 21,443 22,810,089 South Carolina. . .18,970 20,372 22,112,291 Georgia 11,375 15,698 20,540,910 Alabama 14,110 17,082 17,285,502 Mississippi 20,973 25,026 34,317,764 Oklahoma 10,191 11,150 32,325,348 Texas 21,139 21,232 30,687,272 EDUCATION. JULIUS ROSENWALD offered Fisk Uni versity a year ago to be one of four persons to raise $10,000 a year for five years toward the current expenses. The conditions of Mr . Rosenwald's offer have been met so that the $10,000 is assured for the next five years; $181,000 has been pledged toward the $300,000 endowment which the institution is striving to raise. &lt;I A course of lectures on the race problem is being given at the University of Virginia. &lt;I The superintendent of schools of Atlanta, Ga.. says: "We have schools with earth closets, both white and black, which are a. daily menace to the health, if not the lives, of the chil dren. W e have dark, dismal and musty base ment rooms which adjoin toilets and which are bound to injure the health of the teachers and children. The darkness and absence of fresh air is injurious to eyesight as well as to general health. Some of these schools are a disgrace to civilization and unfit for cattle to be herded in. We have school yards which are mud banks and when the children go out to play they get their feet wet and muddy and that is sure to cause sickness. For lack of a sufficient janitor service the schools are not kept clean and that is not conducive to health. W e are trying to put 900 Negro children in schools that have a seating capacity of only 450. It is true that we have sixty and seventy children in rooms that were meant to accom modate only about forty." •J The board of trustees of the Jeanes Fund has met at the White House, Washington. Those present were President Taft, Andrew 166 THE Carnegie, Booker T. Washington, H. B. Frissell, Dr. C. S. Mitchell, president of South Carolina Institute, George Foster Peabody, treasurer, R. R. Moten, secretary, H . T. Kealing, J. C. Napier, R. L. Smith, of Texas, Dr. James H . Dillard. There was appropriated $38,000 to pay the salaries of 117 supervising teachers in the Southern States, who will work with the superintendents chiefly to introduce industrial training. •J J. N. Carpenter, of Natchez, Miss., a white philanthropist, has given $80,000 for the white public schools and $5,000 for a Negro school. q In Philadelphia teachers in the public schools have organized to tell folklore stories to children in order to overcome race prejudice. Negro folk songs and folklore have been introduced. Q Colored people of the C. M. E. Church have raised $8,000 for Lane College, Tennessee, this year. ^ The annual report of the county superintendent of education of Richland County, S. C , shows more colored children than white children in school in spite of the fact that the colored children have wretched accommodations. ^ Mrs. Ella Flagg Young, superintendent of schools of Chicago, recently visited the colored schools of Washington. When asked what she thought of the system of segregating the races, Mrs. Young said: "I am opposed to segregation of races in public schools. How could I be otherwise and be consistent? I cannot align myself in opposition to segregation of the sexes and favor separate schools for the whites and blacks." &lt;I The twentieth annual report of Calhoun Colored School, Lowndes County, Ala., shows a total income for the year of $34,000. The endowment amounts to $93,000. THE CHURCH. THE Baptist Sunday School Congress of * 1913 will meet in Muskogee, Okla., in June. This will be the eighth annual session. &lt;J The American Society of Church History has been discussing among other subjects the religious history among Negroes in the South. &lt;I St John's Congregational Church, of Springfield, Mass., has issued a manual and directory. CRISIS MEETINGS. LOCA L emancipation celebrations were held throughout the United States on January 1 and 5. &lt;I In Boston a large celebration was held at Park Street Church, which was addressed by the Honorable Samuel W. McCall and Mr. Frank B. Sanborn. q In Mechanics' Building, Boston, another meeting was held and addressed by ex-presi dent C. W . Eliot. q The Whittier Home Association held a meeting at the Friends' Meeting House in Amesbury, Mass., and laid a wreath on Whittier's pew. *I In New Orleans the mayor of the city addressed the chief emancipation meeting at the fair grounds. q The colored people of Iowa are planning an exposition for next September. q The American Negro Academy held its sixteenth annual meeting in Washington. Papers were read by R. R. Wright, Jr., Kelly Miller, Archibald H . Grimke and Ernest E. Just. q The twenty-second annual Negro Farmers' Conference was held at Tuskegee Institute, January 22 and 23. q Mrs. Henry Villard and Dr. Booker T. Washington, of Tuskegee Institute, spoke at an emancipation meeting in the Church of the Messiah, New York, December 5. q Dr. Stephen S. Wise, Dr. Felix Adler and Dr. Henry Newman delivered addresses on emancipation in their respective pulpits in New York. The address of Dr. Wise is published in this issue of TH E CRISIS. q Dr. M . W . Gilbert gave an address on emancipation at the State Normal School in Montgomery, Ala. POLITICAL. A BIL L has been introduced into the United States Senate to promote instruction in agriculture, trades and the like. It purposes to appropriate $3,000,000 a year, beginning in 1916, to the various States. It also appropriates further moneys for branch experiment institutions and provides that in States where there are separate white and colored institutions $10,000 shall be appropriated to each for a college teachers' training fund. Provision is also made for agricultural high schools for both races. To offset this bill another one has ALONG THE COLOR LINE passed the House making no provision whatsoever for the colored people, but leaving the whole matter to the States. &lt;I During the visit of President-elect Wilson to Staunton, Va., Frank T. Ware, a former colored slave of his parents, greeted him. •1 The Honorable James W. Johnson, formerly consul at Corinto, Nicaragua, has been appointed as consul to St. Michaels, Azores Islands. The Honorable William J. Yerby has been transferred from Sierra Leone, West Africa, to Turkey. PERSONAL. THE Plasterer, organ of the Plasterers' International Association, carries a picture of George Doyle, a prominent colored union member. ^ Robert Pinkers, of Philadelphia, has patented an automatic drill for woodworking. He has worked in a woodworkers' shop for seven years. *I Dr. J. P. Turner, a colored physician, has made a creditable record as one of the medical directors of the public schools of Philadelphia. &lt;! Jefferson Davis, United States Senator from Arkansas, and a man of the Tillman-Vardaman type, is, fortunately, dead. ^ It is reported that a young colored student of the Greensboro A . &amp; M . College has inherited $101,000 from a Frenchman whom he used to serve. f$ Nathan Williams, a Negro bellboy at the Royal Palms Hotel, Jacksonville, Fla., rescued a white woman, Mrs. Gertrude Diffenbacher, from a burglar, and was killed in the encounter. &lt;I Miss Josephine Pinyon (Cornell, 1910) has succeeded Miss Holloway as student secretary to the National Board of the Y. W. C. A.'s, and Miss Eva Bowles, for two years secretary of the 53d Street branch, New York City, and for four years with the Associated Charities, Columbus, O., is now secretary for city work among colored women. &lt;I Walter Daniels, a colored porter of Kansas City, saved the valuable contents of an express car by shooting and killing a robber who was trying to open the safe. "That, porter was the only one of us not scared to death," said George Peterson, of Tulsa, a passenger in the chair car. "The porter sneaked into the next car and got a revolver while the rest of us were under the seats. As he came back, following the hold-up man to the express car, he asked somebody with a revolver to come and help him. No one in my car seemed to have one. The bandit paid no attention to passengers." &lt;I Joseph Hazel, a colored boy 14 years of age, has his picture in the Open Door because of his kindness in rescuing animals. 1 John Williams, a colored detective of Charleston, S. C , is making a wide reputation in trailing criminals. &lt;J Augustus Stanfield, a graduate of Howard, passed the highest examinations, in a class of forty-five applicants, for license to practice medicine in New Jersey. ^ Mr. John A. Agee, one of the first agents of TH E CRISIS, and a clerk in the city civil service of St. Louis, is dead. *3 Howard P. Drew, the wonderful colored sprinter of Springfield, Mass., has twice equaled the world's indoor record for the seventy-yard dash. &lt;i Mrs. Lillian Starks, widow of the late S. W . Starks, died suddenly at the home of her brother-in-law, at Athens, O., December 24, and was buried in Charleston, W. Va., December 28. Mr. Starks was State librarian of West Virginia and supreme chancellor of the Knights of Pythias at the time of his death about five years ago. &lt;I William Seymour Edwards, of Charleston, W. Va., delivered the address of the emancipation celebration held at the West Virginia Colored Institute. Mr. Edwards is a grandson of Arthur Tappan, president of the first anti-slavery society organized in New York. MUSIC AND ART. MR. HAMILTON HODGES, the dis tinguished baritone from Boston, Mass., who makes his home in New Zealand, gave, in the early season, two song recitals in the town hall concert chamber at Wellington. The hall was crowded, even standing room being taken. The New Zealand Free Lance says of the recital: "Mr . Hodges is helping to raise the standard of musical taste in this community, for he includes nothing tawdry in his program. He has a cultured, artistic judgment, and as he is always on the alert for new music of a high standard we are indebted to him for a knowledge of many fine songs. 168 TH E CRISIS "The program was full of interest. * * * Mr. Hodges can take credit to himself for being the first to introduce to New Zealanders an olio of songs by New Zealand composers." Mr. Hodges' program included songs from Muratori, Von Fieltiz, Schubert, Quitter, Horrocks, Mallinson, Buckley, Hunt, Wright and Queerie. The American numbers were from Arthur Foote and Charles Wakefield Cadman. One of the most admirable features of Mr. Hodges' artistic work is his uncompromising standard for the development of the colored musician along the line of absolute music, irrespective of any racial limitations. Mr. Hodges was engaged to sing in the "Messiah" which was produced by the Fielding Choral Society on December 11, and will also be heard in Coleridge-Taylor's " A Tale of Old Japan," which is to be sung by the Royal Choral Society of Wellington. q The all-American program prepared by Frederick Stock for the Theodore Thomas Orchestra of Chicago, Ill., for the concerts of December 13 and 14, opened with "Comedy Overture on Negro Airs," by Henry F. Gilbert, of Cambridge, Mass. The event, a program of all-American music, was the first of its kind in the history of the Chicago orchestra and one of importance and significance. q Mr. Arthur Abell, the well-known critic of Berlin, Germany, writing in Musical America of the remarkable voices possessed by. the two American Chippewa Indians, Carlisle Bawbangam and Carlisle Kawbowgam, comments on the beautiful voices found particularly among Negroes. q It is related of the composer Massenet, who died last August, that he was once glancing through a score of one of ColeridgeTaylor's works, and without knowing at that time the name of the composer, he declared the musician must be of Negro extraction, owing to the character of his music. q The Colored Social Settlement of Washington, D. C, gave a musical program in December at the Metropolitan Church, by Joseph H . Douglass, violinist, Roy W. Tibbs, pianist, and Howard University Glee Club. Addresses were delivered by Professor Alain Le Roy Locke, formerly Oxford Rhodes scholar, and Dr. Stephen Morrell Newman, president of Howard University. q John Philip Sousa and his band are pre senting a novelty on this season's concert program, which is a suite—three character studies—called "Dwellers in the Western World"—the red man, the white man, the black man. q The incidental music to "Julius Caesar," which William Faversham is reviving in this country, was composed by Christopher Wilson and S. Coleridge-Taylor. q A t the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the emancipation proclamation in Boston, Mass., on January 1, by the Wendell Phillips Memorial Association, a chorus of fifty voices from the Handel and Haydn Society, Emil Mollenhauer, conductor, sang the "Hymn of Praise" and choruses from "Elijah" and the "Messiah." q Francis Jackson Garrison has written a graphic account of the concert given in Boston on January 1, 1863, while everybody waited in suspense for Lincoln's second proclamation which made actual the emancipation of the slaves. "Never," writes Mr. Garrison, "was a concert more full of inspiration, and I wish that Boston might have signalized this semi-centennial anniversary of the great proclamation by repeating it, with the same choice program." q In New York the Philharmonic Orchestra repeated two numbers on that program and also Dvorak's "New World Symphony," based in part on Southern echoes, and the rhapsodic dance, "Ramboula," by the late Coleridge-Taylor. q Signor Pasquale Amato sang at one of the Sunday concerts of the Metropolitan Opera House one of J. Rosamond Johnson's dialect songs, "Since You Went Away." The words are by J. W. Johnson. q Mr. Rosamond Johnson and his partner, Mr. Hart, have sailed for England, where they have several engagements. q Twelve American composers were represented at a matinee of new music sung by the Schola Cantorum, a branch of the Mac-Dowell Club, at Aeolian Hall, New York City. Among the composers represented were Rosamond Johnson and Wil l Marion Cook. Mr. Kurt Schindler was conductor. q A n interesting exhibit of original paintings and drawings by colored artists was held at the Carlton Avenue branch of the Y. M . C. A., Brooklyn. The Evening Post says: " A number of the pictures shown are good enough to go in the average exhibi ALONG THE tion. Several by Ernest Braxton show force and imaginative ability enough to compel more than casual attention. The exhibition comprises work of several grades and different styles, the color work, on the whole, being more interesting than the black and white, although in this latter field Braxton has some striking military heads. The water colors of some of the students, it is pointed out, have been done at night and under necessarily difficult light conditions. Al l of the work by students shows at least painstaking care. "Braxton is represented by seven pictures in oils and a series of studies in black and white. Three of his pictures are 'After the Shower,' showing a vague, wind-swept street, with a suggestion of the after effects of a heavy rain; 'The Umbrella Mender' and 'In the Cove,' a Negro's head. Richard L. Brown is represented by four pictures of a smaller size. One of them is called ' A Marshland Evening;' others are ' A Clearing' and 'Study of Clouds.' R. H . Lewis, another professional, shows the only portraits in the exhibition. Of the amateurs, A . Comither shows five small paintings, not altogether without merit, all depicting various moods of nature. Besides these are two pictures by the late J. C. de Villis, who was one of the best-known Negro artists in the city. "Other exhibitors are Louise R. Latimer, John Bailey, J. S. Wilson, Jr., Gladys Douglass, I. S. Conway, Walter T. Brown, Anthony Queman and G. E. Livingston, all of whom are students. It is a significant fact that none of these students is working for pleasure, but rather to fit himself or herself to earn a livelihood as an artist." *I Mr. William Stanley Braithwaite, a contributing editor of TH E CRISIS, has launched a new periodical, The Poetry Journal. It is published in Boston, and is a tasteful little magazine. Q W. P. Saunders, of Nashville, Tenn., has produced his second play. Both his plays have been well mentioned by the leading papers of the city. THE GHETTO. ST. LUKE' S Protestant Episcopal Church, New York, is trying to get rid of its colored Sunday-school children. ^ Discrimination in Indianapolis has gone to the length of a proposition for separate playgrounds for children and separate street COLOR LINE cars. Already there is discrimination in amusement parks and colored people are not able to get seats in first-class theatres. 1 A proposed bill segregating colored and white people in residence districts of St. Louis has been declared unconstitutional by the lawyers of the organization which is pushing it. Cfl Colored men working in the sawmills of Ellisville, Miss., have been warned to leave. *I Underground influences have succeeded in having the question of Negroes in the army discussed at the conference of army officers. Nothing, of course, is expected as an immediate result of the discussion, but Negro haters are hoping that this will be an opening wedge. *I A colored pastor in Chicago alleges that hundreds of colored men and women have been discharged from their work on account of the Jack Johnson episode. Meantime Mr. Johnson has bought himself a $35,000 house in a fashionable district and there are rumors of trouble there. ^ The unexplained movement which led to the killing of seven or eight Negroes in North Georgia several months ago has resulted in an attempt to drive out Negroes entirely. One prominent white citizen, appealing to the governor, says: "If something is not done to check this movement the labor situation in Jackson County will become quite acute, for the Negroes, including some of the most trustworthy and law-abiding, are becoming terror-stricken and are leaving there in large numbers. Our wives and daughters will soon be put to the necessity of doing the cooking, washing and performing other menial labor. In addition, the farmers will suffer greatly, for they will be deprived of field hands." &lt;I Twenty-eight carpenters struck at Lexington, Ky. , because a Negro carpenter was added to the force. &lt;I Property holders in Minneapolis are trying to buy out a colored man who moved into a house on 18th Avenue. 1 Congressman Roberts, of Massachusetts, denies that his bill concerning secret organizations is aimed at colored people. &lt;B R. W. Milner, of Monroe, La., a plantation manager, committed suicide and left a letter to his daughter. The daughter is a colored girl. TH E CRISIS &lt;J A deed selling property to a white church in West Virginia contains a passage declaring that the property is "for the use only for religious purposes of the Baptist Church of Kanawha County, W. Va. Meaning the Caucasian members of the State Baptist denomination," etc. Dr. George Brown was candidate for mayor in Atlanta, and made speeches throughout the city. In talking to white workingmen he said: "Concerning the Negro problem nothing has been done to solve it. If my suggestion is followed out you will have absolute control of the servants in this town, and many a poor woman who is at present doing her own work would have the proper servant to do it had she the proper protection." &lt;I The following note comes to us from Mississippi: "Eph Williams presented a fine show (minstrel of course, but clean and good) in Cleveland, Miss. It was reported that some mean white boys struck one of their ponies in the head and it bled until it fell. A little four-year-old girl who was one of the dancers was also struck with a stone; the show was packed with white people, but they refused to pay for several seats, but simply took them, and they also refused to pay for the side show, but remained in their seats. The women had to be guarded to keep the white men out of their dressing room and they were afraid to leave their cars for fear of assault and insult." CRIME. ATLANTA, Ga., had a small race riot to celebrate Christmas. There were only one or two killed and they were white. A report on crime in Atlanta says: "In his work of examining the records in cases where pardon recommendations are passed on to Governor Brown by the prison commission, secretary Hardy Ulm, in making the briefs for the executive, has come to the conclusion that there is often great inequality, not to say injustice done, in sentencing convicted persons, and particularly Negroes. "To-day he cited several cases bearing out his contention. One was that of a Negro who had imbibed to an extent to make himself foolish and irresponsible. While in this condition he shoved a rusty old revolver in his wife's face. It did not even appear that the weapon was loaded. "The Negro was tried in police court and sentenced to ninety days for disorderly conduct. He served it and when he came out was. yanked up, tried in the city court and sent up for twelve months. He finished that sentence, was arrested again and tried in superior court and this time drew a four-year sentence. He has served most of that sentence. "Here is a case of a Negro tried, convicted and sentenced in three separate courts, all on the identical charge. Each time, when questioned, the ignorant African only said: " 'I guess I'm guilty. I was so drunk I don't remember what I did.' "Another half-witted Negro boy swiped a pair of shoes, was caught in half an hour and the shoes recovered. The value of the stolen property did not exeed $3 or $4, and no one suffered any loss. Yet he got four years, most of which he has served. "Another Negro boy had a few drinks and imagined himself a bad man. He went home, got into a wordy dispute with his stepfather and a general fight followed, in which the drunken boy slapped practically every member of the family. "Nobody was hurt, according to the evidence, yet this Negro was sent up for a long pen sentence. "These cases are selected at random from scores. How many fail to be brought to attention at all no one knows." *I The governors of Arkansas, South Carolina and Mississippi have released numbers of Negroes from penal institutions on the grounds of injustice in their sentences. THE COURTS. THE right of 560 Negroes to participate in the distribution of lands and funds belonging to the Cherokee Indians has been confirmed by the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. It involves property variously estimated as worth from $5,000,000 to $50,000,000. *&amp; The Mississippi Supreme Court has declared that the "Jim Crow" car law calls for separate sleeping-car accommodations for white and colored people. The case has been appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States. *I The Oklahoma Court of Appeals has declared that the Negroes cannot be excluded from the jury on account of color, but that those who are disfranchised cannot serve. A FRIEND. FOR twenty-three years Nellie B. Adams, a white daughter of the State of Maine, has lived at Atlanta University as the wife of the dean. She was a keen, capable New England worker, quick in word and deed, and devoted to the colored people not by THE LATE MRS. N. B. ADAMS. theory, but by a life full of friendships. As she herself wrote on her last journey in the world concerning pessimists: "No matter what local conditions have produced your own particular brand of this microbe, a sure and permanent cure has been found. The remedy is so agreeable that you MEN OF THE MONTH will wish to continue it indefinitely. This is the prescription: go and visit Atlanta University graduates and former students and your cure will be so thorough that you will cease to believe the disease ever existed. "We at the university know that those who studied here in past years are doing good work and still love their school, but there is a difference between knowing and seeing. After twenty-three years of knowing from report it has been my privilege to come personally into contact with some of the Atlanta University people in their own homes and work. "Al l over the South there are just such groups of Atlanta University people; there are also the places where one or two are working bravely and carrying heavy burdens. I have always known this, but now I have seen and felt it. Let anybody who ever gets discouraged about Atlanta University, or about the ultimate outcome of the big problem that we are trying to help solve, drop everything and take a trip to visit former students of the school. He will return home, so inspired by their cheerfulness and courage, their devotion to their work, their love for alma mater and loyalty to the principles for which she stands, that he will surely never be discouraged again." Mrs. Adams was born in 1860, married in 1884 and died at Atlanta University June 27, 1912. A WRITER. JAMES W. JOHNSON, United States consul in Nicaragua, and recently transferred to the Azores, is one of the most promising figures in Negro-American literature. His poem on emancipation in the New York Times is only the latest of a series of writings which show true poetic feeling and grasp of the English language. Mr. Johnson has had a varied career. He was born in Florida forty-two years ago, and graduated 172 TH E CRISIS at Atlanta University. Together with his gifted brother, the musician, he came to New York and wrote the words to many a lilting song that set the world a-dancing. He then turned to more serious writing, studied at Columbia, and his work began to appear in the Independent and the Century. He accepted political office in order to have more leisure to write, and has in recent years prepared two volumes for publication, one of which might almost be called epoch making. Mr. Johnson married Miss Grace Nail, of New York City. A SCHOOL TEACHER. THE recent appointment of Garnet Crum mel Wilkinson as principal of the Armstrong Manual Training School, in the District of Columbia, brings another colored educator to the front. Mr. Wilkinson is a native of South Carolina, where he was born in 1879. He received his education in Wash THE HON. JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. ington and at Oberlin, where he took his bachelor's degree in 1902. He has been a outside the schoolroom. He represents a teacher in the Washington schools since that type of young, clean Negro, well trained and year and has been prominent in activities well bred, and ready to help in all good work. FATHER, FATHER ABRAHAM By JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Father, Father Abraham, To-day look on us from above; On us, the offspring of thy faith, The children of thy Christlike love. For that which we have humbly wrought, Give us to-day thy kindly smile; Wherein we've failed or fallen short, Bear with us, Father, yet a while. Father, Father Abraham, To-day we lift our hearts to thee, Filled with the thought of what great price Was paid, that we might ransomed be. To-day we consecrate ourselves Anew in hand and heart and brain, To send this judgment down the years The ransom was not paid in vain. Father, Father Abraham, To-day send on us from above A blessing of thy gentle strength, Of thy large faith, of thy deep love. Opinion  EMANCIPATION. , , . . .. James W . Johnson had a long and interesting poem in the New York Times of January 2, which ends with these words: No! Stand erect and without fear, And for our foes let this suffice— We've bought a rightful sonship here, And we have more than paid the price. And yet, my brothers, well 1 know The tethered feet, the pinioned wings, The spirit bowed beneath the blow, The heart grown faint from wounds and stings; The staggering force of brutish might, That strikes and leaves us stunned and dazed; The long, vain waiting through the night To hear some voice, for justice raised. Full well I know the hour when hope Sinks dead, and 'round us everywhere Hangs stifling darkness, and we grope With hands uplifted in despair. Courage! Look out, beyond and see The far horizon's beckoning span! Faith in your God-known destiny! We are a part of some great plan. Because the tongues of Garrison And Phillips now are cold in death, Think you their work can be undone? Or quenched the fires lit by their breath? Think you that John Brown's spirit stops? That Lovejoy was but idly slain? Or do you think those precious drops From Lincoln's heart were shed in vain? That for which millions prayed and sighed, That for which tens of thousands fought, For which so many freely died, God cannot let it come to naught. Perhaps the most notable utterance on the jubilee of emancipation comes from the Congregationalist. When we remember that a few years ago the Congregalionalist was edited by one of the most contemptible dough faces that the North has bred in modern days, it is all the more reassuring to have from the new editors this splendid editorial. "On the Negro and the Nation," which we quote in full: "Fifty years ago President Lincoln proclaimed emancipation for the Southern slaves. Upon that New Year's Day four million black folk saw the golden gates of opportunity swing to their hand. The nation placed the Negro and the white man upon the same plane of citizenship, pledged equal protection for equal rights of life, liberty, property and the pursuit of happiness. That was the white man's pledge. The Negro, upon entering the compact, assumed all the obligations of citizenship, swore fealty to our common country, pledged obedience to its laws and shouldered his share of taxation and of civic and military service. That was the Negro's pledge. "How have the pledges been kept? "Ignorant, debased and defiled as a race by slavery, the Negro made his start. Here and there a helping hand has grasped his own, but where one has helped a thousand have discouraged and hindered his progress. With marvelous courage, optimism and faith in God he has pressed on, and never in all history has a race made such progress in a half century. The worthy things that his detractors said the, Negro could not do he has done. An d the unworthy things predicted of him he has avoided as successfully as the white man. It has been well said by Judge Wendell P. Stafford, of the District of Columbia Supreme Court, that 'the black race in less than fifty years of freedom has justified every claim of the Abolitionists. It has shown itself brave in battle, faithful in business, eager to learn, capable of acquiring and controlling wealth and able to produce noble, far-seeing leaders of its own blood.' "During the past fifty years the Negro race in America has increased from four million to ten million souls. Negroes have established great schools, have become the chief agricultural producers of the South, have acquired millions of property and have achieved success in every profession and calling. Statistics show that a larger proportion of Negroes in Virginia own their homes than of white people in Massachusetts. In Mississippi and Louisiana are more Negro farm TH E CRISIS owners than white. Throughout the country there are over a third more white paupers per thousand of population than Negro, and the largest percentage of crime is committed by white men. "The most bitter hatred and the most devilish retribution are meted out to the black man whose brutal lust leads him to attack white women. But the brutal lust of the white man invades the Negro's home, ruins colored girls by the thousands, and there is hardly a protest from the race that esteems itself superior. In his childhood of freedom and citizenship the Negro has made the mistakes of childhood. But against this are the splendid successes of the rising race as it gains education and finds opportunity. "In casting up accounts on this semi-centennial we behold to the shame of our nation that fifteen Southern States where the Negro is most numerous have resorted to contemptible subterfuges to exclude the colored citizen from the polls, even the most cultured, able and virtuous, while admitting to full rights of citizenship the most ignorant, inferior and vicious white men. The Negro is taxed for the support of a government in which he is refused a voice, to pay for schools in which he does not receive his fair opportunity, for the maintenance of public parks from which he is excluded. And railroad companies, for the same fare that the white man pays, force the black man into a 'Jim Crow' car, dirty and cheap, while the white man rides in wholesome comfort. A similar injustice is found in the waiting rooms.- In the North the field of industrial opportunity for the Negro is being steadily restricted. No words can express the inhumanity which has condoned the lynching without trial of sixty to one hundred colored men each year during the past generation. "Al l this injustice has not been because the Negro was ignorant or poor or vicious, but because he was a Negro, because of the race prejudice which has outlived the institution of slavery under which it began. What becomes of the pledges made by our great nation and who has broken faith—the Negro or the white man? As citizens of this Republic, as members of the Christian church, we are face to face with a serious problem in which we have a personal responsibility. If democracy is to be an enduring form of government, if any man is to be secure in the inherent rights of manhood and in the political rights of free government, there must be security for all men under that government. If the Constitution continues to be defied and made a mockery in South Carolina, it will one day crumble in Massachusetts and Illinois. "If justice for an oppressed race were the only issue, every Christian white man in America should spring forward to right the wrong. But all that is best in American institutions is at stake. The church in America is on trial. There is less danger from the Bleases and Vardamans and Till-mans, whose verbal violence and brutality defeat their own ends, than from indifference of the men of influence, culture, scholarship and Christian profession, North and South, who do not help to remove this blight upon our national life. "We have faith in the white man; we have faith in the Negro; we have faith in the future of democracy and of America. But we cannot safely remain indifferent. The Negro problem is our problem and, while demanding of the black man industry, virtue and good citizenship, we must give him justice and opportunity. We must have just laws and enforce them impartially. If suffrage be restricted—and it should be restricted—we must bar all who are unfit and them only. We must educate all and give proper place to the ablest and best. "During the observance of this anniversary season we need a new vision of the fatherhood of God, a new consecration to human brotherhood the world around, a new recognition of the inherent rights of man for his manhood, regardless of color or race history, a new appraisal of every man on his merits; we need a new birth of Christian love, which shall put an end to cant about superior and inferior races and overlordship, and square all human relations by the Golden Rule of the Master." The Philadelphia North American, in a long leading editorial, says: "That giant of intellect, Frederick Douglass, foreshadowed the progress of his race before its shackles had been struck off. The list of its eminent men in our own day tells something of the story. And yet we would not rest its claims on its painters, such as Tanner, or its poets, such as Dunbar, or even on its great teachers, such as Booker Washington. But rather on the solid, steady, substantial achievements of its humbler men and women in agriculture and OPINION 175 industry and the useful arts. The increase in the material wealth of the colored man is one of the marvels of the age. And he has the honorable distinction of the fact that the wealth he has is the wealth he has created by his own labor, skill and intelligence. "It is this race that is now entering a second and a larger freedom. As half a century ago it ceased to be an industrial chattel, so now under a new and wise leader ship it shows that it intends to be no longer a political chattel. "It is a happy sign that the fiftieth anniversary of Lincoln's proclamation finds the race reaching out for that genuine political freedom which Lincoln would have given it, ' not only for the sake of the race itself, but because he recognized that the political and industrial liberties of the white race must inevitably be influenced by the degree of industrial and political liberty shared by the black man who dwells within our gates." Out of the West comes Archbishop Ireland's protest against color prejudice: "Color is a mere incident. Children of God have as much right to be pleased with one color as another, and to think in this case that we are better only shows our silli ness and our ignorance. Against this ridiculous prejudice Catholics are banded to protest most strongly and continuously. "When that prejudice enters into a mind there is no true Catholicity, and I am anxious that the white Catholics will agree with me in this matter. "This prejudice exists only in America, and it is the only country where there should be no prejudice, because it is the country for the equality of men, the prime doctrine of the Constitution, but one class did not live up to it and made one class servants of another. Fortunately this did not last, and all were put on the same level. Yet many whites remain non-American, but wherever the Catholic Church has sway this prejudice has been wiped away." Even from the South there comes in the Alabama Baptist some heart searching: "Who are they? The Negroes. Is any class of persons nearer to the Southern Baptists? Next-door neighbors? Why, they are indoor neighbors! They not only till our lands and man our factories and public works, but they live in our homes. They have fed us, by what they produce and by what they cook, as they did our fathers before us. They are intimately implicated in the very texture of our social fabric. They nurse our children and create in no inconsiderable measure the very atmosphere that they breathe in the plastic period of life. The Negro race constitutes the rough foundation upon which our economic structure rests. If taken away suddenly and completely, the South would be improverished and brought into a desolation more appalling than that which came to us after the besom of a civil war had swept away our fortunes. This race of laborers is the trellis upon which our commercial prosperity is growing luxuriant and fruitful. Tear it down, and the vine will riot and rot on our neglected fields." EDUCATION. The Saturday Evening Post has an editorial on "The Foreclosed": "Illiteracy as measured by the census— meaning inability to write—has fallen below eight per cent, of inhabitants ten years of age and upward, the whole number of illiterates being only 5,500,000, as against over 6,000,000 in 1900. Of white native-born children between ten and fourteen years of age less than two per cent, are illiterate. Among all white children, native and foreign born, the percentage of illiteracy decreased almost one-half in ten years. "So far that looks very well; but the further figures from which optimism derives comfort seem to us rather dubious. About forty per cent, of all illiterates are colored, and among Negro children from ten to fourteen years of age eighteen per cent, are unable to write. True, there was a great gain in the census period, the whole number of colored illiterates falling by more than 600,000 and ' the proportion of illiterate children declining from almost a third to below one-fifth; but that it is still almost a fifth is a great reproach to the country and a very material handicap. "The child who is unable to write at fourteen is virtually foreclosed. Between him and opportunity stands a dead wall that only very extraordinary luck or ability will enable him to scale. Probably his children will start at a heavy disadvantage. Two million illiterate Negroes make as bad an item on the national balance sheet as twenty-five bushels of corn to the acre on land capable of producing fifty." TH E CRISIS The New York Evening Post shows the reason for Negro illiteracy: "When you are told that a thing cost $1.98 you inevitably think of the bargain-counter; but when that is the sum named as the average amount expended in the State of South Carolina, during the year 1912, for the education of each of the Negro children in the public schools, you are not inclined to smile. There is a trace of comfort in the circumstance that, small as this amount is, it is greater by 27 cents—sixteen per cent.!— than the corresponding amount for 1911. It is easy to imagine both the quality and the quantity of the education provided through the laying out of this pittance. The expenditure in each of the separate counties is specified in the report of the State superintendent, and from this it appears that two counties— Berkeley and Pickens— are neck and neck in the race to bring the figure down as near to zero as possible, Berkeley standing at 25 cents and Pickins at 24. We find the table, and accompanying statements, in a Columbia dispatch to the Augusta Chronicle; apparently, these infinitesimal amounts represent the total outlay, though possibly there is some subvention by the State which is not taken into account. If so, it is certainly very small; and the showing is most discreditable to South Carolina. The average expenditure for the white school children is $13.02, and the lowest in any one county is $6.93." The Pittsburgh Dispatch comments on the attitude of the South toward ignorance: "It is interesting and instructive to learn that the hope of Louisiana that it could get rid of the 'grandfather clause,' or hereditary privilege of illiterate suffrage, after a lapse of time has proved unfounded. Therefore Louisiana has amended its constitution so as to extend that questionable privilege for another term of years. "The Louisianians were not proud of their 'grandfather clause' when they adopted it. But they conceived it a political necessity to enfranchise white illiteracy while disfranchising Negro illiteracy. So, adopting the still more unrepublican subterfuge of establishing a hereditary political right, they gave it life for but fourteen years. 'It was believed,' says the New Orleans Times-Democrat, 'that this provision would give a stimulus to the cause of education and that every white boy would insist upon such schooling as would enable him to sign his name and ultimately to vote. It is generally to be regretted in the cause of education that this warning was unheeded, and that the bars had to be let down again last month for the new army of white illiterates who have grown up in the last fourteen years in spite of what has been done to give them a schooling.' "But the fourteen years are past, and the power of white ignorance is so great that it must be extended; which was done. Comment on the fact would be painting the lily." From Virginia, too, comes protest. We learn that at a recent meeting of colored people Judge John A . Buchanan, of the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia, condemned the disfranchisement of the Negro in Virginia. • He attacked the conduct of the officers in executing the provision of the new constitution and not the law. "The black man of Virginia had better be worthy to vote and still be disfranchised than to be as the white man who was given the vote and sold it," said Judge Buchanan. Now and then we hear an excuse for the fact that Negro schools are so poor, but on the whole the most curious excuse is that given by the Houston (Tex.) Post in a long editorial: "The State of Texas gives to the Negro child the same allotment per capita of scholastic population that it does the whites, but of the $1,250,000 or more that is allotted for the training of Negro children, a large sum is diverted to the white schools. "Why? Because so many Negro parents are indifferent to the training of their children. In the counties having a large Negro population there are thousands of Negro children who never attend school, and this very fact retards the progress of such schools as have been established." OPPRESSION. We confess to great sympathy with Congressman Tribble of Georgia. Tribble sees the shadow of an awful shape in President Taft's attempt to put fourth-class postmasters under civil-service rules. Says Tribble with thrilling accents: "I desire to join my colleague from Georgia, Mr. Bartlett, in his protest against civil-service examination for fourth-class postmasters. I feel that I am especially justified in raising my voice against this executive order, because if there ever was an officially Negro-ridden town it is the city of Athens, Ga., where I live. I have seriously considered the civil-service proposition as ap OPINION 177 plied to postoffices, and I see danger in the proposition. If you will analyze this order and its requirements you will find that the examination under the civil-service order will place in the fourth-class postoffices in the South, as well as in other parts of the United States, many Negroes. They will stand the examinations and take their places at win dows of small country and village postoffices. I want to say to you here to-day that the people of this country will not stand for it." Think of it, proud Southerners compelled actually to go into examinations with Negroes, and not only going into the examinations, but being incontinently beaten. It is more than human patience can bear! Tribble proceeds: ''This order becomes odious to my people the very moment that Negroes stand examinations for postoffice positions. Every man in this house would join in this fight to defeat this order if it placed you in the situation it places me. I know from experience the humiliation of Negro officeholders, and I warn you here to-day of danger in the enforcement of that order. For sixteen years, since my sojourn in Athens, there have been Negroes in the postoffice of that classic city, and during twelve years of that time there was a Negro postmaster. In this city the State university is located, and there are over 1,000 students. To-day nearly every carrier in that city is a Negro. White people will not stand the examinations and compete with the Negro carriers." Evidently something must be done. We might, for instance, let the Texans take hold. Governor Colquitt has just been looking into some of their methods and the Houston Chronicle reports: "It is impossible to secure an efficient and sensible administration of justice where the fee system offers a reward for the conviction of persons charged with crime. It has happened that innocent persons have been convicted because a string of fees stretches from the moment of arrest until the defendant is punished. "Negroes have returned from the cotton fields with their hard-earned money only to be charged with crime and subjected to the fee-system drag. There are communities in Texas where a Negro imperils his liberty if it gets out that he has as much as $50 or $100." This is the civil service for which Tribble's heart yearns. MUSIC From the program of the Philharmonic Society of New York we clip the following concerning Dvorak's symphony, "From the New World": "There has been much discussion as to the origin of the themes of this symphony; some, taking their cue from the composer's well-known attitude toward Negro folk music, asserted that all the thematic material was derived from Negro plantation songs; others took exactly the opposite view of the matter and said that the music was entirely Bohemian in character and that none of the music remotely resembled either the Negro melodies themselves or the Foster minstrel melodies. Mr. Krehbiel, who has made a special study of the subject, justly remarks: 'As a matter of fact, that which is most characteristic, most beautiful and most vital in our folk song has come from the Negro slaves of the South, partly because those slaves lived in the period of emotional, intellectual and social development which produces folk songs, partly because they lived a life that prompted utterance in song, and partly because as a race the Negroes are musical by nature. Being musical and living a life that had in it romantic elements of pleasure as well as suffering, they give expression to those elements in songs, which reflect their original nature as modified by their American environment. Dr. Dvorak, to whom music is a language, was able quickly to discern the characteristics of the new idiom and to recognize its availability and value. He recognized, too, what his critics forgot, that that music is entitled to be called characteristic of a people which gives the greatest pleasure to the largest fraction of a people. It was therefore a matter of indifference to him whether the melodies which make the successful appeal were cause or effect; in either case they were worthy of his attention.'" THE LATE DR. CRUM. The Columbia State has this interesting psychological study  in the shape of an editorial on the late collector of the port of Charleston: "W. D. Crum, lately minister of the United States in Liberia and sometime collector of the port of Charleston, was a Negro of uncommon character. President Roosevelt appointed him collector against the protest of the white people of Charleston, an act for which there was no excuse, and in the doing TH E CRISIS of which the President was held by the principal spokesmen of the city to have broken faith with them. Strenuous efforts were made to prevent Crum's confirmation, but they failed, and one of the reasons was that Crum's reputation as a man of good deportment was unimpeachable. No charges of any weight could be brought against him. "In the conduct of the office of collector, Dr. Crum exhibited remarkable discretion, tact and common sense. For example, when a foreign warship was in port and it was the duty of its commander or other officer to call at the custom house, the collector was usually absent, leaving a white deputy to represent him. We have heard various incidents related illustrating his good sense and delicacy, and it is certain that while he was collector he was careful to avoid anything that would cause embarrassment to white people. B y profession he was a physician and had a considerable practice among the people of his race. "His acceptance of the office of collector was, of course, of no benefit to his race, as it aroused race prejudice. Had he declined it when the white people raised their protest, the declination would have brought him distinction and would have been a higher testimonial to the capacity of a Negro to solve a delicate situation than any sort of conduct of the office could have been, but it is only just to say that in the office he bore himself in a manner that commended him highly to the community, however objectionable to it was the occupancy of the office by a Negro." THE NEGRO AT WORK. We append three quotations without comment. First an editorial from the New York Evening Post: "One of the strange inconsistencies in the South's treatment of the Negro is revealed by the appearance before Governor Brown, of Georgia, of white men to protest against the driving of the Negroes out of six counties in that State. It seems that there is a sort of K u Klux at work, posting notices at night which warn all the colored people to leave or suffer terrible punishments. As a result many of them are going, and one of the men who called on the governor—but dared not give his name—thus described the terrible consequences of the flight: 'If something is not done to check this exodus * * * our wives and daughters will soon be put to the necessity of doing the cooking, washing and performing other menial labor. In addition, the farmers will suffer greatly, for they will be deprived of field hands.' Not one word, of course, about the victims of the outrage, of their loss and suffering in having to abandon homes and property and flee for safety. The sole consideration of importance is that the wives and daughters of prosperous whites may be without servants and the farmers without farm hands. Now, we all know that the Negro is the worst possible servant and farm-hand, that he is the curse of the South because of his criminal nature and general worthlessness. Ought he, then, not to be driven out at once, in order that Georgia may surely be a white man's country and the way be cleared for foreign immigration? Again, we are always told that the South would know exactly how to settle the Negro problem if it were only let alone. But here it is in two hostile camps, one saying that the Negro must go and the other that he must stay. And Governor Brown actually suggests as a remedy a law forbidding Georgians to terrify into leaving their homes people whose color • or methods of living they do not like." To this we add a clipping from the Charlotte Observer: "Just what a colored man can do on the farm if he is diligent and painstaking was strikingly attested yesterday when Sam Powell, one of the most" highly respected colored citizens of Paw Creek, sold on the Charlotte market thirteen bales of cotton for which he received a check for $1,086. He likewise disposed of 400 bushels of seed for $1.50 a bushel, or $600. Eight bales brought 18 cents a pound and five bales 17 cents. The cotton was that of the Lewis long staple variety, the staple approximating one and three-eighth inches in length. These thirteen bales were grown on a field of thirteen acres, Powell averaging a bale to the acre on this tract. His sale yesterday aggregated $1,686, or an average of $130 to the acre. "Powell is one of the leading colored farmers of the county. He is well read, subscribes to several papers, including the Daily Observer, and is a great believer in intensive farming. His success in other lines of agriculture in addition to cotton growing has been in keeping with his success there. Powell raises his own supplies at home and sells enough every year to more than pay for his expenses. Seed selection, careful tillage OPINION 179 of the soil and a diligent attention to the growing crop are among his strong points." The last clipping is from a letter in the Charleston Post. The writer is complaining of the Negro tenant in South Carolina and says: "Now on the adjacent mainland things are in somewhat better shape. New men came in and grasped the situation; they moved the Negro bodily out—that is, they took away all the planting land, selling him just a piece of non-arable land to build a house on, made him a fixture thereby, and eliminated him as a competitor altogether. The consequence is that the Negro has accepted the situation, gets his money every Saturday night, is better clothed and better fed than his sea island neighbor, just across the river, who goes into the farce of farming, of which he has no scientific knowledge, makes way with half he makes, that is under lien to some factor, and erstwhile listens to the agitators of his race, who advise him 'Noffer wuk fer Buckra.' "The question comes in then: Why do you all not do the same on the island as the white men on the mainland did? "No doubt this action would help greatly, but it would be harder to accomplish here, as so much land is owned by them, or by aliens, who have not the interest of the community at heart. "Therefore to bring about the needed change: "The factor must cease to advance the Negro. "The white man of the country must deprive him of planting land, as much for the Negro's good as for his own." FROM THE COLORED PRESS. "After a good deal of effort we are gradually getting to the point where the most dignified and responsible publications in the United States are beginning to capitalize the word 'Negro' just the same as they do the words 'Jew' and 'Irish.' Both the Outlook and the Century Magazine have recently decided hereafter to spell the word 'Negro' with a capital 'N. ' This we think is a distinct victory. We hope that publications like the Independent and the New York Evening Post will soon follow the Outlook and Century."—New York Age. "The optimistic Negro boasts continually of seeing the bright side of the picture of life. If a Negro is burned alive in the South, 'Oh, well,' he says, 'such outrages will only urge the Negro to make more rapid progress.' This optimistic fellow makes no estimate of (ho extent to which such brutality will depress and discourage the Negro. He agrees with Booker Washington that slavery was a blessing. So is hell a blessing. So is the devil a blessing. But, nevertheless, we ask for none of it for ourselves. You are called a pessimist if you predict that a house that is all aflame will burn down. The optimist leans altogether on God. He expects God to build his houses, chop his wood and fry his steak. God helps those who help themselves, and no man can reasonably expect assistance in doing a work when he himself is endowed with the capacity necessary to do that work himself. 'Hope deferred maketh the heart sick,' but hope deferred and crushed a thousand times, instead of making the heart sick awakens in some new hopes looking toward impossible realization. It is this elastic, redundant and overboiling human nature that too easily contents the Negro and barely sustains the dog-trot pace of our existence. We must learn to cry out, to make complaints, like the revolutionary fathers did, to send in our remonstrance to the throne—the throne of our human government as well as the throne of Grace. 'Hereditary bondmen, know ye not who would be free himself must strike the blow?' "You must demand your rights. You must strike for your rights. You must insist or you will be stripped and rendered powerless."—St. Louis Advance. " 'Jim. Crow' laws are for the purpose of herding Negroes together in any and every public place and conveyance; and in certain residential localities. "But here is a thing which seems so weak and childish in the Negro in all segregated localities: He is compelled by law to live within certain restricted limits; but when you pass through these 'Jim Crow' sections inhabited by Negroes, in any Southern town or city, you will find upon nearly every corner a white man or a white woman keeping some sort of store, or scattered thickly throughout the entire Negro residential section. "Why do we continue to support these white stores in these segregated districts? Since we are forced by law, whether legal or illegal, to live herded together, why do we still enrich the very folks who pen us up like cattle in a pen?"—St. Luke's Herald. EDITORIAL INTERMARRIAGE. FEW groups of people are forced by their situation into such cruel dilem mas as American Ne groes. Nevertheless they must not allow anger or personal resentment to dim their clear vision. Take, for instance, the question of the intermarrying of white and black folk; it is a question that colored people seldom discuss. It is about the last of the social problems over which they are disturbed, because they so seldom face it in fact or in theory. Their problems are problems of work and wages, of the right to vote, of the right to travel decently, of the right to frequent places of public amusement, of the right to public security. White people, on the other hand, for the most part profess to see but one problem : '' Do you want your sister to marry a Nigger?" Sometimes we are led to wonder if they are lying about their solicitude on this point; and if they are not, we are led to ask why under present laws anybody should be compelled to marry any person whom she does not wish to marry? This brings us to the crucial question: so far as the present advisability of intermarrying between white and colored people in the United States is concerned, both races are practically in complete agreement. Colored folk marry colored folk and white marry white, and the exceptions are very few. Why not then stop the exceptions? For three reasons: physical, social and moral. 1. For the physical reason that to prohibit such intermarriage would be publicly to acknowledge that black blood is a physical taint—a thing that no decent, self-respecting black man can be asked to admit. 2. For the social reason that if two full-grown responsible human beings of any race and color propose to live together as man and wife, it is only social decency not simply to allow, but to compel them to marry. Let those people who have yelled themselves purple in the face over Jack Johnson just sit down and ask themselves this question : Granted that Johnson and Miss Cameron proposed to live together, was it better for them to be legally married or not? We know what the answer of the Bourbon South is. We know that they would rather uproot the foundations of decent society than to call the consorts of their brothers, sons and fathers their legal wives. We infinitely prefer the methods of Jack Johnson to those of the brother of Governor Mann of Virginia. 3. The moral reason for opposing laws against intermarriage is the greatest of all: such laws leave the colored girl absolutely helpless before the lust of white men. It reduces colored women in the eyes of the law to the position of dogs. Low as the white girl falls, she can compel her seducer to marry her. If it were proposed to take this last defense from poor white working girls, can you not hear the screams of the "white slave" defenders? What have these people to say to laws that propose to create in the United States 5,000,000 women, the ownership of whose bodies no white man is bound to respect? EDITORIAL Note these arguments, my brothers and sisters, and watch your State legislatures. This winter will see a determined attempt to insult and degrade us by such non-intermarriage laws. We must kill them, not because we are anxious to marry white men's sisters, but because we are determined that white men shall let our sisters alone. "CUTS" AND "WRITE-UPS." KINDLY inform me what will be your price to publish my cut and a brief write-up." TH E CRISIS receives so many requests like this that we are going to answer all with these emphatic statements: 1. The news columns of TH E CRISIS are not for sale. 2. The news columns of no honest, reputable periodical are for sale. 3. No honest man who realizes what he is doing will ask a reputable periodical to sell him space anywhere except in the plainly marked advertising section. 4. The dishonesty of foisting paid matter on readers as news lies in the fact that the reader can never know whether a person or deed is commended because of its real worth or because somebody had money enough to pay for flattery. 5. So far as TH E CRISIS is concerned, the public may be absolutely certain that whenever a person is commended in our columns, the reason therefor is that in the editor's judgment (poor and fallible as it may be) the person deserves commendation. In no single case has any article appeared in TH E CRISIS because of any consideration, monetary or otherwise, expressed or implied; and this will continue to be the case as long as THE CRISIS is under the present management. 6. The public is not wholly to be blamed for not understanding clearly this code of ethics. Periodicals of all kinds are continually selling their influence and columns for direct or indirect bribery; among colored papers two widely circulated weeklies are openly and notoriously for sale; there is no person or project which. cannot at any time, for money, buy in their columns prominent mention or editorial support. Under such circumstances it is natural that some men should assume that all periodicals devoted to the colored race have a similar code of morals. This is not true of THE CRISIS and it is not true of scores of other colored papers. We may be poor and struggling, but we have not yet lost our self-respect. 7. There are, of course, many practices that approach the border line of debatable action in the matter of news and editorials. Suppose a man wishes a hundred copies of the number in which his cut appears? Suppose an advertiser is worth mention as a man? Suppose that the periodical will undoubtedly be helped by giving timely notice to some man or measure? Here is dangerous borderland, but the narrow way is clear and straight. The editor must ask: (a) Is the matter news ? (6) Is the man commendable outside all considerations? If the answers are "yes," then the article should go in; if not it should stay out. This is our code of editorial ethics. We commend it to our brother editors. We especially commend it to those who pester our souls with requests like the above. It is a good policy. In the end it pays. CONTRIBUTIONS. WE want every reader of TH E CRISIS to send us news of the darker races. We do not want social notes, or essays, or biographies, or general description. We do want facts, directly and simply told, showing: 1. What colored folk are actually doing. 2. Just what discriminations they suffer. 1863—EMANCIPATION—THE THIRD GENERATION—1913 THE CRISIS If you look in our '' Color Line'' notes and "Opinion" you will see the kind of facts we want. Such facts are difficult to gather. The regular news associations do not publish them, the colored papers miss half of them, and despite the fact that we spend over $500 a year, we do not get as complete a picture of colored life in America as we wish. Wil l you help us ? Search your local papers for notes and editorials; note occurrences; let nothing slip. We may not be able to write you a letter of thanks and we may not always use your matter, but we shall appreciate the service just the same. This leads us to say a word in answer to hundreds of inquiries: Yes, TH E CRISIS wants contributions; it wants news notes, it wants articles, it wants stories, it wants poems. But TH E CRISIS has a standard. News notes must be news notes and not thinly concealed "puffs." Articles must be written in the king's English and must say something. We do not want rambling thoughts and opinions; we want information—good solid information, illustrated by facts and pictures. We write our own editorials. They might be improved, we admit. But we insist on writing them. Again, articles must be timely. A good Washington woman sent us a note for the January CRISIS on December 27. On that day the January CRISIS, printed and bound, was being mailed to subscribers. Yes, we want stories; but do you know what a story is, and can you write one? Believe us, it is no easy job. Most people who try it fail. This is natural. You would not start out to make your first dress to-day and sell it to John Wanamaker to-morrow? No. Well, we have reason to know that story writing is more difficult than dressmaking and less liable to success. We are willing to read your first attempts, but be sure and send postage for return mailing. And poetry. Honestly, until we sat in this chair, we never dreamed that there were so many people who imagined they could write poetry. Of all forms of writing, poetry is the most subtle and difficult. Yet we receive day after day, and month after month, reams of the most amazing drivel which we are asked to publish. We are getting so that the sight of lines of uneven length on a written page calls for strong self-control. The attempt to write poetry, like measles, is a disease we all must have; but the attempt to publish such stuff— to inflict it on an innocent and unsuspecting public—that is the unforgivable sin. Wherefore send your poetry if you must, but we shall remain firm, planted with our back to the wall, and our grim visage front forward to defend our readers, and at the same time discern the occasional—oh, very occasional—gem. So, in fine, we want contributions, but we want them good. BLESSED DISCRIMINATION. A GOOD friend sends us this word: As an optimist of THE CRISIS persuasion, I find myself more or less frequently engaged in arguments on the eternal race question. Here is an argument I am often called upon to meet: "Ji m Crow " laws make us save money; discrimination makes us appreciate and patronize our own; segregation gives our business men a chance; separate schools give our girls and boys something to work for. Possibly there are many doubtful minds who would be benefited by a word from you on this subject through the columns of THE CRISIS. There is no doubt that colored people travel less than they otherwise would, on account of "Jim Crow" cars, and thus have this money to spend otherwise. There is no doubt that thousands of Negro business enterprises have been built up on account of discrimination against colored folks in drug stores, grocery stores, insurance societies and daily papers. In a sense TH E CRISIS is capitalized race prejudice.. There is not the slightest doubt but that separate school systems, by giving colored children their own teachers and a sense of racial pride, are enabled to keep more colored children in school and EDITORIAL take them through longer courses than mixed systems. The 100,000 Negroes of Baltimore have 600 pupils in the separate high school; New York, with a larger colored population, has less than 200 in its mixed high schools. Therefore discrimination is a veiled blessing? It is not, save in a few exceptional cases. Take the "Jim Crow" car; is the money saved or merely diverted? Is it diverted to better things than travel or to worse? A s a matter of fact separate cars and parks and public insult have driven Negro amusements indoors, and the result is tuberculosis and pneumonia; they have deprived colored people of the civilization of public contact, and that is an almost irreparable loss. Take our business enterprises; they are creditable and promising, but they are compelled to set a lower standard of efficiency than that recognized in the white business world. Our business men must grope in the dark after methods; our buyers do not know how to buy and our clerks do not know how to sell; our banks do not know how to invest, and our insurance societies, with few exceptions, do not know what modern insurance means. We all know this, but whom do we blame? We blame ourselves. We carp and sneer and criticise among ourselves at "colored" enterprises and declare that we can always tell a "colored" store or a "colored" paper by its very appearance. This is not fair. It is cruel and senseless injustice. Negro enterprises conform to a lower standard not because they want to, but because they must. Color prejudice prevents us from training our children and our men to the same standards as those set for the surrounding white world. The colored boy can learn servility, but he is not allowed to learn business methods; colored men learn how to sweep the floor of a bank, but cannot learn the A B C of modern investments; the colored industrial school does not teach modern machine methods, but old and outworn handwork or decadent trades and medieval conditions. The result is that our business men are not the travelers of a broad and beaten path, but wanderers in a wilderness. Considering their opportunity, their fifty banks and tens of thousands of business enterprises and hundreds of thousands of dollars in industrial insurance are little short of marvelous. But to call the cruel discrimination that has misdirected effort, discouraged ability, murdered men and sent women to graves of sorrow—to call this an advantage is to misuse language. The open door of opportunity to colored persons, regardless of the accident of color, would have given us to-day $10 of invested capital where we have $1; and ten business men trained to the high and exact standard of modern efficiency where now we have one grim and battered survivor clinging to the ragged edge. Thank God for the dollar and the survivor, but do not thank Him for the discrimination. Thank the devil for that. We black people today are succeeding not because of discrimination, but in spite of it. Without it we would succeed better and faster, and they that deny this are either fools or hypocrites. The same thing is evident in education. Separate school systems give us more pupils but poorer schools. The 200 black high-school pupils in New York have the best high-school equipment in the land— beautiful buildings, costly laboratories, scores of the best teachers, books and materials, everything that money and efficiency can furnish; the Baltimore high school has to struggle in a building about half large enough for its work, with too few teachers and those at low salaries, and with a jealous public that grudges every cent the school has and wants to turn the whole machine into a factory for making servants for smart Baltimore. Al l honor to their teachers for the splendid work they do in spite of discrimination, but do not credit discrimination with the triumph; credit Mason Hawkins. 186 THE Turn to our newspapers. They are a sad lot, we grant you. But whose is the fault? How can they get trained men for their work? How can they get capital for their enterprise? How can they maintain for themselves and their readers a standard even as high as their white contemporaries, not to say higher ? Their workers are shut out from the staffs of white magazines and newspapers ; their readers are deprived of the education of social contact and their very writers are, through no fault of their own, illiterate. There lies on our desk this pitiful letter: Dear Editor of the Crisis New York. It would confure a great favor upon me. if the nessacery arrangment can be secured that i may constribet to your magazine Some of my origanal MS.S. and Poem, as i have joust Begain to Rite Short M.S.S i awaiteing you Reply Your truly. Shall we laugh at this or weep ? Who knows what this man might have done or said if the State of Florida had let him learn to read and write ? Shall we thank the God of Discrimination for planting literature in such soil or shall we hate it with perfect hatred ? No. Race discrimination is evil. It forces those discriminated against to a lower standard and then judges them by a higher. It demands that we do more with less opportunity than others do. It denies to present workers the accumulated experience of the past and compels them at fearful cost to make again the mistakes of the past. Out of this cruel grilling may and do come strong characters, but out of it also come- the criminal and the stunted, the bitter and the insane. One is just as much the fruit of the tree as the other. If in any place and time race hatred is so unreasoning and bitter that separate schools, cars and churches are inevitable, we must accept it. make the best of it and turn even its disadvantages to our advantage. But we must never forget that none of its possible advantages CRISIS can offset its miserable evils, or replace the opportunity, the broad education, the free competition and the generous emulation of free men in a free world. A LETTER TO A SOUTHERN WOMAN. (Who asked that her remarks on the Negro question be regarded as confidential.) MY DEAR MRS. X.: Of course I understood that all you said last week was said with the sense of security that comes from privacy and confidence; and, of course, I have respected this confidence, although I could not resist telling a few friends, in a general way, that I was much encouraged by the liberal outlook of many people whom I met while I was visiting the South. But I am really disappointed that I cannot say more. Is this not the South's most intimate tragedy—that its Bleases and Vardamans are permitted to utter their thoughts freely, while those who really represent the best thought of the South are forced to be silent ? How is the world to know that every one of you is not a Blease at heart, when your noblest hopes and thoughts never find a voice ? I know that the Abolitionists are anathema south of Mason and Dixon's line, but I wish that there were men like them there, who would dare to marshal the conscience of their fellows in utter disregard of their own careers and fortunes. A few fanatics, a few madmen "on the side of the angels," might give freedom to your twenty-five million people, and overshadow those fanatics who bring to you "No light, but rather darkness visible.'' I know you will understand the spirit in which I write these things. It is the thought of your own work, and that of your husband, that gives me the courage to say these things to you. Sincerely yours, J. E. SPINGARN. New York. January 2. 1913. THE REPRESENTATIVE A STORY—By VIRGIL COOKE JOHN R. TRAVIS was very much disturbed when his office boy informed him that Mr. Jones, the junior partner, was about to leave for the Charlton Club to play a game of golf. "Golf!" he thundered; "that is all he thinks about here of late, it's golf, golf, golf! Send him to me and tell him it is something of immediate importance." "Yes, sir," answered the boy as he hurried away upon his errand. Mr . Jones, when informed that he was wanted, made no effort to conceal his dis pleasure. He walked into the private office of his partner with a "'Well, what is it?" Travis pulled a chair. "Sit down a minute. I want to discuss that Brazilian proposition with you." "So you still have that in mind?" "Yes." "Better forget it," laughed the other. "Isn't there enough business nearer home we can get? South Americans have very few business relations with this country." "I know that, but why don't we Americans come in for a share of the South American commerce and business? England and Germany are all doing enormous business with Brazil, while we are idly looking on. This is our dull time here. Why not make a few thousand off the dagoes?" Jones smiled. "Yo u remember, of course, that we tried once; you made a special trip to Rio de Janeiro to put that deal through?" "That's just it " "But you didn't succeed, and you didn't seem talkative on just why you failed. That long trip should have brought results; it cost enough." "Jones," began Travis, "a few foolish remarks I made is the cause of our losing several thousand dollars. While in Rio de Janeiro I stopped at the Avenida. There I made the acquaintance of an Englishman, who was a very affable and agreeable man. One night he and I were in the cafe eating supper and telling of the various places we had visited when in walked a Negro, who seated himself not far from our table. I touched my companion on the arm. 'Do they allow that at this hotel?' I asked him. 'What?' he answered as he followed my him. He looked puzzled, but I informed him that his presence was disgusting to me. 'This is South America,' said the Englishman. 'I know that,' I answered him, 'but I could kick that Negro out of my sight,' and I didn't speak low either." Jones pulled out his watch. "Really, can't we finish this some other time?" His partner flushed with annoyance. "This is business, you understand." "Well, what next?" "The following day after my supper with the Englishman I had an appointment with one Senor L. Mario, chief of construction for the Brazilian Central Railroad. I arrived at his office and there before me was the Negro I had seen in the cafe at the hotel. 'Is this Senor Mario?' I asked him, somewhat surprised. He informed me that it was and also that he had decided not to sign the con tract for the building of those bridges." "Perhaps the Englishman wanted the contract himself and had peached," suggested Jones. V "No, that wasn't it, John; the Englishman turned out to be the general superintendent of the Brazilian Central. Well, I failed; but I have hit on a new plan. I've learned of a young Negro engineer who's sailing for Brazil to-day to try for a job under Mario. My plan is to offer him a good percentage if he'll represent us and land that job. He's black and he'll know how to jolly Mario." "What—a Negro to represent us in Rio?" "Why not? What difference, if he delivers the goods? Besides, we won't, of course, pay him as much as we would a white man. What do you say? The contract will clear us at least $25,000 at any reasonable figure." "Oh, go ahead if you want to, but deal with the darkey yourself, please; good-day, I'm off." A month passed. "Heard from your South American deal?" asked Jones one day suddenly as he spied a cablegram. "Yes," grunted Travis, and tossed him the yellow paper. It read: "Lost the contract, but got a job. Mario sends regards." Jones chuckled. gaze. 'Look at that black man,' I said to "Senor Mario has a good memory," he said. ABOLITION and FIFTY YEARS AFTER By STEPHEN S. WISE, Rabbi of the Free Synagogue, New York IF 1863 and emancipation were not worth while, neither was 1776 nor its Declaration of Indepen dence, nor yet Magna Charta. We are ready to consider the question whether emancipation was worth while, because we have not taken wholly to heart the response of Emerson to the statesman who called the Declaration of Independence a mass of glittering generalities—the response —not a glittering generality but a blazing-ubiquity. Emancipation could have come in no other way. One must needs sorrow for those who seek to detract from the fame of the Abilitionists led by William Lloyd Garrison; one pities their detractors. Emancipa tion was needed in order to redeem the promise of the Republic, even though the latter was veiled by the expediency, which dictated the framing of the Constitution. The American democracy and Negro slavery could not permanently co-exist. Our nation cannot forever exist if the white race be half enslaved by its prejudices and partisanships and the Negro race only half freed from its yoke. To the unjustly scorning critics of the Abilitionists be it said that Garrison was a no less noble figure than Robert Gould Shaw himself. Men rightly see noblest heroism in the deeds of the soldiers of the Civil War, and wrongly ignore the noble courage of those intrepid souls who fought the war for freedom during thirty long, terrible years before Gettysburg. Colonel Shaw went forth to battle and immortality amid the plaudits of Boston and the reverence of a nation, but Garrison fared forth unto his thirty years of resistless, withal weaponless, warfare amid the execrations of the mobs of his day. The speaker of the Harvard commemoration address of 1865 said of the men of Harvard and their kind, who had given their lives that the nation might live: "We shall not disparage America now that we have seen what men it will bear." This word might have been as truly spoken of the men whose moral might and spiritual genius had made emancipation possible, whose voice Abraham Lincoln was when he proclaimed emancipation. Have we really emancipated the Negro or merely abolished slavery? It is one thing to help a race to throw off its shackles and another thing to emancipate it unto perfect freedom. We have no more tried emancipation as yet than Christians have ever tried Christianity, or Jews experimented in the art of living by Judaism. Who will essay to judge the wisdom of emancipation after the brief term of fifty years? Moreover, in the despite of denying to the black race more than a tithe of the educational opportunity which is the daily portion of the white race, we yet presume to judge it, a newly emerged people, by the most rigorous of white men's standards, forgetting, as a gifted teacher of his own race has said, that the Negro began at the zero point with nothing to his credit but the crude physical discipline of slavery. The Negro has proved that he has fitness and capacity for education. In truth, he has shown a veritable passion for education, as is witnessed by the extraordinary decrease in Negro illiteracy within half a century. Education, moreover, has not demoralized the Negro. Happily for himself, the Negro has refuted the calumny that education is dangerous, invented apparently in order permanently to disable him on his upward march. Curiously the North blundered in fearing that education would for the first time in the history &lt;3f human striving unfit a race for life. Again, the States have not fairly and adequately provided educational opportunities for the Negro. The education which has moralized the Negro has unfitted him solely for a life of servitude. If it be sought to keep a race in permanent subjection, every educational opportunity must be sedulously withheld from it. If the Southern States cannot afford to give to the cause of Negro education more than one-third or one-quarter of the amount needed for this work, in order that the race may be led by teachers who are competent, educated and decently remunerated, and that the educational opportunities of the race be complete and diversified and serviceable, then it remains the business of the nation to step in and assume a portion of the burden which is explicably too heavy for the South to bear. Among the influences which have operated as against the rise of the Negro, and to make emancipation a thing of name rather than of fact, has been the rise in our own generation of the spirit of race consciousness, or rather of race consciousnesses, together with ABOLITION AND FIFTY YEARS AFTER the inevitable stress upon superiority and inferiority which race consciousness entails. In addition to a veritable madness of race boasting and race pride touching' the so-called meaner breeds, we have witnessed the rise of an almost morbid nationalism demanding, among other things, Germany for the Germans, Russia for the Slavs and America for the white race. This race apotheosis and national self-aggrandizement might have been ' successfully combatted if Garrison and Phillips had survived to do battle in the name of the internationalism which in these days is considered an obsolete sentimentality. The men of the North have no right to cast reproaches at the South touching its attitude to the Negro, even at its worst, seeing that the North has done no more for the Negro, and is doing no more, than to ignore him as though he were not, when it is not actually doing him injury and harm. The North has ceased to be ready to make sacrifices on behalf of humanitarian convictions, primarily because it has no convictions of its own. In the interest of fancied industrial relations and imaginary political peace, the North tolerates intolerable courses when it does not actually share in them. As long as the men and women of the North suffer the Negro race to live in utter isolation in our city and cities, to feel themselves shut out and despised, so long do we forfeit the right to deal with the injustices of the South to the Negro race. The outstanding fact in the field of relationship between the two races is the weakness, though not want of courage, of the few who recognize the wrong and the inhospitality of the multitude touching any protest against wrong, if wrong be done merely (!) to the Negro. We seem to have become tepid and indifferent touching the direst wrong if it be only the Negro who is its victim. We forget that the stronger race is more susceptible to moral damage than the weaker race. If the moral fibre of partially strong races be enfeebled, moral havoc is likely to result. Moreover, a political menace is involved, a menace to those members of the white race primarily in the South, but ultimately in the North as well, who are nearest to the Negro race in outward or economic circumstance. The rights of the poor white have already been assailed in the South in order in part to justify Negro proscription, and because of the ever growing desire of the strong to limit the powers of the weak. A nation may begin by assailing the rights of the fewest and weakest, but it will not end until it holds lightly the rights of all save the fewest and strongest. We may deny justice to the Negro, we may withhold from him elementary political rights, we may scourge and stripe him, we may hang and burn him, but in the end the white race will suffer most. No race can violate the moral law with impunity; no race can for years and generations pursue courses that are unjust without mutilating its own moral nature and sinking to a lowered level of life. The Negro victim of the Coatesville mob was fiendishly wronged, but the white community of Coatesville is most deeply and abidingly injured, for it is hurt in the very fundamentals of its life. Earnestly ought we appeal to-day to the Negro race to keep their problems out of the whirl of politics. The Negro must not suffer the fortunes of his race to be embroiled in partisan strife. The Democratic party has always been ready to treat the political disabilities of the Negro as a vote-getting opportunity, and the Republican party no less willing to utilize him as an always dependable asset. The third party may mean to be just to the Negro, but is it just to treat him well in the Northern States, where such treatment will be unobjectionable, and to treat him ill, virtually to disable him, in the Southern States, where such Negro disablement will be most acceptable to the citizenship, remembering that in the South, where it is proposed to leave his present status of disabilities unremedied, there are to be found the Negroes who are the true leaders of their race? It is unworthy on the part of the great political parties to treat the fortunes of a race of ten millions and more as a pawn upon the chessboard of political advantage. Emancipation came as a war measure, and rightly so—a measure of war upon slavery. Pity did not free the Negro, but war did. Pity and charity will not solve the Negro problem of to-day. It is upon the higher grounds of justice and democracy that the question must be met. We face to-day, as a nation, not a Negro question, but the American question.. It is and always has been the test and touchstone of American life, testing the very foundations of the Republic. If we fail here we fail everywhere. The question is not one of racial equality, but of social justice, of true democracy, of genuine Americanism. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE MEMBERSHIP. WE have at last passed the "1,000 mem * bers" mark. The record now is 1,092 members, which constitutes us the largest association of the sort which colored people ever had. MEETINGS. IN the South Dr. Mason addressed meet ings in the interest of the association at Bennettsville, Florence and Charleston, S. C. In Atlanta he spoke at Morris Brown, Clarke and Gammon Colleges. The next night he made an address in Birmingham, and on January 10 spoke before the Upper Mississippi Conference at Durant. Dr. Spingarn spoke at Atlanta Baptist College and at Atlanta University. Dr. Du Bois addressed the Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs at their annual conference in Phila delphia and the colored State teachers of Baltimore. In the First Congregational Church at Natick, Mass., he spoke on the races congress and general problems. In Boston, between December 29 and January 5, four meetings were held in the interest of the association. The chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Villard, succeeded in interesting a large number of people in the work of the association by his stirring address in Zion Church on December 29. Mr. Charles Edward Russell addressed enthusiastic audiences in Kansas City. Miss Gruening, the assistant secretary, addressed the colored branch of the Y. M. C. A. in New York City, the ladies' auxiliary at Beth Elohim Synagogue, Brooklyn, and on •January 5 took charge of the meeting of the B. Y . P. U . at the Mount Olivet Baptist Church in New York City, where Miss Ovington and Mr. Morton spoke. On January 12 there was a mass meeting of the National Association at Young's Casino in Harlem. Bishop Alexander Walters presided. The speakers were: Mr. William Pickens, professor in Talladega College, Alabama; Mrs. A. W. Hunton, social worker for the Y. W. C. A.; Mr. W. E. B.. Du Bois and Mr. Joel Spingarn, president of the New York branch. Hon. Charles Whitman was unable to be present, but his written address was read by Dr. A . C. Powel. Nearly 2,000 persons were present. Musical selections were rendered by the Walker Female Quartet and Mme. Lula Robinson Jones. Emancipation celebrations have been noted elsewhere in this issue. On February 12, Lincoln's Birthday, the following branches will hold anniversary meetings: Chicago, Tacoma, Kansas City, Washington and Boston. In New York the anniversary meeting will be held at Cooper Union, February 10. ANNUAL MEETING. THE annual meeting of the association was held in the Evening Post Building on January 21. There were a number of addresses and detailed reports by officers and committees, and by guests who were present. The guest of honor was H . O. Tanner, the artist. There was an- exhibition of the work of Mr. Harry Roseland, the artist, who has achieved notable success in portraying Negro life. BRANCHES. THE Quincy branch, one of the youngest affiliating with the national organization, reports an enthusiastic meeting in one of their largest churches. Mr . Charles Edward Russell represented the National Association. Other speakers were Honorable George Wilson, of the State legislature, and several ministers. The Detroit branch reports that since joining the National Association, May, 1912, their organization has rapidly grown in membership and influence, and is now in the midst of a vigorous campaign defending the civil rights of colored people in that vicinity. As a result several THE N. A. A. C. P. large restaurants and theatres have ceased to discriminate against colored people. The branch has been greatly assisted by a clear and definite State law prohibiting such discrimination and by Mr. Shepherd, the militant prosecuting attorney. The branch has been most fortunate in having the cooperation of some of the most prominent colored men. Recently the Rev. Mr. Bagnall and Dr. Albert Johnson led in the prosecution of a restaurant keeper for refusing to serve colored people. They won the suit and although it has been appealed they are confident of u 1t i mate victory. This month two new branches were admitted to membership : Kansas City and Tacoma, Wash. Not long since Chicago was our most western outpost ; then came Indianapolis, n o w Kansas City, and with Tacoma we reach the Western coast. NATIONAL ORGANIZER. WITH the be ' ' ginning of the new year the association has been so fortunate as to engage the services of Dr. M. C. B. Mason, the well-known clergyman and lec DR. M. C. turer, as national National Organizer and organizer. Dr. Mason, who needs no introduction to the readers of TH E CRISIS, was ordained in 1883, and has held pastorates in New Orleans and Atlanta. Since 1891 he has been connected with the Freedmen's Aid and Southern Education Board of the Methodist Episcopal Church, having been corresponding secretary for the last seventeen years. He was the first colored man ever elected by the Methodist Episcopal Church to such a position. g&lt;| UNIVERSITY COMMISSION ON SOUTHERN RACE QUESTIONS. DR. SPINGARN, as representative of the National Association, attended the University Commission on Southern Race Questions which met at the University of Georgia on December 18 and 19), with Professor Brough, of the University of Arkansas, as chairman and Professor Hurley, of the University of Virginia, as secretary. This commission is an organization consisting of one representative from each of the eleven Southern State universities. The commission mapped out its work for the succeeding year and decided to hold its next meeting at Richmond, Va., on December 18, 1913. In the meanwhile it s various committees will undertake a series of investigations in regard to the Negro in the South and his relations with his white neighbors. Dr. J. H . Dillard, agent of the Jeanes Fund, was, with Dr. Spingarn, admitted by special vote to the sessions of B. MASON. the commission. Corresponding Secretary. FLYING SQUADRON. "I N BUTTERFLY LAND," a dramatic •*• fantasie, was charmingly staged by the Flying Squadron in New York, January 3. The proceeds, in the form of a substantial purse, were presented to the National Association. The entertainment was the original production of the members of the Flying THE Squadron. The talented president, Mrs. Dora Cole Norman, wrote the lyrics and with her sister, Miss Carriebel Cole, taught the original dances which formed an attractive feature of the program. The music was directed by Miss Helen Elise Smith. The words of the charming selection, "Little Lonesome Child," were written by Miss Louise Latimer, who also designed the costumes. Miss Carriebel Cole in her artistic solo dancing received enthusiastic applause from an appreciative audience. Miss Madeline Allison was delightfully adapted to the role of "Little Lonesome." The others who took part were the Misses Lottie Jarvis, Elsie Benson, Emily Douglas, Pauline Mars, Lurline Saunders, Alice Sousa, Mamie Sousa, Pauline Turner, Vivienne Ward and Bessie Pike. COATESVILLE. IF the issue of civilization is finally en forced upon Coatesville and the State of Pennsylvania, the credit will belong to this noble society. I am glad of the opportunity to praise them. With inadequate means, lukewarm support, and with most avenues of publicity closed to them, these people have given themselves to the most unpopular cause in the world, yet one which is obviously fundamental to civilization—equality of opportunity for a great unprivileged, overborne, unhappy section of our people. As long as any are victims of inequality, as long as any are exploited or dispossessed, there can be no civilization—and this means Negro human beings as well as white. "The Association for the Advancement of Colored People employed William J. Burns to put his operatives into Coatesville. This took place in the summer of 1912. In September the chairman of the society, Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, its attorney, Mr. Wherry, and the writer of this article, accompanied Mr. Burns to Harrisburg and laid the results of the investigation before Governor Tener." In these words Mr. Albert J. Nock comments in the February issue of the American Magazine upon the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the work done by it in investigating the horrible burning of "Zach" Walker at Coatesville on August 12, 1911. This will give to the public and to the members of the associa CRISIS tion the first definite knowledge that the association has been actively concerning itself with the situation at, Coatesville. Its directors decided, after the lynching meeting held in Ethical Culture Hall on November 15, 1912, to devote the sums raised at that meeting and by an appeal to the membership, and also the sum contributed for legal redress during the year 1912, to an investigation of the Coatesville lynching with a view of obtaining information which might induce the authorities to continue the work of prosecuting those guilty of this inexcusable and inhuman crime. First that splendid journalist and warmhearted woman, the late Mary Dunlop Maclean, went to Coatesville and found out more in two days than the State of Pennsylvania had unearthed in as many months. After that Mr. William J. Burns, the famous detective, was retained by the association, and under his instructions two of his men opened a restaurant in Coatesville and bent themselves to the task of finding out the whole story. This was much easier than had been anticipated, but the detectives stayed in Coatesville for some months, after which the restaurant was sold. A s a result the association has the names of a number of participants who were not indicted, but who should have been indicted, and a list of witnesses who were not called by the prosecution when the case was tried, and other information of a damaging character against a number of citizens of Coatesville, the nature of which cannot be revealed even at this time. The substance of the information thus obtained has, however, been communicated to the authorities, notably Governor Tener of Pennsylvania, who was waited upon on September 19 by the chairman of the board of directors, Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard. the counsel for the association, Mr. William M . Wherry, Jr., and Mr. William J. Burns, accompanied by the head of his Philadelphia office, and Mr. Nock of the American Magazine. The Governor was sincere, straightforward and anxious to do everything that he could to help. He said frankly that his inability to get convictions at Coatesville was one of the "failures of my administration," and he agreed that there should be a meeting with the assistant attorney-general, Mr. Cunningham, who had charge of the case. Mr. Wherry went direct to Pittsburgh to call upon him and found Mr. Cunningham equally THE N. A. A. C. P. chagrined that the State had not been able to punish the guilty. On December 12 Mr. Villard proceeded to Coatesville and spent an evening with the courageous group of citizens who have cooperated with the association and aided it in every way and are determined that the stain upon the good name of Coatesville shall be redeemed by the conviction of someone, if this is in any way possible. The basis of both these interviews was the admirable brief and summary of the case and of the evidence obtained by the Burns detectives which was prepared by Mr. Wherry at very considerable inconvenience and large expenditure of time, which he generously donated to the association. The association feels that this visit to Coatesville and its other activities had something to do with the admirable recommendation by Governor Tener, in his annual message to the legislature of Pennsylvania, that the charter of Coatesville be revoked, since its inhabitants have been consorting with and shielding murderers. For this action Governor Tener is again entitled to the gratitude of all law-abiding citizens in the United States. The Coatesville committee proposes, at this writing, to get into touch with him, and to aid it the association has placed at its disposal the substance of Mr. Wherry's report. Under the circumstances there is every reason to hope that TH E CRISIS will shortly be able to report the reopening of the prosecutions, in which the association will co-operate to the extent of its ability. It will freely place the information acquired by the Burns detectives in the hands of the State authorities if this is desired. So far as the crime itself is concerned, the investigation of the association proved that no more inexcusable crime ever occurred. The social conditions of lawlessness and degradation which made the crime possible are thoroughly covered by Mr. Nock in the February American. In addition, it appears that there was inefficiency in the police department. Notably was this true of officer Stanley Howe, who had Walker in charge at the hospital and was duly armed and uniformed, but permitted the crowd to take the prisoner from him without as much as making an effort to protect him, the door of the hospital being opened from within. Another police officer left town because he had helped in the lynching. Still another participated, and the head of the police was weak if not inefficient. It appears clearly that one reason for the popular indifference to the punishment of the mob murderers is that some of the more important criminals and instigators were not put on trial. Those whom it was sought to convict first were young boys who were probably drawn to the scene by curiosity. The chief instigator is known, but he has never even been indicted. The police officer, Howe, who should have been tried, though indicted, was not brought before a jury. The failure of the prosecution is, however, mainly due to the depraved tone of the community of Coatesville and of Chester County as a whole. It is easy to point out where the authorities made mistakes, but, on the whole, they made an earnest and serious effort to convict, with the governor doing everything he could to urge them on. As already stated, it is the hope of the association before very long to report that additional prosecutions have been undertaken. The Governor should be all the more inclined to do this because it has been openly charged in the public print by a burgess of Coatesville that, although the chief instigator has been known, no effort has been made by the State to apprehend him—this being said in defense of the Chester County juries. MY DEAR DR. DU BOIS : Relating to your editorial on Truth, can you keep before us any more effectively than you are already doing the Truth that discrimination against colored Americans is not only an evil, but an unnecessary evil? I find so many of my friends are inclined to throw up their hands in despair with the confession that they cannot overcome the race prejudices of the community. We must keep before them not merely the cruelty of their prejudices, but that the cruelty is unnecessary and that prejudices can be overcome. To tell a community already partially prejudicial that other communities are more prejudiced than they may increase rather than decrease the evil, unless you counteract the debasing influence of an evil example by the inspiring influence of a noble example. Sincerely, GEO. G . BRADFORD. THE BURDEN COLORED MEN AND WOMEN LYNCHED WITHOUT TRIAL. 1885 78 1899 84 1886 71 1900 107 1887 80 1901 107 1888 95 1902 86 1889 95 1903 86 1890 90 1904 83 1891 121 1905 61 1892 155 1906...' 64 1893 154 1907 60 1894 134 1908 93 1895 112 1909 73 1896 80 1910 65 1897 122 1911 63 1898 102 1912 63 Total 2.584 LYNCHINGS, 1912. Reported in January—1. Muldrow, Okla.—Man, murder and assault. Reported in February—8. Hamilton, Ga.—Three men and a girl, murder. Cordele, Ga.—Man, rape. Bessemer, Ala.—Man, murder. Yidalia, Ga.—Man, murder. Macon, Ga.—Man. rape and robbery. Reported in March—7. Chattanooga, Tenn.—Three men, murder. Marshall, Tex.—Man and woman, murder. Memphis. Tenn.—Man, rape. Starksville, Miss.—Man, assault on a woman. Reported in April—12. Fort Smith, Ark.—Man, murder. Marianna, Ark.—Three men, labor troubles and insulting remarks. Blackburg, S. C.—Two men forcing a man to drink whiskey. Olare, S. C.—Three men, arson. Cochran, Ga.—Man. murder. Shreveport, La.—Man, insulting a white man. Starksville, Miss.—Man, fright at his approach. Reported in May—6. (7?) Shreveport, La.—Tom Miles, insulting note to a white girl. S. Mclntyre, same offense (?) Yellow Pine, La.—Boy, writing letters to ladies. Jackson. Ga.—Henry Ethrage, securing immigrants. Greenville, Miss.—Man, assaulting a white woman. .Columbus, Miss.—George Edd, shooting a woman. Monroe, La.—Man, threatening violence. Reported in June—3. Tyler, Tex.—Dan Davis, rape. Valdosta, Ga.—Emanuel, shooting a white man. Nashville, Tenn.—J. Samuels, assault on a white woman. Reported in July—3. Pinehurst. Ga.—A woman, murder. Rochelle. Ga.—McHenry, murder. Lueesdale. Miss.—Forest Bolin, testifying against liquor sellers. Reported in August— 1. (5?) Paul Station, Ala.— A man, murder. Second man, same place (?) Clarksville. Tex.—Leonard Pots, murder. Plummerville. Ark.—John Williams, murder. Columbus, Ga.— T. Z. Cotton, 16 years old, manslaughter. Reported in September—5. Russellville, Ark.—Monroe Franklin, assault on a woman. Cummings, Ga.—Ed. Collins, accessory to assaulting woman. Greenville, S. C.—Brooks Gordon,, assaulting woman. Humboldt. Tenn.—Will Cook, refusing to dance. Princeton, W. Ya.—Walter Johnson, attacking a white girl. Reported in October.—5 Bakersfield, Cal.—Unknown, attacking a child. Cullings, Ga.—Bob Edwards, complicity in attacking child. THE BURDEN Americus, Ga.—Yarborough, attacking a girl. Rawlins, Wyo.—Wigfall, assaulting a _ woman. Shreveport, La.—Sam Johnson, murder. Reported in November—1. Birmingham, Ala.—Will Smith, murder. Reported in December—8. (11?) Norway, S. C.—John Feldon, obtaining goods under false pretenses. Preston Ark.—A . Dempsey, assaulting woman. Jackson, Miss.—Joe Beamon, resisting arrest-. Port Allen, La.—N. Cadore, murder. McRae, Ga.—Sidney Williams, murder. Tutwiller, Miss.—Man. insulting language. Little Briton, S. C.—Man, resisting arrest. Butler, Ala.—A . Curtis, murder. Butler, Ala.—Three Negroes, murder (?) Total 63, possibly 68. For alleged attacks on women, 17. m THE MANUFACTURE OF PREJUDICE. WOMAN CLUBBED AND LEFT TO DIE; POSSE SEEKS NEGRO —New York Herald, December 4. TRENTON WOMAN ASSAULTED BY A NEGRO IN FIELD —Camden (N. J.) Courier, December 4. FIRST ARREST . IN TRENTON MAN CHASE MADE Posse Capture Negro, Who, It Is Believed, Is the Assailant of Miss Luela Marshall—Lynching NarrowlyAverted—Bloodhounds Led the Trail —Jersey Cit y (N. J.) Journal, December 5. A BETTER DETECTIVE SYSTEM NEEDED. "The shocking crime of a Negro in the outskirts of Trenton this week, of which a young woman was the victim, calls attention anew to the imperfections of the police detective system in New Jersey, if it may be described as a system."—Newark ' (N. J.) Star, December 5. BLOODHOUNDS LOSE TRAIL OF NEGRO WHO ATTACKED A WOMAN —New York World, December 5. TRENTON DOGS LAND A NEGRO IN LOCK-UP —New York Tribune, December 6. (No news of the matter found since the above in any of the metropolitan dailies.) "William Atzenhalfer, a white farm hand of Ewing Township, confessed to-day that it was he who attacked Miss Luella Marshall of this city on last December 3, and injured her so severely that she died a week later. Atzenhalfer insisted that he had mistaken Miss Marshall for a man on whom he sought revenge, and that he had not meant to kill her."—Amsterdam News (colored), January 3. RACE WAR IN A HIGH SCHOOL Black and White Pupils Battle in Room of Wendell Phillips INSULT TO GIRL THE CAUSE Football Players Take Active Part in the Scrimmage " A miniature race war between the black and white pupils of Wendell Phillips high school developed yesterday afternoon in the assembly room of the school. More than a dozen boys engaged in the fight. TH E CRISIS "The row started when Leo Stevens, a colored boy who had been expelled from the school a few weeks ago, was struck by a white boy. It was said the Negro insulted a white girl as the pupils were passing from the assembly hall at 2:30 o'clock. "The white boy was attacked by several Negro boys. These in turn were set upon by a group of the high school football players who were starting out for practice. "One of the 'lieutenant marshals,' the police force of the student body, tried in vain to stop the fight. Some of the girls who had remained in the room screamed and attracted the attention of the principal, Spencer R. Smith. He stopped the battle and took Stevens to his office. The other boys were not held. "Among the members of the football team who were mixed up in the fight were Frank Davidson, John Harper, Roy Munger, John Alberts and Melvin Smith. No one was seriously injured. There were several discolored eyes and blood was drawn."— Chicago (Ill.) Tribune, November 1. "The Tribune published in glaring headlines, 'Race War in Public Schools,' then went on to say that a colored boy was pounced upon by a number of football players because he was supposed to have said something to one of the boys' sister while passing. Upon investigation they found that there was no truth whatsoever in the story, so to ease their conscience (?) retracted it a few days later. The retraction, however, was put in an obscure corner of the paper. The damage was done and this great paper seems to take especial pains to herald broadcast anything derogatory to the Negro they can find or make up. If they would devote as much space to extolling our virtues as they do to holding up our faults to the world, we would be very grateful."—Chicago Defender (colored). The ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY By CHARLES THE existence of a Negro ' intercollegiate Greek-letter fraternity is scarcely known to the general reading pub lic. As far as we know there is only one such national undergraduate fraternity, although there are several local organizations that are tending to become national. The Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity was founded March, 1906, at Cornell University, and became incorporated April 16, 1912. Its establishment was not accidental, but it was designed to meet a great need among Negro college men. It is accomplishing its purpose of bringing together the best type of men. Since its founding fifteen chapters have been established. The eleven active chapters are Alpha, Cornell; Beta, Howard; Gamma, Union; Delta, Toronto (Canada); Epsilon, Michigan; Zeta, Yale; Eta, Columbia; Theta, Medical School of Illinois; Iota, Syracuse; Kappa, Ohio State; Mu, Minnesota; Nu, Lincoln ; Xi , Wilberf oree; one graduate chapter at Louisville, Ky., and the Alpha Alumni Chapter in New York City. H. GARVIN The fraternity has passed through its formative stage and his reached a stage at which it may, without assumption, claim to be a shaping element in the life of Negro college men. It was organized by seven young men of high character and scholarly ambition, and is not to be judged by its growth in numbers alone, nor even by the local influence of its chapters, but by the real value of its output. It numbers among its active members the leading lights in college activities and scholarship. One year alone all the "honor men" in the college class of Howard were Alpha Phi Alpha men; for two years the leading oratorical prize at Columbia and the honor prize in French were won by Alpha Phi Alpha men. These are but a few of the honors won by Alpha Phi Alpha men and show the type of men the fraternity seeks. Its alumni and honorary members are among the foremost men of the race. The annual conventions of the fraternity have been unusually successful; the first was held at the seat of Beta Chapter, the second in New York City, the third in Philadelphia. THE ALPHA PHI ALPHA FRATERNITY DELEGATES TO THE FOURTH ANNUAL CONVENTION. the fourth at the seat of the Epsilon Chapter and the fifth at the seat of the Kappa Chapter, Ohio State University, on December 26, 27 and 28. In connection with this was held the first alumni reunion. The officers for the past year were: Charles H . Garvin, Howard, president; Leon S. Evans, Michigan, HARRIET GIB BS-MARS HALL President HARE Y A. WILLIAMS, Vice-President vice-president; Joseph R. Fugett, Cornell, secretary, and Clarence A . Jones, Ohio State, treasurer. The Negro Greek-letter fraternity is no longer an experiment; it is a dominant factor for good and binds Negro college men as no other organization can. LOUIS G. GREGORY, Financial Secretary GREGORIA A. FRASER, Recording Secretary The Washington Conservatory of Music and School of Expression Piano, Violin, Wind Instruments, Piano Tuning, Vocal Expression, History of Music Theory and Modern Languages The first and only Mission Music School founded and controlled by Negroes in America. Many scholarships awarded. Talented students never turned away unaided. 902 T Street, N. W. WASHINGTON, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Publishers' Page PRAISE FROM	 HAMPTON FROM A SON OF WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON I appreciate very much indeed the excellent manner in which the cuts or half-tones of I wish I could adequately express my colored people are brought out in your appreciation of the ability and attractiveness magazine. To my mind it is most excellent. of the magazine. Yours very truly. Sincerely yours, G. W. BLOUNT, FRANCIS	 J. GARRISON. Assistant to Commandant, Newtonville, Mass. Hampton, Va. FROM TUSKEGEE FROM OUR LIVEST NEWSPAPER I think it is the best Negro publication ever published, not only in its mechanical TH E CRISIS has secured probably the makeup, but also in its contents. biggest circulation of any race publication in WILSON S. LOVETT. the country. Treasurer's Assistant. THE AFRO-AMERICAN, Tuskegee. Ala. Baltimore, Md. An Open Letter to CRISIS Agents DEAR CO-WORKERS : Nearly ten thousand people have become monthly purchasers of THE CRISIS since January, 1912. Our total circulation was: January, 1912. 15,000: January. 1913, 23.000. You are largely responsible for this. Your loyalty and aggressiveness indicate a devotion to the work which is a constant inspiration to us to make TH E CRISIS a better magazine. But we must have a circulation of 50,000. Can you produce it in 1913? We believe you can. Begin now a definite plan to double your sales during the year. If possible, organize your sub-agents and assistants into a club and hold monthly meetings to discuss methods of operation and exchange selling ideas. You will get the benefit of each other's experience, and the team work will produce enthusiasm and an increase in sales and subscriptions. We also plan to make 1913 a banner year for advertisements and need your help. The only argument we have to present to an advertiser is our ability to produce results for him. We know we have a good advertising medium, for most of our advertisers have told us so: but there are many people who take pleasure in boasting that they "never read advertisements," and some of these are CRISIS readers. Our record for clean advertising is history. No exaggerated statements or impossible propositions are permitted in our columns and we exercise every precaution to verify the reliability of each advertiser. This gives additional prestige to the advertisements that appear, since they bear our stamp of approval (which fact is a splendid selling argument for you). THEREFORE WE WANT YOU TO HELP US BY BOOSTING THE CRISIS ADVERTISERS. When making a sale direct attention to the clean, concise businesslike manner in which each advertiser states his proposition, as well as the well-written articles and other features. We also wish, for the convenience of our readers, a directory of first-class hotels that accommodate colored patrons. Help us secure the advertisements of such hotels in your locality. We will allow you very liberal commissions for your efforts. An acknowledgment of this letter will be deeply appreciated by The PUBLISHERS OF THE CRISIS Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER DO YOU WANT A PROMOTION? Positions filled in every line of educational work. W e have a special demand for Music Teachers Domestic Science Teachers High School Teachers Bookkeepers and Stenographers Agricultural Teachers Manual Training and Industrial Teachers W e had calls for teachers in 1912 from Alabama Georgia Mississippi South Carolina Arkansas Kentucky Maryland Tennessee Delaware Louisiana New Jersey Texas Florida Missouri North Carolina Virginia West Virginia School officials are beginning now to select their faculties for the coming year. Register early and get in touch with them. Blanks and information furnished free upon application. MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. CRISIS-MAID WILLOW PLUMES Whenever you see the name CRISIS-MAID, think of quality, prompt service and fair prices. These high-grade willow plumes shipped prepaid to your address at the following manufacturer-to-consumer prices: No. AS. Length, 19 inches; width, 20 inches Price $4.50 " B7. " 22 " " 23 " " 5.75 '&lt; C9. " 24 . " " 25 " " 6.85 " E13. " 30 " " 30 " " 12.00 TH E DUNBA R COMPANY , 26 V e s e y Street, NE W YOR K Mention TH E CRISIS. 200 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The very Business Opportunity for which YO U have been looking may possibly he here on this page. Capitalize your spare time selling REDDICK' S WORLD'S GREATEST POLISHING MITTS. Users say it's the best practical polishing device on earth. Agents of both sexes say it's the best moneymaker on earth. Write at once for our liberal proposition. It sells itself. See advertisement on page 162. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. AGENTS—Big money. Johnson-Flynn fight and other copyrighted Negro pictures. Portraits. Pillow Tops. Catalog FREE . 30days' credit. PEOPLES PORTRAIT CO. Station U, Chicago, Ill. TYPEWRITERS Remingtons, Densmores, J e w e t t s, $11.50 each ; Franklins, Postals, Hammonds, $9 each. Bargains in Underwoods, Smiths and all others. Al l guaranteed. Supplies. Standard Typewriter Exchange 23B Park Row, New York PRESIDENTS NEGRO REPUBLIC in colors and a short history of Liberia. 16 x 20. Ready	 to hang on the walls; only 50c. prepaid; in gold frames $1.25. Everybody wants one. Write NEGRO PRESS, Box 126; Gainesville, Fla., U. S. A. 1,000 agents wanted. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L . Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts. Cincinnati, Ohio WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers pre ferred) to settle on FRE E Govern ment Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Grow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom, New Mexico There's something extremely touching about The Oriole Concert Waltzes by Herman Zimmerman. A favorite wherever heard. 20c. per copy for the next 30 days. PARKS MUSIC HOUSE Louisiana, Mo. Start the New Year Right Resolve to save all your extra money and begin that bank account. You cannot be more profitably employed than acting as agent for TH E CRISIS. .The sales from our magazine will insure you a snug little sum of extra money each month. For information address: Sales Manager of TH E CRISIS 26 Vesey Street New York The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon i champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crush ing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social Folding BATH TUB justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to Costs little, no plumbing, requires little water. Weight 15 pounds, and folds into small roll. Full lengthbaths,far better than tin tubs. LASTS for JAMES F. MORTON, JR. years. Write for special agents offer and description. ROBINSON Mfg.. Co.,111 Vance St.,Toledo, O. Mfrs. Turkish Bath Cabinets. 244 West 143d Street New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbus 3985 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Embalmers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 Weft 6Sd Street New York, N. Y. Between Broadway and 8th Avenue A PLACE TO STOP HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class Service for First-class People 3252 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, Ill. MOVING Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS PACKING AND SHIPPING ANDREW J. BRANIC Formerly Manager Virginia Transfer Company 469 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention TRUNKS STORED 25c. PER MONTH Official Expressman for the C. V. B. A. PERSONAL CARDS WIGINGTON &amp; BELL Architects Karbach Block Omaha, Neb. Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 West 135th Street, New York City Telephone 4885 Morningside DR. D. W. ONLEY Surgeon Dentist S. W. Cor. 133d St. and Lenox Ave., New York Office Hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 1 to 9 p. m. Sundays by Appointment H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Cor. 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington, N. C. LEGA L DIRECTORY This is a ready reference of some of the best lawyers in the country. If you are a lawyer and your name is not listed here you should write us at once. Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. FRANKLIN W. WILLIAMS Attorney and Connselor-at-Law Notary Public Real Estate Conveyancer 206 Parrish Street Durham, N. C. J. DOUGLAS WETMORE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 5 Beekman Street (Temple Court) New York City Tel. 6222 Cortlandt Cable Address, Judowet Telephone 5574 Beekman Rooms 905 to 907 WILFORD H. SMITH Lawyer 150 Nassau Street New York City Uptown Office—136 West 136th Street General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attomey-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Mention TH E CRISIS. 202 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ODESSA MILLINERY Exclusive Parisian Creations for the Smartly Dressed Woman. 41 West 135th Street New York "Phone 624 Harlem. No. 4 Special Buggy $65.00 A value unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog. C. R. Patterson&amp; Sons GREENFIELD, OHIO Largest Negro carriage concern in the United States Telephone 1697 Flushing HERMAN WILKENS PARQUET FLOORS AND MANTELS SCRAPING AND REFINISHING A SPECIALTY 100 Broadway Flushing, N. Y. JOHN F. RYAN MADAME GILCHRIST CORSETS Choosing the corset should be a serious thought with all well-dressed women, and part of this thinking has been done for you by Madame Gilchrist, who is an expert corset fitter and whose thorough knowledge of the human anatomy enables her to give advice wisely as to the correct model of corset to be worn for health and comfort. 576 Main Street East Orange, N. J. Telephone 1439 Flushing JOHN FRANZ VIENNA BAKERY AND LUNCH ROOM 21 Main Street Flushing, N. Y. Telephone 381 Flushing G. ANDERSON CABINET MAKER AND UPHOLSTERER Agent for Ostermoor Mattresses 104 Lincoln Street Flushing, N. Y. C. BAER SHOES FOR THE ENTIRE FAMILY 389 Fulton Street Near Hardenbrook Avenue Jamaica, L. I. JOSEPH F. P. NORRIS HARNESS MAKER Repairing Promptly Executed Blankets, Whips, Curry Combs, Brushes, Etc. 72 Broadway Flushing, N. Y. Long Distance Telephone 62 Flushing ELBERT HALLETT FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND EMBALMER Established I860 161-163 Amity Street Flushing, N. Y. Does Baby Cry? teething babies instantly relieved with Koolbite Koolbite is an iced nipple For babies' inflamed gums, the nipple is specially made without an opening to hold the ice water. There is an inner water-tight aluminum container to hold cracked ice or snow and an outer case of Persian Ivory (Choice of white, pink or blue). This is so made that it is a non-conductor, remaining always at normal temperature. The whole toy weighs only 1 1/4 oz. Koolbite will be delivered free to any address immediately on receipt of $I.00 with our guarantee of SATISFACTION OR MONEY BACK. Doctors and Dentists Recommend It FRED S. CLARK PRESCRIPTION DRUGGIST For pure drugs at fair prices go to Ryan's Drug Store Care The Dunbar Company 51 Main Street Flushing, N. Y. 26 Vesey Street New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 203 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OFFICES : 26 Vesey Street. New York. Incorporated May 25, 191 1 OFFICERS National President—Mr. Chairman of the Board of Directors— Mass. Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Vice-Presidents— Treasurer—Mr. Walter E. Sachs, New York. Rev. John Haynes Holms.- New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Mr. John E. Milholland, New York. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. National Organizer—Dr. M . C. B. Mason, Cincinnati. Rev. Garnet R. Waller. Baltimore, Md. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn. N. Assistant Secretary—Miss Martha Gruening, New York. This is the Association which seeks to put into practice the principles which TH E CRISIS puts into words. If you believe what we SAY , join this Association and help us to put our words into DEEDS . MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOB THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed _ dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $... a year, and send me THE CRISIS. Sane. Address.. Class 1. Life Members, paying $600. Class i. Contributing Members, paying $10, Class 2. Donors, paying $100 per year. $5 or $2 per year. Class 3. Sustaining Members, paying $25 Class 5. Associate Members, paying $1 per per year. year. The subscription to THE CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $5 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOE THE ADVANCEMENT OP COLORED PEOPLE, 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER COLLEGE AND FRATERNITY PINS We are now prepared to supply colleges, fraternal organizations, baseball clubs, athletic associations, etc., with pins and emblems, no matter what shape or design. Send us your idea and let us send you a drawing and a quotation surprisingly small, considering the superior workmanship and quality of materials. Watch fobs, rings, cuff buttons and metal novelties of special design are also produced to your order. Sterling Silver Pins 40 cents up; Gold-filled 60 cents up; Solid Gold $1.10 up THE DUNBAR COMPANY, 26 Vesey Street, New York TELLING A STORY To friends who know you, may be easy, but "putting one over" to strangers is quite different. Telling a busy, business man about your services or your merchandise is still less a "cinch," for he hears the same story every day a dozen or more times. A clever speaker, before a sleepy or hostile audience, puts a good, stiff punch into his very first remark. This "knocks 'em off their feet" and they listen. Your business letters may be good, but if they lack the "punch" they won't "pull." Correct business stationery is the "punch" that hits the busy man "right in the eye" and makes him read your letter. We'll show you the sort of stationery we create, if you write us. W e print for Mr . Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print TH E CRISIS. ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET NEW YORK 'Phone 6667 Lenox Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER The Crisis Calendar FO R 1913 Tw o pretty dark baby faces in colors, and trie celebrated "Credo, by W . E. B. Du Bois, beautifully printed, together with a large legible calendar by months. Price 25 cents, postpaid. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Emancipation Jubilee Seals for your letters. Handsomely designed by Richard L. Brown, and done in colors. Price 1 cent each. " Show your belief in freedom on every letter' you write in 1913." A Half Century of Freedom By W . E. B. Du Bois. A four-page pamphlet giving in condensed form a history of the material advancement of the Negro race. Price 2 cents. Emancipation Literature for celebrations, arguments, facts, pictures : Price 5 cents =^=^^^= The Dunbar Company, 26 Vesey St., New York Mention TH E CRISIS. 206 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER $5 Brings Oliver Typewriter Send $5 for The Oliver Typewriter—the machine will come a-flying. The newest Model—No. 5—the regular $100 machine— with no extra charge for Printype. For the price of a good fountain pen you secure the World's Greatest Typewriter. You can pay the balance at the rate of 17 cents a day. This irresistible "$5 offer" is sweeping everything before it. The era of universal typewriting is coming. The triumph of the typewriter over primitive pen-and-ink has been brought about by the same machine that introduced visible writing. The OLIVER Typewriter The Standard Visible Writer This is the typewriter whose high efficiency has made it the choice of the greatest firms and corporations. It is the simplest of all standard typewriters, yet the swiftest and by far the most versatile. The moving parts work freely in a solid metal framework, making the machine so strong that the hardest usage has no effect upon it. No Extra Charge for "Printype" Most people prefer to have the machine equipped to write in Printype. This beautiful type is obtainable only on The Oliver Typewriter. It is the greatest style improvement ever evolved for typewriters—the most easily read type in existence—the type which conforms to that in universal use on the world's printing presses! Win Success with the Oliver! The Oliver Typewriter aids success-seekers in a multitude of ways. The real-life stories of achievement that center around it would fill volumes. No matter what your work may be—in office, store, shop or home—The Oliver Typewriter will prove itself a great convenience and an actual money-maker. It stands for order and system and success. It is the visible evidence of the progressiveness of its owner. Youn g people with brains, ambition and Oliver Typewriters are succeeding everywhere. Can you afford to let $5 stand between you and success? Send lor Special Circular and Art Catalog Full details regarding the Oliver Easy-Purchase-Plan, beautiful catalog and a specimen letter written in Printype will be sent you on request. Let this $5 offer awaken you to your need of The Oliver Typewriter and the ease with which you may own it. Remember—$5 only and on comes The Oliver Typewriter ! Sales Department (206) The Oliver Typewriter Company 310 Broadway NEW YORK, N. Y. Short Talks on Advertising and Ou r Advertisers It is remarkable to note the growing interest of the general reader in advertisements. Fifteen or twenty years ago the intelligent reader regarded the average advertisement as a joke, because in those days the best "stock in trade" of the ad-writer was bombastic or ambiguous statements designed to deceive the public. Then along came C. H . K . Curtis, of Philadelphia, who cleaned out the columns of the Ladies' Home Journal by compelling his advertisers to stick to the truth in their printed words. Other publishers joined in the movement and have succeeded in driving the dishonest advertiser from their pages. Of course Dr. Harvey W . Wiley's struggle against medical frauds and poisoned food, and the government's steady, persistent warfare on investment swindlers were of much assistance to these worthy publishers. To-day the pages of all respectable publications are closed to the unscrupulous and left to those who have truthful promises and honest values to offer. This has inspired confidence between the advertiser and the buying public. When will certain members of the Negro press awake to this new condition, clean out their pages and make a united effort to secure business from the progressive advertiser? As I write, there is on my desk a copy of a colored paper with a national reputation. In it there is the advertisement of a concern which sells "lucky stones" to give the purchaser "a certain strange, mysterious control over others." Imagine such piffle. TH E CRISIS is proud of its policy to exclude the dishonest advertiser from its columns, and our readers show their appreciation of the manner in which we protect them by giving a good portion of their business to our advertisers. To those who are still skeptical of advertisements in general, we solicit their interest and confidence in the CRISIS' ADVERTISER, for we will never knowingly permit them to mislead, defraud or swindle our readers. ALBON L. HOLSEY, Advertising Manager Mention TH E CRISIS. Music of the Masters We are pleased to announce to the readers of TH E CRISIS and our many patrons that we arc now able to supply them with all the latest and best musical compositions produced by Negro writers. Many of the tuneful melodies that you hear on the stage in big musical comedies or vaudeville, and afterward hum or whistle, are composed by colored men, and many composers who enjoy national reputations and whose names are familiar to you as song writers are Negroes who for business reasons cannot boast of their racial identity. Whether the wish is for an old plantation melody, a classic number or the latest ragtime, we have it for you and can supply your wants with prompt dispatch. Among the lyric writers and composers whose selections we have arc the following: S. Coleridge-Taylor "Bob" Cole Paul Laurence Dunbar Harry T. Burleigh J. Rosamond Johnson Cecil Mack Will Marion Cook Jas. Reese Europe N. Clark Smith Alex. Rogers "Chris." Smith Wm. H. Tyers Twenty-four Negro Melodies Negro Minstrel Melodies Transcribed for the piano by S. COLERIDGE-TAYLOR Edited by Introduction by BOOKER T. WASHINGTON HARRY T. BURLEIGH In selecting his themes from the native song's of Africa, the West This book is a collection of twenty-Indies and the American Negro during five Negro folk songs with piano slavery days, Mr. Coleridge-Taylor has accompaniment. preserved their distinctive traits and Mr. Burleigh has spent much time individuality, while giving them a and patient study in assembling this charming depth and spontaneity of collection of entertaining and educafeeling which places them alongside tional selections. To the lover of the compositions of Liszt and Dvorak music for its own sake this volume as masterly transcriptions of folk will especially appeal. music. Paper binding $1.50 postpaid Price 50c, postpaid Cloth binding 2.50 postpaid EXHORTATION. BROWN-SKIN BABY MINE. Rogers and Cook $0.60 Cook and Mack 60 (High in D minor; low in A (Medium) minor) DOWN DE LOVERS' LANE. SWING ALONG. Will Marion Cook.. .60 Dunbar and Cook 60 (High) (High in F; medium in E flat) WID DE MOON, MOON, MOON. RAIN SONG. Moore and Cook 60 Rogers and Cook 60 (High in F; low in D) (For high voice) Write us for any information regarding the productions of these or any other composers. THE DUNBAR CO., 26 Vesey St., New York Mention TH E CRISIS. STAGE FAVORITES Miss DORA DEAN, of Johnson &amp; Dean Now starring in vaudeville with her own company Miss Dean says of our face powder : " It's as good as the best. Whether the complexion is cream, olive or brown, we have a tint to match it. Price 50 cents per box. Send 2-eent stamp and name of druggist Perfect Face Powder for sample. THE DUNBAR CO., 26 Vesey St., New York Mention TH E CRISIS.