The Crisis The CRISIS Christmas, 1917 TEN CENTS A COPY President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS, Director of PubliREV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST ROY NASH, Secretary JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secre OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD tary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS JANEChicago  ADDAMS PROF.Washington  GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV.New York  HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY Boston JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore BISHOP JOHN HURST DR. F. N. CARDOZO Brooklyn DR. V. MORTON TONES DR. O. M. WALLER New Haven GEORGE W. CRAWFORD MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY PAUL KENNADAY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL Springfield, Mass. REV. G. R. WALLER DR.Philadelphia  WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR LILLIAN D. WAL D WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The N. A. A. C. P. has secured the best legal talent in the country to defend the colored men accused of murder in the East St. Louis race riots and to prevent the responsibility and blame for that horror being placed upon the American Negro. In this case the race is on trial. Help to win it by joining the N. A. A. C. P. today. Date , 1917. MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, ] enclose dollars. Name Street $ City and State Mention THE CRISIS CHRISTMAS NUMBER—Edition 48,000 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for December, 1917 PICTURES Page COVER. A Photograph from Life. By F. H. Cloud. LEADERS OF THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION 66 MEN OF THE MONTH 75 SHADOWS OF LIGHT 82-84 ARTICLES THE TREASURE OF THE POOR. From the French of Jean Richepin. Done into English by Jessie Fauset. With Illustrations by Laura Wheeler. . . . 63 THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION AND THE WAR. By Dr. Jesse Edward Moorland 65 SEGREGATION. TEXT OF THE SUPREME COURT DECISION 69 THE NEGRO AND THE WAR DEPARTMENT. By Emmett Jay Scott ... 76 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 59 MEN OF THE MONTH 74 THE LOOKING GLASS 77 THE HORIZON 85 THE CRISIS FOR 1918 THE CRISIS for 1918 will issue a series of special numbers on Negro homes, Negro churches, Negro industry, etc. W e have begun a drive for a circulation of 75,000. Write US for details. In our January number another special article on the Congressional investigation in East St. Louis. TE N CENT S A COPY ; ON E DOLLA R A YEA R FOREIG N SUBSCRIPTION S TWENTY-FIV E CENT S EXTR A RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 8, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either SEX. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opened Monday, October 1, 1917 . For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and THE CHEYNEY TRAINING Technical College SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS Twenty-fourth Annual Session. CHEYNEY, PENNA. Fall term began Sept. 1, '17 . For reasonably mature students who have Three Strong Departments: Ag A good secondary school preparation, and who ricultural, Mechanical and Acadesire to become teachers, courses are ofdemic. fered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physShort Practical Courses of ical training, elementary school methods, Three Months; Maintained by wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year the Governments of North Car $100. Fall term began "Wednesday, Septem olina and of the United States. ber 19, 1917. The Summer SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS, FROM Special training for teachers of July 5 to August 2 inclusive, WILL this year vocational subjects. offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing Board, Lodging AND Tuition, and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, $9.0 0 per Calendar Month. art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For CATALOG and Further working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications Information, address should he made early. Cost FOR the four weeks $15.00. President DUDLEY, FOR FURTHER INFORMATION WRITE TO A. &amp; T. College, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N . C . PRINCIPAL. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed, Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For full Information, address J. T. Cater, Registrar. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 3, 19l7. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific. Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 27, 1917. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to AD Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session Opened Wednesday, October 3, 1917. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E. Aggrey, Registrar. Don't Waste Your Evenings Never before in the history of the race has the demand for skilled colored help been so great as at the present time. Fall in with the spirit of the times for preparedness and learn a useful trade for the demand is greater than the supply. seasons year. for samples and agent's terms. Enroll at BEREAN SCHOOLnow and equip yourself in Stenography, Typewriting. Bookkeeping, Upholstery, Woodworking, Plumbing, Dressmaking. Tailoring, Printing, Cooking, Waiting, Millinery, or Power Machine operating. 19th year and Fall Term opened Tuesday, October 2nd, 1917. Late afternoon and evening sessions, twice a week, specially adapted for the convenience of the day wage earners. Painstaking and efficient teachers, specialized training in all departments a marked feature. Efficiency our aim Helpfulness our object The doors are open now. Will you enter? VISITORS WELCOME GYMNASIUM BEAUTIFUL LOCATION Write the Principal of Berean Manual Training and Industrial School MATTHEW ANDERSON, D.D. 1926 S. College Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Fall Term opened October 1, 1917. Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, business correspondence, business law, multigraphing, mimeographing, arithmetic, grammar, spelling, reading and writing. Apt students operate typewriters blindfolded accurately in two months and are able to pass Civil Service Examinations with ease in eight months. Edward T. Duncan, President, 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA OFFERS LONG AND SHORT COURSES IN MECHANIC ARTS, IN HOM E ECONOMICS, IN AGRICULTURE, IN EDUCATION AND IN SCIENCE. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all  of the Liberal commissions. Wrise The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. SPECIAL OFFER. A year's subscription to THE CRISI S will be given to anyone sending in at one time five paid-up yearly subscriptions to THE CRISIS . The offer holds good until midnight of December 31. 1917. LULU ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts TELEPHONE 6393 MORNINGSIDE 126 W. 134th Street New York City ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK St.. BOSTON. MASS. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS VOL. 15-NO. 2 . DECEMBER, 1917 Whole No. 86 Editorial The Second Coming THREE bishops sat in San Francisco, New Orleans and New York, peering gloomily into three flickering fires which cast and recast shuddering shadows on book-lined walls. Three letters lay in their laps and said: " And thou, Valdosta, in the land of Georgia, art not least among the princes of America, for out of thee shall come a Governor who shall rule my people." The white Bishop of New York scowled and impatiently threw the paper into the fire. "Valdosta?" he said, "that's where I go to the Governor's wedding of little Marguerite, my white flower—" Then he forgot the writing in his musing; but the paper flared red in the fireplace. "Valdosta?" said the black bishop in New Orleans, and turned uneasily in his chair. " I must go down there. Those colored folk are acting strangely. I don't know where all this unrest and moving will lead to. Then, there's poor Lucy—" And he threw the letter into the fire; but eyed it suspiciously, as it flamed green. " Stranger things than that have happened," he said slowly, " and ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars ... . for nation shall rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom." In San Francisco the priest of Japan, abroad to study strange lands, sat in his lacquer chair with face like soft yellow and wrinkled parchment. Slowly he wrote in a great and golden book: " I have been strangely bidden to the Vale of Dosta where one of those religious cults that swarm here will welcome a Prophet. I shall go and report to Kioto." So, in the dim waning of the day before Christmas, three bishops met in Valdosta and saw its mills and storehouses, its wide-throated and sandy streets in the mellow glow of a crimson sun. The governor glared anxiously up the street as he helped the Bishop of New York into his car and welcomed him graciously. " I am troubled," he said, " about the Niggers. They are acting queer. I'm not certain but Fleming is back of it." " Fleming? " "Yes; he's running against me next term for governor; he's a fire-brand; wants niggers to vote and all that— Pardon me a moment, there's a darky I know " and he hurried to the black bishop, who had just descended from the " Jim Crow " car, and clasped his hand cordially. They talked in whispers. " Search diligently," said the governor in parting, " and bring me word 60 THE CRISIS again." Then returning to his Guest: "You will excuse me, won't you?" he said, " but I am sorely troubled. I never saw niggers act so. They're leaving by the hundreds and those who stay are getting impudent. They seam to be expecting something. What's the crowd, Jim? " The chauffeur said that there was some sort sf Chinese official in town and everybody wanted to glimpse him. He drove around another way. It all happened very suddenly. The Bishop of New York, in full canonicals for the early wedding, stepped out on the rear balcony of his mansion, just as the dying sun lit crimson clouds of glory in the East and burned the West. " Fire! " yelled a wag in the surging crowd that was gathering to celebrate a southern Christmas Eve; all laughed and ran. The bishop did not understand. He peered around. Was it that dark little house in the far back yard that flamed? Forgetful of his robes, he hurried down—a brave white figure in the sunset. He found himself before an old black rickety stable. He could hear the mules stamping within. No, it was not fire. It was the sunset glowing through the cracks. Behind the hut its glory rose toward God like flaming wings of Cherubim. He paused until he heard the faint wail of a child. Hastily he entered. A white girl crouched before him, down by the very mules' feet, with a baby in her arms, A little mite of a baby that wailed weakly. Behind mother and child stood a shadow. The bishop turned to the right, inquiringly, and saw a black man in bishop's robes that faintly echoed his own. Hastily he turned away to the left and saw a golden Japanese in golden garb. Then he heard the black man mutter behind him: "But He was to come the second time in clouds of glory, with the nations gathered around Him and angels—" at the word a shaft of glorious light fell full upon the child, while without came the tramping of unnumbered feet and the whirring of winds. The Bishop of New York bent quickly above the baby. It was black! The bishop stepped back with a gesture of disgust, hardly listening to and yet hearing the black bishop who spoke almost as if in apology: " She ain't really white; I know Lucy—you see, her mother worked for the Governor—" The bishop turned on his heel and nearly trod on the yellow priest, who knelt with bowed head before the pale mother and offered incense and a gift of gold. Out into the night rushed the bishop. The wings of the Cherubim were folded black against the stars. As he hastened down the front stair-case, the governor came rushing up the street steps. " We are late," he cried nervously. " The Bride awaits." He hurried the bishop to the waiting limousine, asking him anxiously: " Did you hear anything?1 Do you hear that noise? The crowd is growing strangely on the streets and there seems to be a fire over toward the East.never saw so many people here—I fear violence—a mob—a lynching—hark!" What was that which the Bishop, too, heard beneath the rhythm of unnumbered feet? Deep in his heart a wonder grew. What was it? Ah, he knew. It was music—some strong and mighty chord. It rose higher as the brilliantly-lighted church split the night and swept radiantly toward them. So high and clear that music flew, it seemed above, around, behind them. The governor, ashen-faced, crouched in the car; but the bishop said softly as the ecstacy pulsed in his heart: " Such music, such wedding music! What choir is it?" EDITORIAL VICTORY "MINNEAPOLIS BRANCH and friends of the Northwest join in grateful thanks and congratula tions to you, Storey, Spingarn, Villard, and army of leaders, and friends who secured the splendid victory in Segregation fight. It is the most consoling and inspiring news received within a quarter century." "The colored citizens of Denver and Colorado desire that the Denver Branch convey to you, Moorfield Storey, and associates their deepest gratitude and appreciation of the noble work and splendid victory won before the United States Supreme Court in the Segregation cases, the most important step toward world democracy since the Civil Rights Bill." Messages like the above have come to us from many persons and places. We are thankful; and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and TH E CRISIS, in turn, pause to raise their hats to one man who bore the burden in the heat of the day, initiated the fight against segregation, carried it victoriously up through the state courts, and filed a brief in the Supreme Court case— WILLIAM ASHBIE HAWKINS, the attorney of our Baltimore Branch. Nor do we forget the heroic efforts of our branches in Louisville and St. Louis. As Moorfield Storey, our honored president says, this is the most momentous utterance of the Supreme Court since the Dred Scott decision. THE SPINGARN CAMP. HAV E just learned that 687 men have received commissions at Fort Des Moines. You know how much I have hoped and worked for this thing. You know that when I said I looked forward to the time when there would be five hundred colored commissioned officers in the American Army, it seemed to many a preposterous dream. You know that few men, white or colored, were behind me when I started my fight—very few indeed, except you and Professor Cook and Dean Pickens. And now the dream has come true. There will be many more officers, when these have proved that our faith was justified; and these men have the solemn duty of proving our faith to the whole world. Today is my daughter's birthday, and today comes this happy and inspiring news. All is not perfect in our country today, but thank heavens, there are many, many things to be proud and grateful for. J. E. SPINGARN. FIFTY THOUSAND. THE net-paid circulation of TH E CRISIS, estimating the last month of 1917, has been as follows: 1911 9,000 copies 1912 22,000 1913 27,000 " 1914 31,450 " 1915 32,156 " 1916 37,625 " 1917 40,400 " For the last three months our circulation has averaged over 44,000. The Editor of TH E CRISIS will be fifty years of age next February. He would be glad to celebrate his jubilee with a net-paid circulation of 50,000 copies. BAKER. LET us raise our hats to Newton Diehl Baker, Secretary of War. He has not done everything we could wish, but he has accomplished so much more than President Wilson or any other member of this administration that he deserves all praise. He has carried out the draft with absolute fairness, notwithstanding delays. He has put black troops in nearly every cantonment. He has commissioned nearly 700 Negro officers in the United States 62 THE Army. He has sent black troops to the front. He has made no discrimination in treatment or pay or opportunity. To be sure, we are segregated ; but that was according to a foolish law for which the Secretary was not responsible. We are not permitted to volunteer beyond our four regiments but there, again, the authority of the Secretary is, at least, in doubt. Considering his limitations and the tremendous opposition to any act of justice to the Negro, Secretary Baker has done well. And he has crowned his well-doing by appointing an official advisor who belongs to the Negro race. There remains one more thing for Secretary Baker to do. We have not yet our full quota of Negro officers. There were 86,300 Negroes called in the first draft. Allowing us no officers higher than captain, this would call for a thousand colored officers, and if we furnish 200,000 Negro troops in the second draft, as seems likely, we should have at least three thousand officers. We have at present seven hundred. We need a second officers' training camp next January. We can furnish the men; will the Government furnish the instruction? Every reader of TH E CRISIS should urge this upon Secretary Baker and upon his congressmen. Don't delay. Write immediately. EAST ST. LOUIS. THERE has been sent out from Chicago an appeal for funds which says among other things: "By our parades and protests and prayers, the Negro has succeeded in securing the Congressional investigation of these outrages, but not a dollar has been raised with which to keep someone on guard to take note of the doings of this Investigation Committee. Everyone knows that even in the case of an individual on trial his friends must give him their moral support and that he must employ a counsel to see that his in-interests are looked after. Nothing of this kind has yet been done." This statement is not true. The National Association for the Advance CRISIS ment of Colored People has already spent over $4,000 for investigation, succor, and defense. We have sent special representatives to St. Louis and have one there at present. We have hired counsel to defend accused colored men and to defend Dr. Bundy. We are prepared to expend any reasonable sum to secure justice. We have, of course, no possible objection to other persons and organizations collecting and expending such monies as they see fit, but their appeals should be based upon fact and not fancy. THE ELECTIONS. WE congratulate the women of the State of New York, white and colored, on the splendid recognition of their humanity in the last election. By this decision, 75,000 colored women became voters. We congratulate the colored people of New York on electing their first representative to the Assembly, Edward A. Johnson, and their first representative on the Board of Alderman of the greatest city in the world, James C. Thomas, Jr. N. A. A. C. P. THE following nominations for the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People have been made to be voted on at the January, 1918, annual meet ing: Professor George William Cook, Washington; Mr. Archibald H. Grim ke, Washington; the Rev. Mr. John Haynes Holmes, New York; Dr. V. Morton Jones, Brooklyn; Mr. John E. Milholland, New York; Major J. E. Spingarn, New York; Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston; Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York; Colonel Charles Young, U. S. A. (retired) ; Mr. Will iam English Walling, New York. The Seventh Annual Conference will be held in New York, December 27-30. The Treasure of thePoorfrom the French of Jean Richepin DONE INTO ENGLISH BY JESSIE FAUSET DECORATION BY LAURA WHEELER THIS is a little Christmas story for little children. However, grown ups may read it, too, and perhaps they will find in it both pleas ure and profit. I am telling the story for little folks, but I am taking care to extract its moral for big ones. I shall be fortunate if I succeed in amusing the ones and in causing the others to reflect. Once upon a time in a country whose name I no longer remember, there were two very, very poor people who possessed nothing—absolutely nothing. They had no bread to put in their cupboard, and no cupboard in which to put any bread. They had no house either in which to build a cupboard and no field in which to build a house. If they had had a field, they might have been able to earn the wherewithal to build a house. If they had had a house, they might have been able to put up a cupboard in it. And if they had had a cupboard, doubtless from time to time in one of its corners, they might have been able to find a bit of bread. By having neither field, nor house, nor cupboard, nor bread, they were indeed very, very poor people. What they missed most was the house. For of bread they received plenty out of charity, and even sometimes a bit of bacon, too, not to mention a drink of cider. But they would have preferred to fast forever and to realize that they were in their own home, in a house where they could set dry wood a-blaze and chat in front of the embers. For the best thing in the world, better even than eating, is to be in possession of four walls, for otherwise one is little better off than a roving wild beast. And these two poor folks found themselves poorer than ever one sad Christmas Eve,—sad for them only, whereas it was gay enough for everyone else who had fire that night on the hearth and their stockings hanging up in the chimney-place. As they were bemoaning their lot in the gloomy night, on the high road, they met a poor cat mewing. It was, indeed, a very poor cat, quite as badly off as themselves, for it was only skin and bones, and had no hair worth mentioning on its skin. If it had had any hair on its skin, doubtless its skin would have been in a better condition. If its skin had been in a better 63 THE CRISIS condition, doubtless it would have been strong: enough to catch mice and not to stay so thin. But having no hair, and with its poor skin clinging to its bones, it was. indeed, a very wretched cat. II Poor folks are kind folks and help each other. So these took the poor cat along with them and did not even think of eating it, but, on the contrary, gave it a little bacon which some one had given them for char ity's sake. The cat after eating began to walk in front of them and led them to an old aban doned hut. There they saw two stools and a fire-place lighted up for an instant by a ray of moonlight, which then disappeared immediately. And the cat disappeared, too, with the moonlight. So there they were seated in the shadows before the black fireplace which the absence of fire made blacker than ever. "Ah!" said they, "if only we had two or three embers. It is so cold! And it would be so fine to warm ourselves a bit and tell stories!" But alas! There wasn't any fire in the fireplace, for these were really and truly the poorest folks in the world. Suddenly two coals flared up in the back of the fireplace, two blazing coals yellow as gold. And the old man rubbed his hands together joyously and said to his wife: "Do you feel how fine and warm it is?" "Yes. indeed," replied the old lady. And she stretched out her open palms to the fire. "Blow on it," said she, "so the blaze will flare up." "No." said the man, "that will make them burn up too quickly." And they began to talk of bye-gone days, quite without sadness, because they were so completely cheered up by the sight of the two burning coals. Poor folks are satisfied with little, so these two were perfectly happy as they looked at the beautiful gift of fire which the little Christ-child had made them, and they thanked him with all their hearts. All night long they continued to tell each other stories, as they warmed their hands, sure now that the little Christ-child wished THE Y. M. C. A. AND THE WAR 65 them well, for the two coals kept on shining-fireplace the poor cat, staring at them with like pieces of gold, and it seemed impossible its big yellow eyes. for them to burn out. And it was the reflection of its eyes that And when Christmas morning came, the had made them so warm and comfortable. two poor people who had been so warm and And the cat said to them: happy all night long saw in the back of the "The treasure of the poor is illusion." THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION AND THE WAR By DR. JESSE EDWARD MOORLAND * THERE are far more dangerous foes to meet the soldier than the enemy's bullets. In no recent war has the enemy killed or disabled the largest number of men but, rather, the forces of evil which became aggravated under abnormal condi tions created by warfare. In the Spanish-American War the work of the Young Men's Christian Association was so effective and so largely depended upon for its efficient service by the Government as well as a right thinking public that the Army and Navy Department of the International Committee was organized and has been ministering to the needs of soldiers on the firing line, in forts, on battleships, in national guard camps, and wherever their services were needed. It has proven its ability to minister to men in all climes and of all races. However, the Association's largest opportunity has come in this, the world's crisis, when it is said that forty million men and boys are under arms. No sum of money needed to carry on this work has in any way daunted the ardor of the leaders, neither has the demand and * Senior Secretary, Colored Men's Department, International Committee of the Young Men's Christian Associations. call for the best trained men in the movement to leave their various fields of labor and serve in any part of the world been questioned for a moment. The service extends not only to soldiers here and over seas, on the battle front, and in hospitals but, also, to those in prison camps who need help and encouragement even more than the men who are fighting. Schools have been organized among the prisoners, bands, orchestras, and various recreational activities to offset the danger of millions of men being entirely ruined during these years of enforced idleness. The American Associations have been foremost in the furnishing of money and men for this work from the beginning of the war. When our country severed peaceful relations with Germany, the Young Men's Christian Association organized the National War Work Council, composed of many of the best men of the land, and quickly raised the sum of five million dollars to carry on this important work among our soldiers at home. In less than six months it was found necessary to plan for the raising of a sum, the like of which was never attempted to be raised in the world before by any organization for a MAX YERGAN SHELBY J. DAVIDSON R. T. WEATHERBY DR. MOORLAND, DR. CABANISS AND MESSRS. BECKETTAND DE FRANTZ AT FORT DES MOINES MAJOR WEBSTER AND MESSRS.  LLOYD AND BALLOU, "SOMEWHERE IN AFRICA" E. SNYDER W. H. KINDLE66  B. B. CHURCH THE Y.M. C. A. AND THE WAR Christian cause, viz.: thirty-five millon dollars for our work at home and over seas. In the beginning, to make sure that there would be no miscarriage of justice, a resolution was spread upon the minutes to the effect that whatever was done for white soldiers would be done in the same proportion for colored soldiers, and this is being carried out in a satisfactory way. When the Officers' Training Camp for colored men was established at Fort Des Moines, a spacious Y. M. C. A. tent was raised and became at once the rallying point, which had much to do in helping to keep the men fine in their lives during the four months' stay at that historic spot. Ice water was provided for the men, stationery was given them, writing tables, pens, and ink were furnished, stamps were kept on sale and postal cards, opportunity for sending express money orders, and many thousands of dollars were sent home in this way by the men. Arrangements were made with a bank to pay the men off at the Y. M. C. A. tent. Mr. Robert B. DeFrantz, whose life and work largely made possible the splendid association equipment in Kansas City for colored men, was the secretary. Mr. William H. J. Beckett, a physical director of thorough training and large experience, had charge of the physical work. Dr. George W. Cabaniss, Chairman of the Y. M. C. A. Branch in Washington, and a prominent physician, entered the camp with the men on the first day and left with them on the last day. During that time, he gave his services free of charge, working with the secretaries. His services were so important that the Colonel remarked to me that he could not have gotten on without him. The handing out of a sheet of paper, filling the water tanks, picking up scraps of paper, etc., were cheerfully done by Dr. Cabaniss as a matter of service and help to the men in camp. The large tent provided ample facility for entertainments, lectures, and religious meeetings. A Sunday School was organized and conducted by the men themselves— Bible classes and religious meetings were regularly held. Nearly two hundred of these young men made their first promise to follow Jesus Christ while in camp. These secretaries formed a link between the men and the officers and were often sought as friendly counsellors concerning matters of far reaching importance to both. It would be hard to write the story of this training camp and leave the Y. M. C. A. out. The work in the cantonments where the drafted men are in training is and will be even more interesting. It was a question as to what would happen when colored men would be called into the cantonments in the South. The first men called, entered Camp Gordon in Atlanta, Ga. They were met by our secretary, who proved to be a link between them and the young southern officers who were to train these men. These officers showed the men every courtesy and manifested deep interest in them. The Colonel, a native of Tennessee and a West Pointer with eighteen years of experience with colored troops, quickly demanded that one of the Y. M. C. A. buildings in the camp be turned over to his men. This was done. It proved a rallying point, for the men crowded it until many climbed on the rafters that they might enjoy the first entertainment provided by good citizens of the city, the officers, and the men themselves; so, at once, a spirit of good feeling was created and in a few days colored soldiers were as much a matter of fact in that camp as white soldiers. What is true here is true of most if not all the cantonments. Buildings are provided in most of the cantonments, except where the weather may be warm enough to work in a tent. Where there is a regiment of men five secretaries are provided: An executive secretary, and one each for religious, physical, educational and social work. Some of our leading men in professional and business life have been called to turn aside from their work to render service in this way. Dr. Cabaniss, of whom I have spoken, giving up his practice, for the time being, to become secretary at Camp Meade, and Mr. Shelby J. Davidson, a prominent lawyer and real estate man, giving up his business to become secretary at Camp Dix. These are examples of many other patriotic men of the race. Not only is there effective work through the Association being done for our soldiers in camp at home, but General Pershing had hardly gotten to France before we were cabled to send two capable colored secretaries for work among our troops over seas. Two splendid men were willing, one of them to sacrifice home and accept a much smaller salary and the other to turn aside from professional preparation in school, to go. THE CRISIS Before they sailed the request came for two more, and already a college president and a leading minister have offered their services, and as our troops go over seas others of our very best men will be called upon to go with them. There is another phase of this beneficent work which challenges our attention. One night in May, 1915, the National Secretary of War Work in the Far East made an appeal for forty men to go into parts of the world where soldiers were fighting, surrounded with every conceivable danger of life known to man. The reward for service offered them was most likely a body broken with disease and maybe death. However, the tremendous needs made the challenge attractive to red blooded men. Max Yergan, the youngest member of my staff, student secretary for the Southwest, a graduate of Shaw University, only twenty-five years old, strong, courageous, devout, faithful in caring for every detail of responsibility entrusted to him, heard that call and went out to India. Not a question was raised by our Committee regarding his race. The reports of his service to troops and of his splendid addresses at mission stations in India are most encouraging. After some months, at his own request, he went with a number of troops to British East Africa, where he has been serving East Indian troops, West Indian troops, British troops, South African troops, and native troops from many parts of Africa, rendering a service which almost parallels the labors of the Apostle Paul himself. He has suffered with the fever, he has been surrounded with every danger known to man in that region. He is now broken in health and is on his way home; but his story will be like that of Livingstone. Last Christmas day he only had palm trees for Christmas trees and the sands of the desert for presents, but he told the Christmas story to more than three thousand men who had never heard of Christmas. He went from hospital to hospital in his little "Ford" machine and from camp to camp in the spirit of the Christ,—sometimes near the coast and at others far in the interior, under the shadow of Kilima Njaro, the tallest mountain in Africa, whose summit is covered with eternal snow; many nights without shelter, with small quantities of unwholesome food,—yet the ring of his letters never showed any sign of dissatisfaction with the discomforts, but joy at the privilege of service. It was not long after his arrival in Africa before we were cabled to send six more men to join him in his work. To the colleges we went for these men, and the young men of this promising race were willing to consider the claims of this great need. A little less than a year ago Lloyd, from Howard University, and Ballou, from Knoxville College, sailed and they have been working for many months with Yergan. A few months later, Richey, from Fisk, and Pritchett, from Lincoln University, started on what proved to be a perilous journey, for when in sight of Table Mountain, South Africa, their vessel unfortunately struck a floating mine and was lost. For hours they with others were tossed in their little boat by the waves of the briny deep. It was fortunate that they with most of those aboard, though not all, were rescued; however, they lost all they possessed. Not one word of murmur came from them, as they have written to their friends, but they have rather rejoiced in the privilege of suffering that they might minister to others. An industrial leader has been asked for along with other men for this important field, and these picked men will shortly sail. This means more than a Y. M. C. A. movement; it means the movement which will open the doors of this great continent in a way they have never been opened to such of our young manhood and womanhood who will be willing to give others the chance they themselves have had, and may it not be seen by those who scan this article that the men referred to at the beginning, many of whom are sleeping in some favored corner of a school campus, did not labor in vain, but the same heroism which they manifested in their lives has been imparted to their spiritual sons. Today the Young Men's Christian Association has the opportunity of serving our men in uniform in such a manner that health and morals may be saved for the more difficult and longer task of helping to rebuild and regain many things lost in the war—still more important that they be saved to make right use of larger opportunities which are bound to follow. This task the Association is pledged to fulfill in honor and for the sake of those at home who care. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People SEGREGATION. THE first city ordinance to segregate Negroes in residential districts was passed in Baltimore, Md., December 10, 1910. In less than a month this law was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of Maryland in a case brought by an N. A. A. C. P. attorney, Mr. Ashbie Hawkins. A second ordinance was enacted April 7, 1911 and re-enacted May 15. In June, 1913, this enactment was declared unconstitutional. A third ordinance was introduced and the final decision in the Court of Appeals was withheld, pending the decision of the Supreme Court. Meantime, ordinances were passed in various parts of the country as follows: 1912—Winston-Salem and Mooresville, N. C. 1913—Madisonville, Ky., Birmingham, Ala., Atlanta, Ga., Richmond, Norfolk and Roanoke, Va., Ashville, N. C. 1914—Louisville, Ky. 1916—St. Louis, Mo., Dallas, Tex., and since then ordinances have been passed in various cities of Texas and Oklahoma. These ordinan?es have been upheld by the courts of Georgia and Kentucky and thrown out by the courts of North Carolina, Georgia, and Missouri. Finally, the Louisville case reached the Supreme Court of the United States. It was argued April 11, 1916, and re-argued April 27, 1917. The unanimous decision of the Court, which follows in full, was handed down November 5, 1917. SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES No. 33—OCTOBER TERM, 1917. Charles H. Buchanan, Plaintiff in Error, j i  Error to the Court of n vs. &gt; Appeals of the State William Warley. j of Kentucky. [November 5, 1917.] Mr. Justice DAY delivered the opinion of the Court. Buchanan, plaintiff in error, brought an action in the Chancery Branch of Jefferson Circuit Court of Kentucky for the specific performance of a contract for the sale of certain real estate situated in the City of Louisville at the corner of 37th Street and Pflanz Avenue. The offer in writing to purchase the property contained a proviso: "It is understood that I am purchasing the above property for the purpose of having erected thereon a house which I propose to make my residence, and it is a distinct part of this agreement that I shall not be required to accept a deed to the above property or to pay for said property unless I have the right under the laws of the State of Kentucky and the City of Louisville to occupy said property as a residence." This offer was accepted by the plaintiff. To the action for specific performance the defendant by way of answer set up the condition above set forth, that he is a colored person, and that on the block of which the lot in controversy is a part, there are ten residences, eight of which at the time of the making of the contract were occupied by white people, and only two (those nearest the lot in question) were occupied by colored people, and that under and by virtue of the ordinance of the City of Louisville, approved May 11, 1914, he would not be allowed to occupy the lot as a place of residence. In reply to this answer the plaintiff set up, among other things, that the ordinance was in conflict with the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and hence no defense to the action for specific performance of the contract. In the court of original jurisdiction in Kentucky, and in the Court of Appeals of that State, the case was made to turn upon the constitutional validity of the ordinance. The Court of Appeals of Kentucky, 165 Ky. 559, held the ordinance valid and of itself a complete defense to the action.' The title of the ordinance is: "An ordinance to prevent conflict and ill-feeling between the white and colored races in the City of Louisville, and to preserve the public peace and promote the general welfare by making reasonable provisions requiring as far as practicable, the use of separate blocks for residences, places, of abode, and places of assembly by white and colored people respectively." By the first section of the ordinance it is made unlawful for any colored person to move into and occupy as. a residence, place of abode, or to establish and maintain as a 69 THE CRISIS place of public assembly any house upon any block upon which a greater number of houses are occupied as residences, places of abode, or places of public assembly by white people than are occupied as residences, places of abode, or places of public assembly by colored people. Section 2 provides that it shall be unlawful for any white person to move into and occupy as a residence, place of abode, or to establish and maintain as a place of public assembly any house upon any block upon which a greater number of houses are occupied as residences, places of abode or places of public assembly by colored people than are occupied as residences, places of abode or places of public assembly by white people. Section 4 provides that nothing in the ordinance shall affect the location of residences, places of abode or places of assembly made previous to its approval; that nothing contained therein shall be construed so as to prevent the occupancy of residences, places of abode or places of assembly by white or colored servants or employees of occupants of such residences, places of abode or places of public assembly on the block on which they are so employed, and that nothing therein contained shall be construed to prevent any person who, at the date of the passage of the ordinance, shall have acquired or possessed the right to occupy any building as a residence, place of abode or place of assembly from exercising such a right; that nothing contained in the ordinance shall prevent the owner of any building, who when the ordinance became effective, leased, rented, or occupied it as a residence, place of abode or place of public assembly for colored persons, from continuing to rent, lease or occupy such residence, place of abode or place of assembly for such persons, if the owner shall so desire; but if such house should, after the passage of the ordinance, be at any time leased, rented or occupied as a residence, place of abode or place of assembly for white persons, it shall not thereafter be used for colored persons, if such occupation would then be a violation of section one of the ordinance; that nothing contained in the ordinance shall prevent the owner of any building, who when the ordinance became effective, leased, rented or occupied it as a residence, place of abode, or place of assembly for white persons from continuing to rent, lease or occupy such residence, place of abode or place of assembly for such purpose, if the owner shall so desire, but if such household, after the passage of the ordinance, be at any time leased, rented or occupied as a residence, place of abode or place of assembly for colored persons, then it shall not thereafter be used for white persons, if such occupation would then be a violation of Section Two thereof. The ordinance contains other sections and a violation of its provisions is made an offense. The assignments of error in this court attack the ordinance upon the ground that it violates the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, in that it abridges the privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States to acquire and enjoy property, takes property without due process of law, and denies equal protection of the laws. The objection is made that this writ of error should be dismissed because the alleged denial of constitutional rights involves only the rights of colored persons, and the plain tiff in error is a white person. This court has frequently held that while an unconstitu tional act is no law, attacks upon the validity of laws can only be entertained when made by those whose rights are directly affected by the law or ordinance in question. Only such persons, it has been settled, can be heard to attack the constitutionality of the law or ordinance. But this case does not run counter to that principle. The property here involved was sold by the plaintiff in error, a white man, on the terms stated, to a colored man; the action for specific performance was entertained in the court below, and in both courts the plaintiff's right to have the contract enforced was denied solely because of the effect of the ordinance making it illegal for a colored person to occupy the lot sold. But for the ordinance the state courts would have enforced the contract, and the defendant would have been compelled to pay the purchase price and take a conveyance of the premises. The right of the plaintiff in error to sell his property was directly involved and necessarily impaired because it was held in effect that he could not sell the lot to a person of color who was willing and ready to acquire the property, and had obligated himself to take it. This case does not come within the class wherein this court has held that where one seeks to avoid the enforcement of a law or ordinance he must present a grievance of his own, and not rest the attack upon the alleged violation of another's rights. In this case the property rights of the plaintiff in error are directly and necessarily involved. See Truax v. Raich, 239 U. S. 33, 38. We pass then to a consideration of the case upon its merits. This ordinance prevents the occupancy of a lot in the City of Louisville by a person of color in a block where the greater number of residences are occupied by white persons; where such a majority exists colored persons are excluded. This interdiction is based wholly upon color; simply that and nothing more. In effect, premises situated as are those in question in the so-called white block are effectively debarred from sale to persons of color, because if sold they cannot be occupied by the purchaser nor by him sold to another of the same color. This drastic measure is sought to be justified under the authority of the State in the exercise of the police power. It is said such legislation tends to promote the public N. A. A. C. P. peace by preventing racial conflicts; that it tends to maintain racial purity; that it prevents the deterioration of property owned and occupied by white people, which deterioration, it is contended, is sure to follow the occupancy of adjacent premises by persons of color. The authority of the State to pass laws in the exercise of the police power, having for their object the promotion of the public health, safety and welfare is very broad as has been affirmed in numerous and recent decisions of this court. Furthermore the exercise of this power, embracing' nearly all legislation of a local character is not to be interfered with by the courts where it is within the scope of legislative authority and the means adopted reasonably tend to accomplish a lawful purpose. But it is equally well established that the police power, broad as it is, cannot justify the passage of a law or ordinance which runs counter to the limitations of the Federal Constitution; that principle has been so frequently affirmed in this court that we need not stop to cite the cases. The Federal Constitution and laws passed within its authority are by the express terms of that instrument made the supreme law of the land. The Fourteenth Amendment protects life, liberty, and property from invasion by the states without due process of law. Property is more than the mere thing which a person owns. It is elementary that it includes the right to acquire, use, and dispose of it. The Constitution protects these essential attributes of property. Holden v. Hardy, 169 U. S. 366. 391. Property consists of the free use. enjoyment, and disposal of a person's acquisitions without control or diminution save by the law of the land. 1 Blackstone's Commentaries, (Cooley's Ed.) 127. True it is that dominion over property springing from ownership, is not absolute and unqualified. The disposition and use of property may he controlled in the exercise of the police power in the interest of the public health, convenience, or welfare. Harmful occupations may be controlled and regulated. Legitimate business may also be regulated in the interest of the public. Certain uses of property may be confined to portions of the municipality other than the resident district, such as livery stables, brickyards and the like, because of the impairment of the health and comfort of the occupants of neighboring property. Many illustrations might be given from the decisions of this court, and other courts, of this principle, but these cases do not touch the one at bar. The concrete Question here is: May the occupancy, and. necessarily, the purchase and sale of property of which occupancy is an incident, he inhibited b y the states, or by one of its municipalities, solely because of the color of the proposed occupant of the premises? That one may dispose of his property, subject only to the control of lawful enactments curtailing that right in the public interest, must be conceded. The question now presented makes it pertinent to enquire into the constitutional right of the white man to sell his property to a colored man, having in view the legal status of the pur chaser and occupant. Following the Civil War certain amendments to the Federal Constitution were adopted, which have become an integral part of that instrument, equally binding upon all the states and fixing certain fundamental rights which all are bound to respect. The Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery in the United States and in all places subject to their jurisdiction, and gave Congress power to enforce the Amendment by appro priate legislation. The Fourteenth Amendment made all persons born or naturalized in the United States, citizens of the United States and of the states in which they reside, and provided that no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States, and that no state shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person the equal protection of the laws. The effect of these amendments was first dealt with by this court in The Slaughter House Cases, 16 Wallace 36. The reasons for the adoption of the amendments were elaborately considered by a court familiar with the times in which the necessity for the amendments arose and with the circumstances which impelled their adoption. In that case Mr. Justice Miller, who spoke for the majority. pointed out that the colored race having been freed from slavery by the Thirteenth Amendment, was raised to the dignity of citizenship and equality of civil rights by the Fourteenth Amendment, and the states were prohibited from abridging the privileges and immunities of such citizens, or depriving any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. While a principle purpose of the latter Amendment was to protect persons of color, the broad language used was deemed sufficient to protect all persons, white or black, against dis criminatory legislation by the states. This is now the settled law. In many of the cases since arising the question of color has not been involved and the cases have been decided upon alleged violations of civil or property rights irrespective of the race or color of the complainant. In The Slaughter House Cases it was recognized that the chief induce ment to the passage of the amendment was the desire to extend Federal protection to the recently emancipated race from unfriendly and discriminating legislation by the states. 72 THE CRISIS In Strauder v. West Virginia, 100 U. S. 303, this court held that a colored person charged with an offense was denied due process of law by a statute which prevented colored men from sitting on the jury which tried him. Mr. Justice Strong,"speaking for the court, again reviewed the history of the Amendments, and among other things, in speaking of the Fourteenth Amendment, said: "It (the Fourteenth Amendment) was designed to assure to the colored race the enjoyment of all the civil rights that under the law are enjoyed by white persons, and to give to that race the protection of the general government, in that enjoyment, whenever it should be denied by the States. It not only gave citizenship and privileges of citizenship to persons of color but it denied to any State the power to withhold from them the equal protection of the laws, and authorized Congress to enforce its provisions by appropriate legislation. .. . It ordains that no State shall make or enforce any laws which may abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States. . . . It ordains that no State shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, or deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. "What is this but declaring that the laws in the States shall be the same for the black as for the white, that all persons, whether colored or white, shall stand equal before the laws of the States, and, in regard to the colored race, (for whose protection the Amendment was primarily designed) that no discrimination shall be made against them by law because of their color? . . . "The Fourteenth Amendment makes no attempt to enumerate the rights it designs to protect. It speaks in general terms and those are as comprehensive as possible. Its language is prohibitory; but every prohibition implies the existence of rights and immunities, prominent among which is an immunity from inequality of legal protection either for life, liberty or property. Any State action which denies this immunity to a colored man is in conflict with the Constitution." Again this court in Ex. parte Virginia, 100 U. S. 339, 347, speaking of the Fourteenth Amendment, said: "Whoever, by virtue of public position under a State Government, deprives another of property, life or liberty, without due process of law, or denies or takes away the equal protection of the laws, violates the constitutional inhibition; and as he acts in the name and for the State and is clothed with the State's power, his act is that of the State." In giving legislative aid to these constitutional provisions Congress enacted in 1866, Chap. 31, Sec. 1, 14th Stat. 27, that: "All citizens of the United States shall have the same right in every State and Territory, as is enjoyed by white citizens thereof to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal property." And in 1870, by Chap. 114, Sec. 16, 16th Stat. 144, that: "All persons within the jurisdiction of the United States shall have the same right in every State and Territory to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, give evidence, and to the full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the security of persons and property as is enjoyed by white citizens, and shall be subject to like punishment, pains, penalties, taxes, licenses and exactions of every kind, and no other." In the face of these constitutional and statutory provisions, can a white man be denied, consistently with due process of law, the right to dispose of his property to a purchaser by prohibiting the occupation of it for the sole reason that the purchaser is a person of color intending to occupy the premises as a place of residence? The statute of 1866, originally passed under sanction of the Thirteenth Amendment, 14 Stat. 27, and practically reenacted after the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment, 16 Stat. 144, expressly provided that all citizens of the United States in any state shall have the same right to purchase property as is enjoyed by white citizens. Colored persons are citizens of the United States and have the right to purchase property and enjoy and use the same without laws discriminating against them solely on account of color. Hall v. DeCuir, 95 U. S. 485. 508. These enactments did not deal with the social rights of men, but with those fundamental rights in property which it was intended to secure upon the same terms to citizens of every race and color. Civil Rights Cases, 109 U. S. 3, 22. The Fourteenth Amendment and these statutes enacted in furtherance of its purpose operate to qualify and entitle a colored man to acquire property without state legislation discriminating against him solely because of color. The defendant in error insists that Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 U. S. 537, is controlling in principle in favor of the judgment of the court below. In that case this court held that a provision of a statute of Louisiana requiring railway companies carrying passengers to provide in their coaches equal but separate accommodations for the white and colored races did not run counter to the provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment. It is to be observed that in that case there was no attempt to deprive persons of color of transportation in the coaches of the public carrier, and the express requirements were for equal though separate accommodations for the white and colored races. In Plessy v. Ferguson, classification of accommodations was permitted upon the basis of equality for both races. N. A. A. C. P. In the Berea College Case, 211 U. S. 45, a state statute was sustained in the courts of Kentucky, which, while permitting the education of white persons and Negroes in different localities by the same incorporated institution, prohibited their attendance at the same place, and in this court the judgment of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky was affirmed solely upon the reserved authority of the legislature of Kentucky to alter, amend, or repeal charters of its own corporations, and the question here involved was neither discussed nor decided. In Carey v. City of Atlanta, 143 Ga. 192, the Supreme Court of Georgia, holding an ordinance, similar in principle to the one herein involved, to be invalid, dealt with Plessy v. Ferguson, and The Berea College Case, in language so apposite that we quote a portion of it: "In each instance the complaining person was afforded the opportunity to ride, or to attend institutions of learning, or afforded the thing of whatever nature to which in the particular case he was entitled. The most that was done was to require him as a member of a class to conform with reasonable rules in regard to the separation of the races. In none of them was he denied the right to use, control, or dispose of his property, as in this case. Property of a person, whether as a member of a class or as an individual, cannot be taken without due process of law. In the recent case of McCabe v. Atchison, etc., Ry. Co., 235 U. S. 151, where the court had under consideration a statute which allowed railroad companies to furnish dining-cars for white people and to refuse to furnish dining-cars altogether for colored persons, this language was used in reference to the contentions of the attorney-general; 'This argument with respect to volume of traffic seems to us to be without merit. It makes the constitutional right depend upon the number of persons who may be discriminated against, whereas the essence of the constitutional right is that it is a personal one.' . . . "The effect of the ordinance under consideration was not merely to regulate a business or the like, but was to destroy the right of the individual to acquire, enjoy, and dispose of his property. Being of this character it was void as being opposed to the due-process clause of the constitution." That there exists a serious and difficult problem arising from a feeling of race hostility which the law is powerless to control, and to which it must give a measure of consideration, may be freely admitted. But its solution cannot be promoted by depriving citizens of their constitutional rights and privileges. As we have seen, this court has held laws valid which separated the races on the basis of equal accommodations in public conveyances, and courts of high authority have held enactments lawful which provide for separation in the public schools of white and colored pupils where equal privileges are given. But in view of the rights secured by the Fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution such legislation must have its limitations, and cannot be sustained where the exercise of authority exceeds the restraints of the Constitution. We think these limitations are exceeded in laws and ordinances of the character now before us. It is the purpose of such enactments, and, it is frankly avowed it will be their ultimate effect, to require by law, at least in residential districts, the compulsory separation of the races on account of color. Such action is said to be essential to the maintenance of the purity of the races, although it is to be noted in the ordinance under consideration that the employment of colored servants in white families is permitted, and nearby residences of colored persons not coming within the blocks, as defined in the ordinance, are not prohibited. The case presented does not deal with an attempt to prohibit the amalgamation of the races. The right which the ordinance annulled was the civil right of a white man to dispose of his property if he saw fit to do so to a person of color and of a colored person to make such disposition to a white person. It is urged that this proposed segregation will promote the public peace by preventing race conflicts. Desirable as this is, and important as is the preservation of the public peace, this aim cannot be accomplished by laws or ordinances which deny rights created or protected by the Federal Constitution. It is said that such acquisitions by colored persons depreciate property owned in the neighborhood by white persons. But property may be acquired by undesirable white neighbors or put to disagreeable though lawful uses with like results. We think this attempt to prevent the alienation of the property in question to a person of color was not a legitimate exercise of the police power of the State, and is in direct violation of the fundamental law enacted in the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution preventing state interference with property rights except by due process of law. That being the case the ordinance cannot stand. Booth v. Illinois, 184 U. S. 425, 429; Otis v. Parker, 187 U. S. 606, 609. Reaching this conclusion it follows that the judgment of the Kentucky Court of Appeals must be reversed, and the cause remanded to that court for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion. Reversed. Men of the Month TO THE RESCUE THE War Council of the Young Women's Christian Association has pledged itself to raise four million dollars for work among women in relation to war conditions. Two hundred thousand dollars is being used in Negro communities affected by the war. This work is under the direction of Miss Eva D. Bowles, secretary for colored work in cities. Miss Bowles was educated in the public schools of Columbus, Ohio, and taught in Lexington, Ky., Lawrenceville, Va., Raleigh and Beaufort, N. C. She has been a district visitor for the Associated Charities in Columbus and volunteer worker for the Charity Organization Society in New York. She is a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the National Convention of Charities and Correction, and the National Federation of Women's Clubs. Miss Bowles became interested in the society in which she now holds so important a position seven years ago, through being secretary of the Colored Branch in New York City. During these years of work she has developed plans for the proper supervision of work and recreation. The plans which she is putting' in effect have, of course, been affected by the war crisis, but they are essentially the same ones that she has slowly matured through years of dealing with the handicaps of the race. A MISSIONARY THE Rev. G. M. P. King, D.D., Professor at Virginia Union University, died October 8 at Christiansburg, Va. With the passing of Dr. King, the colored people have lost a tried and true friend. From the pastorate of a northern church, Dr. King, at the outbreak of the Civil War, entered the service of the United States Christian Commission, whose work during the Civil War corresponded very closely to the present war work of the Y. M. C. A. At the close of the war, feeling the need of the colored people, he gave himself to work among them, serving under the auspices of the American Baptist Home Mission Society from then until the time of his death. For many years he was president of Way-land Seminary at Washington, D. C, and when that school united with Richmond Theological Seminary to form Virginia Union University he moved to Richmond and has served there continuously. AN INVESTIGATOR OF CRIME CLEVELAND BUCHANAN was born in Shelbyville, Tenn., June 9, 1899, and was educated there and at Tuskegee. Subsequent to that time he was manager of a stock farm in Virginia and director of the agricultural department at Normal, Ala. In 1914 he went to Los Angeles, Cal., and gave his spare moments to the study of criminal investigations. On May 9, 1916, he was appointed by the District Attorney as Criminal Investigator and March 1, 1917, was reappointed for four years. The position is one of the most responsible ever held by a Negro in the State of California. A YOUNG PHYSICIAN TRAVIS JAMES JOHNSON was born in Chichester, England, July 30, 1883, and died in New York City, July 12, 1917, at the age of thirty-four years. He was the son of the late Dr. Johnson and was brought to America in infancy. He was educated in the public schools, graduating from DeWitt Clinton High School and the College of the City of New York and receiving his degree of M.D. from the College of Physicians and Surgeons at the age of twenty-four years. He left at his sudden and painful death a widow and one infant son. He was a man of unusual ability and made a striking record during his course in medicine. If he could have devoted himself to research, as his teachers advised him, he might have made a great name in the medical world. DABNEY WENDELL PHILLIPS DABNEY was born in Richmond, Va., November 4, 1865. He was educated in the public schools and at Oberlin College. For a few years he taught school; then he turned his attention to music, teaching in leading families of Richmond and 'Cincinnati. He is a master of the guitar and has published several pamphlets on musical methods. Today he is editor of The Union and Assistant Paymaster of the City of Cincinnati, a responsible position and an unusual one for one of his race. All of this, however, says little about the real man. He is genuine, unafraid, and strikingly original. 74 THE LATE DR. G. M. P. KING CLEVELAND BUCHANAN MISS EVA D. BOWLES W. P. DABNEY THE LATE DR. T. J. JOHNSON 75 THE NEGRO AND THE WAR DEPARTMENT By EMMETT JAY SCOTT, Special Assistant to the Secretary of War THE CRISIS asked Mr. Scott for the following statement. Mr. Scott was born in Houston, Tex., February 13, 1873, and educated at Wiley University. He began life as a newspaper man and became secretary to the late Booker T. Washington in 1897. He is secretary of the National Negro Business League and was a member of the American Commission to Liberia. He is joint author with Lyman Beecher Stowe of a biographyof Mr. Washington. Mr. Scott still retains his position as secretary of Tuskegee Institute. THE Secretary of War recognizes that in the unqualified support of this group of Americans, "whom I have the honor to represent, he, in Our Country's Defense, has behind him an asset of appreciable value in the prosecution of the present war. On the other hand, he is equally desirous that we, as American citizens, shall have full and free opportunity to participate, as officers, as soldiers, and as loyal, self-sacrificing citizens, in this, the greatest conflict of all the ages, and that now and hereafter we shall receive the rewards which justly follow upon services well rendered. The reason which actuated the Secretary of War in this matter is, perhaps, most clearly stated by the Mobile News-Item, a southern white newspaper, in EMMETT an editorial which appeared in its issue of October 5, 1917, under the caption: "The Negro Recognized." With due apology for citing this article, because of the personal reference therein made, I venture to quote the following extract: "The appointment is a wise move and a wise selection. While the Government is coordinating all the interests of the country in the movement to win the war with Germany, it should not overlook the colored people. Thousands of them have been drafted and are being trained for duty in the trenches. They are to wear their country's uniform and represent their country in the greatest conflict of all times. Millions will stay at home tilling the fields and working in the country's industries. They have their problems no less than others, and it is well that one who knows them so intimately is to advise the Government how to meet those problems." All who are conversant with the history of our race in this country know that there are and likely will be problems arising out of the presence of white and colored soldiers in National Army cantonments an d in National Guard camps, aside from many other delicate matters which have, and will, come up during the progress of the war, involving relationships between the races. It is highly desirable that all these matters shall be equitably adjusted with the minimum of friction in order to produce SCOTT JAYth e maximum of efficiency, to the end that all groups of Americans may work together in harmony and present a solid front to a dangerous and united foreign foe. I am not unmindful of the fact that the Secretary of War has not sought to honor an individual but to recognize the just claims of a race. Therefore, acting in this representative capacity, it is highly essential and earnestly desired that I have behind me the loyal support of the thoughtful men and women of our race, and I shall value and appreciate at all times their counsel and suggestions. 76 The Looking Glass LITERATURE CHAPLAIN T. G. STEWARD writes in The New Republic: Many years ago, at a religious meeting in the woods in Georgia which I was carrying on, a tall black woman broke out with this song which seemed to have been born on the occasion: Dark clouds a-risin'! Thunder-bolts a-bustin'! Master Jesus comes a-ridin' by With a rainbow on his shoulder. We take great pleasure in announcing three books of poetry from colored poets, who belong peculiarly to THE CRISIS: The Cornhill Company, Boston, announces "Fifty Years and Other Poems" by James Weldon Johnson, with an introduction by Brander Matthews. There will be a limited edition of 110 copies on Japan vellum at five dollars per copy, and a popular edition at $1.25. The same company will, also, issue a book of poems by Mrs. Georgia Douglass Johnson. Mr. Roscoe C. Jamison will shortly issue a book of poems. Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, who supervises the Music and Art notes for THE CRISIS, will issue her second book, "The Message of the Trees," in December. The publishers are The Cornhill Company, Boston. The price is two dollars. Mrs. Hare has had two articles recently in The Musical Observer. G. Schirmer, Inc., announce the first volume of a Book of Negro Songs by Natalie Curtis. Mrs. Curtis-Burmarr has been studying these songs under the auspices of Hampton Institute. An interesting article on "The Superiority of the Mulatto" is in the July issue of The American Journal of Sociology. The author, E. B. Reuter, has his figures wrong; he assumes, for instance, that there are only four full-blooded Negroes on THE CRISIS list of 139 distinguished colored men. As a matter of fact, there are fifteen. He asserts, however, that: The possession of inferior civilization in itself proves nothing in regard to the race's capacity for cultural advancement. The fact must be taken in connection with the opportunity which the race has had for the acquisition of civilization. Achievement alone is not a test. Culture is a social product, not a biological fact. Its absence from a race no more proves that the ability to acquire the culture is missing from the race than the absence of higher education in the individual proves his mental incapacity to receive such training. Of course, his original assumption of a "pure" Negro race is as nonsensical as that of a "pure" white race would be. We have received two pamphlets from oppressed peoples which we recommend to all our readers: Lajpat Rai, an East Indian, has published "An Open Letter" to Lloyd George (Huebsch, New York, twenty-five cents) in which he says: No Indian can speak the WHOLE TRUTH while in India. The criminal laws of your Government—your Penal and Criminal Codes, Seditious Meetings and Conspiracy Acts, and Press Laws, your tribunals presided over by your own people unaided by jurors—effectively gag his mouth. Mrs. Hannah Sheehy Skeffington has published "Democracy in Ireland Since 1913," in which she says: And when peace comes, Ireland, with the other small nations, will stand at the doors of The Hague conference, and will claim her rights from the community of nations. Shall peace bring freedom to Belgium and Poland, perhaps to Finland and Bohemia, and not to Ireland? Must Irish freedom be gained in blood, or will the comity of nations, led by the United States, shame a weakened England into putting into practice at home the principles which are so loudly trumpeted for the benefit of Germany? We have received the following pamphlets: "The Chelonia," a scientific study of turtles, etc., by Dr. H. M. Leon, published by La Societe Internationale De Philologie, etc.; a "Discours, prononce par M. William H. Hunt," our colored consul to St. Etienne in France and published by the University of France; J. H. Robinson has issued an Arizona Cook Book at one dollar, which is full of recipes. THE TURNING OF THE TIDE THERE can scarcely be a doubt that after fifty-four years of oppression, which at times became almost unbearable, the tide against the Negro in the United States has been turned, and that from now on we may expect to see the walls of prejudice gradually crumble before the onslaught of common sense and racial progress. Anyone who doubts this should read the comments of southern white papers on the draft. They are so extraordinary and from papers of so many shades of opinion that 77 78 THE we append a number without comment: It is the marvel of the South, as it ought to be the admiration of the whole United States, that when the colored man in the hard stages of the war, through which we are beginning to pass, is being put to the test, he is measuring up to the full valuation of a citizen and a patriot. There has been nothing wanting about him. In every activity to which the mind of the country has been directed since it was committed by its great President to war, the Negro has fulfilled his obligation. There has not only been a total absence of resistance, but there has been, rather, a hearty response to every appeal of the government, a thorough fitting-in with every enterprise that had of necessity to be founded, first of all, upon a spirit of patriotism. These multiplied diversities need not be enumerated. What the colored man has done is made all the more glittering by what he has refused to do. His efforts and activities speak in terms of eloquence that become the despair of those who seek to portray them.— Charlotte, N. C, News. The Negroes have met the first test admirably. Both the drafted men and the Negro leaders of South Carolina have earned the commendation of them which is being freely voiced by white citizens everywhere. The leaders have realized, as it was hoped they would, that in a way their race is on trial. Evidently, they are determined that it shall acquit itself well.— Charleston, S. C, News and Courier. It is not necessary to go further than Latin America to look for examples of ca pable Negro officers. There is no doubt about the courage of American Negroes as soldiers. There will be no doubt about the capacity of the Negro candidates who have won commissions in the Officers' Reserve Camp at Des Moines. Officered by men of their own race, the Negroes will experience an increase of pride. They will exhibit a spirit of rivalry and increased ambition to make a creditable showing in battle.— Louisville, Ky., Courier-Journal. This is a great experiment that the government has been making, and up to now there has been no cause for regret. Let us all, white and black, keep it that way.— Columbia, S. C, Record. And if these things are taken into full consideration, and the proper spirit of tolerance and the proper decorum is manifested by both whites and Negroes, each race deporting itself according to the principles of reason, justice and moderation, Camp Gordon will turn out a complement of as fine colored troops as ever stood in uniform, and of which the South and the entire nation will be proud.— Atlanta, Ga., Constitution. It is the rank, not the individual, who is saluted. The military regulations are plain on this point, and we of the South, however hard it comes to us, must see to it that our CRISIS spirit is that of America and the National Army in every particular. The Negroes are soldiers like the white men, ready to face the same conditions and perils and ready to pour out their blood as freely as if they were white. If General John B. Castleman, as he says, can cheerfully salute a Negro soldier, then any son of a Confederate can do the same.— Louisville, Ky., Times. The Negro in the South is more fortunate than his brother in the North; but the problem of participation in the affairs of government is not settled satisfactorily to them. They are paying our debt, the world's debt, with their blood. They are equal in military service, and the day is coming when they will work themselves into a position to demand and receive equal suffrage. When they do, the Negro problem will then have been settled. Those who go to war willingly have done much to win the first mile-stone in that journey. —Thomasville, Ga., Times-Enterprise. Note, if you please, the astonishing turn given the argument by this last paper. The Greensboro, N. C, Daily News mentions this same matter: The Negro is taxed. Now he has been called upon to fight for his country. In the future, will it be possible under the unwritten law, or such laws as the Grandfather Clause, to impose upon the Negro the duties and responsibilities of citizenship, and deny to him the privileges of citizenship? If he is told that he must come forward in the performance of a common duty, will it be possible to tell him in the future that whereas he must register for a possible casualty list, he cannot register for the voting list? The Vicksburg, Miss., Herald adds this noteworthy, even if negative, testimony: The Herald looks with no favor upon drafting southern Negroes at all, believing they should be exempt in toto because they do not equally "share in the benefits of government." To say they do is to take issue with the palpable truth. "Taxation without representation," the war cry of the Revolutionary War against Great Britain, was not half so plain a wrong as requiring military service from a class that is denied suffrage, and which lives under such discriminations of inferiority as the "Jim Crow" law and inferior school equipments and service. We hope we are not mistaken in the faith that under reflection upon these facts, there will be "an overwhelming sentiment" opposed to the Bilbo-Noel politically inspired plan—as we see it—for a military draft race equality. In its logic, drafting Negroes as soldiers is a gross travesty and contradiction of the color line creed. Negro volunteers, for fitting assignment in service, might consistently be encouraged, but not conscription. And we look upon the fact that there have THE LOOKING GLASS been no protests against conscription on the ground we state as most creditable to the Negroes. When the war closed, all the Northern States had their suffrage restricted to whites, and a main argument in getting the votes of northern congressmen for the Fifteenth Amendment was that some hundreds of thousands of Negroes had served in the northern armies. After the war, the race problem will still abide. In justice, how could Mississippi hold to her 1890 settlement of the suffrage question, if her white citizens favored conscription of her black people for war? That the logic of arms bearing is as we state, is testified to by the following from the Laurel Leader: "One of the measures which Governor Bilbo will place before the special session of the Mississippi legislature, soon to be convened, will be an amendment to the State's election laws extending the ballot to the soldiers and sailors who have been called to the colors. The amendment should be enacted without a dissenting vote. If there is any man on earth who is entitled to a voice in the affairs of his country, it is the man who is willing to fight his country's battles." In the face of this new note, we can afford to forget the tactless talk of Brigadier-General Chamberlain at Fort Des Moines. A report, which comes to us, quotes him as saying: Negro soldiers must do their duty and not worry their brains about laws and customs, no matter how unjust they may seem. The General was not silent on the government's unwillingness to speak in behalf of democracy at home. On the contrary, he was strangely loud. There was no dodging of the question we have asked often and in vain: "What is the government going to do?" The government, the General assured us, has no time to bother with race troubles. It has no time to bother with such things, nor has it any intentions of attempting to remedy existing racial grievances. The country is engaged in a great war. The best thing to do is to bear and forget. A fitting climax to this is Vardaman's annual yawp in the Vicksburg, Miss., Evening Post: If all the Negro soldiers that have been conscripted could be sent to France and kept there, it would be a God-send to America. But they will not be kept there. After the war, they will come home with their untutored minds inflated with military airs and impressed with the fact that since they had offered their lives in the defense of the Nation's flag, it will be but a short step to the conclusion that it is a freeman's duty to give his life in defense of his political rights. Let him become obsessed with the idea of his importance, and unrestrained by military discipline and regulations, it is my judgment that the Houston, Texas, incident will be a trivial affair compared with the magnitude of the problems which the white men of the South will be called upon to solve. Not only is the South beginning to think straight on the military aspect of this problem, but other matters are coming to the fore. The Arkansas Gazette, Little Rock, says: When five leaders of the Negro race in Arkansas stepped forward on the stage of the Palace Theater and, through Scipio A. Jones, handed to Secretary of the Treasury McAdoo a check for $50,000 as the Liberty loan subscription of the Mosaic Templars of America, whose headquarters are in Little Rock, they took part in an incident that will attract attention over all the United States. Not only did they make a $50,000 subscription, but they told Secretary McAdoo: "If you need $100,000 more, you will get it." The Muskogee, Okla., Times-Democrat writes: The Negroes attending the National Baptist Convention and the Negro fair in Muskogee are an intelligent body of men and women. They are more keenly alive to current events than any convention that ever assembled in Muskogee, if the number reading newspapers is an index. Since these meetings have been in progress in Muskogee the street sales of the Times-Democrat have more than doubled. Yesterday the sales were 1,300 above normal. There was no particular, overshadowing news story that would cause an increased sale. It was simply the Negroes buying papers in order to keep posted on current events. A time ago, there was a convention in Muskogee at which there was a registered attendance of 2,200 school teachers. While that convention was in progress, the street sales of the newspapers did not increase 200 a day. There have been big conventions in Muskogee— political, industrial, commercial, and educational—but never has there been a convention during which those in attendance bought so many papers as the Negroes have bought during the past few days. The editor of The Southern Woman's Magazine writes: We have dealt fairly and squarely with the individual Negro only. We have been remiss in both philanthropy and business, when it comes to his people as a whole. We have not made it worth their while to stay with us. We are being vigorously reminded that they should be better taught, better housed, better fed, better paid. The Macon, Ga., Daily Telegraph says: A white man who cannot retain his own sense of Caucasian dignity and difference, when his eye falls on an African riding in 80 THE CRISIS an automobile, doesn't deserve, nor can he appreciate and uphold the superior traits and plane of the white man. He hasn't enough gray matter inside his peanut head, nor enough native sense in his natural instincts to be worthy of that which elevates his own race, and the representative element of his own race dare not tolerate his giving forth to any form of Caucasian expression or Caucasian activity in matters pertaining to race relation. Dr. W. C. Scroggs of the Louisiana State University says in a pamphlet on mob violence : Not only is lynching NO PREVENTIVE OF CRIMES AGAINST WOMEN, but statistics prove that ONLY ONE TIME IN FOUR ARE SUCH CRIMES THE CAUSE OF LYNCHING. In 1915, only sixteen per cent of the persons lynched were charged with crimes against womanhood. The "University Commission on Southern Race Questions" has sent out its annual "Open Letter" to the South, much firmer of tone and less apologetic than usual: The South cannot compete on a financial basis with other sections of the country for the labor of the Negro, but the South can easily keep her Negroes against all allurements, if she will give them a larger measure of those things that human beings hold dearer than material goods. Generosity begets gratitude, and gratitude grips and holds men more powerfully than hooks of steel. It is axiomatic that fair dealing, sympathy, patience, tolerance, and other human virtues benefit those who exercise them even more than the beneficiaries of them. It pays to be just and kind, both spiritually and materially. Surely the South has nothing to lose and much to gain by adopting an attitude like that indicated above. Northern papers have been especially fine in their comments on the Negro soldier: Let the Negro soldier and selective alone and he will come through, as he always has come through, a staunch and brave defender of the flag. — Times-Star, Cincinnati, Ohio. Men of their race are treated as equals in the armies of Great Britain and France, as they deserve to be. To countenance anything less than this in the Army of the United States, would be to surrender not only discipline but Americanism. — The World, New York. In some sections, when calls were made for volunteers, five times the number asked crowded the enlistment places. These facts form a chapter in the history of the American Negro worthy of being preserved for reference when his social and industrial status is discussed as a national problem. —Christian Science Monitor, Boston, Mass. They came to the call not of the country but of their country. If the war lasts, America will owe to her Negroes not what she owed in '63, reparation, but a debt for service, which she will not forget nor seek to evade.—Herald, Chicago, Ill. It is an unquestioned fact that the American Negro has suffered many wrongs, since he gained his freedom—and the North is responsible for some of them—but the best way for the race to achieve that respect which is its due is by fighting the good fight with courage and valor. No race which helps to wind the world for safety, as against German aggression, is going to be deprived of its just rights.— The Bulletin,Philadelphia, Pa. The Negroes of this country who go to France to fight, or who replace workingmen who go as soldiers, will demand, and justly so, full American rights. The United States cannot stand before the world as the champion of freedom and democracy and continue to burn men alive or lynch them without fair trial. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People calls upon this country to "clear her conscience before she can fightfor the world's good," by abolishing lynching and ceasing all oppression of Negroes. —Leslie's Weekly, New York City. The commissioning of 684 colored aspirants for officers' positions, all of them graduates of the "colored Plattsburgh" at Fort Des Moines, is at once the wisest and most just action towards the colored people the Wilson administration has taken since it first assumed office. — Evening Post, New York City. There are many motives back of these abstracts and we are not expecting the millennium tomorrow, but certainly it has been brought measurably nearer in the last few weeks. NEGRO ART MORE and more attention is being paid to the development of Negro art. Hiram K. Moderwell writes in the New Republic: The Negro has, in short, reproduced on our continent the whole creative process which brought forth the Russian, German and English folk-music. This communal process, in which the group absorbs and welds the spontaneous individual contributions, parallels that of conscious composition, but with two points of difference—that the creative contributions come from many individuals instead of from one, and that the process of criticism and selection is instinctive instead of deliberate. It is true that the Negro found his musical materials (scales, cadences, melodic formulae and the like) supplied to him ready made in the missionaries' hymn tunes. But this civilized music did not satisfy, much less absorb, his musical creativeness. It merely permitted THE LOOKING GLASS him to begin at a stage several centuries beyond the primitive genesis of music. From the hymn tunes he took the major scale and the elements of musical structure. But his instinct, his native African impulse, remained naive and creative. He learned no melody which he did not alter and few which he did not improve. In that most communal of all rituals, the "shout," the gospel melodies were torn to bits by the Negro religious emotionalism, and from it they emerged—not all, but many—re-created in rhythm, scale and feeling. The droning hymn-tunes had become rhythmic and vigorous. Their pale sentimentalism had become transformed in the mould of primitive scales and vitalized in the honest sensualism of the dance. Their Italianate melodies had been made to conform to the rhythmic genius of the English language, with a fidelity that has not often been matched in the history of English composition. Rosalie M. Jonas, writing in the Art World on "Slighted Material," says: They say in the South: to know the Negro you must have been "raised" with him. This is not true of the unprogressive ex-master and the slowly progressing ex-slave. For, as the freedman seeks to raise himself to the common level of American citizenship, the barrier of race prejudice is built more and more jealously between them. But Nature is a keen humorist, and in that South where conditions are practically unchanged, through the subtle influences of climate or companionship or what not, she has molded her tanned and black children of both races into a kinship closer than most of them realize or some of them would acknowledge. In this sense, to know the Negro you must have been "raised" with him, lived beside him through the receptive days of childhood, under the same fervid sun, in the same colorful southern atmosphere. One might go even further and say: to know the South you must have been "raised" with the Negro. For while the little white child sits listening dumbly to its countless songbirds, insensitive to the appeal of his garrulous little "brothers" of the field and forest, the little "nigger" at his side mimics the mocking bird, translates for him the language of the coon, the 'possum, the fox, the horse, the cow, the chickens with a sense of simple human fellowship and a sympathetic humor which even La Fontaine and later Rostand, Kipling and our own gentle Joel Chandler Harris give us but artificially by comparison. For none of these have gone—perhaps none of our "superior" race can ever go—as simply, as directly, so with "the heart of a little child" to Nature. And of all the aliens grafted on the South from France, Spain and Ireland, everywhere, the Negro is the one exotic whose roots, so fiercely wrenched from their native soil, have taken firmest hold. Enslaved by man, the Southern land adopted him with tenderness and warmth. And he grew so close to her that he became her spokesman, her interpreter. And those of us on whom she looked more coldly, for our sins, have had to get our inspiration through her "colored" medium, to whom we turned instinctively—but in our own crass ignorance, despised. We only saw his "funny" side—God help us! Or at most patted him on the head and told sentimental tales of his affection and fidelity and our tolerant appreciation of these qualities, that were well within the limits of our own narrow prejudices. With smut upon our vacant faces, vulgar horse-play and tuneless "coon-songs" we have made pretense to represent the Minstrel of the South—the only real Minstrel this noise-deafened country has ever known! And because we had neither humanity enough to give him fair play for the full development of his native genius, nor culture enough to see him as the most inspiring artistic "material" that ever spendthrift dullards have wasted—Art herself, now, to shame us, is holding out her hand to him and thrusting us aside. From over-seas and in the words of one of the world's great writers came the intelligent recognition of that exquisite prose-poem, "The Souls of Black Folk," by W. E. B. Du Bois. . . . "It is the greatest piece of literature—perhaps the only piece of literature published in this generation, in America," was the verdict. And now another well-known genius—a woman this time and herself an inspired Minstrel, coming to us recently from France, saw at once the Negro's artistic value and in politely concealed amazement exclaimed at our blindness: "But all you have to give the world in Art that is new—that is American —it is your Nigair!" One may imagine the howl of pained egotism and derision that would greet such words here. "What! The Nigger artistic!" cries the outraged Southerner. "I don't know what you mean. He's nuthin' but a joke." And so, even with all treasure George Cable has dug up for us and a few others have sighted, the greater part of the picturesque and dramatic "material" of that "old South" that awaits revival by the new spirit of intellectual democracy lies still unseen around us. "The Negro poetic?" we can hear some of our brave Free-Versifiers exclaim scornfully, "why, he's rhythmical, tuneful—Impossible!" And then, if the devil move them, they will rush off and "do him up" in brutal discords that show artlessly the artless savage in themselves. "The Coon dramatic?" will howl the Movie audience, with a hearty bray. And the lady from Hackensack who sings "The End of a Perfect Day" so touchingly cannot be convinced that (musically) he could ever reach that height. As for the box-holder at the Metropolitan, he can't see him at all, for the crash and confusion of the "new" music. . . . and of such is the kingdom of Art in America! Shadows of Light IDA GWATHMEY ANDERSON A Leading Actress in the Recent Movement Toward Establishing a Negro Dramatic Center in New York City. Mrs. Anderson Was Born in Virginia, and Has Played the Leading Roles in "Within the Law," "Under Cover," "Trilby," "Kick-In," "The Lion and the Mouse," etc 82 A GIFT TO THE NATION: WILLIAM B. GOULD OF DEDHAM, MASS., A VETERAN OF THE CIVIL WAR, AND HIS SIX SONS, INCLUDING THREE FIRST LIEUTENANTS, ONE MAJOR IN THE RESERVE, AND TWO PRIVATES MARY AND MARTHA "And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things: "But one thing is needful; and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her." The Horizon MUSIC AND ART SO popular has Mr. H. T. Burleigh's ar rangement of the Negro Folk-song, "Deep River," become that a number of transcriptions have been written from his setting. One for string quartet, played by the Zoellner quartet this season, has been made by A. Walter Kramer, while another, for organ, has been ably done by the gifted concert organist, Richard Keys Biggs. The last transcription of the "Spiritual" is by the noted violinist, Mischa Elman, who will play it on all of his concert programs this season. Mr. Burleigh's place as one of the foremost composers of art-song in the music world of today is secure. He continues, however, to add to his long list of fine songs that are so rapidly featured upon the programs of famous singers. At the same time, his folk-song settings are an achievement that is of great historic as well as musical value. Ten of the finer "Spirituals" have been lately published by Ricordi and Company. Musical America says: "They are one and all little masterpieces, settings by one of our time's most gifted song-composers of melodies which he penetrates as probably no other living composer. We can only say 'Bravo,' again, Mr. Burleigh." Mr. Henry Hadley's Symphony No. 4, "North, South, East, and West," was heard for the first time in New York when played by the Philharmonic Society on October 26. The second movement, The South, is full of Negro character. A Negro dialect song, "Plantation Love Song," by Deems Taylor, is inscribed to and sung by Marguerite Dunlap, who makes a specialty of dialect songs. Mr. H. A. Delmore, tenor, who is studying voice in Boston, Mass., gave a concert in Steinert Hall on October 25. Mr. Delmore possesses a voice of excellent quality and with study he will go far. He also possesses the creative gift and has a number of manuscript songs to his credit. Mr. Charles Harris, who has been a student of piano in Boston, Mass., for a number of years, has accepted a position to teach at Walden University, Nashville, Tenn. Mrs. Harriet Gibbs Marshall, President of the Washington Conservatory of Music and School of Expression, has added two excellent musicians to the faculty this season: Miss Estelle Pinkney, who received the degree of Mus. B. last year from Oberlin College of Music, possesses a beautiful soprano voice, and was a successful singer in recitals at Oberlin; Miss Revella Hughes, who is to teach piano, graduated from Howard University last June. She was a former student of Oberlin Conservatory of Music and is an excellent musician. The Martin-Smith Music School, in New York City, of which Mr. D. I. Martin is director, is conducting a series of educational recitals. A striking exhibition of pictures by Negro artists, including some by children, has been held at the Coady Art Galleries in New York City under the recently organized American Circle of Negro War Relief. Critical music directors have claimed that the band of the Fifteenth Colored Infantry, N. Y. N. G., under Lieut. J. R. Europe, is the best army band in the United States. THE WAR THE Eighth Illinois Colored Infantry has been ordered to Camp Logan, Houston, Tex. Six hundred and seventy-eight colored men at the Seventeenth Provisional Officers Training Camp at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, received commissions as follows: 160 Captains, 320 First Lieutenants, and 198 Second Lieutenants. Two colored companies of militia, one in Jersey City and one in Atlantic City, N. J., have been formed through Governor Edge. Army orders authorize the immediate organization of twenty-four labor companies "by voluntary enrollment of conscripted colored men after their mobilization," or "by voluntary enlistment of Negroes." Colored drafted soldiers have been distributed in the cantonments as follows: To Camp Devens, 600; Camp Upton, 800; Camp Dix, 4,500; Camp Meade, 6,100; Camp Lee, 6,300; Camp Jackson, 5,900; Camp Gordon, 9,000; Camp Pike, 9,600; Camp Custer, 600; Camp Grant, 7,200; Camp Taylor, 3,000; Camp Dodge, 6,600; Camp Funston, 8,300; Camp Travis, 6,500; and Camp Lewis, 400, making a total of 83,600. THE CRISIS MEETINGS THE forty-seventh session of the South west Georgia Baptist Association was held at Americus Institute. The collection amounted to $3,123. The Old Eastern Baptist Association held its fifty-third annual session at Farmville, N. C . in October. There were sixty out of sixty-seven churches represented and fourteen hundred dollars was raised for education. The Laymen's Missionary Movement of the United States and Canada convened in Charlotte, N. C, November 4-7 at the City Auditorium. The Improved Order of Shepherds and Daughters of Bethlehem met in Fredericksburg, Va., and reported an increase of 1,265 members for the year. Mr. J. Thomas Hewin, of Richmond, was elected Grand Presiding Shepherd. A State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs has been organized in Spokane, Wash., with Mrs. John Mapps, of Spokane, as president. The Tri-State Farmers' Association—Arkansas, Mississippi, and Texas—has held its first meeting at Memphis, Tenn. Colonel R. C. Simmons was the speaker. A parade of one hundred automobiles preceded the session. The Virginia Conference of the A. M. E. Church has held its Fifth Educational Congress. Bishop J. A. Johnson presided. The membership of this branch is 12,612. The Woman's Convention Auxiliary to the National Baptist Convention has met at Muskogee, Okla.. and reported the raising of $23,956 during the year. RIOTS TH E examination of 156 Negro soldiers of the Twenty-fourth Infantry for rioting in Houston, Tex., has been completed and a review of the mass of testimony has been begun. Thirteen of the soldiers have been released to rejoin their regiment, as no evidence could be found against them. Governor Cox, in Ohio, has honored the requisition of the East St. Louis authorities and returned Dr. Leroy N. Bundy, a colored dentist, accused of instigating the rioting. EDUCATION IN Bibb and Macon Counties, Ga., 6,418 white pupils enrolled in the public schools and 3,465 colored pupils, showing an increase in the white enrollment and a decrease in the colored enrollment. The report of schools in Greenville County, S. C, for last year shows that $78, 436.71 was spent in salaries for white teachers and $6,198.05 for colored teachers. The average number of pupils to each of the schools was 122 white and 103 colored; the average number of pupils to each teacher was 40 white and 67 colored. There were 347 white teachers and 90 Negro teachers. The reorganization of the State Board of Education in Maryland includes Mr. J. W. Huffington, supervisor, to study the needs and condition of the colored schools and advise with officials and teachers. The Central Negro High School in Shreveport, La., has been completed at a cost of $34,000. Three hundred students have been enrolled. Morgan College in Baltimore, Md., will celebrate its fiftieth anniversary November 26-2S. An effort will be made to raise ten thousand dollars. Plans are being made for a girls' dormitory building at the School for Colored Youth, Bordentown, N. J., to cost twenty thousand dollars. At Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn., 172 medical and 132 dental students have registered. The Department of Pharmacy has been opened and there is a nurse training section. Courses in typewriting and shorthand for the Booker T. Washington Colored High School in Norfolk, Va., have been approved by its school board. The training school for Negro teachers, provided by the State Legislature, will be located at the Bible and Manual Training Institute in Albany, Ga. This city offered equipment to the value of $65,000. The Board of Education in the District of Columbia has put the colored night schools under the charge of Dr. W. S. Montgomery, Director of Special Classes. Negroes in Elizabeth City, N. C, have been authorized to nominate members for a proposed colored auxiliary to the Board of Education. Howard University has added to its faculty: Messrs. F. J. Gregory, to conduct classes in argumentation and public speaking; L. D. Turner, Harvard A. M. '16, instructor in English; J. W. Jackson and E. C. Williams, assistants in German, and Miss A. L. McCary, instructor in the academy. The college has enrolled 309 students, fifty-four less than last year. THE HORIZON The Board of Education of Savannah, Ga., has authorized the establishment of the Ninth Grade at Cuyler Street School, which means the beginning of a junior high school for Negroes. On October 15, the enrollment for the present session of Tuskegee Institute was 1,284 students, 647 boys and 537 girls. The endowment of the institution is $2,312,149, an increase of $286,758. The Colored Branch of the Public Library in Little Rock, Ark., since May 19, 1917, has circulated 2,108 volumes and had an attendance of 2,828 persons. It has a membership of 375. By a court decree, Avery College, established in 1849, goes out of existence, and the money will be divided between Avery Mission and Wilberforce University. The University will get about $27,000. INDUSTRY THE People's Savings Bank and Trust Company in Nashville, Tenn., reports resources of $80,855.49 and liabilities of $12,758.69. Negroes of Mississippi have organized a banking union at Houlka, to encourage larger production and conservation on Negro farms. To remain a member, each person must increase his bank balance every year. The Kimball Hotel in Springfield, Mass., because of a strike of its white employees, is now employing sixty colored men. It is stated that the Negro migration from the South has resulted in a fifteen per cent decrease in this year's crop of naval stores, turpentine, pitch, etc. Thirty-five colored girls have been employed as unskilled workers in the Federal Glass Company at South Columbus, Ohio. More than 150 cotton pickers from Texas have migrated to El Centro, Cal., where they are employed by the Timken Ranch Company. Efforts are being made for them to establish permanent residence. Cotton pickers in Louisiana, particularly in the Monroe section, are being paid $1.50 per hundred pounds, nearly three times the usual rate. The Commercial Exchange has been incorporated in Washington, D. C, with offices at 1216 You street, Northwest. The State Federation of Labor in convention at Joliet, Ill., resolved to urge the organization of all Negro workers in the country. The Columbia Rope Works at Auburn, N. Y., employ forty colored women and thirty-five colored men. A haberdashery and clothing store is opcrating in Columbia, S. C. Mr. L. B. Woods is proprietor. One hundred Negro brakemen on the St. Louis, Brownsville and Mexico Railroad have gone on strike, demanding increased wages. They are not affiliated with any union. The United States Government is in need of competent stenographers and typists. Salaries range from one thousand to twelve hundred dollars per year. Colored women are replacing men in the Santa Fe Railroad roundhouse at Emporia, Kan., and receiving the same wages that the men received. The Iten Biscuit Company, Oklahoma City, Okla., is employing forty-two colored women. The Union Mutual Association in Mobile, Ala., during nineteen years has issued 641,268 policies and paid to policyholders and workers $1,900,000. Dr. C. F. Johnson is general manager and secretary. Two colored girls, the Misses Maude Black and Hattie Milleits, have been employed as elevator operators at the New Plaza Hotel, St. Louis, Mo. Twenty colored women are employed as railroad car washers in yards in West Philadelphia, Pa. Three white girls in the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, Washington, D. C, who struck because of the employment of colored girls, have been suspended. In New York City, eighty-five firms are employing colored women, including dressmaking and millinery establishments and establishments making underwear, embroidery, corsets, buttons, feathers, flowers, dolls, and novelties. The National Baptist Publishing Board of the unincorporated convention reports total expenditures of $2,613,455 during the last twenty-one years. It has circulated in the last year 7,266,570 copies of its various publications. One hundred and fifty colored women constitute the regular night shift of car washers and renovators for the Yellow Taxi-cab Company in Chicago, Ill. The Atlanta Colored Savings Bank has increased its deposits from $74,000 in 1913 to $104,000 in 1916. THE CRISIS Mr. F. A. Stokes, a colored real estate man in Spokane, Wash., has arranged with leading capitalists of the United States for fifty thousand dollars cash for the opening up of farms and homesteads for Negroes. Each family will be provided with fifty acres of land and a home, live stock and farm implements. Five hundred colored union freight handlers in New Orleans, La., are on strike, making a total of twenty-six hundred strikers at this port. SOCIAL PROGRESS SILENT Protest Parades have been held by Negroes in Providence, R. I., and Newark, N. J. Mayor Mendenhall in Kansas City, Kan., has appointed three colored patrolmen. The Wilson Colored Hospital has been opened in Memphis, Tenn., with accommodation for seventy-five patients. Dr. J. T. Wilson is head of the institution. Over one hundred physicians attended the opening exercises. The New York City Woman Suffrage Party contributed ten thousand dollars for the Young Men's Christian Association unit of colored troops at Camp Upton, Yaphank. L. I. Major J. E. Lawther, of Dallas, Tex., has appointed a committee of ten colored men to represent the colored citizens on the Welfare Board. Dr. R. T. Hamilton is chairman. A committee of colored citizens in Chicago, Ill., enforced the Jackson law, by having withdrawn a poster advertising a play which read: ''Bartley Campbell, Dealer in Niggers and Mules." The Afro-American Page of the American Press Association, founded in 1909 by Mr. N. B. Dodson, a colored man, has been suspended, due to the sale of the news features of the American Press Association to the Western Newspaper Union. Because of the segregation ordinance in Baltimore, Md., the Colored Branch of the Young Men's Christian Association has had to abandon its site at McCulloh and Dolphin Streets. Property on Druid Hill Avenue has been secured and a four-story modern Y. M. C. A. building will be erected at a cost of $100,000. Mr. J. W. Hughes is President of the Board of Directors and Mr. S. S. Booker is General Secretary. The branch has a membership of over five hundred. In Company B, Twenty-fifth Infantry, there are thirty-two expert crack shots, thirty-seven sharpshooters, and twenty- seven marksmen. The second celebration of Negro Liter ature Week will be held in Philadelphia, Pa., December 17. The Commonwealth Fellowship Club has been organized in St. Louis, Mo., for the eight hundred colored men employed by the Commonwealth Steel Company of Granite City. A building has been leased by the company as a recreation center. Houghton Mifflin Company, publishers, of Boston, Mass., have issued a school edition of "Up From Slavery," by the late Mr. B. T. Washington, and are making efforts to place this book in white and colored schools throughout the country. Negroes have won their case before the Louisiana Railroad Commission for better accommodations for Negro travelers. Miss Thelma Adams, a colored girl in Westmont, N. J., who was refused admittance to a public school, has since won her case of segregation. Twenty-six Negro Suffragists in New York City watched at the polls during registration week. A segregation order instituted at the Orpheum Theater in Helena, Mont., has been annulled. The Delaware State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs donated $132.28 to the Frederick Douglass Memorial Fund, instead of two dollars as was reported in THE CRISIS. The American Cast Iron Pipe Company of Birmingham, Ala., has installed for its colored and white employees moving picture shows, educational classes, and shower baths. During twelve months 166,477 shower baths were taken by the colored workers. Lincoln Institute, Jefferson City, Mo., carried off first prizes at the Missouri State Fair in tailoring, wood turning, blacksmithing, and carpentry. Among their competitors were five white industrial schools. Large numbers of colored physicians and dentists are being received in the Medical Reserve Corps of the new draft army. They are usually commissioned as First or Second Lieutenants. The San Francisco Labor Council has endorsed a strong resolution on the disfranchisement of the Negro and lynching. THE The two colored branches of the Louisville Free Public Library have sixteen thousand books in the library and reports that these were borrowed during the last year by sixty-four thousand people. Since the opening of these libraries, the circulation has been over 800,000. Nearly five hundred meetings have been held in the libraries during that time. Agents have visited 1,481 white and 629 colored families in the District of Coumbia. They found that thirty-eight per cent had incomes of less than nine hundred dollars per year and sixty-one per cent less than twelve hundred dollars. Some two thousand colored people have been added to the one thousand already in Hartford, Conn. They are finding plenty of work but poor housing. Efforts are being made to improve their living condition. Miss Jane A. Delano, Chairman of the National Committee on Red Cross Nursing Service, writes us that the Red Cross is ready to enroll colored nurses whenever the opportunity arises to organize a Base Hospital Unit. They will be assigned to duty the same as the other nurses. Colored nurses are invited to enroll. The assessed value of property owned by the Negroes of Georgia has increased from $5,764,293 in 1880 to $12,322,003 in 1890; $14,118,720 in 1900; $32,223,985 in 1910; and $38,234,523 in 1916. At Heathsville, Va., colored workers have refused to work on the farms of men implicated in a lynching and have left the county in large numbers. In Chicago, Ill., South Park Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church, valued at $115,000, has been leased to the colored St. Luke's Methodist Episcopal Church. The Rev. Mr. C. S. Brown, of Winton, N. C , sends us an appeal for help for the religious work of the colored Baptists in Haiti. He wishes to build a great industrial school and help develop the resources of the island. PERSONAL MR. JOHN MARTIN, a colored man of Calixio, Cal., has patented a gun which can be fired by electricity some miles away. The War Department is testing it for its value in military use. Mr. Benjamin Willoughby, a colored farmer in Pitt County, N. C , who cannot write his name, is said to be worth ninety thousand dollars. He has raised twelve HORIZON children and owns one thousand acres. Dr. S. M. Beckford, a recent graduate of Boston University, has been appointed Pro fessor of Anatomy at Shaw University. The Rev. Mr. Anson Phelps Stokes, Sec retary of Yale University, has declined the principalship of Hampton Institute, to suc ceed the late Dr. Frissell. Dr. F. C. Caffey has been appointed In spector of Colored Schools in Montgomery, Ala. Mr. James Davis, hoseman in Company 11, is the second colored man appointed to the Fire Department in Philadelphia, Pa. Wheeler W. Carter is the first colored boy to be a member of the Auburn, N. Y., High School Football Team. Mr. E. R. Smith-Green, a colored man employed at the Canadian Car and Foundry Company, Kingsland, N. J., has patented a "mechanism for cleaning shell fillers." Mr. A. C. Howard, a colored man in Brooklyn, N. Y., has been awarded a con tract to furnish shoe polish to the United States Army. His exhibits won first prizes at the Paris Exposition in 1900 and at the Jamestown Exposition in 1907. Mr. Duncan Hill, a Negro citizen of Monroe, La., is dead. He once served as a member of the Louisiana State Legislature. Miss Lillian Garnet, of Philadelphia, Pa., and a student of McCall School, won over six white competitors in a piano contest and has been given charge of the assembly music for the school during the term. The School Board of Norfolk, Va., has appointed a colored man, Dr. S. C. Coppage, in charge of the Colored Dental Clinic. Miss Weeks and Mrs. Elizabeth Johnson, colored trained nurses, have also been ap pointed to the schools. Columbus Hunt, a member of the Twenty-fifth Infantry, who was dishonorably discharged twelve years ago by Theodore Roosevelt, in connection with the Brownsville affray, has been reinstated in his regiment and paid four thousand dollars, twelve years' back salary. There are twelve of his comrades missing for whom the same reward is waiting. Mr. L. L. Whaley, in Boston, Mass., has been appointed to the Quartermaster's De pot of the United States Army as stenog rapher-clerk. Chaplain G. W. Prioleau, of the Twenty- fifth Infantry, was promoted to the grade of Major, August 9, 1917. THE CRISIS Mr. E. S. Harvey, a Negro farmer in Kansas, is President of the Douglas County Farmers' Institute, of which almost the entire membership is white. Sergeant Ward Conley, the only Negro soldier among six thousand on the Canadian border, has been ordered to Camp Borden as military instructor. Dr. N. W. Harris, of Norfolk, Va., has been appointed by the Civil Service Com mission as anesthetist at Freedmen's Hos pital, Washington, D. C, at a salary of twelve hundred dollars. Mr. C. Z. Clark, in Indianapolis, Ind., has been appointed Page to the Superior Court. He is said to be the first colored man chosen for this position in Indiana. Alpheus Hunton, son of the late Mr. W. A. Hunton, won a medal for the best essay on the Liberty Bond over six hundred fellow students in the first year of the Brooklyn, N. Y., High School. Dr. W. B. Crittenden, Dean of Livingstone College, Salisbury, N. C, has resigned. He served as a member of the faculty for seventeen years. Prof. M. S. Davage has been elected to succeed the late Dr. R. S. Lovinggood as president of Samuel Huston College, Austin, Tex. The late Mr. Bernard Clark, of Spaulding, Neb., bequeathed sixteen hundred dollars to Rt. Rev. Monsignor J. E. Burke for use in Negro mission work. Professor J. R. Hawkins, of Washington, D. C, has been appointed assistant to Food Administrator Hoover. Mr. Hawkins is financial secretary of the A. M. E. Church. The late Mr. Isaac N. Seligman bequeathed one thousand dollars each to the following colored institutions: Tuskegee Institute, Hampton Institute, the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, and the Fort Valley, Ga., High and Industrial School. Prof. L. B. Moore, Dean of the Teachers' College, Howard University, is the first colored man to be elected a member of the Executive Committee of the American Missionary Association, which controls forty educational institutions in the South. Mr. Davis Sparks, an orderly in the Colon Hospital, Canal Zone, received a silver medal from the United States War Department for rescuing a patient from drowning. Miss Elizabeth Talbert, of Wilberforce, won a gold medal at a prohibition contest in Xenia, Ohio. Messrs. J. H. Booker and T. L. Master- son have been letter carriers in Louisville, Ky., for twenty-five years. A reunion of members of the Gould fam ily has taken place at Bridgeton, N. J. Six of them are entering their seventieth year, namely: Margaret Steward Gould, William Steward, Chaplain, T. G. Steward, Stephen Smith Steward, and Mary Steward Gould. Mr. Henry Ellis, of Fort Smith, Ark., is attracting attention by his painting. He has had no training, but has taken prizes at fairs during the last three years. Miss G. O. Wills is Assistant Art Editor for the class 1917-18 at the University of Minnesota, School of Agriculture. Mr. Bryant Peebles, an ex-slave seventy-seven years old, living in Barlow Bend, Ala., owns four thousand acres of land, which he recently refused to sell for $100,000, even though he is illiterate. He has eighty head of horses and mules, one hundred head of cattle, and a gin and grist mill. An article on the rise of Mme. Walker and her beauty parlors has been published in the Kansas City Star and copied in the Literary Digest. Clara Burns, a colored woman, died in the county jail at Waco, Tex. She was insane and an epileptic. She was put in jail when sixteen years of age and kept there ten years, accused of no crime, but simply because there was no other place to put her. The Houston Post says: "Since neither State nor society would look after the unfortunate girl, the only thing left was to give her the same treatment that was accorded murderers and thieves. While discussing the case Monday, Sheriff Fleming remarked with a sad expression on his face. 'This is some country we swiped from the Indians.' " FOREIGN THE Congress of the Church of England, held at Southampton, discussed the Negro problem. Sir Sidney Oliver, Governor of Jamaica from 1907-1912, said that no solution of the color question was possible, except by a resolute disclaimer of the color line and the race differentiation theory. The death of Mr. Alexander Dixon, a member of the City Council for seven years, is reported from Kingston, Jamaica. He was sixty-five years old. THE HORIZON Mr. S. C. Burk, a colored police magis trate in Kingston, Jamaica, is a lieutenant in the English Army and is now serving in Flanders. In Panama, the new building of the Colon Federal Labor Union was dedicated in the presence of seven thousand people and the President of the Republic. Most of those who took part were colored. Dr. P. McD. Milliard, a graduate of How ard University, has been appointed official medical inspector to the Republic of Pan ama. The Honorable James L. Curtis, United States Minister to Liberia, died recently. GHETTO. COLORED women visitors to the gal leries of the United States Senate are not permitted to sit with white women, but must occupy seats in the galleries where white and colored men sit. Masked men were used as a means to frighten colored children from a Chicago public school. One thousand pier workers of the Clyde and Mallory Steamship lines, in New York City, struck because of the employment of colored laborers. Dr. C. M. Carstensen, pastor of a white church in Riverdale, N. Y., has been forced to resign his place, because he allowed col ored children from a nearby orphan asylum to attend the services. A petition has been presented to the Gov ernor and Legislature in Atlanta, Ga., for the repeal of the law disbanding the colored volunteer militia. Miss Grace Lealtad has been dismissed by the superintendent of Hill School in St. Paul, Minn., because of a petition signed by parents objecting to Negro teachers. Colored students of the Wendell Phillips High School in Chicago, Ill., are discriminated against and efforts for their segregation are under way. Russell Dale, a white man in Chicago, Ill., said to Mr. Arthur Eugenes, a colored chauffeur: "Say, nigger, do you want to drive me home?" Whereupon the colored man shot at Mr. Dale. Dale protested: "I meant no insult. I have had a colored boy with me for twenty-five years. I often call him nigger." The chauffeur shot again and instantly killed the white man. The managers of the Temple and the Grand Theatres in Hamilton, Can., have openly declared that they will not permit Negroes to sit in the orchestra or balcony of their theatres. A local lawyer states that nothing can be done against this dis crimination. A Special Committee of the Northern and Southern Branches of the Methodist Church, which met recently at Travers City, Mich., heard the report of a sub-committee which voted in favor of a separate general conference for Negro members. A minority of committee advocated an independent church for the Negro. CRIME. GOV. BICKETT has ordered the Raleigh, N. C, home guard to protect Earl Neville, a Negro charged with criminal assault, from being lynched. Two attempts at lynching have been prevented. The Grand Jury has written a verdict "no bills" against fifteen men in Goose Creek, Tex., arrested in connection with the lynching of Bert Smith, a Negro. In Byron, Ga., white night riders have started beating colored autoists. The steel floor of a baggage coach caused the death of twenty Negroes in a wooden "Jim Crow" coach in a collision at Kelly ville, Okla. Negro citizens of Boston, Mass., are contesting the extradition of John Johnson of Charleston, W. Va., for trial, insisting that a Negro charged with an offence against a white girl would be lynched without trial. In St. John Parish, La., Judge Middleton has dismissed one Grand Jury and called another for the trial of several prominent citizens in connection with an alleged lynching. Three white men are dead at La Pine, Ala.— Oliver Enger, W. L. Griffith, and Hub Cannon—as a result of a battle for the possession of a Negro charged with holding up a white man. Fred Johnson was killed by a mob in New Orleans, La., for the theft of a mesh bag from a white woman. In Danville, Va., October 12, Walter Clark was lynched by a mob. Clark had shot a colored woman in the arm. Officers tried to arrest him, but he refused them admittance without a warrant. They forcibly entered the house. He killed one policeman, shot six other persons, and finally emerged half dead from the house which the mob set on fire. He was killed by hundreds of bullets, and a colored undertaker in the crowd was severely beaten. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Increasing the Standard States of America Completes Your Life-Line InAn Emblem of Interstate these States STANDARD LIFE employs more than sixthousand people, Has issued more than five milliondollars insurance. Has invested more than a hundredthousand dollars. Significance  These States have Beneficial —  been selected Invasion,  for During 1918 this Company will apply to the Insurance Commissioners of South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan and Illinois. To enter these states our greatest need is an adequate Agency Force. To avoid disturbing the satisfactory distribution of its present staff, the Company desires to obtain the services of High Class Men, who will become agents in our present territory with a prospect of becoming proficient in our methods of business, so that they may be sent into the newly opened territory as Agency Directors. Not less than 18 Supervising Officials with as many Clerks and many local agents will be required to completely effect this expansion. Insurance experience is not essential to entering this work. If you have intelligence, tenacity of purpose and a good reputation the Company will pay you well while you are learning. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 200 Auburn Avenue ATLANTA, GEORGIA THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 93 Alabama 418 Alaska 34 Arizona 195 Arkansas 979 California 1514 Canal Zone 778 Colorado 453 Connecticut 643 Delaware 234 District of Columbia 1184 Florida 1113 Georgia 1644 Hawaiian Ter. 458 Idaho 29 Illinois 2463 Indiana 818 Iowa 298 Kansas 736 Kentucky 664 Louisiana 1419 Maine 40 Maryland 749 Massachusetts 1901 Michigan 825 Minnesota 368 Mississippi 439 Missouri 1066 Montana 168 Nearly 45,000 copies of The CRISIS are going to states, territories and foreign countries, as shown in the margins of this page. HELP US DOUBLE THE FIGURES The World War is the opportunity of the Darker Races and The CRISIS should be read by millions. HOW YOU CAN HELP 1.	 Show your CRISIS to friends and ask them to give you One Dollar for a year's subscription. 2.	 Write to us for agent's terms. 3.	 Recommend to us live, wide-awake agents, who will devote a portion or all of their time canvassing for subscriptions or selling single copies. They can earn from $2 to $5 per day. 4.	 Organize a CRISIS club of five or more new yearly subscribers and get your own subscription free. 5.	 Ask your Church, Society or Club to help us put The CRISIS in the hands of the Negro soldiers. We will explain details if you write us. The CRISIS, a monthly magazine, is the organ of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. As such it fights for our rights without compromise. Constructive as well as critical, beautiful in picture and make-up, written in the King's English, it is a succinct and accurate Record of the Darker Races. Address: The CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City Nebraska 167 Nevada 16 New Hampshire 16 New Jersey 1810 New Mexico 177 New York 3256 North Carolina 1507 North Dakota 19 Ohio 2450 Oklahoma 641 Oregon 86 Pennsylvania 4635 Rhode Island 186 South Carolina 1443 South Dakota 7 Tennessee 853 Texas 1954 Utah 104 Vermont 7 Virginia 2285 Washington 274 West Virginia 581 Wisconsin 72 Wyoming 61 Philippine Is. 44 Porto Rico 125 Virgin Islands 183 Foreign 374 94 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, Inc. Sells Insurance That Protects ui:iiniiiin;iiiNjiiiiEriiiihr&gt;iiiiMiiMitiniitiiiiiiniiiiirni)iiiiiiiinji:iiNniiiit]iiifMiiiiiiri]iiPETiiiiiiuiiiiiJjiiiiPi&lt;!MiiiiMiiiiiiiiiitriiiiiiiTi!iiiiiiiiB Insurance that covers the whole held of life's emergencies in one policy: Sickness, Accident and Death, and perpetual in payments for disabilities. Of all investments that of insurance is the safest, because it pays at the crucial moment—it is not subject to the money market or the rise and fall of stocks and bonds; but pays promptly upon the death of each policyholder. Then why not select the best that is to be had—a policy that pays every week with Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc.? Also owning and operating the Va. Beneficial &amp; Insurance Co., Inc., at Norfolk, Va. Read a few testimonials from the thousands that are on file at home office in Richmond, Va. DREW $217.50 SICK BENEFITS and $500.00 DEATH CLAIM Richmond, Va., July 2, 1017. To Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that my wife, Mrs. Lelia V. James, 1104 Chaffin Street, was a member of Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., for six and; one-half years. During this time, she was sick on several occasions and whenever she reported her illness to the Society, she received her sick dues promptly. Her last illness extended from the latter part of November, 1916, to June, 1917. The Society sent her money to her bedside each week, from December 6, 1916, to June 6, 1917, and at her death paid over to me the Death Claim of $500.00. I take pleasure in recommending the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., to anyone who wants a sure policy of protection all through life. Respectfully yours, GEORGE JAMES, Husband. CLARENCE JAMES, Witness. $500.00 DR. THOS. A. STEVENS' DEATH CLAIM 1007 Sixth St., Lynchburg, Va. Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., February 10, 1917. Richmond, Va. Gentlemen: Kindly accept my sincere thanks for your check of $500.00 in full payment of death claim of my husband, Dr. Thomas A. Stevens, who died February 6, 1917. The above named check was delivered to me Thursday, February 8, 1917, by your superintendent, Mr. R. D. Burton. I shall always speak in the highest terms of your company, and pray God's blessings upon the work. Respectfully, MRS. THOMAS A. STEVENS. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. B. L. JORDAN, Asst. Secretary. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 95 THE FOUR BEST BOOKS OF POETRY, B Y NEGRO AUTHORS Fifty Years and Other Poems B Y JAME S WELDON JOHNSON WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY BRANDER MATTHEWS TH E TITLE poem appeared in the New York Times on the fif tieth anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, and imme diately attracted national attention. It occasioned an editorial in the Times on the next day, from which editorial the follow ing is quoted: "A white man, if highly endowed with sympathy for the Negroes and if sincerely appreciative of the obstacles they have encountered and the progress they haye made in the half century since emancipation, might have written exactly as did Mr. Johnson—he might, that is, had he also been endowed with Mr. Johnson's elevation of sentiment, his power of creative imagination, and his thorough knowledge that for the production of strong emotional effects simple language is the best." "It is a striking thing."—Theodore Roosevelt. "There is a feeling in it and rhythm and dignity. I am glad to have read it." —Elihu Root. "I have read the thrilling verses entitled 'Fifty Years' and cannot forbear expressing my delight in them. They have all the swing and rhythm of some of Kipling's most stirring imperialistic verses and arc not marred, as many of his are, by a grossly materialistic philosophy."—Elbridge L. Adams. 1 2 mo. Beautifully bound in boards, paper sides, silk cloth back, stamped in gold, deckle edges. Price $1.25 . Also a special Limited Autographed Edition of 11 0 copies printed on genuine Japan Vellum, of which 10 0 are for sale at $5.0 0 a copy. Only a very few of these copies are now obtainable. From the Heart of a Folk The Heart of a Woman and other Poems and other Poems By Waverley Turner Carmicael. By Georgia Douglas Johnson. A first book by a hitherto unknown A book of clear musical poems that reach writer whose work the leading critics say 1 the heart. William Stanley Braithwaite rivals that of Dunbar. Price $1.00. has written the introduction. Price $1.25. The Message of the Trees An Anthology of Leaves and Branches. Selected and arranged by Maud Cuney Hare, with a Foreword by William Stanley Braithwaite. 8vo. special cloth, gold stamping and end papers. Price $2.00. No object in nature is better loved than a tree and with its fine typography, beau tiful binding and attractive end papers this makes an excellent gift boo t THE CORN HILL COMPANY, Publishers 69 CORNHILL, BOSTON, MASS. OR THROUGH TH E CRISIS, 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Mention THE CRISIS 96 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE CRISIS CALENDAR FOR 1918 WE ARE issuing for 1918a Calendar of "Types of American Negroes." It will have a cover and twelve leaves containing thirteen pictures of various types of colored people in the United States. With each picture will go a suitable quotation from the Creole poet, Leon Laviaux. The cover will be in colors. The calendars will be clear and legible and the whole done in the best CRISIS style. The price is twenty-five cents and the edition is limited. Ready December 1. Order early. ATLANTA UNIVERSITY Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. _ An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. -Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War " combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK The Disgrace of Democracy An Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER Professor Kelly Miller has written a remarkable open letter to President Wilson.— N. Y. Evening Post. A constructive proposal for suppression of lynching and race riots.— The Springfield Republican. A very fair, temperate and strong letter on a most important matter.— Senator John Wesley Jones. Agents Wanted Everywhere 10c. the Copy Terms to Agents: 5C. per copy on orders over 10. Address: Kelly Miller, Howard University, Washington, D. C. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER JUST FROM THE PRESS "SOLVING THE PROBLEM" Lectures of the Famous Negro Orator, the late Rev. Dr. M. C. B. Mason, author of the "Gospel Message," etc. The eight lectures in this volume include "Africa in America and Africa Beyond the Seas," with its wonderful peroration or apostrophe to Africa which is almost without an equal in the English language. "NAPOLEON AT WATERLOO" "HEREDITY OR SOUR GRAPES" "THE SECOND EMANCIPATION" Mr. Alfred Flude, manager of the Chautauqua Association, Chicago, in the introduction writes; "The volume needs no comment; it speaks for itself." $1.25 BUY YOUR THE PLATFORM 205 E. 50th Street postpaid COPY NOW PUBLISHING CO. CHICAGO, ILL. LIFE AND TIMES OF BISHOP HENRY M. TURNER 1834—1915. J | By Rev. M . M . Ponton, D.D. !| BEST SELLING NEGRO BOOK EVER PUBN LISHED. ORDERS ENOUGH TO EXHAUST IF FIRST EDITION BEFORE IT WAS OFF THE H PRESS. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. 1 1 PRICE ONE DOLLAR. || A. B. CALDWELL PUB. CO. [1 Atlanta :: Georgia AGENT S WANTE DTOSELLGREAT EPIC POEMTO HON. FREDERICK DOUGLASS Historical and Epigramatic. Absorbing in interest; Inspiring in effect; Epic in subject and replete with incident. One Hundred and Eight Verses—Illustrated. De Luxe Edition $1.00. Write for terms. Enclose a 3c stamp. By Dr. M. A. Majors, 4714 State St., Chicago, Ill. WANTED—CARRIAGE BLACKSMITH. FIRST-CLASS MAN. STEADY EMPLOYMENT AT GOOD WAGES FOR MAN WHO CAN DELIVER. C. R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS, GREENFIELD, OHIO. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 200 Pages, 36 Chapters, Historical and Biographical; 1. bull Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Uouk, Hound in Pull Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Puce, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington. D. C $20 TO $30 PE R WEEK being made selling our new book "Progress andAchievements of the Colored People" by Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race. Low prices, many pictures, lightning; seller. Ask for terms, write quick. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 523 9th Street. WASHINGTON, D. C. At Last We Have It! The housewife's friend is the Arizona Cook Book, by James H. Robinson. The most helpful cook book and a beautiful souvenir picture of the Phoenix Indian School will be mailed on receipt of $1.00 to any place in the United States. Address JAMES H. ROBINSON, Indian School, Phoenix, Ariz. Wes t 137th Street, THE DE VAN 253 New York City Telephone, Audubon 6527. Beautifully lighted, steam heated dining parlors and sleeping rooms. Convenient to all surface, elevated and subway lines. A strictly first-class place for first-class patrons. CHARLES DE VAN, Proprietor HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. TEACHERS A LIVE agency furnishes the connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. THE BON TON WAITER—All the newest ideas which the best European and American Head Waiters know about Serving and Waiting. Price $2.00. THE BON TON TAILOR—All the newest ideas which the best Tailors know about Tailoring, Dyeing, Cleaning and Pressing. Price $2.00. By DALLAS GURLEY Twenty years catered to "New York's Four Hundred" 436 Lenox Avenue New York City Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER French Dressmaking, Ladies1 Tailoring and Millinery. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Fin Mme. BRIDGES' SCHOOL ishing, Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHOOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. Individual Instruction. Write for Catalog. 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS If It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART COMPANY 718 S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF, ARK. LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL, 4709 State St., Chicago. Ill. THE system you will always use after the first trial. Dermo College Co. Makes you an expert in hair and beauty culture Learn to grow and beautify the hair the Dermo way. 19 East 43rd St. Chicago Illinois Chicago Mme. C. J.Walker's Preparation s for the hair Supreme in reputation The Crisis Advertiser MENTION THE CRISIS SOLD EVERYWHERE IN U. S. A. You Will Eventually Use MME. WALKER'S TREATMENT AND PREPARATIONS WHY NOT NOW ? LELIA COLLEGE AND WALKER HAIR PARLOR Main Office: 640 North West St., Indianapolis, Ind. Eastern Branch: 110 W. 136th St., New York City OR YOUR NEAREST WALKER DRESSER 99 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BUY YOUR HOLIDAY GOODS IN REAL HUMAN HAIR NOW Hand-Made Natural Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair Nets. These illustrations show only a few of our styles of perfect fitting natural hair wigs. They cannot be detected from your own hair. They can be washed and combed. WE CARRY THE LARGEST STOCK IN ELECTRIC COMBS A REAL HAIR GROWER FOUND AT LAST MME. BAUM'S WELL-KNOWN HAIR SUCCESS PER JAR 35c &amp; 50c Mme. Baum's Cold Cream, for Cleansing the Skin 50C HAIRDRESSERS' TOOLS, WEAVIN G FRAMES, HACKLERS, MOUNTING MACHINES, CARDS, BLOCKS MME. WALKER'S TOILET PREPARATIONS Mme. Baum's Famous Shampoo for Cleansing the Hair. Per box Coronet Braid all around the head 50C Mme. Baum's Creole Face Powder. Per box 35C MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM, Inc. 486 EIGHTH AVE. Bet. 34th &amp; 35th Sts., (Upstairs) NEW YORK One Minute's Walk From Pennsylvania Depot Mail orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W. I. Send 2c stamp for our beautiful new 1918 Illustrated Catalog. Mention T HE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 101 pearly teeth Above all Red Rose Products smooth faces youthful skins BEAUTY AND WOMEN ARE ONE Obtain beauty or keep it by use of our New Beauty (Night) Cream. Others use mineral oils. Our Night Cream contains vegetable and animal oils, more beneficial, more readily absorbed by the skin. Marvelous results follow its use. Cleanses, soothes, and heals. Delightfully perfumed. 75 cents per jar. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO., INC., 1919 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY WANTED Every reader of THE CRISIS to send for a free trial sample of PHYLLIS HAIR DRESSING AND GROWER and literature on the care and treat ment of the hair and scalp. We wish to prove to your own satisfaction that you can really make your hair grow long, glossy and luxurious— and free from dandruff. See how easy it is to make your hair look lustrous and live—and to keep your scalp clean and healthy. M. J. MILLER 6th and John Sts. Cincinnati, O. We are looking for a reliable, energetic and intelligent agent in each locality. Exclusive AGENTS WANTED FOR THE territory. Please say if you are interested in our agency when writing for sample. SUPERIOR HAIR PREPARATION One of the World's Finest $1.10 for 6 weeks' treatment SYSTEM TAUGHT BY MAIL Mme. J. E. DENSMORE The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM Introducing 4321 Forestville Avenue CHICAGO, ILLINOIS LLYRA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER We GIVE it to YOU A Guaranteed Food Preparation for the Hair. Price 50 cents per box. duality Measure Suit and don't and Fit pay us one cent for it. Guaran Take this fine Made-to-Agents Wanted. System taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble We want you to get one of our high-teed 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. class suite, absolutely Free, so you, can show it to your friends. It will A "Womanly" Way be a big advertisement for us. If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from To Remove Hair $35 to $50 extra every week and besides that be the best- El Radosanitary dressed man in your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute, Washes the hair off by dissolving it. Women fairly revel in the comfort and Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name cleanliness of hair-free underarms. on a postal card and we will send After using El-Rado chiffon sleeves you absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of earn can be worn without any dress shields. pies and fashion plates to choose from. Entirely harmless. Money-back guarantee. Write Now. Everything sent Free At all toilet counters. 50c and $1. 00 and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. If you prefer, we will fill your order by Dept. 981, CHICAGO mail if you write enclosing stamps or coin, MME. LELIA W. ROBINSON 110 W. 136th Street. NEW YORK THE CRISIS ADVERTISER There can be no better gift than a colored doll to a colored child. Our dolls are beautiful. They are jointed and can be adjusted to any position. Nineteen inch doll with natural hair, undressed, $2.00 prepaid. Sixteen inch doll dressed in the latest style. $1.75. Fourteen Inch boy doll dressed. $1.00. All of our goods are shipped prepaid. Send 10c, extra for postage. 50c. extra on Canadian orders. All orders given prompt attention. Terms strictly cash. GADSDEN DOLL CO. Room 439. 30 Church St., New York City. 19 Inch Hair Doll Your Husband, Father, Brother, Sweetheart or Soldier Boy Will Appreciate more than anything else a box of Mitchelson's Havana Specials CIGARS Get him a box. He will enjoy them. These cigars are the regular six-inch Perfecto shape possessing a fragrant blend of mild and mellow Havana Tobaccos and are sent postpaid to any address. Box of 50 for $4.00. MITCHELSON'S HOUSE OF TOBACCOS 433 Lenox Avenue, New York City Statement of the Ownership, Management, Circulation, etc. required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1012. of THE CRISIS, published monthly at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y., for October 1, 1917. State of New York County of New York (ss- Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State and County aforesaid, personally appeared Augustus Granville Dill, who, having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of THE CRISIS, and that the following is, in the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc, of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912. embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Managing Editor: \Y. E. Burghardt DuBois. 70 Fifth Avenue. New York City. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Moorfield Story, President; Roy Nash, Secretary: Oswald Garrison Villard. Treasurer: James Weldon Johnson, Field Secretary: Joel E, Spingarn, Chairman Board of Directors: \Y. E. R. DuBois, Director of Publications and Research. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities: None. AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 28th day of September, 1017. C. A. INGALLS. Notary Public. (My commission expires 30th March, 1919.) Notary Public Richmond County, No. 19 Notary Public New York County, No. 7 Telephones:{central104-WMain61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohis GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law 800 Broad Street, Globe Building. Rooms 603 and 604 Office 'Phone. 3297 Mulberry .._„,,_ „ . Residence Phone. 5277-M Market NEWARK, N. J General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Colorado 7314 MRS. G. WEATHERTON National Employment Agency All Kinds of Domestic Help Furnished Reliable Colored Help a Specialty 811 S. Fair Oaks Avenue, Pasadena, Cal. DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York FEET PAINLESS treatment for CORNS. BUNIONS. INGROWN NAILS, and ALL other AILMENTS of the FEET. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST Registered in the States of New York and New Jersey. Telephone 12S4 Audubon. 167 West 136th St.. New York City. Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs AGENTS$60 WEEKLY little, no plumbing, little water. Weight 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths, far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 a dayeasily made. Write for free tub offer. ROBINSON CABINET MFG CO 4759FactoriesBldg.,Toledo,Ohio Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BR ANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City Christmas Gifts WHA T is a better or more enduring gilt than a book? Twelve books of course. Twelve copies of TH E CRISIS filled with inspiration, information and beauty, coming each month to remind your friend of you. W e have a Christmas Card which we furnish to you free to announce this gift. Then, there are other books. W e can furnish you any book published about Negroes and their problems. W e can furnish you any book published about anything. Write us of your wants. Reference books, school books, books for children, books for grown-ups, picture books, histories and poetry. W e sell at the lowest publisher's prices an save you all the bother of shopping. Write us and write early. The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York Advertising There are twelve million Negroes in the United States. They spend a thousand million dollars every year. THE CRISIS reaches more Negroes with intelligence and money than any periodical in the world. If you have anything to sell which these people want advertise it in TH E CRISIS. Remember that if our rates seem high it is because our service is exceptional. If you want testimonials to this, Write us. Circulation — 47,500 Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN —PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Wa y and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 1 0 minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K 4709 State Street Chicago, Ill. Mention THE CRISIS