Others , made OTHERS A MAGAZINE of the NEW VERSE Vol. II. No. 1 JANUARY 1916 EDITED BY ALFRED KREYMBORG 29 BANK STREET NEW YORK 15 cents a copy $1,50 per year ####OTHERS MARGUERITE ZORACH ALICE GROFF KATHLEEN CANNELL LOUISE MALLINCKRODT KUEFFNER BAYARD BOYESEN JOHN McCLURE JOHN RUSSELL McCARTHY DOUGLAS GOLDRING JOSEPH WARREN BEACH WILHELM KEGEL ROBERT SWASEY ALFRED WATTS EDWARD J. O'BRIEN MAX ENDICOFF Vol. II, No. 1 ##Copyright, 1916 by Alfred Kreymborg New York ##MARGUERITE ZORACH 119 LALLA RAM The garden was warm, languid, The tiny shadows of nime trees softly fingered white balconies, The palms fell limply back from the heavy sun, Everything was old, beautifully old, Everything was old, with the energy of life forgotten. Lalla Ram passed through the garden, The nime trees gathered in their tiny wavering shadows and grouped themselves in bold patterns on the walls, The marigolds burst into generous peals of orange laughter, The small yellow flowers rippled in mellow chuckles that shook their fat green bushes, The smooth trunks of the palms straightened with easy royalty and strode about the garden. The sun shadows were suddenly black and bold in the white light, Everything was life and the joy of life, When Lalla Ram passed through the garden. ##120 MARGUERITE ZORACH HONGKONG I have sat long at the far-above window With the things I am going to leave, Until it has grown too dark to see. The white cloud that crept across the little strip of sky Has faded into greyness With the soft greyness of night. Far above mountain and cloud are lost in each other Tiny sleepy lights blink through the mist Hung in the sky Like stars. They are the eyes of the houses of men who live on the Peak. The flat trees detach themselves from the Chinese street below And climb up into the sky Where the fire-eyes beckon, Pause, caught for a moment in the night, and are lost. ##ALICE GROFF 121 HERM-APHRODITE-US Behold me! The perfect one! Epitome of the universe! The crystal sphere,— reflecting sex,— being,— God. For long ages,— moonlike,— I turned one hemisphere away from God,— stubbornly reflecting only half of His perfection,— Man. For this sin God mocked me,— showing himself in me; monster of masculinity,— tyrannous, cruel, ##122 ALICE GROFF war-mad, death-gluttonous, God,—inverted. Then through love, God saved me,— melted my perverseness, set me spinning, in full God-light,— reflecting wholly His perfection, woman in man, man in woman,— herm-aphrodite-us. Behold me! The perfect one! The crystal sphere,— reflecting perfect sex,— reflecting perfect being,— reflecting God. ##KATHLEEN CANNELL 123 ELUSION I dive from height, And swim Out through a clinging sea, Far in, I see a monstrous god. Stone upon stone of agony Piled Calmly to heaven. I heard it cry: "Make an image to fill them with fear. In love there is no awe; They must tremble." We have made the image. It advances flaming upon me. I drown in brass. I sink Crushed beneath all weight. ## 124 louise mallinckrodt kueffner THE PRAIRIE Before me the great dark broad-breasted prairie expands, Bared to the pale moon's quiet light, A few trees rustle gently, steadily, insistently. Weary I sink upon the great broad breast. On every side the mist arises— A huge strange figure with pale shifting garments and cool white arms that close on me more and more— Till the turbid fever cools, And all the wild desires are lulled at last to languid rest. THE SEA Far out into the sea the tide-bared straggling reefs have crept, and I lie there as one of them. Above and before me, the sun-dashed joyous blue sings one clear note of whole-world blitheness. The great sea is quiet, only endless quivering light-tipped ripples show that it breathes, While afar off pale haze-limned sails steal faintly by like dreams, the dreams of our deeds yet to do— My eyes close: Hot and hotter the noon sun beats on the shimmering sea, the rocks, and me— It runs through my blood till I become all warmth and light— Till the whole world is turned into warmth and light— No world, no I, but only warmth and light, red-flimmering, flickering warming light! ## Bayard Boyesen 125 OVER THE ULTIMATE Who asketh when We that have done with doing and the blood-red tides of men Shall hold fast Ourselves at last? Who cares when? We that have dived o'er the morning and the thither sides of night, What delight Should we have of your traces, Times and places,— What delight? Ye that are day-things, Reckoners of north and south, Of great things ruinous, What should ye know of us, Us that have stars for our playthings, Yea, stars to browse on our mouth? ##126 Bayard Boyesen What life saith Shall we care, We that have juttied through death And despair? We that have joked with the mountain-gales And sent them rattling home, We that have held the morning's sails O'er the foam, Laughing at sails and mornings, all things that are still or roam? What life saith Of its strife Shall we care, We that have juttied through death And despair— Yea, and life! Shall we care? Of what shall we care? ## John Mcclure 127 POEMS OF WISTFULNESS i. wanderer Why do ye find me in these waters? Well, the old wander-dog in me whined; So we came, Baying at the moon, Wistfully over the world. ii. somnambulist Last night I went a-walking with my dreams— Folk such as ye ha' never seen the like of, With faces like moonlight on water, Wistful folk. One of them had eyes The color of will-o'-the-wisp, And another had hair The color of wind. We walked in silence In a grey wood Until dawn. ##128  John Mcclure iii. Visitants In the pale hours Often they come to me stealthily, Tremulous, Ghostly with twilight, Vain as air,— The wraiths o' the gone folk, Whispering, Bidding me be of good cheer, Good hope. IV. heart's-ease Say it again. It is not often One hears "I love you." There is much talk of the winds, But that is of death; And there is great chatter of birds But there is not much in it; And the talking of the sea Says only over and over again Pitiful things with sobs in them. In the words of a woman alone Is there that which is heart-easing. Say it again. ## John Russell Mccarthy 129 SUNDAY MORNING I have come out here into the woods Because there are hob-nails in my shoes, And because the people I saw in the town back there were so spick and span (Even the rosy little tot with his wide, white collar) And because there are so many churches in the town. I have come out here into the woods. The great oak is not spick and span And the little oak does not wear a wide, white collar. And none of us, Not the stone, Nor the wood-mouse, Nor I, Wrangles over the meaning of printer's ink in heavy books. THE THIEF This man, then, is very much like God. The scoundrel. One can excuse omnipotence in deity (An arm gene, or a friend dead, ##130 John Russell Mccarthy And one need not even be a Presbyterian to say: God wills it). I say, having made a God, one can forgive Him. But this man, who by bowing before a minister Can take the girl, Body, mind and soul, And build about her unassailable eternal ramparts Against the world— This man is a sort of God. The scoundrel. But he is tangible And waxes hot and cold And fears hell— There is no forgiveness. SATISFACTION How could any god be happy With only one hell? Why, even a dog has different teeth To crush this flea or that flea. ## Douglas Goldring 131 MAISONNETTES The houses in Windermere Street are 'let off in floors' Which perhaps is the reason it always seems so alert. Little groups of young men and girls gather round its front doors, And keen eyes at all windows observe their endeavors to flirt. Every one in the street knew at once about Lizzie Brown. They saw the flash bloke she took up with, and 'knew how 'twould be.' And they knew why the blinds of the house at the corner are down, And who pays the second floor's rent, at 103. THE HIGHBROWETTES (Merveilleuses de nos jours) "We will now call on Alberic Morphine to give us a reading." The rows of young women look up; their eyes glisten; they shiver With the kind of emotion that's really very misleading. All have fine eyes, yellow faces, vile clothes and a liver. They smoke a great deal, bathe little, and wear no stays. Their artistic garments are made on the Grecian plan; They flock in their crowds to the pit, for Mr. Shaw's plays; And aspire to a union of souls, with some pimply young man. ##132  Joseph Warren Beach NOSTALGIA I. I dreamed my father sent me into his garden To gather an armful of flowers. I found no flowers at all Nor any garden, And so returned with empty hands outspread. Then with pitying smile He led me forth along the frosty pavement Swarming with men and women that jostled and scurried Like maggots deep in the cracks of a mouldy cheese. But as we met them, And each one raised an eager and lustrous face— Though seared with struggle and pain— My father seemed to gather them into his arms And hold them tenderly there as a precious burden, Speaking the names of each with lingering relish— The names were courage, love, endurance, faith— And smiling as mother used in her summer garden To speak of jonquils or of marigolds. II. A thousand fountains in a thousand valleys Bubble and leap and run from the fountain-head, And never a one turns back to its cradled spring. The shining and circling planets Never unravel the magical web they have woven, Fixed to the irreversible shuttles of fate. ## WILHELM KEGEL 133 THE ENDS JUSTIFY THE MEANS At the Pest House dance The undertaker and a midwife Were sitting out a hesitation, And this is what he said to her: "Poets say that Birth and Death Are the two great sacraments of life. You are priestess of the one And I high-priest of the other. We minister at the awful altars, We open the gates of joy and woe, We tune the carol and the dirge, And for all this we are outcasts, Despised and rejected of men. They praise the song and loathe the singer. But isn't this pest house delightful? Dansons! dansons!" ##134 ROBERT SWASEY THE CITY IN SUMMER A dusty vista Down which a cat Darkly moves. Bleak doors And bleaker windows; A withered vine Patters against the wall. A newspaper Shambling in the gutter; A ragged child Stands at the corner Beside a hungry dog Looking in a dust can. A murky Silence over all: The city dead. ## ALFRED WATTS 135 QUESTION NOCTURNAL Eyes like little green apples in a wrinkled apple blossom face, Why do you look at me? The wind lifts gold up and down the street And through the windows even the windows no not the windows Of me. THE CURRENT The white soul of the water Dips—gnawing the tree-roots. It is broken. Across the implacable bronze-green scummed bark And the glistening water-rats Are tired. IN THE PARK: FOR FAROUCHE, NOVEMBER, 1914 Even when I look at the locomotive Holding the round earth from falling into space by means of its magnetic feet, I see the caterpillar Green, wet, fat, A stain on greyness, Dead beside, or under. Or is it above? ##136 EDWARD J. O'BRIEN HELLENICA I. Cleon doth not forget the gentle footsteps Of Scylla, a little maiden, Who returneth not unto her father's dwelling, But walketh the long descent into the silence Tired and alone. II. Rhodoclea, whose body veiled the sun, Hath fallen into shadow Under the grasses. III. Plato's passion troubled Timon's soul. His body followed beauty to the end. Sunlight sifts across his earthy bed. IV. Comatas dreameth of music in soft pastures. His fellow-shepherds have laid his pipe beside him. V. Maidenly Bacchis wove her wedding tunic. Now it lies in the dust That claspeth her loveliness. VI. Myrrha, whose body was clearer than light on water, Remembereth not her beauty In the stillness. ## MAX ENDICOFF 137 NEW YORK ETCHINGS THE SUBWAY A tube of impenetrable black shadows, Through which Dart Yellow-blotched things of steel, With a crunching, grinding cry Of souls in torture. The dismal realm of Darkness, Where Man conceals His unnatural lust for speed From the frank and placid gaze of the sun. THE SEA-LINER Eight convulsive tugboats, Unheroic toilers, Transmute their life strength Into a motion imperceptible Of the giant sea-liner. The leviathan With vulgar contempt Spits from a thousand mouths; Meeting the admiring screech Of humbler kin With haughty silence. ##138 MAX ENDICOFF THE PUBLIC LIBRARY A mausoleum, Of stained marble and gilded trappings, Of spacious vaults and shadowed silences Broken, only, by the hollow echo Of hurrying foot-steps. In certain chambers, Tier upon tier of shelves, Like miniature unsealed graves, Bear at rest The tiny coffins of paper and cloth: The final abode of mortal thought. And here, the ghouls— Mute, furtive and light-of-foot— Prowl about; Peering into the barren homes of the dead For precious words to help the living. THE TERMINAL Ravenous stomach of stone and steel Gulping in Sizzling, steaming morsels. Now, a string of wooden sausages Hurls itself Into the deep, cavernous maw, And a moment later A hissing, stenchful mess Is vomited forth. ########LIBERTY PRINT SHOP , NEW YORK##