The Seven Arts 1.4 (1917-02) THE SEVEN ARTS FEBRUARY, 1917 25 Cents LIFE, ART AND AMERICA By Theodore Dreiser  NOTES ON NAMES. J. D. Beresford, author of "These Lynnekers" and the famous "Jacob Stahl" trilogy, writes us that we are the pioneers in the publication of those of his short stories which he considers his "best work." Theodore Dreiser has won a pre-eminent position among American artists with such works as "Sister Carrie," "The Financier" and "The Titan." His latest novel, "The ‘Genius,’ " has been suppressed through the activities of a self-appointed censorship. In this light, Mr. Dreiser’s statements take on a new interest. Max Eastman, editor of "The Masses," is the author of "The Enjoyment of Poetry" and "Journalism versus Art." Robert Frost is the poet, par excellence, of New England. His best known volume is "North of Boston." This is his first venture in prose. Kahlil Gibran needs no introduction to the readers of The Seven Arts. Helen R. Hull, in addition to being a writer of fiction, teaches English in Columbia University. Horace Holley, prior to the war, conducted a gallery of modern arts and crafts in Paris. He is the author of several books on social and religious subjects, and of a series of plays. Alfred Booth Kuttner is one of the first Americans to apply the principles of Freudian psychology to aesthetic criticism. Edna Wahlert McCourt, a native of St. Louis, is the author of "David’s Birthright," which appeared in the January number of The Seven Arts. Frank Pease has for some time contributed to leading American periodicals. Paul Rosenfeld is a critic whose articles on music are attracting particular attention. Leo Stein is a critic who was in close personal contact with the leaders of the new art movement that centered in Paris before the war. Louis Untermeyer is well known to the readers of The Seven Arts. Willard Huntington Wright has the distinction of being an American aesthetician. Among his works are "Modern Painting" and "The Creative Will." A book by him on "The Encyclopaedia Britannica" is to be issued shortly by B. W. Huebsch. This letter, from a little Pennsylvania town: '‘I am one of the thousands of unknown people who make up the American spirit of which you speak. We have little or nothing to say for ourselves, but how gladly we hear others express us ! Hemmed in, in life, I cannot tell you how such expressions of living as you have so far published, spur one on. Most of the country is as blindly bound as any corner of Europe, and those who refuse the blindfold, suffer. But it is they who make, or will make, the American spirit. It is they, the many unknown, who are hidden and pinned down in sordid corners of America, as I am, who will welcome The Seven Arts. It is they who realize the truth and beauty of D. H. Lawrence, Beresford, Romain Rolland, Sherwood Anderson and the rest, because it is their own lives that are reproduced in the work of these people that you publish." Isn’t The Seven Arts your magazine? If it is, here is a convenient way to make the magazine yours. Pin a dollar bill to this coupon and we will send you The Seven Arts for six months. Subscribers may renew or extend their subscriptions at the same rate. The Seven Arts 132 Madison Ave. New York City I enclose $1.00 for six months subscription (to renew my subscription). Name_ Address.  GARMENTS created by Bertha Holley give the wearer the distinction in color and line of an artist's portrait. Their beauty is essential, therefore permanent, and raises one forever above the confusion and extravagance of changing fashion. Moreover, each garment forms part of an accumulative, inter-changeable wardrobe ‘which may be acquired at once or gradually, as a booklover acquires books, and when complete enables the possessor to meet every occasion with variety and charm. BERTHA HOLLEY Twenty-one East Forty-ninth Street, New York City Telephone: Plaza 1495 A delightful essay in The Seven Arts for March on The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions by Professor Joel Elias Spingarn THREE THOMAS BIRD MOSHER BOOKS Ten O’Clock.......J. A. McNeill Whistler A rare lecture in a limited edition. 450 copies, Italian handmade paper, old style boards. Ten Spiritual Designs.......Edward Calvert "May twilight calm and peace of holiness From Calvert’s solemn vision fall on you." Earthwork Out of Tuscany......Maurice Hewlett The only complete edition of the first, the rarest, and the finest book written by a young man of genius. "At the outset I only wanted to make a few beautiful books." THOMAS BIRD MOSHER Portland, Me. I should be glad to receive more detailed information of these books, and to receive your catalogue of special and miscellaneous editions. Signed..................................................................... Address................................................................S.A.  the SEVEN ARTS FEBRUARY, 1917. PAGE Groping........... HELEN R. HULL	309 Jill’s Way.........EDNA WALHERT McCOURT	328 The Escape..........J. D. beresford	336 The Wave...........louis untermeyer	342 The Seven Selves......... kahlil gibran	345 A Way Out.......... ROBERT FROST	347 Life, Art and America.......Theodore dreiser	363 Editorials......................390 England’s Intellectual Colonization of America........willard huntington wright	395 Meanings........... leo stein	402 The Artist........Alfred booth kuttner	406 The Music of Ernest Bloch......PAUL rosenfeld	413 Our Unpublished Masterpieces..... Horace holley	419 Science and Free Verse ....... max Eastman	426 Cover Design by Rollo Peters Subscription price, payable in advance, in the United States and Territories, $2.50 per year; Canada, $3.00; Foreign, $3.50. Published monthly on the first, and copyrighted, 1917, by The Seven Arts Pub. Co., Inc. All subscriptions filled from the New York office. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. reserves the right to reject any subscription taken contrary to its selling terms and to refund the unexpired credit. Manuscripts must be submitted at author’s risk, with return postage. Second Class Entry in the New York Post Office, and the Post Office at Ottawa, Canada, applied for. Address all subscriptions and business communications to THE SEVEN ARTS PUBLISHING CO., INC., 132 Madison Ave., N. Y. A. K. Rankine, President	James Oppenheim, Vice-President Arthur M. Reis, Secretary	A. J. Leverton, Business Manager I FOUR IMPORTANT NEW BOOKS KATHERINE KEITH’S	THE GIRL Portions of this book were features of several numbers of The Atlantic Monthly, which announced them as "a personal revelation, such as we believe has not appeared in print for many years." With a sure choice of significant incident and episode the book reveals the development of an American girl of to-day. It is, in a sense, an American "Marie-Claire." Just ready. $1.35 net. MARTIN A. NEXÖ’S	PELLE THE CONQUEROR The English translation of this great Danish novel, which pictures the modern labor leader as "Jean-Christophe" does the artistic genius, is now complete in four volumes. Each volume, except perhaps the last, is of independent interest. Each $1.50 net. "One of the most momen-	I.	BOYHOOD.	"Possesses the literary quali- tous books which this century	II. APPRENTICESHIP.	ties that burst the bonds of has so far produced."—Man-	III. THE GREAT STRUGGLE.	national boundaries."—Spring- chester Guardian.	IV.	DAYBREAK.	field Republican. T. FLOURNOY’S THE PHILOSOPHY OF WILLIAM JAMES Translated by E. B. HOLT aad WILLIAM JAMES, Jr. The authorized translation of what is perhaps the best critical study of William James yet written. The book contains just enough biographical material to give unity to a discussion of opinions and creeds always in process of development, and is otherwise an exposition, clear and distinguished in style, of which any historian of philosophy might be proud. The translation is the work of men who were intimate with James, both personally and professionally, and does full justice to Professor Flournoy and to the subject. Just ready. $1.25 net. WILLIAM JAMES	ON VITAL RESERVES THE ENERGIES OF MEN.—THE GOSPEL OF RELAXATION. The problems of everyday conduct were never far removed from the philosophy of William James. These two essays sum up his informed and heartening judgment on how men and women, especially young men and young women, may best realize their powers. The problems he discusses are just those which most readers will recognize as their own. Just ready. 50 cents net. HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY 34 We9t 33d Street Groping Helen R. Hull "WAS that really true, what you said?" "What?" Cynthia leaned against the wall, tucking her gray kimono about her feet. From that position she could watch the girl who stood before the mirror, braiding her dark hair. She could even catch glimpses in the glass of the girl’s face and firm neck, very white as it rose from the folds of the scarlet bath-robe. "What did I say?" she asked again, although she knew exactly what Mary meant. "That you’d never kissed any—man?" "Yes, it’s true." Cynthia clasped her thin arms about her knees. "I didn’t suppose you did unless you were engaged." "Bless the child!" Cynthia caught a flash of white teeth in the mirror as Mary flung a long braid over her shoulder. "How’d anybody ever know she wanted to be engaged?" "I’ve not been engaged," said Cynthia. Into her eyes and stubborn little mouth had come an intensity which rested in curious presaging on the thin, sober face with its high forehead. She was thinking that here was another of the things she didn’t know about, another of the things she had never talked about until tonight. She hadn’t talked much tonight; she had listened. The little dormitory room had taken on an atmosphere of midnight confessional, with youth offering all it knew of life, before the other girls, friends of Mary, had pulled themselves sleepily from their chairs and couch corners and said good-night. Shut in alone with Mary, warm, vivid Mary, Cynthia expanded delicately, [309] Groping pushing out from bonds of reticence. Perhaps Mary would tell her more about love and being engaged after they were in bed. She thrust the question aside, and returned to her delight in Mary’s intricate preparations for the night. The crisp rustle of the red ribbon Mary was tying about her head pleased Cynthia; she loved the curve of the white arms, with the loose sleeves flaming back from them. Mary dropped her brushes and turned. "There! I’m ready. Tired waiting?" Cynthia jumped from the couch to help eagerly in the process of despoiling it of cover and reducing it to an ordinary bed. "Pretty narrow," said Mary, as she slid one of the cushions into a pillow-case. "Guess we can manage, though." "Oo—it’s cold!" she cried, pushing a window open and running back to the bed. "Turn off the light there and hurry!" In the darkness Cynthia climbed between the covers, trying to make herself as small as possible at the edge of the cot. "Cuddle up, Goosey!" exclaimed Mary, thrusting an arm under Cynthia’s shoulders, and Cynthia thrilled to breathlessness in the warm embrace. "Didn’t anybody ever try to kiss you?" demanded Mary after a moment. "Once." For some reason Cynthia was glad she could say once, at least. "But I didn’t like him to try." Mary drew her more closely against herself, laying her free hand on Cynthia’s cheek. "How cool your hand is." Cynthia snuggled against it. "Dear!" murmured Mary, and then, impetuously, "You ought to know how it feels, I think." She lifted Cynthia’s face to hers, and her full lips closed on Cynthia’s. Cynthia lay very still, but within her slender, inert body something began to whirl and whirl, up to the sweet soft lips of Mary. [310] Helen R. Hull Suddenly, with a shiver, she pulled away, hiding her face against Mary’s throat. "It’s like that," Mary whispered, "love is, only far, far more wonderful. You—you don’t mind?" she asked, as Cynthia trembled in her arms. "Oh, no!" Cynthia drew away from her. "But it frightens me." "That’s just that you didn’t know," said Mary. Under the practical tone was a note of uneasiness. "I thought you ought to know." She settled herself more deeply into the pillows. "There’s so much a girl has to find out for herself. I did." "I guess—" Cynthia felt toward Mary with a timid hand. "I guess I have a great deal to find out." Mary seized her hand and pulled her again into the fragrant curve of her shoulder. "You’re a dear!" she said, and a moment later, sleepily, "If I were a man I’d love you." Her drowsy lips brushed Cynthia’s forehead. Cynthia clung to the hand, full of the delight and the pain of mysterious quickening. More wonderful, Mary had said, and instinct-driven, blind, she yearned for that promise of great wonder. She felt beneath her cheek the slow, regular breathing, as Mary slept. Something rustled. She raised her head cautiously; only the curtain blowing in against the desk. The cold wind tingled in her nostrils, and she dropped back into her shelter. The faint, sensuous odor of white flesh made her glow, and in the dark warmth she drowsed, her mind full of new imaginings that hurried after her into her dreams. She woke the next morning with a start, wondering what it was she was trying to grasp. Suddenly she remembered; as she looked over at Mary, who was stirring reluctantly, she flushed. Then she pushed the thing away from her thoughts; [311] Groping it didn’t belong to the bright morning, someway. Behind her thoughts, however, it still worked, so that she jumped out of bed without minding the chilly room, lowered the window, brought Mary her bathrobe, all in a mood of impersonal gratitude. Breakfast in the big dormitory dining room was a hasty performance; after that Cynthia helped Mary straighten her room. Then she hurried into her coat and hat, while Mary, grumbling because she must spend the morning in a laboratory, gathered her notebooks. "I’ll walk to the car with you," she told Cynthia, "for a breath of air. Wish you lived in the dormitory instead of home." They walked briskly across the campus, the snow crunching under their heels. Cynthia slipped her hand in Mary’s arm with a little skip. "Aren’t things bright this morning!" she said. "Bright blue, bright black—" they were passing a line of pointed firs —"bright white!" "Cold, too." Mary pulled her sweater about her throat. "Guess I’ll run back here." Cynthia looked up at her. She was wishing she had Mary’s bright color; it fitted into the clear winter day. "I’ve had a beautiful time," she said. Then she added quickly, "I’m going to the Assembly tonight." "With Clark?" Mary’s eyes met hers, flashed sudden meaning, and dropped. "Yes." Cynthia hesitated. At a distant rumble she withdrew her arm. "There’s my car. I’ll have to run. Goodbye!" Breathless, she dropped into a seat at the rear of the yellow car which connected the college with the town. She bent her head, adjusting her hat and searching her purse for a handkerchief as several girls followed her into the car. In their furs and velvet hats they made her feel awkward; she didn’t [312] Helen R. Hull know them well, anyway. They seated themselves in seats ahead of her, and as the car jangled its starting bell, Cynthia relaxed comfortably. She could watch them now, without having to strain for some answer to their chatter. For a time she did watch them, wistfully; they were much cleverer than she, much prettier. One of them tucked up a lock of hair with a smoothly white-gloved hand, and Cynthia resented bitterly her own clumsy woolen gloves. Her usual solace, that she could outstrip them in her classes, failed her. They were all beautifully gowned young ladies, and she, outside the pale, a queer, awkward girl. She turned her face toward the frosty window. A whiff of air as the door behind her opened to admit a passenger caught her nostrils, and she slipped into the night before. Half guiltily she lingered a moment at the verge of definite recalling. Was it wicked, when it was so beautiful? Even if it was! Slowly she let herself down into the pool of memory, amazed that she could thrill so at things cool over night. Through the memories came, somehow, the last glance Mary had given her, and swift, uncalled pictures of Clark, the boy with whom she went occasionally to dances. The car’s jerk as it swung into a switch aroused her, and she hurried off and up the short block to her home, whipping on an air of great nonchalance as she ran up the steps. In the entry she stopped, to hang her coat and hat on the rack. As she opened the door into the hall she heard her mother’s "Is that you, Cynthia?" and smelled the spicy odor of baking. She followed the voice into the kitchen. "Well, you’re here!" Her mother looked up from the pile of dishes she was drying, the habitual irritation of the tired house-keeper in her tone. Cynthia glanced about the kitchen, with a vague expectation that she might find something changed; she felt as though she had been gone for a long time. Everything was quite the same, however, even to the oatmeal kettle soaking at the back [313] Groping of the range. "I came right after breakfast," she defended herself against an imagined reproach. "There’s lots to do," replied her mother. Cynthia took the long-sleeved apron from the hook and slipped her arms into it, turning for her mother to button it at the neck. She still had a feeling of remoteness; for a moment she had lost her continuity with the familiar routine of home life. Her mother patted her shoulder. "Did you have a good time?" She put the question in a casual way, and Cynthia answered "Yes" in the same tone. "What shall I do?" she asked quickly, to prevent her mother’s keen glance from developing into words. "I don’t know." Her mother sighed. "I’ve had a bad time with the range. There’s everything to do." "You go and sit down. Let me finish the dishes." Cynthia tried to brush her away from the table. "No, indeed. If you’re ready to work, you can see to the upstairs. And the sitting room’s got to be brushed up. Was it a nice meeting?" Cynthia stopped in the doorway. "Very nice." In a little rush of pity for her mother she added, "And afterwards some of the girls came up to Mary’s room and had a spread. The best cake! One of their mothers sent it. And they stayed and talked." "So you did have a good time." Cynthia walked on into the dining room to hide the accusing flush which had run up into her face. Vaguely in her mind flashed the justification, "Mother doesn’t want me to know anything. She thinks I’m just a little girl yet." "Your father was put out because I let you stay," her mother was saying. "I told him you’d have a better time." The note of satisfaction deepened Cynthia’s guilt, and she caught her lip between her teeth to keep back a reflection on her father. [314] Helen R. Hull Upstairs it was too cold for loitering. As Cynthia hurried about, spreading the fresh Saturday linen, setting the rooms in order, the pleasant indefinite mood of hands busy with a task and thoughts relaxed came to her. She swept, frosted the cake, helped with the lunch, and waved her mother off for a shopping trip. After she had cleared the luncheon things away, she hung her apron behind the door, and went through the quiet house to the library. Always she found it a pleasant adventure to be left alone in the house, and today! She curled up on the couch under the window, and with a little sigh, slipped into the warm flood of thoughts, of halfimaginings, of trembling dreams. Late in the afternoon her mother returned, and the two hastened the preparations for supper. Cynthia was filling the water tumblers when her father, after much stamping of feet on the porch, came in. He was a stocky, heavy-shouldered little man, with an obstinate chin. "Well!" he called out. "Thought you’d make us a little visit, did you?" Cynthia frowned; it was difficult not to take her father’s jokes too seriously. Through supper she was silent, eating listlessly, saying nothing, except in answer to questions. At the end, she pushed back her chair. "I’ll have to go and dress, mother." "Why?" Her father gazed at her sharply. "Where are you going tonight?" "Just to the Assembly," said the mother quickly. "What for? You were out all last night." "Last night," Cynthia said, struggling to speak in a very dignified tone, "was only the literary society at college. I haven’t been to a dance for a long time." "Humph. Who are you going with? That college fellow?" "Yes." With an imploring glance at her mother, Cynthia fled up the stairs. She heard the protesting murmur of her [315] Groping mother’s voice as she shut herself into her own room. Her father certainly could be most unreasonable! But the deeper concern of dressing for the evening drove her father out of mind. First she brushed her fair hair, trying to fluff it out about her temples, and sighing as it proved too fine and soft. She tied a blue ribbon about it, leaning forward anxiously to peer at the result. She bit her lip; was the ribbon better than no ribbon? She decided to wear it, turning from her reflection with a flush of distress that she was so plain. From the closet she brought her blue dress, slipping it over her head, and fastening it with a little shrug of resignation. How could anyone be pretty who wore always the same clothes? She waited an eager minute after the bell rang at eight. Perhaps it wasn’t Clark. But she caught his "Good evening, Mr. Bates," and laughed to herself in pleasure at his deep formality. As she reached the foot of the stairs her mother sent her an anxious glance; she may have seen a hint of new flowering in the palely flushing face. Cynthia extended her hand, her eyes seeking the face of the boy, as though she thought to find it altered. He looked exactly as he always had; a clear, high-cheekboned face, with practical eyes and immature lips. Cynthia lingered in the doorway while her father asked a grave question concerning the tariff. She didn’t hear Clark’s answer; she thought, instead, how strong he looked, in his rough overcoat. Finally they were free to go. As they ran down the steps Clark seized her arm. "I feel in jolly shape," he said. "Let’s dance every dance." Cynthia swung up to tiptoe and laughed. How he towered above her in the crisp dark! She could just see the outline of his face and the puffs of white steam his words made. "Let’s dance them all—together!" she exclaimed. "That’s the stuff. Let’s hurry!" The Assembly Hall was only a few blocks from the house, [316] Helen R. Hull in the second story of an office building. Never had its windows shone more brightly, Cynthia was sure. "Oh, I’m glad I can dance." Cynthia didn’t know she had spoken aloud, until Clark pressed her arm more firmly. "You feel good, too, don’t you? Let’s hurry!" And they ran together up the wide wooden stairs to the second floor. The hour for the dancing lesson was just over, and a few of the more venturesome beginners were trying their steps on the polished floor, while the orchestra—a pianist and two ’cellists—tried their strings and hunted for the music of the first number of the real assembly. Cynthia hung her coat in the stuffy little cloakroom, sent a swift glance at her blue ribbon in the tiny mirror, for once indifferent to the other girls about her, and sped back to the hallway. Clark was there; she appraised quickly the other waiting males. Not one so tall, so straight, so clean as he, she thought. It was a new, gay Cynthia that evening, so light that Clark declared she was nothing but the music itself. Her former sober delight in dancing had vanished; she herself did not know how she had come into possession of cajoleries, of daring words, of glances more daring, of eyes swiftly averted. When they swung out to the last waltz, Clark’s hand tightened over hers. "I wish we needn’t stop." He bent over her, his breath fanning her cheek. Cynthia’s eyelids drooped; she was nothing but a reed through which the rhythmic motion ran. When the music stopped she went silently for her wraps, something within her hurting a little that the end had come. They were both silent as they went out into the dark, frosty street. Cynthia shook her head at Clark’s "Are you cold?" Her shoulder touched his arm, and in the dark her eyes widened. She slipped on the crusty walk, and Clark caught her hand. "You’re shivering!" he exclaimed. "Here!" [317] Groping Then his arm was around her waist. Cynthia felt the rough coat almost against her cheek, felt her heart whirling within her. They crossed the street and mounted the steps of her home. At the door Cynthia pulled away. "You—you might come in—" she said faintly. "I might." Clark had a brusk nonchalance in his voice. "I’d like to get warm before I take my car." They pushed the door softly open and entered. Cynthia’s lips parted with a quick breath as she saw the empty sitting room. Her mother had not sat up for her. "Let me take your coat." Clark’s fingers were at her throat, unhooking the collar. She couldn’t lift her eyes, but she wheeled, eluding his arms. She shook off the coat, and ran across the room. "It’s warmer over here by the register." She faced him, leaning back against the wall, her hands outspread. With fluttering wings within her breast, she watched him as he came slowly toward her. Something made her raise her heavy hands to pull the pins from her hat and drop it at her feet. The boy brushed it to one side and stood close to her. The fluttering wings ceased, and Cynthia thought in swift panic that she could even yet stop, could rush back to the old safe ground. This was happening because she had wished it. But Clark whispered "Cynthia! Cynthia!" and she lifted her tender, wishing face. Then he had her in his arms, his lips eager against hers; her heart was molten quicksilver, escaping from her. Clark drew her down into a chair, and knelt beside her, lifting her quivering fingers to his lips and cheek. For a moment they remained thus, Cynthia in a silent ecstacy, pouring herself out through her finger tips. At a sound somewhere above them in the house, Clark got quickly to his feet. "I suppose I ought to go," he said, listening uneasily. "It’s pretty late." [318] Helen R. Hull Yes, it was late. Cynthia held her breath to listen. Her father might come to the stairs to call her up to bed. There was no sound again. But Clark moved toward the door. "I’d better go." Cynthia rose. Go? Now—? Her eyes alone made protest. At the door the boy stopped. "Aren’t you going to say good-night?" he asked softly. Cynthia clasped her cold hands. He was going, and in that way! "Good-night." "That’s not the way, Cynthia." He held his hands to her. "Here!" She swayed, staring at him, held by a thread of sudden fear. With a sigh she broke the thread and ran to him, clinging to him, swinging up, up against his lips. Her own intensity frightened her, and she thought she was falling, until Clark released her, and she found herself standing in the entry, back in her own body. He was opening the door; she tried to say, "You will come again, soon—" but her lips would not move to the words. "Good-night," he whispered, and was gone. She set the night-latch, snapped off the light, and climbed the stairs quite without volition. A voice as she reached the hall above startled her so that she stumbled. "Did you lock the door, Cynthia?" "Yes," she answered, terrified lest her voice might betray her. But her mother called "Good-night," and Cynthia, gaining her room, pushed the door shut and waited in the darkness for her heart to cease pounding in her throat. She undressed rapidly, her mind yearning ahead to the kind shelter of her bed. Finally she lay there, straight and motionless. She would go over the evening moment by moment. Deliberately she returned to the beginning. Suddenly through her body flickered this new emotion, and she turned, hiding her face in the pillow, pulling herself against [319] Groping the bed to quiet the frightening quivers that ran through her. This—this must be love itself! She felt the pillow wet under her cheek; she hadn’t known she had cried. She pressed her lips against it, moaning a little. It was wonderful, but terrifying, not to be understood. A crumpled leaf, she whirled up and up in the strong wind of desire she could neither see nor resist, until she slept. Cynthia, the next day, struggled across the hours of a humdrum Sunday in a valorous attempt to pretend she was the same Cynthia. She was afraid someone would discover her secret; it glowed within her breast until she knew it must shine out and betray her. Not until after the late Sunday dinner, when under pretext of studying, she could retreat to her room with her books, was she free. Sitting by her window, her chin propped on her hands, she drifted quite clear of the tedium of the day. In the early winter evening the doorbell sounded in the house below. Cynthia jumped to her feet, and flinging open her door, ran to the head of the stairs. Could it be—it was! She heard Clark ask for her. She was downstairs in an instant, flashing past her father into the entry. In a moment she was again in the sitting room, her head thrown high. "Clark can stay just a little while." Her voice defied her family. "We’re going out for a short walk." "You’ll freeze to death," remarked her father, who was settling himself with his book. "I’ve not been out all day." Cynthia spoke quickly. "I’ll not be gone long." She pulled a cap over her hair, wound a scarf about her throat, and shaking herself into her coat, joined Clark in the little entry. "Quick !" she whispered. "Before they decide it’s too cold." Out in the street the lassitude of the day lifted from her. She walked provokingly at the far edge of the sidewalk, chat- [320] Helen R. Hull tering of everything which drifted into her head. At the corner she turned into a street recently laid out, and but little built up. Clark, his hands in his pockets, gave sulky answers to her flitting queries. Then her chattering snapped off, and there was no sound but the cold talk of snow under their feet. A man passed them, peering over his shoulder before he disappeared into the night. The snow-covered fields were faintly luminous, with here and there a light picking out the window of a distant house. Cynthia felt Clark moving more closely toward her; they were alone in the bare little street. He touched her arm, and then their cold lips, clinging together, grew warm and moist. They walked on again, Cynthia’s hand tight in Clark’s. She glanced shyly at him; she was saying to herself, "I love you—I love you." Her lips tingled in the cold air; she felt radiant, as though her singing blood illumined her. She held her face up for a swift little kiss, laughing. "I say-" Clark pressed her hand. "I’ve wanted to kiss you for a long time. I didn’t know you were like this." "Like what?" Cynthia wished she could see his face as he bent over her. "Oh—liking to be kissed, you know." "I never have!" Cynthia drew back from his face, her voice low with an instinctive pride in the value of her gift to him. "What? Never? Oh, come!" Cynthia was troubled; he shouldn’t jest about this, even if he did wish to tease her. "Certainly not," she said, gravely. "Oh, well! Most girls do." "Do the girls you know?" Cynthia flung out the question as a recoil from the pain of his words. "Why, yes." Clark paused, and then blundered ahead. "It’s more fun going together then. Isn’t it?" Cynthia shrank away from his arm. "You mean-" and her voice was thin and white like her [321] Groping breath in the winter air—"You mean you do it—for fun?" "Well, don’t you?" Clark demanded. "You let me," he added uncomfortably. Cynthia was hurrying along, head bent; she wanted to escape the ogre of realization which pursued, close at heel. "Don’t go so fast!" Clark grasped her arm. "You—are you cross?" "Cross?" Cynthia jerked out a little laugh. "I’m just cold. Let’s hurry home. It seems much colder." "Well, if you want to go home, that isn’t the way." Clark failed in his attempt at facetiousness, but his words halted Cynthia. The slight wind drove the cold all into her heart. She couldn’t see where they had come. "It’s back this way." Clark wheeled. "If you are cold—" Without waiting for the end of his sentence, Cynthia turned and ran past him, her scarf fluttering over her shoulder. "It’s warmer—running—" she panted, as she heard his feet close behind her. "All right, come on!" She was scarcely aware that Clark thrust his arm through hers. The air stung her throat; her breath seemed to freeze before it reached her lungs. She ran and ran; where was the corner? The sidewalk began to lurch up to meet her feet. She stumbled, and Clark dragged her up. "You’re all out of breath," he gasped, but she only shook her head. Just as her feet grew so heavy that she knew she couldn’t lift them, she saw ahead the dark mass of the elm which reached up to her window, and then across the snow, patches of light from the sitting room windows. Wrenching her arm free, she whirled ahead, up the steps to the door, where, her fingers clutching the handle, she faced the boy. Stronger than her need to escape, now, was her need to send him away unwitting, to fill his eyes with dust of some untruth, that he might not see her wound. [322] Helen R. Hull "I-beat-you!" She shrank against the door. "You have to pay for that!" His quick breathing burned her cheek. Her spirit doubled and twisted like a cornered wild thing. What could she say so that he would go—would go, not knowing? His hands were on her shoulders; she pushed them off. "No! Not any more!" she cried. "You—you’ll have to run for your car. I hear it coming." "But Cynthia—little girl!" The throaty humoring protest was close in her face. She turned the knob, and stepped into the open door. "You can’t kiss me," she said, distinctly. "I don’t think it’s much fun. It’s rather stupid. Good night." She closed the door and listened, in panic lest he follow her. After a moment she heard his feet, thoughtful, pausing once, and then descending the steps to the street. She wheeled with a start as the inner door opened. "I thought I heard you, Cynthia. What you doing here in the cold?" Her mother held the door wide. "Clark gone?" "Yes." Cynthia clenched her hands, as though to gather all her emotions there, secure from suspicion, until she could be alone. "Yes. He had to go. I’m just taking off my things." "Was it pretty cold?" Her mother lingered. "Dreadfully." "You shouldn’t have gone out again tonight." Cynthia plunged desperately into the bright sitting room; there was no way to avoid the light. She was afraid to sit down there, where everything had happened last night. Her father and mother would guess! "I think I’ll go to bed," she said. The stairs beckoned to her. "I’m tired." "Are you sick, Cynthy?" Her mother’s voice came after her. [323] Groping "No. Not a bit." Cynthia was already halfway to the head of the stairs. "Just tired. Good-night." She wished to lock her door, but she feared lest someone discover that she had done that and demand her reason. So she turned on the light and began to undress, thankful as many older people have been, for the reprieve of a moment through an habitual act. Her shoestring had knotted; she pulled at it with a little sob, and it broke. At length she stood by her bed buttoning her flannel nightgown. Her body felt cold as she touched it with her hand; that was strange, when waves of heat were beating in her head. She climbed slowly into bed letting herself down into the cold sheets with a shudder. Out of the confusion of emotions that blurred and moved at the horizon of her consciousness, one emerged, expanded, grew distinct, and scorched through her. She was ashamed, ashamed. "You let me!" Clark had accused her, and she had let him. More than that, she had wished him to love her—had worse than asked him. And he had thought it fun! She would have this shame to hide all her life. She must be very sinful, a girl who liked that—she could not think the word for the caresses—when there was no love behind them. Was this the way one’s heart broke? She pressed her fingers against her small breasts. She wouldn’t hide her face in her arm; that would be childish—she might even cry then. This was no young sorrow, to be melted in tears. Why had she been so shameless? Through her body quivered a poignant memory, unbidden, of Clark’s flushed face close to hers, of his lips. She drove the recollection away, the hot shame running up into her very eyelids. "Oh, I don’t love him!" she cried. In a moment of white penetration, she caught back her former attitude toward the boy; she had accepted him with a thoughtless tolerance because he was jolly, and tall, and personable. She sat up in bed, her lips moving. "Oh, I don’t know why I did it!" [324] Helen R. Hull Within her worked an inarticulate bewilderment that things without reality could seem so beautiful, could cause such emotion. At the sound in the hall she dropped back against the pillow pulling the clothes up to her chin. As the door opened carefully she held her breath; she would pretend to sleep. But her mother came in and sat down on the bed. "I’ve brought you some hot cocoa, Cynthy," she said, and Cynthia knew she was peering anxiously through the dimness. "You’ll sleep better." Cynthia could see the swirl of steam from the cup held toward her. She didn’t want it! But drinking it might be the quickest way to regain solitude. Propping herself on an elbow, she gulped recklessly choking a little as she tasted the thick sweetness. It brought tears into her eyes, but that, and the hot pain in her chest after she had swallowed, gave her a curious relief, as if she suffered in atonement for a sin. She lay down again, shrinking from her mother’s hand as it touched her forehead. "You aren’t sick, Cynthia? " "No, I said I wasn’t. " "Is anything the matter? " Cynthia’s heart gave a jump, and then ran into quick beating, in her breast, in her throat, in her temples. Had her mother heard—last night? Had she guessed? "Why, no! " she exclaimed, and then added hastily, "What made you think so? " "You haven’t had a quarrel with Clark?" Her mother’s voice was a worried, repressed caress. "No." Cynthia bit off her laugh suddenly; it felt as if it were about to run up into a scream. "We—we never quarrel. What would we quarrel about?" "Well," her mother sighed. "You aren’t going too far with him, are you? He isn’t worth it. Your father says he’s just [325] Groping a light-weight fellow." "I don’t know what you mean. You want me to have some fun, don’t you?" She hadn’t meant to say quite that, and the phrase "some fun" was a hot wind, shrivelling her against the pillow. Remotely she heard her mother. "Of course. But I don’t want anybody to make you unhappy. You’re too young for that sort of thing." Cynthia stared at her mother’s face, just visible in the streak of light from the hall lamp. "That sort of thing!" Then her mother knew—had some knowledge about things. Unconsciously Cynthia groped toward her; perhaps she would explain. Before her hand touched that of her mother, however, it dropped, checked by the old habit of inhibition. Her mother would not understand. She would say, "You are too young to think of such things." And when the mother, a little wistfully, brushed the hair from Cynthia’s forehead, and leaning over, kissed her cheek, Cynthia lay very still, struggling with a resentment which seemed disloyal, a resentment that these older people had knowledge they concealed so carefully. Her mother rose. "Good-night, dear. You were up too late last night, I guess. And you probably talked all the night before. Go right to sleep. I’ll call you in time tomorrow." In the doorway for an instant she paused, a rather weary silhouette; then Cynthia was alone again. She was sleepier; the brief contact with her usual life had dulled the edge of her emotions. At any rate, no one knew. Clark didn’t know; he would think she had been playing with him. And her mother didn’t guess. She turned curling her arm under her head. Mary wouldn’t ask her questions. She opened her eyes for a moment. Did Mary know things, she wondered, except the feeling of them? She closed her heavy [326] Helen R. Hull eyelids. "Am I very sinful," she thought. Turning a little more, she pressed her eyes against her arm wondering dimly why the gold and blue spots danced about on her eyelids. Perhaps, if she understood more, she would become better. With a faint sigh she slept. [327] Jill’s Way By Edna Wahlert McCourt SCENE ONE The Park. Late twilight, one Friday, in autumn. JACK and JlLL are sitting on a bench, close as any lovers. The wind blows. JlLL: (shivering) Ugh. How cold the wind is. JACK: (drawing her closer) You should have worn your coat, instead of this thin, skimpy sweater, Honey. JlLL: I haven’t a coat. Jack: Haven’t a coat! What do you mean? Jill: (a little shyly) Well . . . it’s just this way, Jack. My last year’s coat is a rag and I—I didn’t want to buy a new one until I knew what we were going to do. (Wistfully) I wouldn’t need many clothes if—if we got married, Jack. JACK: (despairingly) O Honey, can’t we! JlLL: (snuggling closer) Can we? Jack: I don’t know— Jill: Neither do I— JACK: (mournfully) It wasn’t so bad this summer, not to be. But with the cold weather coming again . . . Jill: (sighing) This wind makes me want to cry. It means that soon we will—pretty nearly every evening—have to go to the movies. Twenty cents a night, too. Six dollars a month . . . (sighing again) Oh, I could do so much with six dollars if we were in a little cottage, Jack. Jack: I know. JlLL: (catching a sob before it quite escapes) I’m so tired [328] Edna Wahlert McCourt of the movies. The girls in the films always get married. They make me jealous. JACK: (with sudden determination, hut very bitterly) I’m going back to the farm! We can exist there, anyway, and we can be together. I guess we were fools to leave the country. Both our folks said so. Yes, I’m going back to the farm! JlLL: (stopping his excited flow of words with a kiss) Sh . . . Don’t be silly. Please. There, there, poor boy. Such a nuisance I am. Indeed we will not go back to the country. And we weren’t fools to leave, and we’ll show our folks we weren’t, too! We were right to come to the city, and we’re going to stay. You never were cut out for a farmer, Jack, nor I for a farmer’s wife. Jack: I know, but— JlLL: There aren’t going to be any buts. Jack: But we must get married. We simply must, Honey. That’s all there is to it, isn’t it? I know there are two kinds of people in the world—one kind made for the country and one kind for the city—and though we were both made for the city we can’t stay here if we can’t get married. Can we? We just can’t. That’s all there is to it. Oh, if I only could make more money! JlLL: You’ve made scads of money, Jack. You’ve done beautifully. Raised from eight dollars a week to fifteen in a year. I think that is positively wonderful! Jack: It isn’t bad. But I won’t double again so quickly. I know the boss likes me, and soon I’ll be getting twenty-five. But after that—well, that’ll be pretty nearly about all, Jill. JlLL: (timidly) What you’re earning now would be plenty for the two of us. JACK: I know. You are a swell manager and will make both ends meet . . . JlLL: (eagerly) The little cottage is only fifteen dollars a month, Jack. With a garden, I can keep house on fifteen; and [329] Jill’s Way we can spend the rest on incidentals and extras, and save something, too. I’ve figured it all out, Jack. Jack: (stubbornly) I don’t care. I’ve told you before that there may be more than—the two of us. JlLL: (sighing) Oh, dear. There will be, of course. I want a whole—a whole crowd of them, Jack. Jack: Kids come high. Jill: I know. Jack: I wouldn’t want to spoil ’em, but I would want to feed ’em top notch, and clothe ’em nice, and put ’em through all the schools they hanker after, and take ’em out in a Ford . . . with maybe a holiday trip to the country in the summer time . . . and candy, and the movies. (Sighing heavily) Kids come high. And it wouldn’t be fair to them for us to be—thoughtless. Jill: Oh, Jack, can't we manage? Jack: I don’t see how. I ain’t foolish enough to think I’m ever going to be a money king or make a pile. I’m just a good, steady fellow who’ll always be worth a neat small sum to his boss. JlLL: And you won’t let me work, too, Jack? My ten a week . . . Jack: No, I won’t let you work! I’ve said so, and I mean it. A wife’s a wife, not a shop girl. At least the girl I make my wife is going to be just my wife. She’ll have her hands full, too. JlLL: Some girls are better off working, even if they are married. But I really don’t want to be a shop girl always, Jack, any more than you want me to be. I’m just not that sort. JACK: (half begging, half counter-pleading) Let’s go back to the farm, Honey! Jill: No! No! We don’t belong there! There must be a way—here. There must be a way to manage. Oh, there must be a way, Jack! [330] Edna Wahlert McCourt SCENE TWO The advertising department of a newspaper office, Saturday afternoon. JlLL approaches a large desk over which hangs a huge sign: "Want Ads." She is plainly embarrassed. CLERK: What can I do for you? Jill: I want—I want to put an advertisement in the paper, please. Clerk: Here’s a pad. Write out your ad. JlLL: I have written it out already. Clerk: How is it to be classified? Jill: I don’t know. Clerk: Do you mean you don’t know what you’re advertising for? Jill: Oh, I know. Clerk: Well, what head does it come under? Cook, stenographer, seamstress— JlLL: None of those. In fact, I’ve never seen an ad quite like it. Clerk: Nonsense. Let me read it. JlLL: (handing over a paper) How much will it cost? Clerk: I’ll have to count the words. I’ll read it. Tell me if I get it straight. (He reads, his voice showing more and more amazement as he proceeds. He ends with a little gasp ) : ASSOCIATE PARENTS WANTED !—Young, healthy, sensible, capable woman of excellent country parentage wishes to marry young man of equally good health, character and antecedents. The young man is earning enough to support himself and wife, but not enough to support children also. Any person of good character who will guarantee to pay the expenses incurred by a child born to this couple may by so doing become An Associate Parent with rights and privileges to be definitely agreed upon. Those interested may call Sunday afternoon between two and five. Miss Jill, III A street. JlLL: You read it correctly. [331] Jill’s Way Clerk: Well, I’ll be . . . Do you—are you really going to insert this ad in the paper? JlLL: (with great dignity, but blushing furiously) I am. How much will it cost, please? SCENE THREE Jill's small boarding house bedroom. Sunday afternoon. JlLL is eagerly scanning the pages of a notebook. Her cheeks are flame-colored with excitement. A knock at the door. She opens it. A crotchety OLD GENTLEMAN enters, a folded newspaper in his hand. JlLL: Come in, sir. OLD GENTLEMAN: (severely, but very eagerly) Young lady, is this a joke? JlLL: Oh no, sir. Does it sound like one? Old Gentleman : Everything sounds like one in this day and age. Now—you’re quite certain this isn’t a joke, young lady? Jill: Quite sure. Old Gentleman : And it’s not a swindle game to get money? Jill: Gracious, no. No Associate Parent will be expected to pay anything until his or her baby arrives, and even then only what he or she is able to pay. I’m pretty sure I can raise a child on a little, or on a lot. The only point is to have —something. OLD GENTLEMAN: (wiping his brow as if in relief) I dreaded coming here—hated to make a fool of myself, if it was a joke. JlLL: There have been ten people here already and most of them thought it was. Old Gentleman: (terribly excited) Ten people here already! Ten! Why—why I simply can't be eleventh! I— I’m getting on in years. I simply cant be eleventh! [332] Edna Wahlert McCourt Jill: I’m not going to select Associate Parents in order of their application. (Primly) I’m going to select the ones I think most fit. OLD GENTLEMAN : (pleadingly, but trying to be diplomatic, too) My dear young lady, allow me to give you my card. I assure you I am a bachelor of—of means, my dear—of means and position. This—this associate parentage means a great deal to me. I will do anything you ask to prove my fitness. Why hasn’t someone thought of this sooner, I wonder? It—it is just what I want to be—an associate parent. Yes, yes . . . And I, I want boys, my dear,—twins,—round, chunky little fellows with twinkling eyes. It—they will mean a great deal to me. JlLL: (putting his card carefully away) I’m sure they will. And, really, I want to make as many people happy as I can! And pretty nearly anybody would be happy loving and helping raise a baby. Don’t you think so? You are really the sort of person I had in mind when I advertised. I’m sure I’d like you for an ASSOCIATE PARENT, sir. (A knock. JlLL opens the door, and a tailor-made looking WOMAN enters. She and the old gentleman take each other in, jealously.) Old Gentleman: (very unctiously) I must be going, Miss Jill. I fear I have already taken too much of your time. I trust I shall hear from you very soon, my dear; and may I ask the privilege of calling again and discussing this matter further? JlLL: I’ll be awfully glad to see you, any time. (He goes out.) The WOMAN: Am I too late? Have many applied? JlLL: You are the twelfth. The Woman : I wish—Say, can’t you shove me in first? When I read this ad—do you know, I said right away—That’s me. No doubt about it. You see, I’m a business woman. [333] Jill’s Way Never wanted to marry and have a family, you know. But now, well, times change, by the time you’re forty. Of course, I can’t adopt a child . . . but I can’t tell you how much I’d love to be connected with one. "Mamma Sally" I want her to call me. And—say—could I keep her over Sundays, sometimes? Jill: Of course! The Woman: I’d like her to be awfully pretty, with kinky yellow curls, and I’ll get all her dresses. But (a little worried) I don’t want her to be flip, or sassy. JlLL: She won’t be if we bring her up right. The WOMAN: (eagerly) I get a good salary. And I’ll take out life insurance for her! (A knock. JlLL opens the door, and a beautifully gowned LADY enters.) The Lady: Am I intruding? Jill: Oh, no. The Woman : I must be going. JlLL: Write your name and address here, please. The WOMAN: (writing in the notebook) This address will always reach me. But I will see you again. Good bye. Jill: Good bye. (The Woman goes off.) The Lady : I am so interested, so very much interested in this advertisement. My husband doesn’t care for children, and he doesn’t want me to adopt any, either. Oh, I can’t tell you how much I will love to be an associate mother! This is my card. Will you consider me? I have means. I will give the best of myself and my energies to him. I’d like him to be a manly little chap with brave eyes. I’m sure—Oh, I’m very sure he would love me, too! (A brief, brisk knock on the door, and JACK bursts in.) JACK: What is it all about, Honey? Keeping me away till five o’clock on the only day we can be together! And Mrs. Brown says you’ve had a stream of callers. What is it all [334] Edna Wahlert McCourt about! Oh, (seeing the Lady), I beg your pardon. JlLL: (to the Lady, taking Jack's hand a little shyly) This is—this is the man I am going to marry. The Lady : (smiles a little tremulously at them) I am very glad to have met both of you. But I mustn’t keep you any longer, though I will call on you some other time, if I may. JlLL: Of course! (The Lady goes out.) Jack: What is it all about! JlLL: (throwing her arms about his neck) What is it about! About our marriage, of course! Oh, I never even dreamed my scheme would turn out so wonderfully! I’m not even going to show up at the store tomorrow. I’m going out to rent the little cottage in the morning—we’ll get the license during your lunch hour—and at six o’clock we’ll be married. Jack: What is it all about, Jill? JlLL: Sit down, Stupid, and . . . (She tells him all about it.) [335] The Escape By J. D. Beresford i. ALBERT HIGGS was beleaguered by all the circumstances of his life. He even found a word for his condition. "I’m beset," he thought, as he travelled home in a third-class compartment of the North London Railway, six a-side. The discovery brought him a momentary relief. Since four o’clock in the afternoon, more than two hours before he had left the office, he had been increasingly harassed by the necessity to find some word for his condition. The trouble and strain of it came between him and his work. As he almost automatically copied figures into the ledger, some part of his mind had been wearily, perpetually engaged in a hopeless struggle to find this world. He had visualized it quite distinctly as an enormously active beetle that traversed complicated figures with a horrid vivacity. If only he could have held it still, for one moment. . . . And, now, he had it. It was no longer a beetle,—although the resemblance was quite obvious,—but a plain line of black sans-serif capitals BESET. He knew that he was in for another attack of influenza. That knowledge was the latest ally to join the beleaguering forces. Some men in Albert Higgs’ position might have raised the siege, have laid down their arms and weakly submitted to the inevitable. Higgs was not that sort of man. He meant to flap impotent hands in the face of Fate until he was too weak to lift his arms; after that he would put his tongue out. [336] J. D. Beresford For ten years he had been braced to the struggle and resistance had become a habit with him. Nothing had ever gone right. He was the most conscientious worker in the office, but other clerks had been promoted over his head. The manager was always finding fault with him for being so slow. Perhaps he was slow. He liked to be absolutely certain about every detail connected with his work. Then he was the only tenant in Golden Oak Road who appeared to have trouble with his landlord. He liked a house to be sound; and he was at considerable pains to see that defects did not go too far before they were remedied. He often wished that he had never taken No. 69. It was without doubt the worst house in the road; and an altogether disproportionate amount of his spare time was occupied in looking after it. Worst of all, his marriage could hardly be counted a success. Emily was a good wife in many ways, but she was so abominably careless about vital details. She could not realize the importance of method and accuracy either in housework or cooking. He was always being forced to remonstrate with her, but she never improved. And all these worries seemed to be steadily accumulating. He never had a moment, now, that was not filled by the necessity to counter some new difficulty. He was in no way daunted; he had no intention of relaxing his immense fight with adverse circumstances for a single instant, but he felt that it was very hard that he of all men should have been thus singled out for perpetual persecution. . . . "I’ve got a temperature," he announced as his wife came out of the kitchen to meet him. "Then you’d better get off to bed at once," she said with her usual disregard of the practicalities. "How can I get off to bed?" he asked, patiently. "You know there’s that pipe in the kitchen to be seen to; and the loose board in the spare bedroom; and I’m going round to [337] The Escape catch the landlord if I can. Being a Jew, he’s sure to be in on a Friday night." "Oh! them things can wait," Emily said. "You’d let the house fall down if you had your way," he replied without temper. "No fear of that yet awhile," she said with a laugh. "Now you get off to your bed and I’ll make you some nice hot gruel." "I’ve got them things to see to first," replied Albert Higgs. But even as he was struggling to investigate an imaginary leakage in the waste-pipe of the kitchen sink, his influenza that had seemed so much better as he was on his way home began to attack him again. He had forgotten his splendid key-word, and there was the beetle come back, gyrating in the flicker of the candle-end he was holding. His wife found him squatting on the floor. She took the candle-end from him and helped him to his feet. She was cheerful but very determined. "Now, my lord, you come along with me," she said, "or I’ll be having you on me hands next." He did not resist her, then. He was intent on renaming the beetle, and everything else had temporarily lost importance. But when he had eaten the hot gruel his wife brought him, he remembered the word. "I’m beset, Emily," he said. "You won’t be in the morning," she replied foolishly. "You have a good sleep and you’ll be right as rain by tomorrow." He shook his head. "I’ve always been beset," he said. "It’ll wear off," she said; and left him before he could find a suitable reply. For a time he tried against his will to turn "beset" into "bested," but some letter evaded him, and then "bedstead" presented itself as a still more worrying alternative. "It’s no good lying here," said Albert Higgs aloud to the spaces of the room. "I’d better get up and see to that sink; it’s got to be done some time." [338] J. D. Beresford 2. He got up at once, but his feet would not touch the floor. At first this intriguing phenomenon was decidedly exasperating, but little by little a great calm settled upon him. He found that he was suspended over the bed regarding the image of a man who lay on his back and stared fixedly up at the ceiling. He was not an attractive person, this interloper who had settled himself into Albert Higgs’ bed. He had a look of bigoted obstinacy, as if he had set himself some perfectly futile task and meant to go through with it no matter who suffered in the performance. He was a small, rather weedy man, Higgs noticed, with high cheek bones and a narrow forehead; he was getting bald, too, and had a little scrubby moustache. Higgs found him almost repulsive, and moved up a few yards to get away from him. From his new position, he could see the whole of number 69, Golden Oak Road; not only the front of the house but the four walls, the roof and the interior of every room; one comprehensible fragment of building. The sight of it, thus separated and complete, interested him for a time. He saw that it was ugly and badly built, that it could not hold together for many years; but even as he fiercely criticized it, the house became fused with all the other houses in the road; and he saw the long line of them as an indivisible whole. They were all alike, all equally ugly and with the same defects; and little figures moved about them, some satisfied and careless, others anxiously attempting useless repairs. Then his sight of the road became merged into a vision of the district of Gospel Oak, which lay below him in strong relief as if he saw it from a high roof. He could look down into the channels of the streets, picked out from the general gloom by the regular points of their little rows of lamps. And thousands of tiny figures swarmed in the streets and in the houses, all apparently precisely alike, moving hither and [339] The Escape thither, tracing some indefinable pattern on a background, which continually increased in area so that the black spaces of Hampstead Heath were becoming included in his vision and the glare of Camden Town High Street. . . . Presently he was able to locate Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus, the outlined, threaded darkness of the Parks, and the wide curves of the river; but the great spread of London was rapidly falling to a mere discoloration on a shallow saucer tipped by the hills of Buckinghamshire and Surrey. . . . And the saucer was losing its concavity as it steadily grew in extent, slowly flattening, even reversing itself so that it was faintly convex. Round the edges of it a paler darkness crept, indenting the blackness of the land, outlining a section of the irregular but curiously familiar shape of the map of England. The wedge-shaped strip of the English Channel swam up until a silhouette of the French Coast pushed into the horizon; the German Ocean encroached and spread to the right; Scotland and Ireland curved down in the vague distance, dwindling before the invasion of the Atlantic. The panorama filled the field of vision like a dark sky that was turning itself slowly inside out, becoming continually more convex as it receded. And in the East a white full moon rose over Europe and the edge of the sun showed a brilliant scimitar on the verge of the Atlantic. . . . The immense convexity of the earth was flattening again, and the vast bulk of it no longer filled the universe. The sun and moon seemed to be drawing apart, and the moon was no longer full; an irregular clipping had gone from its upper edge as if a piece of it had been jagged away by Titanic pliers. The earth, itself, was in its last quarter, a gigantic crescent stretching across two-thirds of the arc of the heavens; the faintly moonlit mass of it showing as a gloomy circle against the blackness of space, pierced now by innumerable points of [340] J. D. Beresford light, the steady brilliance of infinitesimal stars. But as it fell into the depths of space, the Earth waned. The sun that had so miraculously risen was eclipsed behind its western edge ; and the moon grown to the apparent size of its primary was rushing up to obscure in turn the whole width of the heavens. For a time it loomed as an enormous sphere, shutting out all sight of earth and stars, and then it, too, dwindled, became a void circle among the constellations of the Milky Way, and so vanished into the abyss. . . . The sun shone one brighter point among the myriads that enclosed the spirit of Albert Higgs. 3. "Well, you have had a sleep," said the voice of Mrs. Higgs. "I tried to wake you up an hour ago, but you was so heavy I thought I better let you lie. Do you know what the time is? It’s past eight. And you’ll be late at the office unless you’d like me to send a telegram to say you’re ill." Higgs stared at her. He felt curiously peaceful and still. The morning sunlight lay across the foot of his bed. "I’m only just awake," he remarked. "Well, I can see that for myself," said his wife. "Only as you’re so particular about little things perhaps you’ll just tell me whether you mean to go to the office today or not." "It isn’t of the least consequence," replied Albert Higgs. [341] The Wave By Louis Untermeyer THERE was the sea again! The laughing sea, Breathing its fresh and salty invitation; Clapping its great, green hands and calling me To pit my strength against its energy And match its vigor with my own elation. Impatiently it drummed upon the shore And, having yearned for it a year or more, I whipped the clothing from my eager body; Flinging aside my threadbare thoughts, the shoddy Fears and lethargic fancies of a day Heavy with subterfuge and the decay Of sophistries that only cheat themselves. I heard the tide come racing down the sands, Pounding a summons on the rocky shelves; A savage welcome in its vehement roar. I sprang out on the beach and slammed the door As though to keep the humid world shut in. I felt the salt winds sniffing at my skin, The white-caps beckoning me with gay commands; And, pulled along by unseen, rescuing hands, I sprang into the water, once more free. . . Something had snapped the harsh, invisible bands— It was the sea again, the laughing sea! Out past the life-lines where the sea grew calm I floated, dreaming, on a watery breast, Of wonder with its secret unexpressed, [342] Louis Untermeyer And beauty singing its unwritten psalm . . . Its healing bathed me with the balm Of rest. I dreamed—and then, shocked from my languid mood, I heard new rumblings threaten and increase. This deadening quiet was a false release; The clouds became an evil, black-winged brood . . . I must escape this torpitude Of peace. I struck out swiftly toward the land, Hand over hand; Scooping at wastes of sea that flowed Out of my reach, Missing the silver line that showed The beach. I turned face-downward as I tried A shorter stroke; The breakers flung me on my side And broke Over me while the spume was churned . . . The tide had turned! Desperate now, I threshed my arms about In a sharp trudgeon till a burning pain Ran through my ankles that kept plunging out. Harder I kicked, and slower; but in vain— The tide kept pulling, and I made no gain. The beach was empty and my smothered shout Fell on the thunders with no greater stir Than leaves on warring waters. And the rain Came with a mocking gentleness, a purr Of protest at my struggles. Doubly dear [343] The Wave Though life was then, the fervor of it passed; The leaping radiance ebbed, and even fear No longer struck with its insistent spur. This frantic burst of power could not last. I felt my body slipping—slipping—and A giant roller started toward the land, Sweeping the ocean with it as it came And seized me with a swift and iron hand. I floundered in a world of cold, green flame And drank its icy hatred; heard my name Under the thunder. I was ground and tossed In some malignant mill-race; light was lost— All I could see were hands, dark hands ; a score Of whirling tentacles that lifted, tore And pulled me down again . . . and down . . . and down I thought, is this the way that swimmers drown? Some one was lifting me; some others bore My limping body up the reeling shore And voices coming out of nowhere cried "That’s what a fellow gets for being brave ..." "The trouble is, that there’s a tricky tide ..." "Old man, you had a pretty durn close shave ..." And how it happened I can never see. All I remember is a thundering wave That came and caught me in security And, in a breath, Despairing of a softer remedy, Forced me through war and death To rescue me. Stinging my soft complacence into strife; Sweeping me out of languor back to life. [344]   The Seven Selves (From "The Madman"—a Drama.) By Kahlil Gibran IN the stillest hour of the night, as I lay half-asleep, my seven selves sat together and thus conversed in whispers : FIRST Self: Here, in this madman, have I dwelt all these years, with naught to do but renew his pain by day and recreate his sorrow by night. I can bear my fate no longer, and now I rebel. Second Self: Yours is a better lot than mine, Brother. For it is given to me to be this madman’s joyous self. I laugh his laughter and sing his happy hours, and with thrice-winged feet I dance his brighter thoughts. It is I that would rebel against my weary existence. Third Self: And what of me, the love-ridden self, the flaming brand of wild passion and fantastic desires? It is I, the love-ridden self, who would rebel against this madman. FOURTH Self: I, amongst you all, am the most miserable, for naught was given me but odious hatred and destructive loathing. It is I, the tempest-like self, the one born in the black caves of Hell, who would protest against serving this madman. Fifth Self: Nay, it is I, the thinking self, the fanciful self, the self of hunger and thirst, the one doomed to wander without rest in search of unknown things and things not yet created; it is I, not you, who would rebel. SIXTH Self: And I, the working self, the pitiful laborer, [345] The Seven Selves who, with patient hands, and longing eyes, fashion the days into images and give the formless elements new and eternal forms—it is I, the solitary one, who would rebel against this restless madman. Seventh Self: Oh, how strange, how strange that you all should rebel against this man, because each and every one of you has a preordained fate to fulfil. Ah! could I but be like one of you, a self with a determined lot! But I have none, I am the do-nothing self, who sits in the dumb, empty nowhere and nowhen, while you are busy re-creating life. Is it you or I, neighbors, who should rebel? When the Seventh Self thus spake the other six selves looked with pity upon him but said nothing more; and as the night grew deeper one after the other went to sleep, enfolded with a new and happy submission. But the Seventh Self remained watching and gazing at nothingness, which is behind all things. [346] A Way Out By Robert Frost SCENE: A bachelors kitchen bedroom in a farmhouse with a table spread for supper. Someone rattles the door-latch from outside. Asa Gorrill, in loose slippers, shuffles directly to the door and unbolts it. A stranger opens the door for himself and walks in. STRANGER (After a survey) Huh! So this is what it’s like. Seems to me you lock up early. What you afraid of? ASA (In a piping drawl) ’Fraid of nothing, because I ain’t got nothing—nothing’t anybody wants. STRANGER I want some of your supper. ASA Have it and welcome if it tempts your appetite. You see what it is. STRANGER (After looking) What is it? ASA Well, it’s some scrapings of potatoes and string beans from other meals I was warming over. They’ve got kind of mixed together. [347] A Way Out STRANGER Should think so. What else you got in the house? What you got in here? ASA That door’s closed with nails. You can’t get in there. This is all the room I live in. Here’s the cupboard, if you’re looking for it. It’s bare. STRANGER (He knocks over a chair as he goes about) Got any bread? ASA (Trembling) I don’t know what you mean by coming into a person’s house as if you owned it. I never was subject to anything like it. If I had some bread, you don’t go the right way about to get any. STRANGER Cut that. I’m here for business. You’re supposed to be poor then? ASA (With dignity) I am poor. STRANGER Sure there’s nothing hidden in the mattress—or in that nailed-up room? Oh, I haven’t come to kill you for it. I shan’t kill you anyway till I have something to go on. You needn’t be scared till you’re hurt. I only meant your being poor was part of the job if anybody was going to undertake it. ASA See here, it’s time you told me what your business is in my house or go out. I don’t understand a word you say. I ain’t been subject to anything like it all these years since Orin died. [348] Robert Frost STRANGER Aw, don’t whine to me about it. I’ve heard of you and your brother keeping old-maid’s hall over here in this neck of the woods, patching each other’s trousers and doing up each other’s back hair. Look ahere, old boy, I ain’t going to be a mite harder on you than I have to be for my own good. I was passing this way and in trouble and I just thought I’d look in on you and look you over as a possible way out. ASA As to that I don’t know. I don’t know what I might or mightn’t do to help a person that didn’t come at me wrong and spoke me civil. I think you can’t pass this way very often—who does for the matter of that? I don’t remember of ever seeing you before. You know me though? STRANGER Better than you know me. I only just came to the shoe-shop down at the Falls last winter. But I’ve heard of you times enough. As a matter of fact I wasn’t exactly passing: your reputation brought me somewhat off my road. You popped into my head like an idea. ASA I’m going to give you some tea before it gets cold and have some myself to steady me. Another time see to it you make a civiler beginning with anybody you’re expecting favors of . . . You take it without milk? Brother and I ain’t had no cow since the barn burned down in ’98. Brother Orin died the year after that. STRANGER For God’s sake what do you live on—nothing but potato mash? ASA There again! Criticising! I don’t see what there is in that [349] A Way Out to make you take it the way you do. Where does it pinch you? Shall I give you some? STRANGER (Pausing as he walks back and forth in perplexity) Mash! Don’t. Is it pretty generally known you live on potato mash? ASA Generally known— STRANGER I mean, would it excite suspicion if you gave it up and took to eating mince pie, damn it? ASA Excite— STRANGER Do you ever have bread? ASA When I bake, when I happen to have flour in the house. STRANGER Where do you get money to buy flour? ASA I sell eggs. STRANGER Oh, eggs are at the bottom of it. Nothing unless eggs. God, it’s worse than I thought, worse than I bargained for after twenty dollars a week and nobody to take care of but myself. But there’s one thing I noticed there: you do go into the village shopping now and then when the hens are laying— when there are eggs. It’s not just as if you never bought a thing, nor spoke to a soul. ASA You ain’t pitying me, be you, mister? [350] Robert Frost STRANGER Pitying you! No, I’m pitying myself. You like it all and I shan’t. Sit down and let me tell you. I can see you haven’t heard. As you see me here, I’m—well I’m in no position to waste pity on anybody else, or think of anybody else and I’m not going to. You can bank on that. I’m running away from a murder I’m accused of having committed. (Asa drops his face into his hands on the table and groans) STRANGER And I’ve turned in here to you for help. ASA Oh, I can’t have anything to do with this. I never have had no trouble and I ain’t a-going to begin now. I’m a peaceable man. STRANGER I wasn’t intending to give you much choice in the business. ASA Oh, but you won’t drag me into your crime. After all I’ve done to keep out of things! STRANGER It just shows you— ASA You want me to hide you here. Think of it! STRANGER I haven’t quite decided what I want you to do yet. All is, I’ve done the deed, they’re out after me, I’ve been zigzagging ’cross country (not daring to use the trains) for three days and now I’ve hit on you as my only salvation. And I’m going to use you one way or another; so you might as well pick your head up off the table and be a man about it—not a wet dish-rag. The cuss of it is I was seen at least once today, walked [351] A Way Out right out of the woods onto a team full of women and hadn’t sense enough to keep to the road as if nothing was up, but dodged back into the woods where I came from. That’ll tell ’em I haven’t got far off. I’ve got to think quick, but not too quick. No use losing my head. ASA I don’t see that there’s so very much to think of except a hiding place. I’ll hide you for tonight. If I must, I must. STRANGER Yes, you must, old boy, or I might kill you. It wouldn’t amount to another crime to kill a half man like you. Throw you in extra and call it one crime. Does anyone know for certain you’re not a woman in man’s clothing anyway? . . . But it’s not so simple. Tonight’s not all I have to consider. There’s other nights coming. Where will I be tomorrow night and the night after that? I’ll leave it to you if it’s not a puzzler. ASA Just as fur as you can get from here, I should think. STRANGER I don’t know that you know, but it’s the fashion now-a-days to hide just as near the scene of the crime as you can stay. ASA Oh, dear, you don’t mean you’re thinking of fastening onto me for good and living the rest of your nat’ral life in any concealment I can give you. STRANGER Maybe, maybe. I’m out of a good job in the cutting room, anyway. I can’t go back there, can I? I’m willing to let you advise me up to any reasonable point. I was thinking how it would be to be you if worst came to worst as it may yet. We [352] Robert Frost might agree to be you turn and turn about, one of us lying up in hiding while the other was out stretching his legs and satisfying the hanker to see folks. The danger there, is that there would be always an extra one around to be discovered. And there are a lot of dangers. It would never do. I should have to trust you too much not to give me away. And we might quarrel as to who had the lion’s share of the time out. And then appearing in turn might be almost as risky as side by side. People might be led to see differences that they could only explain on the assumption that you were two instead of one. ASA If you’re expecting followers, the less noise we make talking the better. What’s to hender their being all round the house now and looking in the window? That curtain’s no more than a piece of cotton sheet. You can see right through it when the balance of light is on this side from the fire. (He tucks the sheet in at the edges and corners.) But say, it comes to me if you could tell me you didn’t do this murder—then I shouldn’t be doing anything wrong. STRANGER I did it fast enough. ASA How—how—how—. Don’t tell me though. I’d best not hear. Do you mean by the cutting room the place where you done it? STRANGER Queer codger, aren’t you? ASA Guess I am. STRANGER Say, I’ve been getting it through my head you must have been the one meant by that hermit article in one of the Boston [353] A Way Out papers here awhile back—before I came to the Falls. Recollect anyone’s calling on you with a pencil and a piece of paper held out in front of him so-fashion? Or did he write you up from a safe distance the way Whoses did the North Pole? Great talk he put in your mouth about hermiting—if you were the one. Let’s see, what did he say was the matter with you?—crossed in love? ASA You’ve heard that, most like. STRANGER I’ve heard something. ASA No it was Orin that was crossed in love in a manner of speaking. He was promised to a gal who kept him waiting more than fifteen years and then married someone else because she wouldn’t come to live in this house till he divided the property with me or bought me out and got rid of me. Orin stood by me; so I stood by him. STRANGER You haven’t got any real prejudices in favor of this way of living then? I mean you didn’t take it up as a man goes into the Methodist Church in preference to the Baptist or the Orthodox? ASA Dunno’s I did. STRANGER What I’m trying to get at is how you look at things—if you look at them. ASA As f’r instance? STRANGER Well what do you say about women when they come up in conversation? Supposed to hate ’em? [354] Robert Frost ASA I so seldom have occasion to speak of ’em. STRANGER Then what do you do when you see ’em? Run? Same as I did today from that carriage-load of ’em. ASA Don’t know’s I run exactly. I’d a leetle rather not meet ’em face to face. STRANGER All right, we’ve got that then. Think the world’s a bad place and all that nonsense? ASA Sholy it ain’t any better’n it ought to be, what with all the killing and the murdering and the whatnot. Now is it? Come. STRANGER I was reading where a man living on a farm back like this had a queer religion about inhaling from your own shoes when you took them off to go to bed so’s to get back the strength lost by settling in the daytime. And there was something about not having the cow calf when the sun was "in his legs." "Awlmanick" expression—"in his legs." Ain’t that right? You see I’m up on some of this already. There were three cities the man could see throwing light on the sky at night, which, being a God-fearing man, he called "the cities of the plain." According to him they kept getting brighter and brighter attempting like to turn night into day in the face of nature. You could judge how the Lord took it from the way the thunder storms kept increasing in number and destructiveness owing to the attraction of the electricity and the wiring. Stood to reason. Anyway the old man expected nothing but [355] A Way Out that some night the Lord would fetch up a storm that would wipe out those cities in a blue blaze. ASA Wasn’t it awful! STRANGER It hasn’t happened yet. I suppose you’ve a notion or two like that. But you wouldn’t know it if you had. ASA I don’t hold with no such doctrine as that of inhaling from your own shoes, certain. STRANGER Ever been heard to say you like the innocent woods and fields and flowers like a poem in print? ASA Dunno’s I have. STRANGER I guess it’s just a case of plain damn fool; which ought not to be hard to give an imitation of. I supposed people that lived alone had to have something to say for themselves. But that’s what comes of my being all bothered up with literary reading. You haven’t got ideas enough to make a hermit’s life interesting. And the reporter lied when he said you had. I’ll bet he never came nearer than five miles of you. Afraid you’d spoil the story if he came too near. But what gets me is what you say to people in self-defense, the ministers for instance, when they tell you you’ve no right to keep yourself to yourself the way you do. How do you fend ’em off? ASA It’s so long since I was bothered by anybody I’ve most forgotten. STRANGER I bet you have. [356] Robert Frost ASA Orin knew how to send ’em about their business. STRANGER Orin by the side of you must have been someone ... I guess if I can get the outside appearances right—Oh, one thing more: Neighbor with anyone? ASA No, as you may say, no. STRANGER Write any letters?—And your handwriting! I’ll be sure to forget something in all this rush. Got a pencil? Here’s a stub. On that paste-board box cover. Anywhere. Just your name. Write it two or three times—will you?—as long as it don’t cost any more. What—what’s that? Asie Gorrill. So it was: seems to me I remember it was Asie. (After a considering pause, he goes to the window, draws aside the curtain and looks out.) Those your pine woods? ASA It ain’t right, mister, examining into me further and further. You ain’t got time to plague me so—not if you’re going to save your own skin—not if you’re what you are by your own telling. STRANGER Never you mind me. You’re rich, you old skivins. You own all that timber, and you wont touch it. Pretending to be poor! You’re just as two-faced as the next man. I knew I could get something against you to work me up if I tried hard enough. Who are you saving the woods for? Any heirs? Me? ASA What does that mean? [357] A Way Out STRANGER It means I ought to kill you and skip the country with it under my arm. ASA I shouldn’t think you’d feel (he gulps aloud) as much like joking as you appear to. Hee, hee. STRANGER Asie, I believe you’re a bad lot and entitled to no more consideration than any other grown-up man. . . . About my age, though. About my build. All I’d have to do is cave in a little, slump—let my mouth and eyes hang open. Say, push the table back and walk up and down the way you’ve seen me doing. Them’s orders. I’m not inviting you. Do it! . . . I’ll thank you for what you have on your feet—slippers is it? How do I know they aren’t some I made? Make you a present of my shoes. ASA Oh, I shan’t need ’em. I mostly go barefoot anyway. I only slipped these on to haul wood. STRANGER Oh, wood. How do you haul wood? Wheelbarrow? ASA No, I drag it in, in poles two at a time, one under each arm. I take what’s died standing— STRANGER (Going to a bed-post) What’s all this? Extra togs? Jumper? (Comparing it with what Asa has on.) Overalls? (Comparing.) Watch me! (Putting on jumper and overalls.) Light a light, why don’t you? ASA Oh, I don’t allow myself no lamp! I’ll throw the stove [358] Robert Frost door open. I can put on some more wood. It’s about my bed-time anyway. STRANGER I’m putting you to bed tonight. I’m going to let you stay up later than usual on account of company. Now watch me. (He takes a turn up and down the room. Asa stumbles getting out of his way.) No trouble about the thin voice. (He speaks more or less in Asa's piping drawl from here on.) Now I want you should let me show you something that’ll amuse and maybe bother you. I’m going to mix us up like your potato and stringbeans, and then see if even you can tell us apart. The way I propose to do is to take both your hands like this and then whirl round and round with you till we’re both so dizzy we’ll fall down when we let go. Don’t you resist or holler! I ain’t agoing to hurt ye—yet. Only I’ve got to get up some sort of excitement to make it easier for both of us. And then when we’re down, I want you should wait till you can see straight before you speak and try to tell which is which and which is t’other. Wait some time. ASA Let go of me. I know what you be; you’re a crazy man from a madhouse. STRANGER You’d best humor me then. (He lifts Asa's hands still higher and stands looking at him. The fire burns brighter and lights them unevenly.) Old boy! ASA What is it? STRANGER I’m thinking— ASA What? [359] A Way Out STRANGER Old boy, are you happy? ASA Oh! STRANGER Are you happy? Have you anything to live for? Lord, didn’t you ever ask yourself a question like that—with so much time on your hands? I ought not to expect it of you. It will take me to do this thing right when I come into office. Oh, well. ASA (Looking wildly behind him toward the door) I wouldn’t have believed it. STRANGER What was I telling you! It just shows that if you won’t go to life, why life will come to you. I should think a man in your position would have to think such thoughts. I know I should. And you would if you’d ever read so much as a Sunday paper to set you going on them. But I mustn’t be any longer with you. Come! One, two, three, swing! Swing, damn you! Don’t hold back. Faster! . . . Faster! (Asa moans as he circles. The Stranger moans too. The slippers fly off his feet. After some time they break apart and go to the floor where they lie both moaning.) FIRST TO SPEAK I know. I ain’t lost track. It’s you that done the crime! SECOND (Screaming.) It’s not! (He half rises and falls back.) FIRST It is! And I’m not afraid of you any more. You’ve got to [360] Robert Frost go. God will give me strength to wrastle with a rascal. (The Second snarls, throws himself backward, and faints. The First strikes him a blow with his fist on the head and drags him across the floor and out of the house. The room is left empty for some time. . . . (A loud knock. Another. The door is thrown open. Heads appear in the doorway.) A VOICE Gone to bed, Asie? His fire’s lit. He can’t be far off. Here he is now. (The Hermit pushes in past them breathless and faces them from the table.) We’re after a man, Asie. You haven’t seen him? ASA Ain’t I though? He’s been and gone. A VOICE How long since? Which way? ASA Not five minutes. Through the woods. He was dragging me off to kill when he heard you coming and run. I was going to follow, but I gave it up and came back. What’s he been up to? A VOICE You’re no good, Asie. ANOTHER VOICE What had you done to him to get him against you? ASA You’d better hurry. (He beats the table with his fist.) A VOICE Someone had better be not too far off so as to take care of Asie. [361] A Way Out ( They confer, gradually closing the door. The minute they are gone, the Hermit snatches the socks off his feet and throws them into the fire. He picks up the pair of shoes on the floor and sends them the same way. He bolts the door softly. He stands listening.) SOMEONE (Later, as if repassing, sings out) : Good-night, Asie! THE HERMIT (Getting into bed so as to answer with his face in the pillow.) Good-night. Curtain. Dramatic rights reserved by the author. [362] Life, Art and America By Theodore Dreiser I Do not pretend to speak with any historic or sociologie knowledge of the sources of the American ethical, and therefore critical, point of view, though I suspect the origin, but I, personally, am at last convinced that, whatever its source or sense, it does not accord with the facts of life as I have noted or experienced them. To me, the average or somewhat standardized American is an odd, irregularly developed soul, wise and even froward in matters of mechanics, organizations, and anything that relates to technical skill in connection with material things, but absolutely devoid of any true spiritual insight, any correct knowledge of the history of literature or art, and confused by and mentally lost in or overcome by the multiplicity of the purely material and inarticulate details by which he finds himself surrounded. As a boy in the small towns, in which I, at least, was raised, I personally had no slightest opportunity to get a correct or even partially correct estimate of what might be called the mental A B abs of life. I knew nothing of history, and there was not a book in any of the schools which I attended labeled either history, or science, or art, called to my attention, which contained the least suggestion of the rationale which I subsequently came to feel to be relatively true, or at least acceptable to me. If I remember correctly, in the history of the world which was labeled Swinton’s, the defeat of Napoleon, not his career, was pointed out as having had a great moral, if not Christian, [363] Life, Art and America value to the world. His end on St. Helena (not the code Napoleon, or the hieratic and ultra economic arrangement of his material forces) was supposed to have achieved something for society I Similarly Socrates and his death were descanted on as having almost a religious, if not a Christian import. His death was painted as having been brought about by his higher moral views—not his private deeds! The true significance of the man as illustrated by the exact details of his life were utterly ignored. I could go on by the hour, the day, the week. Personally, because my father was a Catholic, and I was baptized in that faith, I was supposed to accept all the dogma, as well as the legends of the Church, as true. In the life around me I saw flourishing the Methodist, the Baptist, the United Brethren, the Christian, the Congregationalist, the what-not churches, each one representing, according to its adherents, the exact historic and truthful development and interpretation of life or the world. As a fourteen or fifteen year old boy, I listened to sermons on hell, where it was, and what was the nature of its torments. As rewards for imaginary good behavior I have been given colored picture cards containing exact reproductions of heaven! Every newspaper that I have ever read, or still can find to read, has had an exact code of morals, by the light of which one might detect at once both Mr. Bad Man and Mr. Good Man, and so save one’s self from the machinations of the former! The books which I was advised to read, and for the neglect of which I was frowned upon, were of that naive character known as pure. One should read only good books—which meant, of course, books from which any reference to sex had been eliminated and what followed as a natural consequence was that all intelligent interpretation of character and human nature was immediately discounted. A picture of a nude or partially nude woman was sinful. A statue equally so. The dance in our home and our town [364] Theodore Dreiser was taboo. The theater was an institution which led to crime. The saloon a center of low, even bestial, vices. The existence of such a thing as an erring or fallen woman, let alone a house of prostitution, was a crime, hardly a fact to be considered. There were forms and social appearances which we were taught to wear, quite as one wears a suit of clothes. One had to go to church on Sunday whether one wanted to or not. It was considered good business, if you please, to be connected with some religious organization, and, by the same token, this commercialized religiosity was transmuted into a glistening virtue! A young man who went to church for that reason was not a low mountebank or shameless interloper, but an individual of moral worth! We were taught persistently to shun most human experiences as either dangerous or degrading or destructive. The less you knew about life the better. The more you knew about the fictional heaven and hell, the same. People walked in a form of sanctified maze or dream, hypnotized or self-hypnotized by an erratic and impossible theory of human conduct, which had grown up heaven knows where or how, and had finally cast it amethystine spell over all America, if not over all the world. Now, I have no particular quarrel with this, save that it is so impossible, so inane. In my day there were no really bad men who were not practically known as such to all the world, or at least quickly detected, and few, if any, good men who were not sufficiently rewarded by the glorious fruits of their good deeds! Positively, I stake my solemn word on this, until I was between seventeen and eighteen, I had scarcely begun to suspect that any other human being was so low as to harbor the erratic and sinful thoughts which occasionally flashed through my own mind. At that time I was actually beginning to suspect that some of the things which had been laid down to me by one authority and another, and which I have here previously indicated in [365] Life, Art and America a brief way, were not true. All so-called good men were not necessarily good, I was beginning to suspect, and all bad men not hopelessly bad. There were things in cities and towns which, as I was beginning to see, did not accord with the theories of the particular realm from which I sprang, and seemed to indicate another kind of human being, different to the type among which I had been raised. My mother, as I was beginning to suspect—admire her as much as I might— was a mere woman, not an angel ; my father a mere, mere crotchety man. My sisters and brothers were individuals such as I soon began to find were breasting the stormy waters of life outside, and not very different to all other brothers and sisters—not perfect souls set apart from life, and happy in the contemplation of each other’s perfections. In short, I was beginning to find the world a seething, stormy, bitter, gay, rewarding and destroying realm, in which the strong and the subtle and the charming and the magnetic were apt to be victors, and the weak and the homely and the ignorant and the dull were apt to be deprived of any interesting share, not because of any innate depravity but rather because of the lacks by which they were handicapped and which they could not possibly overcome. Furthermore, there were other phases which I had previously scarcely suspected. The race, if you please, was to the swift, and the battle to the strong. All great successes, as I was beginning to discover for myself, were relatively gifts, the teachings of the self-helpers and the virtue mongers to the contrary notwithstanding. Artists, singers, actors, policemen, statesmen, generals, were born, not made. Sunday school maxims, outside of the narrowest precincts, did not apply. People might preach one thing on Sunday or in the bosom of their families or in the meeting places of conventional social groups, but they did not practise them except under compulsion, particularly in the stores and wholesale [366] Theodore Dreiser houses and the marts of trade and exchange. Mark the phrase "under compulsion." I admit a vast compulsion which has nothing to do with the individual desires or tastes or impulses of individuals. That compulsion springs from the settling processes of forces, which we do not in the least understand, over which we have no control, and in whose grip we are as grains of dust or sand, blown hither and thither, for what purpose we cannot even suspect. Politics, as I soon found (working as a newspaper man and otherwise), was a low mess; religion, both as to its principles and its practitioners, a ghastly fiction based on sound and fury, signifying nothing; trade was a seething war in which the less subtle and the less swift or strong went under, while the more subtle succeeded; the professions were largely gathering places of weaklings, mediocrities or mercenaries, to be bought by, or sold to, the highest bidder. The individual, as I found, was trying to do one thing: make himself happy, principally. Life was plainly trying to do another, or at least what it was doing involved no great concern for the welfare of any particular individual. He might live; he might die; he might be well fed; he might be hungry; he might accidentally, or by taking thought, ally himself with successful movements, or he might inherently, by some incapacity or fatality of disposition, involve himself in the drifts toward failure; he might be weak; he might be strong; he might be wise; he might be dull or narrow. Life in the large threshing sense in which we see it to move about us cared no whit for him. Why so many failures? I was constantly asking myself. Why so many stores closed for want of business? So many fires? So many cyclones? So many destroying epidemics? So many failures in health or in trade or by reason of vice or crime? So many, many individuals going down into the limbo of nothingness or failure, so few attaining to that vast and lonesome supremacy which all [367] Life, Art and America were seeking? Why? Why? I persistently asked myself, and I have yet to find the answer in any current code of morals or ethics or the dogma of any religion. However, it is not a picture of my own mental development that I am trying to put forward; rather one of life. My concern is with the mental and critical standards of America as they exist today, and of England, from which they seem to be derived. England—the home of bourgeois art and bourgeois accomplishment. The average American, as I have said before, has such an odd, such a naive conception of what the world is like, what it is that is taking place under his eyes and under the sun. If you should chance to consult a Methodist, a Baptist, a Presbyterian, a Lutheran, or any other current American sectarian, on this subject, you would find (which, after all, is a dull thing to point out at this day and date) that his conception of the things which he sees about him is bounded by what he was taught in his Sunday school or his church, or what he has stored up or gathered from the conventions of his native town. (His native town ! Kind heaven!) And, although the world has stored up endless treasuries of knowledge in regard to itself chemically, sociologically, historically, philosophically—still the millions and millions who tramp the streets and occupy the stores and fill the highways and byways, and the fields, and the tenements of the city, have no faintest knowledge of this, or of anything else that can be said to be intellectually "doing." They live in theories and isms, and under codes dictated by a church or a state or an order of society, which has no least regard for or relationship to their natural mental development. The darkest side of democracy, like that of autocracies, is that it permits the magnetic and the cunning and the unscrupulous among the powerful individuals, to sway vast masses of the mob, not so much to their own immediate destruction as to the curtailment of their natural privi- [368] Theodore Dreiser leges and the ideas which they should be allowed to entertain if they could think at all, and, incidentally, to the annoying and sometimes undoing of individuals who have the truest brain interests of the race at heart—Vide! Giordano Bruno! Jan Huss! Savonarola! Tom Paine! Walt Whitman! Edgar Allan Poe! For, after all, as I have pointed out somewhere, the great business of life and mind is life. We are here, I take it, not merely to moon and vegetate, but to do a little thinking about this state in which we find ourselves. It is perfectly legitimate, all priests and theories and philosophies to the contrary notwithstanding, to go back, in so far as we may, to the primary sources of thought, i. e., the visible scene, the actions and thoughts of people, the movements of nature and its chemical and physical subtleties, in order to draw original and radical conclusions for ourselves. The great business of an individual, if he has any time after struggling for life and a reasonable amount of entertainment or sensory satiation, should be this very thing. A man, if he can, should question the things that he sees—not some things, but everything— stand, as it were, in the center of this whirling storm of contradiction which we know as life, and ask of it its source and its import. Else why a brain at all? If only one could induce a moderate number of individuals, out of all that pass this way and come no more, apparently, to pause and think about life and take an individual point of view, the freedom and the individuality and the interest of the world might, I fancy, be greatly enhanced. We complain of the world as dull, at times. If it is so, lack of thinking by individuals is the reason. But to ask the poor, half-equipped mentality of the mass to think, to be individual—what an anachronism! You might as well ask of a rock to move, or a tree to fly. Nevertheless, here in America, by reason of an idealistic constitution which is largely a work of art and not a workable [369] Life, Art and America system, you see a nation dedicated to so-called intellectual and spiritual freedom, but actually devoted with an almost bee-like industry to the gathering and storing and articulation and organization and use of purely material things. In spite of all our base-drum announcement of our servitude to the intellectual ideals of the world (copied mostly, by the way, from England) no nation has ever contributed less, philosophically or artistically or spiritually, to the actual development of the intellect and the spirit. I shall have more to say concerning this later on. We have invented many things, it is true, which have relieved man from the crushing weight of a too-grinding toil, and this perhaps may be the sole mission of America in the world and the universe, its destiny, its end. Personally, I think it is not a half bad thing to have done, and the submarine and the flying machine and the armored dreadnought, no less than the sewing machine and the cotton gin and the binder and the reaper and the cash register and the trolley car and the telephone, may, in the end, or perhaps already have, proved as significant in breaking the chains of physical and mental slavery of man as anything else. I do not know. One thing I do know is that America seems profoundly interested in these things, to the exclusion of anything else. It has no time, you might almost say, no taste, to stop and contemplate life in the large, from an artistic or a philosophic point of view. Yet, after all, when all the machinery for lessening man’s burdens has been invented, and all the safeguards for his preservation completed and possibly shattered by forces too deep or superior for his cunning, may not a phrase, a line of poetry, or a single act of some half forgotten tragedy be all that is left of what we now see or dream of as materially perfect? For, after all, is it not a thought alone, of many famous and powerful things that have already gone, that alone endures—a thought conveyed by art as a medium? [370] Theodore Dreiser But let me not become too remote or too fine-spun in my conception of the ultimate significance of art itself. The point which I wish to make here is just this: That in a land so devoted to the material, although dedicated by its constitution to the ideal, the condition of art and intellectual freedom is certainly anomalous. Your trade and your trust builder, most obviously dominant in America at this time, is of all people most indifferent to, or most unconscious of, the ultimate and pressing claims of mind and spirit as expressed by art. If you doubt this, you have only to look about you to see for what purposes, to what end, the increment of men of wealth and material power in America is devoted. We have something like twenty-five hundred colleges and schools and institutions of various kinds, largely furthered by the money of American men of wealth, and all devoted to the development of the mental equipment of man, so we are told, yet all set with the most flinty firmness against anything which is related to truly radical investigation, or thought, or action, or art. As a matter of fact, in spite of the American constitution and the American oratorical address of all and sundry occasions, the average American school, college, university, institution, is very much against the development of the individual in the true sense of that word. What it really wants is not an individual, but an automatic copy of some altruistic and impossible ideal, which has been formulated here and in England, under the domination of Christianity. This is literally true. I defy you to read any college or university prospectus or address or plea, which concerns the purposes or the ideals of these institutions, and not agree with me. They are not after individuals, they are after types or schools of individuals, all to be very much alike, all to be like themselves. And what type? Listen. I know of an American college professor in one of our successful state universities who had this to say of the male graduates of his institution, after having watched [370 Life, Art and America the output for a number of years: "They are all right, quite satisfactory as machines for the production of material wealth or for the maintenance of certain forms of professional skill, now very useful to the world, but as for having ideas of their own, being creators or men with the normal impulses and passions of manhood, they do not fulfill the requisite in any respect. They are little more than types, machines, made in the image and likeness of their college. They do not think; they cannot think, because they are bound hard and fast by the iron band of convention. They are moral young beings, Christian beings, model beings, but they are not men in the creative sense, and by far the large majority will never do a single original thing until by chance or necessity the theories and the conventions imposed or generated by their training and their surroundings are broken, and they become free, independent, self thinking individuals." I know of one woman’s college, for instance, an American institution of the very highest standing which, since its inception, has sent forth into life some thousands of graduates and post graduates, to battle life as they may for individual supremacy or sensory comfort. They are, or were, supposed to be individuals, capable of individual thought, procedure, invention, development, yet out of all of them, not one has ever even entered upon any creative or artistic labor of any kind. Not one. (Write me for the name of the college, if you wish.) There is not a chemist, a physiologist, a botanist, a biologist, an historian, a philosopher, an artist, of any kind or repute, among them, not one. No one of them has attained to even passing repute in these fields. They are secretaries to corporations, teachers, missionaries, college librarians, educators in any of the scores of pilfered meanings that may be attached to that much abused word. They are curators, directors, keepers. They are not individuals in the true sense of that word; they have not been taught to think, they are not free. They do not [372] Theodore Dreiser invent, lead, create. They only copy or take care of, yet they are graduates of this college and its theory, mostly ultra conventional or, worse yet, anaemic, and glad to wear its collar, to clank the chains of its ideas or ideals—automatons in a social scheme whose last and final detail was outlined to them in the classrooms of their alma mater. That, to me, is one phase, amusing enough, of intellectual freedom in America. But the above is a mere detail in any chronicle or picture of the social or intellectual state of the United States. No country in the world, at least none that I know anything about, has such a peculiar, such a seemingly fierce determination, to make the Ten Commandments work. It would be amusing if it were not pitiful, their faith in these binding religious ideals. I, for one, have never been able to make up my mind whether this springs from the zealotry of the Puritans who landed at Plymouth Rock, or whether it is indigenous to the soil (which I doubt when I think of the Indians who preceded the whites), or whether it is a product of the federal constitution, compounded by such idealists as Paine and Jefferson and Franklin, and the more or less religious and political dreamers of the pre-constitutional days. Certain it is that no profound moral idealism animated the French in Canada, the Dutch in New York, the Swedes in New Jersey, or the mixed French and English in the extreme south and New Orleans. The first shipload of white women that was ever brought to America was sold, almost at so much a pound. They were landed at Jamestown. The basis of all the first large fortunes was laid, to speak plainly, in graft—the most outrageous concessions obtained abroad. The history of our relations with the American Indians is sufficient to lay any claim to financial or moral virtue or worth in the white men who settled this country. We debauched, then robbed and murdered them. There is no other conclusion to be drawn from the facts covering that relationship as set down in any history worthy of [373] Life, Art and America the name. In regard to the development of our land, our canals, our railroads, and the vast organizations supplying our present day necessities, their history is a complex of perjury, robbery, false witness, extortion, and indeed every crime to which avarice, greed and ambition are heir. If you do not believe this, examine at your leisure the various congressional and state legislative investigations which have been held on an average of every six months since the government was founded, and see for yourself. The cunning and unscrupulousness of American brains can be matched against any the world has ever known, not even excepting the English. But an odd thing in connection with this financial and social criminality is that it has been consistently and regularly ac companied, outwardly at least, by a religious and a sex puri-tanism which would be scarcely believable if it were not true. I do not say that the robbers and thieves who did so much to build up our great commercial and social structures were in themselves inwardly or outwardly always religious or puritanically moral from the sex point of view, although in regard to the latter, they most frequently made a show of so being. But I do say this, that the communities and the states and the nation in which they were committing their depredations have been individually and collectively, in so far as the written, printed and acted word are concerned, and in pictures and music, militantly pure and religious during all the time that this has been going forward under their eyes, and, to a certain extent, with their political consent. Why? I have a vague feeling that it is the American of Anglo-Saxon origin only who has been most vivid in his excitement over religion and morals where the written, printed, acted, or painted word was concerned, yet who, at the same time, and perhaps for this very reason, was failing or deliberately refusing to see, the contrast which his ordinary and very human actions presented to all this. Was he a hypocrite? Oh, well!—is he [374] Theodore Dreiser one? I hate to think it, but he certainly acts the part exceedingly well. Either he is that or a fool—take your choice. Your American of Anglo-Saxon or any other origin is actually no better, spiritually or morally, than any other creature of this earth, be he Turk or Hindu or Chinese, except from a materially constructive or wealth-breeding point of view, but for some odd reason or another, he thinks he is. The only real difference is that, cast out or spewed out by conditions over which he had no control elsewhere, he chanced to fall into a land overflowing with milk and honey. Nature in America was, and still is, kind to the lorn foreigner seeking a means of subsistence, and he seems to have immediately attributed this to three things: First, his inherent capacity to dominate and control wealth; second, the especial favor of God to him; third, to his superior and moral state (due, of course, to his possession of wealth). These three things, uncorrected as yet by any great financial pressure, or any great natural or world catastrophe, have served to keep the American in his highly romantic state of self deception. He still thinks that he is a superior spiritual and moral being, infinitely better than the creatures of any other land, and nothing short of a financial cataclysm, which will come with the pressure of population on resources, will convince him that he is not. But that he will yet be convinced is a certainty. You need not fear. Leave it to nature. One of the interesting phases of this puritanism or pharisee-ism is his attitude toward women and their morality and their purity. If ever a people has refined eroticism to a greater degree than the American, I am not aware of it. Owing to a theory or the doctrinaire acceptance of the Mary legend (Mary-olotry, no less), the good American, capable of the same gross financial crimes previously indicated, has been able to look upon most women, but more particularly those above him in the social scale, as considerably more than [375] Life, Art and America human—angelic, no less, and possessed of qualities the like of which are not to be found in any breathing being, man, woman, child, or animal. It matters not that his cities and towns, like those of any other nation, are rife with sex; that in each one are specific and often large areas devoted to Eros or Venus, or both. While maintaining them, he is still blind to their existence or import. He or his boys or his friends go— but—. Only a sex blunted nature or race such as the Anglo-Saxon could have built up any such asinine theory as this. The purity, the sanctity, the self-abnegation, the delicacy of women —how these qualities have been exaggerated and dinned into our ears, until at last the average scrubby non-reasoning male, quite capable of visiting the gardens of Venus, or taking a girl off the street, is no more able to clearly visualize the creature before him than he is the central wilds of Africa which he has never seen. A princess, a goddess, a divine mother or creative principle, all the virtues, all the perfections, no vices, no weaknesses, no errors—some such hodgepodge as this has come to be the average Anglo-Saxon, or at least American, conception of the average American woman. I do not say that a portion of this illusion is not valuable—I think it is. But as it stands now, she is too good to be true: a paragon, a myth! Actually, she doesn’t exist at all as he has been taught to imagine her. She is nothing more than a two-legged biped like the rest of us, but in consequence of this delusion sex itself, being a violation of this paragon, has become a crime. We enter upon the earth, it is true, in a none too artistic manner (conceived in iniquity and born in sin, is the biblical phrasing of it), but all this has long since been glozed over—ignored—and to obviate its brutality as much as possible, the male has been called upon to purify himself in thought and deed, to avoid all private speculation as to women and his relationship to them, and, much more [376] Theodore Dreiser than that, to avoid all public discussion, either by word of mouth or the printed page. To think of women or to describe them as anything less than the paragon previously commented upon, has become, by this process, not only a sin—it is a shameful infraction of the moral code, no less. Women are too good, the sex relationship too vile a thing, to be mentioned or even thought of. We must move in a mirage of illusion. We must not know what we really do. We must trample fact under foot and give fancy, in the guise of our so-called better natures, free rein. How this must affect or stultify the artistic and creative faculties of the race itself must be plain. Yet that is exactly where we stand today, ethically and spiritually, in regard to sex and women, and that is what is the matter with American social life, letters and art. I do not pretend to say that this is not a workable and a satisfactory code in case any race or nation chooses to follow it, but I do say it is deadening to the artistic impulse, and I mean it. Imagine a puritan or a moralist attempting anything in art, which is nothing if not a true reflection of insight into life! Imagine! And contrast this moral or art narrowness with his commercial, or financial, or agricultural freedom and sense, and note the difference. In regard to all the latter, he is cool, sceptical, level-headed, understanding, natural—consequently well developed in those fields. In regard to this other, he is illusioned, theoretic, religious. In consequence, he has no power, except for an occasional individual who may rise in spite of these untoward conditions (to be frowned upon) to understand, much less picture, life as it really is. Artistically, intellectually, philosophically, we are weaklings; financially, and in all ways commercial we are very powerful. So one-sided has been our development that in this latter respect we are almost giants. Strange, almost fabulous creatures, have been developed here by this process, men so [377] Life, Art and America singularly devoid of a rounded human nature that they have become freaks in this one direction—that of money getting. I refer to Rockefeller, Gould, Sage, Vanderbilt the first, H. H. Rogers, Carnegie, Frick. Strong in all but this one capacity, the majority of our great men stand forth as true human rarities, the like of which has scarcely ever been seen before. America could be described as the land of Bottom the Weaver. And by Bottom I mean the tradesman or manufacturer who by reason of his enthusiasm for the sale of paints or powder or threshing machines or coal, has accumulated wealth and, in consequence and by reason of the haphazard privileges of democracy, has strayed into a position of counsellor, or even dictator, not in regard to the things about which he might readily be supposed to know, but about the many things about which he would be much more likely not to know: art, science, philosophy, morals, public policy in general. You recall him, of course, in "A Midsummer Night’s Dream," unconscious of his furry ears and also that he does not know how to play the lion’s part—that it is more difficult than mere roaring. Here he is now, in America, enthroned as a lion, and in his way he is an epitome of the Anglo-Saxon temperament. All merchants, judges, lawyers, priests, politicians—what a goodly company of Bottoms they are. Solidified, they are Bottom to the life. Bottom is so wise in his own estimation. He never once suspects his furry ears or that he is not a perfect actor in the role of the lion—or (if you will take it for what it is meant) the arts. He is just a dull weaver, really, made by this dream of our constitution ("an exposition of sleep" come upon him) into a roaring lion—in his own estimation. No one must say that Bottom is not: he will be driven out of the country— deported or exiled. No one must presume to practise the arts save as Bottom understands them. If you do, presto, there is [378] Theodore Dreiser his henchman Comstock and all Comstockery to take you into custody. Men who have come here from foreign shores (England excepted) have been amazed at Bottom’s ears and his presumption in passing upon what is a lion’s part in life. Indeed he is the Anglo-Saxon temperament personified. He is convinced that liberty was not made for Oberon or Peaseblossom or Cobweb or Mustard, but for bishops and executives and wholesale grocers and men who have become vastly rich canning tomatoes or selling oil. We must be "marvelous furry about the face" and do things his way, to be free. The great desire of Bottom is for all of us to have furry ears and long ones and to believe that he is the greatest actor in the world. He is bewildered by a world that will not play Pyramus his way. Quince, Snug, Flute, Snout, and Starveling (all those who came over with him in the Mayflower) agree that he is a great actor, but there are others, and Bottom is convinced that these others are in error—trying to wreck that dream, the American Constitution, which brought this "exposition of sleep" upon him and made him into a lion—"marvelous furry about the face" and with great ears. Alas, alas! for art in America. It has a hard, stubby row to hoe. But my quarrel is not with America as a comfortable industrious atmosphere in which to move and have one’s being, but largely because it is no more than that—because it tends to become a dull, conventionalized, routine, material world, duller even that its reputed mother, sacred England. We are drifting, unless most of the visible signs are deceiving, into the clutches of a commercial oligarchy whose mental standards outside of trade are so puerile as to be scarcely worth discussing. Contemplate, if you please, what has happened to one of the shibboleths or bulwarks of our sacred liberties and intellectual freedom, i. e., the newspaper, under the dominance [379] Life, Art and America of trade. Look at it. I have not time here to stop and set forth seriatim all the charges that have been made, and in the main thoroughly substantiated, against the American newspaper. But consider for yourselves the newspapers which you know and read. How much, I ask you, if you are in trade, do the newspapers you know, know about trade? How much actual truth do they tell? How far could you follow their trade judgment or understanding? And if you are a member of any profession, how much reported professional knowledge or news, as presented by a newspaper, can you rely on? If a newspaper reported a professional man’s judgment or dictum in regard to any important professional fact, how fully would you accept it without other corroborative testimony? You are a play-goer: do you believe the newspaper dramatic critics? You are a student of literature: do you accept the mouthings of their literary critics or even look to them for advice? You are an artist or a lover of art: do you follow the newspapers for anything more than the barest intelligence as to the whereabouts of anything artistic? I doubt it. And in regard to politics, finance, social movements and social affairs, are they not actually the darkest, the most misrepre-sentative, frequently the most biased and malicious guides in the world of the printed word? Take their mouthings concerning ethics and morals alone and contrast them, if you please, with their private policy or their financial connections —the forces by which they are directed, editorially and otherwise. I am not speaking of all newspapers, but never mind the exception. It is always unimportant in mass conditions, anyhow. Newspaper criticism, like newspaper leadership, has already long since come to be looked upon by the informed and intelligent as little more than the mouthings or bellow-ings of mercenaries or panderers to trade, or, worse still, rank incompetents. The newspaper man, per se, either does not [380] Theodore Dreiser know or cannot help himself. The newspaper publisher is very glad of this and uses his half intelligence or inability to further his own interests. Politicians, administrations, department stores, large interests and personalities of various kinds, use or control or compel newspapers to do their bidding. This is a severe indictment to make against the press in general. Is it not literally true? Do you not, of your own knowledge, know it to be so? Take again the large, the almost dominant religious and commercial organizations of America. What relationship, if any, do they bear to a free mental development, a refined taste, a subtle understanding, art or life in its poetic or tragic moulds, its drift, its character? Would you personally look to the Methodist, or the Presbyterian, or the Catholic, or the Baptist church to further individualism, or freedom of thought, or directness of mental action, or art in any form? Do not they really ask of all their adherents that they lay aside this freedom in favor of the reported word or dictum of a fabled, a non-historic, an imaginary ruler, of the universe? Think of it. And they are among the powerful, constructive, and controlling elements in government—in this government, to be accurate—dedicated and presumably devoted to individual liberty, not only of so-called conscience, but of constructive thought and art. And our large corporations, with their dominant and controlling captains of industry, so-called. What about their relationship to individuality, the freedom of the individual to think for himself—to grow along constructural lines? Take, for instance, the tobacco trust, the oil trust, the milk trust, the coal trust—in what way, do you suppose, do they help? Are they actively seeking a better code of ethics, a wider historic or philosophic perspective, a more delicate art perception for the individual, or are they definitely and permanently concerned with the customary bludgeoning tactics of trade, piling [381] Life, Art and America up fortunes out of which they are to be partially bled later by pseudo art collectors and swindling dealers in antiques and so-called historic art and literature? Of current life and its accomplishments, what do they actually know? Yet this is a democracy. Here, as in every other realm of the world, the individual is permitted, compelled, to seek his own material and mental salvation as best he may. The trouble with a democracy as opposed to an autocracy, with a line of titled idlers permitted the gift of leisure and art indulgence, is that there is no central force or group to foster art, to secure letters and art in their inalienable rights, to make of superior thought a noble and a sacred thing. I am not saying that democracy will not yet produce such a central force or group. I believe it can and will. I believe when the time arrives it may prove to be better than any form of hereditary autocracy. But I am talking about the mental, the social, the artistic condition of America as it is today. To me it is a thing for laughter, if not for tears: one hundred million Americans, rich (a fair percentage of them, anyhow) beyond the dreams of avarice, and scarcely a sculptor, a poet, a singer, a novelist, an actor, a musician, worthy of the name. One hundred and forty years (almost two hundred, counting the Colonial days) of the most prosperous social conditions, a rich soil, incalculable deposits of gold, silver, and precious and useful metals and fuels of all kinds, a land amazing in its mountains, its streams, its valley prospects, its wealth-yielding powers, and now its tremendous cities and far-flung facilities for travel and trade, and yet contemplate it. Artists, poets, thinkers, where are they? Run them over in your mind. Has it produced a single philosopher of the first rank—a Spencer, a Nietzsche, a Schopenhauer, a Kant? Do I hear someone offering Emerson as an equivalent? or James? Has it produced a historian of the force of either Macauley or Grote or Gibbon? A novelist of the rank of [382] Theodore Dreiser Turgenev, de Maupassant, or Flaubert? A scientist of the standing of Crooks or Roentgen or Pasteur? A critic of the insight and force of Taine, Sainte-Beuve or the de Goncourts? A dramatist the equivalent of Ibsen, Chekhov, Shaw, Hauptmann, Brieux? An actor, since Booth, of the force of Coquelin, Sonnenthal, Forbes-Robertson, or Sarah Bernhardt? Since Whitman, one poet, Edgar Lee Masters. In painting, a Whistler, an Inness, a Sargent. Who else? (And two of these shook the dust of our shores forever.) Inventors, yes. By the hundreds, one might almost say by the thousands. Some of them amazing enough, in all conscience, world figures, and enduring for all time. But of what relationship to art—the supreme freedom of the mind? I have been asked to comment on the moral, the social, drift of America, as this relates itself to mental freedom. Look at it for yourself. What is there to say really? What? The most significant and, to me, discouraging manifestation in connection with the United States today, is the tendency to even narrower and more puritanic standards than have obtained in the past. In all conscience, up to this year of our Lord nineteen hundred and seventeen, they have been bad enough. As a matter of fact, America, in its hundred years of life, has not even reached the intellectual maturity that goes in individual cases with a stripling of eighteen. I am constantly astonished by the thousands of men, exceedingly capable in some mechanical or narrow technical sense, whose world or philosophic vision is that of a child. As a nation, we accept and believe naively in such impossible things.  I am not thinking alone of the primary tenets of all religions, which are manifestly based on nothing at all, and which millions of Americans, along with the humbler classes of other countries, accept, but rather of those sterner truths which life itself teaches—the unreliability of human nature; the crass chance which strikes down and destroys our finest [383] Life, Art and America dreams; the fact that man in all his relations is neither good nor evil, but both. The American, by some hocus pocus of atavism, has seemingly borrowed or retained from lower English middle-class puritans all their fol de rol notions about making human nature perfect by fiat or edict—the written word, as it were, which goes with all religions. So, although by reason of the coarsest and most brutal methods, we, as a nation, have built up one of the most interesting and domineering oligarchies in the world, we are still by no means aware of the fact. All men, in the mind of the unthinking American, are still free and equal. They have in themselves certain inalienable rights; what they are, when you come to test them, no human being can discover. Your so-called rights disappear like water before a moving boat. They do not exist. Life here, as elsewhere comes down to the brutal methods of nature itself. The rich strike the poor at every turn ; the poor defend themselves and further their lives by all the tricks which stark necessity can conceive. No inalienable right keeps the average cost of living from rising steadily, while most of the salaries of our idealistic Americans are stationary. No inalienable right has ever yet prevented the strong from either tricking or browbeating the weak. And, although by degrees the average American everywhere is feeling more and more keenly the sharpening struggle for existence, yet his faith in his impossible ideals is as fresh as ever. God will save the good American, and seat him at His right hand on the Golden Throne. On earth the good American is convinced that the narrower and more colorless his life here the greater his opportunity for a more glorious life hereafter. His pet theory is that man is made useful and successful and constructive—a perfect man, in short—by the kinds and numbers of things he is not permitted to do or think or say. A pale, narrow, utterly [384] Theodore Dreiser restrained life, according to his theory, is the perfect one. If one accepted St. James’s version and kept utterly unspotted by the world, entirely out of contact with it, he would be the perfect American. Indeed, ever since the Mayflower landed, and the country began to grow westward, we have been convinced that we were destined to make the Ten Commandments, in all their arbitrary perfection, work. One might show readily enough that America attained its amazing position in life by reason of the fact that, along with boundless opportunities, the Ten Commandments did not and do not work, but what would be the use? With one hand the naive American takes and executes with all the brutal insistence of nature itself; with the other he writes glowing platitudes concerning brotherly love, virtue, purity, truth, etc., etc. A part of this right or left hand tendency, as the case might be, is seen in the constant desire of the American to reform something. No country in the world, not even England, the mother of fol de rol reforms, is so prolific in these frail ventures as this great country of ours. In turn we have had campaigns for the reform of the atheist, the drunkard, the lecher, the fallen woman, the buccaneer financier, the drug fiend, the dancer, the theatregoer, the reader of novels, the wearer of low-neck dresses and surplus jewelry—in fact, every human taste and frivolity, wherever sporadically it has chanced to manifest itself with any interesting human force. Your reformer’s idea is that any human being, to be a successful one, must be a pale spindling sprout, incapable of any vice or crime. And all the while the threshing sea of life is sounding in his ears. The thief, the lecher, the drunkard, the fallen woman, the greedy, the inordinately vain, as in all ages past, pass by his door, and are not the whit less numerous for the unending campaigns which have been launched to save them. In other words, human nature is human nature, but your American cannot be made to believe it. [385] Life, Art and America He will not give up the illusion which was piled safely in the hold of the Mayflower when it set sail. He is going to reform man and the world willy nilly, and, while in his rampant idealism he is neglecting to build up a suitable army and navy wherewith to defend himself, he is busy propagating little cults whereby man is to be made less vigorous, more the useless anaemic thing that he has in mind. Personally, my quarrel is with America’s quarrel with original thought. It is so painful to me to see one after another of our alleged reformers tilting Don Quixote-like at the giant windmills of fact. We are to have no pictures which the puritan and the narrow, animated by an obsolete dogma, cannot approve of. We are to have no theatres, no motion pictures, no books, no public exhibitions of any kind, no speech even, which will in any way contravene his limited view of life. A few years ago it was the humble dealer in liquor whose life was anathemetized, and whose property was descended upon with torches, axes and bombs. Now comes prohibition. A little later, our cities growing and the sections devoted to the worship of Venus becoming more manifest, the Vice Crusader was bred, and we had the spectacle of whole areas of fallen women scattered to the four winds, and allowed to practise separately what they could not do collectively. Then came Mr. Comstock, vindictive, persistent, and with a nose and a taste for the profane and erotic, such as elsewhere has not been equaled since. Pictures, books, the theatre, the dance, the studio—all came under his watchful eye. During the twenty or thirty years in which he acted as a United States Postoffice Inspector, he was, because of his dull charging against things which he did not rightly understand, never out of the white light of publicity which he so greatly craved. One month it would be a novel by D’Annunzio; another, a set of works by Balzac or de Maupassant, found in the shade of some grovelly bookseller’s shop; the [386] Theodore Dreiser humble photographer attempting a nude; the painter who allowed his reverence for Raphael to carry him too far; the poet who attempted a recrudescence of Don Juan in modern iambics, was immediately seized upon and hauled before an equally dull magistrate, there to be charged with his offense and to be fined accordingly. All this is being continued with emphasis. Then came the day of the White Slave Chasers, and now no American city, and no backwoods Four Corners, however humble, is complete without a vice commission of some kind, or at least a local agent or representative, charged with the duty of keeping the art, the literature, the press, and the private lives of all those at hand up to that standard of perfection which only the dull can set for themselves. Several years ago, when the White Slave question was at its whitest heat, the problem of giving expression to its fundamental aspects was divided between raiding plays which attempted to show the character of the crime in too graphic a manner, and licensing those which appealed to the intelligence of those who were foremost in the crusade. Thus we had the spectacle of an uncensored, but nevertheless approved, ten-reel film showing more details of the crime and better methods of securing white slaves, than any other production of the day, running undisturbed to packed houses all over the country, while two somewhat more dramatic, but far less effective distributors of information in the way of plays were successfully harried from city to city and finally withdrawn. Shakespeare has been ordered from the schools in some of the states. A production of "Antony and Cleopatra" has been raided in Chicago. Japanese prints of a high art value, intended for the seclusion of a private collection, have been seized and the most valuable of them held to be destroyed. By turns, an artistic fountain to Heine in New York, loan exhibits of paintings in Denver, Kansas City, and elsewhere, scores of [387] Life, Art and America books by Stevenson, James Lane Allen, Frances H. Burnett, have been attacked, not only, as in the case of the latter, with the invisible weapons of the law, as might be expected, but, in regard to the former, with actual axes. A male dancer of repute and some artistic ability, has been raided publicly by the Vice Crusaders for his shameless exposure of his person! No play, no picture, no book, no public or private jubilation of any kind, is complete any more without its vice attack. To me this sort of thing is dull, and bespeaks the low state to which our mental activities have fallen. When it comes to the matter of serious letters it is the worst. In New York a literary reign of terror has been and is now being attempted. The publisher of Mr. D. H. Lawrence’s latest novel is warned before he brings it out that he will be prosecuted—a work that probably has no more defect than being intelligent and true. Similarly, Mr. Przybyszewski’s "Homo Sapiens"—a by no means pornographic work—was at once seized on its appearance, and the publishers frightened into withdrawing it. This was true of "Hagar Ravelly," "Tess of the d’Urbervilles," "Sapho," "Jude the Obscure," "Rose of Dutchers Cooley," "A Lady of Quality," "A Summer in Arcady," and indeed scores of others. Imagine banning a book like "A Summer in Arcady" from the public libraries! And now "The Sexual Question," by the eminent August Forel, has been banned also. Think of it—the work of a scientist of Forel’s attainments being banned! This sort of interference with serious letters is, to me, the worst and most corrupting form of espionage which is conceivable to the human mind. It plumbs the depths of ignorance and intolerance; if not checked, it can and will dam initiative and inspiration at the source. Life, if it is anything at all, is a thing to be observed, studied, interpreted. We cannot know too much about it, because as yet we know nothing. It is our one great realm of discovery. The artist, if [388] Theodore Dreiser left to himself, may be safely trusted to observe, synchronize, and articulate human knowledge in the most palatable and delightful form. Human nature will seek and have what it needs, the vice crusaders to the contrary notwithstanding. There is no compulsion on any one to read. One must pay to do so. What is more, one must have taste inherently to select, and a brain and a heart to understand. With all these safeguards and a double score of capable critics in every land to praise or blame, what need really is there for a censor, or a dozen of them, each far less fitted than any of the working critics, to indulge his personal predilection and opposition, and to appeal to the courts if he is disagreed with? Personally, I rise to protest. I look on this interference with serious art and serious minds as an outrage. I fear for the ultimate intelligence of America, which in all conscience, judged by world standards, is low enough. In our youth and conceit we think ourselves wise. Intelligent cosmopolitans actually know that our ignorance is appalling. In the main we are unbelievably dull and wishy-washy. Now appears a band of wasp-like censors to put the finishing touches on a literature and an art that has struggled all too feebly as it is. Poe, Hawthorne, Whitman, and Thoreau, each in turn was the butt and jibe of unintelligent Americans, until by now we are well nigh the laughing stock of the world. Where is it to end? When will we lay aside our swaddling clothes, enforced on us by ignorant, impossible puritans and their uneducated followers, and stand up, free thinking men and women? Life is to be learned as much from books and art as from life itself—almost more so, in my judgment. Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail. Shall the dull and the self-seeking and the selfadvertising close this store on the groping human mind? [389] THE SEVEN ARTS AN EXPRESSION OF ARTISTS FOR THE COMMUNITY James Oppenheim, Editor Waldo Frank, Associate Editor Advisory Board Kahlil Gibran	Robert Frost Louis Untermeyer	Edna Kenton Van Wyck Brooks	David Mannes Robert Edmond Jones ] WHAT is an artist? Is he superman or child-man, beyond the normal or beneath, neurotic or healthy? We have associated with him many strange and abnormal manifestations. We think of Poe and his alcoholism, of Schiller inspired by a room reeking with rotten apples, of Wagner with his aberrations of temper and his velvet dressing gowns, of Byron and the Don Juan streak, and may have come to agree with Shakespeare that "The lunatic, the lover and the poet Are of imagination all compact" But in an article in this issue, Mr. Kuttner, following after Otto Rank, the Freudian psychologist, makes a different diagnosis. He would class the poet neither with lover nor [390] The Seven Arts lunatic, but somewhere between the two: that is, if "lover" stand for so-called normal man under the influence of passion. Our everyday man lives in his afïairs, his relationships and his business: our lunatic is swamped and engulfed in his own phantasies which he mistakes for "reality." Our everyday man, as it were, lives above water in the air of facts: our lunatic is submerged and never comes up. And our artist is neither and both, because he not only has a tendency to sink into himself under the blows of the world, but by his gift he does not remain submerged; instead, he comes up into the world of facts, bearing in his hands his salvation, namely, his work of art. In other words, the stuff of art is phantasy; phantasy is the world of the neurosis; but the artist makes of phantasy a work for the actual world, and so escapes remaining within himself. I BELIEVE Mr. Kuttner would be the first one to agree that this problem is still at a speculative stage; and since this is so, it might be well to indulge in further speculation, and from a divergent viewpoint. To me, what Mr. Kuttner says in effect is this: "You artists are not normal. That is a sign that you are artists. Of course you should be normal; or you will be, at any rate, if you ever are psychoanalyzed. And of course as soon as you become normal, you will cease to be artists. For it stands to reason that your man of the world of facts would not be driven back into phantasy, and such abnormality. Instead of fleeing life, and seeking himself, he would embrace life, and, as in the fable I quote, take the woman herself instead of painting her picture." Now here’s the answer of any true artist: "If being neurotic is the price I must pay to remain an artist, I shall never become a normal human being. Shall art die out, for lack of a handful of heroes?" [391] The Seven Arts MY own feeling is that this is not the problem that confronts the artist. According to my viewpoint, the artist is not a middleman selling the stuff of neurotics to his normal customers: he is no in-between type in this way. He is not, in other words, an inferior type. Nor is the term "artist" opposed to "genius," though not all geniuses are artists, nor all artists, geniuses. What, however, is normality? Who are the normal? The Freudians picture the life of civilized man as a perpetual conflict between animal and savage impulses and the conventions, laws, taboos and ethics of society. Since it is destruction to choose savagery, the majority choose to submit; and they gain their submission by sternly repressing any contrary tendencies. They adapt. They are the normal. The abnormal, however, fail in their repression: the inner conflict goes on raging, and the failure of their repression is registered in the symptoms of their neurosis. With them the artist seems to belong, and we can call his art one of the symptoms of his condition. But only one of the symptoms: the wound remains in him and is never healed. NOW first let us see normality a little more clearly. A man shuts off his instinctive wishes, and becomes conventionalized : he fits himself into the ready-made mold of society: he takes the pattern that is imposed on him. And the name of this man is Legion. He is, in Nietzsche’s phrase, "the many-too-many". If this is so, then obviously the world has been saved by neurotics; saved by the mold-breakers, the mold-makers, the insurgents, rebels, creators; by those whom the biologists term "sports". The path of evolution lies through the variation, not through the average. It lies through the Christs, Michelangelos and Caesars. Hence, to follow Mr. Kuttner a bit further, if only we can achieve thorough normality, we shall not only wipe out the arts, but also the [392] The Seven Arts entire future; and a science, i. e., analytic psychology, which has this for its aim, is an enemy of the human race. REDUCTIO AD ABSURDUM, surely. And Mr. Kuttner would laugh at this idea. We must then speculate a little further, and venture the hypothesis that variations do exist; that artists, and such unusual folk, are born, not made. They come into the world with that difference in them which makes adaptation difficult. If they are weak, they succumb to their weakness, and thus become neurotics. If they are built of tougher fibre, they fight their way against environment, either by actual social raids in the manner of a Napoleon or a Luther, or by a production out of themselves of ideal works in which they seek the satisfaction of their unusual wishes. Nevertheless, it is true that most artists do not win a complete victory. Their work does not heal them : the wound remains, the conflict goes on raging, and they find it impossible to live fully and freely. They suffer a lifetime, like an Ibsen or a Strindberg or a Michelangelo. NOW my belief is that we must classify such artists as sub-normal, and that we must say, that the problem is, not to make them normal, but rather to make them super-normal. Normality means repression, with its corollary of conventionality. What should be sought after is not to teach the artist to repress his desires, but to express them; and not to express them in nature’s way, in a mere savage manner, but to express them in those human, those higher ways that fall under the head of sublimation. In other words, since the artist is born a variation, no theurapeutic technic is going to make him normal; but the right sort of aid is going to give his gift a clearer channel for its expression. Instead of wasting [393] The Seven Arts much of his energy in fighting himself, in being misunderstood, in becoming the victim of childish habits, he is to understand himself, to be able to see and analyze the causes of his maladjustments, to overcome his childishness, and so be free to devote his total energy to his work and to the world. He may then render unto Caeser that which belongs to Caeser, and render unto God that which belongs to God: he may be at the same time, both a citizen and an artist. OF course, the fact is that many geniuses of the race came close to this victory. Shakespeare adapted enough to "reality"—meaning the business of life— to be a successful play producer, Goethe to be a scientist and states’ counsellor, Milton to serve England twenty years as a statesman, and Rodin is known for his simplicity, approachableness and normal conduct. And in none of these cases does it appear for a moment that there was any loss for the art. In fact, is it not highly probable that this embracing of social experience, this grapple and struggle with the facts of life, this willingness to be as others at least for a segment of the human arc, became the very stuff of their art and gave it that rich worldliness and consciousness which sets it so far above the art of the weaker Poes, Oscar Wildes and Remy de Gourmonts? These former were not normal men; neither were they neurotics. They were super-normal; for instead of being slaves of the wheel, along with their normal millions of fellow-beings, they were creators. At least that is my hypothesis, and it seems more hopeful to me than the speculation of Mr. Kuttner. J. O. [394] England’s Intellectual Colonization of America By Willard Huntington Wright THE intellectual colonization of America by patronizing and contemptuous provincial English critics has been going on for generations; but never has so concerted and aggressive a campaign of insular and middle-class British culture been launched in this country as that which has been foisted upon us by the exploiters of the new "Encyclopædia Britannica." Here is a reference work which epitomizes England’s parochial chauvinism; which represents the fullblown flower of her contempt for all American intellectual activity; which minimizes the culture of all nations save that of Great Britain; and which exaggerates and glorifies to a preposterous degree the achievements of Englishmen. In this Encyclopædia liberal biographies are accorded all manner of second- and third-rate English writers, painters, composers and philosophers; whereas many of the truly great and outstanding figures of other nations are either neglected or omitted entirely. America especially suffers from neglect: to such an extent is this true that the Britannica, as a record of our intellectual activities, is practically worthless. There is not sufficient space here to go into detail, or to quote the glowing Presbyterian eulogies which are conferred on all manner of unimportant Englishmen. Neither shall I be able to record the adverse criticism which is constantly applied to the writers, artists and thinkers of other countries. I cannot even set down more than a very few of the glaring [395] England's Intellectual Colonization of America discrepancies in space between the biographies of British creators and those of alien nationality. In this limited review I can only hope to suggest the suburban piety, the distorted patriotism, and the extreme unfairness which inform the Bri-tannica’s treatment of the world’s culture. In the field of modern fiction, for instance, there are no biographies of Romain Rolland, Pierre de Coulevain, Tin-ayre, René Boylesve, Jean and Jerôme Tharaud, Henry Bordeaux, Andreiev, Garshin, Kuprin, Chernyshevsky, Grigoro-vich, Artzybasheff, Korolenko, Tchekhofif, Ebers, Eckstein, Franzos, Gustav Frenssen, Wilhelm Meinhold, Luise Mühlbach, Clara Viebig, Edith Wharton, David Graham Phillips, Winston Churchill, Margaret Deland, Ambrose Bierce, and Theodore Dreiser. But, on the other hand, the Britannica has liberal and, in many cases, eulogistic biographies of such Englishmen as Hall Caine, Rider Haggard, Stanley Wey-man, Flora Annie Steel, Edna Lyall, Elizabeth Charles, Annie Keary, Eliza Linton, Mrs. Henry Wood, Pett Ridge, W. C. Russell, Ainsworth, G. P. R. James, Sara Norton, Ouida, Marie Corelli, Jane Porter, Anthony Hope, Mrs. M. E. Braddon, Julia Kavanagh, Samuel Warren, Grant Allen, Mrs. Oliphant, Felicia Hemans, and G. A. Henty. Furthermore, Barrie, Mrs. Gaskell, and Felicia Hemans are given longer biographies than either Zola or Mark Twain. George Eliot receives twice as much space as Stendhal, and half again as much as de Maupassant. G. P. R. James’s biography is as long as that of William Dean Howells. Sara Norton’s is longer than that of Huysmans or Gorky. Mrs. Humphry Ward’s biography is much longer than Turge-niev’s, Zola’s, Daudet’s, or Henry James’s; while Dickens’s is nearly half again as long as Balzac’s, and nearly two and a half times as long as Victor Hugo’s. Charles Reade, Charles Kingsley and Mrs. Gaskell are each accorded more space than Dostoievsky; and Thomas Love Peacock and Kipling are [396] Willard Huntington Wright both given longer biographies than Turgeniev. Among the modern poets (not English) who receive no biographical mention in the Britannica are Adolphe Rette, René de Ghil, Stuart Merrill, Signoret, Paul Fort, Eekhoud, Rodenbach, Elskamp, Cammaerts, Alfredo Baccelli, Domenico Gnoli, Rapisardi, Chiarini, Panzacchi, Bonacchi, Fucini, Nencioni, Dehmel, Carl Busse, Stefan George, Ewers, Rainer, Marie Rilke, Gustav Falke, Otto Julius Bierbaum, Hugo von Hofmannsthal, Emily Dickinson, John Bannister Tabb, Edith Thomas, Lizette Woodworth Reese, Richard Hovey, Bliss Carman, Edwin Arlington Robinson, Santayana, Percy MacKaye, and William Vaughn Moody. Among the English poets, however, who are given biographical and critical attention in the Britannica are Coventry Patmore, Sydney Dobell, Blunt, John Davidson, Stephen Phillips, Henry Clarence Kendall, Roden Noel, Alexander Smith, Lawrence Binyon, Lawrence Housman, Ebenezer Jones, Richard le Gallienne, Henry Newbolt, Christina Rossetti, William Watson, Francis Thompson, and Austin Dobson. The parochial standard of aesthetic judgment is applied throughout these biographies with the result that Swinburne is charged with that "animalism which wars against the higher issues of the spirit;" while Robert Bridges is praised for his "purity" and "spirituality;" and Christina Rossetti is commended for her "sanctity" and "religious faith." Furthermore, Edgar Allan Poe’s biography is shorter than that of Austin Dobson; and Walt Whitman’s is shorter than Coventry Patmore’s. Baudelaire receives less space than William Watson; Verlaine, half the space given to Austin Dobson; Moréas, only half the space allotted Sydney Dobell; and Mallarmé, only half the space given to Christina Rossetti. In the field of the modern drama British insularity and injustice reach a high pitch. In vain you may seek the Britannica through for biographies of Schnitzler, Arno Holz, Max [397] England’s Intellectual Colonization of America Halbe, Ludwig Fulda, Hartleben, Dreyer, Hardt, Hirsch-feld, Rosmer, Hermann Bahr, Johannes Schlaf, Wedekind, James A. Herne, Augustin Daly, Bronson Howard, Augustus Thomas, Clyde Fitch, Synge, or Lady Gregory. And yet liberal biographical treatment is accorded such English playwrights as T. W. Robertson, H. J. Byron, W. S. Gilbert, G. R. Sims, Sydney Grundy, James M. Barrie, Pinero, and Henry Arthur Jones. But these omissions of some of the greatest modern dramatists of Germany, America and Ireland, and the inclusion of second-rate English playwrights, only begin to indicate the gross prejudice, incompleteness and inadequacy which mark the Britannica’s treatment of this field of endeavor. In the general article on Drama, the French drama is given fifteen columns; the German, nine; the Scandinavian, one; the Russian, one-third of a column; and the English drama, forty-one columns. The American drama is not given a separate division, but is included under the English drama, and occupies less than one column. In the division on the Scandinavian drama, Strindberg’s name is not mentioned; and, in the brief passage on the Russian drama, no dramatist born later than 1808 is mentioned! Again in the sub-headings of "Recent" drama, recent English drama is given twelve columns, while recent French drama has but a little over three. There is no sub-division for recent German drama, but mention is made of it in a short paragraph under the English section, with the heading: "Influences of the Foreign Drama." Henri Becque is given only half the space given to Sims; Rostand receives less space than H. J. Byron; and Brieux is dismissed with twenty-six lines! Hauptmann and Sudermann are accorded less space in their biographies than Sydney Grundy, Henry Arthur Jones, Byron, or Robertson; and less than one-third the space given to Shaw and W. S. Gilbert. [398] Willard Huntington Wright Furthermore, their biographies are incomplete, ending apparently in 1904. And there is not a single biography in the entire Encyclopaedia of an American dramatist! In the field of painting we find the same petty neglect of artists who are not English. Only, in this department the flamboyant and partisan praise accorded British painters soars to a height little short of absurdity. To begin with, there are no biographies of Cézanne, Maurice Denis, Vollaton, Lucien Simon, Vuillard, Louis le Grand, Toulouse-Lautrec, Stein-lein, Jean-Paul Laurens, Redon, René Mesnard, Carrière, Wilhelm Leibl, Schuch, Trübner, Spitzweg, Haberman, Zügel, Louis Corinth, Ludwig Knaus, Holder, Munzer, Munthe, Von Marées, Mary Cassatt, George Bellows, Henri, Twachtmann, C. W. Hawthorne, Glackens, Jerome Meyers, George Luks, Sargeant Kendall, Paul Dougherty, Allen Tal-cott, or Thomas Doughty. But there are biographies of such English painters as Thomas Stothard, James Northcote, B. R. Haydon, David Wilkie, W. E. Frost, T. S. Cooper, Thomas Creswick, Francis Danby, David Scott, William Mulready, W. P. Frith, J. W. Gordon, William Strang, Birkett Foster, P. W. Steer, Francis Grant, George Harvey, Harry Furniss, Francis Lathrop, E. J. Gregory, H. W. B. Davis, J. W. Waterhouse, George Reid, Frederick Walker, E. A. Water-low, and others of the same caliber too numerous to mention. Of Reynolds it is said : "There can be no question of placing him by the side of the greatest Venetians, or of the triumvirate of the seventeenth century, Rubens, Rembrandt and Velasquez." And elsewhere we read: "Gainsborough and Reynolds rank side by side. . . . It is difficult to say which stands the higher of the two." Also, in speaking of Turner’s paintings, it is recorded that, despite any exception we may take to them, "there still remain a body of work which for extent, variety, truth and artistic taste is like the British fleet among the navies of the world." [399] England’s Intellectual Colonization of America It might be well to turn to the article on Painting and look at the sub-divisions, "Recent Schools." Under "British" you will find twelve columns with inset headings. Under "French" you will find only seven columns, without insets. Practically all important modern painters have been Frenchmen, and all advances made in modern art have come out of France; yet recent British schools are given nearly twice the space which is devoted to recent French schools! It is impossible here to suggest adequately the gross bias shown in the treatment of modern philosophers or the glaring partiality accorded all manner of minor English thinkers. However, I may make mention of the fact that among important non-English thinkers who receive no biographies in "The Encyclopaedia Britannica" are Hermann Cohen, Alois Riehl, Windleband, Rickert, Freud, Jung, Emile Boutroux, Bergson, Guyau, Ardigò, Josiah Royce, Stanley Hall, and John Dewey. And, knowing the British hatred for Nietzsche’s anti-sentimental and anti-English doctrines, one can find a certain touch of humor in the fact that Nietzsche’s biography is shorter than Mrs. Humphry Ward’s, and is written in a derogatory and carping spirit. Among British "philosophers" who are given longer biographies than Nietzsche are Dugald Stewart, Richard Price, T. H. Green, James F. Ferrier, Ralph Cudworth, Anthony Collins, Adam Ferguson, and Samuel Clarke! In the field of music we encounter the same gross inadequacy, the same glorification of unimportant Englishmen, the same neglect or omission of great men from other nations, and the same contemptuous treatment of American culture, which characterize practically every field of modern intellectual endeavor as set forth in the Britannica. For instance, there are no biographies of Marschner, Friedrich Silcher, Gustav Mahler, the Scharwenka brothers, George Alfred Schumann, Max Reger, Schoenberg, Eugen d’Albert, Goldmark, Kreisler, [400] Willard Huntington Wright Guilmant, Charpentier, Ravel, César Cui, Arensky, Taneiev, Grechaninov, Scriabine, Rachmaninov, Wolf-Ferarri, Nord-raak, Sinding, Sibelius, Josef Hofmann, Leschetisky, John Knowles Paine, Edgar Stillman Kelly, Frederick Converse, Horatio Parker, and Ethelbert Nevin. Bear these names in mind when I tell you that there are generous biographies of such British composers and musicians as William Thomas Best, Henry Bishop, Alfred Cellier, John Field, William Shield, Samuel Wesley, Thomas Atwood, Julius Benedict, William Jackson, John Stainer, Charles Stanford, Henry Hugo Pierson, William Crotch, Joseph Barnby, Frederick Clay, John Barnett, John Goss and James Turle. Furthermore, let us regard the general article on Music. In that division of the article entitled "Recent Music" we find the following astonishing division of space: Recent German music receives just eleven lines; recent French music, thirty-eight lines; recent Italian music, nineteen lines; recent Russian music, thirteen lines; and recent British music nearly four columns, or two full pages—thirty-five times as much space as is given modern German music! This is the kind of "universal" and "international" culture disseminated by "The Encyclopaedia Britannica" which (to quote from an advertisement) "is a complete library of knowledge on every subject appealing to intelligent persons;" and which "will tell you more about everything than you will get from any other source!" This is the encyclopaedia—with its inadequacies, its long eulogies of bourgeois English creators, its lack of all sense of proportion, its glaring omissions, its spirit of chauvinism and insular prejudice—which Americans are exhorted, not only to accept, but to pay a large price for! And this is "the supreme book of knowledge" from which hundreds of thousands of Americans are garnering their educational ideas. [401] Meanings By Leo Stein ACTION in all forms of living things serves to assure the primitive needs: food, protection, reproduction. The higher animals add play, the highest science and art. For these additional functions energy is needed beyond what is required for the primitive wants, and leisure also for its expenditure. The play activity consumes especially the leisure of youth and serves to make the creature ready for its adult functions. The expression in art occurs throughout the greater part of life, either as art production or reception. Of course much of this activity is incidental to the making of utilities, but patterns woven into textiles and wrought on potteries mean an effort beyond the mere supplying of things necessary. No large factor in life can be explained except upon the basis of a very fundamental need, and art is so great a factor that the need must be equivalently great. Development of mind in man must have produced a gap between his former and his later needs that only art could fill. Science was the organization of his knowledge, and art the adding of completeness to experience, the rounding out of what in life was fragmentary and unsatisfying. In ordinary living, activities are generally partial, and only now and then complete. A man who walks must make adjustments to the inequalities of the ground, a man who hunts, to the uncertainties of the chase, a man who fights, to the accidents of strength and fortune. In art life’s rhythms are made whole. In march or dance completeness of the step is emphasized, [402] Leo Stein and when man’s mind has grown to making plans of action and reflecting on their outcome, he will no longer merely howl with rage at having failed. He will relive the thing as he would like to have it. Fantasy enters as a reconciler. It completes the rhythm of action in a way satisfactory to desire, and corrects memory for our comfort and delectation. In decoration it gives values of completeness through accentuation and a rhythm that is again accentuation. Art is therefore very close to common life and is life’s idealization. It is also life’s objectification. Instead of being merely lived, life is reviewed, revised, communicated. Things temporally distant are brought near and are reanimated by the imagination. Inanimate things are given a conferred activity. The so-called moving line in hill or contour is the objective form of our own ideal movement; presented symmetries and rhythms are the expression of our own balance and adjustment. Actions imagined are not really carried out or only partially. The dance, the story, or the picture is the carrier of an action that implicitly goes further; the thing imagined is a form embodying a virtual act. The field of art consequently cannot be narrow. Its range extends over all communicable form that tends to express in completion our desires. We want, while still at rest, to experience action, to get the values of more action than our own acts involve. We want more charm, more comfort, more assuagement, than our surroundings give. Art is a vicarious amplitude of effort, a maximal reward for minimal costs. All movements from the gentlest poise to the most violent struggle, all contacts with remote desired things, we can accomplish without rising from our chairs. Art then is fantasy, a substitute for practical action, an ideal substitute for daily life. In certain elementary forms it is quite infantile, like children’s dreams, a simple wish-fulfill-ment, but the maturer mind is quickly sated with such simplic- [403] Meanings ities of satisfaction. It feels the need of a more complex stress to give intensity of feeling. This is not always true, for hardly the most jaded lose completely their appetite for the obvious. But beside the obvious for moments of relaxation, they need other things. Fantasy must follow the firmer curves of life through all the strokes and counter-strokes of tragedy and comedy, of subtle and elaborate accommodation. That which enters too easily passes through too readily. Only by offering resistance to the incoming current can tension of the spirit be obtained. We start with simple beats, with simple rhythms, simple tales. The hero overcomes his obstacles and then lives happily forever after. But soon a greater strain is called for. The obvious tale, whether a tragic or a comic one, makes less impression. The suspense needs subtlety and more reality. Whether in the movement of a line, the progress of a tale, the current of a melody, some inner resistance must be overcome to make us feel the value. A simple tune may send us to the dance but a more complex set of tone relations will stop the easy flow of movement and convert our bodily responses into a keener apprehension of the object. The same is true of our sympathies. Detachment comes with the elaboration of resistance to over great facility of taking-in, and so the finest critic before the finest work is literally unmoved. He feels the values in the object, not in himself. Art in the present social conditions suffers because, in general, we are neither simple enough nor sufficiently evolved. The simple minds are too sophisticated to take in simple-wise their simple things, although they cannot rise to the subtler and more complex. The simple tale is made over like a peasant girl whose father has struck oil. The trappings of civilization become decivilized by her use. Only growth can remedy the matter, and it is hard for the newly-rich to grow. When you can buy the semblance, why wait for the reality? [404] Leo Stein With the adult, the cultivated, things are not greatly better. They too are oversolicited. They aim at culture. That may no longer be the name by which they call it, but call it what you will, the thing remains the same. The people who pursue exotic literatures, new points of view, new plastic modes, and who go blundering helplessly from season to season in an attempt to catch up with the flux, are getting nothing that answers to a genuine demand. At all events they get nothing that is relevant. Their demand is just a want-to-know, a longing to be in line, and they hug a forlorn hope that if they ever do catch up they will have Pisgah sights. In practice they subsist upon the worst while longing for the best-reputed. The best that they could really use is not alluring to their perverted taste. The remedy can lie only in a sounder education and in a consequently deeper integrity. We all need more than we can individually produce. None is so richly creative as to satisfy completely his need for ideal satisfactions and everyone therefore requires participation in the fantasies of others. Advisedly I say "participation," for in the world of art only that really exists for us in which we do participate. Education so that the appetite be pure, the palate clean; integrity that should make less possible confusion between what one apes and what one is; knowledge that aspiration only slowly grows to realization—these are the conditions of an art-appreciation that is neither debasing nor a sham. [405] The Artist By Alfred Booth Kuttner MUCH has been written about what art is and what it tries to do, but about what the artist is and what he is trying to do, first for himself and then for his audience, comparatively little has been said. And if it is true, as modern aestheticians claim, that all past theories of art have been vitiated by some mythological, religious or philosophic bias, it is also true that the problem of the artist has been neglected because we have falsely separated the product from the producer instead of interpreting the one in relation to the other. But our lack of any satisfactory explanation of man’s artistic activities is really not surprising. Even the most superficial approach to the problem immediately involves us in the deepest psychological complexities and it certainly calls for no very great penetration to realize that psychology is for the greater part still in its infancy. But even if formal psychology has hitherto contributed very little to our understanding of the artist the intuitive psychology which lies behind our actions and our attitudes towards him has furnished us with invaluable clews. Taken separately, and with no attempt to interpret them as a whole, they appear to be arbitrary and contradictory and we can imagine the artist, whom we must expect to prefer our praise and flattery and to reject our strictures, complaining to us somewhat as follows: "You are really much more fickle and capricious than we have ever been reputed to be. You hail us as demi-gods and yet you act as if we were your inferiors. You speak of us as supermen but you treat us like women. You [406] Alfred Booth Kuttner speak of our value to society and yet you let us perish. Before we have succeeded you allow us to starve and after we have triumphed in spite of you, you grant us the liberties that complete our ruin. With your admiration for our work there is always mingled a certain contempt for us or if you exalt us you do so in a manner that tells us that you do not really understand. You acknowledge that we stand apart and yet you quarrel with us because we do not share your reasoned moralities and because our vices are different from yours. You ridicule our love affairs but yet you are jealous of our loves. You would often give your souls to be like us and yet you thank God that you are not like us. Under the circumstances we are more than willing to return your Pharisaism." Such an outpouring would perhaps relieve the artist’s feelings but otherwise it would not help matters. For it would merely embody the truth without changing it or interpreting it for us. But a psychology not born of the classroom, which aspired to move on all fours, might well be tempted to examine this traditional folk attitude towards the artist to see whether there was anything in it and to try to reconcile its apparent contradictions in a deeper synthesis. Psychology is after all nothing more than an interpretation of individual and racial experience. Before we turn, however, to a psychology so boldly confident of its aims, it is perhaps well to consult the testimony of artists about themselves. I turn to a minor artist of no mean ability whose artistic achievements would undoubtedly be greater if they were not tempered by a critical faculty and a fine sense of humor. I reproduce his neglected fable without apologies, for it is in itself a thing of charm. "What are you doing here?" asked the lovers. "I am making yonder sunset immortal," replied the painter complacently. Then he brushed the gray hair from his forehead, adjusted his eyeglasses, and saw that the girl was of such a beauty that she might serve for a model of Hebe. [407] The Artist "I would rather look at the sunset," said the bumpkin who had helped the girl over the stile. "A Philistine objection," said the artist, squinting from his palette to his picture. "Could you paint me?" asked the girl. "I could fix you here so truly," said the painter, "that your man there would see all of young love in the portrait when your face itself has grown old and gray and withered." "Bring me the picture then " said the bumpkin. "For in the meantime I have the woman." And he and the girl moved off together, laughing. "And in the meantime," said the painter, "What have I? I know what life is. I paint it. I sing it. I wrench its meanings from its heart, and expound beautifully its riddles. But do I enjoy it? Do I live? That bumpkin is the wiser—he grasps love while he may: he does not waste time trying to understand ; he lives" And the painter was about to put his foot through the canvas preparatory to renouncing art for the next milkmaid when another thought brought back his look of complacency. "After all," he mused, "how would the bumpkins know they were wiser unless we wise artists told them so?" And that is one of those solacing phrases with which the artist loves to fool himself in the belief that he sacrifices himself, renouncing all pleasures for the benefit of the multitude. Whereas, in reality, he is only amusing himself with something that appeals to him more than real life and live women. In this short fable Don Marquis has poetically stated almost everything that the Freudian psychology has been able to contribute to the problem of the artist. There is good reason to believe that Don Marquis has arrived at his result spontaneously by the self-creative process of interpreting his own artistic endowment. He is not reputed to be a student of Freud the reading of whose books he has probably left to his crony, Hermione, whose assimilative powers continue to astonish the world. His credit is therefore the greater. When artist and scientist meet mankind is likely to be enriched by a new truth. The Freudian psychology has been much pre-occupied with the artist. Indeed it owes a debt to him second only to that which it owes to the neurotic and to the insane. For it has gained its first impetus and fortified many of its conclusions from those types of humanity which are reputed to be [408] Alfred Booth Kuttner either abnormal or super-normal. And in classifying the types of mankind in relation to the two great poles of the principle of reality and the principle of pleasure or of consciousness and the unconscious, the artist is found to occupy a class by himself. If the normal individual persistently seeks to adapt himself to present reality and to emancipate himself from his unconscious to the extent of striking a working basis between the two, whereas the neurotic type is still abnormally dominated by his unconscious, while the insane succumb to it entirely, we have left only two other types, the genius and the artist. The genius is distinguished by the fact that he anticipates the evolution of reality and arrives at conclusions which for the time being are beyond the capacities of normal assimilation. The artist falls between two stools. He avoids a surrender to the unconscious but he cannot adapt himself to reality. He does something in between. He creates an ideal reality. Psychologically the artist hovers between the normal and the neurotic. Every artist shows distinct neurotic traits and at more or less frequent intervals in his career is obsessed by them at the expense of his artistry. Popular opinion, when it is kind to him, recognizes that his pains and sufferings are out of the ordinary. But his sensitiveness is a defect for which he must find compensation and not a virtue, though he may succeed in making a virtue out of it. He has failed in the most important of human tasks; he cannot adapt himself. He cannot get along with the world as it is or with the people that are in it. Thus he rapidly approaches the neurotic and the unconscious which he cannot relinquish in favor of reality threatens to overwhelm him. But he is saved from the blind alley into which the neurotic staggers by a peculiar biological endowment which lies outside of the unconscious; the gift of technique. He does not, however, use this technique like the normal technician to subdue the outer world to his uses. He [409] The Artist has already given too many hostages to the unconscious and remains, during his whole life, comparatively unconscious of the outer world. Instead of harnessing the outer world he succeeds in harnessing his unconscious; he makes its afflictions less intolerable and its pleasures more tangible. The artist is therefore a neurotic who is constantly curing himself. The neurotic and the insane live entirely in their dreams and never come out of them. The normal puts his dreams aside in favor of scientific reality. The artist cannot put them aside but he can give them a form which stimulates reality. He can give them a form outside of himself which has social value. The products of the neurosis have no social value. The hysteric, for instance, is an artist in bodily ailments. He gets rid of his conflicts between reality and his primitive pleasure impulse by giving them unconscious form within his own body. When he sees Don Marquis’ milkmaid he produces a lameness which makes it impossible for him to run after her. He has resigned all realization of his wishes. The artist does not run after the milkmaid, either. He offers to make an image of her which shall be even more beautiful than she is. He is unrealistic towards her, and as a thoroughly healthy milkmaid she laughs at him. The artist has also resigned his wishes. The world as it is, is too much for him and he pretends that it is not good enough for him. Instead of real life and live women, he prefers the life of the imagination and women who are merely ideal. But in so far as he puts his dreams and wishes into beautiful color or tone or form, and recalls a lost beauty or foreshadows a new one, he is creating something real which has a value of its own for the rest of mankind. Art, therefore, represents a compromise between the principles of reality and of pleasure and reconciles them in a way which is entirely unique. "The artist is originally a man," says Freud, "who turns from reality because he cannot reconcile [410] Alfred Booth Kuttner himself to the resignation of instinct satisfaction which reality demands of him and gives free play to his erotic and egotistic wishes in a life of phantasy. But thanks to special endowments, he finds his way back from the world of phantasy to reality by shaping his phantasies into a new form of reality, which people recognize as valuable reproductions of reality. Thus in a manner he really becomes the hero, king, creator, lover that he aspired to be without making the tremendous detour of really changing the outer world. But the only reason why he can attain this is because others feel the same dissatisfaction with the resignations demanded by reality, because the dissatisfaction which results from substituting the principle of reality for the principle of pleasure is itself a piece of reality."* But if the services which the artist renders to society are so precious our contradictory attitude seems all the more inexplicable. Why do we so often abuse and do everything in our power to suppress him or treat him in an even more insulting manner when we say that he is irresponsible and pet him for the whimsies of his behavior like a person who enjoys a fool’s liberty? The answer to these questions is to be found in the artist’s peculiar psycho-sexual constitution. To paraphrase in simple terms what we have said about the artist’s function we may say that he lives in a greater degree of intimacy with his unconscious than that which the normal individual enjoys. It is easier for him to dip back into it. Therein lies the secret of the hitherto little understood process of inspiration. For the artist’s attention is less constantly fixed upon the outer world so that his mental presentations can frequently return into the unconscious whence they then emerge in those symbolic forms which we recognize as artistic creations. But this greater psychic instability is already conditioned by the artist’s *"Formulations of the Two Principles of Psychic Activity." Untranslated. [411] The Artist psycho-sexual constitution. In the scale of evolution from the unconscious to consciousness the artist represents a stage of fixation. His system is full of psychic infantilisms of which he is at the same time the victim and the skillful master. That is why the artist is such a disturber in our social order. If he is the great mediator between phantasy and reality he is also the enfant terrible of the unconscious. The catharsis which he produces in us by his creations serves to rebuke our pride of consciousness and to unite us in the realization of our common unconscious heritage. But he also reminds us how arduous our progress towards reality is, and casts doubts upon the value of the struggle. He invites us to linger and play with him in that divine childhood in which he is content to remain. His infantilisms he cannot avoid and, in fact, they are essential to his art since all aesthetic enjoyment is deeply rooted in our infantile pleasure in rhythm and bright colors and the tactile delight in plastic forms. But he recalls to us that we, too, are not so cleanly emancipated from our more primitive psychic infantilisms as we sometimes think. He hurts us by reminding us of the pain of living, and after he has seduced us for a time by showing us the joy of what life might be in the ideal, we turn again to life as it is and punish him for having revealed our own vacillation. [412] The Music of Ernest Bloch By Paul Rosenfeld THE music of the Genevese composer, Ernest Bloch, is a large, a poignant, an authentic expression of what is racial in the Jew. It is authentic by virtue of qualities more fundamental than the synagogical modes on which it bases itself, the semitic pomp and color that inform it. There are moments when one hears in this music the harsh and haughty accents of the Hebrew tongue, sees the abrupt and passionate gestures of the Hebrew soul, feels the titanic burst of energy that created the race, and carried it safely across lands and times, out of the eternal Egypt, through the eternal Red Sea. It is as if an element that has remained unchanged throughout all the ages, an element that is in every Jew, an element by which every Jew must know himself and his descent, were caught up in it, and fixed there. Strange, that a man born in a Swiss city thirty-six years ago should, out of the circumstances, the vicissitudes of his life, make music shot through with the spirit of the ancient Jews! M. Bloch has composed settings for some of the Psalms that are the very impulse of the Davidic hymns incarnate in another medium. They are scarcely settings. The modern music has the precise accent of the Psalmist. It is as if the genius that once flowered at the court of the king had come to miraculous second blooming. Listen, if you will, to M. Bloch’s "114th Psalm." Is not that exultant music the very voice of the rejoicing over the passage of the Red Sea, the hieratic dance, the lusty blowing on ox horns? Is not the disillusioned soliloquy of the ’cello in the rhapsody "Sche- [413 ] The Music of Ernest Bloch lomo" the voice of the Ecclesiast resigned to the vanity of this world? Did those seers who ordained a Day of Atonement, when the soul stands naked before God, and the spirit lash falls on sinful Man, imagine one different from the vigil evoked for us by the first movement of M. Bloch’s symphony "Israel"? That ontogeny recapitulates philogeny has become a commonplace. And yet, such testimony to the truth of the theory as the music of the Genevese composer remains profoundly moving. M. Bloch’s music is the work of one who has made a compact with life. It is the work of one who has foregone a thousand sensations, a thousand experiences, in order to feel one thing intensely. It is the work of one who has withdrawn himself into the cirque of racial culture, who is aflood with the sentiment of racial unity. Perhaps M. Bloch’s Swiss birth forced the sundering upon him. Switzerland is a country without a national consciousness. The native genius has always realized itself in identification with a foreign culture. Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Madame de Staël became French; Gottfried Keller and Arnold Böcklin, German. M. Bloch went a third way. It was scarcely a conscious procedure with him. Not until non-Jewish friends called his attention to the fact, did he realize (it was the time of the C-sharp minor symphony) that he was creating a racial expression. He had sunk himself into his race. And so his music, because it expresses only a single fragment of modern life, is narrow in range. But compare it with the music of Leo Ornstein, for instance, to ascertain its singleness. The work of the younger man, too, has racial affinities. And yet, a wider sympathy, a more universal contact, may eventually permit a greater facet of the age to mirror itself in his music. The Jewish element in Mr. Ornstein’s art is only one of many elements. In M. Bloch’s it is dominant. M. Bloch has remained in a smaller field. But just because of it, he has gained a certain intensity. [414] Paul Rosenfeld He has been enabled to realize one thing perfectly. It has been given him to materialize life in one of its eternal aspects. M. Bloch’s art is racial not only in impulse, but in materialization as well. The audience present at the Flonzaleys’ performance of the quartet in New York last December found itself confronted with a simple, yet strangely flavored music. The salt and acrid, the fruity, drugging savor of the work, perhaps the loveliest quartet made known to us since the Flonzaleys played Schoenberg’s masterpiece, is new to European music. The work, as well as all the others of M. Bloch’s representative period, is sown thickly with Hebraic themes, themes that have the subtle, fluent, far-flung line of the syna-gogic chants. The symphonic works are of a quite novel coloration. Examine, for instance, the phrases assigned the trumpets in the Psalms and in the "Israel" symphony. The unusual accents, the unusual intervals, give the instruments a timbre at once imperious, barbaric, ritual. How different from the theatric orientalism of Rimsky Korsakow and Bala-kirew are the crude dissonances of M. Bloch’s work, the terrible consecutive fourths and fifths, the impetuous and incisive rhythms, fresh and free as some of Strawinsky’s. Most indubitably racial, however, is the music’s melodic line. The scale of a race, we know, is the inflection of its speech intensified. Since speech is a subconsciously formed idiom, the mode, too, expresses the character of the people. We need but recall the Doric, the Lydian modes, the Spartan and the Asiatic Greeks. M. Bloch’s scale, with its strange intervals, its occasional quarter tones, approximates curiously to the inflections of the Hebrew tongue. And his melody is at once Jewish and original. We see it in all its poignancy in the voice-writing of the Psalms. It brings a new element to music. It is an invention that intimates most clearly the independence, the genius, of the composer. His personality was slow in evolution. The opera "Mac- [415] The Music of Ernest Bloch beth," for instance, written when he was twenty-four, for all its vigor and nervous energy, bears a still undecided signature. The idiom is occasionally derived from Moussorgsky, from Debussy, and perhaps from Strauss. The value of the score lies in the effectiveness of the setting it gives the melodrama cleverly abstracted from Shakespeare’s tragedy by M. Edmond Fleg. The music is quick, intense, forceful, consistently sombre, even though it is scarcely commensurable with the beauty of the original play. It is obviously the uneven work of one still undergoing formation. The personality of M. Bloch begins to manifest itself in the works that followed shortly after. One senses it in the delicate and gay coloring of the two little orchestral sketches "Hiver-Printemps." It is more surely felt in the brilliant and ironic scherzo of the C-sliarp minor symphony, whose verve makes the composer of "L’apprenti sorcier" seem apprentice indeed. Audition of the symphony in February, 1915, caused Romain Rolland to write M. Bloch: "Your symphony is one of the most important works of the modern school. I don’t know any work in which a richer, more vigorous, more passionate temperament makes itself felt. From the very first bars to the end, one feels oneself at home in it. It is wonderful to think that it is an early work. Had I known you at the time you wrote it, I should have told you: ‘You are master of yourself. Continue expressing yourself in the same way, freely and fully, and I will answer for your becoming one of the master-musicians of our time.’ " Certainly, the promise of that symphony has been amply fulfilled for those who have gotten to know the marvelous scores in the composer’s definitive style. How futile, how barren beside the achievement of this man, who has opened himself to the genius of his race, appears the work of the composers who have hitherto represented "Judaism in Music." Was it really infertility of invention that hampered them? In the light of M. Bloch’s music, I begin to [416] Paul Rosenfeld understand their aridity. After all, it had its root in the spiritual war that divided each one against himself. There was operative in each of them a secret desire to escape his race. They were wilfully deaf to the promptings of their being, so firmly planted in the racial soil. They were fugitive from the national consciousness. Rent inwardly, distrustful of their proper reactions, uncertain in their contact with life, what freshness of apprehension and speech was left them? The bourn of impulse was sealed. It was not that they did not write "Jewish" music, express experiences solely Jewish, utilize the racial scales and the melodies. The artist of Judaic extraction does not have to concern himself with exclusively racial subjects. The whole world is open to him. He can express his day as he will. One thing is necessary, however. He must not inhibit any portion of his impulse. He must not attempt to deny his modes of apprehension and realization because they are racially colored. He must possess a certain spiritual harmony before he can be fecund. Whether he expresses his race, or his day, whether he be static or dionysiac, it must be the whole man that enters into the expression. The whole man did not go into the music of those representatives of "Judaism in Music." An inhibited, harried impulse was manifest in each of them. And so, like Meyerbeer, convinced of the worthlessness of their sentiments, they manufactured spectacles for the operatic stage, and pandered to a taste which they, least of all, respected. Or, like Mendelssohn, they tried to express themselves in the alien medium of Teutonic romance, and produced music that resembles most the efforts of a man with marked Yiddish accent who affects a precious English, and interlards it with bits of Keats and Francis Thompson. Or, with Rubenstein, they gloved themselves in a salon style that permanently concealed all vestiges of the human flesh beneath. Some, no doubt, would have been true to themselves. [417] The Music of Ernest Bloch Goldmark is an example. But his desire remained intention only. For his method was a little childish. He conceived it to be the lying on a couch amid cushions, the sniffing of orient perfumes in scent-bottles. He did not realize that the couch was a comfortable German canapee, and that through the "Sabean odours from the spicy shore Of Araby the blest" there permeated the doubtless very appetizing smell oí Viennese cookery. He was no more successful than the renegade others. After all, Wagner’s stricture was just. And yet, they had but to acknowledge, and to accept. They had but to face themselves. They had but to say: "We are what we have ever been," and the way to freedom, and certitude, and self-possession would have been theirs. A mighty ore lay buried within them. They could have refined it. But they turned shamedly away, and donned their flimsy masquerades to hide it further. They wanted courage and humility. And so they arrived at nothing. The lordly gold that lay concealed within the race was not for them. It was for men of different temper. It was for a younger, fresher generation. It was for men in whom the ancient spirit had attained rebirth. It was for men in whom the staunch, stiffnecked will was alive once more. It was for men like Ernest Bloch, afire with a great loyal love. To such, it yields itself. [418] Our Unpublished Masterpieces By Horace Holley WHAT could be said, I wonder, of a race whose publishers, as by some general conspiracy, devoted all their equipment to producing works in foreign languages, issuing only a few books by-native authors, and those far from the best. What could be said? Impossible? Unfortunately, no. With merely a change of terms, not of values, that very condition obtains in America today. Read decorative artist for author, manufacturer for publisher, and the indictment stands. But while it will be admitted that our furniture, our wall paper, our tapestry, all the objects, in fact, which enter into our intimate daily life, are for the most part literal reproductions of foreign periods, the rest being a substratum of ugliness for which our own machines are responsible, many will deny that the analogy holds true,—that decorative art stands upon the same plane as literature. So far as I am aware, indeed, the analogy has never before been made, consequently its denial represents the effect of habit rather than of matured reflection. Thus the first thing to be done by one who, like myself, believes firmly that decorative art is as creative, as self-expressive as literature, is to state it bluntly in order to force the issue. It is, of course, true that in America the arts, miscalled crafts, have never been raised to the creative plane, but it is equally true that this condition is unique among the races. We Americans stand in this respect by merit upon that bad eminence. I cannot discover another [419] Our Unpublished Masterpieces civilization whose characteristic genius has not been expressed in the decorative arts as completely, as satisfactorily, as in its music, its painting, its poetry. And whatever race has temporarily lost its command of the decorative arts, the way out from imitation to creation has ever been pointed by musicians, painters, and men of letters. The fact is, we Americans have established a relationship between consciousness and the written word closer than has been done by any other people. We have come to depend upon books alone for the re-creation which is the province of all the arts in common. Even the motion picture, whose popular appeal alarms many custodians of the literary tradition, while in form dramatic, is actually, in essence, the dime novel and the Sunday newspaper presented by means of an easier alphabet and a simpler grammar. For what screen has yet rendered the value of decorative movement, as the Russian ballet reveals it—the movement of a real picture? What screen has yet achieved the equivalent of those slight gestures, those silences, by which drama rises above the level of mere excitement? So far, indeed, the motion picture is like a canvas given up to a house painter: its present limitations are not inherent in the instrument itself but forced upon the instrument by men trained to a coarser medium. But this preeminence of literature at the expense of decoration is a highly unstable equilibrium which cannot endure. These other tongues by which the soul communicates its passions are not less important than grammar. I do not know how to bring the fact home to minds molded in one particular direction by the forces of habit. The fact remains, however, that the creative instinct, whenever free of wrong habit and mechanical restraint, tends to express itself also through color and line. It tends to accumulate stores of significance and discovery in objects of wood and metal and stuffs and stone, available for the common benefit, exactly as it accumulates those stores of [420] Horace Holley treasure in novels, essays, plays and poetry. And the field of decorative art, when commanded by creative artists and not by mere imitators and draughtsmen, is actually more important, as a social force, than that of literature, because its influence operates more imperceptibly, more constantly, and over wider areas of the population. The pitch to which our national worship of the written word has brought us is exemplified by a law now pending at Washington advocating a literacy test for immigrants ! Is it to be that citizenship in this country must depend upon ability to take in a Sunday newspaper? Is it to be that those fine old peasant stocks of Europe, men and women healthy and self-reliant, devoted to agriculture, among whom also the experience of generations has built up traditions and mastery of the secrets of wood and metal working, must turn back from entering our harbors as undesirables? In truth, if this law represents the American attitude, our spirit has broken faith with enduring reality for the sake of a local convention. But as a matter of fact our left hand consistently undoes what our right hand is doing. We search the world over for beautiful specimens of decorative art to be published in editions de luxe for the rich and popular editions for Everyman, disregarding the fact that the best decorative art has been produced among races largely and joyously illiterate; disregarding also the fact that among ourselves there are artists capable of expressing our own racial genius in the same mediums. I do not relate decorative art with illiteracy as an inevitable phenomenon, but I do insist that America is rich in artists whose creative genius is sterilized by our mechanical reproductions of period styles. We all feel the difference between the characteristic genius of one race and all others, a difference throughout the entire range of social activity. In the case of certain values, as for example, literature, we instinctively realize that a race stands [421] Our Unpublished Masterpieces within its firmest integrity only by developing its own special character to the utmost. As a race, developing along routes largely determined by natural conditions, we feel ourselves perceptibly surer of the way by access to the work of typical American minds like Emerson and Lincoln. Goethe and Edmund Burke could not serve us as our own serve us, and we perceive that from this point of view comparisons between representative authors of different races are unreasonable. Each race must turn first and oftenest to its own sources of inspiration and instruction. But I insist also that the same law or condition applies to the decorative arts. Emerson can be read, Lincoln studied, in homes whose interiors are exact reproductions of Louis Quinze or Rameses the 150th; but the mind which reads and studies under such conditions is a mind largely blinded to the forces of nature and life. It is a mind shut out from many of the sources of our common re-creation. I am at a loss upon this ground, I acknowledge freely, for it is difficult to tell about sight to the blind, and quite as difficult to tell about the re-creative forces of color and line to lives which have never experienced those forces in their true integrity. But I will state my argument, trusting to confirmation from the sheer instinct that persists beneath even the most powerful habit, if not from the experience of all races save our own. A French chateau transplanted from the Seine to Fifth Avenue, or an Italian villa reproduced in Newport, is no longer beautiful. There is no such thing as universal beauty. Beauty is to art what truth is to religion, a relationship and not a doctrine. Truth in religion is the relationship between the spiritual reality and immediate religious or social action, a relationship, that is, between a fixed value and a value constantly altering. It must be continually re-established to exist. Beauty in art is the relationship between personal experience and the forces of nature. A work of art contains ‘beauty’ [422] Horace Holley when those forces have been projected through that special order of experience we call creation upon some medium. When the relationship between art and life breaks down, those forces no longer operate, and ‘beauty’ withers away. Beauty is something men can live by, be re-created by, for it is not a quality but an energy which can be re-experienced in terms of our daily life. Through perverted habit we transplant works of art from their native soil to our own and call them ‘beautiful’; but should we dare transplant an alien religion and call it ‘true’? In this matter of art a vicious circle has been established among us which it is impossible to break. The fiction about ‘beauty’ in art is a literary fiction. It is maintained in books without corroboration from life. Since we Americans live in and by books, the French chateau on Fifth Avenue is ‘beautiful,’ even though its qualities of color and line cannot longer be re-experienced in terms of our daily life. But though the vicious circle cannot be broken, one may over-step it and join those who stand outside. And outside one finds a surprisingly large group whose activity witnesses the truth of my argument. Artists they are, and capable of creative self-expression in the mediums of decoration; American artists, and capable of rendering our racial genius in terms of the experience of every day. They stand between the devil of period styles and the deep sea of the commercialized draughtsman whose wretched designs glut the ever-busy machines. But there is a way out. There is a way out to that time when our homes and our persons will manifest the particular rhythms of force and harmony underlying America and differentiating America from the rest of the world; to that time when our consciousness will be re-created to new possibilities through contact with a homogeneous environment. I propose that just as we have publishers who at their own expense produce books, retaining the author’s name upon his work and paying him a cash price for his manuscript or a [423] Our Unpublished Masterpieces royalty on every copy sold, so let there be for decorative art another order of publisher whose factories instead of books will produce wall papers or furniture or rugs, each article marked with its author’s name, and each sale bringing him a royalty if a cash price has not already been paid the artist by the manufacturer. This plan will establish a legitimate market for artistic ideas, thus insuring a decent living for the artists whose designs meet with popular favor; it likewise establishes a relation between our national genius and the requirements of daily life. It releases the creative artist from his present economic serfdom; it releases the public from its dependence on foreign designs or native ugliness. Everything that enters the day’s work or play should contain something of the re-creative force inhering in all objects whose color and form derives from actual, first-hand experience. From all sides, unconsciously, we should absorb the vital significances released in nature by man’s mastery of the secrets of the various mediums. America is full of unpublished masterpieces, the life work of men and women devoted to the study of wood or metal or clay or stuffs. It is full of men and women who might consecrate their lives to such study could they gain a mere living therefrom. Let no one suppose that all of us are satisfied with business or the professions: at the first signal of release thousands will yield to their secret preference and ambition, and step by step with the building up of the market there will appear new artistic forces by which that may be further extended. What is so marvelous as the rise of the novelist in modern society? We have created no new talent, we have but given expression to talent always present. The desired result can be brought about in two ways. Either the present factories can change their system, admitting the artist to collaboration as the publisher admits the man of letters, or new factories can be built, each one surrounded by a particular group of decorators. The advance can be made by [424] Horace Holley the capitalist toward the artist, or by the artist toward the capitalist. Perhaps the purpose could be served equally well by either method; but I believe that when new instruments of production are established to meet new conditions, much waste ensues, and competition set up between the new and old, to the detriment of the labor market. However, I believe that a fortune awaits the manufacturer enterprising enough to work along these lines, especially if he takes the public completely into his confidence. His intentions with respect to developing American genius should be clearly stated, and his terms to artists widely made known. When, moreover, the false pre-eminence now held by literature in America, to the suppression of other mediums of self-expression, has been readjusted, the result will not be to impoverish either poetry or prose but on the contrary our literature will find available precisely that natural exuberance, that richness of elemental soil for lack of which, in the bad sense of the word, we have ever been colonial to the English tongue. Nervously and spiritually starved for intimate beauty in our daily lives, our over-indulgence in the written word has been an imperceptible but steady retreat from the sources of folk-song and national epic. The American mind, spurning the leaden casket of handcraft, has so far chosen the casket which contains nothing but the head of death. Right relationship between all the arts is the only condition in which any art can manifest its utmost significance, for harmony and completeness in the arts depends on the harmony and completeness of life. [425] Science and Free Verse By Max Eastman A LITTLE BOOK by John Drink-water called "The Lyric" (published by the George H. Doran Co.) has just given me an unusual pleasure. It was like a youthful talk about poetry with one who loves it in the same way as I. Perhaps the pleasure was even greater because, in order to talk with him, I had to lay aside certain prejudices in favor of strictly scientific thinking. I had to agree to be "literary" for a while, and talk about "The Poetic Energy," "The Emotion of Poetry," and so forth, as though these things really exist. Perhaps they do. At least it was good for my cocksure and dogmatic soul to tolerate them for a while, and discover again how much enlivening and agreeable communion of minds can be achieved with such expressions. Years ago a sacrificial devotion to the ideal of scientific method, combined with a study of analytic psychology, put me completely out of love with what is called Literary Criticism, and especially with the courses of instruction in our colleges which go by the name of "Literature" or "English." It seemed to me, and still seems, obvious that the writers and teachers in these departments are dealing in perfectly loose empirical language with a subject-matter upon which exists a true and organized analytic science. I wanted to see them all compelled to study psychology, and write and teach the understanding of literary style as a branch of that discipline. "Literature" is not a science, it is not a discipline; apart from the matter with which it may deal, it is not a "subject" to be taught. It is an experience—a part of life’s experience so important, indeed, that a wise and friendly companion, a sort of playground-adviser, will often be appreciated. Eut so far as there is anything in literature, abstracted from its various subject-matters, that can be taught, it must be a science, and the only science it can be is psychology. Perceiving this fact, I vowed for my part at least, I would never be tempted into these illiterate ways that literary people have of talking about elegant entities that vanish foolishly the moment one enters a laboratory. I have kept this vow nobly and accurately, and it has shut me out, I think, from a good deal of sociable pleasure. And I am glad to record [426] Max Eastman that I fell from grace in the matter of Mr. Drinkwater’s essay, and had a very enjoyable hour. Mr. Drinkwater has more common-sense than most literary people, and also he has very fresh and unconventional perceptions, and for that reason much of what he says might easily be translated into scientific language. For instance he perceives that if the word poetry means anything at all, it must be something that persists through all its forms, and he is not afraid to ridicule the academic distinction of dramatic, epic and lyric poetry. Poetry, he says in effect, is lyric poetry wherever it is poetry. And what poetry is, he comes very near to saying several times—as in this sentence: "Poetry being the sign of that which all men desire, even though the desire be unconscious, intensity of life or completeness of experience, the universality of its appeal is a matter of course." Perceiving this truth, that poetry uses words to increase and intensify experience, Mr. Drinkwater is led to make some wise remarks upon the topic of "free verse." He acknowledges that the writers of free verse can achieve poetry in that form, but he objects in a mild convincing way to their contention that it is a better form than the metrical because it "enables the structure of the verse to keep in constant correspondence with changes of emotion." "The truth is," he says, "that the poetic mood, which is what is expressed by the rhythm and form of verse and may very well be called the emotion of poetry, is not at all the same thing as what are commonly called the emotions, as happiness, despair, love, hate and the rest. And being a relatively fixed condition, it is, for its part, in no need of changing metrical devices for its expression." Now this language is utterly out of touch with the current science of the emotions; and yet I think it is based upon a true discrimination of differences and might be translated into a proposition which could be tested and verified in a laboratory. There is no such thing as an "emotion of poetry," to be sure, but there is a state of the body and mind in which all emotions and sensations, and more especially all imaginations, are intensified—a state of heightened suggestibility, perhaps accompanied by cerebral hyperaemia —a state which can best be described as trance. It is a state in which imaginations verge toward hallucinations —a state approaching hypnosis. And a monotonous metrical pulse is one of the physical agencies which tend to produce this state. That, I believe, is a true theory of rhyme and of what may be called fundamental rhythm, as opposed to the infinite varieties of phrasal music which are elaborated and enjoyed for their own sake in prose as well as in poetry. It is a kind of primitive drug with which we [427] Science and Free Verse liberate ourselves into the mood of imaginative realization. Thus the writers of free verse, while undoubtedly they write poetry, and sometimes great poetry, are not merely freeing themselves from a tradition, but are renouncing one of the agencies peculiarly adapted by nature to accomplish the universal purpose of their art. And this is what Mr. Drinkwater intuitively apprehends. There is no "emotion of poetry’’ engendered by metrical rhythm, and which somehow persists and refuses to mingle with the specific emotions aroused by the poet’s words. But there is an entranced condition in which all emotions, and indeed all conscious experiences are intensified, and that condition is most easily induced by the approximately regular recurrence of a not unpleasant stimulus. It is as though consciousness itself consisted of waves in a fluid, and a direct way to heighten consciousness is to send this undulating impulse along the nerves. Those of us who taste and realize this power that a fundamental meter has, while we may admire and enjoy free verse very much, rarely admire or enjoy the things that free verse "advocates" say about it. For besides assuming that in rejecting meter they are liberating themselves from a purely conventional "ornament," these advocates also assume that this "movement," the underlying meter, is the only musical quality that metrical poetry possesses. Whereas it would be truer to say that metrical poetry possesses this quality in addition to all the other musical values of good literature. James Oppenheim, in The Seven Arts for November, criticising an essay of mine called "Lazy Verse," speaks of metrical poetry as though it were identical with doggerel. "The essential difference," he says, "between meter-poetry and prose poetry is that meter-poetry is one rhythm repeated, and prose poetry is many rhythms blended into a harmony." Now to me it is entirely obvious that when meter-poetry is good enough to be considered at all, it not only contains the one rhythm repeated —that underlying hypnogenic pulse beat we have been considering—but it also contains "many rhythms blended into a large harmony," and any or all of the rest of the delicate values of phrasal music which Mr. Oppenheim informs us that Mr. Saintsbury has declared to be characteristic of English prose. That is what makes good meter-poetry so difficult to create. That is why people who desire to be poets, and yet are intellectually lazy, fall by preference into the free verse habit. They get what they want with less labor. This is not saying that energetic poets never compose free verse. It is not saying that free verse is never good poetry. It is saying that the indolent poets are almost all of them composing free verse, and most [428] Max Eastman of the free verse is lazy. A great deal more of the free verse is lazy than of the metrical verse. Mr. Oppenheim tells a story about Bret Harte’s pacing back and forth distracted and disturbed. His friend asked the trouble. "I’m looking," said Bret Harte, "for a two-syllabled adjective to put before a noun ; but I can only think of one-syllabled words." "Oh," said his friend, "you’re writing a poem." "A poem !" Bret Harte snorted. "If it’d been only poetry I’d have found my word long ago. I’m writing prose." Now we have many such sayings usefully designed to impress laymen with the fact that writing prose is a rhythmic, as well as an imaginative or intellectual art. But these sayings, if taken seriously in their application to the poetic art, simply convict their author of writing doggerel instead of poetry. It is easy to find a two-syllabled word that will fit into an advertising rhyme but to find the words that will make a verse adequately metrical and at the same time preserve all the other values of good writing is a finer task. The poet is composing literature, and to add an underlying meter to the problem of composing literature is to Ed. Note: MAX EASTMAN seems to have a sophistical idea of the poetic art. He seems to think that pretty add something to the problem ; and to add rhyme is to add something else. And since meter and rhyme both have a value in producing poetic states of mind, a value which experimentation can establish, the addition is certainly not merely conventional or assumed for the sake of exclusiveness. It is a genuine utility of the art of poetry. It is a utility very difficult to master, most difficult, perhaps, to those who possess "the gift of rhyme." Eloquence is most difficult to those who possess the "gift of gab." But whether difficult or easy to any individual, it is altogether true in general that the preoccupations of the verse writer are more by the addition of one than the preoccupations of the prose writer. And the more we compose free verse, the more exacting do these preoccupations become, because now the public demands of the met-rist that he have in his music all the variety and naturalness of this other art. The poets will never again be excused for sacrificing any of the merits of good literature to the necessities of their meter and rhyme. That is one excellent benefit that free verse will bring to the poetic art. Poets will continue to write in both forms, but when they write in meter they will have to write supremely well. and enchanting things can be imposed upon verse to make it better. He seems to doubt the indissoluble unity [429] Science and Free Verse of material and form. He is unfair, not so much to the polyphonic poets, as to the traditional metrists. For he implies that in the work of these latter the "monotonous metrical pulse" may be intellectually added to "help produce a certain state" and that "to add rhyme is to add something else." There is a palpable confusion in all this. Any form in any art that is not implicit in that art’s material—and in the artist’s concept—is simply bad. It has no business there. And if it is there, it can have but one result: to detract from the full force of the directly formulated intuition. If the traditional meters act as a "primitive drug" upon the senses, the one excuse is that the poet’s state includes such commanding elements as make the brewing of the drug a major consequence of his creative act. When this harking back to the hypnogenic measures of old verse is the form of a true poem, it means that the poet’s trend is basically in this channel. In this case, it is as factitious to avoid traditional rhyme and rhythm as in another it would be baneful to employ them. If the inspiration of the poet partakes of a complex emotional pattern and if—being a poet—he is able to create this inspiration into form, his output must express that pattern. He will compose a music complex and polyphonic like his conception. In fact there will be no real difference between what he feels and what he sings. And the contemporary soul will find this cadence emotionally active, in a way strictly analogous to the trance effect of the more regular measures. But Max Eastman would enhance this product by adding to it "fundamental meter" and even rhyme. It is plain, however, that by this addition he would effectively destroy the new rhythms that stand as the expression of the poet. If that old rhythm is the right one, it must inevitably be the form the poet takes. If it is not—if another rhythm is — the intrusion would be as false as a piece of point lace draping a marble statue. Moreover, the suggestion that the underlying hypnogenic pulse does not preclude the internal harmonies of a poem is really a begging of the question. If the poem demands as its prime motif the traditional meter, it should have it. If the blending of metric counterpoint is, on the other hand, in the poem’s underlying impulse, then that polyphony and no other must so prevail. It looks, indeed, as if a treacherous conservatism was eating Max Eastman up. He is emotionally so at home in the chants of conformity, in the rhythm of barbarity, in the era of the tom-tom that a form of poetry projecting man’s individual revolt and society’s coherent heterogeneity disturbs him. And he is driven to subtle rationalization to buttress his distaste. The reign of the rhyme and the [430] Max Eastman regular meter was the reign of the old orders. It reflected faithfully, as art must always, a state of imposed law, of crowd-belief, of simplicity organized through broad exclusions and deep omissions. This poetry was good, when it was true. And the order it formulated we still have over- whelmingly with us. But a new dawn has been breaking, these few hundred years—the dawn of a more complex and self-conscious freedom. And it is now finding its materialization in the arts. It is unbelievable that Max Eastman, of all men, should be even fractionally against it. W. F. Psychoanalysis the New and Vital Science Authorized translations of remarkable books that are of especial interest to educators, medical men and others who want to know something of the mysteries of the subconscious By DR. SIGMUND FREUD Translations by A. A. Brill, Ph. B.t M. D. WIT AND ITS RELATION TO THE UNCONSCIOUS This book by the man who has interpreted mankind’s dreams and who has lifted the veil from the hidden wishes of our unconscious soul life will, perhaps, even more than former books of Freud, appeal to the general public. To the student of psycho-analysis it is indispensable. 8vo. Price $2.50 net LEONARDO DA VINCI To the followers of Freud and students of the Freudian theories, this translation of Freud’s psycho-analytic character study of the great Italian painter will come as a valuable addition to their material on the subject of psychoanalysis. 12 mo. Illustrated. Price $ 1.25 net By DR. OSKAR PFISTER Translation by C. R. Payne, M. D. THE PSYCHOANALYTIC METHOD Dr. Sigmund Freud says: "A book like this of Pfister’s, which will make the analysis known to educators, will be assured of the gratitude of future generations." Dr. G. Stanley Hall says: "Pfister certainly has the rare ability to condense, elucidate and to take us to the heart of the problems." 8vo. Price $4.00 net By DR. ALFRED ADLER Translation by Bernard Glueck, M. D. and John E. Lind, M. D. THE NEUROTIC CONSTITUTION This book contains the most important results of Dr. Adler’s comparative, individual-psychologic studies of the neurosis; showing the value of the method of individualistic psychology in the problems of mental life. 8vo. Price $3.00 net Moffat, Yard &amp; Company, Publishers, new york city [431] PLACE DE LA CONCORDE place de PARIS A A New Year's Greeting from France. Here am I and sounds sisä-ssää. S9"?3ter of r6-aotlB°o?'otbeIBl-- ani tW*. S« *Sëss s -, 'ï°° Ured’. pog-tirea	^ . of toy C0U1 Vl^'gue38 ^hat 3k°u];tal éventa 0f the mental Of my ianà- £5trHfeuen-; Thoughts. i a	L ,,.. i, .in .»i TEAR OUT ALONG THIS LINE AND MAIL TODAY TO THE NEW REPUBLIC. 421 WEST 21st STREET. NEW YORK CITY Any bit of free verse that you may send _ 	.	, to the Circulation Manager will be seri- Send an Acquaintance Subscription to_ ously considered for publicity purposes if it is accompanied by a dollar bill for an Acquaintance Subscription (17 issues). It	— will be considered even more seriously if  . it is accompanied by a four dollar check Send a year s subscription to_ for a year’s subscription. It will be given abject consideration if the check is for five dollars which will bring you a year’s--—-—-- subscription and introduce The New Republic to a friend.	(Amount enclosed $	) Distinctive Furniture Rugs, Interior Decorations for Homes and Offices Modern and Period Designs Direct from manufacturer to you at practically wholesale prices. An appointment will render you that service so much desired by discriminating people. C. E. SCHAFFNER 132 Madison Avenue, at 31st Street NEW YORK CITY Telephone: Madison Square 6 290 Three Interesting Books by Horace Holley "Read-Aloud" Plays Nine one-act plays in a new manner. MITCHELL KENNERLY	S1.00 NEW YORK Bahaism: The Modern Social Religion "A work which may influence to no small degree the trend of religious reform’. ’ —Christian Commonwealth, London MITCHELL KENNERLY	$2.00 NEW YORK SIDGWICK and JACKSON	5 s. LONDON The Social Principle An illuminating study of society as the inter-relation of six different spiritual types. "Where one man’s mind leaves off, another’s mind begins." LAURENCE J. GOMME	S .75 NEW YORK ANNA PARMLY PARENT LITERARY AGENT 291 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK After many years of editorial experience with Harper A Brothers. Miss Paret offers to criticise, revise, and place manuscripts for writers. Terms sent on application. Why Not Consider Your Friends ? If you have a discriminating friend who is not yet a reader of The Seven Arts, won’t you please send his name to the Business Manager, and we will mail him a sample copy. Consider your friends, and send a name today lest you forget. Thank you. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. 132 Madison Ave.	New York FREDERICK Keppel &amp; Co ETCHINGS BY REMBRANDT WHISTLER MERYON HADEN, ZORN AND OTHER MASTERS ON EXHIBITION IN OUR GALLERIES 4EaST 39th ST NEW YORK [pgbrk]