Poetry, a Magazine of Verse . THE MAY CRISIS 1917 President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY DR. J. E. SP1NGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD II. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of PubliREV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST ROY NASH, Secretary JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDGN JOHNSON, Field SecreOSWALD GARRISON VILLARD tary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS JANEChicago  ADDAMS PROF.Washington  GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV.New York  HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY Boston JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore BISHOP JOHN HURST DR. F. N. CARDOZO Springfield, Mass. REV. G. R. WALLER Brooklyn DR. V. MORTON JONES DR. 0. M. WALLER New Haven GEORGE W. CRAWFORD Philadelphia DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR MRS. FLORENCE KELLE Y PAU L KENNADAY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDI'N DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL LILLIAN D. WALD WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The fight for 1917 is to be against DISFRANCHISEMENT and JIM CROW CARS. If this is your fight, join and support us. Date , 1917. Membership Blank The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Sir: I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street g.a...... . »v • * c» • t c $ t ;;City arid State" .7 .V MENTION THE CRISIS TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917 by the Nationa Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for May, 1917 PICTURES Page COVER. Posed by Miss Anita Thompson (see page 34). FRENCH AFRICAN TROOPS 29 FROM BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 30 ARTICLES "THERE WAS ONE TIME." A Story. By Jessie Fauset. Parts IV. and V. 11 THE MAN WHO NEVER SOLD AN ACRE. By J. B. Woods 15 A SONNET. By G. Douglas Johnson 17 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 7 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 18 THE OUTER POCKET 19 THE LOOKING GLASS 22 MEN OF THE MONTH 31 THE HORIZON 34 THE CRISIS for June The June CRISIS will contain a careful study of the Exodus from the South and a story by Mrs. Pendleton: "Aunt Caroline's Sheaves." The cover will be by Battey. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 'iimiMMiimiiinmiiiwiiiniimiiminimimMiroimn^ The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "I cordially commend the school's interest, and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." Rev. D r. ChaSles H. Parkhurst, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. School term opens October 3, 1917. For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. The A. &amp; T. Summer THE CHEYNEY TRAINING School SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. Eighteenth Annual Session be For reasonably mature students who have gins June 25, 1917, and continues a good secondary school preparation, and who five weeks. Two weeks' Instidesire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in academic tute also. work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, Growing older, better and wood and metal working, and agriculture. stronger. Last summer applicaBoard and laundry privileges for the year $100. Fall term begins Wednesday, Septem tions greatly exceeded capacity. ber 19, 1917. Teachers, therefore, should send The Summer School for Teachers, from Registration Fee and secure July 5 to August 2 inclusive, will this year offer primary methods, English, mathematics, lodging in advance. history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For terms, catalog or other working, physical training, and gardening. information, address Dormitory space is limited, and applications should he made early. Cost for the four President J. B. Dudley, weeks $15,00. Agricultural &amp; Technical College, For further information write to LESLIE PINCKNET HILL, Greensboro, N . C. Principal. Mention T he Ciisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans. La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High. School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For full information, address J . T. Cater, Registrar. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The test school for Negroes in the State"— Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity- School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y . M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN . Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September 27, 1917. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. I. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention the crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 40 Teachers and Workers Over 600 Students Talladega College Rev. F. A. SUMNER, President TALLADEGA, ALABAMA A School for Training Leaders Positive Christian Influence EQUIPPED FOR STANDARD WORK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS Twenty Buildings Four Laboratories Modern Hospital Electric Light Library of 16000 Volumes Athletic Field Steam Heat Pipe Organ Good Board Hot and Cold Water Model Farm Expense Low Departments and Courses Scientific Bible Institute Domestic Science and Arts Classical Academy Nurse Training Education Conservatory of Music Manual Training Theological Agriculture Printing For Catalog and Information, address THE DEAN, Room 21, Talladega, Alabama THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 ST. MARY'S SCHOOL A n Episcopal boarding school for girls, unde r the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Four years Academy or High School. Five years Normal Course. Two years Pre-Medical Course. Four years College (A. B.) Course. $75 to $125 pays necessary expenses for a year. Harry Andrews King, President. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good '• taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre. —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. MORGAN COLLEGE AND BRANCHES John O. Spencer, President. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: Central, in great college town between North and South. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, music, advanced education, collegiate,—appropriate degrees. INSTRUCTORS: College and university trained. Seven colleges and universities represented in faculty. DORMITORIES: For a limited number, furnished. TERMS : Very reasonable. DEAN : William Pickens, Llt.D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern Branch of the Maryland State College of Agriculture.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern Shore of Maryland, Somerset County. COURSES: Preparatory, normal. Industrial, domestic sci ence, music. INSTRUCTORS: College and technically trained. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS : Free tuition; other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Klah, A .M. SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS: June 25th to August 3rd. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE AND INDUSTRIAL INSTI TUTION, Lynchburg, Va. LOCATION: On beautiful hill, suburbs of growing city. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, domestic science garden ing, music. INSTRUCTORS: College trained: carefully selected. DORMITORIES: Furnished; steam heat; accommodations for fifty girls; carefully supervised. TERMS : Within the reach of all PRINCIPAL: Lee M. McCoy, A .M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25. 1917. Stenography Typewriting Book-keeping THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1. Short Courses in Typewriting 2. Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3. Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping We typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 SO. 17TH STREET. PHILADELPHIA. PA. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery c . Bridges System. special Courses in Designing. Copying, Draping Making, Trimmingt Finishing, Cutting and Fitting special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taxing two or more consecutive courses Individual Instruction. A Bridge* Diploma means something to you. means 448 E . 35th St. chicago, Ill. Mention The Crisis T H E CRISIS Vol. 14-No. 1 MAY , 1917 Whole No. 79 Editorial A CALL TO COUNSEL. THE times demand that the leaders of the American Negro counsel together as to the best course of action present and future. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People hereby calls a National Conference to meet in the City of Washington May 17 to 19, 1917. Not only our own branches throughout the land, but organizations of all kinds are asked to send delegates to take counsel with us and to see the award of the Spingarn medal for distinguished achievement during 1916. A NEW WORD. WE need a new word in our vocabulary to express that which we formerly expressed by the word "demo cratic." That word formerly expressed "respect for the rights of the common people." It meant sympathy and consideration and justice. Today the word—both by derivation and by actual experience—means the "authority of the people" and it means frequently an ignorant and unjust authority. To be democratic means merely servile conformity to the will of the majority, even when it is ignorant or unjust, or it means arrogant and intolerant exercise of the political power of the majority. We need, therefore, a new word to express that idea of sympathy and consideration for the people which is neither servile nor arrogant. One of our great thinkers, discussing this need, makes these observations as to the type of man which in former times we would have called "democratic" and the new word which we should use to describe him: "It seems evident that our ethical educa tion must be carried on further than it has been in the past. The individual conscience must be strengthened and rendered more independent and at the same time it must have more imaginative sympathy so as to realize that public righteousness can only be attained by union with other wills and consciences that are in many ways diverse. . . . "When one comes to try to indicate a moral attitude which involves the union of a good many qualities which are not usually found together, one has to fall back on a person in whom they were actually united. 'Lincoln-like' comes nearer expressing what we have in mind. It is no blind following of the will of the majority but it does have a confidence that when a just and reasonable course of conduct is discovered and when time is given for its presentation in the right way the majority of men will approve of it. . . . "That was Lincoln's attitude when in the Douglass controversy he deliberately shocked the majority of the moment, know ing, also, that what he was doing was 'good politics.' . . . "The word 'democratic' is liable to mis conception when used for ideal ends. What I should like to use would be the word 'socialistic,' if it were not preempted by the Socialists. The awareness on the part of the individual of his real relations to society as a whole, and his free acceptance of all the responsibilities involved in those relations would make rather a different kind of man." The phrase "Lincoln-like," suggested by this writer, expresses the thought I wish to express—"independence," coupled with "imaginative sympathy for others." That is the thought the word "democratic" used to express but now, unfortunately, does not. GEORGE G. BRADFORD. THE CRISIS THE WORLD LAST MONTH. KP^g i THRE E vast events stand out: WES the Russian freedom, sufIxf§H frage for English women, k»m8 and War. I envisage the rise of Russia in one picture. Catherine Breshovsky returning from Siberia, after a lifelong fight, after all seemed lost. So some day a black woman will ride down the world crying, "Disfranchisement is done! 'Jim-Crow' cars are gone! Segregation is past! I am an American!" The English suffragettes did not hesitate when war came. They were English and although bowed beneath age-long insult and injustice, they fought for England. So will we black men fight against Germany for America. God grant us freedom, too, in the end. War! It is an awful thing! It is Hell. It is the end of civilization. It is an appeal to barbarism; yet it comes. Bad as it is, slavery is worse; German dominion is worse; the rape of Belgium and France is worse. We fight shoulder to shoulder with the world to gain a world where war shall be no more. LOYALTY. NOTHIN G better illustrates the attitude of the Bourbon South than the recent tales about German propaganda among Negroes. Slowly, but surely the Negro is winning his fight. Despite wretchedly inadequate schools, peonage, low wages and public insult, the Negro is getting education, buying land and homes and migrating slowly but surely to a land of liberty. The slave-thinking South is beset by fear of losing these peons either by migration or by their regaining their lost franchise. Any tale or propaganda by which the Bourbon South can get the country to believe the Negro is a menace would play straight into the hands of the slaveholders. Martial law would be declared in the South and this is what the reactionaries want: to stop migration. They are playing with fire! The Negro is far more loyal to this country and its ideals than the white Southern American. He never has been a disloyal rebel. He never fought for slavery in a land of Liberty. He never nullified the basic principles of democracy because he hated the people whom he had hurt! Enslaved, raped and despised though he has been and is, the Negro knows that this is his country because he helped found it, fought for its liberties and ever upheld its ideals. No temptation to trust German race-hatred has ever been offered and if offered would not for a moment have been considered. Back of the German mask is the grinning skeleton of the Southern slave driver. THE MIGRATION. THE migration of Negro laborers from South to North continues as it should. Southern white papers are filled with contradictory statements; to-day, with editorials ridiculing the exodus, painting fearsome pictures of the awful condition of the emigrants and chronicling their wholesale return; tomorrow come editorials bewailing the loss of labor and crying for drastic measures to enslave the black peons. . Meantime the truth is clear: the demand for black workers in the North is unprecedented; after the war the demand will continue because not for a generation will immigration from Europe rise to appreciable figures. There are not jobs for everybody; there is no demand for the lazy and casual, but trained, honest colored laborers are welcome in the North at good wages, just as they are lynched in the South for impudence. Take your choice! EDITORIAL THE NAVAL RULER. WHE N the United States takes possession of foreign territory it sends to govern it a naval officer. But Lima, Ohio! There a mob attempted to lynch a Negro but was foiled by the brave sheriff. The ring leaders of the mob were arrested and the sheriff writes us: "We have one serv naval officers are not trained to govern. They are trained to fight! They have made no study of social organization, of human development of industrial organization; if they are not quite unsympathetic, it is no fault of their training or of the traditions of their caste; yet, to-day they are well-nigh absolute masters in Nicaragua, San Domingo, Hayti and the erstwhile Danish West Indies. It would be impossible to conceive a more dangerous or foolhardy experiment. A MORAL VOID. THERE can be no doubt but that the South is lacking in certain moral stamina which must be found among suc cessful, forward-striving people. Recently, for instance, the press of the country went wild over the brave action of Governor Stanley of Kentucky. What then ? This same Governor Stanley is apparently going to allow the rescued victim of that mob to be lynched by court under forms of law. There would seem to be no reasonable doubt but that Lube Martin killed Guthrie Diuguid in self-defense after Diuguid had followed him for a year and sworn to kill him. Yet Martin is sentenced to death and the Governor dares not raise his voice. So too in South Carolina. A man is lynched because he is a self-respecting, wealthy Negro citizen who refuses to let a dirty mob publicly whip him. Governor Manning makes brave professions and sends them out through the associated press yet to-day every single lyncher is free and unindicted. The Governor does nothing and will do nothing. How different is the tale at ing time in the Ohio Penitentiary, three serving time in the Mansfield Reformatory, one locked up in Ottawa Jail waiting return of Court of Appeals, one out on $1,500 bond waiting answer from Court of Appeals, for a new trial, several that we could not get the strongest of evidence against that came in and pleaded guilty that got suspended sentences by paying costs which amounted anywhere from $25 to $50, and are under our watch for one year to see that they don't drink and do anything bad, and we surely have our eyes on them and will continue so. I also have one locked in the county jail yet awaiting his trial, several to try yet, and about four who were indicted that we have not been able to locate yet. We have them whipped here and I hope and pray that our steps here in this matterwhere."  will have its effect everyA SUGGESTITHE RepublicanON. party is on the rocks. The disfranchised Negro sees light but dimly. The disfranchised woman is still disfranchised in the vast majority of inhabited states. Suppose these three groups strike a simple bargain: Let them work for a Constitutional Amendment basing representation in Congress on the actual vote cast for president in each state. We pause for reply. REGISTER AND VOTE. IT is of prime necessity that the colored people of the South should begin to break down the "white primary." The N . A . A. C. P. proposes to take the matter of the "white primary" into the THE CRISIS courts just as soon as it can get a proper case. But the effective way to beat the "white primary" is through registering and voting on the part of the colored South. In Columbia, S. C , recently some six hundred Negroes registered. Immediately the dominant oligarchy became scared. "What do you want?" they asked, expecting a demand for a bribe. "We want," said the colored voters after careful consultation, "a new high school building." They got not only a fifty thousand dollar high school but one hundred fifty thousand dollars worth of improvements in their streets. What was done in Columbia is possible all over the South. The Negro must work not only for his own uplift, but he can work for the uplift of the whole South, especially when the white politicians seek to force upon cities and states men whom it would be shameful to put in public office. In At lanta, Ga., the white nominee for mayor several years ago was a notorious drunkard who was arrested in a bawdy house just before election. It was Negro votes that put a decent mayor in his place despite the "white primary." The colored women of Arkansas have the chance of their lives. The legislature has given the vote to women "in the primary elections." They expect only white women to vote in the Democratic primary; but a Republican primary should be organized forthwith, and colored women should vote in it. Some one should apply at the Democratic primary and if refused should take the matter to the courts. It is the chance of a lifetime. Let us not miss it. THE WHITE CHURCH. SEVERA L white ministers of New York City have recently been assailing the Negro "invasion of Harlem." "The color question," they say, "is a great menace to us." In something the same way, we take it, the Gentiles were "a menace to the Jews" until Jesus Christ preached a new and very unpopular gospel which the reverend doctors of that day stopped by a timely crucifixion. The same spirit is evident in the Chicago Standard, a Baptist publication. The Standard is exercised because the editor of the CRISIS told the students of More house College that lying about their ambitions and aspirations was no way to settle the race problem. He says: "Some of Dr. DuBois' hearers could not help admiring his passion for honesty while at the same time wondering whether this fundamental virtue might not be so accentuated as to delay indefinitely the solution of the great race problems confronting the nation. "We believe that Professor Du Bois, in his passion for frankness, is perhaps in danger of forgetting the injunction of Paul to speak the truth in love." We would like to overhear St. Paul explain to this gentleman that truth with love is not truth with lies. It is precisely here that the white church is failing. It dare not listen to the truth about present con ditions. It dare not inveigh against the thief who is at the bottom of mod ern industrial organization. It dare not say of the Negro "love your neighbor as yourself." Compelled to be dumb on these great matters of morality and decency it turns to Hell and Damnation and summons Billy Sunday to preach it. This is the course that is spelling moral bank ruptcy for white Christianity. Is there not a spirit of moral leadership in this powerful aggregation of men that can touch with mighty hands our real problems of modern life and lead us? And if there is not, does the editor of the Standard and do the white ministers of Harlem believe that their brand of religion can endure ? Awake! put on thy strength 0 Zion! "THERE WAS THERE WAS TIME A SroRy OF ASPRING By JE S S I E FAUSET I. to III. ANNA RITTER, a pretty brown school-teacher played truant one spring day and went strolling in the park. Her little cousin, Theophilus, had spilled cocoa on her school clothes, so she wore her best blue gown. This made her dream of the story of the little Shepherdess and the Prince which her French class was painfully putting into English. Then suddenly came the unpleasant advances of a white tramp, but a brown and curly haired stranger rescued her and they sat down together quite entranced and had a long talk, until Anna had to hurry home before either had learned the other's name. IV. Not until June did Anna encounter the little shepherdess again. She settled down the night before the lesson was due to read it with a great deal of interest. Her meeting with "the prince," as she always called the strange young man, had left on her a definite impress. She wondered if ever she would ONE TIME" 'UNCLE DICK. meet him again, and wished ardently that she might. Her naivete and utter lack of self-importance kept her from feeling piqued at his failure to hunt her up. She wondered often if life still seemed interesting to him, found herself borrowing a little of his high ardor. On the whole, her attitude toward "the adventure," as she loved to call it, was that of the little shepherdess and she brought back from that day only a mind "garlanded with pleasant memories." Perhaps, she thought fancifully that Thursday evening,—the shepherdess meets the prince again and he gives her a position , as court-artist. And she opened the little text to find out. But that lesson was never prepared, for Theophilus came in at that point with a bleeding gap in his head, caused by falling off a belated ice wagon. The sight of blood always made Mrs. Fetter sick, so Anna had the wound to clean and bind and Theophilus to soothe and get to bed. 12 THE So as it happened all she could do was to underline the new words and get their meaning from the vocabulary and trust to the gods that there would be no blind alleys in construction. Anyone but Anna would have foreseen the end of that fairy-tale. For the prince, with the utter disregard for rank and wealth and training which so much fails to distinguish real princes, sought out the little shepherdess, who had been living most happily and unsuspectingly with her little sheep and her "so pleasant souvenirs" (so said Miss Selena Morton in translation) , and besought her to marry him and live forever in his kingdom by the sea. " 'Oh, sky!' (thus ran Miss Morton's rendition for the French of 'Oh, heavens!'). 'Oh, sky!' exclaimed the shepherdess, and she told him she would accompany him all willingly, and when the prince had kissed her on both jaws they went on their way. And if you can find a happier ending of this history it is necessary that you go and tell it to the Pope at Rome." Thus, and not otherwise, did Miss Selena Morton mutilate that exquisite story! But Miss Fetter was too amazed to care. Moreover, Tommy Reynolds and some of the other pupils had translated very well. Perhaps the work in grammar had been the best thing, after all—and perhaps she, too, was becoming a better teacher, she hoped to herself wistfully. "I'm very much pleased with the work you've done to-day," she told the class. "It seems to me you've improved greatly—particularly Master Reynolds." And Master Reynolds, who was cleaning the black-boards, smiled inscrutably. All the way home Anna pondered on something new and sweet in her heart. "But just think—the first part of the story had come true, why shouldn't the second? Oh, I wish, I wish " She rushed into the "front-room," where Theophilus sat, his small broken head bandaged up, picking indefatigably at his banjo, and hugged him tumultuously. He took her caress unmoved, having long ago decided that all women outside of aunts and mothers were crazy. "Look out, you'll break my new strings," he warned her. And she actually begged his pardon and proffered him fifteen cents towards the still visionary ukulele. CRISIS One can't go far on the similarity between one incident in one's life and the promise of a French fairy-tale. "Still things do happen," she told herself, surprised at her own tenacity. "Think of how Mr. Allen came into Mrs. Walton's that night and changed my whole life." She went to bed in a maze of rapture and anticipation. Her mother was interested in a bazaar and dinner for the bazaar workers in the Methodist Church, but she had quarrelled with one of the sisters and she meant to go and arrange her booth and come back, so she shouldn't have to eat at the same table with that benighted Mrs. Vessels. "I'd rather eat stalled oxen by myself all my days," she told her daughter Saturday morning, "than share the finest victuals at the same table as Pauline Vessels." "Oh, mother," Anna had wailed, "how can you say such things? 'Stalled oxen' is the choice thing, the thing you are supposed to want to eat. You've got it upside down." "Well, what difference does it make?" her mother had retorted, vexed for once. "I'm sure I shouldn't like the stuff, anyway. They'd probably be tough. Don't you let Philly stir out of this house till I come back, Anna. I don't want him to hurt hisself again. Do you think you can manage everything? I swept all the rooms yesterday but the kitchen. There's only that to scrub and the dusting to do." Anna nodded. She was glad to be alone, glad to have work to do. She sent Theophilus out to clean up the side yard. She could hear him aimlessly pattering about. "Ann," he called. She had finished scrubbing and all the dusting, too, except in the "front-room," which her mother would keep full of useless odds and ends— sheaves of wheat, silly bric-a-brac on whatnots. Ordinarily she hated it, but to-day —"to be alive"—her mind, not usually given to poetical flights, halted—"to be alive," no, "to be young," that was it, "to be young was very heaven." And he had said in the queerest way, "you didn't say she met a prince." If she could just find out something about him, who he was, where he lived, who was his mother's youngest sister. Why, what had she been thinking about to let two months go by without making any inquiry? True, she "THERE WAS ONE TIME" didn't know many colored people in Mary-town, she had never bothered—she had been so concerned with her own affairs— but her mother knew everybody, positively, and a question here or there! Oh, if he only knew how the story ended! She became poetical again—"Would but some winged angel ere too late." She had to smile at that herself. Yet the winged angel was on the way in the person of Theophilus. He couldn't have adopted a more effective disguise. "Ann," he called again. "C'n I go fishin' now with Tommy Reynolds? I've found all these nice worms in the garden, they'll make grand bait. Aunt (he pronounced it like the name of the humble insect) won't mind. She'd let me go 'n the air '11 be good for my head," he wheedled. Anna, dusting the big Bible, hardly turned around. "No," she told him vigorously, "you can't go, Philly. You must stay till mother comes—she'll be here pretty soon, and you wash your hands and study your lessons a bit. Your last report was dreadful. Tommy Reynolds is only one year older than you and there he is in the second year of the seminary and you still in the graded schools. He plays, but he gets his lessons, too." And then Theo began to rustle his wings, but neither he nor his cousin heard them. "Oh, pshaw!" he retorted in disgust. "Tommy don't get no lessons. Someone around his house 's always helpin' him—he don't do nothin'. Why, his mother always does his drawin' for him." "I don't know about his drawing," re torted his cousin, "but I know he does his French. He had a beautiful lesson yester day. Don't laugh like that, Theophilus, it gets on my nerves." For Theophilus was laughing shrilly, which perhaps drowned the still louder rustling of the wings. » "There you go," he jibbed, "there you go. He doesn't do his French at all, his uncle does it for him; he did it Thursday night when I was there. I heard him and I ain't tellin' any tales about it, neither," he put in, mistaking the look on her face, "for he said you'd be interested to have him do it for Tommy. He said he'd tell you about it the next time he saw you." "Theophilus Jackson, you're crazy. I never saw Tommy Reynolds' uncle in my life. I don't even know where they live." "Well, he's saw you," the child persisted and hesitated and looked puzzled—"though he did ask an awful lot of questions about you as if he didn't know you. Well, I don't know what he meant, but he did Tommy's French for him, I know that!" he ended in defiance. Some faint prescience must have come to her mind, for she spoke with unwonted alertness. "He asked about me?" she insisted. "Sit down here, Theo, and tell me all about it. Who is his uncle?" "Oh, I don't know, you needn't hold me so tight. I ain't goin' to go. Uncle Dick, Tommy calls him, Uncle Dick somethin'— oh— Winter—Mr. Richard Winter I heard Mrs. Reynolds call him. 'Now see here, Mr. Richard Winter,' she said to him—and she's his aunt, Anna, ain't that funny?—and he's bigger'n she and older, I guess, 'cause she looks awful young. I thought aunts were all old like Aunt Em." She was sure now, and this miserable little boy had known all along. She alternately longed to shake him and hug him. She restrained both desires, knowing that the indulgence of either would dam the fount interminably. "Go on, Philly," she begged him. "Maybe I can get Sid Williams to let you have the ukelele right away and you can pay him on the installment plan." 'Well, ain't I tellin' you? Tommy and me, we wanted to go to the movies and his mother said, 'No,' he'd got to get all his lessons first, and Tom winked at me and said he had 'em all, and his mother said, 'Not your French,' and Tommy said, 'Well, Uncle Dick's well again now, c'n I ask him to-night?' And just then his uncle walked in and said, 'Hullo, what's it all about?'— he talks so funny, Anna, and Tommy said, 'Please do my translation!' His mother said, 'Not till he's reviewed the first part; then, he hasn't seen the part for two months, because he's been studying something else.' And his uncle said, 'AH right, hurry up, kid, because I must pack, I've got to go away again to-morrow.' And that was when Tommy's mother said, 'Well, Mr. Richard Winter, do you own the railway? Why don't you stay in one place? You've been here and gone again four times 14 THE in the last two months!' And he said, 'Oh, Nora, I'm looking for something and I can't find it.' And she said, 'Did you lose it here?'—and he answered, awful sad, 'I think I did.' Why doesn't he buy another one, whatever it is, Cousin Anna?" "I don't know, dear. Go on—did he say anything else?" "Uh, huh—my but your face is red! And he said, 'Hit it up, Thomas-kid,' and Tommy opened the book and began to read all the silliest stuff about a lady in a park tending goats in a blue dress, and he said, his uncle did, 'What's that? What's that?' and he snatched the book away and looked at it, and he said in the funniest voice, 'I thought you said you were study-in' German all along. I never realized till this minute. Who's your teacher, Thomas?' And Tommy said you was. And he said, 'What does she look like?' Tommy said, 'She's awful cute, I must give her that, but she is too darn strict about her old crazy French,' and I said you was my cousin, and I told him not to get gay when he talked about you and if you was strict he needed it. And Mr. Winter said, 'Rightoh!' and asked me a lot of questions, and I said, no, you weren't pretty, but you were awful nice looking and had pretty skin and little feet, and he asked me did I ever spill a cup of cocoa in your lap." She was on the floor now, her arms around him. "And what else, Philly. Oh, Philly, what else?" "Lemme go, Ann, ain't I tellin' you?" He wriggled himself free. "Oh, yes, and then he said, 'Where does she live?' I said, 'With me, of course,' and he said, 'Here, in Marytown?' and I said, 'Yes, 37 Fortner street, near North,' and he said— oh, he swore, Ann—he said, 'My God, to think she's been here all this time. Here, boy, gimme that book,' and he sat down and started to read the old silly stuff to Tommy, and I ran out and jumped on the ice wagon and got my head busted. And will you get me the ukelele, Anna?" She would, she assured him, get him anything, and he could go fishing and she would explain to Aunt Emmeline. "And here, take my apron upstairs with you. Why didn't you tell me before, Philly?" "Well, what was there to tell, Anna?" he asked her, bewildered. CRISIS PART V. As soon as her mother should come in she'd bathe and dress and go out—but where? After all she was a girl, she must stand still, she didn't even know Mrs. Rey nolds. But she could go by the house— yes, but he was to go away Friday, Theo said—why he had gone. Well, he would come back. The gate clicked. A t least, she could tell her mother. But she was crazy—she had only seen him once—well, so had the shepherdess seen the prince only once. Her mother would have to understand. What an age she was talking to one of those old Dorcas society sisters! She ran to the door and, of course, it was he on the steps, his hand just raised to knock. Together they entered the room, silent, a little breathless. Even he was frightened. As for Anna "You knew I was coming," he told her. "I didn't find out until Thursday. Somehow I thought you lived in another town. You know you said the shepherdess had come such a long, long way, and I thought that meant you had too, and I was afraid to ask you. Oh, I've hunted and hunted, and Tommy, the rascal, told me he was crazy about German because he wanted some illustrated German books he saw in my trunk, and I thought he was studying it," he rushed on breathlessly. "And Thursday night I had to go right away to New York to be sure about something, before I dared to talk to you. And I'm to be a social settlement worker, and I can talk and talk and tell people about all those things," he ended lamely. Anna stood silent. "Anna, I thought, I hoped, I wondered" —he stammered. "Oh, do you think you could go with me—I want you so. And don't say you don't know me, we've always known each other, you lovely, brown child." His eyes entreated her. But she still hung back. "You could talk to people about those wonderful things, but I, what could I do?" "After the war," he explained to her, "we could go back to Europe and I could build bridges and you could draw the plans, and after we had made enough money we could come back and I could preach my gospel—for nothing." THE MAN WHO NEVER SOLD AN ACRE. "But, till then?" "Till then," he whispered, "you could help me live that wonderful fairy-tale. Dear, I love you so"—and he kissed her tenderly, first on one cheek and then on the other. "On both jaws," she whispered, a bit hysterically. So then he kissed her on her perfect mouth. Just then her mother, bidding Sister Pauline Vessels an amicable good-bye at the gate, came up the walk. So, hand in hand, they went to tell her about the happy ending. THE MAN WHO NEVER SOLD AN ACRE. By J. B. WOODS THIRTY-FIVE years ago the county of * Hot Springs, in the state of Arkansas, was for the most part under standing timber. On the rocky hills the tall pines were seldom disturbed, except by the occasional prospective home builder in search of board trees from which to rive floor boards and shingles. There were no sawmills of any consequence, for the railroad had come through but a few years before and the commercial possibilities of timber were as yet unrealized. Even in the fertile bottomlands great tracts of hardwoods were to be found; farmers had but begun to put the deep soil in shape for yearly cultivation. Most of those who owned cleared bottomlands were obliged to live in towns away from the rivers, for the malarial mosquitoes were so numerous that, in the words of old-timers, it "took three frogs to live through a season." As a result the larger landowners were glad to rent their fields to others, allowing them to take the burden of toil, sickness, and flood loss, knowing that whatever the renter made would be in part their own at the harvest time. The same custom is in vogue at the present day and the renter's fortune is no less precarious. Under such conditions as these a young man by the name of Taylor Henson rented a field of ten acres about the year 1880 and planted the whole in corn. He worked diligently, early and late, for the farmer's day was from sun-up to sun-down, and by the first of June his crop was in fine condition. Then came a late overflow, the Ouachita spread out over the bottom-lands and either washed away or covered deep with silt the crops of a score of renters surrounding Henson. With characteristic patience they all planted again, knowing that there would be plenty of time to mature a second crop, providing there came enough rain to nourish the plants. The corn came up promptly from the moist earth and the majority of farmers worked it once or twice and then waited for rain, but Henson's method was different; he kept at his little crop continuously, stirring the ground until the top soil was a fine moisture-conserving mulch, although he would not have known what this term meant. The rain did not come! His neighbors finally gave up in disgust, moved their families back to town and searched for work elsewhere. By the time his corn was fairly tassled the man who stood by his guns was satisfied that his crop was a success, so he hired seven helpers and set about saving the fodder from the fields of those who had quit. There was not very much to save, but he secured that little, cured it and stored it away for future reference. When his own crop ripened he gathered the corn and harvested the fodder and before the winter came on he sold all that he had to spare to the owners and renters of the land about him. His income from the ten acres amounted to more than one hundred dollars per acre. But, of course, the money did not come in a lump; in fact, after settling with the merchant who had supplied his needs during crop time, he had just one hundred dollars in ready money, with a fair amount outstanding, when the idea of buying land entered his head. Learning of a forty-acre tract which was soon to be disposed of at THE CRISIS TAYLOR HENSON. sheriff's sale, he went to see the party in control and made a verbal offer for the whole of six hundred dollars, paying one hundred down, with the understanding that he would bid in the rest. Immediately he started clearing the land, which was covered with primeval hardwood, his idea being to convey the impression that he had arranged to buy and, thereby, kill any general interest in the forthcoming sale. The party in charge intimated that Henson had better raise his bid; but the farmer never gave any information as to what his plans were and on the day of the sale he succeeded in bidding in the land at his original price offer. Instead of three years, which had been understood, they gave him but seven months in which to pay for the land. He went to work, however, and split enough rails during the fall and winter to pay out the land and the following spring he was the owner of forty acres of bottom land, twelve of which were cleared and ready for crops. Thus began the landlordship of Taylor Henson. He was obsessed by the idea of buying land but at the same time he did not overlook the consideration of making that which he owned produce. He did not raise cotton, putting his faith in corn, until one spring when he embarked upon the truck business. Cantaloupes and watermelons were his specialty, and the land did its share for him. He got in touch with reliable commission men in St. Louis and Chicago and gradually built up a great melon business. A t first he could obtain nothing but box cars and lost a great deal of money through delayed and badly-shaken shipments. After a few years, though, the railroad came to realize the possibilities of this man's industry and supplied him with the proper cars for such crops and then Taylor Henson came into his own. His neighbors, too, began to grow melons to ship with his and Arkansas fruit earned a well-merited fame in the big markets. For several years he grew more than one hundred acres in melons alone, not to mention a goodly area of corn and potatoes, and car after car rolled out of the Malvern yards loaded with Henson's melons. The profits from this industry went into more land, always more land, until now, at the age of sixty-five, this man has the unique record of having bought nearly one thousand acres of real estate and of having sold not one! In the opinion of well-informed acquaintances this farmer's property is worth more than one hundred thousand dollars, which is quite a sum to most of us. But the crowning satisfaction came about ten years ago when Mr. Paul of South Bend, Indiana, considered the greatest truck grower in this country, came to Malvern and visited Mr. Henson for the avowed purpose of congratulating him on his achievements. In substance this gentleman declared that the Arkansas melons were the best that the market received and that the land from which they came must be the truck-garden of the American continent. He further stated that the only reason he did not transfer his own activities to this region was because he could not obtain land in units large enough for his methods of farming. This, from a man who operates two truck farms of more than three hundred acres each, one in Indiana and the other in Texas, was an endorsement more A SONNET satisfying than the returns from the finest car the recipient had ever shipped. This achievement is worthy of mention just as any success which is won by hard work and good judgment; but the outstanding feature of this story is the fact that Taylor Henson is a Negro, born in slavery, who never had a single day's schooling, except in the field and in dealings with his fellowmen. When spoken to he always hesitates a moment before replying and the white people maintain that he does this in order to decide whether or not there is any money in sight. When the writer suggested that he pose for a snapshot the old colored man hesitated and then replied, "Why, I don't believe I care to have any such work done." Upon being assured that he would not be expected to purchase a photograph he assented with the words: "Well, then, you may do as you like about it, I never had my picture made before." Several years ago he sent to Illinois for a few registered Poland China hogs and, with characteristic success, was soon the owner of a splendid herd of swine. After killing all the meat he required for the fall season, he carried eighty-six heads into the winter, with the idea of putting them on the market in the spring, but cholera came through the county and his herd was wiped out. He states that he might have saved several of the finest by killing them before they were taken sick but, in his own words, "I was not absolutely sure that they might not be affected and I preferred losing them entirely to selling diseased meat." Such a point of view illustrates the character of this man. With the loss of eighty-six swine averaging four hundred pounds each, Mr. Henson went out of the pork business and has not returned. In the South the colored man's mission is of vital import to the great and growing industries. Sawmills, transportation systems, plantations, and the multitude of lesser activities require his labor. In the nature of things it is inevitable that he shall perform lowly tasks until he progresses to the point where he can aspire to greater responsibilities; but on the soil he has the opportunity, greater than elsewhere, of becoming as near independent as any human being may in this great country. Therefore, when a man like Taylor Henson, starting with no advantages other than industry, brains, and will power, and under the handicaps which held at the close of the war, makes a real success of life, his example should be held up before the many thousands of colored boys, now growing up, that they may aspire to follow in the footsteps of progress and become credits to their race. A Sonnet: TO THE MANTLED! By G. DOUGLAS JOHNSON. AND they shall rise and cast their mantles by, Erect, and strong, and visioned, as the day That rings the knell of Curfew o'er the sway Of prejudice—who reels with mortal cry To lift no more her leprous, blinded eye. Reft of the fetters, far more cursed than they Which held dominion o'er the human clay, The spirit soars aloft, where rainbows lie. Like joyful exiles, swift returning home, The rhythmic chanson of their eager feet, While voices, strange to ecstacy, long dumb, Break forth in major cadences, full sweet. Into the very star-shine, !o! they come, Wearing the bays of victory complete! National Association for the A d vancement of Colored People THE HEART OF THE SOUTH H E organization of a dozen, lusty, young branches as a new Dixie District in the heart of the South marks the beginning of a new era in the history of the N. A. A. C. P. We are not unmindful of the good work done there by the branches at New-Orleans, E l Paso, and Key West. Nevertheless, we have heretofore been essentially a northern organization calling the attention of the nation to the worst of the evils oppressing colored folk, reporting the shrieks and moans that came to nur ears from across the Line when some particularly brutal barbarity cried to heaven, a voice trying to speak for inarticulate millions. With the entry of Atlanta into the fight, flanked by Richmond, Norfolk, Durham, Greensboro, Raleigh, Augusta, Athens, Savannah, Charleston, Columbia, Jacksonville, and Tampa, we feel that the hosts of the cotton kingdom have suddenly become articulate and the National Association a real first line defense facing the enemy at proper range. That the younger sons will come to grips with their local problems in short order we have no doubt, but to Atlanta belongs the honor of launching a fight of first importance without waiting for the ink to dry on their application for a charter. Each of these new southern branches has local problems facing them as important as the one with which Atlanta has come to grips. Richmond is taking steps to see that colored principals are placed at the head of the colored public schools in that city, and Charleston has a similar problem to attack. The Savannah Branch is taking steps to defeat for appointment to a Federal judgeship a man who had openly expressed sentiments hostile to the race, and who refused to receive a delegation of colored postal employees, although he was at the time a member of Congress from Savannah. Columbia has a fight on its hands against a residential segregation ordinance which passed its first reading in the City Council during the last days of March. R. G. Finlay, rector of Trinity Church, and three professors on the faculty of the University OFFICERS OF THE JACKSONVILLE, FLA., BRANCH. of South Carolina, the white members on the colored auxiliary to the Associated Charities of Columbia, have written us that they are preparing to oppose the ordinance; and the new branch should lose no time in joining forces with them. Jacksonville has taken steps to secure justice in the courts for a colored man who killed a wealthy white man whom he found in his home. Efforts have been made by the police to hold this colored man on some trumped up charge of robbery and of not being married to the woman in the case. The Jacksonville Branch has engaged a special attorney to look after his interests. Mr. Wilson Jefferson, President of the Augusta Branch, writes that "On March 5 we got out perhaps the largest crowd ever assembled for a meeting of the character of ours in this old town, to hear James W. Johnson. • . . I am not going to be satisfied until my people know the truth about some things very close to their future well-being and happiness." So all through the South the new branches are bravely taking up the fight. The roll of paid-up members as we go to press, made up at a later date than the 18 THE OUTER POCKET membership statistics below, is eloquent of the good work accomplished by the Field Secretary on his first organizing effort: ATLANTA, GA 139 TAMPA, FLA 107 RICHMOND, V A 63 SAVANNAH, GA 60 COLUMBIA, S. C 46 JACKSONVILLE, FLA 31 ATHENS, GA 29 RALEIGH, N. C 29 CHARLESTON, S. C 29 AUGUSTA, GA 28 GREENSBORO, N. C 27 NORFOLK, VA 26 DURHAM, N. C 25 639 "There is no doubt that a new spirit is awakening in the South," Mr. Johnson says, "and that the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People offers the precise medium for the exercise of that spirit. When the Association has spread over the entire South, as it is certain to do, and the thinking men and women of the race feel and know that they are leagued together with thinking men and women of both races all over the country for one and the same purpose, when each group feels and knows that it has the co-operation and support of all the other groups, many are the changes that are going to be brought about. "I am not only gratified by the campaign in the South, but I have been encouraged and inspired by it. And I ought to add that I had a most enjoyable time; the six thousand people whom I met not only listened to what I had to say and responded to my efforts, but, without exception, treated me in full accordance with the fine old traditions of Southern hospitality." How ready the South is to join forces with and subscribe to the uncompromising demands of the N. A. A. C. P. is further tes tified to by a letter received from Tampa just as wc go to press, asking for a charter as a branch: "We are enclosing check for one hundred and nineteen dollars ($119.00) as per list enclosed. The report would have been sent several days ago but for the ambition of the membership to send not less than one hundred members. We are sending one hundred and seven and our motto is to increase the membership to five hundred within the net few days." Under date of March 31, a circular letter is being sent out to the entire Association membership with a blank enclosed urging each member to send in at least one new member from among his or her friends. It is not only because in numbers lies our strength that we make this earnest plea. It is not only because the N. A. A. C. P. is fighting for the rights of all colored people that it should be supported by every one, white or black, who has the future of democracy in America at heart. We are in the war, and always in times of international stress the support of many large contributors who support organizations dealing with internal problems is withdrawn. The first year of the European war was so lean that the Association had to curtail its activities all along the line for lack of funds; yet it is a moment when we must be particularly alert if we would take advantage of war-created opportunities to advance the status of colored people, as the disfranchised women of England and the oppressed masses of Russia have advanced theirs. Al l new memberships received from this appeal will of course be entered to the credit of the local branch of the city from which they come, and we count upon the active cooperation of all branch officers in shoving the Association membership well across the 10,000 mark within the next month. Th e Outer Pocket A M writing you this for special informa- that we are the people to go back there tion and it is this: I want to know because we are the children of Ham. If whether we are the people to go to Liberia, this is so let me know in the next edition of Africa, or not. I am told, by the Bible, the C risis at your earliest date. If you 20 THE wish to know my color, I am a Negro woman and there are plenty of people around here who want to go home because they are not treated right here. My friend, who is writing for me, does housework for white people, cleaning seven rooms including the scrubbing and sweeping. She only gets 60 •ents a day for all that work and, dear Editor, you know by that, we have to leave this place. We hear of people over in S. C, Ga., and Ala., and we want to go too. If you can get this information before my you will please send it to me. C risis MRS. JOSEPHINE CLEMMONS. Muskogee, Okla. I have just read in your April C risis a letter in the Outer Pocket, written by Donald W. Moore, Halifax, N . S., in reference to the lynching in Georgia. Yes, it seems most strange to any one who lives in the Northern States and has never had any experience of the life that the colored man in the South has to undergo. They are handicapped in everything, even to the extent of self-protection, and in most instances they are handicapped in practical protest more than anything else. Ninety per cent of the lynching that happens is over before the Negroes know that anything has ever happened, or that any crime has been committed. When the Negroes know it's over, the whites are all prepared to lynch others who make the least protest in any form and accord them the same treatment. If the Negroes (in certain sections) have meetings or form any kind of an organization to perfect a protest, they are lynched for plotting against the white people (just as was done in Early and Worth Counties in Georgia). So you see protest is useless in any form as the State's Militia is white. If they are called out, it's only to protect the white man in his law-breaking, and not to do justice. I would just as soon be in the jungles of Africa bare-handed as to be in a Georgia jail with the Georgia Militia on guard if I had been suspicioned of doing-something or one of the many things that constitutes a crime to be lynched according to their inflamed minds. There is nothing the matter with the colored people in the South. They are not afraid of the lynchers, but they are afraid of the backers. That is the men who uphold them and they are the officials from CRISIS County Justice of Peace to the Governor of the State. I think the Negro has the nerve to fight but like all other right thinking people, they know it would be a useless fight with the odds so strong against them and conse quently they have decided on the most damaging and best revenge. That is to leave the South. It will be more far reach ing than any rebellion. This migration is going to reach every part of the Southland. It's not only going to harm the proprietors but the entire white population from the cradle to the grave, from the poor devils who commit the crime to the rich land-owner who protects him. I have been living in the South all my life and all I've got is this. My whole life's savings that I worked for is practically lost as I can't sell it for any price. I sold it to get rid of the awful fear of being killed just as Crawford of S. C. was murdered. I have decided to leave everything just as it stands and maybe some day I might realize something from my property. But I doubt it very seriously. Just as I have decided to do thousands have decided to do the same thing. The best thing the Northern Negro can do is to help educate his Southern brother into the Northern ways, for he is here to stay. The April is excellent, as good a C risis number as you have ever had. Ma„ it and its whole "staff" from the editor down to the humblest office boy thrive and flourish. MARIANNA G. BRUBAKER. Bird-in-Hand, Pa. In perusing the January C risis, I observed an article under the heading "Migration and Help" in which you repeat your argument that the Southern Negro who is assured of employment should continue to go North. Permit me to agree with you and assure you that although you handle every subject you take up in a masterly way, even you cannot understand the trials the poor Southern Negro must undergo merely to exist. I appreciate the fact, sir, that you are a very busy man, but beg that, even if you do not deem this narrative worthy of a place in your magazine, or too lengthy for publication, that, you will at least peruse it from start to finish. I wish to tell a story here that may serve to give THE OUTER you a little more of the actual facts sursounding the Southern Negro. A young friend of mine was compelled to stop school after finishing the English Course and being transferred to the 1st, year Normal of a reputable local high school. As far as he went he finished with honors, having captured the class prize for at least four consecutive terms. Coming out of school he looked around for fitting employment and was employed by a grocer. Began as all around boy at $1.75 per week and in one month was promoted as driver on a small route at $3.00 per week. Being eager to get ahead he worked his way on up and after serving the grocer about 13 months, he had filled every position from warehouseman, bill collector, billpayer and clerk to drummer for trade and salesman for goods that no one else could sell at the salary of $6.00 per week and board. He left this grocer and entered the service of a steamship company as laborer at $1.50 pen day. Was promoted to cooper at same pay. On a certain occasion the company could not secure the services of a white man capable of holding the position of storage clerk for the steamships. This is a very responsible position, the steamship freight manifests being made up from the report of the storage clerk. The agent of the line, having observed that my friend appeared to be intelligent, gave him the position. He made good and asked for more pay, receiving $2.00 per day on condition that when the ships were not in port he work on the docks at $1.50 per day as a laborer. A t this time he was 18 years of age. A new foreman employed by the company took the clerk's job away from him and gave it to a white man, the white man receiving $3.00 per day, and my friend's wages being reduced to $1.50 per day permanently. He left this company's service and went to St. Louis, Mo., being employed in a hotel as elevator man at a salary of $18 a month and board. The place being a family house, the tips were small and few. Having someone dependent on him and it being absolutely necessary that he get more money, he returned home. To-day he is a laborer at $1.50 a day with every good prospect of remaining so. White boys who worked side by side with bim as a dock laborer to-day are business POCKET men, pushed along by men already in business. Many of them could scarcely write their names and that was the limit of their education. The agent of the steamship line politely informed him that if he was a white man he would get him a position as clerk or warehouseman at a salary of $60 or $75 a month, but as he was a Negro he could do nothing for him. This story is often repeated in our Southland. The young Negroes will not go to school, and if you tell them it will benefit them, they ask you what benefit is yours to you! What can we answer? Those who are educated, not having enough to travel and pay expenses until they get good employment, become despondent and take to drink, dice and other vices to forget the dreams they once cherished as ideals. This Northern migration offers a splendid opportunity for the Southern Negro of ambition. Our white neighbors here have previously arranged matters so a Negro would never save money enough to get away from his oppressors, and those Negroes who are fortunate enough to rise to some extent have joined hands with the white men in this pleasant occupation. Now, my friend is a young man of age, but discouraged and having responsibility on him he cannot leave home unless already assured of immediate employment. I hope some young man hearing this, in your land of opportunities, may be aroused to appreciation of the opportunities offered him. E. H. BROWN. New Orleans, La. I am very glad to renew my subscription to the C risis, to the Northern California Branch. I enclose also a small subscription to the Anti-Lynching fund, wishing only that it might be larger. I take every opportunity of speaking privately and in public of the sad situation which distresses every friend of the colored people. I feel that this country can do but little for the safeguarding of the law of nations or for international friendship so long as the law of the land is so flagrantly flouted and the friendship of different races is so far from realization here. I wish the Association and the great success in the constructive C risis work of education, conciliation, and defence HAROLD E. B. SPEIGHT, Berkeley, Cal, The Looking Glass LITERATURE. FROM George Eliot: Dark is the Night, Yet is she bright, For in her dark she brings the mystic star; Trembling yet strong as is the voice of love, From some unknown afar. O radiant Dark! 0 darkly fostered ray! Thou hast a joy too deep for shallow Day. Ralph Cobleigh one of the editors of the Congregationalist has an excellent article on leaders in the new South with pictures of four leading colored men. St. Nihal Singh publishes in the Modern Review (Calcutta), an article which is copied in the living Age on "Fifty Years of Negro American Achievement." The message to America of Romain Rolland: This is your first task:—The diverse personalities that compose your States must dare to express themselves, freely, sincerely, entirely, in art. They must avoid the false quest after originality. They must be careless of form. They must be fearless of opinion. You have a second task—one more diffi cult and more remote. It is to establish from all these free-moving personalities within your States a tie that shall be as.a blood-bond. Their lives are of many moods and colors. Build them into a great Cathe dral. Their voices are unconscious and spontaneous and discordant. Compose from them a Symphony. Think of the rich foundation of your country. It is made up of all races; it has flowed in to you from all continents. May this help you to under stand the essential spirits of these peoples whose sum must be America. May it bring you to realize that a vast harmony exists between their varying intellectual forces. LOYALTY. COLONEL CHARLES YOUNG, writ ing to the Cleveland Gazette, says of the proposed Spingarn camp for Negro officers. We Negroes must have a part—a glorious one—in the destiny of this country—Our Country. The one where our fathers wrought mightily in spite of handicaps the most stupendous. The one whose soil is red with their blood freely spilled for American liberties and freedom in every war. Shall we now in the face of the danger that seems looming largely before us play the baby-act and refuse to our country a citizen's bounden duty? Every generous instinct of your heart will tell you no. Two wrongs never make a right. Let us train and prepare ourselves in every way for the eventualities that appear to be heading our way. And the Almighty Hand that unerringly guides and directs the destinies of peoples and races will bring us to the haven where we would be, that is, where, as the people say to, we shall be "phys C risis ically free from peonage, mentally free from ignorance, politically free from disfranchisement, and socially free from insult." . . . Let us do nothing to divide our people in this hour of our country's trials; neither let our work be negative nor reactionary but constructive. THIS PLA N OF DR. SPINGARN'S IS CONSTRUCTIVE, AND I HOPE IT WILL MEET WITH THE BEST OF RESULTS. When the storm is past we can take up the idealism of the cause. . . . May there be in this case no Achilles sulking in his tent. Such actions "cool our friends and heat our enemies," do no good, and are not in the line of strict loyalty to the flag. Every white southerner knows that if he were a Negro his treatment in the United States and particularly in the South would make him hate the land of his birth. He, therefore, rushes to assume the Negroes disloyalty in the present war. To such persons the following editorial from the Louisville Courier Journal will be almost inexplicable. The editor says of Roscoe Conklin Simmons, a colored man: His words, spoken the other day before a gathering of his own race, should spread a blush of shame on the Caucasian skins of some who are conspicuous in the eyes of the nation just now. When men of superior learning and vaunted super-race connections, intrusted with the solemn duty of serving and protecting their country's destiny, join with foreign tyrant cutthroats to heap contumely upon the nation's head and tie his hands stretched out to protect the lives and rights of Americans; when snivelling white pacifists join with all the traitor-slacker crew to invite national disgrace and ruin, well may this member of an "inferior race" boast: "We have a record to defend, but no treason, thank God, to atone or explain. ?3 THE LOOKING GLASS While in chains we fought to free white men —from Lexington to Carrizal—and returned again to our chains. No Negro ever struck insulted the flag. No Negro ever struck down a President of these United States. No Negro ever sold a military map or secret to a foreign government. No Negro ever ran under fire or lost an opportunity to serve, to fight, to bleed and to die in the republic's cause. Accuse us of what you will—justly and wrongly—no man can point to a single instance of our disloyalty. "We have but one country and one flag,the flag that set us free. Its language is our only tongue, and no hyphen bridges or qualifies our loyalty. To-day the nation faces danger from a foreign foe, treason stalks and skulks up and down our land, in dark councils intrigue is being hatched. I am a Republican, but a Wilson Republican. Woodrow Wilson is my leader. What he commands me to do I shall do. Where he commands me to go I shall go. If he calls me to the colors, I shall not ask whether my Colonel is black or white. I shall be there to pick out no color except the white of the enemy's eye. Grievances I have against this people, against this Government. Injustice to me there is, bad laws there are upon the statute books, but in this hour of peril I forget—and you must forget—all thoughts of self or race or creed or politics or color. That, boys, is loyalty." Even the Shreveport, La., Times, acknowledges the truth of these words albeit with a wry face. Whatever may be said of Simmons' complaint about "chains," "injustice" and "bad laws," of which the Negro is supposed to be the victim, the picture that he drew of the Negro's unswerving devotion to his country at all times cannot be gainsaid. It is characteristic of the Negro to complain and to indulge the fancy that he is being woefully mistreated. But Simmons' proud boast in behalf of his race was not altogether idle. Mr. Simmons words are echoed by every colored journal. The Washington Bee says that the Negro is willing today to take up arms and defend the American flag; he stands ready to uphold the arms of the President; he stands ready to defend the country and his President against this cruel and unjust oppression. His mother, sister, brother and children are being burned at the stake and yet the American flag is his emblem and which he stands ready to defend. In all the battles the Negro soldier has proved his loyalty and today he is the only true American at whom the finger of scorn cannot be pointed. George William Cook says in the Washington Post: It is an undeniable fact that the treatment of the colored man, manifesting itself in lynching, disfranchisement and abominable "jim crow car" accommodations, is inconsistent with what is due loyal citizens; and, while there is no question in the colored man's mind as to his loyalty, it is barely possible that the source of the question in some white people's minds can be attributed to a conviction that loyalty is not due from this class of citizens. The consensus of opinion, and that overwhelmingly, among colored people is that this is their country, notwithstanding persecution ; that this is the land of their fathers, and where they died; that their inheritance is inalienable, and that this doctrine is accepted by all colored men, and that we will not allow any class of people to rob us of our inalienable rights without our protest. And, while we expect to protest until things are righted, we propose to be loyal to our country and to stand by the government as strongly as any other class of people, and deny any man the right to treat us other than as citizens entitled to all the rights and immunities as such. The colored man yields to no man in his spirit of patriotism and consecration in defense of the United States. His vision of the future is as strong as his convictions of the past. That we are not treated better is a shame—and a howling shame. But we will not be robbed of our birthright by persecution or otherwise. In war Old Glory will not touch the ground because of lack of patriotism on the part of the colored standard-bearer, and when from his hands she falls her folds will cover his prostrate form. Al l ye doubters, remember Carrizal, Fort Wagner and State Street, Boston. Meantime the very dark complexioned Vardaman of Mississippi is as usual seeing things: "Universal military service means that millions of Negroes who will come under this measure will be armed. I know of no greater menace to the South than this," said Senator James K. Vardaman today visiting at Beauvoir. THE EXODUS BRADSTREET'S, perhaps the highest present authority, has this summary of the present situation as to the migration of Negro laborers: An immense migration of Negroes from the South to Northern cities and industrial centres is reported. Overcrowding of sections inhabited by these people and greatly advanced rents are reported. The large migration caused by higher wages offered is expected to have an important bearing on crop, especially cotton culture in the South. THE CRISIS J. Max Barber says in the Philadelphia Bulletin: Conservative estimates place the number of Negroes who have come North during the last year between 150,000 and 300,000, while some reports from even Southern papers say that the number of Negroes who have shaken the dust of the warm savannahs of the Southland from their feet in the last year, is still lower. All agree that when the Northern ice and snow melt and the spring winds blow again, there is going to be a mighty exodus of Negroes from the South. What sir, do you think is the cause of this vast migration? Negroes are not ordinarily a migrating race. A study of the history of Africa shows that for ages certain races have clung to both their territory and traditions; and that great migrations have taken place only when the pressure of great persecutions have forced these migrations. It is in greater oppression; more flagrant injustice; more widely advertised lynchings to a hopelessly helpless condition resultant from wholesale disfranchisement; and to the pitiably low wages paid them, that are to be found the real reasons for the present movement. The white men of the South are assuming authority never dreamt of by the framers of the Constitution. Some of their laws which may be even technically right, are pernicious in principle and mischievous in operation where the Negro is involved. The air is full of a subtle, illusive intimidation; justice in the Courts is a sham and a delusion; the judges and legislators represent a plethora of small politicians and pettifogging lawyers. But now that the Negro is leaving, the South would retain him. Already, the effect is wholesome. The harsh attitude is toning down. The South needs Negro labor, for it never did know how to treat white labor. It is the greatest thing that has happened for the Negro since emancipation. That the South is awakening is shown by some plain statements in the Greenville, S. C, Piedmont: It must be confessed that many white men in the South do not want the Negro educated and their power in most Southern states has been great enough to cripple the facilities provided for the education of the Negro. It is hard to get at the facts in the case, but it is asserted, and it probably is true, that the public schools for Negroes in this state do not receive for their support as much as the Negroes of this state Day in taxes for educational purposes. We have had demagogues cry aloud against any use for education of Negroes of taxes paid for educational purposes by white people But, common justice and fair play ought to have required that those who raised or approved that cry should see to it that no taxes paid in by Negroes for educational purposes should be used to educate white children. The remarkable thing is that those of our citizens who are most bitterly opposed to education of Negroes are the very ones who probably would be hurt most if the exodus of Negro labor from the South should continue. As the Piedmont pointed out in a previous editorial, there is no way to force Negro laborers to stay in the South if they desire to go elsewhere. Nor will platitudes induce them to remain in this section. Substantial justice must be done them or the exodus will continue and even increase in volume. It would be much easier and pleasanter to dodge discussion of this subject, but that will not solve the problem. The thing for us to do is to fearlessly face -the problem and honestly discuss it. Does the South want to keep its great supply of Negro labor? If not, there is no need of a change in the South's treatment of the Negro; if it does, there must be a change. A correspondent from the same paper writing from the West says: If the South wants to keep all of its Negro labor and not share it liberally, it will have to offer equal inducements in wages, living conditions and opportunity and a fuller measure of equality in treatment. If, on the other hand, it wants to get rid of the Negro and substitute white labor, now is its chance. Carroll and Burke will not be able to keep the Negroes in the South by inviting the white ministers and other big white men to speak to them. They have caught on to that old trick. Something must be done to better his condition financially, educationally, politically and morally. Talk will not do it. Why keep him illiterate and blame him for being so? Why segregate him to the back yards, swamps and alleys, and then call him a dirty filthy nigger? Why keep him out of politics and then say he is not a statesman? Brown and Stewart of Muskogee, Okla., specimens of Negro humanity, have few equals and no superiors as attorneys in this state. They handle the business for some of the richest white men in this state. The Negro asks no favor. Al l they ask is a man's chance. To hold the Negro the South must offer as much to his manhood as the North. Such occasional sentiments do not mean that the Bourbon South has surrendered. The Raleigh News and Courier for instance is afraid that the Negro will return to politics: The Raleigh Independent can prove a source of strength to the Negroes of Raleigh the State, if it shall so elect. But we are' THE LOOKING GLASS convinced that if the burden of its teachings shall be to have the Negro back in politics that it is mistaken friendship that is being shown. A t the Alabama Sociological Congress a white judge named Abernathy was very plain. Speaking of the Negroes he said: says ? From the top of his bone head to the bottom of his flat foot, there isn't a chance to educate a Negro. God Almighty made them to hew wood and draw water and I'm opposed to educating them. Booker Washington has done more harm in Alabama than tuberculosis. There's just as much difference in human nature and Negro nature as there is between the smell of limberger cheese and a bunch of roses. I believe in keeping him on the farm. A colored man writes to the Montgomery Advertiser: Thoughtful Negroes throughout the State, and the South, welcome the fact that men like Judge Abernathy of the Municipal Court of Jefferson county are giving their views on the race question at this time. We have known for a long time that the exalted seat of judge was filled in many places by men filled to overflowing with prejudice toward the Negro, and we are glad that Judge Abernathy now advertises this hidden truth to the world. If one takes the Judge's speech at its face value, you would readily conclude that it is impossible for a Negro to receive anything like justice in the Municipal Court of Jefferson county. We are being told by the newspapers to stay in the South, that the Southern white man is our best friend, and that he understands us better than the people of the North. What is friendship? If the Southern white man was our friend, he would not take our vote away, the only weapon of protest that any people can successfully use, and then force upon us all other responsibilities of citizenship. If the Negro of Alabama had the use of the ballot, Judge Abernathy would have hesitated a long time before giving vent to such views as he gave before the Alabama Sociological Congress. A CARD OF THANKS. THE Flushing, N. Y., Times, under the heading "Heroic Lad Stops Runaway Horse" says: Arthur Stuart, colored, 14 years old, a pupil in Public School 20, Sanford avenue, saved a number of children from injury and possible death at noon this Tuesday when he grabbed a runaway horse as it was rac ing down Sanford avenue, and stopped it. The horse belonged to William Schmal kuche &amp; Son, grocers, of 189 Franklin place. It ran down Bowne avenue from the store on the corner of Franklin place. The animal made a wild turn into Sanford avenue and was traveling toward Union street at a terrific rate of speed. A group of men on the corner of Sanford and Bowne avenue made no effort to stop the animal, but as soon as Stuart saw the runaway he ran into the road and grabbed the bridle. Stuart was dragged several feet before he got the horse under control but was uninjured. Stuart stopped the horse just as it was about to run on the sidewalk where a hundred or more children were walking back to school. In a later number of the Times appears • this delicious "Card of Thanks:" Mr. and Mrs. Joseph N. Stewart, 131 Forest avenue wish the Times to thank Mr. Schmalkuche &amp; Son who keep a grocery store at 189 Franklin place, for the reward given to their son—two bananas and a few sticks of candy—when the boy risked his life to stop the runaway horse, and to save the lives of other school children. JOSEPH N. STEWART. Mr. Schmalkuche ought to send around at least one more banana. "THE BIRTH OF A NATION." THE Dayton, O., Forum, a colored paper, has this bitter comment: It is indeed deplorable that men who have attained the position in life of George L. Knox, publisher of The Freeman, and A. E. Manning, publisher of the Indianapolis World, should so forget their duty to the race variety of which they are identified as to sell out to Tom Dixon and other enemies of the Negro. The reader will find elsewhere in this issue a full account of the contemptible deed these men committed right here in Dayton. The twelve thousand colored citizens of Dayton had made a strenuous fight to prevent Tom Dixon's photo-play, "The Birth of a Nation," from showing in Dayton. They had, through persistent efforts, secured the co-operation and help of the Greater Dayton Association (the largest civic body of business men in the United States), the Federation of the City Churches, the white Y. W. C. A., hundreds of white citizens had written letters of protest, the City Commissioners had passed a resolution condemning the presentation of the film, and were on the verge of passing an ordinance which would have prevented it from showing here, when these black Judases spoke in favor of the infamous photo-play. After old man Knox cringingly stated that he had seen the film three times, that it was all right, as it showed the love of the Negro for his master and the love the black "mammies" had for the young white soldiers, the Commissioners got "cold feet," our TH E CRISIS white friends became mortified, the committee was humiliated. The legal department of the city framed up an excuse. The ordinance was not drawn up. Thus again the race was sold out by unprincipled leaders for a few pieces of silver! Doctor Spingarn was right when he said, "What the colored people need most of all is not money, or land, or political power, or patronizing friends, but unpurchasable leaders—leaders who would not sell their souls for the good will of their neighbors or for big buildings, any more than they would for a dollar or a job." LINCOLN. A COLORED writer sends this letter to the Columbus, Ohio, Despatch:I am about to relate to you what seems to me rather pathetic. On Monday, Feb. 12, the members of East High School celebrated Abraham Lincoln's birthday and a colored girl who is in at tendance at East High said to her mother on returning from school, "We had a lovely program today in honor of Abraham Lin coln, but, mother, it seems to me we might have had a colored boy or girl somewhere on the program as Lincoln was such a friend to the Negro." They never ask us to participate in other rhetoricals but it seems that we might have had a representative on this program so that we could say something in honor of the "great emancipator." I overheard a conversation not long ago between some little colored boys who had been attending manual training school. One said to the other, "I wonder why the teacher never lets us use the saw; he always lets the white boys saw." These one or two illustrations are only similar to what we hear almost every day. Now, the writer is a Buckeye by birth and never attended a Negro school, but we never knew any such prejudice here in Ohio a few years ago. Our people are advancing along all lines, yet the prejudices grow stronger. We are barred from picture shows, in fact, discriminated against in almost all public places; get only a half show in public schools, which are supposed to be free alike to Irish, Italian, Jew, heathen Chinese and all classes. THE MERRIMAC COLONEL L. B. CANNON tells this story in the Troy, N. Y., Record: "Our experiences with the Merrimac convinced the army and naval officers that she was proof against all gun fire. Even our two largest guns, then the largest afloat in the world, were ineffectual against her because of the peculiar formation of her sloping roof of armor. It was decided that the only way to destroy her was by ramming her. Some little time after the duel in Hampton Roads (this was between the Monitor and Merrimac), early in the month of April, four big steamships, the Vanderbilt, the Arago, the Ericsson and the Illinois—came down to Fort Monroe to be in the harbor in readiness to attack the Merrimac if she came out and destroy her by running her down. "Al l the steamships came down under sealed orders. Captain Gadsden of the Arago, a merchant ship chartered for this service, on reaching Fort Monroe and open ing his orders found that his ship was to be a ram. His crew in some way got to know the nature of the mission their ship was on, and the dangerous character of the work in which they were to engage, and promptly deserted in a body. . . . "General Wood brought Captain Gadsden to me and the latter related to me the condition of affairs. He said Negroes would do for his purpose quite as well as white men and asked me if I would give him fifty Negroes. " 'Yes,' I answered, 'I will let you have all the Negroes you want under certain conditions.' " 'What are they?' asked Captain Gadsden. " 'They must be volunteers,' I said. 'They must understand exactly the nature of the service expected of them, all its dangers and possibilities, and must undertake it voluntarily, or they are of no use whatever to you. I cannot tell whether or not they will volunteer. But I will make the experiment if you like. They must further be rated on the ship's books and their standing must be the same as that of the crew that deserted.' "Captain Gadsden agreed to these conditions. "At 12 o'clock Captain Wilder had three hundred and fifty sturdy Negro stevedores drawn up in double lines. Captain Wilder made an address to them. "Not a sign of emotion was visible on the countenance of any of the Negroes during Captain Wilder's address. They stood THE LOOKING GLASS like so many sphinxes. There was no re sponse to his appeal. "I was discouraged and disgusted, for I was not prepared for such a thoroughly disheartening exhibition of indifference. But I decided to make an attempt myself to see if they understood just their circum stances, and had any appreciation of the opportunity thus offered to them. I ad dressed them: . . . "We have brought down four big ships to destroy the Merrimac by ramming her. The enterprise is a hazardous one, but it is full of glory. From on board one ship the white sailors have deserted because of the hazard of the service. It is my privilege to offer to fifty of you the opportunity to vol unteer to go on that ship. Every man who survives will be a hero and those who fall will be martyrs. Now those boys who will volunteer to go on board this fighting ship will move three paces to the front. "And the whole line moved up in a solid column, as though actuated by a single im pulse. It was a thrilling response, and the most remarkable and impressive scene I ever witnessed. "We picked out fifty of the most likely men and they were sent at once aboard the Arago. They were escorted down to the boats by all the Negroes around about, with shouting, singing and praying and every demonstration of exultant joy. It was a most exciting and inspiring sight. "The volunteers put aboard the Arago proved themselves most apt and willing workers and soon proved their value and justified our confidence in them. They were equipped as sailors, and when they came ashore the Negroes in our lines almost wor shipped them. " A week or two after this incident Captain Fox, first assistant secretary of the navy, came down to Fort Monroe. I told him what we had done and he was greatly interested and saw the men and inquired fully as to their capabilities and value. Shortly afterward he issued an order that the fleets be recruited entirely from Negroes." SOCIAL GOSPEL A. M. TRAWICK, a Southern man, has • written a splendid article on the "Social Gospel and Racial Relationship" in the Epworth Era, one of the organs of the Methodist Church, South: Does the gospel of social living offer any help in the solution of race difficulties? Are differences between white men and colored men too deep to be bridged by active human love? Is not the problem better stated as a human question than as a race question? We frankly admit that a problem exists and that it is national in its significance. Some among us say that there is no problem, for the Negro has learned to "keep his place" in a white man's civilization. This easy disposition of the problem is the fallacy of "begging the question." The really vital question at issue is: "What is the Negro's place in civilization?" The answer cannot be reached by an appeal to things as they are or to things as some man might wish they were. Others attempt to reduce the problem to its lowest terms by asserting that the Negro cannot advance beyond a certain point fixed by the Creator when he made him a Negro. This attempt to classify races as superior and inferior is both unscientific and unchristian. No one has ever succeeded in establishing the dead line of Negro intelligence and morality. Still others argue: "The Southern white men know all about the Negro; leave the question to them." There is no Southern attitude on the Negro question. Men of the South differ among themselves both in their understanding of the problem and in their method of solving it. They have, indeed, a very grave responsibility in the premises which they may not at the price of their honor evade or transfer to others. But the Negro problem belongs to the nation, and it appeals to the brain and heart and character of the nation for its final answer. He goes on to expound the value of the Negro as a laborer, as a buyer, as a property owner, and as a home builder. He recognizes the higher achievements of the Negro. He continues: The purpose of the foregoing discussion is to demonstrate what to many minds is still a matter of doubt. The Negro is not a beast of burden, nor a mere imitator of the white man. He is rendering his own independent service to a higher society. He is not a drawback to civilization; he is indispensable to American life, and the destiny of these western lands will be imperfectly achieved if he does not perform his own racial mission. It is not the argument of this paper that all Negroes have had a part in contributing all the valuable things herein set forth, for such an argument to one who has lived all his days in the South would be an inexcusable act of stupidity. But it is unhesitatingly affirmed that the race of Negroes has been and is an indispensable benefit to American society, and the best things the few have achieved is a prophecy of still greater benefits the many will confer. We enter no plea for charity to be granted to a race of "hewers of wood and drawers of 28 THE water;" we plead for a spirit of co-operation to make our whole civilization what the will of God purposed in giving us a double race life on a common soil. He touches on the helplessness of Negro women: It is not the vicious and degraded women alone who are accosted by white men, and it distinctly is not true that a Negro woman is not annoyed until she gives evidence that she cares nothing for her honor. The more modest, the more refined she is, the more certain it is that she becomes the object of some white man's pursuit. The average white man professes to believe that no Negro woman possesses purity of character, and proceeding from that assumption, he persuades himself that he is a gentleman when he maintains a courteous bearing toward sheltered and protected white women. Toward women whose fathers, husbands and brothers happen to be Negroes, without the shelter and protection of a similar code of honor, he may act as he pleases and defy resentment. He condemns mob violence; he believes in Negro suffrage: The failure to take into consideration the intellectual and moral progress of the race in appreciation of their American citizenship is the bitter root from which have sprung injustice and unfairness. The Negro is willing to abide by any test of civic fitness that applies equally to all members of a common democracy. He wishes only to be assured that his political opportunities and limitations are accorded to him in a spirit of fairness and justice. He calls for co-operation in social uplift and ends with these words: Race co-operation conducted on such a fair and equitable basis as this will be a mighty agency in building up a nation in the fear of God and will furnish to all the world an object lesson in the eternal value of the gospel of social living. SMILES THE Detroit Free Press writes: -*- Some humorous sallies have been taken far too seriously by the mass of mankind and harm has come thereby. They have grown flat, stale, and unprofitable to the wits of the world. It is time the chestnut bells were tolled for them on stage and platform, in print and in conversation. Take for instance those venerable stock jokes about the readiness of the Hebrew to sell things, of the Scotchman to save money and goods, of the Yankee to drive hard bargains, of the Englishman to be solemn, of the Frenchman to be flippant, and of the Negro to be improvident and thoughtless. These are all distortions of fact, caricatures of virtues, and they give false impressions of races and individuals. Thev CRISIS warp the judgment of hasty thinkers and the prejudices of those who are too busy, too idle or too incompetent to think. The Hebrew race is still giving the world leaders in literature, science, and philosophy as it has done for ages. And it is providing business men of such ability that every race will do well to pattern after them in enterprise, probity, and wisdom. They have their equals, these Hebrews, in many lands and races, but they have few superiors. Why make a joke of their superiority in salesmanship? The Scotsman's economical turn of mind has been made to serve the world well in numerous places where Scots have risen to leadership, and it gives competence to many and keeps others from the poorhouses in all quarters of the world. Why make a sense less joke out of the virtue of thrift? If the Yankee is a good bargainer he and his country profit thereby and those who compete with him will learn to sharpen their wits and be the better for it. His thriftiness is worthy of praise, not ridicule. The Englishman's "slowness" is not stupidity, but rather commendable, ingrained cautiousness. Surely to be careful, cautious, is not to provoke laughter? The Frenchman has in the fight against the German disproved the flippancy fling; his heroism is as high, as holy, as noble as any heroism the world ever has seen. And the Negro in the United States is yearly becoming wiser, richer, and more of a contributor to world progress. Can't the wits invent some new, really funny jokes? The Lexington, Ky., Herald says: Parson Elmore T. Offutt, colored, was eloquently exhorting at the Pleasant Green Hill Church two Sunday nights ago. "I want only religious people in my congregation," he proclaimed fervently reaching the climax of his sermon. "You are a liar," shouted one Rowe Ken drick, rising up at the back of the church. "All yo' want is money. You don't worry none about religion or nothin' else." Yesterday morning Kendrick was arraigned before Judge Riley on a charge of disturbing religious worship. After a discussion of the case Judge Riley decided to let Kendrick go after he was recognized to keen the peace for one year. It was a colored woman at one of those little southern junction points where trains are never on time. She and others had waited and waited and gone away; then they hurried back to wait some more. "Has the train come, yet?" asked some one anxiously. The colored woman was philosophical and sparing of words: "It's jes bound for to aint come," she said. The Looking Glass Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N. Y. FRENCH AFRICAN TROOPS REST AFTER VICTORY AT DOUAUMONT. This photograph was taken while the French African fighters were en route to the Riviera to enjoy a well earned rest following the battle of Douaumont in which they creditably acquitted themselves. The ranks of these intrepid fighters were considerably depleted in this battle which took place on October 26th and ended in a complete victory for the Allies. Note the size of these fighters in comparison with the man standing in the foreground toward the left. THE CRISIS FROM BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS. Above: The Square recently named after Frederick Douglass. Below: The newmaster.  Agassiz School, Cambridge, of which Miss Maria L . Baldwin, a colored woman is master Men of the Month A SERVANT OF THE GOVERNMENT. THE late Dr. Arthur S. Gray was born in Lawrence, Kansas, in 1869. He was trained in the public schools and for a while studied at the University of Kansas. Entering the civil service at Washington, D. C., he became private secretary eventually to O. P. Austin, Chief of the Bureau of Statistics. This position he held fifteen years, afterward being promoted to the position of expert in foreign languages and statistics and finally becoming the statistical correspondent for the Department. Trade bulletins and many business matters were entrusted entirely to his care and the Chief of the Bureau writes that "his official record has been one of unusual efficiency, fidelity, loyalty and unselfish devotion to duty." Mr. Gray married Miss Amanda V. Brown in 1893 and together . they conducted the well-known Gray and Gray pharmacy at the corner of Twelfth and You Streets, Washington, D. C. Mr. Gray was active in civic and social movements and widely known and liked. A PHOTOGRAPHER. MR. C. M. BATTEY is one of the few colored photographers who have gained real artistic success. He began his career in an architect's office in Indiana polis. In 1888 he entered the studio of Ondeon in Cleveland, Ohio, and afterward was for six years superintendent of the Bradley studio on Fifth Avenue, New York, where he photographed men like Sir Thomas Lipton and Prince Henry of Prussia. Afterward Mr. Battey was with the firm of Lippincott in the Singer build ing and often appeared as technical ex pert before the courts. He made the com posite picture of the "King of Finance" which blended portraits of fifty-one national bank presidents and was published in Everybody's Magazine in November, 1910. Borglum, the sculptor, wrote the com mentary. At present Mr. Battey is in structor in photography at Tuskegee In stitute. Many of his racial studies have appeared in the magazine. CRISIS TWO SUPERVISING ARCHITECTS. It is not widely known that two of the supervising architects under the United States Superintendent of Construction are colored men. The first to be appointed was Lowell W. Baker who was born in Ohio in 1868 and became a builder and contractor. For eight years he was instructor in wood-work in the State Department of Wilberforce University. He took up work in a correspondence school and passed the civil service examination for the position of superintendent of construction, being appointed in 1904. He has supervised buildings for six cities in Ohio, two in Indiana, and is now in charge of two post office buildings at Albion and Charlotte, Michigan. He is married and has two living children. Mr. William W. Cook was born at Greenville, S. C , in 1871. He graduated from the college department of Claflin University and taught the mechanic arts there and at Georgia State College. After a post-graduate course in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology he passed the examination for senior art draughtsman. In 1908 he was assigned to supervise the erection and completion of the post office at Lancaster, Pa., and since he has supervised work in four different states. At present he is supervising the new post office at Ashland, Ohio, which will cost with site $115,000. He has spent over $650,000 satisfactorily for the government. Mr. Cook is a son-in-law of Ex-Congressman Thomas E. Miller and has two children. A MINISTER. H E late Matthew W. Gilbert was born in South Carolina in 1862. He was educated at Benedict College, South Carolina, and at Colgate University, Hamilton, N . Y., where he received his bachelor's degree. He afterward received the honorary degree of Bachelor of Divinity from Union Theological Seminary. Entering the active ministry of the Baptist church he held charges at Nashville, Tenn., and Jacksonville, Fla. He was the founder of the Florida Baptist College at Jacksonville. 31 THE LATE DR. M. W. GILBERT. MISS A. H . KNOX. L . W. BAKER. MR. AND MRS. C. M. BATTEY. THE LATE DR. A. S. GRAY. W. w. COOKE, DR. J. H . N. WARING. MEN OF THE MONTH Several years' work followed as pastor, missionary and college teacher until finally Dr. Gilbert became pastor of Mt. Olivet Church, New York City, where he had a hard fight to hold together a divided church. He then went South again and at the time of his death was pastor of the First Baptist Church of Nashville, Tenn., and dean of the theological department of Roger Williams University. He leaves a widow and three children. His oldest son, a young man of great promise, died while a student at Colgate University. A TEACHER. MISS ALBERTA M. KNOX was gradu ated from the High School of New Bedford, Mass., in 1913. She was a mem ber of the first class to graduate from the new half million dollar high school and was •elected by the faculty as salutatorian on :count of her ranking the class in scholarship during the four years' course. She also won the Bourne essay prize of fifteen dollars in gold. Miss Knox then attended the Bridgewater normal school and during her training taught at Brockton and Taunton, Mass. She was graduated in 1916 and offered a position in all three cities but chose New Bedford where she is at present a teacher in the Parker Street Normal School. A TRAINER OF YOUTH. DR. JAMES H. N. WARING was made superintendent of the Howard Orphanage and Industrial School, Kings Park, Long Island, March 1, 1917. He was born in Michigan in 1861, educated in the public schools of Oberlin, at Howard University and at the Western University of Pennsylvania. He taught school in St. Louis and the District of Columbia, being eleven years supervising principal. For the next seven years he was principal of the colored high school at Baltimore, Md. Following this he became a practising physician in Washington until called to the Howard Orphanage. He was married to Miss Carrie Brown in 1883 and they have five living children, one of whom is a graduate of Harvard and two students at Howard. Dr. Waring takes up the work founded by the late Dr. Gordon and carried on for many years by his wife. THE LATE F. B. SANBORN. A FRIEND OF JOHN BROWN. AMERICA N Negroes will remember the late Franklin Benjamin Sanborn chiefly because of his intimate connection with the* John Brown raid. He shared in the counsels of John Brown from the beginning of his great plan and his life of the great abolitionist remains the most authoritative work. In later days as a speaker and as correspondent of the Springfield Republican he could be counted on as the friend of democracy always even across the color line. He was born in New Hampshire in 1831 and died in New Jersey this year. The New York Evening Post says: "There is something a little saddening in the thought that with him goes the last circle in our literature and thought. It is now over a half-century since Hawthorne and Thoreau died; it is well over a quarter century since the deaths of Emerson and the two Alcotts. The surviving spectators of the group they constituted have passed away, one by one—Ellery Channing early the century, W. T. Harris in 1909, Thomas Wentworth Higginson, 1911, J. T. Trowbridge last year. The books which Mr. Sanborn wrote detailing his recollections of Concord surpass in interest the recollections left by any of these figures." The Horizon MUSIC AND ART. G Our cover picture was posed by Miss THE attempt of Mrs. Emilie Hapgood, the promoter; Ridgeley Torrence, the playwright, and Robert Edmond Jones, the designer, to start the new Negro drama on Broadway, New York, is nothing less than epoch making. The initial performance was given before a distinguished audience April 5th. Three plays were presented, the "Rider of Dreams," "Granny Maumee" and " Simon the Cyrenian." The acting was good, the BLANCHE DEAS AS ACTE'S ATTENDANT IN "SIMON THE CYRENIAN." settings striking and the promise for the future excellent. Anita Thompson of Los Angeles, Cal. She was the dancing maid in a recent production of Coleridge-Taylor's "Hiawatha." Miss Thompson is a pupil of Ruth St. Denis, and although but sixteen years old, displays remarkable interpretative ability and originality. • G Mr. David Bispham, the distinguished American baritone, was heard in song recital at the Music School Settlement, Mr. James Rosamond Johnson director, on March 4th, in the Settlement recital hall, New York City. Mr. Woodruff Rogers was the accompanist. G Madame Azalia Hackley directed a folksong festival in Baltimore, Md., during the month of March. She plans to train a large chorus in Washington for a similar affair to be given in that city in April. G Miss Helen Hagan, pianist, was heard in a successful concert at the Auditorium, Atlanta, Ga., on March 6th. C Morehouse College, Atlanta, Ga., celebrated its fiftieth anniversary on Feb. 25-27. For that occasion an anniversary hymn was written by Mr. Kemper Harreld, the words by Benjamin Brawley. An anniversary concert by the pupils, consisting of numbers by the Glee Club and orchestra with soli and a violin selection by Mr. Kemper Harreld, was the feature of the closing night. C Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, who is on western concert tour, was heard with much pleasure on March 2d at the Manual Training High School at Kansas City, Kans. Mr. William S. King, of Philadelphia, was the accompanist. C The Mount Vernon Choral Club, of New- nan, Ga., rendered the cantata "Esther" be fore a large audience of white and colored people. C Mr. R. C. Logan, the western basso, was chief soloist at a concert in Butte, Mont., where $1,500 was raised for the poor. G Miss Maude Roberts, of Chicago, and Roy W. Tibbs, of Howard University, gave a joint recital at the Abraham Lincoln Center, Chicago. The critic of the Chicago American says: "Of the rare charm and tenderness of Miss Roberts' lovely soprano it is impossible to write too glowing praise. 34 THE HORIZON The young singer possesses one of the most appealing, caressing voices I have ever heard. In mezza-voce and pianissimo passages and sustained tones the quality takes on an ethereal hue of great beauty." Of Mr. Tibbs the critic said: "He exhibited a fluent polished technique and a very refined style." C Miss Mildred Bryant, of Louisville, Ky., directed the concert at the dedication of the new colored Central High School. The program was given by the girls' glee club and "showed fine training in the excellent interpretation of the music they rendered." C The Douglas High School of Huntington, W. Va., gave an annual concert at the Carnegie Auditorium before a crowded house. "The whole program was well arranged, well balanced and delightfully rendered." Miss Ethel B. Spriggs was in charge. C Mr. L. B. Deppe, the baritone singer, has been accompanying the film play "The Crisis" at the Pitt Theatre, Pittsburgh, and in other places. C The Roger Williams University singers, of Nashville, have been meeting with much success before both white and colored audiences throughout the lower South. C At the Modern Gallery, 500 Fifth Avenue, New York, Mr. Sheeler, a photographer, has been exhibiting photographs of West African art. The photographs are striking. INDUSTRY. IT is widely reported that tens of thou sands of Negro laborers are leaving the South for the North this spring. Over 400 arrived in Newark, N . J., within less than a week. Sixty-seven left Greenville, S. C , in one day. More than 2,500 Negroes from the Mississippi Valley arrived in Chicago during three days. They come chiefly to work in the stock yards, where 10,000 workmen are said to be wanted. C Widespread effort is being made among colored people in the North to help the immigrants. The Monitor, a colored paper of Omaha, Neb., has an employment bureau and advertises in southern papers. C. Colored pastors in the South are finding their churches seriously depleted while the colored churches of the North are growing correspondingly. C Shortage of labor is being felt in various parts of the South, especially in Montgomery, Ala., and in West Tennessee. d Southern railway men, when the last railway strike was threatened, announced that they proposed to put Negroes in the places of the strikers. Some of the roads already have Negro boilermakers and mechanics as the result of a previous strike. (1 Negro farmers of Albany, Ga., have greatly increased their live stock as a result of the injury to the cotton crop by the boll weevil. (r The People's Drug Store, of Birmingham, Ala., has moved into new and larger quarters. C Two Perth Amboy, N. J., concerns are seeking 100 colored laborers at $3 a day. It is said that every one of the 9,000 colored men brought to Pittsburgh from the South in the last six months has found remunerative work. C Julius Rosenwald, the Chicago philanthropist, has guaranteed the bonded debt of the Mound Bayou Oil Mill Corporation, Miss. The plant, which is owned by colored men, will be operated this season. C The Negro Business League of Kansas, City, Mo., under the presidency of Fortune J. Weaver, has started an automobile training school for colored men. More than fifty students have already enrolled. C James M. Holly, of Oakland, Cal., and his brother, Charles, are employed by the Union Iron Works Company. He started as foreman of seven colored workmen among 1,500 whites and Asiatics. He has now 137 colored men engaged in shipbuilding. He wants one or two hundred more young men to take a three months' course in riveting. Good riveters get from $6 to $10 a day. The white union is fighting Mr. Holly and his men and will not admit them to membership. C A National Farm Loan Association among Negroes of Davidson County, Tenn., has been started, with J. B. Mullins president. They expect a membership of twenty or more thrifty farmers. C The Negroes of Evansville, Ind., own $500,000 worth of real property. Most of it has been accumulated in the last fifteen years. C Colored undertakers and citizens of Washington, D. C, have organized and incorporated the People's Funeral Service Corporation. C Walter M. True, of Hazelwood, Ohio, makes a specialty of manufacturing bird THE CRISIS houses and shelters for all sorts of animals. G The miners' union admits Negro members; consequently when a large number of colored miners were brought from Alabama to Leechburg, Pa., as strikebreakers they refused to work when learning that a strike was in progress. G The Utah Construction Company, which is double tracking portions of the Union Pacific Railroad, is importing 3,000 southern Negro laborers into Wyoming. C In the Canal Zone 100 of the 800 Negroes employed at the Cristobal dry dock have struck for higher wages. SOCIAL PROGRESS. NEW Civil Rights bill to protect colored people against discrimination has been passed by the New Jersey Legislature. It was found, however, that after the bill was passed that all damages recovered must go to the overseer of the poor and not to the plaintiff. C The proposed Jim Crow car law in Missouri is said to have been killed. G At Marlin, Tex., six colored business men were recently burned out by a fire. The loss was $20,000. G The Dickson Colored Orphanage at Gilmer, Tex., spent $16,404 last year. Fifty-one children were placed in homes, leaving 149 in the institution. G The colored Elks have a membership of 20,000 in 200 lodges, with $250,000 in property. They have spent $15,000 in the last few years to protect themselves against litigation by the white order. C Charles Edward Russell, the well known writer, spoke at Broad Street Theatre, Philadelphia, on race prejudices. He especially praised France because "the narrow, blind hatred of race is unknown there." C Mr. D. A. Lee, of Boynton, Okla., is building a large and well equipped open air theatre for the colored people. G National Negro Health Week was observed in many communities throughout the United States April 22d to 28th. O The Southern California Negro Baptists have opened an old folks home at Abila Station. C A new hospital has been opened at Winchester, Ky. The Negro department is on the first floor and consists of a men's ward, a women's ward and one private room. The Colored Women's Hospital Club furnished these rooms. C A tuberculosis camp for Negroes will be established in Richland County, S. C. G The Colored Civic Association of Waco, Tex., is distributing garden flower seeds and maintaining a demonstration garden at the colored high school. G Efforts to better the housing of Negroes are being made in Philadelphia, Harrisburg, Pa.; Detroit, Mich., and Trenton, N. J. G A playground for colored children with a swimming pool will be opened at the Lincoln School, Joplin, Mo. G The formal opening of the Booker T. Washington social center has taken place in Peoria, Ill. G The first community conference of the Women's Co-operative League, Baltimore, Md., took place recently. Special criticism was made of the segregation ordinance, the unsatisfactory public school buildings and the lack of provision for the care and training of delinquent and feeble-minded colored children. The conference expressed appreciation for the new modern school building in East Baltimore and the proposals for sanitary housing. It suggested the establishment of a music school settlement. C There are sixty colored churches in Chicago with 31,870 members. The largest, Olivet Baptist Church, has 3,500 members, followed by Bethel A. M. E., Church, with 3,000 members. C There are 348 colored employees in the United States, state and city civil service of Chicago. G Knoxville is to have a $10,000 colored library as a gift from Andrew Carnegie. G Thirty-three colored women organized and incorporated at Little Rock, Ark., in October, 1915, have been supporting a colored probation officer, Mrs. M. M. Jefferies. The Phelps-Stokes Fund pays $200 toward her salary. C The colored people of Tacoma are joining with other people to raise money for a Lincoln statue in the Lincoln High School. Sixty dollars was raised at one concert. G Pastors of twenty-four colored churches in New York joined in an appeal for the "Big Brother" movement. A public meeting was also held in St. James Church. C April 15th was observed as Memorial Day by Baptists throughout the country for THE HORIZON the purpose of making a nationwide donation to the memory of the late Joanna P. Moore. G. By the law passed at the last Congress Porto Ricans are now citizens of the United States. 0 The Odd Fellows Temple of Wilmington, Del., has been remodeled and newly equipped. C The Texas Legislature has appropriated $200,000 for a Negro insane asylum at Rusk. C Mr. J. D. Schmidlapp, of Cincinnati, is head of a modern homes company, with a capital of $500,000. He has 220 Negro families in his homes and says that the investment is a safe one. Mr. Schmidlapp has recently been in Baltimore advising concerning a similar movement there. WAR. CONSIDERABLE currency has been given to alleged plots among Southern colored people by German propagandists. The rumors were promptly pronounced false by Negro leaders in position to know. C The Military Training Camp, inaugurated by Dr. J. E. Spingarn of New York, is now assured of success. General Wood's demand that at least two hundred and fifty enroll before he organized the camp has been more than met. On April 5th, two hundred and eighty-one applications had been received. Of these eighty-one are under-graduates of Howard University, forty-six 6f Hampton, three of Fisk. Every business and profession is represented, including law, medicine, the ministry, dentistry, high-school and college teaching (including one president!), government service, banking, journalism, etc. It is a fine body of men, as fine as any body in the country regardless of race, creed or color. Nearly all have had college training, and many have military experience of some sort. At least ten pastors of prosperous churches are among those anxious to serve their country. A number of physicians have enrolled in order to get the necessary military preparation to serve as surgeons in the army. As we go to press the exact details of the camp have not yet been settled. The sudden exigencies of war may change all the plans for military training camps this summer, but unless this happens, the camp is assured. The authorities at General Wood's headquarters are considering place, date, and other details. It is likely that the camp will be held from June 5th to July 2nd, at some fort or army post along the eastern seaboard between New York and Washington. Any man betwoen nineteen and forty-five who has had a high-school, normal school or college education is eligible for admission. The cost will be entirely defrayed by the government, but men must pay their fare to the camp and leave a deposit for the use of their uniform. Both fare and deposit will be returned at the end of the camp, and transportation home furnished free. Al l applications should be sent to Dr. Spingarn at 9 West 73rd Street, New York. C A meeting to pledge loyalty and support of the President in the war has been held in Chicago. (I Southern members of Congress are trying to have the Negro excluded from the Universal Service Bill. The bill was introduced by Kahn of California and provides that Negroes shall be called to arms in the same manner as white citizens but trained in separate units. C Robert R. Moton, principal of Tuskegee Institute, has written President Wilson, saying: "Notwithstanding the difficulties which my race faces in many parts of this country, some of which I called to your at tention in my previous letter, I am writing to assure you that you and the nation can count absolutely on the loyalty of the mass of the Negroes to our country and its peo ple, North and South; and as in previous wars, you will find the Negro people rally ing almost to a man to our flag." C Negroes of Virginia, the District of Co lumbia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, New Jer sey and North Carolina are said to have organized a colored citizens patriotic league to arouse the colored citizens to national de fense. C At a mass meeting held at Asheville, N . C , colored people subscribed funds suf ficient to support fifty Belgium babies for three months. C The colored women of Nashville, Tenn., have offered their services to the governor to aid in knitting and sewing for wounded soldiers. C The United States War Department has formally accepted the Fifteenth Infantry, 38 THE New York National Guard, a Negro regiment, as an integral part of the state troops to be sworn into federal service. C The first Pennsylvania colored regiment at Pittsburgh has offered its services to the United States. On account of legal technicalities the regiment has not yet been made a part of the National Guard. C The Rev. W. A. White, a colored man of Truro, Nova Scotia, has been commissioned chaplain of the second construction battalion with the rank of captain. Another colored man, C. C. Ligoure, is medical officer. (I The First Separate Battalion, District of Columbia National Guard, composed of colored men, has been mobilized to protect the national capitol. d Francis Cain, an American Negro, has been recently decorated for bravery by the French. He has been wounded five times and has three colonial medals for distinguished conduct. EDUCATION. INTERCOLLEGIATE debates have been held between various Southern institutions on the question of government ownership of railroads. Virginia Union University won over Wilberforce University and Lincoln over Virginia Union. (I At a meeting held in New York a committee was organized to be known as "The Durham Commission to Study the American Negro." This commission grew out of the educational conference called by Dr. J. E. Shepard at the National Training School, Durham, N . C , last fall. The commission at present consists of Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, chairman; Dr. Shepard, Mr. William C. Pearson of the Durham Public School, President W. J. Hale of the Tennessee Normal School, President W. A. Scarborough of Wilberforce University, Mr. J. A. Cotton of Henderson (N. C. ) Institute, President Rendall of Lincoln University and Dr. J. W. E. Bowen of Gammon Seminary. The commission decided to undertake a survey of secondary schools for the education of the Negroes in the United States, with the idea of ascertaining the number and distribution of these schools, their equipment and efficiency, their attendance and teaching force, their income and expenditure, and the extent to which they are filling the demand for secondary education among colored people. CRISIS The 300 schools which are -to be studied are divided into three districts of about 100 schools each and a year is to be devoted to the study of each district. It is proposed that after this survey of education the commission turn its attention to other fields of investigation concerning the American Negro, with the idea of establishing, in connection with the National Training School and in co-operation with other institutions and organizations, a systematic series of surveys into the social condition of the American Negro. (I Far from abolishing the Western University at Quindaro, Kans., the recent Legislature appropriated $73,850 for its work. (I Some comment has been made on the work of churches of German origin among American Negroes. The excellent work of the Lutherans antedates the present war by many years and deserves all praise. The Synodical Conference, the largest Lutheran body, spends $60,000 a year for Negro education. It has two secondary schools, Luther College at New Orleans, with thirty-five students, and Emanuel College, at Greensboro, N . C , with sixty-five students. Besides these, thirty-one day schools take care of 2,500 students. The superintendent of the work is a colored man, the Rev. Dr. Christopher F. Drewes, of St. Louis. O The Freedmen's Aid Society of the Methodist Church, which will soon celebrate its fiftieth anniversary, maintains twenty-one schools, with 370 teachers and 5,279 students. In the last fifty years it has trained over 200,000 students. C We learn with some surprise but great pleasure that the Sophoclean Dramatic Club, a student organization of Hampton Institute, has given a Greek play, "Oedipus at Colonus," for the benefit of the work of a Hampton graduate in South Africa. Last year the same organization gave "Antigone." C Dr. W. N . Atkins, medical director of schools of Atlanta, Ga., after examining 14,561 white pupils and 4,453 colored pupils found 74.6 per cent of the whites physically defective and only 36.6 per cent of the Negroes defective. The Board of Education received this information "with great surprise." THE HORIZON MISS WHITBY. MISS POWELL. MISS SPARKS. MISS MASON. MISS TRULEAR. Recent Graduates of Philadelphia High and Normal Schools. C Atlanta University has raised $56,000 toward the half million dollar endowment fund for which it is working. C The General Education Board and the Carnegie Foundation have contributed $100,000 toward a total sum of $150,000 to be used for the physical rehabilitation of the plant of Fisk University. It is hoping to raise the remainder in 30 days. C The colored people of Nashville, Tenn., put 59 of their own automobiles at the disposal of the state legislature for a visit to the A. &amp; I. State Normal School for Negroes. C The city of Petersburg, Va., has appropriated $100,000 for three new school houses for colored children. The money was provided for in a bond issue two years ago but held up on account of the usual strife among the white people as to the location of the schools. C. Dr. S. M . Newman, president of Howard University, has handed in his resignation to take effect at the close of the school year June, 1918. Advancing years and failing health are given as the reasons. Dr. Newman has been president of Howard five years and the trustees now have a year to look for his successor. C The colored people of North Carolina have raised over $3,000 during the last year to supplement the rural school funds. C A new $22,000 colored school building has been finished and accepted at Sapulpa, Okla. C At Louisville, Ky., the new Central Colored High School has been dedicated. It was formerly the white boys high school but has been remodeled at a cost of $75,i100. It will have an attendance of over 400 and has laboratories, domestic science department, industrial shops and gymnasium beside the regular class rooms. C Mrs. Margaret M. Barber has given the Barber Memorial Seminary at Anniston, Ala., $50,000 in securities. G During the past year Alabama Negroes in twenty-three counties have contributed $47,451 for the improvement of their schools. The white people have added $1,368. Of the money raised $21,121 was put in new buildings. In addition to this the Negro patrons contributed hauling and labor. To increase salaries, $19,726 was raised. Home makers clubs have a total membership of 9,728 and canned 247,040 quarts of fruits and vegetables. C In Virginia the colored people raised $8,109 to extend the school term and $25,579 for new buildings, repairs and material. Home makers clubs put up 86,000 quarts of vegetables and fruits. C A colored public school at Waco, Tex., has been destroyed by fire. C The origin of the Washington Education Fund which has been mentioned in The Crisis is thus explained by the chairman of the board of trustees in a letter to Mr. J. D. Alston: "Dr. Silas Hamilton, while riding through the mountains of Virginia a few years after 1800, en route from his boyhood home to his plantation in Natchez County, Mississippi, met a slave trader riding and leading by a string around his wrist and over the pommel of his saddle a young colored boy. George was then a boy perhaps 8 or 9 years old. He could keep up with the horse well enough when it was walking, but when it trotted or galloped, it practically dragged George along TH E CRISIS in the dust and dirt. Dr. Hamilton was a man of infinitely kind heart, and taking pity on the slave, bought him for $100.00. When they made out the bill of sale, Dr. Hamilton asked what the name of the boy was, and the slave trader, not knowing, turned and asked him his name, and he stuttered out a word they took for George. The boy's eyes were sore, and the hard traveling had made him stiff and sore. Dr. Hamilton took him on his horse and before they reached the Doctor's plantation, the eyes were cured and the boy was himself again, as a result of the Doctor's attention to him. Later the boy told the Doctor that his name was George Washingon. The Doctor asked him why he selected that name, and he replied that he selected it because George Washington was a good man. "Dr. Silas Hamilton decided to come north, about ten years later. When he reached the first free soil, probably at Indiana, he gave all his slaves, 21 in number, their freedom, and went their bond. George Washington, however, then a young man, pleaded with his master that he might keep him and let him serve him as long as he lived. Dr. Hamilton consented and brought George with him to Otterville, Jersey County, Illinois, which was then the largest town in Jersey County. Here George worked for his master without compensation, until Dr. Hamilton died, leaving George in his will $3,000.00. George Washington died when he was about 41 years old, and between the death of his master and his own death, he devoted himself to the care of his property. He worked about upon different farms, and finally bought a farm of his own. He was a deacon in the Methodist Church at Otterville, and was the only colored man that was ever a member or a deacon of that church. He was highly respected by the white people and the few blacks that lived in his community. His word was said to be as good as his bond. Many quaint stories are told of the predicaments and embarassing circumstances that he got into, but his common sense and loyalty always bore him out well. "When George Washington died, he left a non-cupative will, and his estate was valued, according to the records of the Probate Court of Jersey County, at about $15,000.00. The trustee of the will, however, was careless, and appropriated the property to his own use. My father taught school in Jersey County, and was principal of the public school at Otterville, and studied law at night, and was admitted to the bar; and he learned of this George Washington and the money he had left, and of the misappropriation of it. His first suit at law was to recover this money, and devote it to the purpose for which it was intended. After several years of litigation, the fund was secured and after a monument costing $1,500.00 was erected in Otterville near the old free public school, to George Washington's dead master, Dr. Silas Hamilton, there remained about $7,300.00 in the trust fund. That was approximately 30 years ago. When my father died two years ago this fund had not only helped in the education of approximately 100 colored boys and girls, but had increased in value to about $23,000.00. My father left a request that $3,000.00 of his own estate should be paid to the George Washington Education Fund. The free public school above referred to is the first free school in Illinois admitting children regardless of color or previous condition of servitude, and was built by funds donated by Dr. Silas Hamilton. "At present we are not sending any children to school because the George Washington Education Fund owns land in the Nutwood Drainage District, and the drainage assessment each year reduces the net income below $1,000.00. By decree of the Court the fund must show an income of not less than $1,050.00 a year before the education of young men and women is permitted. This condition of affairs has been true for about three years, although we maintained the boys and girls in school that we had previously made provision for." O William Mason, a colored freshman in the arts college Ohio State University, has won first prize in an oratorical contest. He will now meet the champion orators from three other universities. C Miss Roberta B. James, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. D. James of Cleveland, O., was one of the six honor graduates of the Central High School. She is seventeen years of age and one of the youngest members of the class of 79. She was the faculty's THE HORIZON HISS R. B. JAMES. choice for commencement speaker together six class mates. C The Home Mission Society of the Northern Methodist Church has offered $275,000 for a school in New Orleans for Negroes to be controlled by the southern white Methodists. MEETINGS. THE Georgia State Convention of Negro doctors will be held this month in Savannah. C. The 36th annual session of the Southern Illinois Teachers' Association convened in Cairo. Over a thousand teachers were present. C Among the speakers of the colored Alabama Teachers Association were Julius Rosenwald, William G. Wilcox, James H. Dillard, Mrs. Booker T. Washington and Dr. George Haynes. (I The colored teachers of Oklahoma held their tenth annual session at Boley. They passed resolutions condemning the present school law. C The Alabama Sociological Congress, a white organization with colored members, met in Birmingham. 0 The sixth Worth County, Ga., Negro fair has been held. (I The Iowa federation of colored women's clubs holds its second annual session in Ottumwa this month. C The 6th annual meeting of the Middle Tennessee Colored Teachers' Association was held in Nashville in April. CHURCHES. PAUL OBODOECIE EMECETE, a na tive of British Nigeria, has been admitted to the catholic priesthood at Lagos, West Africa. C The Rev. C. M. C. Mason, for thirty-five years rector of All Saints Episcopal Church, St. Louis, and the oldest priest in the diocese, is dead of pneumonia. Bishop Donald S. Tuttle presiding bishop of the Episcopal church together with his Coadjutor, Dean and twenty-four local rectors officiated at his funeral. (I Dr. C. A. Finley of East Cavalry Baptist Church, Philadelphia, has been tendered a reception on the fifteenth anniversary of his pastorate. He was given a purse of $225. C The colored catholics have had a celebration in New Orleans and were addressed by Cardinal Gibbons. (I Colored Baptists of Texas will raise $86,000 this year for educational purposes. C A conference of the Colored M . E. Church attended by eight bishops and ten general officers was held at Houston, Texas. (I The thirty-fifth anniversary of the pastorate of the Rev. J. M. Armistead of Zion Baptist Church, Portsmouth, Va., has been celebrated by a series of meetings. C St. James Presbyterian Church of New York City has become self-supporting and raised $1,500 at a recent rally. The Rev. F. M . Hyder is the pastor. G Charles Street A. M. E. Church, Boston, has celebrated its fortieth anniversary. POLITICS. FOUR bills against the interests of colored Americans have already been introduced into the 65th congress: two by Representative Vinson to prohibit intermarriage of races and to provide Jim-Crow street cars; one by Mr. Austin to provide a permanent colored military school; a fourth by Mr. Vinson to segregate colored clerks. G Two other bills have been introduced by Mr. Austin both of which are of possible benefit: One to construct a national home for aged and infirm colored people and the other to incorporate a Colored Association of Railway Employees. C It is said that migration will give 30,000 new colored voters to the state of Ohio this year. THE CRISIS (I It is reported that under the new civil service order Negro post masters will be eligible to examination and appointment. C Dr. Sumner Furnis, a leading colored physician of Indianapolis, has been nominated for the common council. d Mayor Curley of Boston has appointed Lucius S. Hicks, a colored lawyer, as assistant registrar of voters. His salary will be $1,400 a year. (I The colored people of Haddonfield, N . J., have nominated Mrs. Edward Washington, a former colored teacher, for the school board. PERSONAL. MR. W. S. Braithwaite spoke at the 20th Century Club, Boston, recently on new tendencies in poetry. (I The Hon. Charles W. Anderson of New York City recently had the misfortune to break his arm. C Alfred Cottman for twenty years a policeman in Philadelphia is dead. (I Mary M. Wilson, a fifteen-year old colored maid employed in St. Louis, saved her white mistress from death at the hands of a drunken Irishman armed with a pistol. G. Mordecai Brown saved a white woman from drowning at the Pass-a-Grille hotel, Florida. &lt;J Harry J. Taylor has been appointed to the police force at Everett, Mass. He has long stood high on the eligible list but was refused appointment on account of color. C Philip H. Murray, editor of the St. Louis Advance, is dead at the age of seventy-four. G William Duggar, a colored boy, lost his life by drowning at Virginia Beach, Va., in trying to save a white fellow seaman. (I William Dean Howells lunched recently at a colored public school in Savannah, Ga. C Dr. Matthew O. Ricketts of St. Joseph, Mo., a graduate of the University of Nebraska and member of the state legislature from 1893 to 1895, died January 15th. G William E. Bayless, former city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier, has been made business manager to succeed the late William M . Page. G Mr. C. W. Cansler of the colored high school appeared before the Knoxville, Ten nessee, Philosophical Society to give a mathematical demonstration. G Musical America says of R. Nathaniel Dett's "Music in the Mine," described as "an unaccompanied folk-song scene":— "The whole thing is original, splendidly conceived, and it should make a very attractive number for efficient choral organizations." The piece is dedicated to the Australian pianist-composer, Percy Grainger, who is an admirer of Afro-American folksong. G The Boston Transcript of a recent date devotes two columns to the "Rise and Progress of Harry T. Burleigh," the distinguished Afro-American baritone-composer. Of Mr. Burleigh's new song, "In the Wood of Finvara," Musical America of March 17th says: "Mr. Burleigh writes today with a greater freedom, a tenser emotionalism, a broader suggestion and withal a subtler touch than in his songs of last year. * * * 'In the Wood of Finvara' is a masterpiece. We are certain of that; and we know that it is not the exception with its composer. This song seems to be made up of a series of inspired moments, which, taken collectively, constitute a very important contribution to the literature of the contemporary art-song." C Inquiry is made for Jesse Mansfield Mc-Kinney who left his home, Lewisville, Ark., at the age of twelve years some eighteen years ago. His mother, father and sister would like to know his whereabouts. G Miss Nannie H. Burroughs of Washington, D. C. was one of the speakers at the Ruby anniversary banquet given at the Hotel Astor, New York City, recently. This celebration was under the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society to commemorate forty years of work. ATHLETICS. THE is reminded that Robert W. C risis Marshall, a colored student of the University of Minnesota was named as the All America left-end in football by Walter Camp in 1905 and 1906. G The athletic carnival of the Smart Set Athletic Club of Brooklyn, N. Y., was given recently with Howard P. Drew as the star. The J. B. Taylor memorial cup was among the trophies. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Creating an Estate of One Thousand Dollars with Twenty-five Dollars Standard Life Completes Your Life-Line Insurance Company Actual statistics recently compiled show that out of every hundred men considered to be in fairly comfortable circumstances only one lives to be fifty and leaves anything but insurance at death. It is the task of a life-time to accumulate a fortune. It means long years of toil and deprivation, with the ever-present likelihood of having all that you have earned swept away by some untoward and unforeseen misfortune. Instances are plentiful where men have accumulated enough property to keep them in comfort the rest of their days, to leave enough to protect their loved ones after they are gone, and then have a sudden decline in real-estate values or a break in the stock market sweep away all they have beyond any chance of recall. Are you willing to have your wife and children run such a risk? Do you know that you are that hundredth man and that you can afford to wait? If you know that you cannot die for twenty-five years yet, you can afford to wait. But if you are human, like the rest of us, your time for insuring is NOW. Let us suppose that you are thirty-five years of age and in good health. For just $24.25 you can create immediately an estate of ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS , payable immediately upon your death. The time to do this is right now, today. Last year 25,000 men waited sixty days too long. Are you going to | \ do the same thing? Fill out the coupon in the lower corner, answering *. every question, and mail it today to the Home Office and assure your \ dependents of a chance in life after you have passed on. \ ^ No matter where you live we can protect you. 3a-\ standard LIFE INSURANCE CO. Please send me particulars about insurance. \ \ Home Office Amount $ Sex ^ 200 AUBURN AVE., ATLANTA, GEORGIA Age ^ Capital Stock, fully paid . . $ 125,000.00 weight \  Insurance in force . . . 4,000,000.00 s Height v Occupation N ^ OLD LINE LEGAL RESERVE Name v \ HEMAN E. PERRY, President Address \ HARRY H. PACE, Sec. Treasurer (C. May, 1917) ^ Mention The Crisis 44 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE GHETTO. GOVERNOR FERGUSON of Texas, who is threatened with impeachment, began his defense by calling his accuser, Senator W. A. Johnson, a "nigger." C W. Ashbie Hawkins of the Baltimore branch of the N. A. A. C. P. has filed a brief of the segregation cases before the Supreme Court of the United States. C At Eufaula, Okla., George Martin, a white man, while drunk insulted a colored woman and struck one of her children. She called her husband, Neal Carson, who killed Martin. A mob is hunting for Carson. Q Edward Jackson of Danville, Va., who snatched a purse containing one dollar has been sentenced to ten years in the penitentiary. (I The mayor of Lakeland, Fla., has suspended the chief of police for beating a young colored man in order to make him plead guilty to a charge of gambling. C A fifth reprieve has been given Joe Campbell the colored convict of Illinois charged with murder. d Edmund J. Murch a retired capitalist of Bangor, Maine, who used to spend his winters in Florida has been killed by George Thompson of Jacksonville, a Negro restaurant proprietor. Thompson found Murch in Thompson's home with Mrs. Thompson. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: March 12, Maysville, Ky. — William Sanders for alleged theft of an overcoat and defending himself against the posse. March 19, Dyersburg, Tenn.—William Thomas, hanged by a mob for shooting an officer. He had escaped from jail and had been already shot by a deputy sheriff. March 28, Pelham, Ga.—Joe Nowling, killed by a mob. No reason known. FOREIGN. THE leader of the revolt against the Turks in the city of Mecca is E l Husein Ibn Ali, an Arab of Negro descent. (I The British transport, Mendi, was recently sunk off the Isle of Wight and 615 native South African laborers drowned. C Raiswaldi Georgis a cousin of the late Menelik of Abyssinia has been crowned king of Wallou, Goudar and Bekember which are subsidiary states in the Abyssinian empire. Mrs. M. Watson Rudd of the Ideal Exclusive Parlors announces a Special Course in the Art of Beauty Culture during the summer months. This course is planned with special reference to teachers and students contemplating a summer in New York City. As the size of Jhe class is limited prospective students should apply early. Address Mrs. M . Watson Rudd, 47 West 42d Street, New York City. Red Rose Face Powder Made in all shades to suit your complexion; heals and beautifies. Price 50c. Sample size 20c. Red Rose Cold Cream For dry faces. Price 50c and 25c. Red Rose Vanishing Cream For oily faces. Price 50c and 25c. Red Rose Beauty Cream For use at night; a real skin food that cleanses, softens and preserves. Price 75c and 50c. All made of the best materials. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO., 239 West 63d St., New York City J. R. WIGGINS, Manager. KASHMIR INSTITUTE Trains men and women in modern, scientific methods of hair and skin culture. KASHMI R graduates earn $20.00 to 540.00 per week. Great demand for them. LEARN "THE KASHMIR WAY" Write for catalog. Kashmir Institute—Dept. K . 4709 State St. Chicago, 111. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS, Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO PLAYERS Acting Three Plays of Negro Life and Legend By Direction RIDGELY TORRENCE ROBERT EDMOND JONES Dr. W . E. Burghardt DuBois calls the production "Epoch making." The New York TRIBUNE says it is a "Triumph." The New York GLOB E calls it "The most important performance of the season." Cyril V . Briggs, dramatic critic of the AMSTER DA M NEWS , says it "Deserves the support of all." The Art of the Colored Race Established on Broadway It Needs YOUR Support. Music by the Clef Club NOW PLAYING AT THE35th St., GARRICK East of BroadwayTELEPHONE GREELEY THEATRE  NE W YORK CITY  6224 Mention T h e C risi s THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY PROMINENT NEGROES Issued by The Neale Publishing Company, New York, N. Y. The American Cavalryman. By Henry F. Downing Mr. Downing perhaps has had a more varied career than any other living Negro from the Civil War to the war between the United States and Germany. He was the first colored man to represent the United States at a city of a white government, by appointment of President Cleveland. He introduced Coleridge-Taylor to the London Public. He persuaded Liberia to open its doors to foreign capital. Merely to recount his activities in public life of the^ past fifty years would take a volume. But his highest renown has been won as a man of letters, and this is a romance of Liberia—a romance of a very high order, written by the only man who could have written it. $1.50 by mail. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors By J. N. Leger M. Leger, formerly represented Haiti as Minister to the United States, and later represented Haiti as a member of the Peace Conference, att The Hague. In Europe as well as in America he is regarded as one of the ablest men of his race. Two editions: one in English and one in French. Illustrated. Each edition $8.20 by mail. The Facts of Reconstruction By John R. Lynch Major Lynch, an officer of the United States Army, lived through Reconstruction, and took a lively part therein. He served as a Member of Congress, later became Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, and by far the greater part of his adult life has been passed in public service. The late Sen. Hoar in his "Autobiography" referred to Major Lynch in high terms. Illustrated. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail.+ Redder Blood By William M . Ashby Prof. Ashby was recently graduated from Yale. This novel, his first book, is a valuable contribution to the literature of his race. $1.00 by mail. Ethiopia By Clayton Adams Mr. Adams writes of the Land of Promise in this powerful novel,—the adjective is used deliberately. The ancient Kingdom of Ethiopia has passed away, but its name still lives, not only as the proper appellation of the Negro race, but also figuratively, principally to designate the invisible kingdom of na tive Africans and their descendants. $1.00 by mail. Race Adjustment By Kelly Miller Prof. Miller, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, is easily in the first rank of Negro teachers, writers, orators, and leaders, and is so recognized on both sides of the Atlantic. This volume comprises his essays on the Negro in America that won for him fame as a man of letters when they were first published periodically. Third edition. $2.16 by mail. Out of the House of Bondage By Kelly Miller This volume by Dean Miller contains the essays that he had written up to the time of its publication that were not included in his earlier volume, "Race Adjustment," and have been written since the earlier volume was published. Already the sale of this new volume has been large. $1.65 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa By George W. Ellis Mr. Ellis was for eight years Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia. _ Since his return to America, he has written extensively on the Negro and his problems, and has taken a prominent place among the leaders of his race. In many respects this latest book of his is the most important work on the Negro yet published,—the Negro in Africa. Illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church By John H. Reed The Rev. Dr. Reed, D.D., K.C., writes authoritatively on the subject matter of his book. Introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. The Black Man's Burden By William H. Holtzclaw Prof. Holtzclaw is the founder and the principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, already one of the largest educational institutions in the South. Introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Third thousand. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales By Joseph S. Cotter Prof. Cotter is the principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Like Prof. Ashby and Mr. Adams, Prof. Cotter reveals Negro life in imaginative prose fiction,—a branch of literature to which Negro authors should give greater attention. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam By John Walter Paisley Prof. Paisley, for many years a professor of English Literature, has assembled in this volume his own poems. The book deserves a place on the library shelf where Dunbar's fine poems are to be found. $1.25 by mail. The New Negro By William Pickens Dean Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class. There he won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. In this book, the full title of which is "The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status," he discusses with great force and clarity nearly all the pressing political problems that now confront his race. $1.60 by mail. The Key By James S. Stemons Mr. Stemons is the Field Secretary of the Joint Organization for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. He holds this work to be what its full title implies: "The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem." Undoubtedly the work is a powerful study of the Negro and his problems. $1.00 by mail. Order through 440 Fourth Avenue Fifth Avenue New York City THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., or THE CRISIS, 70 New York City Mention TH I CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monograph. Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. _ An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cham pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Be longs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York* N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be nude in commissions by parties" handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. TEACHER S connecting medium in a busi Address! E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK A live, agency furnishes the ness way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Mary land, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Caro lina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. T eachers (all subjects) .Ei «r» Ml mj MX ij and interpreters STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY Established 1897 1011 New York Avenue Washington, D.C. Wanted—Traveling Salesmen Although a Negro author, the novels of Oscar Micheaux have their largest circulation over the northwest—Minn., Iowa, North and South Dakota and Nebraska. We can use several practical young men of the highest intelligence in this work. Each man is sent out under the tutelage of an experienced salesman for a week before being sent out by himself. Salary and commission with expenses guar anteed. Address Western Book Supply Com pany, Publishers, Sioux City, Iowa. The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly |100 Pages] - Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON" THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated re search into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered his torical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable docu ments giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON 1216 You St., N. W. Washington,D. C. University Literary Bureau Manuscript Criticized and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication Correspondence Solicited Strictly Confidential Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Lock ADDRESS : Box 102, Howard University, Washington, D. C. Correct Calling Cards POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN. IOO FOR SO CENTS OR 5O FOR 30 CENTS. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. Mention TheCrisis 48 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for Men and Women School of Mechanical Dentistry Complete in Eighth Months. Night or Day. Write for Booklet, etc. A. O. BRANSON &amp; CO., 52 W. 135th St., New York City KASHMIR PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN IMPORTED "Better than the Best" GUARANTEED Learn "The Kashmir Way" Kashmir Wonder Skin Preparation Kashmir Hair Beautifier Kashmir Cream Face Powder Kashmir Cold Creme Kashmir Vanishing Creme Sold in 50c sizes—Postage 8c extra A KASHMIR GIRL C *FREE Beautiful Illustrated Write today for your Beauty copy Book KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K 4709 State Street CHICAGO , ILL . Hand Made Natural Human Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Putts, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. WE CARRY THE LARGEST STOCK IN ELECTRIC COMBS Mail Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W. I. Send 2c for catalog. Mme. Baum's Hair Emporium, Inc., 486 Eighth Avenue, New York City Between 34th and 35th Streets Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	49 // It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS.	 L.JONES. Pres, N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio Open July 1st Closed September 10th C	 O L ORED HELP We shall require a large number of competent persons, women and men, to fill positions in private families, hotels, etc., during coming spring and summer. Wages up to $100 per month. Send stamp for reply. NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY INDUSTRIAL EXCHANGE Bloomfield &amp; N. Fullerton Aves., Montclair, N. J. Langford &amp; Lake Aves., Asbury Park, N. J. 1931 Broadway Cor. 65th St., New York City. ' See the Selected List on THE OCEAN HOUSE Books? the Back Cover SEA ISLE CITY, N. J. HOTEL WASHINGTON This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where First-class service for First-class peopleone has a beautiful view of the sea while dining, 3428 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. and every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July; room and board, $8.00 per week. Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, L , I. Address after June 22nd, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. A "Womanly" Way To	 Remove Hair The Truth about the Bible—introductory price $2.00 Why Jesus was a Man and not a Women—$1.50 El-Rado SanitarySexology of the Bible— $1.25 Liquid The	 Duality of the Bible—$1.50 "The sex Idea of these books make them the world's Washes the hair off by dissolving it. greatest books." E. B. Ramsey, M. D. "Will empty our insane asylums, hospitals, and jails." Women fairly revel in the comfort and J. H. Powell, M. D. cleanliness of hair-free underarms. "The world's most revolutionary books." After using El-Rado chiffon sleeves You should read the sex Idea of these books. can be worn without any dress shields. Address the Author Entirely harmless. Money-back guarantee. W. A. Swann, M. D. SIDNEY C. TAPF. Ph.B., P. 0. Box 710, Kansas City, Mo. At all toilet counters. 50c and $1.00 If you prefer, we will fill your order by mail if you write enclosing stamps or coin. MM I. LELIA W. ROBINSON 110 W. 136th Street. NEW YORK Summer School for Teachers The	 SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing SELMA UNIVERSITY, SELMA, ALA. LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER June 11-July 20, 1917 	A Guaranteed Food Preparation for the Hair. Price 50 cents per box. Alabama Certificates Extended Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. Extensive Practical Courses Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble Send for Bulletin 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. filention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Telephones: $195 LooK express paid HARRY E. DAVIS TAILORED MEASURE •Pants To get you for asteady customer, this swell Dress or Business pants, tailored-to-measure, choice \ of 17 styles.Guaranteed forl 8months\L , v solid wear, or Money Back—Quick.wv^ Genuine $5 value. Only 1 to a customer. gr^» Not 1c For Extras Al l novelty features are free—no charge for big Peg Tops, fancy cuffs, fancy belt loops and pocket flaps. Pick your choice from our FREE or dering outfit containing over 1000 cloth and style combinations. This pin—GOLD Finished FREE vou Classy lapel pin with your first order only 350 on hand, get yours quick. f Send No Cash Profits ing measuresof I Money 1relatives and neighbors, young Nat. Spriggs made $139 in 30 days. Buy at lowest wholesale prices ..„.,". . , for yourself. Write for ,„„ CHICAGO TAILORS ASS'N . FREE samples today. Depl 400 515 So. Franklin Si., Chicago SPECIAL OFFER A year's subscription to TH E CRISIS will be given to anyone sending in at one time five new paid-up yearly subscriptions to TH E CRISIS. The offer holds good until midnight of June 30, 1917. AND THIS FREE UT0M0BILE Every Agent Can GET Auto FREE NO CONTEST Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years Yon—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto. I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to advertise. Bell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDIN G BATH TUB. Demonstrating Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention—nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom In any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakahle. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years, Remember, fully 10% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit In 30 days. Rev. Otto Scbulze, Mo., got S1600to date. Buckholder, Mont., orders $1072 in 17 days, Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that, pleasant, permanent, fasoinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit Is good If you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postoard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week. H. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG. CO. 4291 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO Attorney-at-La w Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counsellor at law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counsellor at law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney-at-Law Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel 5437 Tort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write for Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York Feet PAINLESS treatment for CORNS, BUNIONS, INGROWN NAILS, and ALL ' other AILMENTS of the FEET. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER ma ^ r CHIROPODIST Registered In the States of New York and New Jersey Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., New York City. Mail Order Dealers Let the Sell valuable instruction systems by cut price cou -4 in 1 pon under Money Back Guarantee. Big- Margin. Coupon Plan Small Selling Expense. Complete Plan, Sample Increase Coupons and Bargain Bulletin sent on request. Your Profits Mail Dealer's Coupon System 521 so. Dearborn Street, Chicago Mention T h * Crisis A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per 60c. net volume. Each complete and sold separately -Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 6o cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention T he C risis the CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University ofthese days is a collection ofbooks."—Carlyle. A Selected list of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A N EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 TH E LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley). 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THENEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 TH E WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF AMAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND His FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford)... 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York