The Freewoman , made Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 29. Vol. II. THURSDAY, JUNE 6, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper.. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS The Servile State. II. 41 Topics of the Week: Political Offences 43 Champions of Morality. By C. H. Norman 45 The Fetish of the Domestic "Sweat Shop." By Himandher 46 East and West. By E. K. Guthrie 47 Minor Poets. By Rebecca West 48 Trafalgar Square. By T. Bayard Simmons 49 The Malatesta Scandal. By Guy A. Aldred 50 Interpretations of Life. By Harry J. Birnstingl 50 The First Line of Defence. By Helen Hamilton 51 The Love of Woman. By C. W. L. 54 A Twentieth Century Arcadia. By Horace B. Samuel 55 Correspondence: Political Offenders 55 Woman and the House 56 A Reply 56 The Melancholy Mr. Roche 57 " The Sins of the Fathers upon the Children " 58 Religious or Pagan 58 Atheists 59 THE SERVILE STATE. II, THE ideal of attainment in a Servile State is that already achieved by the more valuable of our beasts of burden. The summum bonum of serfs is good stabling, tolerable fodder, clean straw, and plenty of regular work—what a trade union of mismanaged draught-horses might be expected to demand. " The restlessness of the workers is not the peevishness of childish envy. They are not clamouring for motor-cars. They are not asking for freak dinners. Nor do they want to spend their time on golf links. But they do want the opportunity to work, and a guarantee that those who do the work should have guaranteed to them a decent livelihood," " A decent minimum of food and clothing, leisure and recreation, and houses fit for human beings." So says Mr. Vernon Hartshorn, writing on " What We Want " in the Daily Mail, and thus speak all slaves, which are those who have lost their right to deal with their fellows on equal terms; who are willing to submit to terms in exchange for permission to live. " A slave is a person who has permitted another person or other persons to slip between himself and the free access to his potential means of subsistence, which is land. The slave, that is, the landless man, thus allows himself to be placed in the power of other persons. He abandons his free will, and invites coercion. A person with the power of exerting free will, and yet acquiescing in conditions which deny the exercise of free will, is immoral. A person without this conscious power, acquiescing in such conditions, is not immoral, but merely amoral. He has not yet risen to the level where immorality is possible. In the scale of values he belongs to the sphere the advantages of which he instinctively seeks to obtain, i.e., the sub-human, that of the beasts of burden, which we drive, coerce, pen up, and use to serve our purposes. To this last belong, according to his words, such beings as Mr. Vernon Hartshorn. To the former class, the Immoral, belong persons capable of exercising free will, but who lack the pluck, as a handful against the world, to resist conditions which deny its exercise. In the Servile State, over against the enslaved, stand the enslavers, the persons who knowingly deprive human beings of their opportunity to act as free men. They are those who hold the land against their fellows, who store up its products, who manipulate these products in such a manner as to allow to filter to the enslaved just sufficient to enable the slaves to go on working in order to produce more. They are evil in essence. Their mission is to produce evil and negate good; to turn creation on itself. To make men something inferior to men for the perverted joy of acting immorally towards them is their ideal. They call this ideal the acquiring of power. The Napoleonic principle, whether in politics or finance, is nothing save the principle of evil made manifest. The devil is not the Mephistophelian entity which poets depict; the devil is the will to coerce, to overcome free will, and is embodied in landholders and rich men. Hence the absurdity of the argument that social unrest will cease when the Immoral genially rub shoulders with the Amoral, or even when the Immoral treat the Amoral well. In a rotten world, there is one sign of health, and it is the Unrest. If in this worldwide welter of corrupted and corrupting there appeared any signs of Rest or of Balance, then the night of human death would, indeed, be upon us The Unrest reveals that both Immoral and Amoral are uneasy in their parts; the human and the moral go together. Human nature is incapable of settling either beneath morality or against it, and because the Servile State stands at the one end for the negation of morality and at the other for its denial, the Servile State must be destroyed. Humanly speaking, the State whose life is based on slavery calls aloud for destruction, and to enter upon an aggressive war in response to this call is a primary duty of a free people. Such a war as that of North and South in America for the freeing of the slaves 42 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 was one so fundamentally right that the amazement is that it could have had place in a time so little remote from our own, and its rightness obtains even in face of all the difficulties which are resultant upon the sudden freeing of an enslaved people. The bitterness and the horror of the servile condition to-day is that all nations alike are involved in it. There is no knight-errant among the nations with will and power to free the rest. The servitude which rests upon all alike is the same in kind, nor does it differ to any appreciable extent in degree. The tendrils of cosmopolitan capitalism spread out North, South, and East and West. There are no free areas, a fact which explains why revolt, when it comes, will of necessity be fundamental, and why the effort towards recovery is likely to be violent. It will necessitate the overcoming of one principle by another. It will necessitate Morality destroying Immorality; the Human overcoming the Sub-human; Free Will conquering Necessity. It means the replacement of one system because its existence is the contradiction of another. The capitalist system is bad in itself. The more it becomes perfect, the more it becomes vicious. It is based on the principle that there are men who have nothing to sell save themselves. They have no products to exchange; being divorced from the land, how is it possible they should have? " Nothing in their hands they bring," they might say in very truth. Hence they have nothing they can exchange. The difference between the free man and the slave is embodied in this: the free man seeks to exchange the products of his labour: the slave seeks to sell his labour (which is himself, being his only negotiable commodity). The sale of labour is the basis of immorality; it is the contradiction of freedom, and it is the basis of capitalism. Any man or woman who is divorced from land is compelled to sell his labour; hence divorce from the land is the beginning of all human iniquity. Every child born in every land should have a right to an inalienable, untaxed, unrented area of land equal to a single subsistence area. When the population approaches the limit of what the land will bear, means should be taken to limit the population. The proposition's simple enough. A slave is a human contradiction. He is a fearsome blight, a reminder of the abyss from which we have emerged, but against which we hope to have set our backs for ever. So, when workers' spokesmen whine out that what the workers want is, not theories, but bread; not radical change, but betterment, we are faced with a spectacle which calls out a revulsion of feeling of a kind associated only with degradation. If Mr. Hartshorn represents his fellows faithfully, the situation is a desperate one indeed. We believe, however, that he does not; that he represents that part of the workers who, while not being Amoral, i.e., sub-human, enslaved, are not yet articulately Moral. These inarticulate representatives of inarticulate workers are thrust forward into negotiations with those who are very articulately Immoral, i.e., the rich. Hence, looking at the struggle as represented in the stating of the case from the side of the rich and from the side of the workers' representatives, the verdict up to the present goes against the workers because they have the tone of slaves. But what they say apart, they act up to a point as free men. Consider the recent strikes. The miners' strike was not for bread; it was for temper, first and foremost; for increased pay only in a secondary degree. Consider the Lancashire cotton strike: pure temper—with only the most questionable nominal excuse. The same is true of the transport workers' strike. Now temper is the very best reason for a strike, its most moral reason; better than a demand for increased pay, and poles removed from the merely nominal reasons put forward in the two last-named strikes, i.e., the objection to employment of non-union men. Nothing is more certain than the fact that modern strikes represent temper, and nothing is more hopeful. As soon as this " moral-seeking " unrest among men becomes articulate, the workers will come out from their " jobs " not for any advancement in particular, but frankly in the name of their affronted humanity—their manhood. When they have educated or deposed their Hartshorns, they will come out from their employment because they refuse to be " employed." They will employ themselves in order to live, and they will live by the bartering of their products or the exchange value of their time, and not by the sale of themselves. They will realise there is no merit in wealth for wealth's sake, only opportunity for life's sake that is of value. There is nothing whatever to be proud of in our present long list of exports and imports. The only matter in which we can take a rational pride is in the measure that opportunity is available for each inhabitant to develop his powers to the utmost. Our wealth is not in our productions, but in what we can show in regard to human culture and capacity. An immoral plutocracy, ruling over a well-fed, " employed " helotry, is marked down with spiritual paralysis, no matter what wealth it produces in a material way. The social unrest marks a development of emphasis from the mere " Having " and " Doing " instinct to that of " Being." The servile, capitalist State puts the emphasis so greatly upon " Having " among the few that it is contemptuous of the negation of " Being " it necessitates in both the Few and the Many. A Rockefeller has so great a contempt for humanity that he involves in it both himself and mankind without a qualm. It may be argued that such a person merely used an advantage which almost anyone would have used had he had the ability; that wealth in its initial stage is the rent of ability, which is a necessary charge. It is as well to look into this rent of ability, as it goes very far into the ramifications of the Servile State. If we can destroy the case for rent of ability, we shall have removed the central pillar upon which the Servile State rests. Rent for land when the community drives off the destroyers will annul itself. Rent of capital—usury—the un-Christian, latterday fungus, has run its thug-like course to the point at which short shrift will be accorded it. Only rent of ability can lift its head with the barest show of seemliness. This seemliness will not, however, weather through a scrutiny higher than that of any save the most primitive. It will not weather the test of gentlemanliness, for instance. Ability enters the ring with a natural advantage, which makes its task easier without merit, and it uses the advantage to extort further advantages from those who are less well equipped to keep up the race. The gifted might foe a natural aristocracy, practising the code of a higher order—a chivalry based on conscious strength. Instead the gifted use their gifts as weapons to confound the less gifted. A gifted man should do not less, but more than his fellows—because he can. The scramble among the gifted to grow rich shows how hardly even the higher talents can survive a slave-impregnated atmosphere. The unholy alliance between men of letters and capital to-day is the culminating point of a system so rotten that it infects its wisest with its blind stupidity and grossness. How many men of commanding genius can the cause of freedom count unsullied in its service to-day? The man of talent, stalwart of freedom in his youth June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 43 and poverty, becomes recognised, and allows himself to grow rich, very rich. Then the change comes. Where once he strode, now he totters; where once he blazed, he flickers; once he vowed fealty to freedom, now he coquettes with her. Neither talent nor genius are whole-hearted in their allegiance to freedom to-day; oftener than not, they are in alliance with oppression. The Promethean fire of genius, which should be sacred to the uplifting of men, is bartered away to those who use it to grind underfoot the desires and aspirations of men. The immorality of the gifted in lending their gifts in the service of oppression is of a deadlier kind than that of the merely rich. The man whose stupidity and gross lack of imagination has allowed him to grow rich at the cost of sharing in the enslavement of peoples, is a different person from the imaginative man who knows what he does, and prostitutes his talent in doing it. The perfidy of talented men in relation to liberty is the blackest crime yet written down in the history of humanity. It is a dangerous thing for a man who believes he has talent to allow himself to grow rich; he has a heritage too sacred to hazard the besmirching which comes of contact with riches. We need an aristocracy of genius vowed to poverty. Far from holding fast to the rent of talent and genius, talent and genius should be the first to denounce the iniquity of rent. So, not for the first time, "noblesse oblige " would operate in a genuine aristocracy. So will those who merely have something be put in their rightful relation towards those who are something. So shall we approach the dissolution of the Servile State—the great revolution which will drive out the usurpers and those who fatten on the slavery of the weak. This revolution is coming. Ideas to the contrary, based upon the inarticulateness of present-day workers, will live their short day, but they will be wrong. Very soon the workers will be articulate. They will be obeying not an imperious but vague impulse when they refuse to be employed; they will know in what kind of cause they are fighting—not for more bread, but for human freedom. Their cause will become a religion; their war a religious war; and religious wars are fought to a finish. Therein they differ from bread-wars, which are skirmishes for the moment. Religious wars are life-wars; they stand for forces which have struggled through creation to decide their destiny in the given moment of time. Whether the coming revolution will work itself out m bloodshed depends largely upon the factor of internationalism. Inasmuch as the workers of the world move together and attack together, fear and powerlessness will induce the capitalist mirage to disperse. If, however, the countries bell the cat one by one, despair on the one hand and effrontery on the other will combine to egg capital on to a trial of strength. It would appear that the international factor is more likely to be on the side of the less violent. The threatening temper of the American proletariat, combined with the efficient if inarticulate development towards action in England, point to a possibility of the new era being ushered in with a minimum of violence. But violent or peaceful, the revolution must come, and credit can be accorded to a man in proportion to the assistance he has lent in furthering it on. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Political Offences. IS it possible to drive a shaft of clear argument through the misty reasoning of good-natured, progressive people? One can try at least, and then try again. The reasoning in respect of political offences is even mistier than progressive reasoning is ordinarily, since the clamour of persons with very diverse motives for outcry join in the common babel. Those who believe in no punishment at all for certain people; those who believe in special kinds of punishment for special people; and those who disbelieve in the punishment involved in the present prison system for any kind of people, all these join their discordant theories into one unintelligible clamour of dissent. Anyone who can dissociate the dissimilar elements deserves well of his fellows. We, therefore, venture to enter the lists again in the hope of adding some little to the body of enlightenment. Let us for the moment concentrate upon the question of popular feeling concerning the political offender. The feeling will become more intelligible if we distinguish four main features in regard to it. 1. We are all aware that " intentioned " action takes its birth in thought. Thought, therefore, is an extraordinarily powerful factor, from which all evil action, as well as good, springs. The law of a State, however, can rightly only concern itself, save in its arrangements for general education, with completed action. For between thought and action, though they are akin, there is a great gulf fixed. The man who thinks out the possibilities of committing a crime, but who refrains from carrying his thought into action, though he is a possible danger to the community, is rightly out of the clutches of the law. A suspicious and timorous State, however, knowing the danger of thought, desires, in an underhand way, to stretch the arm of the law to cover the thought before it has resulted in action. Progressive people, therefore, who feel that the highest good of the State may upon occasion be found in destructive action, are very jealous of interference with thought which, as far as the jurisdiction of the law is concerned, is stillborn. The action of the suspicious State we see embodied in the treatment of Malatesta, a man blameless as far as the law is concerned, but who is to be deported because he is an Anarchist. A people which will tolerate such a case is in danger of suffering from worse ills than come of criminal action. So with the case of Mr. Tom Mann, Mr. Bowman, the W.S.P.U. "leaders" in 1908, and infinitely more blatantly, Miss Malecka at the present moment. In the incitement cases, had the soldiers refused to obey orders, the law would have dealt with the treasonable soldiers, and also with those who had incited them to act treasonably. The same holds with those who incited persons to " rush " the House of Commons. The feature for the law to take note of was that the soldiers did not refuse to shoot, and the House of Commons was never " rushed." For the engines of the law to be put in motion when no action has taken place very naturally and very properly rouses indignation against the State. State action has over-stepped its authority. This explains the widespread indignation in all the cases we have mentioned; it explains why Sir Edward Clarke and Mr. F. E. Smith are very properly at liberty. At the present moment, many persons are uttering very rebellious and anarchistic sentiments. The time for the law to deal with them will be when the sentiments are translated into action. It must be put to the credit of the W.S.P.U. that some modi- 44 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 cum of their very rebellious utterances has been translated into action, which broke the law and resulted in damage on one occasion to the extent of £5,000. We leave aside for the moment the very important human, but not legal, consideration as to whether this action was justified by circumstance, and face the present demand for preferential treatment for the devisers and organisers of this damage. The demand is, that they shall be treated as they rightfully demanded to be treated four years ago, i.e., that, having committed no offence, they had done nothing to justify punishment at all. There should at that time have been no conviction. That there was, was nothing save an instance of political malice, on account of which the State was not content to punish law-breaking when it arose, but timorously sought to prevent law-breaking, which they feared might possibly take place. At present the State has a totally different case to deal with. It is one in which incitement to action has taken effect, violence has been done, and the law, of set intention, broken. Punishment has been accorded, not for opinions held, or action contemplated, but for violence successfully engineered. The demand now is that punishment shall be annulled, or that preferential treatment shall be given, as compared with that given to ordinary persons who commit similar offences. In 1908 the W.S.P.U. were asking for justice: they are now asking for favour. Leaving this aspect, we go on to deal with another feature of the predilection which popular feeling has for the " political offence," and which seeks to secure for it light treatment. 2. This comes under the consideration of Mob Psychology, under stress of which men enter upon impulsive actions. They act from an idea so vague that one can only roughly call it motive. The action itself is so haphazard and decided by chance that deliberate intention to break the law can be ruled out. Such actions as shop-looting and window-breaking, which sometimes occur among large crowds of starving men, come under this category, and popular feeling rightly demands that such cases should be lightly dealt with, and this not on account of the motive of the action, but because of its impulsiveness, which is merely another way of describing its lack of intention. This popular feeling finds itself translated into law by the correspondence which judgment should maintain between intention and punishment. 3. Let us now consider the case of " preferential treatment for political offenders." We consider that the whole notion has grown up out of an utter confusion of thought on the part of quite the very nicest-minded people. The intentional law-breaker has no claim to favoured treatment in the name of Right, or of Expediency, or of Human Dignity. All that we have to consider in criticising the administration of the law in respect of persons accused in connection with agitations related to demands for the alteration of the fabric of Society, comes under one or more of these three main categories: (1) The exercising of political malice in order to catch up thought-disturbing persons before they have contravened the law, as in the case of Malatesta; (2) the exercising of undue savagery in passing sentence upon an actual contravention of the law which has taken place during political unrest; and (3) the ignoring of the impulsiveness of action, i.e., the lack of intention in acts committed under stress of mob emotion during a state of political upheaval. All these cases represent potential avenues of tyranny, against which lovers of freedom have to guard. This accounts for the very tender feeling which, quite illogically, has come to surround the acts of political agitators in all grades and circumstances, thus reducing the institution of law to an absurdity. If there is any virtue in law at all, it must be powerful enough to apply itself without fear or favour to the King, a pickpocket, a washerwoman, or a saint. Otherwise, how are we all equal before the law? It becomes clear that political offenders' treatment is only another name for favour. By a swing of the sentimental pendulum, which carries us out as far from justice as the opposing swing towards severity, we have converted the disproportionate savagery formerly aimed at political rebels into a sneaking desire that political offenders should be above the law; that embodied in the law itself there should be a promise that motive shall nullify punishment for action; that rebels should be the pets of the law, inasmuch as their actions will be judged more leniently than the actions of others; that rebellion, indeed, shall become a soft job. All these assumptions, upon close examination, will be found implicit in the demand for preferential treatment for rebels. The truth is that the rebel, screwed up to action, is an extremely dangerous person, and one must expect him to recognise his own qualities sufficiently well to know that his excursions into unlimited freedom should suffer at least as much check as those of the irresponsible law-breaker. As philosophic Anarchists, while welcoming rebellion, we want no artificial aids to rebellion. Liberty merges so imperceptibly into license that the only gauge of the sincerity and responsibility of libertarians is for them to be prepared to face the checks which are sufficient to deter the activities of the licentious, but powerless to deter the rebel. This brings us to our fourth consideration, i.e.— 4. The libertarian in rebellion against the State for some great issue. This person, who is rare (rarer indeed than we thought), is the Nemesis of the stupid State. He represents the limit. Legal enactments need not go into any detailed definition of him. His captors will recognise him immediately when they see him. Like the Roman Emperor who discriminated between Christians and nonChristians by the simple device of allowing those who denied their Christianity to go free (knowing that no dangerous Christian would so deny), the State may distinguish the true rebel from the phrase-intoxicated sentimentalist. The true rebel will enter into no terms, accept no compromise, and will mock at preferential treatment. To accept preferential treatment would be a disadvantage to him, while to ask for it would be to cut the ground from under his feet. He has no terms to make save in regard to his main issue. The State, under the circumstances, would have no choice save that of surrendering to him and that of destroying him. This is the choice of alternatives the State is faced with in the case of the hunger-strike, and those who look on must realise that a mere question of prison division is not sufficient to call up such a fundamentally tragic human protest. This protest was for Liberty, both a nearer and a more remote. What the State should do under such ultimate circumstances must be left to the expediency of the moment. If we spoke with the voice of the State we should say, " We surrender "; if we spoke as rebels we should say, " Do your worst." To return to the agitation of the moment, which is demanding preferential treatment for political offenders, we should say, by all means let the " leaders " take their place among whatever aristocracy there may be in a prison. It won't be Justice, and it won't be Rebellion. But what is Justice, and what is Rebellion? June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 45 Champions of Morality. A BILL was recently introduced into Parliament called " The Criminal Law Amendment (White Slave Traffic) Bill." The Bill is being pressed forward by a number of persons who have described themselves as "The Pass-the-Bill Committee." They have alleged that this measure is intended to deal with the white slave traffic. This traffic, which is largely in the hands of the Jews, is a shameful blot on society, and any genuine proposal likely to end it should and would be supported by all humanist reformers. The white slave traffic and prostitution are twin evils. A Bill aimed at the white slave traffic should also be directed against the causes of prostitution. But as prostitution is the moral foundation of present-day society, the present writer was a little surprised to notice a " non-party committee " producing a measure to cure the disease of the white slave traffic. An examination of the Bill, which can be purchased for a penny, was a justification of this surprise. The Bill has very little to do with the white slave traffic. Clause I is the only part of the Bill which has any bearing on the subject. That empowers a constable to take into custody, without a warrant, any person whom he may suspect of having committed, or being about to commit, any offence with regard to procuration. Under the existing law, a warrant is needed. This is merely an extension of the powers of the police. Section 2 increases the remedies of Section 13 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act with regard to the permitting of premises to be used as brothels. By Sub-Section 2, a person charged with the offence of knowing that a house is used as a brothel shall have any previous conviction given in evidence against him "at any stage of the proceedings, and it may be taken into consideration for the purpose of proving knowledge." That clause sins against a fundamental maxim of the English criminal law—that no conviction shall be mentioned against a person charged until the verdict has been given. The promoters of the Bill, no doubt, hoped that the clauses of this measure would not be scrutinised except by similarminded persons to themselves. Section 3 entitles a lessor or landlord to eject any person who has been convicted of permitting premises to be used as a brothel. Section 4 (a) is an incomprehensible amendment to Section 1 of the Vagrancy Act, while 4 (b) is intended to prevent the prostitute having a lover, by treating such an individual in the same way as the bully who compels a woman to go on the streets and earn money against her will for his subsistence. That is the whole of this much-trumpeted measure. The proposals are vicious, and are not curative, but oppressive. Mr. Arthur Lee, Mr. Burgoyne, Mr. Bowerman, Sir Thomas Esmonde, and Lady Bunting may think that prostitutes are such wicked creatures that they should not be allowed to have lovers; and that keepers of brothels are such abandoned members of society that they are not entitled to a fair trial; but they should not put forward such brutal theories as remedies for the white slave traffic. Lord Ellenborough, not a very enlightened man, once said: " Even murderers have their rights." Upon what principle the prostitute should be deprived of the right to love perhaps the promoters of this Bill would be good enough to state. There is an organisation in this country known as the National Vigilance Association. It is probably the parent of this Bill. That Association has been in existence some years. It is time some exceedingly plain questions were put to the persons running that association, as well as to Mr. Arthur Lee, Lady Bunting, and their friends:— (i)_Upon what occasion has the National Vigilance Association attempted to secure a Commission to inquire into the causes of prostitution? (2) What steps has the National Vigilance Association taken to point out to the persons subscribing to its funds and on its committee, that a primal cause of prostitution is the low remuneration paid to women? (3) Has the National Vigilance Association ever suggested to the distinguished persons connected with it that to subscribe to its funds moneys derived from dividends drawn from abominably sweated labour of women and girls is loathsome hypocrisy? (4) What efforts has the National Vigilance Association taken to get a conviction of the wealthy persons for whose pleasures the girl and boy victims of the white slave traffic are supplied? (5) Why has the National Vigilance Association, with its considerable funds, never devoted a farthing towards the collection of evidence against certain notorious theatrical managers? (6) Why has the National Vigilance Association failed to act in any way upon the report of the Chief Constable of Glasgow, who stated that the increase in prostitution in that city was due to the payment of low wages to girls and women? (7) Is the National Vigilance Association a real reform society, or is its existence maintained by those who control it as a satisfaction of the public conscience; but with no genuine intention of educating public opinion so that the sores of prostitution and white slavery may be healed? It is a shocking thing that social ills like prostitution and white slavery should be played with by a lot of persecuting faddists. The prostitute is Ready-to-wear FROCKS Dainty Gown (as sketch) in French Marquisette, finely tucked, trimmed with buttons and ruchings of own material, finished at waist with rosette of satin, and patent belt. 49/6 Black Feather Boas and Ruffles will be in great demand for smart occasions. We have now in stock a wonderful variety at all prices. Also Smart Parasols for the Races. Debenham and Freebody, Wigmore Street (Cavendish Square), London, W. 46 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 there, chiefly because, until women have a decent alternative in the way of earning their bread, a large number must become prostitutes or starve. It is a terrible waste of life and honour. The present writer has endeavoured on several occasions to get a commission appointed on this tragic problem. He never received any assistance from the National Vigilance Association. The politicians and " moral " reformers will not touch the question. Home Secretary after Home Secretary has politely refused to have anything to do with such an inquiry. Were such an inquiry insisted upon by the House of Commons, then the roots of society would be laid bare. The Puritan Labour Party has also declined to urge the Government to set on foot such an investigation. One example must suffice of the methods by which the authorities grapple with this alarming problem. Prostitution, with its accompaniment of venereal disease for the girls and their clients, has been growing, owing to certain economic and social causes, at a prodigious rate in recent years. It is estimated that one woman in twelve in Glasgow is a prostitute, habitual or casual; and one woman in eighteen in London. To cope with this growth in London, the Marlborough Street police magistrate has been very active in fining girls for "accosting." The result of these fines is this. The girls either pay, and then have to walk the streets to earn more money; or go to prison, until their girl friends have raised sufficient funds by prostitution to pay their fines. The girls who are fined for " accosting " are often helped by those who are not harassed by the police. There are some girls who are always being prosecuted; and some who are never prosecuted. An attentive observer in Piccadilly, Regent Street, or Oxford Street would soon discover the reason for this differentiation. These fines are used to maintain the police court, and form part of the fund from which the magistrate's salary is paid. Indeed, crime is a vested interest! But what can be done with a country which is governed in such a manner? Nothing but a revolution can sweeten the air of England, and destroy the putrescence of conventional morality. C. H. NORMAN. The Fetish of the Domestic "Sweat-Shop." WE are frequently reminded that " an army marches upon its stomach," and the eminent Frenchman to whom this saying is attributed well knew what he was talking about. For man must eat to live! Many not very useful men and women, indeed, were they quite honest, would confess that they lived to eat. A vast amount of time, ingenuity, and energy are expended upon the process of preparing food to tickle the palate, and in the consequent afterdrudgery of scouring innumerable dishes, plates, pots and pans, etc. And the intelligent, thinking man or woman of to-day inclines to ask himself or herself the pertinent question: Is this, after all, worth while? It is an indubitable fact that almost as many lives are sacrificed to that private sweat-shop, the kitchen, as in the workshops of any notoriously sweated industry—although we do not so frequently hear about them. Indeed, the army of consumptive cases includes no. inconsiderable percentage of sweated housewives who have fallen victims simply from lack of opportunity to escape from unending tasks within the four walls of their kitchens into the life-giving air of heaven. The overworked middle-class housewife complains, as well she may, of the eternal meals, meals, meals. But does she ever reflect how much of her trouble is due to the blind following of custom, how much of the burden is self-imposed? Man is often defined as a " cooking animal "— a definition that must date back to pre-missionary times, when men were classed, like apples, as " cookers " and " eaters." For, if understood in the sense that the Human Male is an animal that cooks his food, such a definition does not stand a moment's examination. Let us apply some tests. The first thing to be noticed is that in the average household, the cook is not Man (in the Franchise acceptation of the word), but Woman. Male cooks, we find, are exceptional, and command exceptional salaries— showing that to cook is repugnant to Man, if not absolutely unManly, and is never willingly undertaken by Man excepting for a handsome pecuniary consideration. To pursue the examination, let us try to imagine a case not perhaps impossible, even in an impeccable middle-class household. Supposing a Man to be left to himself for a single day, and that the emergency occurs so suddenly and inopportunely that the victim cannot be provided by his household angels with ample and varied store of ready-cooked provisions. He has therefore, for once, poor wretch! to be his own caterer, his own cook. What will he do? Being human, unsportsmanlike, possessed of some means, and male, his first idea is to take all his meals, under such circumstances, at his restaurant or club. Not being quite without bowels of compassion, we will allow him to go outside for his principal meal—his dinner; but he must positively take his other meals at home. What will our domestic Crusoe do? Will he— mark well this important interrogatory—will he devote imagination and pains to the creation of an elegant repast, such as his wife and maids would have laid before him? Not he! His first, final, and only thought is to get over the uncongenial difficulty as quickly and as easily as possible. He may lay a perfunctory cloth—if he can find it; otherwise a newspaper will serve--not to please himself, but to keep his wife in a good humour. The thought that a vase of flowers would add decorative effect to the cloth, or newspaper, does not enter his material mind. Not being stoical enough to do without tea or coffee, he makes it himself, over the gas-stove, adequately, if uneconomically. If, by the use of tinned food, he can escape having to boil eggs or grill bacon, he feels like a Marathon winner. His supper may, and probably does, echo his breakfast. A man in such a position has been known—will any woman credit it?—to resort to the same tin of salmon for three meals running. The clearing and washing up accumulate mountainously, for the women to do upon their welcome return. Further into the horrors and mean shifts of the ghastly situation we are reluctant to enter; we will merely hint that, if the wretched man is expected to do any washing-up himself, he will be much more sparing of the clean plates than otherwise. On this head, we have heard the following anecdote related of an Oxford graduate of the first culture and refinement, who was making shift for himself in the wilds of Canada. "You need not have troubled about that frying-pan," he said airily, to a woman who on one occasion kindly relieved him of the burden of washing-up: "the dogs would June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 47 have done that." It had been his regular custom to put the frying-pan outside for the dogs to lick! And, in doing this, the Oxford graduate formed no exception to the rest of his class and sex similarly situated. The most elementary toasting, boiling, grilling, indeed, is more than sufficient cookery for the average male when he has to do it himself. The cookery of boarding-school boys, hunters, explorers, ranchers, and other unwomened males, is of the most primitive description. Navvies fry their morning bacon on their half-moon spades. The most epicurean male cook we have met was an old Scottish soldier, who used to make for himself his own national " parritch "—a fine staple diet, if only our Southern palates did not tire of it—because no mere English person could make it to his liking, and no oatmeal made out of Scotland was good. A Woman, cooking for herself alone, is similarly disposed to shorten and simplify the process. Indeed, is it not truthfully averred that the average " bachelor girl " or woman half-starves herself to save washing-up and culinary labour: living mainly upon bread and butter, confectionery, tinned food, and strong tea? Nevertheless, many women so situated, being more broken-in to cooking than the average male, will prepare for themselves somewhat more complex dishes, such as soups, stews, and omelettes; or devise fantastic combinations, such as grilled tomatoes and cheese. It is only for others, however, that the average woman will subject her culinary powers to strain. It is thus a safe general inference to make that it was only when someone could be persuaded, bribed, or compelled to specialise upon cookery (which, after all, is merely part of the function of digestion), that it began to be elevated, or sophisticated into an Art. The conclusion which we draw from these observations is that, in so far as refinements in cookery are intended by the cooking sex to gratify the senses of the male, they are works of supererogation; for, when he has the opportunity to achieve such delights for himself, he will not take the trouble. He will accept them, and relish them, if left in the happy persuasion that recherché dishes, like cherries, grow upon trees; but, if he is once made to realise all the brain-racking thought and contrivance, all the anxious and tedious labour, of which they are the uncertain and momentary fruit, he will feel and say, quite heartily and honestly, and perhaps profanely, that he would rather starve than be fed at such a price. Artemus Ward used to tell a racy story of a formidable brigand who languished long years in a dreary dungeon, until a happy thought struck him: he opened the window and got out! We will venture to predict that when women in general are honestly tired of their subjection to the " Three F's "—Food, Furniture, and Floors—they will take a little thought, make a little effort: and suddenly, surprisingly, they will be free! HIMANDHER. East and West. WHEN I saw the flag waving outside the building in New Bond Street that contains the Fine Art Society, and announcing an exhibition of early Chinese paintings, of course I went in. No one who has ever lived in the East can, I think, refrain from the temptation to become an Oriental again whenever an opportunity presents itself. Where East and West differ, it will generally be found that in spiritual matters the difference is in favour of the East, and that in purely material matters the difference is in favour of the West. But it has always seemed to me that the philosopher or the artist will be glad to put up with a few material inconveniences for the sake of the unrivalled spiritual development which Eastern habits of life ana thought make possible. We see this distinction exemplified, of course, in the spiritual and intellectual productions of Eastern and Western races. The Hebrew greeting, " Peace," and the Greek greeting, " Rejoice! " summed them up in the most concise form possible once and for all. The West glorifies energy, movement, activity; here, indeed, man, and not necessarily the thought of man, is the master of things. But the East will have none of this. It does not seek to stimulate anything, even thought, but rather to bring about a state of contemplation; it endeavours to arouse our poetic senses, or, rather, our poetic sensibilities, in so far as we have any—and it must be admitted that the Orientals are infinitely superior to us in this respect. They are more genuinely poetic, and the poetic instinct is not only more widely spread among them, but more profound into the bargain. When we seek an artistic exemplification of these distinctions, we shall find that Hindoo philosophy not merely typifies the Oriental spirit at its best, but that it represents in the clearest and most concise spiritual form the great difference between the contemplative, calm, intellectual life of the Oriental and the bustle, energy, and nervousness of the West. If India excels in philosophy, however, China excels no less in painting. This exhibition of Chinese paintings at the Fine Art Society's establishment, 148, New Bond Street, is, therefore, of considerable interest to all artists, using the word in its widest possible sense. It is not very often that we have so excellent an opportunity of viewing such works, and the fifty Chinese paintings on exhibition are all too few. It is this difficulty of seeing Chinese pictures that renders it a dangerous matter for the average European to pronounce an opinion on Chinese art at all. There are, it is true, several valuable Chinese paintings in the British Museum and a few in the Louvre. There is also, or was, a very fine collection in the Musée Guimet, Paris. Still, the views we form on seeing these collections are apt to undergo considerable modification when we visit, say, the Ueno Museum, in Tokio—it is surprising to note how many classical examples of Chinese art are to be found in Japan. And those of us who had the privilege of going through the Tien-Than, or Temple of Heaven, or the Temple of Yung-hoKung, at Pekin, will not readily forget the artistic sights we saw there, and the changes these places wrought in our artistic views. But I believe that these temples are no longer accessible to foreigners. The Chinese painter sets out, first of all, to represent something on canvas that will appeal to the imagination, something that will arouse the poetic faculty. This means that he will not necessarily try to copy exactly what he sees, that he will feel at liberty to neglect perspective, that the complex mysteries of shade and colour will not necessarily interest him. As some of these pictures I have referred to date from the Sung dynasty (960— 1279), the colouring is, in any case, not what it was some centuries ago, but the technique, the idea, is unaltered. It is well worth bearing in mind that our records of Chinese paintings go back to three or four centuries before the Christian era, since when the artistic tradition has remained unbroken. In all art the factor of tradition is of considerable importance—everything, in fact, rests 48 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 upon it—and in this regard China has an advantage over us which it is now impossible for us to acquire. Of the fifty pictures exhibited by the Fine Art Society, all are in the Chinese tradition, and it only remains for the critic to mention those he considers as the best. The colouring in No. 26, " Peacock and " Flowers," is superb. This picture, by Lok Sun, dates from the Ming dynasty (1368—1644). No. 29, representing the Gods of Longevity, Felicity, and Prosperity, is an excellent example of Oriental symbolism. No. 39, " Palace and Cliffs," is rendered very impressive by the brownish background. No. 35 shows us " The God of War," a fearsome individual, whom it is interesting to compare with Mars. All these gods, by the way, appear in quite human clothing. The colouring in No. 36, " Lady in Pavilion," deserves the highest praise: this is decidedly a canvas which the visitor should not miss. No. 44, " Pagoda in Mist," is also of great interest. We see the lower and upper parts of the edifice, but the middle portion is clouded over. This has a far deeper message for us than the mere scene portrayed on the canvas. Any student of Oriental philosophy could, it seems to me, write a whole essay on this one picture: its atmosphere of calmness and repose, the stately effect it produces, the message of hope and yet of renunciation it conveys, and the symbolism that may be read into it: all these things contribute to render the picture one of the most inspiring in the series. No. 50, "A Landscape," attributed to Tien-TzeSun, will, perhaps, strike one as being of the type which we miscall post-impressionist. And yet there is a distinction. The strange colouring, the bizarre appearance of the Chinese work, are not the result of the artistic nervousness, striving for effect, and, indeed, degenerate artistic instincts which may be traced without much difficulty in the productions of Signor Marinetti's followers. When the first dazzle is over, the effect produced by the Chinese picture is one of strength and deliberation, and this is a characteristic of all true and, so to speak, aristocratic art. Nor should one overlook No. 49, " Contemplation of a Sage." The sage is seated cross-legged on the floor, with a student in attendance. The curtains of the little house are drawn up on all four sides, thus enabling us to observe the interior. The whole atmosphere of this canvas will lead to a contemplative state of mind in anyone who looks at it; and in how many Western pictures do we find the same desirable factor? In the adjoining rooms in the same establishment there is an exhibition of water colours of Spain and the Canary Islands by Miss Ella du Cane, of miniatures and portrait drawings by Mr. Arthur Minton, and of new etchings and studies by Mr. Frank Brangwyn. Of the water colours, No. 5, "Cypress Avenue, La Paz," and No. 16, "Cypress and Poinsettia," are among the best. The trees are excellently drawn and arranged; and the blaze of colour that naturally meets our eyes in every picture forms a contrast, in many respects gratifying, to the Chinese paintings we have left behind. King George, I observed, has bought two of Miss du Cane's water colours; and if his Majesty selected them personally, he displayed more artistic taste than he is usually credited with possessing. No. 33, "Bellagio from the Villa Carlotta," is beautiful. We see part of a balcony and then the lake, with mountains in the distance, and the colouring is magnificent. Mr. Arthur Minton has been fortunate in his subjects. No. 13, "Portrait Study of a Lady"; No. 16, "Miss Pearson," and No. 18, "Miss Nina Dickson," are all excellent. The "Mrs. Crean " (pencil and water colour, No. 29) is also a worthy piece of work. Of the productions of Mr. Frank Brangwyn, who is always interesting, " The Gate of Naples " is perhaps the best, and his " Toledo " conveys a difficult atmosphere to us in a new way. As the visitor leaves, however, he must pass through the Chinese room again, and the Oriental atmosphere will remain with him. E. K. Guthrie. Minor Poets.* Such a sweet little snail, With a neat little tail; A diminutive whale It is. On its nose are two horns, On its toes are two corns, And on all tennis lawns It is. ECHOLALIA, or rhyming madness. The publication of this volume, " The Strummings ot a Lyre," proves the author and publisher—to borrow an immortal phrase from a Bill now passing through Parliament—" persons incapable of managing themselves and their affairs with ordinary prudence." Really, this is an appalling defection on Mr. Fifield's part. The man who introduced the candid verse of Mr. W. H. Davies to a world which liked its poetry stodgy, but syrupy, who defied the arbiter elegantiarum of letters at Scotland Yard by publishing Brieux' plays, who recently issued a popular edition of Max Stirmer's anarchic " The Ego and his Own "—he must know that a book is a serious thing. A bad book is like a deformed baby: it probably will die soon; but the mere fact that it ever lived at all is terrible. And if to commit a bad book is a mistake, to commit a bad book of poetry is almost a crime. Just now, when England has more unfledged singing-birds than she has ever had since the days of Elizabeth, it is not fair to prejudice people against poetry. But I am becoming suspicious of these singingbirds. I believe that some people regard poetry as a legitimate refuge from the ungentility of life. The same feeling that makes old ladies drape the starkness of chair-backs with antimacassars makes Mr. James E. Pickering write verse like this: Lucia ere now a basket rich had found, With osier cover and two handles sound, Such as the maids use who the linen bear To the stream's flowing tide to wash it fair. To put it in a foul-mouthed way, Lucia had found a clothes-basket in good condition. Periphrasis is not poetry. The same schoolma'amish objection to the facts of life, from clothes-baskets upwards, has impelled Mr. A. Pelham Webb to write twenty-nine sonnets. He has that extraordinary respect for sin which dates from 1880. He talks of disreputable ladies with " lovely bodies supple as the snake, And cruel watchful eyes that lure and quell," who afterwards wound their lovers with " poisonous fangs of hell," and one particular lady, whose " cruel eyes seemed fed By passion-troubled rivers whence had fled All taste save lust whose savour is as brine." Sin seems to him a creature of beauty and terror. It is a last* "The Strummings of a Lyre." By F. Benham Burr. 1s. (A. C. Fifield.) * "The Cap of Care." By James E. Pickering, 1s. (A. C. Fifield.) * "Sonnets." By A. Felham Webb, 1s. (A. C. Fifield.) * "The Phantom Ship." By E. H. Visiak. 1s. (Elkin Matthews.) June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 49 ing injury to English Art that those gods of technique, Beardsley, Wilde, and the Yellow Book school, arrived at a time when there was no new philosophy in the air. They saw Life exactly as their predecessors and enemies did. They had no strange, new mission to match their strange, new words. The interpretation of virtue was played out: the Victorians had done nothing else. So they interpreted vice—such as drink and prostitution, the inartistic blunders of an inartistic civilisation. This is one of the cruellest ironies in the history of Art. Mr. Webb's work, though it is religious in outlook, is infected with this ridiculous respect for sin. The essence of sin, in the sense of vice, is that it is not beautiful and not terrible, and is usually practised by squalid people, who bilk their cabmen and cheat their laundresses. In style Mr. Webb belongs to the beryl and Chrysoprase, jasper and sardine type of poet. To show the extreme preciousness of his language, I quote the first four lines of a sonnet "to Sibyl": My fancy paints you in some alcazar Stretched all your subtle length on couch of vair, Within the even shadows of your hair Your face shines—lovely as the nenuphar.. .. This uncanny mosaic of alien words reminds one of the unholy medley of architectural styles observable at Earl's Court Exhibition. (I should feel more kindly towards this book if I had not read that " Strummings of a Lyre " first.) And the subsequent comparison of Sibyl's eyes to " some crocean afterglow " infuriates me. I can only imagine that Mr. Webb is alluding to a yellow sunset, in which case I don't believe one word of it. Of course, this searching after rich sounds, this thieving from language all her loveliest words, this making of pleasant patterns with the names of jewels and spices, and phrases that catch the scent of flowers, is an excellent thing. It is as defensible as a taste for good wine or Elzevirs. But in itself it has no direct relation to poetry. For one thing, it is a frippery of the intellect, a cloak worn in vanity. To the music of Dionysius one must dance naked. When an artist becomes great, and assumes the spirit of the universe, his human qualities seem burned away from him by his ecstasy. Of the Shakespeare of " Macbeth " and the Coleridge of "Kubla Khan" and "The Ancient Mariner" we know nothing, except that they are gods, just as St. John, looking upon God, could only describe Him as the light that made clear the streets of the New Jerusalem. It is only of the lesser writers that one can say, as of Laurence Binyon, " this man is scholarly," or, as of Christina Rossetti, " This woman is religious." And even in the attainment of Beauty this selection of the lovely and fanciful is not much good. In spite of the strike the Thames steamers are still running. I advise Mr. Webb to take a boat from Blackfriars to Greenwich. The gaunt pageant of ships and barges from the Pool of London down the wide channel walled in by the black docks and warehouses is so moving in its beauty that Wren's miracle of conscious art, the Seamen's Hospital, comes not as a surprise but as a logical climax I need hardly inform Mr. Webb that this magnificence was not created by beauty-seekers. Absolute beauty rarely is. It is most often created in the process of satisfying some human need—such as the conduct of trade, whence the Mersey banks, or religious ceremony, as Stonehenge and Canterbury. And so Mr. Frank Dicksee, for instance, who always paints well-made, well-nourished young women, and takes trouble to make pretty pictures of them, is not so successful in the evocation of Beauty as Rembrandt, who tells the truth about uncouth old women. The highest beauty is created in satisfying some imperious need of the soul. " To tell, without a mincing of words, of a deadly war waged between flesh and spirit.. ." That is why " Tess of the D'Urbervilles " was written. It is bitter to notice how this rules women out of the game. For most women take no part in any fine pageant of work, but potter in the kitchen— perhaps it is a sense of the unpicturesqueness of the setting that sets so many of us gazing at the kitchen range, and making up fairy tales about its usefulness and its beauty, and its power over the hearts of men—or the drawing-room, which also is no theatre for the sublime. And so dependent are we on others for our bread and being that we hardly dare allow our souls to have imperious needs. So we turn all things to favour and to prettiness, and leave no stern, immortal Beauty behind us. Out of his imperious need to express " the lumen of the soul. .. flashed from the face of God," Mr. Visiak writes his poems. Not one of the twentysix poems in " The Phantom Ship " was written in idleness. Each of them is the intense expression of spiritual experience. This poem, " The Skeleton at the Feast," is fine drama worked out with economy. Dance in the wind, poor skeleton! You that was my deary one, You they hanged for stealing sheep, Dance and dangle, laugh and leap! To-morrow night at Squire's ball I am to serve a sheep in hall: My Lady's wedding, Lord love her! Wait until they lift the cover! Think what temptations to tushery, to an insincere ballad-form, this must have offered! Some of the verses illuminate a character like lightning: I've wandered far, I've many a scar: 'Tis time to settle down. Shall I go rot, And spend the lot, In country or in town. I'll give a groat For a rotten boat: I'll run to half a crown; Then off to sea, Where great waves be, And so to settle down. And about some of the poems there is a strange, calm magic, peculiar to Mr. Visiak's verse, as " The Failures ": Wrecks of endeavour lie sunk in their minds: The winds of the world are most contrary winds. When the Trumpet shall sound, when the sea shall unfold, They shall not be reft of one talent of gold. Rebecca West. TRAFALGAR SQUARE. In your new frock upon the plinth you stand, The light of battle in your eager eyes: I hear not what you say, but I surmise It has been said by others of your band. Beyond, the ceaseless traffic of the Strand, Above, the grayish-blue of London skies, Behind, cool fountains murmur as they rise, And there, in front, you, making your demand. I presently shall help you to the ground, And take you to a tea-shop for your tea, And listen patiently while you expound Your thesis that all women should be free; But. .. How the deuce could woman have been bound If she had ever cherished liberty? T. Bayard Simmons. 50 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 The Malatesta Scandal. MALATESTA has been a resident in this country for well-nigh a quarter of a century, and as a man and a citizen he is held in high esteem by all who have come in contact with him. In every portion of the world where his name is known he is respected for his sunny courage, his kindliness, his generosity towards the unfortunate, and his affection equally for the thoughtless aged and the thoughtless young. A refugee from many lands, noted for his Anarchistic philosophy and his political high-mindedness, he now lies in a prison cell, his life endangered by the surrounding damp —for he is a consumptive—and his liberty menaced by the Common Serjeant's recommendation for deportation. For Malatesta's return to Italy during the present senseless war-fever means lifelong incarceration in the dungeon. Such a fate would be unjust had Malatesta concluded a long career of social and political idealism with one act of crime. But he has done nothing of the kind. For what, then, has he been sentenced to three months' hard labour, and recommended for deportation? To answer this question it is necessary to go back to the beginning of the Italian atrocities in Italy. All the war correspondents are agreed as to the infamies practised by the Italian troops in Tripoli. As a friend of humanity and as an Italian who resented such barbarities, Malatesta issued a pamphlet against the war some weeks back. This was what one might have expected from an Anarchist and a Socialist of Malatesta's reputation. Up to this time he had been friendly with an Italian named Bellelli, who is an Anarchist—or has the reputation for being such-—and has been expelled on this account from Belgium and France. Instead of applauding Malatesta's attitude, however, Bellelli denounced it, and defended the Italian infamies in Tripoli. It came to Malatesta's ears that Bellelli had also suggested that the former was a "Turkish Spy." Malatesta retorted by denouncing the latter for posing as an Italian patriot whilst professing to be an Anarchist, asked how he lived, and suggested that he was an Italian police agent. Bellelli answered this very reasonable if heated retort as no honest refugee who had once been a revolutionist could have done—he took action for criminal libel! Now what was the issue? Two men had each hurled at the other the charge of being " spies." It was a quarrel arising out of a cleavage of political views—and at the worst there only existed room for a civil action, with damages or an apology. Instead a sentence of three months' hard labour was passed and expulsion recommended. However one views this judgment it appears harsh and vindictive. But the infamy of the prison part is defended on the ground that the Italians are excitable, and that Bellelli's life was menaced by Malatesta's charge! But was not the latter's life menaced by Bellelli's charge in this case? And is Bellelli's any the safer now, if this contention be true? The infamous suggestions of Powell—the sinceretired C.I.D. man—devoid alike of decency and evidence, were an additional disgrace to a "court of justice." "Willing to wound, yet afraid to strike," aptly sums up his " evidence." Then the deportation—which everyone will understand was because Malatesta was an Anarchist; and, I believe, because, during the present war, the Italian Government wanted him safely under lock and key. For Malatesta writes for Italian journals published in every portion of the globe. The Aliens Act, which gave the judge this power, was aimed at the White Slave Traffic—-which it does not stop —not at political refugees, whom it can apparently stifle. And has not political asylum suffered enough at the hands of policemanism? Is not this menace of despotic officialism becoming too grave a scandal in our public life to be tolerated much longer? Is art and life and thought, all that boasts the nobility of revolt, to be strangled at the whim of the policeman? Let us not forget Lavarkar's sufferings in a vile Indian dungeon because of the knavery of French and English police usurping functions that exceed even those possessed by Governments themselves—on paper! Let us realise that political asylum means too much to our social existence, to the world's progress, to be thus abrogated by irresponsible reactionaries in office. Malatesta's deportation is a crime that must not take place. His early release must become a fact. To this end I ask the readers of The freewoman to support the Trafalgar Square demonstration on Sunday—this Sunday, June 9th, at 4 p.m. Guy A. Aldred. Interpretations of Life. (Being a paper read before The Freewoman Discussion Circle on Wednesday, May 22nd.) THE fact that the title of my paper bears some relation to that of Miss Marsden's " Interpretations of Sex " is not entirely accidental, for a great deal of what follows has been suggested by Miss Marsden's most interesting paper. I hope, too, that the similarity may serve as an incentive for me to emulate her; but here, I fear, success will be most doubtful. I think that, at the outset, it is desirous that I should endeavour to explain what I mean by this heading. I am going to try and suggest what seems to me to be the direction of the general evolution of things. I say things, because I shall not give a biological treatise of the development of man; neither shall I deliver an historical survey of civilisation. My intention is to elucidate a theory of dualism and unity. The theory is, of course, by no means new or original—for centuries it has formed a subject for philosophers—but I trust that you will find its application relevant to contemporary life. Now it will be found that the entire universe, as we know of it, can be divided quite naturally into two. The philosophers treat of it as mind and matter, neumena and phenomena; the artist as subject and treatment, matter and form; those of us who are neither philosophers nor artists speak of it as the unseen and the seen; the theologian as God and man; Miss Marsden spoke of it as the spiritual and the corporal. Now, my whole object in this paper is to show you how this duality originally sprang from Unity, and how it must eventually return to Unity. I am going to take as examples, first, the two sexes— not that they are in any way analogous with the dualities already mentioned, but they will help to prove my point; then I shall deal with the two classes, or, as Disraeli called them, the two nations the rich and the poor; then I shall take Art as an example; and, lastly, I shall apply the theory to contemporary life. Before I go any further, however, I should like to remind you how early myths and legends are redolent of this idea, showing how man has always been busy with this conception of unity In these early tales there is always a delightful kind of intimacy that exists between the gods and June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 51 the mortals, that is, between man's conception of the unseen and the seen. Now let us examine that most obvious case of duality amongst living organism—the two sexes. the most primitive protozoa that we know of were self-impregnating; here, then, we have unity of sex, or, rather, no sex. Their first development was into two cells, that constantly united for purposes of production; there was still no distinction in them, no male and no female. Gradually, these similar cells developed special organs, and thus evolved the two sexes. Well, it is impossible for me to trace the evolution from these protoplasmic forms through its infinite variations to mankind, neither can I trace the growth of mankind onwards to, let us say, the Victorian era, where, we may suppose, was the greatest sex differentiation. I know that this is an absurd jump from protoplasms to the Victorian era, but my point is that the sexes, having developed from one primordial cell, have become more diverse, but now all modern movements are tending to lessen the sex differentiation. We no longer segregate the sexes at childhood; we have systems of co-education. Biologists are constantly talking of the manly woman and the womanly man, and we are told, quite rightly, that all the great men who have hitherto been the triumph of the male sex are just those very ones who were most womanly. Another quite obvious example of what I mean can be seen in the economic evolution. Primitive man knew of no classes; gradually the feudal system evolved its two classes, the servers and the served. That system gave way before an even greater class differentiation, under the capitalist system, which reached its height in the last century. Then followed the Manchester school, and the doctrine of " Laisser faire" and, very slowly, but perceptibly, the inevitable oncome of Socialism, which will develop into that greater and wider democracy which knows of no class division, an anarchic state in which, again, we shall have unity. Now, you see how I have attempted to show you, first, how the two sexes originally evolved from one sex, and that the tendency at the present day is to re-unite them, as it were; how the two classes at present, with untold wealth at one end and the direst poverty at the other, originally evolved from a primitive tribal system, with no such distinction; and the tendency now is to abolish this distinction by means of Socialism, and afterwards anarchy. Now there is just one more example that I shall discuss before I apply this theory to contemporary human life. One of the greatest Art critics of the last century said that " all Art aspires towards music." Walter Pater said this. And the reason of this is that in music the matter and the form are so absolutely welded together that it is impossible to consider the one apart from the other. To-day we are evolving an art which greatly resembles music in this respect. I allude, of course, to the school of the Futurist painters. In Futurism the subjective is tending to become more objective, since it treats of states of mind caused by the contemplation of phenomena, as opposed to mere abstractions. And, on the other hand, the objective is becoming vastly more subjective, so much so, indeed, that the uninitiated who went to the recent exhibition at the Sackville Galleries spent their entire time in endeavouring to find houses, cats, faces, and aeroplanes in the pictures, as though it were a kind of game, in which the mission of the artist was to conceal these objects, and that of the spectator was to discover them. And so we see that Art is tending, indeed, it has ever been striving, towards this inevitable reunion, this great rhythmic harmony, which is the outcome of all our evolution. Now, to recapitulate once more, I have tried to show you, in the two sexes, in the two " nations," and in Art, that there has been this striving towards unity: that it constitutes, in fact, consciously or unconsciously, the goal of all human efforts. And now I shall attempt to apply this theory still farther with regard to contemporary life, first, by endeavouring to show you the relation of soul to body; how people with more of the one often ally with people with more of the other; how the ideal marriage is but a union of this kind; but before I do this I shall explain what I mean by my special connotation of soul and body, and even prior to doing that I shall preface the whole with a few general remarks. HARRY J. BIRNSTINGL. (To be continued.) The First Line of Defence. (With acknowledgments to many people.) A FARCE IN ONE ACT. CHARACTERS: COLONEL DIANA BELLASIS ... Commanding Officer of the Woman s Home Guards. SERGEANT DOROTHY WINGHAM TROOPER MURIEL MORETON TROOPER GLADYS NEWLEIGH TROOPER VIOLET WREXFORD ......Camp Cook. TROOPER EVELYN ORMELY ... Engaged to James Belton. ALFRED JONES ......Reporter to the "Morning Mirage." SMITH..................The Village Grocer. BROWN ............ The Village Innkeeper. SCOUTMASTER JAMES BELTON BOY SCOUTS Time: The Present. The Action takes place in the late afternoon, evening and night in the camp of the Women's Home Guards. An open space in a wood. There are two tents—a small one on the left for the Colonel and a larger one on the right for the Sergeant and Troopers. All the usual accessories to camp life are to be seen. The Sergeant is polishing a horse's bit. Jones approaches. (Concluded) Sergeant (saluting): Mr. Smith, the grocer, and Mr. Brown, the innkeeper, would like to see you, madam, if they may. Colonel: Very well. (Smith and Brown come in awkwardly, and stand, shuffling first on one foot and then on the other, holding their caps in their hands.) (Sharply.) Well, my men? Smith (to Brown): Fire away, Bill. You're a better 'and at talkin' nor me. Brown (important and earnest): We thought it but right to let you know, Colonel, that we 'ave reason to expect the enemy means to attack this 'ere village before long, and we 'ope as 'ow your honour'll see the way to protecting our 'earths and 'omes and our defenceless wives and children. Smith (reading from a slip of paper): " h'exposed to the brutal h'onslaught of a savage and remorseless foe." (Looking up.) We don't like to think about it, Colonel, and that's a fact. Colonel: Upon what grounds do you suspect a sudden attack? Brown (with gloomy emphasis): This mornin', Joe Wiggins, 'im wot lets out boats on the beach and would 'ave gorn into the Navy when 'e was a lad but for bein' blind in one eye, not but wot 'e don't see well enough except of a Saturday night when 'e comes 'ome from the " Blue Anchor," when (nudging Smith) 'e sees wot ain't there---52 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 Colonel: Keep to the point, please. Such low jokes are distasteful to me. Brown (in confusion): Beg pardon No offence meant, Colonel, I'm sure. But wot I was a-goin' to say was that Joe, 'e saw a strange-lookin' craft this afternoon lyin' but a mile or two off the shore. I'll eat my 'at, 'e ses, if that ain't a bloomin' man-of-war, and they're goin' to land 'ere and blow up the 'ole place. Smith: That's true. I 'eard 'im say so meself. Though (cautiously) I'm not sayin' it was a warship. It might 'ave been one o' them big liners, or wot not. Colonel: Is the ship still at anchor? Brown: We don't know rightly, 'cos you can't see far out owin' to the fog. But that ain't all. Colonel (sharply): Go on, and be quick about it. Brown: This arternoon, w'en I was standin' outside my shop takin' the air, one o' them flying machines, wot you call airyplanes, went by, and (with an impressive pause)—a letter with a pebble tied round it was thrown out. Smith: We opened it, but it was written in some outlandish langwidge we couldn't make 'ed nor tail of. Colonel: Have you brought it with you? Brown: Yes, ere it is. (Takes the letter out of his pocket and hands it to the Colonel.) Colonel (studies it with a frown): I can't make it out. (Calling.) Sergeant. (Sergeant comes forward and salutes.) Can you read this? Sergeant (after looking at it, shakes her head): No, madam. Trooper Ormely knows several foreign languages. Shall I call her? Colonel: Yes. (Sergeant goes off.) Smith (aside to Brown): Rum go this 'avin' wimmin soldiers. Saves us trouble, though. (Trooper Ormely comes in.) Colonel (handing her the letter): Can you make this out? Evelyn (looks at it, and a sudden smile breaks over her face): It's looking-glass writing. Colonel (severely): What do you mean? This is not the time for jokes, with England's enemies hammering at her gates. Evelyn: I'm not joking. It is looking-glass writing. Didn't you ever do it at school? Colonel (with dignity): I was educated at a high school, where we were taught the seriousness of life and its responsibilities. Our revered head mistress desired, above all things, to turn us into efficient citizens. Brown (heartily): And made a very good job of it, too, if I may make so bold as to say so, mum. Smith: 'Ear, 'ear! Colonel: Can you decipher the writing? THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and CO.. LTD.. 16, King Street, Covent Garde London, W.G. Telegrams to "Lumenifer. London." Terms of Subscription :—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months. 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should he addressed to the Manager, THF FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.G. Evelyn: Yes, with a mirror. Colonel: There isn't one in the camp; at least, I hope not. (Evelyn, who has been feeling in her pocket, hastily withdraws her hand.) (Icily.) Possibly you were unable to dispense with one? (Smith and Brown begin to laugh, but stop suddenly when the Colonel fixes them with her eye.) Evelyn: I might have one, perhaps. Oh, yes! (produces it from her pocket). I don't know how it got there. I never put it in, I'm sure. (Sadly.) I don't care what I look like—here. Brown (kindly): Cheer up, miss. You may be dead before to-morrow, and then it won't matter one way or the other. Smith (gloomily): Them big guns blow you up into smithereens onst they gets to work. Evelyn (who has been studying the writing through the mirror, reads): None but the brave deserve the fair. (She laughs, and Brown and Smith join in.) Colonel (with great severity): This is no laughing matter. It is of the gravest importance. It means, there can be no doubt about it, that a raid is to be made shortly on the camp. We are to be carried off like the Sabine women of old, into captivity, and made the unwilling slaves and chattels of the men of a hostile country. This shall never be. Death rather than dishonour. Brown: What about the village, mum? Smith: And our 'earths and 'omes and our defenceless wives and children? Colonel: They shall be defended with our last drop of blood. Go back and say that the village is under martial law. Everyone is to go indoors and stay there till further orders. The inn must be closed for the present. Brown (deprecatingly): 'Adn't I better keep the pub. open, mum? It'll put a little spirit into the men. Colonel: That is exactly what I wish to prevent. See that my orders are carried out. (Brown and Smith go.) (To Evelyn.) Keep a strict look-out to-night. (Evelyn salutes. Colonel goes. It is now quite dark. Colonel and troopers have gone inside the tents. Evelyn, wearing a regulation overcoat, a rifle over her shoulder, walks up and down. Pokes her head through the flap of the tent.) Evelyn: How warm and comfy you must be in there! (Coaxingly.) Don't you think I might have a candle? I do hate the dark. Sergeant (gruffly): No, you would betray your whereabouts to the enemy. Evelyn: Well, just a bull's-eye lantern. I'll keep the dark slide on all the time. Sergeant: Don't be such a coward. And do your sentry. Go properly, or I'll report you. Evelyn (shuts the flap and shakes her fist): Brute! (She walks up and down.) I wish I wasn't so afraid. (Starts.) Oh, I'm sure I heard something! And Brown said this wood was haunted. Suppose I see a ghost, whatever shall I do? You can't shoot a ghost. I wonder what time the moon rises? (Goes to the tent.) Sergeant, do tell me, when does the moon rise? Sergeant: There isn't a moon. Mind you keep a sharp look-out. The enemy may come at any moment. Now, let me go to sleep. Evelyn (resumes her march): Bother the enemy! I shall catch my death of cold out here, and a lot of good that'll do anyone. " Let me like a soldier fall " is all very well if you get killed in action and June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 53 buried in Westminster Abbey and all that sort of thing, but to die just of an ordinary chill! Besides, there's Jim; he wouldn't like it. And I don't believe he'd think it at all nice for me to be walking about alone at night like this. Nor do I. A most improper and damp proceeding. I wonder if he got my letter and will be able to rescue me. (Sound of a snapping twig is heard.) (Listens terror-struck.) What's that? Somebody's coming. What shall I do? A Voice (softly): Evelyn! Evelyn (terrified): Who called me? Belton: Ssh! It's me, Jim! (Advances cautiously.) (Boy Scouts are seen to be crawling quietly along, and eventually surround the camp.) Evelyn: Jim! Have you come to take me away? Jim: Yes, darling. But---(A Boy Scout kicks against a tin, unnoticed in the dark, making a great noise.) Colonel (coming out of the tent with a rifle): Who goes there? Jim (in commanding tones): I call upon you to surrender, madam. Resistance is useless. (To Boy Scouts.) 'Tention! Shoulder arms! (They stand at attention and shoulder their staves like rifles.) Your camp is in our possession. Colonel: I refuse to believe you. I have heard no sound of firing. (Sergeant and troopers come out of their tent, carrying their rifles.) Jim: We use noiseless powder, madam, and nonpercussion rifles. They make no sound, and even the shyest birds have been known to perch on the barrels, knowing nothing of their deadly nature. Evelyn (whispers): You must stand for Parliament after that. Colonel: I will not surrender. I will die in the last ditch. (Raises her rifle, aiming it at Jim.) Evelyn (dashes forward and throws herself between the Colonel and Jim): No! You sha'n't kill him. You must shoot me first. Colonel: Traitor! You were in the enemy's pay. Evelyn (indignantly): No, I wasn't, but you see---Jim (interrupting): Enough of this. We cannot parley here all night. If you kill me, madam, your troopers will be shot down to a man—I mean to a woman. Will you sacrifice valuable lives to your personal pride? Colonel (proudly): They would wish to die with me. Death rather than dishonour is the motto of our corps. Jim: A very fine one, madam, but still, there is no disgrace in submitting to superior numbers. Your surrender is inevitable. Colonel (to her troopers): Will you make a last stand and die with me, or preserve your lives to your eternal shame? Sergeant (hesitatingly): Well, madam, there seems little to be gained by laying down our lives in this way. Discretion is sometimes the better part of valour. The Duke of Wellington, that great soldier---Colonel: The Duke of Wellington was only a man, and therefore a coward. His conduct shall not be a criterion for us. Will you die with me? Moreton (putting down her rifle): No, I won't, and that's flat. I call it rotten. What's the good of getting shot for nothing? Besides, I want to swim the Channel before I die. Newleigh: I don't mind getting killed in a fair fight, but we haven't a ghost of a chance. Here's my rifle, sir, and the next time we meet I hope the odds will be a bit fairer, so that I have a sporting chance against you (The remaining troopers also give up their rifles.) Colonel: Then you all forsake me. But I at least will die, fighting. (Raises her rifle.) (Evelyn is about to rush forward again, but Jim waves her back.) Jim: Madam, before you fire, do you clearly understand that you would be sacrificing not only your own life but your soldiers, too? Sergeant: I don't think that would be quite fair on us. Colonel (heart-broken): I surrender, not to your superior force, but to the craven spirit of my soldiers, who esteem their miserable lives more highly than their honour. But I will not marry you. Jim (surprised): That idea hadn't entered my mind. Colonel: What about that message-—" None but the brave deserve the fair "? Jim (looks bewildered, but recovers himself, and replies earnestly): I swear to you on my honour, madam, that I have no intention of proposing marriage to you, nor have any of my followers. Colonel: Then here is my rifle. (Hands it to Jim.) Jim: I must now ask you to retire to your tents, and give me your word of honour not to leave them till daybreak. Colonel: We promise. (They go into their tents.) Jim (to Scouts): Well done, my lads. Off with you now. (To Evelyn.) Come, the car's waiting at the inn, and we'll be back in London in no time. [Curtain.] Helen Hamilton. ADOLPHE LADIES' TAILOR SPECIAL SALE of PARIS made BLOUSES at greatly reduced prices from 15/to 60/TAILOR SUITS made to order as sketch 6 Guineas A L'Ideal Cie 15 Sloane St., S.W. Victoria 2024 54 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 The Love of Woman. A TRUE CHARACTER SKETCH. HERS was not a face that you would glance at twice in a crowd. Pale, with undecided features surrounded by a mass of untidy fair hair, which might have been pretty if less unkempt, it was certainly unattractive. Our first meeting was strange. A little knot of people stood on the pavement to watch some men dealing with two horses which had fallen on the slippery street. She was standing there, laden with groceries, and evidently tired. I, a stranger in the great city, feeling cold and lonely on that grey November afternoon, stopped also for a moment to watch the struggling horses. A little fair-haired boy in front, who was earnestly regarding the proceedings, suddenly started back as one of the animals plunged violently. He stumbled against me, and looked up startled. Then I heard a quiet voice say, " John, come here! " and, turning round, I saw her, smiling apologetically as she took hold of her boy's hand and turned away. That smile was like a ray of sunshine on a rainy day; and as I, too, walked on, I pictured again the untidy, worn-out figure and white, tired face, with the big grey eyes and hesitating smile, and wondered what life lay behind it all. It was already late in the afternoon, and I had yet to find lodgings. A paper in my pocket contained a few addresses of rooms which would be at once cheap and respectable, and towards these I bent my steps. All failed to be satisfactory, till I had only one left untried. Wearily mounting the long flight of stairs, I at length reached the top flat and knocked. She opened the door. The rooms were small and even dingy; but fatigue and the comfort of seeing a face not altogether strange decided me. Mrs. Gray—for such I discovered to be her name —flushed with pleasure at my decision, and it was only later that I realised how much it meant to her. It must be confessed that, after the first day or two, I felt some qualms, and began nervously to think of moving elsewhere. Mrs. Gray had evidently no passion either for neatness or cleanliness; and to one accustomed to meals served daintily, the short supply of china, soiled tablecloth, and clumsily prepared dishes were a source of annoyance. Gentle remonstrance on my part, however, brought such strenuous endeavours to reform that I deferred my decision to leave. Mrs. Gray had one passion—her husband. It was only by slow degrees that I learnt the height, depth, and breadth of this all-absorbing devotion. One thing I knew—that " He " was not living in the house, and, further, that the children always referred to " father " with diffidence. Observation also elicited the fact that the household—which included an invalid sister—was entirely maintained by the untiring energies of Mrs. Gray, to whom every penny meant the bare necessaries of life. Yet, despite certain negligencies above referred to, never did the children go untidy or unfed. It was a wet Sunday evening, and I was snug with a book before a cosy fire, when Mrs. Gray came in to lay the supper. She was none of your garrulous landladies who spend half an hour in getting one's meals for the mere indulgence of a chat; on the contrary, she was diffident and reserved. To-night, however, after some casual remark from me as to its having been " too wet to go to church," she replied quietly: " It's nearly fifteen years since I have been to church. I used to go to the Baptist Chapel, but everyone was so cruel "—her voice shook—" after He went away." Then it all came out. The old story—marriage —another woman—desertion—the wife left struggling to keep herself and bring up the little ones. Finally, the news that he was in prison—for what crime, I know not. But the marvel of it lay in her faith. Married fifteen years to a reprobate, who had not supported her for as many weeks, yet she believed that he would come home, and all would be as it was in the honeymoon days. " Twelve weeks to-morrow "—and how her eyes grew bright and her worn face illumined !—" and he will be back again, and changed. Oh, I know that he will be changed." The yearning broke into a sob in her throat, but her faith remained unshaken. So through all those days of waiting we prayed, she and I, that all would be changed. At last the morning came—shall I forget it ?— when his term expired, and " He " was coming back. She entered with the breakfast, radiant, excited, with her fair hair wondrously arranged, and decked like a bride to meet her lord—after fifteen years of tragedy. A bell pealed through the house—our eyes met, and in a moment she was gone. How my heart thumped as I heard the heavy step and the deep voice in the hall. Would it be different? I did not see her again till evening. We were both silent, but I noticed that her face had not lost the happy look of the morning. The next day her face was troubled. " He was ill, and would be better when well again." Every spare moment was devoted to him. When he went out, she was his companion. She would not give him a chance to go back. Then one night she came in, white and trembling. They had been out together, and had met one of his old pals. He had bade her wait while he spoke to his acquaintance. As he did not come on soon, she looked back—he was gone. Only the flaring lamp of the " King's Head " blazed in the darkness. He returned in the small hours. I heard him swearing and cursing as he stumbled into the kitchen. A few days later my stay came to an end. I can still see her brave, white face as we said " Goodbye." Something impelled me to stammer: " All will be right some day." " Yes," she replied unfaltering, " I know ' He ' will love me again—some day." A few months later she wrote. She was ill. An internal trouble had developed. The doctors gave her no hope unless she could have a long rest. How could she rest? There were the children to care for—and " He." Soon the children would be old enough to help themselves. Then she would be ready to slip away. But all would be right—some day. As I folded up the letter there flashed across my mind these words: " Greater love hath no man." C. W. L. On Sunday, June 23rd, the Twentieth Century Players will present a drama in three acts, entitled "The Lapse," by Selwyn Weston, at the Little Theatre, John Street, Adelphi. All who are interested may obtain particulars from Mr. Frederick Warde, at Clavier Hall, Princes Street, W., or from Mr. Selwyn Weston, of The Freewoman. The play has been censored by the Lord Chamberlain. June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 55 A Twentieth Century Arcadia. Into the fields they wandered all alone, And though to its full flower her youth had blown And he had somewhat passed his confirmation, They flung the reins to their imagination, And were as children; now across a glade They run, or through some knee-deep torrent wade, To clamber laughing up some nettled mounds, Rejoicing hugely to be out of bounds, And finding it a joke to be alive. At times their mutual silence would but give A fillip to their health and easiness; Anon their gossip gambolled, and would bless Or curse with equal flippancy some friend, Or taking a more philosophic trend, Amid this gay and picturesque excursion, Prattle of love and many a weird perversion; But while the stealthy night soft-padded comes, They still are but a fraction more than chums; And now with slightly gêné conversation, They find that they have reached their destination, A village with an inn, and also station. The problem thickens, for the hour of eight Obtrudes the fact that it is getting late, And what till then had been a dumb suggestion, To stay or not to stay, becomes a question Of pressing import: two lithe brains are bent To mutual wrestle of keen argument: " We shall be seen "-—" What nonsense; not a soul Knows you or me in this bucolic hole, And our authentic camaraderie Should logically finish in a spree, You smile, you cunning one; Ha! Ha! well done, And then to-morrow we will rouse the sun, And with the ruddy youngster scale the hills, Scamper the plains and swim among the rills." " Only en camarade "-—" May Heav'n forfend Such crass absurdity "-—" I have a friend, In him is sunk my love "-—" But even so, Miss Ultra-modern, why on earth say no To just a frolic where good comradeship Will smoothly to its natural climax slip; You talk about Free Love? "—-" I do, because Even free love is faithfuî to its laws,"— And as she spoke, her forehead gleamed aslant The darkness, one white wall of adamant, Her voice rang deep, and through the frigid air Diana the free-loving shot a glare Of quite authentic scorn: still obstinate, Our foiled Actaeon then began to prate How, though, of course, one could not but respect BOOKS Political, Literary, Educational, Scientific, Medical, Law, Theological, and ALL other subjects. SECOND-HAND AT HALF PRICE! New at 25 % Discount. Catalogue No. 563. Post Free. State Wants. Books sent on approval. Books Bought: Best prices given. W. and G. FOYLE, 135, Charing Cross Road, London, W.C. Correspondence. POLITICAL OFFENDERS. Madam,—I find myself so warmly in sympathy with Mr. Keir Hardie and Mr. Geo. Lansbury in their efforts to secure first-class prison treatment for all the political offenders, men and women, now in prison that, as a slightly bewildered reader, I ask for more light. I am in full agreement with you in your expressed view that public criticism and personal attack are not the same thing; and I know you will not object if I proceed to personalities. Do you remember the brisk and most interesting campaign we carried through in Manchester in the late autumn of 1908? the object of the campaign being to bring about a town's meeting in the hope that, thereby, Mrs. Pankhurst, Christabel Pankhurst, and Mrs. Drummond, then in Holloway Prison, might be accorded political offenders' treatment? In that campaign you were one of our most valuable coadjutors. You do remember the leading part you took in the first of the Strangeways Gaol Hunger Strikes in 1909; and you do remember that whatever your private opinions as an individual may have been, the publicly avowed opinion of members of the W.S.P.U. was that the Hunger Strike was adopted as a protest against unfair prison treatment; that is, against the denial of the treatment due to political offenders. In utmost friendly spirit I raise these points for your further consideration. I allow in advance that you have every right to change your mind on the question of the treatment of political offenders if now you see more clearly, more deeply, into the question than you did before. But what of 1908 and 1909? As I have not the least objection to mixing with publicans and sinners, inside of prison or out, I am sure you will understand that neither "snobbery" nor " fear " is in my thoughts in personally wishing success to the " first-division " agitators. I agree with you most strongly when you say, "To challenge the social order is not a game of skittles, and to be a rebel is to be a dangerous and hazardous thing." I disagree equally strongly with you in your elimination of allowance for " motive " in your reference to certain political offenders. I hold that right estimation of motive should be a mighty factor in the award of penalties at all times. Mary Gawthorpe. [Some light upon the whole subject of political offences may be gleaned from a Topic in this week's issue. If readers will regard a few personal statements as impersonal illustrations of a theory we should be happy to answer Miss Gawthorpe's queries. All the incidents mentioned, and the circumstances relating to them, are perfectly well remembered. Upon being committed to Strangeways Gaol in 1909, it was pre-arranged that whatever division we were placed in we should go on with the Hunger-Strike. At the close of 1910, after Mr. Churchill's new regulations, when actions were entered upon which necessitated imprisonment, a letter warmly advising continuation of the Hunger-Strike in prison was written by us to one of the " leaders " now in prison. As, however, we were not among those imprisoned on that occasion, we merely quote the matter to show the trend of opinion even while inside the W.S.P.U. organisation. Upon emerging from the obscurity of thought which strenuous physical work in the W.S.P.U. made compulsory, many things which had only shown their existence in an instinctive attitude towards specific actions became clearly defined in thought. If, as is doubtless true, " the avowed opinion of members of the W.S.P.U. was that the Hunger-Strike was adopted as a protest against. .. the denial of the treatment due to political offenders," how comes it that the "leaders" of the W.S.P.U. are abandoning the "protest" at the very juncture when the Union is raising to its loudest the clamour against the denial of treatment they consider due to political offenders? If there are protests which can be used, " leaders " should be prepared to use them now. As to intention and motive, perhaps Miss Gawthorpe will realise the difficulty of basing judgments on motive rather than on intention when we point out that we certainly did not think the W.S.P.U. action in March last was based upon the simple motive of obtaining Votes for Women. We considered the motive was due to a desire to enliven the W.S.P.U. campaign at a rather dull but hopeful time. We may have been wrong; but again we may have been right, and a thousand other people might have held a thousand other opinions equally liable to be wrong or right. Not being able to photograph a departed phase of soul, even a judge could only make his guess. He could easily, however, judge of intention, and it is Such rare and dizzy flights of intellect, Still, abstract principles were out of fashion, And how love need not always be grand passion. Would she perchance have wavered once again? Alas, one cannot tell; there puffed a train, And in he jumped, to puzzle with a frown, All through that lonely journey up to town,— Would he have been inevitably sacked, Or had he simply somehow failed in tact? Horace Samuel. 56 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 upon intention carried into action that the law, happily, is called to decide. What their motive was is an affair the value of which must be the fortification of their own souls and the strengthening of them for further action. ED.] Q Q £ WOMAN AND THE HOUSE. Madam,—It has been reserved for The Freewoman to bestow upon my " Modern Crusader " the longest and the most unfavourable review which it has received. Miss West's attack on the artistic score leaves me cold. I chose deliberately to commit a piece of artistic impertinence, and wrote my tract in the form of a play, hoping to attract attention. I have succeeded. I have attracted Miss West's attention—a page and a half of it !—and I hope she will have aroused sufficient curiosity among her readers to induce them to judge for themselves the dramatic enormity which she so roundly denounces. It is easier to forgive all the other hard things which Miss West has said than her unfair summing-up of the home school scheme in the sentence: " Mrs. Hobson would wish a mother to spend her days making babyclothes and cooking the dinner." This is totally to ignore the club or settlement side of the proposed home schools, and to misrepresent them as simply the multiplication of centres for the teaching of domestic science. The life of many working women certainly is at present an endless round of dreary drudgery, and an important aim of the home schools would be to provide some social pleasure—music, dances, lectures, etc.—as well as to teach them easier ways of doing their work and helping them to realise its importance and value to society. If there is too much home work, if it is approached with ignorance and dislike, unmitigated by ideals and the intelligence to plan for leisure, then I grant the case against it is as bad as Miss West makes out. No one realises more strongly than I the need for better cottages and higher wages. It is just because I feel the selfishness of our own lives, in our comfortable homes, that I want to see something done to raise the standard of the uncomfortable ones. But I am sure that better cottages and higher wages would not alone change the slattern and the muddler into the sort of woman who can manage the better homes and healthier children we desire to see. Everyone who is interested in these things knows that it is a thankless task for teachers and inspectors to attempt to cope with uncleanly and verminous children in the schools. Of course, they may do some good by setting a higher standard, but with the maximum of trouble they attain the minimum of results. It is attacking the problem at the wrong end. A child bathed and dressed in clean clothing at school will return the next day, after passing the night in a dirty home, with the new clothing in a hopeless state of contamination. It is the homes themselves that must be changed into centres of health and beauty, instead of the dangerous sources for the spreading of dirt and disease which too many of them are to-day. Some progress has been made in the matter of cleanliness in the last quarter of a century, but it remains true that the cleanest woman in any given community is at the mercy of the dirtiest, while there is the risk of their children sitting side by side at school. I am, of course, familiar with the view ably, but, as I think, mistakenly advocated by my friend, Mrs. Gilman, that the line of freedom and advance for women lies in the abolition of the home altogether; that the babies should all be brought up in public crèches, the cooking all done in public kitchens, while every woman practised a profession, and the more feminine among them should find an outlet for their maternal instincts in managing the crèches. Whether such radical changes are desirable, in the interests either of society or the individual, is too big a question to be discussed here. But it will probably be admitted, even by those who would welcome them, that such conditions can only be gradually evolved, CULTURE HYGIENIC. THE New Infiltration Light Massage A marvellous treatment for beautifying the face, removing freckles, sunburn, and all blemishes from the skin. THE LIGHT INFILTRATION MASSAGE completely cures NEURITIS, RHEUMATISM, and all NERVOUS DISORDERS. Special trial treatment, 7s. 6d. MME. N. GIBAUD, 2a, Harewood Place, Hanover Square, London, W. Hours, 10 to 7. Tel., Gerr 708, Sundays by appointment. and that during the transition period before the passing of homes and home-life it is only common sense to try and improve them and to reduce the burdens of the mothers. I desire more freedom for women as heartily as Miss West, but I don't want it identified with the shirking of responsibility, and I think that it would be but a poor look-out for the children of the future if the only qualifications deemed requisite in their mothers and caretakers are to be a superabundant vitality and a "fairy-tale" view of life. No one is less free, but rather more so, by having thought out, once for all, a suitable and convenient setting for their lives; and if there is to be a home at all, it is worth while to have it right, as far as it goes, rather than suffer the wear and tear of nerves and the waste of time involved in a disorderly and badly managed one. The Miss Wests of the world are mistaken in believing that because they themselves (having possibly suffered from an overdose of it) regard all work in the home as "domestic slavery, to be shunned like rat-poison," that any large number of women would share their view. It is fortunate for the Miss Wests, as well as for the rest of us, that the majority would probably always choose of their own accord to do this kind of work (under improved conditions and with the help of labour-saving inventions) even after the fullest measure of freedom had been attained, and they would choose it for the sheer joy of it and the opportunities it gives to make and extend happiness, Florence Edgar Hobson. May 28th, 1912. © ® ® A REPLY. Madam,—Mrs. Hobson begs the pardon of Art for her impertinence in writing "A Modern Crusader" in drama form, on the ground that she thereby attracted my attention. This is flattering but embarrassing; because it was not the play that evoked that page and a half of mine. The play—1 say it in no malicious spirit—hurt me so much that I tried to forget it as much as possible. It was the scheme for the home schools, which reached me through the legitimate channels of propaganda in the pages of the Contemporary Review, which drew my attention back to the play. I find it impossible to argue with a person who holds the doctrine of original sin. Mrs. Hobson is "sure that better cottages and higher wages would not alone change the slattern and the muddler into the sort of woman who can manage the better homes and healthier cottages." Well, I am quite certain that in most cases they would. This shows that Mrs. Hobson believes that there are varieties of women separate and immutable—the slattern, the housewife, the muddler, the manager—as distinct from one another as the lion from the cockatoo. Untidiness and laziness, like all the "beastliness" of the poor, are largely accidents of environment. A woman is a slattern for one of two reasons. She may have a strong inclination towards some other sphere of activity and an active loathing for domestic work, or she may be sickly and exhausted. That there is a direct ratio between a woman's physical exhaustion and her efficiency as a homekeeper is proved by the fact, so often observed by teachers and inspectors, that the larger a family is the less well cared for it is. Therefore, Mrs. Hobson's plea that because communal kitchens and public crèches are a long way off we ought to teach domestic economy leaves me cold. I think that teaching domestic economy to starved women is as silly as teaching reading and writing to starved children. The education authorities have had to abandon the latter attempt. They have had to feed the children. How much easier the task of teaching them has become, I need not tell Mrs. Hobson. Similarly, if society feeds its women, it will find it hardly necessary to teach them domestic economy. For domestic work is the most elementary form of labour. It is suitable for those with the intelligence of rabbits. All it requires is cleanliness, tidiness, and quickness—not moral or intellectual qualities at all, but merely the outward and visible signs of health. If people are dirty, slovenly, and slow, it is usually because they are ill-nourished and sickly. And that is what the poor as a whole are. And this brings me to the accusation that I ignored the settlement side in my "unfair summing-up of the home school scheme in the sentence, 'Mrs. Hobson would wish a mother to spend her days making babv-clothes and cooking the dinner.' " That's not a summing-up of the home school scheme! That's a description of Mrs. Hobson's attitude of mind. Moreover, so far as I can gather from "The Mission to Mothers," the settlement side is to consist—besides visits from the lady-in-charge June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 57 to the women's homes, which seems an impertinent habit on her part—of mild entertainments in the evening. Which does not disprove my remark. But the real reason why I did not touch on the settlement side was that it seemed to me the most discreditable part of a well-meant scheme. I loathe these attempts to poke the sickly and exhausted poor into unspontaneous gambols. Surely everyone can see that a community must be sick unto death before its amusements have to be organised and imposed upon it. The whole of this home school scheme is an attempt to pay back the countryside in bad halfpence what the rich stole from it in good gold. Before the village life of England was wiped out in the latter half of the eighteenth century the villagers went out on the summer evenings and danced Laudnum Bunches and Constant Billy on the green till the moon came up. It is, of course, merely a matter of aesthetic perception whether you prefer them to sit docilely in a home school hall while the vicar's wife sings Tosti's "Good-bye." Because you won't get them to practise art now any more than domestic economy. They're tired and cross and hungry, and they won't play. I take a keen interest in school hygiene, as it happens, and I cannot say that I am impressed by Mrs. Hobson's remarks. I know that many teachers and inspectors feel that they are attacking the problem at the wrong end. But few of them are simple enough to suggest that the teaching of domestic economy is the right end. "More money and better housing" is the commoner suggestion. I doubt exceedingly that in the given case—the cleansed child recontaminated by a filthy home—a graduate of the home school would do much good. If she could keep the child clean when rearing six children on twenty-two shillings a week, and living in a house the walls and wood of which are rotten with bugs and the water supply of which is down three flights of stairs—well, I can only conclude that there will be a class in miracles, conducted by the vicar. There seems to be no other point to be answered, except the last paragraph, wherein Mrs. Hobson rebukes the " Miss Wests of the world "—ye gods! what a picture this calls up!—for regarding domestic work as "ratpoison." That simile has had a great success. It has been so widely quoted by a scandalised press that I hope it will ultimately enter the language—one of those "jewels five words long That on the stretched forefinger of all time Sparkle for ever." Mrs. Hobson declares that the "Miss Wests of the world "—what is this new species to which I have given my name ?—"are mistaken in believing that. .. any large number of women would share their view" as to the hatefulness of domestic work. She implies that I found it hateful because I did too much of it, and approached it with ignorance and dislike, unmitigated by ideals and the intelligence to plan for leisure. That is not so. I never had more than the usual amount. I was certainly not ignorant (having been exposed to the ponderous pedagogy of a School of Domestic Economy); and I had no reason to dislike it any more than any other kind of work. I don't quite know what Mrs. Hobson means by "ideals." I rather fancy she means conceit. Certainly I didn't pretend when I was frying potatoes that I was doing anything as important or useful as my friend who was studying science in the laboratories of the neighbouring University. So I surrender the claim to ideals. But as for intelligence——! But—ah, well!—it's no use saying that—Mrs. Hobson wouldn't believe me. Hatred of domestic work is a natural and admirable result of civilisation. I deny absolutely Mrs. Hobson's declaration that "the majority would probably always choose of their own accord to do this kind of work." This is not true. The vast majority of women refuse domestic work. The working-class woman will turn her hand to anything rather than become a servant. The first thing a woman does when she gets a little money into her hands is to hire some other poor wretch to do her housework. The recent movement down the kitchen stairs—the last tumble of which is the King's College Home Science Course—has no support among the women who are alive —the working women. For heaven's sake let us take this unpleasant job and give it over to the specialist to organise as a trade process. I am not a materialist, so I cannot sympathise with Mrs. Hobson's fear that the home—the relationship between a man and a woman and their children—will be broken up by the abolition of drudgery. I can only say that I love my mother none the less because we send our washing to a steam laundry. In conclusion. I would like to point out the insensate extravagance of this down-the-kitchen-stairs movement. Mrs. Hobson advocates the establishment of these home schools all over the country. She prudently declines to calculate the cost of the sites or building, and only commits herself to an estimate of the furnishing—£150. But she quite fearlessly declares that the dead loss per annum on each of the schools (which will accommodate only six pupils at a time) will amount to £271 4s. Think of it. Surely that £100,000 endowment fund of the King's College course should have satisfied these kitchen recruitingsergeants. All over the country gifted girls—who might have done their part in analysing food values or harnessing electricity to the home—are breaking their hearts for lack of University opportunities; the need for school clinics grows more crying every day; poor working women must walk the streets by night because there are no municipal lodging-houses for them. And Mrs. Hobson calmly allocates thousands to the condescending instruction of poor defenceless girls in the gentle art of sucking eggs! Rebecca West. ® ® ® THE MELANCHOLY MR. ROCHE. Madam,—Replying to Mr. Roche's first criticism, I pointed out that adultery was regarded as a social wrong, but was encouraged by the State, which has made adultery the first step towards the dissolution of a competent but unfortunate marriage. That proposition has nothing whatever to do with the origin of adultery; a matter which was never mentioned in my article. Mr. Roche must have dwelt a long time among the Friegians if he imagines that there are not many marriages which should be dissolved upon moral grounds. In such cases my argument was that the State was the real cause of the sin of adultery, as such marriages cannot be dissolved in England without one party to them committing adultery—which I happen to regard as a serious offence. Mr. Roche had better deal with that point, and not talk about something quite different. I am afraid I am not impressed with the authority of Darwin on the subject of jealousy. Anyhow, let me carry the investigation a step further. Adultery may be the origin of jealousy, but from whence did jealousy spring? Oscar Wilde, in his magnificent pamphlet, "The Soul of Man under Socialism;" touched upon the roots of jealousy in this passage: "Jealousy, which is an extraordinary source of crime in modern life, is an emotion closely bound up with our conceptions of property, and under Socialism and individualism will die out. It is remarkable that in communistic tribes jealousy is entirely unknown." So much for adultery and jealousy. Adultery and jealousy only arise in the absence of true love, so that Mr. Roche's fears for love are merest rhetoric. As though any legislation could kill love! The Friegians may have been in a state of wretched poverty; but their poverty was common, agreeable to themselves, and the accepted standard. The poverty of civilisation is entirely different. It is maintained by class privilege. The classes resist every attempt of the masses to struggle out of the abyss of poverty. The soldier is there to shoot them, and the policeman to bludgeon them. Mr. Roche should not misquote. I never said "drunkenness is the cause of poverty"; but "it is a primal cause of poverty." The sailor and the cowboy may seek relief from physical exhaustion in drunkenness. That is wholly irrelevant to my contention, that the misery of poverty in the lower strata of industrial society is "a primal cause of drunkenness." The Friegians apparently had a very low standard of morals. The crime I was discussing was not the abstraction, but the concrete criminal code. If a social philosophy of the Friegians valued dogs above old women, then it was not a crime, in the concrete sense, for the Friegians to kill the old women in preference to the dogs. If the whole community are agreed upon a certain course, it is quite obvious that such a course cannot be criminal. Many innocent men and women were burnt in the religious frenzies of the Middle Ages. Those persons, in our view to-day, were murdered; but the social philosophy of the period, which must govern the matter, was almost unanimous upon the criminality of the heretic. Does Mr. Roche really mean that the poverty of the railway servants, the miners, the seamen, the dockers, the factory girls is due to " general thriftlessness, laziness, want of foresight," etc.? The thesis is too dishonest to waste words upon. To my mind, the industry of the working class is the amazing thing about them; and their tolerance under the most shameless robbery is still more astonishing. I never said a word about the guilt or innocence of Seddon. I criticised Sir Rufus Isaacs' cross examination of Seddon on the ground that the attorney-general was 58 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 endeavouring to prejudice the mind of a jury, who were trying a man for his life, by showing that he was a thief, an offence with which he was not charged. Hundreds of questions put by Isaacs were merely prejudicial to the fair trial of Seddon, and had nothing to do with his guilt or innocence. The decision of that question is in the hands of the Highest Tribunal. So far as this world is concerned, my view was, and is, that there was no evidence sufficient to justify conviction that Miss Barrow was murdered at all. The jury were over-awed by Sir Rufus Isaacs' persistence and demeanour. Had they known the cash consideration which attached to that, or the career led by Sir Rufus Isaacs, they might have been less impressed. I refer to these facts, because there is some danger that Sir Rufus Isaacs may become Lord Chief Justice of England. It would be difficult to conceive a more abominable appointment. Bad as Lord Alverstone is, it is to be hoped that his health will be preserved until Sir Rufus is no longer a candidate for the Lord Chief Justiceship. Mr. Roche should cheer up; men do not naturally like poverty, crime, and inequality. C. H. Norman. © © © "THE SINS OF THE FATHERS UPON THE CHILDREN. MADAM,—In this week's issue there is a letter from your correspondent, "O. K.," which once more brings into the forefront of practical matters the question of pre-natal influence. As a business woman in the City, I am quite accustomed to hearing on all sides that life is so complex nowadays that all hope of solving our various national and domestic troubles has vanished! Even if our statesmen and all those who are responsible for our government continue in their policy of muddling through somehow, there still remains the grand fact that women are not only responsible for the continuance of the race, but they can determine to a great degree how wiser generations shall be born. It is on this point that one must sympathise with all those who, like " O. K.," have the misfortune to inherit an affliction almost clearly traceable to the expectant mother's state of mind. Some women cannot break away from conventional ideas, manners and customs OF ALL HIGH GLASS DRAPERS AND STORES IN LONDON AND PROVINGES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" ( c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. without suffering great mental torture, and so with unmarried mothers there is always the risk that their offspring may be doomed to terrible suffering in some shape or form. In a very useful book on hygiene, by Dr. Hartland Law, the case is summed up like this: " Upon a woman's conduct during pregnancy depends largely the question as to whether her child will be useful and happy. Upon her health will largely depend the question as to whether the child shall be to her (and to the community) a blessing or a curse, a stay and a comfort, or a burden and reproach." Yet rather than take in hand the much-needed educational work that will teach the mothers and daughters how to set a value upon their physical well-being, we prefer to spend hours laden with golden opportunities in simple discussion! It is probably lack of experience with life as it really is that so many of even the cleverest women of the day give one the impression that as far as the theories of the evolution of the " Freewoman " are concerned, they are not to be excelled, but when it comes down to the bed rock of the facts required for the uplifting of our sex, somehow or another there are only very few who are capable, or even care to take up such important spade work. The " Discussion Circle " is going to do a grand piece of work if it allows the freedom of speech so necessary to the furtherance of the interests of the "Freewoman." But over and beyond all public meetings the greatest trouble will always be with the individual hand likely to "rock the cradle." When we take up the task of spreading hygienic knowledge to all women in a wholesale, not a retail fashion, we shall then be ensuring the actual fact of existent "Freewomen." MIMI Brodie. [How is "our sex" to be uplifted? The lonely and repellent truth is that members of either sex can only be " lifted " by their own efforts and nothing save ideas are strong enough to energise the efforts. Our correspondent appears to believe that ideas and practical affairs do not go together; that thet former are vague things spun out of brains unallied with reality. We think it can be taken for granted that any person with ideas, clever or otherwise, has had them hammered out of him by the rigours of life itself. A man's ideas are the realities he picks up after experience has knocked him down a few times. Further, freedom is a principle, and not merely a series of adjustments. The adjustments follow the understanding of the principle—not otherwise. Does our correspondent really mean to suggest that, the unpleasantness apart, results of any appreciable value will be obtained by discussing the subject of female disabilities in a large discussion circle? We agree that the subject is in an appallingly urgent need of attention, and that it is not getting this from the medical profession"; but we nevertheless believe that the investigation, like many other medical investigations, must be carried on by a special group chosen for the purpose.—Ed.] ® © © RELIGIOUS OR PAGAN. Madam,—There is on page 482 of The Freewoman the description of an experience which " came " to one in prison, that is interpreted as being more or less "sex." A noble woman, past middle-age, a Suffragette, a retiring, sensitive gentlewoman, went through, for conscience' sake, all the horrors of "Black Friday," was mauled and ill-treated in an insufferable degree, afterwards described to me something similar. Shut up alone, suffering acute physical pain, "in an agony," suddenly there "came" the sense of a presence; peace deep and profound filled her innermost consciousness; joy of the deepest, most radiant, permeated her being; " the spiritual enwrapped me," she said. " Spirit with spirit did meet." Such records as we have of the early Christian martyrs, who were cast to the lions for their faith, maltreated in every way, speak of " spiritual exultation," "the sense of a presence " sustaining them in deepest agony. Which is the higher interpretation.—I. " Semi-physical sex experience." II. "The peace of God which passeth understanding "? I have placed in inverted commas your own verb, which was also the one used by my friend—there " came." Not something striven after, but when least expected it "came," e.g., as from the outside. "Peace I give unto you," declared One; it "came." When circumstances were at their worst; when the darkness was deepest the pain fiercest; when the malignity of man had done its deadliest, came "the peace which passeth understand- June 6, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 59 ing," inexplicable by any earthly reasoning. Not to be understood, only accepted as the Divine flowing into the human. While from one standpoint appreciating The Freewoman magazine, may I venture a criticism? Do not be pagan. Is religion, which humanity has gained (for free agents are not coerced into religion) with infinite soul travail; are the deep thoughts of women and men of all ages concerning God, good, righteousness, to be lightly swept aside? It is only in proportion to the Divine in a movement whether that movement shall endure. Don't rule the Divine out of a paper which might be of lasting good to the race. " In some inscrutable way woman stands nearer than man to the threshold of divine reality." We thank Dr. Whitby (p. 505) for this acknowledgment. It is deeply true. Women are at core religious in the highest sense. They may, probably will, drop out of churches of any denomination taught by a one-sex ministry, but true religion—religare, binding back on Godhead or binding fast to Deity—reverence for the highest wherever seen; the instinctive, intuitive reaching out after the divine; the glad worship of a supreme Mind and Love; true religion is deeply rooted in woman, and no cause will be furthered by ignoring such. H. F. Rubinstein, in an earlier issue (p. 490), declares a fact which the more advanced women to-day are discerning, that the " normal man is the most incapable of religion, at least of religion as understood by Christ and His followers," and yet, deepest irony, in the churches which most acknowledge the claims of the Christ are found ever man-filled pulpits, by means of which, as with a one-eyed vision, true perspective is lost. When shall true religion come to its own in the modern Church? Hatty Baker (Woman Preacher). May 29th, 1912. [We think our correspondent has scarcely understood the application which the prison experience related was intended to bear. We were endeavouring to define "passion," i.e., intensified expansion of being, and gave details of passion-experience such as would leave no ambiguity as to what we should refer when henceforward we spoke of passion. Its only relation to sex lay in the suggestion that here in passion we have the cumulative conscious realisation of that which is the attraction in sex-anticipation, but which in realisation proves illusory or evanescent.—Ed.] ® ® 0 ATHEISTS. Madam,—In your issue of May 23rd, you ask for a definition of an Atheist. An Atheist, as defined by Atheists, is a person who is without a God. Like the Agnostics, Atheists have no knowledge of a God. As a living writer (Mr. G. W. Foote) has expressed it, "Atheists believe that the God communed with is not a person, but an ideal, varying in each according to the greatness and purity of the believer's nature." Again, in your issue of May 9th, you write of one of your correspondents as " being unacquainted with the religious sense." Is this "religious sense" something which enables one to accept dogmas contrary to reason, or is it not merely the capacity for idealisation and reverence, which is common in varying degrees to every human being, and is exercised in everyday life? It is not lack of acquaintance with the " religious sense " which accounts for the ideas expressed in letters like those of D. Cameron and Rachel Graham. Free- ADORI Beg to draw the attention of readers of THE FREEWOMAN to their forthcoming Manly Names Competition in which Messrs. GERALD DU MAURIER. ALLAN AYNESWORTH, HERBERT SLEATH, DENNIS EAD1E, HENRY LYTTON, and G. P. HUNTLEY will act as Judges, and in which 250 valuable Prizes will be awarded. In addition to these Prizes, so many customers have written us enquiring for one of our quaint Gold encased SEN-KA Charms, to which Japanese tradition attaches such mysterious and wonderful powers, that we have deeded to immediately present one to every customer who sends Orders of not less value than 2s. 6d., either for Two Boxes of Soap (1s. 3d. per Box), Bottle or Perfume (2s. 6d.) Pottle of Adori Hair Tonic (2s. 6d.), or Jar of Massage Cream (2s. 6d.). Write Orders distinctly on plain paper, and add what you consider the 3 most manly names for a boy. 3 selections may be sent by all sending P.O. 1/3 for Large Trial Box of ADORI SOAP (4,000 unsolicited Testimonials received). ADORI, Goschen Buildings, Henrietta Street, London, W.C. women understand, but reject systems and creeds, and find a living and sufficient faith in Nature incorporate in their own souls. They feel the truths of woman's nature are a better safeguard for society than any of man's religions. When women are enlightened, as to their true position in relation to man, they will no longer blindly accept man's religion, or be merely the creatures of his civilisation. Nature, Truth and Love are a grander and truer trinity than that of the Churches. A fully developed woman is the pure minister of man's happiness, in love the absolute mistress of its rites, in maternity the free, glad artist, in all the moral and spiritual developments the acknowledged leader. She does not need to dispute about the soul and its destiny, because her inner consciousness testifies without dispute much that the masculine intellect attempts to prove or disprove. This does not mean that she has any belief in the legends that sweep Nature aside, but many of the most vital moral truths, which contain the very essence of human welfare, are self-evident to woman. The value in maternity of the feminine capacity to idealise will be shown in the finer children which fully conscious women will produce. Instead of frittering away her energies in cherishing the delusions of faith, is it not much better that woman should bring the whole force of her spiritual power into motherhood and other feminine work for humanity? Let Freewomen drop the thinnest veil of prejudice and bigotry, and they will see that religions have been framed by men to suit man's nature. Woman is not by natural character and organisation the same as man, and her development is not to come from likening herself to him, but in following where Nature leads her. May 24th, 1912. Frances Prewett. [Mr. Foote's definition of an Atheist is good enough, as far as it goes, provided that those who use it really have an idea of what they mean when they speak of " communing—with an ideal." It really does not matter that others do not know what they mean, if only they know themselves. " Capacity for idealisation and reverence "—of and for what? Also, intelligent persons who accept dogmas may much more reasonably be expected to have accepted them on account of reason, rather than contrary to it. In default of specific individual proof to the contrary, we should say this was the likelier assumption. Perhaps it is because of our respect for the religious sense that we feel that while one may cheerfully be the " free, glad artist " handling dead matter, it is a dangerous business in maternity; impossible indeed if pre-natal and post-natal, immoral. As we have spent much valuable time from our youth up disputing questions of the soul and its destiny, we find ourselves unable to push the questions aside with the confidence of our correspondent. Doubtless, if men and women everywhere dropped the veils of prejudice, thick and thin, many things would be seen in truer perspective.—Ed.] © © $ Some important correspondence arising out of Dr. G. T. Wrench's article is unavoidably held over. It will appear in our next issue with editorial comment.—Ed. © © © We regret that, owing to an oversight, Dr. Wrench's article in last week's issue, " Shall the Yoshiwara be Rebuilt? " appeared above the signature E. O. Wrench instead of G. T. Wrench, M.D.—Ed. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381. Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. 60 THE FREEWOMAN June 6, 1912 STEPHEN SWIFT'S Latest Publications A NIGHT IN THE LUXEMBOURG By REMY DE GOURMONT. Translated, with a Preface and Appendix, by Arthur Ransome. 5/net. " An audacious excursus of fancy, pieced together with the fertile skill of a consummate artist."—Athenaeum. " What we should have missed had so fine a piece of art, so subtle a piece of reasoning, been withheld from us! " —Robert Blatchford in The Clarion. " Sensitive translation of M. de Gourmont's exquisite book."—Observer. It is likely to make a ' stir.' —Richard King in The Tatler. OLD ENGLISH WORTHIES By DOROTHY SENIOR. 10/6 net. "She has rewritten the histories of such ' old worthies ' as Thomas of Reading, George-a-Green, Roger Bacon and Friar Rush, retaining just as much of the charm of early language as is consistent with facility in reading. The result is particularly happy.'—Vanity Fair. " A charming book, well designed and well printed."—Athenœum. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880-1905: Pater, Wilde, and After. By J. M. Kennedy. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7/6 net. Mr. J. M. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. SONNETS AND BALLATE OF GUIDO CAVALCANTI Translated by EZRA POUND. Crown 8vo, cloth, 3/6 net. More than one Italian critic of authority has considered Cavalcanti second to Dante alone in their literature. Dante places him first among his forerunners. TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY By CHARLES LAPWORTH, in collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully illustrated, 10/6 net. " The real story of the Tripolitan campaign is told in an engrossing way by Mr. Lapworth."—Pall Mall Gazette. "Readable, well informed, and illustrated by many well-chosen portraits and photographic pictures, the work can but prove instructive and stimulating to the many English readers who are interested in Italian progress."—Scotsman. "A book to put the Italian case before the British public is 'Tripoli and Young Italy.'"—Sunday Times. IRISH HOME RULE: The Last Phase By S. G. HOBSON. 3/6 net. Mr. Hobson, says the Athenœum, puts the case for Home Rule "with a freshness which is remarkable at this stage of the controversy." Reviews of all parties agree that he treats the problems of land and finance with equal acuteness, picturesqueness, and lucidity. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON. 3/6 net. There is an attempt to account for the weakening of the dramatic sense in modern England, and to explain the enormous importance of the music-hall and the desperate necessity of maintaining it as a means of popular expression. 6s. Fiction IN A GERMAN PENSION (Third Edition) By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Miss Mansfield knows the Germans at home, and analyses them with remorseless minuteness and delightful malice in a book which the critics have termed "masterly," "uncommonly bold and artistic," "strikingly realistic" and " amazingly clever." SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE. " Amazingly good of its kind."—Manchester Guardian. " They never leave the reader unmoved."—Times. A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS. "An exceedingly clever production."—Christian Commonwealth. " A curious and amusing story."—Times. Complete Catalogue gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden. Printed by Hasell. Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8. Kirby Street. Hatton Garden. London, E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16 King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C.