The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 6. Vol. I. MONDAY, MARCH 16th, 1914. SIXPENCE. Assistant Editors: RICHARD ALDINGTON. LEONARD A. COMPTON-RICKETT. Editor: DORA MARSDEN. B.A. CONTENTS. Page Le Latin Mystique. By 101 Richard Aldington. Views and Comments. 103 The Causes and Remedy of 105 the Poverty in China. By F. T. S. A Portrait of the Artist as 107 a Young Mam. By James Joyce. Exhibition at the Goupil 109 Gallery. By Ezra Pound. Page Poems. By William Carlos 109 Williams. Memoirs of a Charming Per-112 son. By M. de V-M. Passing Paris. By Saint 113 Fiacre. Reviews. By Huntly Carter. 114 Modern Dramatists. By 116 Storm Jameson. Page Correspondence. 117 The Caressability of the Greeks. Mr. Gaudier-Brzeska on "The New Sculpture." The Artist. Why Not Put Up the Shutters. "Love One Another." Anent the Decalogue. Leaders of the People. Marriage. "Low" Pleasures. "Honi Soit Qui Mal y Pense." Wanted Answers. LE LATIN MYSTIQUE. By Richard Aldington. THE work of M. Remy de Gourmont has been probably more written about in THE EGOIST than in any other English periodical. That is because many of the younger people who are enthusiastic about literature feel that M. de Gourmont is the most fascinating literary artist now living in France. Perhaps that is too much to say, but at the same time it is difficult to find any other writer in France whose work is as interesting and beautiful as that of M. de Gourmont. Le Latin Mystique is not a new book; it was first published by the "Mercure de France" over twenty years ago, and until recently many people must have regretted that it was out of print. The present edition is in a form which better suits the contents of the book. It may be most delightful, as Lamb thought, to read Shakespeare in the cheapest and most used editions, but this resuscitated Latin poetry reads more gracefully in good type on fine paper. Le Latin Mystique is a book for poets, perhaps for the better kind of connoisseur, and for people who are curious about poetry not read in schools, universities, the British Academy, Soho restaurants, the provinces and the Cabaret. That last sentence should make it apparent that Le Latin Mystique is a book of great merit, of learning without undue self-consciousness, of poetry without pale purple hysterics, of great beauty without singularity. It is true that a large portion of these traits results from the poetry which M. de Gourmont has quoted through his pages, but then he has practically re-discovered it and his choice seems admirable. I do not pause to enquire Whether there be further gems of poetry lying undisturbed in the 222 volumes in-4 of Migne's Patrologie latine and in the 500 other works M. de Gourmont mentions; they may be taken as read; and quite a number of people will read Le Latin Mystique with pleasure and without question. In another article elsewhere I have written at some length on the question of the language and interest of the period during which the mystic Latin was written. It will be enough to say here that there can be no doubt that Latin, as a vital language, did exist without a break right down to the Renaissance and even afterwards. This Latin is, of course, not the idiom of Virgil and Cicero; its source, as M. de Gourmont tells us, was the Vulgate, its subject was Christianity in all its curiously divergent phases, and the period of its use lasts roughly over a thousand years. It is interesting also to observe how, at certain periods, and in the poetry of certain men—Ausonious for example—the lion of Christian zeal has lain down in perfect amity with the lamb of classic culture. M. de Gourmont, who will be a perfect companion for Lucian on the other side of Styx, cannot forbear giving up half a page to displaying the somewhat uncommon breadth of mind of Ausonius, who wrote on one page:— "Sancta salutiferi redeunt solemnia Christi Et devota pii celebrant jejunia mystae . . ." and on the next, opposite:— "Cum dubitat natura marem faceret ne puellam, Factus es, o pulcer, pene puella, puer." But, in general, it may be laid down as an axiom that the writers who are quoted in Le Latin Mystique were as a class hostile to Greek and Roman religions and sincerely devoted to their own particular heresy or orthodoxy, as it happened to be at the time. It would be both instructive and tedious to trace the growth of this literature from Commodien in the third century to Thomas à Kempis. It will be more feasible to select a few authors. One of the most interesting is Saint Bernard (1091-1153), abbot, father of the church, and in general one of the most cultured men of the 12th century. To readers of Villon the poem "de contemptu mundi" of St. Bernard is extremely important. Along with the Pianto de la Chiesa reducta a mal stato of Jacopone de Todi and (so I am told) Las copias di Manriquez, St. Bernard's poem suggested to Villon his renowned ballades of the Ladies and Lords of old time, and the other "à ce propos en vieil françois." M. de Gourmont, who uses practically the words I have used above, brings this derivation out very well by his quotations, from which I select the important parts. St. Bernard's poem runs thus:— 102 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 "Dic ubi Salomon, olim tam nobilis, Vel ubi Samson est, dux invincibilis? Vel pulcrior Absalon, vultu mirabilis? Vel dulcis Jonathas, multum amabilis? Quo Cæsar abiit, celsus imperio? Vel Dives splendidus, totus in prandio? Dic, ubi Tullius, clarus eloquio? Vel Aristoteles, summus ingenio?" etc. ("Tell me, where is Solomon, once so glorious? Where now is Samson, the leader unconquerable? Or beautiful Absalom, in countenance wonderful? Or kindly Jonathan, who was most gentle? (Where has Cæsar gone, lord of the empire? Or where is great Dives, always at banqueting? Tell me, where is Tully, the exquisite orator? And where Aristotle, the greatest in genius?") The Spanish poem I am not acquainted with, but Jacopone's Italian is given by M. de Gourmont:— "O son li patri pien di fede, O son li propheti pien di speranza, O son li apostoli pien di fervore, O son li martyri pien di fortezza, O son li prelati justi e severi, O son li doctori pien di prudenza?" Villon wrote in his Ballade des seigneurs du temps jadis:— "Où est Claquin, le bon Breton? Où le comte Daulphin d'Auvergne, Et le bon feu duc d'Alençon? . . Mais où est le preux Charlemaigne!" and in the next ballade:— "Mais où sont ly saincts apostoles, D'aulbes vestus, d'amys coeffez," etc. It seems to me far more likely that Villon should know the works of St. Bernard, who was a father of the Church, and possibly part of the course at Villon's university, than that he should imitate the work of a Spaniard almost his contemporary. We know that Villon knew Latin, French slang and French; we have no evidence of his knowing Spanish. However, that is a question for antiquaries and grammarians. This kind of lament for dead greatness is common to all times and literatures; it is possible to quote numerous examples. From Mimnermus to Herrick, and later, poets mourn that beauty and nobility and glory fade and die. Dante has one of the most beautiful of these reflections in Canto XII. of the Purgatorio:— "O Saul come in sulla propria spada quivi parevi morto in Gelboé, che poi non sentì pioggia ne rugiada." In another poem St. Bernard has given a Christian turn to one of the beautiful commonplaces of all literatures. He reverses the advice of Omar, Catullus and Ronsard, and says:— "Nec modo laetaris, quia forsan cras morieris: Cur caro laetatur, quæ vermis esca paratur?" (Take no delight to-day; for to-morrow you may be dead. Why should that flesh rejoice which is made ready as nourishment for worms?) Conclusum est contra—Bernadum! The rhymed rule of St. Bernard, with its command to study, is held by some to have aided in the preservation of learning in Europe between the 12th and 15th centuries. It may be translated thus:—"Every hour thou shalt chant hymns and prayers and thou shalt love to keep silence. Beyond this thou shalt take pleasure in orisons and in reading, that nurse of the cloister." Will not some charming millionaire endow a few modern monasteries, celibacy optional, and every man to deal in his own religious poetry? For the barbarous days draw near to us, and soon you will seek from Cornwall to Sutherlandshire and find no books save novels and scientific tracts; the word "Greek" is already a reproach, and literature is in the hands of the dull and degreed or the avaricious or the duped and degraded devotees of singularity. In the same century which was honoured by St. Bernard lived one Matthieu de Vendôme, who was neither famous nor saintly. He wrote a poem which he called "Descriptio Loci," and which is interesting to modern people because it is of a kind very rare in the middle ages. More or less stereotyped descriptions of "out-of-doors" are common enough in mediaeval literature, but Matthieu apparently had both imagination and a delight in "Nature"—a creature supposed to have been invented somewhere in the early part of the nineteenth century. I will not bore everyone with more Latin, but give a prose translation of Matthieu's poem, omitting a curious line about ginger, which I do not like. "The grass, which the sheep or the deer commends to the poor for its taste, now grows in scanty tresses at the cross-roads. The lilies are cut down for the whiteness of their dress; it is bound to the wound; the lance-like form lies on the ground. (This is rather obscure; I do not quite see how M. de Gourmont gets his "blessés on les engerbe" out of "ligatur ad vulnus.") The red pales in the violets; and I know not what neuter colour appears between two shades. The apple ripens, giving abundant juices to be prepared at the fire with raw wine. (This verse seems to refer rather to the making of apple-wassail than to cider-brewing.) The plump cherries ripen and their delicate beauty atones for their brief life. The fennel springs up in tendrils rich in perfume with which spiritual evil is chastened." (I feel I ought to apologise for daring to make any divergence from the interpretation which a scholar like M. de Gourmont has adopted for this poem. Still, "carboni" cannot mean "under the press," as he translates it, and it can mean "on the fire and apples, as I mentioned above, were used in preparing "wassail"; see Shakespeare's "When roasted crabs hiss in the bowl"—"Crabs" being of course "Crab-apples.") It is quite a hopeless task to try and give any general idea of the scope of this book; it is in itself so compact and so inter-related that one would need to quote a quarter of the whole thing to make a complete essay. The fact is that the whole literature is practically unknown to us, we have nothing to compare it with, no standards, no previous judgments to upset. Naturally everyone knows of the "Dies iræ" and the "Stabat mater" and the "Veni, creator," and so on, but who ever thought of criticising these poems as poetry, and not as part of a religious service? Who, before M. de Gourmont, had been curious to discover the authors of these hymns and the prose pieces and litanies of the Roman Catholic services, and who has ever discoursed upon them at once learnedly and unpedantically, with appreciation untouched by religious prejudice? Are good Catholics allowed to know that eight centuries passed after the hymns of St. Ambrose were written—hymns which are still sung at the "hours"—before the "Dies iræ" received its final form from Jacopo da Celano? Is it orthodox to rake over the records of origins of the "Stabat mater" and the "Dies iræ," to show how they grew from litanies and séquaires, and were works of art, not works of "divine origin? Is it orthodox to rake over the records of the Church and to tell the world how much the priest was entitled to fine his parishioners for various proceedings, now known as "unnatural vices"? Does not M. de Gourmont tell us that one Elian was condemned as a heretic by the council of Nicea, merely because he declared that "The Word entered in at the Virgin's ear"? And does not M. de Gourmont tell us even worse heresies, without turning a hair? In the end we shall see Le Latin Mystique placed upon the Index as a book unfit for the perusal of the faithful. Exquisite irony! at least it will be appreciated by the book's author, for he has invented several quite new species of ironic pleasure. March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 103 VIEWS AND COMMENTS. LET us speak of agitators. The conviction dawns it were high time we held a few words of prayer together. For nowadays it is counted as being not merely worthy to be an agitator: since Oscar Wilde let the mark of intelligence rest on this label, it has become the only smart thing, so much so that not to agitate and be agitated is to be guilty of immoral conduct of the worst brand: to be dowdy, to wit. It is as bad as not eating your father where the correct mode is that you should eat him: or wearing clothes where the fashion is that you shouldn't. So oppressive indeed among the advanced is the weight of authority demanding that you should be a "rebel," so provocative is the air of immutable rectitude which is now petrifying about the brows of the agitator: that we personally find ourselves in the eventful instant when "Moral" conceives "Schism," when "evolution" is as it were suspended in the act: when the procreating power of undocile temper impregnates the "customary" with the germ which, developed, will devour its maternal parent. The foregoing sentence was tall: let us step down:—In the old days when the "agitator" was wholly without repute, and the common-sense of the people was fed on grandmotherly adages such as "Mind your own business," "Help yourself and heaven will help you," rebellion among the "meaner sort"—those of no possessions—cut no ice at all. Aristocratic and middle-class revolutions have succeeded and failed according as chance circumstances had it: but the record of rebellion among the unpropertied makes a doleful story, and the propertyless rebel has been written down a scurvy knave. When, therefore, opinion turns turtle so rapidly that a reputable thinker can ask whether one is not a rebel in a tone in which one silk-hatted stockbroker might ask another whether it were his habit not to wear shirts; or in which one person might be scandalised by another who walked abroad knowing himself to be infected with smallpox, it is advisable one should assert one's intention to withhold one's neck from the block for such a period of time as will enable the assumptions which are in the minds of persons who call themselves "rebels" to be sized up. Persons who have become enthused under the influence of assumptions are quite liable to become a danger to one's existence if they are permitted to assume in addition that one agrees with them. One of this week's correspondents, for instance, has been struck by the notion it is possible we are not rebels, and immediately concludes there can be no other adequate reason for our continued existence." "Why not put up the shutters?" it begins, amiably. "If" . . . etc., "there seems to be no raison d'etre for a paper" . . . like this one. "Against what is THE EGOIST rebelling? Against Rebellion? Having discovered that you are not an Anarchist am I now to discover you are not even a rebel?" This letter is to us truly revealing. It had not occurred to us that our pampered existence was being prolonged through time on the understanding that we were rebels and always rebels. We had come to regard the foibles of these rebels as part of our native sport. As for our reason for existing it was only, to our way of viewing it, to bear true witness—to the extreme limit to which our ability to do so admits—regarding the things and persons and relations between these as our whim and haphazard line of interest suggests. We find that in journalism, as in literature generally and the rest of the "arts" it is the most fertilising, illuminating, provocative and pugnacious thing to do. But let us return to agitators and rebels. We once defined a rebel as a "Webbite ashamed of the Webbs," and doubtless thought it true enough and smart to boot. Hence what we now suffer in the shape of misunderstanding: the discipline of consequences Spenser would have called it. We imagined that to call a rebel a Webbite would have been effectual not merely in irritating vastly the "rebels," but would have made it clear to the world that the rebels and we were as worlds apart. We prove merely that to the "provinces"—overseas London is provincial, and that its slang like any other slang is limited to itself: that beyond a ten-mile radius from Charing Cross (to which area the "Fabian News" will link up a number of intellectualised crick-necked debating-societies in Manchester and Glasgow) the Webbs are non-existent; and that to the rest of the world a "Webbite" might be a new species of teetotaller or herb-eater. So the task awaits us to define it afresh. A rebel, we take it, is a person who either for himself or others is dissatisfied with the condition of things—especially things connected with the possession of wealth—in which he finds himself situated; one who therefore concerns himself to alter those conditions. An agitator we might add is a rebel either "born" or "made," who from one motive or another takes it upon himself to make persons who are in the conditions to which he objects, also dissatisfied with those conditions with a view ultimately to induce them to alter them. Well, very estimable: what is there to cavil at in all that? Let us look at it. The characteristic of the "rebel" position is a feeling of angry temper against—something: i.e. conditions, presumably static. Now as a matter of fact "conditions" of a relative degree—precisely in that relative degree under which the agitator conceives them, are an illusion. There are conditions which men would find absolute, as for instance an explorer without food in Arctic territory: but in a "land of plenty" such as these in which the "rebel movement" is trying to make headway: conditions—static—hard and fast—are illusory, and impermanent as the blocking out of light from a room by a night's frost is impermanent. Heat the room and the window-panes clear and the light streams in. Now seemingly-harsh conditions of wealth-acquiring in fertile lands with instruments of production such as we possess are as formidable as an army of snow warriors exposed in the glare of warm sunlight. Conditions dissolve under the thawing influence of human initiative, energy, and temper. What is amiss, in the worst (of these relative) conditions human eye has rested upon, is not the condition: but the conditioning human quantity which has enabled it to take shape. The condition was not there first: it followed in the trail of the human beings who allowed it to settle round them as an aura; and altering the condition is not the first concern: the seat of the agitator's offending lies in his trying to persuade the "poor" that it is: the folly of the rebels is that they believe it so to be. Consider the "rebel" movement in England, which, one is not unhappy to note, evidently reached its high-water mark some considerable time ago, and is at present rapidly receding. The most spirited and distinguishing feature of its campaign was its onslaught on "Fat." Even its artist—one whose ability to English rebels must have appeared almost incredible, Mr. Dyson the cartoonist, spent his virtue in picturing the foibles and physical protuberances of the "Man of Wealth," thereby putting the "rebels" in great fettle. At the same time it must have been a source of the most genial diversion to the "Fat" themselves. The traditional gibe at the girth of an imaginary waistband can only be a 104 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 piquant addition to the satisfaction of those who are well aware that it is a symbolic, what though envious, acknowledgment of the stoutness of their purse—an acknowledgment of their importance from a source which they could well understand being the most loth to furnish it. The hypothesis upon which the rebel leaders—the agitators—press their propaganda is that "something" is amiss: therefore that it is a "duty" for those of us who are not pleased with things, to be prepared to attack persons and institutions. An egoist would say that such an hypothesis is erroneous and that hopes built on working it out will end in failure and disappointment. He would regard the "poor" man (whom later we shall perhaps be able to distinguish further) i.e. the man who cannot engineer his abilities to the point where what he can get comes within measurable distance of what he wants, one analogous to the sick man in a community. Now for a sick man the first obvious necessity is to get well. If he were to spend what little vital power is left him in raging against those whom he sees around him who are well it would be concluded that his sickness had affected his brain as well as the less sensitive part of his person. If the sick man sees that a man in full health is getting ahead of him in the attaining of the things which the former wants, he may conclude that partially it is because the healthy man had a walk-over. Again, the only obvious thing for the sick one is—to get well. Where the analogy between the sick man and the poor man is particularly important and altogether parallel and sound is in this point. The first necessities of both respectively, i.e. health and power, are not limited quantities: they are not monopolies in the gift of someone else: only in a very remote degree and under exceptional circumstances can they be conferred: they must in some mysterious manner—in the mysterious and miraculous manner which is the way of all life, be culled from within one's self. What the way is for each individual, he finds out not by rebelling but by acquiescing in the "make-up" of his own nature and in that of those with whom he will be in competition. Just as a student in a laboratory could get no way by being a rebel, by asserting that it would be better and safer all round if nitrogen became oxygen, if mercury and gold sank their differences and in the interests of the larger Unity became identical, so social rebels will get no way until they acquiesce willingly in men and women being what they are: accept their oddities and wayward differences and then make the best and most of them to serve their individual ends. It is comical that it should appear necessary to say things so elementary and obvious: one feels like the advocate of the lady anent whom Carlyle ejaculated "Egad, she'd better," when told that after due deliberation she had decided that "for herself, she accepted the Universe." Modern rebels are that lady's intellectual descendants. The "poor" man is the one who lacks the power to get what he wants. This definition should meet the objections of a correspondent in this current issue, who points out that a non-aggressive man who does not desire wealth and power is quite as likely to be aware of what he wants and of getting it as is the aggressive person who desires "wealth and power." The confusion is caused by putting wealth and power together as though they were terms of equal weight: whereas they are quite other. "Wealth" takes its place alongside a thousand other things desired, which ' 'power" can attain if its desires are set in its direction. Power is the first requisite no matter what the "want." Even to lead the quiet non-aggressive retired life, one must have power to insist on these conditions coming into being. Unless a man—even the most peaceful—has power to resist, one kind of spy or another with an armed force to support him will invade his privacy—the tax-collector, the sanitary inspector, the school attendance officer, and in the predictable future the recruiting-officer, the state-doctor and so on from little to more. The necessity for power can never be laid aside, if there be any wants left: aggressive wants or peaceful wants. With it, peace or aggression are available at will: without it, one must accept what is given. Which explains the speaking difference in the positions of Sir Edward Carson and his Ulster handful, and the nine South African "leaders" with the working population of South Africa behind them. The situation is plain as a pikestaff: explaining it is like "explaining" the fact that most persons have noses somewhere near the centres of their faces: the basis of all concessions, whether from men, governments, or nature itself rests on the power to compel them. The "concession" is the mere act of grace which prefers to assume the pose of giving something, which withheld, would be taken. "Sing a song of liberty," forsooth! Every one is at "liberty" to do what he can. A man's "liberty" is always at his elbow: always as much of it as he has of "power." Then what is the value of rebelling? It is an irrelevance, a waste of attention, time and energy. "Why not put up the shutters?" The query emanates from Mr. Tucker. Our view of course is that the shutters, i.e. those things which a friendly neighbour can handle in the interests of another, are just these catchwords of the "rebel" army: liberty, justice, what not. By removing their influence, we remove the obstruction which separates the mind from the light, of one who has eyes to see. The growth of the eye is beyond any external power to effect: but something can be done—always has been done since men became self-conscious—became artists, that is—to remove the uncouth growths, the scales which gather round the senses where they become external. All language is an art-form: much of it a rotten bad form: bad, being untrue to the experience it purports to tell forth. How then should we put up the shutters? It is our pleasure even more than we consider it our business to take them down. How the misconception regarding what this "problem (forsooth) of the poor" is concerned with, is likely to end—the misconception that its remedy has to be sought in the "system" rather than with the individual "poor"—is becoming clear. It fosters in the weak an hitherto unknown arrogance concerning what they may regard as their just dues which ultimately will lead them into a position they at present are incapable of imagining. Because they are "told" that the powerful have wrongly taken advantage of an "unfair system," the feeble-tempered conceive themselves as holding claims of Right and Justice against them. These claims are the actual instruments of their undoing: they are the stumbling-block in their line of comprehension. They imagine that with these as defenders, ultimately to appear as another Castor and Pollux in the heat of the battle, any mouldering stick is sufficient to fill out their armoury for the struggle. Indeed, with the assistance of "Conscience—working-on-the-other-side"—whom they postulate as necessary to Right and Justice, they have come to a conclusion which suits them: that in a "well-regulated" world there is no struggle: the libertarian trinity, Conscience, Right and Justice, can just conceive how it might be possible to muzzle the powerful in their varying degrees until the "pull" of every member of the community should just equal that of the sickest invalid on the list. "If only the powerful would be persuaded and give the system a March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 105 run it was for their pleasure as well as for their good!" Meantime, while they are theorising, with their eyes in the ends of the earth, the already powerful are using their very theories against them. Under the delusion that in a community of brotherly democrats, each is going to govern all, the "poor" are submitting to a degree of governing which would never have been attempted had it not been glozed over by the fact that it was done with their consent. The deluge of powerful men's laws—arrangements to suit the schemes of order which will best suit them, has fallen on the meek little democrats, by request. They imagined they were contracting with men of their own weight: that in fact they were all to become equal, before the law. They imagined that having proved themselves inferior in the open lists, they would be allowed to draw up the rules for contests. The "poor" cannot have it every way: they cannot fail in the fight and then dictate the manner of fighting. How are they going to persuade those who have beaten them all round that the latters' needs are not what they think they are, but what it is right they should be? How are they going to persuade them that the "Morals" which serve them so badly are better ways than the "Immorals" which serve their conquerors so well? By talking, gush, pious sentiment and rhetoric? They delude themselves. They have either to be prepared to tug at the bundle of power and possessions or take what is given them—if anything is given them—and be thankful. Their dislike for tugging is not going to stop it: simply because better men than they like it and intend going on with it. To lay too much count on the sensitiveness which is fretted by their discomfiture is to make an enormous miscalculation, for no man is his brother's keeper except in the sense that he is his gaoler: a fact which the working out of all these philanthropic tendencies most unmistakeably reveals. That enjoyment of struggle can be diminished by the awareness that one is trampling on someone is due to a repugnance at the "feel" that one's foot is on something which writhes and not on solid earth; but not even the dislike of the sensation of squelching one's boots into another's vitals is likely to stop the struggle: for the simple reason that healthy people can't exist happily without it. What then will happen to those who prove themselves incapable, in spite of much friendly aid and substantial ends thrown, of maintaining their foothold will be that they will be carried out of the way, "employed" in a protected irresponsible position, legislated for and controlled. For such as are useful, a legal status will be guaranteed: they will be well-fed, well-clothed, well-housed, by means of a "legal" minimum wage: of the highest rank among the domesticated beasts of burden. This as long as they remain useful and well-regulated, hard-working and moral, that is. If they become too useless or too troublesome, they will, according to the degree in which they offend, be confined or killed off. The staggeringly rapid increase in the number of indictable offences shows what direction governments and social reformers consider the line of efficiency in the confinement department will take. The eugenics movement on the other hand illustrates the line of efficiency in the extinction department. Segregation, castration, lethal chambers, elimination of "criminal" types along with the "feeble-minded"—these things although their advocates are mostly only sub-consciously aware of it, are the steady bearing out of the "principle" whereby the "tuggers" despatch the non-strugglers. The responsible party of course are these latter: and in their arrogant setting towards disaster they are supported by the counsels of rebels, reformers, moralists and masters alike. The Causes and Remedy of the Poverty of China. [NOTE.—The following MSS. was left with me by a Chinese official. I might have treated it in various ways. He suggested that I should rewrite it. I might excerpt the passages whereof I disapprove but I prefer to let it alone. At a time when China has replaced Greece in the intellectual life of so many occidentals, it is interesting to see in what way the occidental ideas are percolating into the orient. We have here the notes of a practical and technical Chinaman. There are also some corrections, I do not know by whom, but I leave them as they are.—EZRA POUND.] By F. T. S. THERE are two great Republics in the world, namely the United States of America and the Chinese Republic. One is the oldest and richest republic in the world and the other is the newest and poorest. Indeed the wealth and strength of one make the poverty and weakness of the other more prominent. There are four hundred million inhabitants in China against seventy million in the United States; there are more than forty million square against thirty million in the United States; and there are innumerable valuable mines in China hidden under the ground untouched, against the already developed resources of the United States. In none of the above respects is China inferior to the United States. There is no limit to the wealth and power she may produce by the industry of her dense population, by the development of her vast territory and unbounded natural resources. Thus China, China possessing advantages enabling her to compete with America, might even surpass any other country in the world for riches and power. However to our disappointment we find that after every means has been employed to relieve her financial difficulty, there is still an empty exchequer, and her people we find can hardly drag on their miserable existence. Certainly this abnormal condition should have no right to exist in so vast a territory as China, which contains a population of four hundred million souls and countless undeveloped resources, such as cannot be found in any other country in the world. However it must be known that the poverty of China is rather superficial and temporary. In reality she is rich and her riches are sure to materialise in the near future. In order to improve her condition we must study the various causes, present or remote, which led to the present poverty so that means may be provided for remedy. Among the recent causes the most prominent ones are failure in commercial struggles and the defeat of our arms. Since the country was opened to international commerce, tens of millions have been drained every year by foreign countries by the exchange of our raw materials for their manufactured goods; hence by constant losses the people have been impoverished. In the Sino-Japanese War and the Boxer trouble hundreds of thousands of lives were sacrificed and hundreds of millions of dollars were paid for indemnity. Thus poverty has been the outcome of these disasters. The poverty should also be attributed to some remote causes which have now made their effects felt. These causes have, since hundreds or thousands of years ago, conspired for the weakness and poverty of the present day. For thousands of years the natural resources and the industry of China have not been developed. Occasionally there were a few good 106 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 emperors who tried hard to exercise economy in state expenditure, but on the other hand there were many bad ones who squandered the funds of the state. Thus there was no lasting improvement made. By international trade a strange element came into existence of the nation. By the Sino-Japanese War and the Boxer uprising, the existence of this nation received a severe blow. And by the various indemnities of millions and millions of dollars, consequently we see to-day the corruption of the internal administration, the weakness of our army, the deplorable condition of our finance and the misery of the people. Much attention has been drawn to more recent causes but we should not neglect to study the remote ones to which the more recent ones are but their effects, therefore it is desirable that we should investigate them carefully. (1) The cause in connection with the education of the country. The progress of the economy of the people is in proportion to the progress of the education of the country. According to the foreign economists, the progress of economy is based upon the demands and appetites of the public. When hungry, there is a desire for food and when cold, a desire for clothing. Having obtained the above there is a fresh desire for luxury etc. without any end. The desire for existence will therefore create many appetites and demands. In addition to the above there are many desires towards the perfecting of the moral nature, to encourage the various desires is the cause of progress in the condition of the people of foreign countries. But the principles taught by the Chinese sages are totally different from the above. The most important teaching of the sages is that a man should minimise or suppress his desires and appetites. "After a man becomes destitute of desires, he is a perfect man." "To nourish a heart, nothing is better than to restrict one's desires." Hence to regulate his person "a man should not seek to satisfy his hunger when he eats, nor to seek for comfort when he lives; and he should lose his joyful mind when he takes the poorest food." With regard to worldly comforts, he will not live in a magnificent palace, nor sit at a sumptuous table, nor keep a numerous retinue with thousands of state carriages when he has the power to do so. The great sage Tseng Sheng was so poorly dressed that when he moved his coat was torn and his elbow was seen, and when he put on his shoe it was broken. Han Yu, another sage, was so poor that his children wept for having no clothing to pass the winter and his wife complained owing to hunger in a time of good year. The more philosophy a man has, the more would he suppress his desires and appetites. This is one cause of the poverty of the nation. The law of evolution is that the "fittest should survive in the heat of the struggle for existence." To have economic progress means struggle. When farmers struggle or compete with farmers the farms will yield more plentifully. When mechanics struggle or compete with mechanics, manufactures will develop. When a similar struggle has started among the merchant class riches and wealth will multiply. The great economist says truly: the development of society is in proportion to the progress made by the people, as soon as there is no progress deterioration will set in. It is also said that the labour of the people is a great source of wealth, and that the labour of agriculture is among the foremost, that of industry is the next and that of commerce is the last. Therefore wealth has been considered as the outcome of struggle, which is the only road to victory. But in China a totally different education has been imparted in the mind of the people from the very beginning. Our moral teaching is that struggle should by all means be avoided and that moderation should be the motto of life. An Tze said that moderation is the chief principle in morality. Confucius said that there should be no struggle with a princely man. The ancient sages even hated to mention the word "interest." It is a word which Confucius seldom mentioned, and he said that base persons studied their own interest. Mentze said that when a person devotes his whole attention to his personal interests, he may be classified as a follower of Chi (a notorious ancient highwayman). Therefore when Huan-chi questioned Confucius about agricultural education he was scorned for his pettiness, and when Tze-kung asked about commercial affairs, he was laughed at for being unable to be patient to the will of Heaven. The principle taught by the sages is therefore than men should be satisfied in their poverty and not have a spirit for struggle, hence the present poverty. However, there have been specialists in our country who have been well-versed on the subject of economy. Kuan Tze said that after there has been a full granary people will understand propriety, and after the clothes and food are sufficient, people will take up the question of glory and shame. Again he said that the four classes of people, viz.: scholars, farmers, traders and mechanics are the rock of the nation. They should not be allowed to live together. Farmers should congregate together in their places, ploughing their fields to sow the seeds of grain, weeding before the rain comes, and patiently labouring after the timely rain from the break till the close of the day. This is the genesis of economy regarding the profit of agriculture. Mechanics should live together in their places, where they can secure best materials in the four seasons for their works. They should work hard, exercise economy and seek the best method to develop industry, so that they may best enjoy the fruit of their labour. They should consult with one another: show their results to one another: encourage with one another the skill of their hands. This is the genesis of the branch of economy regarding the profits derived from industry. Merchants should live together in their places, where they can form an estimate of the goods produced by the towns near by, and keep themselves well informed of the market prices. Employing the best means of communication to transport these goods to places where they are needed, they must form a precise judgment of the wants and the prices of the various places, exchanging goods produced in other districts by their own native produce. This is the genesis of the branch of economy regarding the profits derived from commerce. Thus two thousand years ago Kuan Tze had already taught the great principles of economy, but the thing is that these principles have not been developed and enlarged by his posterity. The reason is that the scholars of China have devoted their whole attention to the teachings of altruism and righteousness, and have shunned the discussion of material development, hence they lay too much stress on the education of the mind and too little on the education of materialism. Although Kuan Tze was profoundly versed in the question of economy, he was taunted by Confucius with pettiness, and it was hinted by Mencius that "though his policy had a splendid result it was a mean one." For thousands of years such sentiments have been deeply rooted in the minds of Chinese scholars, and consequently all persons of talent and intelligence have striven to become scholars, despising the callings of agriculture, industry and commerce. They do not condescend to bestow their time for the study of matters which tend to the production of wealth, and although there are plenty of books which treat of commerce and the production of wealth, they are left to rot on the bookshelves. As such custom has prevailed in the society to the detriment of material progress, it is one of the greatest causes of the present poverty of China. Should there be no revolution introduced in such a system of education, it is a sheer impossibility to maintain our ground in the present age when the nations of the world are strenuously struggling for existence. March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 107 (2) Causes in connection with the customs of the people. Some provinces are more developed and others are still in a state of antiquity. To study the condition of the latter one only needs to go to Honan, some parts of which province may be taken as an example of the primitive state of affairs. Here and there are groups of more than a hundred people living together in loess caves, and their way of living has been so poor and simple that none would think that such a society could exist in a country like this at the present day. They have been struggling very hard the whole year round, but they can scarcely drag on their miserable existence. Moreover they are in perfect ignorance of what has taken place in their own country. They do not know that there is something called politics, and they still record the present as the 4th year of the Reign of Hsuan Tung. In this world of struggle such a state of society should never exist. If the above be the state of the people of the interior, it is therefore unnecessary to talk of the state of affairs in Mongolia and Tibet, and if this be the state of the Chinese it is unnecessary to talk of aborigines of Yunnan and other places. We do not mean that this is the state of affairs all over the country, but do mean that such a state has existed in many parts of the country, showing the slow progress of the livelihood of the people of the country. Therefore we say that the custom and habit of the people may be one cause of the poverty of the country. Let us turn round to the other direction. When a Chinese visitor reaches Shanghai or Tientsin he will meet totally different elements. He will meet many of his fellow-countrymen adopting a foreign costume from head to foot. He will see many of the houses of his fellow-countrymen adorned with foreign furniture and pictures, and their meals and everything are also foreign. They have tried to imitate the foreign way of living, but they have failed to see the loss resulting from their imitation of foreigners. Were the financial situation of this country not so difficult the loss would not be felt, but in a time like this when China is hard pressed from every side within and without such prodigality and sumptuousness will no doubt hasten a great disaster to this nation. This then is another reason of poverty in this country. (To be Continued.) A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce. THE fellows talked together in little groups. One fellow said: — They were caught near the Hill of Lyons. — Who caught them? — Mr. Gleeson and the Minister. They were on a car. The same fellow added: — A fellow in the Higher Line told me. Fleming asked: — But why did they run away, tell us? — I know why, Cecil Thunder said. Because they had fecked cash out of the rector's room. — Who fecked it? — Kickham's brother. And they all went shares in it. But that was stealing. How could they have done that? — A fat lot you know about it, Thunder! Wells said. I know why they scut. — Tell us why. — I was told not to, Wells said. — O, go on, Wells, all said. You might tell us. We won't let it out. Stephen bent forward his head to hear. Wells looked round to see if anyone was coming. Then he said secretly: — You know the altar wine they keep in the press in the sacristy? — Yes. — Well, they drank that and it was found out who did it by the smell. And that's why they ran away, if you want to know. And the fellow who had spoken first said: — Yes, that's what I heard too from the fellow in the Higher Line. The fellows were all silent. Stephen stood among them, afraid to speak, listening. A faint sickness of awe made him feel weak. How could they have done that? He thought of the dark silent sacristy. There were dark wooden presses there where the crimped surplices lay quietly folded. It was not the chapel but still you had to speak under your breath. It was a holy place. He remembered the summer evening he had been there to be dressed as boat-bearer, the evening of the procession to the little altar in the wood. A strange and holy place. The boy that held the censer had swung it gently to and fro near the door with the silvery cap lifted by the middle chain to keep the coals lighting. That was called charcoal: and it had burned quietly, as the fellow had swung it gently, and had given off a weak sour smell. And then when all were vested he had stood holding out the boat to the rector and the rector had put a spoonful of incense in and it had hissed on the red coals. The fellows were talking together in little groups here and there on the playground. The fellows seemed to him to have grown smaller: that was because a sprinter had knocked him down the day before, a fellow out of Second of Grammar. He had been thrown by the fellow's machine lightly on the cinder-path and his spectacles had been broken in three pieces, and some of the grit of the cinders had gone into his mouth. That was why the fellows seemed to him smaller and farther away and the goalposts so thin and far and the soft grey sky so high up. But there was no play on the football grounds for cricket was coming: and some said that Barnes would be the prof. and some said it would be Flowers. And all over the playgrounds they were playing rounders and bowling twisters and lobs. And from here and from there came the sounds of the cricket bats through the soft grey air. They said: pick, pack, pock, puck: little drops of water in a fountain slowly falling in the brimming bowl. Athy, who had been silent, said quietly: — You are all wrong. All turned towards him eagerly. — Why? — Do you know? — Who told you? — Tell us, Athy. Athy pointed across the playground to where Simon Moonan was walking by himself kicking a stone before him. — Ask him, he said. The fellows looked there and then said: — Why him? — Is he in it? Athy lowered his voice and said: — Do you know why those fellows scut? I will tell you but you must not let on you know. — Tell us, Athy. Go on. You might if you know. He paused for a moment and then said mysteriously: — They were caught with Simon Moonan and Tusker Boyle in the square one night. The fellows looked at him and asked: — Caught? — What doing? 108 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 Athy said: — Smugging. All the fellows were silent: and Athy said: — And that's why? Stephen looked at the faces of the fellows but they were all looking across the playground. He wanted to ask somebody about it. What did that mean about the smugging in the square? Why did the five fellows out of the Higher Line run away for that? It was a joke, he thought. Simon Moonan had nice clothes and one night he had shown him a ball of creamy sweets that the fellows of the football fifteen had rolled down to him along the carpet in the middle of the refectory, when he was at the door. It was the night of the match against the Bective Rangers and the ball was made just like a red and green apple only it opened and it was full of the creamy sweets. And one day Boyle had said that an elephant had two tuskers instead of two tusks and that was why he was called Tusker Boyle, but some fellows called him Lady Boyle because he was always at his nails, paring them. Eileen had long thin cool white hands too because she was a girl. They were like ivory; only soft. That was the meaning of Tower of Ivory but Protestants could not understand it and made fun of it. One day he had stood beside her looking into the Hotel Grounds. A waiter was running up a trail of bunting on the flagstaff and a fox terrier was scampering to and fro on the sunny lawn. She had put her hand into his pocket where his hand was and he had felt how cool and thin and soft her hand was. She had said that pockets were funny things to have: and then all of a sudden she had broken away and had run laughing down the sloping curve of the path. Her fair hair had streamed out behind her like gold in the sun. Tower of Ivory. House of Gold. By thinking of things you could understand them. But why in the square? You went there when you wanted to do something. It was all thick slabs of slate and water trickled all day out of tiny pinholes and there was a queer smell of stale water there. And behind the door of one of the closets there was a drawing in red pencil of a bearded man in a Roman dress with a brick in each hand and underneath was the name of the drawing: Balbus was building a wall. Some fellows had drawn it there for a cod. It had a funny face but it was very like a man with a beard. And on the wall of another closet there was written in backhand in beautiful writing: Julius Cæsar wrote The Calico Belly. Perhaps that was why they were there, because it was a place where some fellows wrote things for cod. But all the same it was queer what Athy said and the way he said it. It was not a cod because they had run away. He looked with the others across the playground and began to feel afraid. At last Fleming said: — And we are all to be punished for what other fellows did? — I won't come back, see if I do, Cecil Thunder said. Three days' silence in the refectory and sending us up for six and eight every minute. — Yes, said Wells. And old Barrett has a new way of twisting the note so that you can't open it and fold it again to see how many ferulæ you are to get. I won't come back too. — Yes, said Cecil Thunder, and the prefect of studies was in Second of Grammar this morning. — Let us get up a rebellion, Fleming said. Will we? All the fellows were silent. The air was very silent and you could hear the cricket bats but more slowly than before: pick, pock. Wells asked: — What is going to be done to them? — Simon Moonan and Tusker are going to be flogged, Athy said, and the fellows in the Higher Line got their choice of flogging or being expelled. — And which are they taking? asked the fellow who had spoken first. — All are taking expulsion except Corrigan, Athy answered. He's going to be flogged by Mr. Gleeson. — I know why, Cecil Thunder said. He is right and the other fellows are wrong because a flogging wears off after a bit but a fellow that has been expelled from college is known all his life on account of it. Besides Gleeson won't flog him hard. — It's best of his play not to, Fleming said. — I wouldn't like to be Simon Moonan and Tusker, Cecil Thunder said. But I don't believe they will be flogged. Perhaps they will be sent up for twice nine. — No, no, said Athy. They'll both get it on the vital spot. Wells rubbed himself and said in a crying voice: — Please, sir, let me off! Athy grinned and turned up the sleeves of his jacket, saying: — It can't be helped; It must be done. So down with your breeches And out with your bum. The fellows laughed; but he felt that they were a little afraid. In the silence of the soft grey air he heard the cricket-bats from here and from there: pock. That was a sound to hear but if you were hit then you would feel a pain. The pandybat made a sound too but not like that. The fellows said it was made of whalebone and leather with lead inside: and he wondered what was the pain like. There were different kinds of sounds. A long thin cane would have a high whistling sound and he wondered what was that pain like. It made him shivery to think of it and cold: and what Athy said too. But what was there to laugh at in it? It made him shivery: but that was because you always felt like a shiver when you let down your trousers. It was the same in the bath when you undressed yourself. He wondered who had to let them down, the master or the boy himself. O how could they laugh about it that way? He looked at Athy's rolled-up sleeves and knuckly inky hands. He had rolled up his sleeves to show how Mr. Gleeson would roll up his sleeves. But Mr. Gleeson had round shiny cuffs and clean white wrists and fattish white hands and the nails of them were long and pointed. Perhaps he pared them too like Lady Boyle. But they were terribly long and pointed nails. So long and cruel they were though the white fattish hands were not cruel but gentle. And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself, yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle. And he thought of what Cecil Thunder had said; that Mr. Gleeson would not flog Corrigan hard. And Fleming had said he would not because it was best of his play not to. But that was not why. (To be continued.) CALM. The murmurous waves have lulled themselves to rest And indolently ripple on the shore, As if the soul of calm had hushed their roar; The sunlight smiles upon the ocean's breast In laughing dimples; softened and caressed By fondling winds, its sunlit floor Seems paved with placid dreams forever more, Stealing the calm that beautifies the blest! Give me the peace that rests upon life's wave, When on the beach the purling wavelets play And storms are lulled by lovelier visions driven, And all the spurious joys that life once gave Are merged in silence on oblivion's way, And sunlit seas can mirror depths of Heaven! ISIDORE G. ASCHER. March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 109 Exhibition at the Goupil Gallery THE exhibition of new art now showing at the Goupil Gallery deserves the attention of everyone interested in either painting or sculpture. The latter art is represented by the work of Epstein and of Gaudier Brzeska. I endeavoured to praise these men about a month ago and shall again so endeavour. Jacob Epstein has sent in three pieces: a "Group of birds" placid with an eternal placidity, existing in the permanent places. They have that greatest quality of art, to wit: certitude. "A Bird Pluming itself" is like a cloud bent back upon itself—not a woolly cloud, but one of those clouds that are blown smooth by the wind. It is gracious and aerial. These things are great art because they are sufficient in themselves. They exist apart, unperturbed by the pettiness and the daily irritation of a world full of Claude Phillipses, and Saintsburys and of the constant bickerings of uncomprehending minds. They infuriate the denizens of this superficial world because they ignore it. Its impotences and its importances do not affect them. Representing, as they do, the immutable, the calm thoroughness of unchanging relations, they are as the gods of the Epicureans, apart, unconcerned, unrelenting. This is no precious or affected self-blinding aloofness. Mr. Epstein has taken count of all the facts. He is in the best sense realist. The green flenite woman expresses all the tragedy and enigma of the germinal universe: she also is permanent, unescaping. This work infuriates the superficial mind, it takes no count of this morning's leader; of transient conditions. It has the solemnity of Egypt. It is no use saying that Epstein is Egyptian and that Brzeska is Chinese. Nor would I say that the younger man is a follower of the elder. They approach life in different manners. Brzeska is in a formative stage, he is abundant and pleasing. His animals have what one can only call a "snuggly," comfortable feeling, that might appeal to a child. A very young child would like them to play with if they were not stone and too heavy. Of the two animal groups, his stags are the more interesting if considered as a composition of forms. "The Boy with a Coney" is "Chou," or suggests slightly the bronze animals of that period. Brzeska is as much concerned with representing certain phases of animal life as is Epstein with presenting some austere permanence; some relation of life and yet outside it. It is as if some realm of "Ideas," of Platonic patterns, were dominated by Hathor. There is in his work an austerity, a metaphysics, like that of Egypt—one doesn't know quite how to say it. All praise of works of art is very possibly futile—were it not that one finds among many scoffers a few people of good will who are eager for this new art and not quite ready. It is perhaps unfitting for a layman to attempt technicalities, the planes of Mr. Epstein's work seem to sink away from their outline with a curious determination and swiftness. Last evening I watched a friend's parrot outlined against a hard grey-silver twilight. That is a stupid way of saying that I had found a new detail or a new correlation with Mr. Epstein's stone birds. I saw anew that something masterful had been done. I got a closer idea of a particular kind of decision. II. It is much more difficult to speak of the painting. It is perhaps further from one's literary habit, or it is perhaps so close to one's poetic habit of creation that prose is ill got to fit it. Wyndham Lewis is well represented, especially by his "Columbus." One can only pause to compliment the Countess Drogheda that she has set a good example to London. Mr. Etchells has gained greatly in strength. Edward Wadsworth has shown a number of canvases with brilliant and interesting refractions. I would mention especially the moods "Scerzo" and "Vivace," and his "Radiation" which is the "pictorial equivalent" of a foundry as perceived—and there is no need to ridicule these terms before having considered them—as perceived by the retina of the intelligence. It is expressed in terms of arabesque. In general one may say to the uninitiated curious that cubism is an art of patterns. It differs from the pre-renaissance Italian patterns, and from the Japanese or from the pattern of art of Beardsley in that these arts treat a flat space. They make a beautiful arrangement of lines or colour shapes on a flat surface. Their first consideration is the flat space to be used. Cubism is a pattern of solids. Neither cubism nor these other arts of pattern set out primarily to mirrour natural forms. Thus one is removed from Andrea del Sarto and Carlo Dolce and from the discussions of art in "Il Cortegiano" and from all those people who are preoccupied with mimicry. It is difficult to speak of the rest of this exhibit in detail, one may as well fall back upon impressionism as some of the painters have done. There were so many pictures and so many people. They were a glittering confusion. There was someone after Van Gogh. And some one doing music halls not quite à la Degas. And there were people complaining about the Camden Town group and people very much relieved to find that there was still something which didn't threaten their early habits of thought. And it was—I mean the private view was—as they say in the "Times," "A very brilliant occasion." EZRA POUND. Poems. THE WANDERER: A ROCOCO STUDY. ADVENT. Even in the time when still I Had no certain vision of her She sprang from the nest as a young crow At first flight circling the forest, And I know now how then she showed me Her mind, flying near the tree tops, Reaching out and over toward the horizon. I saw her eyes straining in the new distance And as the woods fell from her flying, Likewise they fell from me as I followed— So that I knew (that time) what I must put from me To hold myself ready for the high courses. But one day crossing the ferry With the great towers of Manhattan before me, Out at the prow with the sea-wind blowing I had been wearying many questions Which she had put on to try me: How shall I be a mirror to this modernity? When in a rush, dragging A blunt boat on the yielding river— Suddenly I saw her! and she waved me From the white wet in midst of her playing! She cried me, "Haia! here I am son! See how strong my little finger! Can I not swim well? I can fly too!" and with that a great sea-gull Went to the left, vanishing with a wild cry. But in my mind all the persons of godhead Followed after. 110 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 CLARITY. Come! cried my mind and by her might That was upon us we flew above the river Seeking her, grey gulls among the white— In air speaking as she had willed it— "I am given, cried I, now I know it! I know now all my time is forespent! For me one face is all the world! For this day I have at last seen her, In whom age in age is united— Indifferent, out of sequence, marvellously! Saving alone that one sequence Which is the beauty of all the world, for surely Either there, in the rolling smoke spheres below us, Or here with us in the air intercircling, Certainly somewhere here about us I know she is revealing these things!" And as gulls we flew and with soft cries We beset speech flying, "It is she, The mighty, recreating the whole world And this the first day of wonders! Attiring herself before me— Taking shape before me for worship As a red leaf fallen upon a stone! She of whom I told you, that old queen, Forgiveless, unreconcilable! That high wanderer of byways Walking imperious in beggary— On her throat a single chain of the many Rings from which most stones are fallen, Wrists wearing a diminished state, whose ankles Are bare! Toward the river! Is it she there? And we swerved clamorously downward— In her I will take my peace henceforth!" BROADWAY. Then it was, as with the edge of a great wing She struck!—from behind, in mid air And instantly down the mists of my eyes There came crowds walking—men as visions With expressionless, animate faces; Empty men with shell-thin bodies Jostling close above the gutter, Hasting nowhere! And then, for the first time, I really scented the sweat of her presence And turning saw her and—fell back sickened! Ominous, old, painted— With bright lips and eyes of the street sort— Her might strapped in by a corset To give her age youth, perfect In that will to be young she had covered Her godhead to go beside me. Silent, her voice entered at my eyes And my astonished thought followed her easily: Well, do their eyes shine, their clothes fit? These live I tell you. Old men with red cheeks, Young men in gay suits! See them! Dogged, quivering, impassive— "Well—are these the ones you envied?" At which I answered her, Marvellous old queen, If I could only catch something of this day's Air and sun into your service, Those toilers after peace and after pleasure That toil and pleasure drive, broken at all hours— Would turn again worshippers at all hours!— But she sniffed upon the words warily— Yet I persisted, watching for an answer,— To you, old harlot of greatest lusting— Indiscriminate reveller in all ages— Knower of all fires out of the bodies Of all men that walked the night with lust at heart! To you, O mighty, crafty prowler After the youth of all cities, reeling drunk With the sight of your archness! All the youth That comes to you, you having the knowledge Rather than to those uninitiate— To you, marvellous old queen, give me, Them and me, always a new marriage Each hour of the day's high posting, New grip upon that garment that brushed me One time on beach, lawn, in forest! May I be lifted still up and out of terror, Up from the death living around me! Torn up continually and carried Whatever way the head of your whim is! A bur upon those streaming tatters— But with the fall of night she led me quietly away. PATERSON—THE STRIKE. At the first peep of dawn she roused me Trembling at those changes the night saw, For brooding wretchedly in a corner Of the room to which she had taken me— Her old eyes glittering fiercely— Go! she said and I hurried shivering Out into the deserted streets of Paterson. That night she came again, hovering In rags within the filmy ceiling— Great Queen, bless me with your tatters! You are blest! Go on! Hot for savagery, I went sucking the air! Into the city, Out again, baffled, on to the mountain! Back into the city! Nowhere The subtle! Everywhere the electric! A short bread-line before a hitherto empty tea shop: No questions—all stood patiently, Dominated by one idea: something That carried them as they are always wanting to be carried, But what is it, I asked those nearest me, This thing heretofore unobtainable That they seem so clever to have put on now? Why since I have failed them can it be anything But their own brood? Can it be anything but brutality? On that at least they're united! That at least Is their bean soup, their calm bread and a few luxuries! But in me more sensitive, marvellous old queen, It sank deep into the blood, that I rose upon The tense air enjoying the dusty fight! Heavy wrought drink were the low foreheads, The flat heads with the unkempt black or blond hair! Below the skirt the ugly legs of the young girls Pistons too powerful for delicacy! The women's wrists, the men's arms, red, Used to heat and cold, to toss quartered beeves And barrels and milk cans and crates of fruit! Faces all knotted up like burls on oaks, Grasping, fox snouted, thick lipped, Sagging breasts and protruding stomachs, Rasping voices, filthy habits with the hands. Nowhere you! Everywhere the electric! Ugly, venomous, gigantic! Tossing me as a great father his helpless Infant till it shriek with ecstasy And its eyes roll and its tongue hangs out—! I am at peace again, old queen, I listen clearer now. Abroad Never, even in a dream Have I winged so high nor so well As with her, leading by the hand, That first day on the Jersey mountains. And never shall I forget The trembling interest with which I heard Her low voice in a thunder: You are safe here, look child, look open-mouth! The patch of road between precipitous bramble banks, The tree in the wind, the white house, the sky! March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 111 Speak to them of these concerning me! For never while you permit them to ignore me In these shall the full of my freed voice Come grappling the ear with intent! At which I cried out with all the might I had, Waken! O people, to the boughs green With unripe fruit within you! Waken to the myriad cinquefoil In the waving grass of your minds! Waken to the silent Phœbe nest Under the eaves of your spirit! But she stooping nearer the shifting hills Spoke again, Look there! See them! There in the oat-field with the horses! The weight of the sky is upon them, The great fire-flies in the evening of heaven Beneath which all roof beams crumble! There is none but the single roof beam, There is no love bears against the great fire-flies! At this I shouted again still more loudly But my voice was a seed in the wind, And she, the old one, laughing Seized me and whirling about, bore back To the city, upward, still laughing Until the great towers stood above the meadow Wheeling beneath, the little creeks, the mallows That I picked as a boy, the Hackensack So quiet, that looked so broad formerly: The crawling trains, the cedar swamp upon the one side— All so old, so familiar—so new now To my marvelling eyes as we passed Invisible. SOOTHSAY. Eight days went by, eight days Comforted by no nights, until finally: Would you behold yourself old, beloved? And I was pierced! yet I consented gladly For I knew it could not be otherwise. And she—Behold yourself old! Sustained in strength, wielding might in gript surges. Not bodying the sun in weak leaps But holding way over rockish men With fern free fingers on their little crags, Their hollows, the new Atlas, to bear them For pride and for mockery! Behold Yourself old! Winding with slow might A vine among oaks to the thin tops, Leaving the leafless leaved, Bearing purple clusters! Behold Yourself old! Birds are behind you In forest silent to the hills. You are the wind coming that stills birds, Shakes the leaves in booming polyphony— Slow winning high way amid the knocking Of boughs, evenly crescendo, The din and bellow of the male wind! Leap then from forest into foam! Lash about from low into high flames Tipping sound, the female chorus— Linking all lions, all twitterings To make them nothing! Behold yourself old. And as I made to answer she continued, A little wistfully, yet in a voice clear cut— Good is my over lip and evil My under lip to you henceforth, For I have taken your soul between my two hands And this shall be as it is spoken. SAINT JAMES' GROVE. And so it came to that last day When, she leading by the hand, we went out Early in the morning, I heavy of heart For I knew the novitiate was ended, The ecstasy was over, the life begun. In my woollen shirt and the pale blue necktie My grandmother gave me, there I went With the old queen right past the houses Of my friends down the hill to the river As on any usual day, any errand. Alone, walking under trees, I went with her, she with me, in her wild hair By Santiago Grove and presently She bent forward and knelt by the river, The Passaic, that filthy river. And there, dabbling her mad hands, She called me close beside her. Raising the black water, then in the cupped palm She bathed our brows wailing and laughing: River we are old, you and I, We are old and in our state, beggars. Lo the filth in our hair! our bodies stink! Old friend, here I have brought you The young soul you have long asked of me. My arms in your depths, river, Let us hold this child between us, Let us make him yours and mine! Such were her words spoken. Stand forth river and give me The old friend of my revels! Give me the well-worn spirit For here I have made a room for it And I will return to you forthwith The youth you have long wanted. Stand forth river and give me The old friend of my revels! And the filthy Passaic consented! Then she leaping up with a great cry— Enter youth into this bulk! Enter river into this young man! Then the river began to enter my heart Eddying back cool and limpid Clear to the beginning of days! But with the rebound it leaped again forward— Muddy then black and shrunken Till I felt the utter depth of its filthiness, The vile breath of its degradation, And sank down knowing this was me now. But she lifted me and the water took a new tide Again into the older experiences. And so, backward and forward, It tortured itself within me Until time had been washed finally under, And the river had found its level— And its last motion had ceased And I knew all—it became me. And I knew this for double certain For there I saw myself, whitely, Being borne off under the water! I could have shouted out in my agony At the sight of myself departing Forever, but I bit back my despair For she had averted her eyes By which I knew well enough of her thoughts And so the last of me was taken. Then she—Be mostly silent! And turning to the river, spoke again: For him and for me, river, the wandering, But by you I leave, for happiness, Deepest foliage, the thickest beeches Though elsewhere they are all dying: Tallest oaks and yellow birches That dip leaves in you mourning As now I dip my hair, immemorial Of me, immemorial of him, Immemorial of these our promises! Here shall be a birds' paradise— They sing to you rememb'ring my voice, Here the most secluded spaces For wide around, hallowed by a stench To be our joint solitude and temple, A memory of this clear marriage And the child I have brought you in the late years Live river, live in luxuriance Rememb'ring this our son, In remembrance of me and my sorrow And of the new wandering. WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS. 112 March 16th, 1914 Memoirs of a Charming Person. CONVERSATION THE FIRST. MAY God keep the soul of the Count de Gabalis, for I have just heard that he is dead of an apoplexy. The curious will not fail to say that such a death is usual for one who has failed to keep the secrets of the Sages; and that since Raymond Lully, of blessed memory, so ordained in his will, an avenging angel has never failed promptly to wring the neck of any who have indiscreetly revealed the mysteries of philosophy. But they should not so lightly condemn this learned man, without further light on his conduct. It is true that he told me everything, but only with all due cabalistic circumspection, and one owes it to his memory to say that he was zealous in the religion of his fathers, the philosophers, and that he would have been burned alive rather than profane their sanctity by confiding in any unworthy prince; in any man either ambitious, or incontinent, these three kinds of people having been from all time excommunicated by the Wise. Happily I am not a prince, I have but little ambition, and it will be seen from what follows that I have even a little more than the chastity necessary to a Sage. He found my mind docile, curious, and not timid; I only lacked a touch of melancholy, to make it clear to those who would blame Count de Gabalis for having withheld nothing from me, that I was a fair subject for the Secret Sciences. It is true that without melancholy one cannot make any great progress in them; but he was not deterred by my possessing so little. "You have (he said to me a hundred times) Saturn in an angle, in his own house, and retrograde; you cannot fail to be some day as melancholy as becomes a Sage; for the wisest of all men (as we know from the Cabala) had, as you have, Jupiter in the ascendant; nevertheless he is never known to have laughed once during his whole life, so powerful was the influence of his Saturn, although it was much feebler than in your own case." So the curious must blame my Saturn and not Count de Gabalis if I take more pleasure in telling their secrets than in practising them. If the stars fail in their duty, it is not the Count's fault; and if I have not enough greatness of soul to try and become the master of Nature, to overthrow the Elements, to communicate with Supreme Intelligences, to command Demons, to engender Giants, to create new Worlds, to speak with God on his awful throne, and to compel the Cherubin who guards the entrance of the Earthly Paradise, to allow me to take a few turns in his garden; it is I alone who am to be blamed, or pitied; and the memory of that rare man must not be insulted on my account, nor must it be said that he died because he taught me all these things. Is it impossible, as frays are of daily occurrence, that he should have fallen in a fight with some intractable hobgoblin? Perhaps when he spoke with God on the flaming throne, he could not stand against the temptation of looking him in the face, for it is written that no man shall look on him and live. Perhaps he is only apparently dead, after the manner of philosophers, who appear to die in one place, and transport themselves to another. However this may be, I cannot think that the way in which he confided his treasures to me deserves punishment. This is how the thing happened. As commonsense has always led me to suspect that there is much emptiness in what are called Secret Sciences, I have never been tempted to look through the books which treat of them; but, not thinking it reasonable to condemn, without knowing why, all those who are addicted to them, who are often otherwise clever men, mostly learned, notable in the service of the law or of the sword, I have taken upon myself (to avoid being unjust, and not to bore myself with dull reading) to pretend that I am interested in all these sciences, when with anyone whom I have reason to suppose has enquired into them. At first I had even more success than I expected. As all these gentlemen, however much they may pride themselves on being mysterious and reserved, ask nothing better than to display their imaginations, and the new discoveries which they claim to have made in Nature, in a few days I was the confidant of the most considerable amongst them; I had always one of them in my study, which I had purposely furnished with their most fantastical authors. No foreign man of learning came without my knowing of it; in a word, as regards science, I was soon a celebrated personage. I had princes, great lords, lawyers, beautiful ladies, and ugly ones also; doctors, prelates, monks, little nuns, for my companions; in brief, all sorts of people. Some were concerned with the Angels, others with the Devil, others with their own Genius, others with Incubii, others with the healing of all ills, others with the stars, others with the secrets of the Divinity, and nearly all with the Philosopher's Stone. They were of one mind as to the difficulty of finding out these great secrets, particularly that of the Philosopher's Stone, and were agreed that but few can discover them: but they all had privately a sufficiently good opinion of themselves, to believe they were among the Elect. Happily the most important among them were at that time impatiently expecting the arrival of a German, a great lord and a great Cabalist, whose property is near the Polish frontier. He had promised by letter that he would pay a visit to the Children of Philosophy in Paris, as he passed through France, on his way to Germany. I was commissioned to answer the letter of this great man; I sent him the hour of my nativity, so that he could judge whetther I might aspire to the supreme wisdom. My horoscope and my letter were lucky enough to make him do me the honour of replying that I should be one of the first he would see in Paris; and that if the heavens were not in opposition, it would not be his fault if I were not received into the Society of the Sages. In order to make the most of my good luck I carried on a regular correspondence with the Illustrious German. From time to time I laid grave doubts before him, in as logical a form as I could, on the Harmony of the World; on the Numbers of Pythagoras, on the Visions of St. John, and on the first chapter of Genesis. He was delighted with the gravity of these subjects; he wrote unheard-of marvels to me, and I could see that I had to do with a man of very vigorous and very wide imagination. I have sixty or eighty letters of such an extraordinary nature that I could not bring myself, once alone in my study, to read anything else. On a day, when I was reading over again one of the most far-reaching, I saw a good-looking man enter, who, bowing gravely to me, said in French, with a foreign accent: "Adore, my son, adore the All-Good, the All-Great God of the Sages, and never let your pride grow too strong at his having sent you one of the Children of Wisdom, to join you to their company, and make you a sharer in the wonders of his might." At first the novelty of the greeting surprised me, and for the first time I began to doubt whether apparitions do not sometimes appear to one: however, taking courage as best I might, and looking at him with as much civility as the slight fear I felt allowed me: "Whosoever you may be (I said to him) whose greeting is not of this world, you do me great honour in coming to see me; but allow me, if you please, before adoring the God of the Sages, to know of what Sages and of what God you speak; and if it is agreeable to you seat yourself in this armchair, and tell me about this God, these Sages, this Company, these wonders of omnipotence, and either after or before all this, with what kind of being I have the honour to speak." March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 113 "You receive me very wisely, sir (replied he laughing, and taking the chair I offered him). You ask me first of all to explain things which, with your leave, I will not tell you to-day. The compliment I made you is in the words the Sages used to greet them to whom they have resolved to open their heart, or to discover their mysteries. I thought, as you seemed so wise in your letters, that this Salutation would not be unknown to you; also that it was the greatest compliment that could be paid you by Count Gabalis." "Ah, sir," cried I, remembering I had to play a great part, "how can I be worthy of so much goodness? Is it possible that the greatest of men is in my closet, and that the great Gabalis honours me with a visit?" "I am the least of the Sages (replied he, seriously) and God, who metes out wisdom as it pleases his sovereignty, has only given me a little portion, compared with what I admire in my companions. I hope you will some day be equal to them, if I dare judge by the horoscope which you did me the honour to send me: but you will not mind, sir (added he, laughing), if I complain that at first you took me for a phantom?" "Ah! not a phantom" (said I), "but suddenly remembering that Cardan tells how his father was visited one day in his study by seven beings clothed in various colours, who told him odd enough things as to their nature and uses—" "I understand you (interrupted the Count); they were Sylphs, of whom I will speak to you some day; who are a sort of aerial substances, and come sometimes to consult the Sages about the works of Averroës, whom they do not quite understand. Cardan was rash to publish it in all its subtle detail: he found the memoirs among his father's papers, the latter being one of Us; who seeing his son was a born chatterer, never taught him anything important, and let him amuse himself with ordinary astrology, by which he did not even find out that his own son would be hanged. It is through this scamp that you have done me the injury of taking me for a Sylph?" "Injury! (answered I). Why, sir, am I unhappy enough—?" "I am not angry (he interrupted). You could not know that all the elementary spirits are our disciples; that they are too happy when we will condescend to teach them; and that the least of our Sages is more learned and more powerful than all these little people. But we will talk of all that some other time; to-day it is enough satisfaction for me to have seen you. Try, my son, to become worthy of receiving the Cabalistic knowledge, the hour of your regeneration is come, and it only lies with you to become a new creature. Pray earnestly to him who alone has power to renew the heart and give you one capable of the great things I have to teach you; and that he may inspire me to keep none of our mysteries from you." Then he got up, and embracing me without giving me time to answer him: "Good-bye, my son (he went on). I have to see our companions who are in Paris, after which you shall have news of me. But watch, pray, hope and be silent." So speaking, he left my closet. As I showed him out I complained of his short visit, of his cruelty in leaving me so soon, after having given me a glimpse of his knowledge. But having assured me very graciously that I should lose nothing by waiting, he got into his coach, and left me in a state of inexpressible surprise. I could not believe my own eyes or ears. "I am sure (I said to myself) this man is of high station, he has £50,000 a year as patrimony; he seems most accomplished. Why has he taken up with such follies? He spoke very lightly of sylphs. Can he really be a sorcerer, and have I been hitherto mistaken in thinking there are none left? But again, if there are sorcerers, are they generally as pious as this one appears to be?" I understood nothing of it all, nevertheless I resolved to see it through to the end; although I realised there would be some sermons to put up with, and that the spirit who moved him was nothing if not moral, and a preacher. M. DE V.-M. (To be Continued.) Passing Paris. RODIN'S long-announced volume on the cathedrals of France has at last appeared. Price 70 and 50 frs. They tell me there would be six subscribers to a book at this figure on such a subject in England. In France, where the reading-public is far more limited, publications de luxe are quite numerous. Rodin's work, comprising essays and drawings, coincides with the appearance of "La Grande Pitié des Eglises de France," wherein Maurice Barrès deplores the vandalism or neglect which the lesser-known churches of old France suffer in the hands of the Republic. * * * * Monsieur Rodin also makes known his intention to bestow his collection of antiquities and a large number of his own works to the nation on the understanding they be left as he displays them in the "Biron" mansion at 77 rue de Varenne, where he now has his studio and presented to the world as the Musée Rodin. Originally it had been thought that this museum would be housed at his country estate above Meuden, overlooking the valley of the Seine, where it would have become a temple of artistic pilgrimage. By abbreviating the journey for his future admirers M. Rodin has attenuated the touch of vanity in a deed which will be so much to the general advantage while apparently adding to the gratification of a closing career. * * * * Miss Isadora Duncan, whom, in "La Vie des Lettres," Fernand Divoire exhorts in rhyme to resume her mission, has pitched her tent, for herself and her little following of pupils, on the heights of Bellevue, in a vast building large enough to hold an army. This means, no doubt, that M. Divoire's prayer will be fulfilled. * * * * The practice of intelligent dancing, in view of developing both the limbs and the senses, is gaining ground in France. Two disciples of Jacques Dalcroze conduct successful classes, while Mr. Raymond Duncan has gathered a little group of faithful adherents around his ideas. All the members of the Théatre du Vieux Colombier company go in for M. Jacques Dalcroze's methods. * * * * A new dancer was recently revealed in a series of performances given at the Théâtre des Champs Elysées. She is a Persian and she dances her national dances. Though she claims to be merely an interpreter and not an inventor, her choregraphy is none the less new to a European audience which, uninitiated though it may be in the subtle mysteries of this delicate form of artistic expression, cannot fail to recognise what Armène Ohanian contributes to it of her own. Seduction is the main instigator of these pretty movements as performed at the harem, but the tragic element introduced by Armène Ohanian, who never allows them to become lascivious in a trivial sense, gives them a character placing them in the very first rank of dances such as we have seen. Armène Ohanian is a great artist in her minute way. She should be welcomed in England. * * * * M. Alexandre Mercereau, who is the author of an admirable book of criticism entitled "La Littérature française et les Idées nouvelles," publishes "La Paix 114 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 Armée et le Problème de l'Alsace dans l'Opinion des nouvelles génerations françaises" at Figuière's. M. Mercereau is a very earnest writer, consequently suited to treat a subject of the kind. The same firm perseveres with its translations, "made at the instance of Mr. Bernard Shaw," by Auguste and Henriette Hamon, of the plays "Pleasant and Unpleasant." Never were books more lauded in advance than were these; never did sky-rocket go out more quickly. A most ingenious idea for probing the nature and extent of feminism in France will be carried out, through the medium of the "Journal," at the forthcoming elections. A great many people hold that Frenchwomen are too indifferent to politics to trouble to vote and, if they did, their tendency would be to vote in a "reactionary" direction, their opinions being, as these persons contend, influenced by their clerical advisers. Whether this is the case will be discovered by placing a woman's ballot-box by the side of the usual one, where the ladies of the parish will be expected to throw their bulb tins to be examined and counted, though they will carry no further weight, with the intent of ascertaining their views. * * * * One of the most curious books I ever came across in my life is "Le Baptème des Fleurs," where J. Viaud-Bruant, "gardener," member of a hundred horticultural and other analogous societies, decorated etc., speaks of the significance of names. It fell into my hands a few moments after I had read Mr. Compton-Rickett's article "Agni Konda" in the last EGOIST and sets forth in popular and familiar language the theory that names can be "conjured with." M. Charles Grolleau, the French translator of Blake's "Marriage of Heaven and Hell"; of Wilde's "Intentions" and Mgr. Benson's "Paradoxes of Catholicism," gives us a revised and augmented edition of his poems grouped under the heading "Reliquiæ" (Crès et Cie.). This charming poet also contributes to a little monthly of prose and verse, "Le Double Bouquet," edited by M. André Germain, which under a cover unworthy of its contents somewhat too humbly hides among the most gifted, if less sensational, young French poets: Guy-Charles Cros, Charles Grolleau, Abel Léger and Fritz R. Vanderpyl, a foreigner who has chosen the French language as his favourite medium. And he uses it well. * * * * A "mystery" in six tableaux by O. W. Milosz (pronounced as though the 1 were a w)—a Pole who writes in French as Mr. Joseph Conrad does in English—originally published by the "Nouvelle Revue française," received stage consecration a few days ago. It was not, unfortunately, presented in the unrealistic spirit in which it is written and did not gain by dramatic materialisation. But a work as lefty as is this "Miguel Mañara," wherein Don Juan of history becomes a character in tragedy, cannot be utterly destroyed whatever is done to it, and the actors were assisted in their interpretation by the emphasised rhythm of the author's fine, plastic prose. This mystery, which describes the conversion of Don Juan and his taking orders is written "to the glory of Christ." * * * * The Theatre du Vieux Colombier continues prosperous. Paul Claudel's "L'Echange" was a triumph while the admirable way in which Molière is interpreted attracts a houseful of Latin-quarter foreigners each time it is given. The Théâtre du vieux Colombier does permanently what the "Œuvre" did and still occasionally does ephemerally and must have struck a severe blow to the neighbouring Odéon. In connection with its reformed mise-en-scene it is interesting to learn that the costumes are the design of a young woman, Mlle. Val-Rau, whose pictures have attracted attention at the Salon de la Sté. Nationale and elsewhere. To say that her ideas are entirely in harmony with the general scheme is to say they are perfect. * * * * An exhibition of bindings by René Kieffer, wood-engravings by P. E. Vibert, etchings by Louis Legrand and Félicien Rops, drawings by Bernard Naudin and Ciolkowski, sculpture by MM. Popineau and de Charmoy, and various works by Mme. Van Bever, MM. Charles Jouas and Déverin, will be open until March 21 in the showrooms of the publishers, George Crès et Cie, 116, Boulevard Saint Germain. All these works are worth seeing and are a rest from the tedious polychromy of picture-galleries. * * * * "La Grande Revue" has, in a recent issue, devoted an article to Mme. Aurel considered as a leader of new thought, the founder of a species of philosophy it is easy to label "Aurélisme." Our preference goes to Mme. Aurel not in this pedantic aspect but for her agile wit and explorating sensibility. We fear Mme. Aurel suffers from admirers as indiscriminating as her detractors are unsparing. How many reputations are not similarly burdened and how necessary it is to isolate the artist from the following of worshippers who make him odious to others by their parasitical adherence. His worst enemies are better friends than these. Mr. Bergson is of those who have been effectually smothered in this fashion. * * * * If, as I have had occasion to mention above, publications at fancy prices meet with sufficient demand to justify their fairly frequent repetition, the ultra-cheap editions become more frequent from day to day. You can now buy a whole novel—printed in newspaper form for one sou and I have just indulged in the luxury of a book by Henri de Régnier for 10c.—biographical sketch thrown in. I find I can allow myself such distinguished contemporaries as Rachilde, H. G. Wells, Georges Le Cardonnel, Péladan, Colette Willy, Gorki, Paul Adam, Camille Flammarion—not to speak of Upton Sinclair and numerous classics from Shakespeare downwards. These can be had in pamphlets at the same price, or bound at 30c. and 95 centimes. SAINT FIACRE. Reviews. THE HOUSE THAT THE SET-BACKS BUILT. I AM not sure that I shall be alive in 2014 or thereabout. Probably someone else will be asked to relate the story of how England aspired to redramatise its theatre in the bright and joyous days of 1914. And how in those days finding business in the Intellectual Drama and Theatre line was slack because the public had grown mighty tired of hearing nothing but dismal speeches, it called in the Undertaker to measure the Intellectual Drama and Theatre for an ample coffin and commissioned the New Spirits to write nice obituary notices. And owing to this and other circumstances things were getting so terribly bad for the Intellectual Business that someone said that unless they did something quick there was a considerable danger that the Intellectual Drama and Theatre (including the dismal speeches) might be forgotten altogether. And as a consequence someone else suggested that what was needed to save the situation was a National Theatre. On hearing this out came the Set-Backs, the Classical Archaeologists, Great Scholars and others of the Tribe of Specialised Unintelligence (including the literary persons turned dramatic tasters) to see what could be done towards building a National Theatre. And one said that for his own part he thought that the best March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 115 thing to do was to erect a knowledge of fossilized classics into a dramatic career; and others thought that on a foundation of stinking dregs supplied by Greece, or Rome, or the Renaissance a National Theatre would best stand and expand. So they set to work to discover how these foundations were laid. Now when the Set-Backs (the same which are of the Tribe of Specialised Unintelligence, including the literary persons turned dramatic tasters), had set to work excavating and building it was observed that there was no life in their efforts. Zeal and energy were apparent, but misdirected, and some candid persons went so far as to say that the T.O.S.U. were incapable of handling their own materials. Then the truth came out. They could not handle words to mean anything. As the learned doctors and professors of 2014 are likely to question this charge of incompetence I will add evidence in support of it. The first on my list to exhibit brain-fuddle in the handling of her materials (words) is Miss Jane Harrison, LL.D., D.Litt. (a most learned doctor of literature be it observed). Miss Harrison's contribution (in Ancient Art and Ritual, Williams and Norgate), to the perplexing question of how to preserve the poisonous influences of the classic and modern intellectual tradition in what, for the sake of brevity I may call a House of Set-Backs, is a foundation suggested by Tolstoy and supplied by Greece. From the outset it is clear that Miss Harrison is a slave to Tolstoy's theory of art. Indeed but for Tolstoy it is doubtful whether her book would have been written. Tolstoy is brought on towards the end of the book (which ought really to be read backwards) with democratic airs and much damp gunpowder in an attempt to blow individualism to the moon. "Tolstoy divined," says the author, "that Art is social not individual." Thereupon she proceeds to argue that "Art is social in origin, it remains and must remain social in function. The dance from which the drama rose was a choral dance, the dance of a band, a group, a church, a community." Persons who maintain authoritatively that "Art is social in origin" and that the drama rose from a group dance, are ignorant windbags. They may try to invent an ingenious confirmation of their opinion by the aid of intellectual theory but they will not succeed. They forget or they have never realised that Art was before intellectual theory, or society was. Classical scholars and specialised intellects, writers of no real account on Art, Drama and Religion, are the product of civilisation and it is they who preach that Art is "social in origin" and begins and ends with civilisation. If such persons would divest themselves of civilised ways, ideas, thoughts and clothing and retire to some South Sea Island and subsist on roots and feeling for a time it might occur to them that the origin and nature of Art are to be sought in a world of emotional reality, not in one of intellectual reality where Miss Harrison makes her start. Art, Drama and Religion to primitive Man mean his individual feeling of relation to the world of emotional reality. When man became civilised or mass-man he lost this sublime feeling and instead formed an idea of the world of intellectual reality and his relation to that world. Thus Art and Drama to him became social gods. They took sides, were given a mission, worked for social ends, descended from the Universal to the Local, from the Eternal to the Ephemeral, from Heaven to Hell. In fact they changed their original and individual meaning for a new and unintelligible one. And what this meaning is may be discovered in Miss Harrison's book. The author's chief concern is to show the importance of the "And" as denoting "an intimate connection" which "exists between ritual and art." Accordingly the "and" performs strange conjuring tricks. It makes art and ritual do the same thing. "Both art and ritual copy." It makes ritual precede art in a whole chapter devoted to the transition from ritual to art (drama). In this way. "Dionysius is but a maypole once perceived, then remembered, then conceived." Hence the Greek drama. It disappears and leaves ritual and art in each other's arms. Study this rigmarole: "Ritual we saw was a re-presentation or a pre-presentation, a re-doing or pre-doing, a copy or imitation of life, but—and this is the important point—always with a practical end. Art is also a representation of life and the emotions of life, but cut loose from immediate action." Apparently Art is impractical. And to prove it the author argues something as follows. Two men see a bogey. The one, a social reformer, cuts its throat; the other, an artist-caricaturist, instantly expresses the emotion which the sight of the bogey calls forth. Then the "and" reappears to introduce the social factor. "Ritual makes, as it were, a bridge between real life and art." "Real life" is doubtless Jane Harrison for social life. So "and" plays its part in confusing the visible with the invisible, the thing with that which lies behind the thing. The author is hypnotised by mere words. "If drama be at the outset divine with its roots in ritual, why does it issue in art?" "Art and religion spring from perception and emotion that have somehow not found immediate outlet in practical action." "Weak as he (primitive man) is in individuality, it is not his private and personal emotions that tend to become ritual, but those that are public, felt and expressed officially." "The element of real drama, real impersonation." "In the relation between the orchestra (dancing-place) and the theatre (spectator-place) we see the whole development from ritual to art—from dromenon to drama." "Two only of our senses are the channels of art." "Art, whether sculpture, painting, drama, music, is of sight or hearing." "The artist renounces doing in order to practice seeing." "Science has given us back something strangely like a world-soul, and art is beginning to feel she must utter our emotions towards it." The italics are mine. If Miss Harrison will cultivate the habit of using the terms Art, Drama and Ritual appropriately with a knowledge of their primary and metaphorical senses and then rewrite her book she may have something interesting to say. It will not be that "Art and Drama are social in origin." The second on my list of brain-fuddled Set-Backs is Mr. John Palmer. Mr. Palmer is a critic by intention and a prophet by hope, who is anxious to present London with a National Theatre that shall make the conditions of theatrical life in London as perfect as can be conferred upon its dull inhabitants. Accordingly he has embodied his notion of a National Theatre in a book misnamed "The Future of the Theatre" (Bell). After struggling through the maze of cant, contradiction, stupid argument, rhetoric and romantic slush presented by this book, I put the book aside for detailed review. I notice that the "Mask" alone appears to give an honest opinion of "The Future of the Theatre." In the current issue it repudiates both the author and his book. It says, "He (the author) succeeds in misrepresenting and misunderstanding with a faultless ignorance all things to do with the theatre and its future." It refers to his "indifference to the achievements of other nations," "blindness to larger issues" and adds, "he has failed completely—to write a serious book on the Theatre of the Future." The "Mask" has also an interesting note on the life and letters of Vincent Van Gogh by Felix Urban. The note refers incidentally to "The Letters of a Post-Impressionist" translated by our old friend Andy McTreacle alias "To-my-friends-Ludovici." It does not tell us that Professor Ludovici went to "Rhythm" for his inspiration as well as for some of his translation. Marinetti's manifesto glorifying the Music Hall and Mr. Gordon Craig's comments thereon, make bright reading. I come now to the third person on my list who muddles the handling of words. The words that Miss Marie C. Stopes (who is a lecturer in Palœobotany) undertakes to handle are Japanese, and her object in doing so is to enlighten us on the Japanese theatre and poetic form of drama. I had some unpleasant things to say about her book "Plays of Old Japan" the "No" (Heinemann) but I find that the January "Poetry Review" has said them for me. After pointing out that Miss Stopes is a bit shakey in her rendering of Japanese proper names, Mr. T. G. Komai, of Tokio, hastens to tell us that the present revival of the old-world Japanese Dramas "is due to the help they give to physical culture by broadening the chest through deep breathing necessary to their recitation." He adds, they out-Yoga Yoga practice. This will be news to persons not born in Japan. Miss Stopes, who has been at pains to translate some of the best specimens 116 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 of Japanese dramatic poetry, has overlooked its breathing exercise properties. Unlike Milton's full-vowelled poetry, none of her translated stuff is likely to add inches to the chest. Here is a specimen. "And prithee, traveller, these useless things We beg thee ask us not, we prize the time When we can gather these young roots of spring." This reminds one of Browning's jumble of fat consonants and starving vowels. A reciter who attempted to get this idiot English from the bottom of his lungs would be in danger of death from dyspnoea. That part of Dr. Stopes' book which describes the Japanese theatre, stage, symbolical scenery and properties, is however quite good and of special interest at this moment of simplified staging. Two of the admirable plates, a view, and a diagram of the "No" stage are reproduced in the current "Mask." If we must have the diction drama as an aid to physical culture, then let us have something which can be both spoken and listened to with pleasure. In the aforementioned translation the poetic soul of Japan is missing and the result is not in any sense a sound investment for England. We could do without it. In the department of poetry and prose we have writers who shine with a fair amount of lustre and who could at a pinch, turn out a steady supply of material for vocal gymnastics. The fact has been observed and more than one society has arisen in the belief that what England needs is not more Dreadnoughts but a stimulus to the verbal expression of suitable verse. Such is the belief of the society which centres round the Poetry Bookshop under the active direction of Mr. Harold Munro. Accordingly we are told in the current number of "Poetry and Drama" that "the proper value of poetry can only be conveyed through its vocal interpretation by a sympathetic and qualified reader." "Poetry is the supreme form of verbal expression." It will be gathered that a great deal depends upon the "singer" and the "singer's" English. And some persons would say that it is not much use writing good verse till we get the "singers." How for instance would Lord Dunsany's dialogue in his satire on ceremonial magic, "The Golden Bough," survive the unqualified speakers of an average repertory company? Very badly according to Mr. Basil Dean who, writing on "The Problem of the Repertory Theatre," maintains that in the repertory theatre the "artistic problem comes second" as yet. Of course the "artistic" and "verbal expression" problems are one. This back-to-speech movement is however an excellent one. But it has no relation to some movements towards a so-called "great order of society" and social salvation, such for instance as that which contends that individual development must be dominated and disciplined by a supra individual ideal. Movements of the kind are very numerous just now. One of them is finding expression in a new publication the first number of which has reached me. "The Herald of the Star," edited by the Indian youth Krishnamurti, now called Alcyon, about whose person the new Order is crystallising, announces the coming re-incarnation of Jesus Christ. It maintains that the great teacher is necessary to a "great order of society" in the making. By his vision and will alone can society attain proper proportion and balance. Those who desire to know THE EGOIST view of the ruler-man idea may do so by turning to number two of THE EGOIST and reading the editorial, "Skyscapes and Goodwill." HUNTLY CARTER. SOCIOLOGY AND THE INDIVIDUAL. The Sociological Review (Sherratt and Hughes) for January contains an article by R. M. MacIver, in which the author endeavours to effect a compromise between "Society and The Individual." He asserts that there is a golden mean between "the" individual who utterly forgets himself and remembers only his community" and the reverse, between the Comte-Fichte and the Thrasymachus-Nietzsche extremes. It seems that "'the individual' is only at home in society and only in society can 'the individual' develop his potentialities and individualism." In support of this view the author quotes Mr. G. B. Shaw's "Man and Superman": "This is the true joy of life, the being used for a purpose recognised by yourself as a mighty one." Italics mine. This in essence is exploitation and fatalism. In the same issue Mr. S. H. Swinney considers Giambattista Vico according to Croce. To Vico belongs the credit of adding the first impulse to the study of dynamic sociology. He was also the initiator of "Ideal History" according to which social evolution resembles "the brook." The superstitious belief is in full swing to-day. In a long article on "Abnormal Psychology" Professor William Brown contrives beautifully to confuse "personality" with "individuality." H. C. Modern Dramatists. II. There was a man whose strength was great, and who would try it by shouldering the heaviest burden. He fell beneath its weight, despairing; then rose again, and so, in despair and in courage, stumbled towards the future. The drama of Anton Tchekhov lifted a double burden. He wrote of the educated classes of Russia at the time of their blackest despair. The failure of their movement in the eighties had driven them back to the provinces to chafe under their impotence. The finest of them suffered most. Young men, returning from college, worked with desperate energy, trying by individual strength to lift the misery of the people. Slowly their energy left them, crushed out by the terrible indifference that met their efforts. They lost faith and courage, sinking at last into the apathy of their neighbours, resigned to eternal card-playing, vodka-drinking, eating, sleeping, and dying in a shameful indolence. In "Ivanoff" an intangible depression hangs over the action like a heavy mist. Mind and spirit share in the sense of strain, of wasted effort. Ivanoff struggles, protests, and fails, and his failure is a comfortless release. But this misery of the provincial landowners is not the deepest that Tchekov's drama faces. The Western mind finds it difficult to walk in the twisted bypaths of Russian thought. The national heritage of repression, the Asiatic element of resignation, the incalculable penalties that a nation pays for an enslaved lower class, combine to give to the Russian intellectual life a character in which a spirit intensely national is curiously blended with a desire for the universal and the eternal. For the Russian artist, his sight turned inwards, and bearing in his soul the suffering of centuries, is face to face with life itself. No partial concern with its conditions can satisfy his need to answer the problem that meets him as he enters his soul. To what goal is humanity stumbling? And inasmuch as the artist must strive with pain and sorrow before the highest beauty, the purest joy, are within his vision, Tchekhov, the artist of Russia's despair, never quite loses sight of reality and beauty. But the spirit of introspection that drove him ever further in search of a meaning for life is a Greek gift, pressing despair upon every weakness of spirit. Tchekhov's drama, exhausted by its incessant strife against disillusion, becomes at times a veritable shadow-play. He fought despair, he had the need to interpret, to lead his age, but his creative strength failed at times before a threatening distrust of life. And so the people of his drama, distinctive in speech and thought, peer at us between their words, striving desperately for full revelation. They embody the vision of a new dramatic form. Their author is in uncompromising revolt against the drab stupidity of March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 117 the average realist drama, the endless tale of little lives, the wearisome insistence on commonplace morality and thought. In his plays scene passes into scene, people drift across the stage, talking, and drift away. They have not only distinctive speech, but even in their partial obscurity form in the modern theatre a group of vivid personalities, subtle, capable of intense feeling. There is nothing in modern drama like the last scene of "The Cherry Orchard," a series of interrupted conversations, the fantastic crossing of a hundred threads of life. So subtle is the blending of speech and action that gradually the mind sweeps beyond them on the flood-tide of life itself, seeing beneath these broken lives, these half-articulate words, the movement and purpose of humanity. As in "The Seagull" the artist dies, but the spirit of art lives on, breaking old forms in the eternal need for a new vitality. And life, the body of art, degraded when art is degraded, is eternally re-created in the strife with worn-out faith and ideals. Protest against spiritual degeneration, and continual struggle are the meaning of life, as they are the distinction and interest of Tchekhov's drama. There is not always courage in the broken rhythm of these plays. "The Cherry Orchard," the only one of them which suggests any hope for the educated people of the provinces, is at the same time most insistent on the absence of a lasting value in life. Seeing the decay of every faith, it fails to see beyond illusion to the last undying reality. None the less, Tchekhov has seen, and in this vision of his, his drama stands with the philosophy of Bergson, with the whole movement of the scattered Art Theatres of Europe, as a revolt against the determinate philosophy that weakened even the drama of Ibsen, and the promise of as noble a dramatic rhythm as the world has known. He is not a great dramatist: but by virtue of the complexity of the life his plays reveal, of their unresting note of revolt, he is a great artist. And Life, that eludes M. Brieux's shallow assurance and banal rhetoric, is the servant of his art. STORM JAMESON. Correspondence. NOTE TO CORRESPONDENTS.—While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—ED. THE CARESSABILITY OF THE GREEKS. To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, Your correspondent, Auceps, complains that I have not stopped to quote the whole of Reinach's "Apollo" in my 1000-word article on "The New Sculpture." He is angry because I have not filled my page with ideas out of Pater and the Encyclopædia Britannica. He is more interested in preserving the label "Hellenic" than in the vitality of the arts. The difference between serious controversy and journalistic controversy is that, in the former, one is seeking a precise definition and, in the latter, one is trying to "do in" one's opponent. I will therefore try to restate the disputed passages of my article rather than spend space in the analysis of the young Auceps who is sufficiently apparent in his letter. I. The gods forbid that I should set myself up as an art critic. I do not much believe in any criticism of the arts save that which is made by artists, that is I want a painter on painting, a poet on verse, a musician on music. Their criticism can be technical and exact. Beyond this there is a realm of opinion. The layman can say that he likes or that he dislikes. He may explain his reasons. They may be interesting. If he is a thoughtful man or a man skilled in some other art they very probably are interesting. They are NOT, or in most cases they are not in the least likely to be the artist's reasons. I say for instance that Epstein is a very great sculptor and that after him Brzeska is more interesting than any other sculptor in England. I don't in the least suppose that I like a work of Epstein's for the same reasons that he likes it. If I were more interested in form than in anything else I should be a sculptor and not a writer. Epstein working in form produces something which moves me who am only moderately interested in form. Rummel who is interested in sound produces a composition of sounds which moves me who am only moderately sensitive to sound. I, if I am lucky, produce a composition of words which moves someone else who is only moderately interested in words. This faculty for being moved is not criticism but appreciation. There is no need to confuse them. It interests me to find that my surest critic is a contemporary painter who knows my good work from my bad—NOT by a critical process, at least not by a technical process. It is interesting philosophically or whatever you choose to call it. Anyhow it indicates a "life" or a sameness somewhere that we are both trying with our imperfect means to get at. Our alliance must be with our own generation and usually with workers in other arts. No two of us have precisely the same function, and it is certain that the universe will not so suddenly alter its method that any two of us will suddenly come into complete understanding or accord. II. Regarding this pother about the Greeks: Some few of us are at last liberated from the idea that "THE BEAUTIFUL" is the caressable, the physically attractive. Art is not particularly concerned with the caressable. The modern renaissance, or awakening, is very largely due to the fact that we have ceased to regard a work of art as good or bad in accordance with whether it approaches or recedes from the "Antique," the "classical" models. We have come to recognise that that Greek work was not a uniform and unattainable perfection, but that out of a lot of mediocre work; out of a lot of remnants and fragments there remain certain masterpieces to be set apart and compared with other masterpieces from Egypt and from India and from China, and possibly from the south seas and other districts equally remote from Victorian or Pateresque culture. Let us confess that we have derived more pleasure from the works of Wyndham Lewis than from the works of Poussin or of Apelles. Let us take note that the Hellenist no longer takes his stand upon Tadema and Praxiteles. Let us confess that we admire some Greek works more than others. Even the young Auceps may do some service in defending specific Greek works from the general contempt which is beginning to be hurled upon "the Greek," the Greek "as a whole," the Paterine sentimentalesque Hellenism. But he will not perform this service by refusing to see the force of other conventions, by resolutely entrenching himself in prejudice. By limiting his perceptions. London. EZRA POUND. MR. GAUDIER-BRZESKA ON "THE NEW SCULPTURE." To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, I wish to answer the impertinent "Auceps" on the question of new sculpture which he treats with so much contempt. The young gentleman seems to have just left a high school and coming in contact with life he is unable to fathom the depth of artistic earnest—therefore this desperate brandishment of false and arrogant scholastics. If he had entered into the spirit of "logic Greek philosophy" he might have found even there that only the very ignorant try to refute by means of ridicule and irony. No fair-minded person can form an opinion upon the value of such a statement as his, which even relies upon a few French locutions to get acuteness of derision. This much for this aspect of the writer's personality, which I despise. Let us to the Greeks: The archaic works discovered at Gnossos are the expressions of what is termed a "barbaric" people—i.e. a people to whom reason is secondary to instinct. The pretty works of the great Hellenes are the productions of a civilised—i.e. a people to whom instinct is secondary to reason. The enormous differences advocated in favour of these sculptors: Scopas, Praxiteles, Pheidias, Lysippos, Polykleites, Paionios and Myron, I suppose, are at the most differences in tendency—such as between Praxiteles and Pheidias, the former laying stress upon juvenile and morbid gracefulness, the latter upon broad, manly firmness of composition—in general, differences in temperament as existed between Lysippos and Polykleites. Such differences can always be observed among men who are agreed upon any theory. This can be seen in the bosom of the Royal Academy to-day. Let Auceps compare the works of the different sculptors of this institution: a Sir George Frampton statue has many points of divergence from a Howard Thomas, say. What Auceps bitterly calls the "ithyphallic" (or some other word sounding like it and which I do not understand) sculptors of to-day differ from these later Greeks not in tendency but in kind, and Auceps brings upon his head the weight of ridicule by judging these recent works with, as a standard, the superficial qualities of the late Greeks. It would be better if he had the courage to say, "I am a dry intellect and I can understand but to feel is impossible." 118 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 The modern sculptor is a man who works with instinct as his inspiring force. His work is emotional. The shape of a leg, or the curve of an eyebrow, etc., etc., have to him no significance whatsoever; light voluptuous modelling is to him insipid—what he feels he does so intensely and his work is nothing more nor less than the abstraction of this intense feeling, with the result that sterile men of Auceps' kind are frightened at the production. That this sculpture has no relation to classic Greek, but that it is continuing the tradition of the barbaric peoples of the earth (for whom we have sympathy and admiration) I hope to have made clear. London. H. GAUDIER-BRZESKA. "THE ARTIST." To the Editor THE EGOIST. MADAM, I am wearied to nausea by the criticism that denounces the artist whose work is the expression of his own genius, and not of someone else. Such criticism is a Procrustean bed on which to mutilate every piece of creative work that does not "fill up the measure" of such criticism. Should all dramatists write as does Strindberg—as does Ibsen? Should all dramatic artists mould their thought according to a set form or standard of drama? What Mons. Brieux does—he does—and with the strength of life—whether this be to pick out the rotten spots in our social order or to show us how to avoid them. Every great and true setting forth of life, is art. If one should wish to substitute for "art" some other word, I shall not quarrel, provided that word is applied to all such setting forth of life. But I do quarrel with him who says that certain creative work is not of life, because it does not trim its sails to a cut-and-dried and stupidly deified pattern or form of art. And must everyone who presumes to write have wit and grace? Wit and grace are rather silly trappings for a great social idealist. His greatness lies in his ability to scorn such trappings. And what is there so sacred about the mere shell of the drama form, that one may not use it for any expression of life—trimming it to fit life rather than life to fit it? If Strauss be an intellectual musician of special faculty as to realistic detail, why should it be demanded of him that he be a rhythmic mass composer? Has not specialised intellectual detail as much to do with life as cosmic sweeps? Is such criticism worthy of egoists? The artist who simply pictures life as it is—no matter how realistically, no matter with what marvel of detail, with what startling fidelity, or with what invincible beauty and power of form—is merely the mimetic, not the creative artist. The artist who pictures new forms of individual psychic life—forms not yet fully evolved—forms only dimly adumbrated in evolution—is the creative artist, creating out of himself, within the limitations of his own individuality. But the artist who pictures new forms of social life—forms not yet evolved, forms dimly adumbrated in evolution, with no matter what crudeness of outline, what lack of finish in detail, what faintness of contour as to glory and beauty—is the creative artist in excelsis, the artist who creates ex nihilo, the artist who creates as God creates. Philadelphia, Pa., U.S.A. ALICE GROFF. WHY NOT PUT UP THE SHUTTERS? To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, Your comments on my letter to you (which was written, by the way, not to attack you for being an Archist, but to excuse myself for ceasing to co-operate with you) show a most ludicrous misapprehension of the Anarchist position. It is not my intention, however, to attempt to set you right. I wish simply to point out that, if the fact that the combination of Egoism and Archism has figured largely in the world's history shows that it will "work," and if you, as a pragmatist, find it on that account satisfactory, there seems to be no raison d'etre for a paper that heretofore has not had the air of singing paeans to the glory of things as they are. Against what is THE EGOIST rebelling? Against rebellion? Or, having discovered that you are not an Anarchist, am I now to discover that you are not even a rebel? Ajaccio, Corsica. BENJ. R. TUCKER. [We are sorry that THE EGOIST's mottled label should so worry and—we fear—irritate Mr. Tucker. Irresistibly one thinks of the old song: "By what name shall I greet her? How shall I know her voice?" Perhaps if we made a few statements we might help matters somewhat. (1) We refuse to answer to "Rebel." (2) We prefer not to be called "Pragmatist." (3) We may not—according to Mr. Tucker—be called "Anarchist"—wherein we are quite willing to acquiesce. (4) We respond readily to "Egoist," and beg it to be observed that throughout this battle about nomenclature, the "voice" remains the same: and that a well-meaning person could distinguish it anywhere.—ED.] "LOVE ONE ANOTHER." To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, As a reader, who after finishing your article last time, was left in a somewhat confused and breathless state, I venture to ask whether the purport of your condemnatory remarks on "Love one another" amount somewhat to this: Love and Hate are fundamental spontaneous emotions that arise in our innermost self and make us what we are. To allow anyone to tamper with them is to surrender oneself ignominiously to annihilation as an individual. Just as a piece of sculpture is made by the retention of such masses as are desired and by the complete rejection of the rest, so we hew ourselves into shape by our likes and dislikes. If therefore "Love one another" be taken as an injunction to modify our personal emotions, mankind in the bulk have done wisely in rejecting this injunction for the most part. As a matter of fact when it was first uttered it was probably meant as an injunction to modify our conduct and had no bearing on our emotions. We have, I think, now reached that stage in human development when we must recognise clearly to ourselves two distinct spheres: the sphere of our personal emotions as they are experienced by us alone—and the sphere in which we communicate them to others by action. I take it that is what you are mainly driving at in your articles—the distinction between our personal and our actional life. You want to emphasise that prohibitions enforced on us by others on our actions which we cannot resist, must never be allowed by us to influence our emotions against our will. Our emotional life must always be left free to gush up spontaneously like a spring regardless of what obstacles may subsequently encounter. May I put some illustrations here to show how a personal experience can persist though checked in its expression by the action of other people: Supposing a "gentleman" in rather the exact sense of that much-worn term, met a man whom he loathed with good reason in a drawing-room. The "gentleman" would be expected to suppress his outward expression of detestation and be formally polite though he might try his best to avoid the man. The company present would expect that conduct from him or expect him to leave. It would however never occur to the gentleman or to anyone that by so doing he had surrendered any of his dislike of the man and if the hostess, say, tried to bring about a friendly reconciliation it would be regarded by him and others as an unwarrantable impertinence on her part. Although the expression of his hatred had been curbed he would retain it intact. Take again another instance: I may violently dislike something, say seedcake (I do), and on all occasions avoid it. Nevertheless if I verbally expressed this dislike with any frequency, I should bore people to distraction, and if I were at a party in which there was no other cake, in order to avoid hurting the hostess's feelings I should probably endeavour to swallow it. Again supposing I were shipwrecked in a boat and with no other food than seedcake, and supposing I were a useful oar and therefore forced by others to consume this cake, I should probably under those circumstances not resent the compulsion. One thing only should I resent violently all through and that is—someone coming to me and forcing me to say "I like seedcake." Now that is just what the Moralist would want to do. He would concentrate on this one endeavour to make me change my taste, because to him this would be the easiest way to bring about his object. His aim is to regulate men's relations to each other in a rough and ready fashion and quite the easiest way for him is to hypnotise men to surrender their likes and dislikes, which assault on their personality all independent men have always hotly resented. Again who cannot remember being present when some child has been forced by his elders "to ask pardon and say he was sorry" and has not felt the whole thing to be an indecent exhibition. The reason for this sense of indecency was, that we feel the elders though perhaps perfectly right in suppressing the action of the child, had no right to expose the child's personality and demand the surrender of the child's desire. The child was perfectly right from his point of view to want to do some particular thing (say hit his sister) although there were many excellent reasons for preventing him from carrying out his wish. If we interpret "Love one another" then as anything else but an Eastern hyperbole for saying: Refrain from killing and molesting your enemies, for which course there are many excellent reasons quite apart from whatever we may feel towards our enemies, we make an unwarrantable assault on the personal life of our fellow-men. And it is in this personal life I take it that THE EGOIST is most interested. Of course this is a complete divergence from the accepted religious attitude. There the personal life of a man is everybody's concern and to want to mould the inner life of another man to an ideal pattern is a commendable impulse. We have however lost faith in any ideal pattern and THE EGOIST would have each man choose his own ideal pattern and find out what he can do with it. London. H. M. PULLEY. [We are obliged for the illustrations instanced, which will perhaps pertinently enlarge an exposition of necessity brief and summary.—ED.] March 16th, 1914 THE EGOIST 119 ANENT THE DECALOGUE To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, You assume that moral concepts are an outside force ruling the self and making it a slave. So far as I can tell by introspection, they are the self. I am a bundle of tastes and desires, and I give the name Morals to the strongest and most permanent taste, to distinguish it from those whose gratification gives less pleasure in the long run. Hence when I sec a man inflicting needless pain (the only thing I call immoral), I revile him, condemn him, hinder him, and, if I can, punish him, all on purely egoistic principles. A pet thought-concept of yours, by which you appear quite enslaved, is that the people who seek (more or less successfully) wealth and power, are the only people who know what they really want, and are taking advantage of other people's delusions and their own freedom therefrom. Now I believe you are as hearty as I am in your hatred of the meddlesome nuisances who know what is good for their neighbour better than he knows it himself; but here you are doing the very same thing. If A likes to be rich and aggressive and B prefers to be poor and non-aggressive, why on earth should you call B's preference a delusion any more than A's? And how can you show that B is any more enslaved by a concept than A is? You say, "the strong and alert are never moral." They appear to me to have exactly as much morals as the weak. You cannot read the lives and letters of Cromwell or Napoleon without being convinced that both of them greatly enjoyed the applause of their respective Consciences, and did not feel happy without it. Of course they were very bad consciences (by which I mean that they differed from mine); but then so are the consciences of the "herd" whom you rightly despise. Alston. C. HARPUR. [If, for instance, a navvy chooses in his own mind to call his spade, his teaspoon there is nothing to prevent him: even in its consequences his so doing is unlikely to affect the date of Christmas. In like manner, if our correspondent chooses to call a life regulated by "taste" or "desire" the "moral" life, few people—such is modern tolerance—will interfere with him, notwithstanding the fact that etymology and philosophic and popular usage will fail to support his personal idiosyncracy. What his peculiarity will effect however, will be the debarring of himself from any part in the general discussions in which words, i.e. labels, are of necessity of a fixed connotation. When dynamite, for instance, can be called soft sugar or a spring vegetable at will, though we might make sounds intelligible to ourselves, futility will spare us the fatigue of discussion. Again as to the meaning of "concepts" one could advise our correspondent to look up the accepted meaning: which is that of a "thought form" or "generalised abstraction" presumably culled from a multitude of "particulars," i.e. sensibly-appreciable individual facts. Though, therefore, our correspondent declares that we are enslaved to a "concept" his specification of our offending goes to prove that he means we are unduly influenced by a particular fact, or as he would agree, a misapprehension as to that fact: to wit, "That people who seek wealth and power are the only people who know what they really want." Whether our correspondent is correct in stating that we are so influenced is to us here a matter of less importance than is the making clear to him the distinction between "facts" (including the "errors" which pertain to such) and "concepts."—ED.] LEADERS OF THE PEOPLE. To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, "Those who try to lead the people can only do so by following the mob. It is through the voice of one crying in the wilderness that the way of the gods must be prepared." That was one of the truest things ever said by Oscar Wilde, and we have often seen it verified in our time. Bradlaugh was so anxious to lead the people that he degenerated from a great Secularist and Neomalthusian orator into a second-rate parliamentary hack. We have seen Mr. J. M. Robertson do the same. There has been no worse case, however, than that of the Pankhursts. Their evolution during the last eight years is a fine example of the fate of those who try to be popular with their inferiors. Eight years ago the Pankhursts were leading a movement which contained really enlightened women. The Pankhursts themselves were of a superior type, and would certainly not have felt flattered if anyone had classed them with the Salvationists and the White Cross Army. All the goody-goody people hated them. On the other hand, they were befriended by men of real culture and intellect. Mr. A. R. Orage, of the "New Age," nobly went to prison with seventy-five suffragettes. What a change has now taken place! I have just been reading "The Suffragette" of Jan. 23, in which Miss Pankhurst has a long article on "What Women Think," a piece of tawdry rhetoric which does not contain a single honest sentence. A paper more devoid of all sense of beauty, sincerity of thought, or grace of style, has probably never been printed. Nevertheless, I think Miss Pankhurst will accomplish much good—far more than she intends. Undoubtedly she has struck a blow at prostitution: there cannot fail to be less of that in the future. She has also, however, struck a blow at chastity, and she did not intend that. She has vulgarised chastity. Apostles of chastity have in the past had the great wisdom to give no reasons for the faith that was in them. There have never been any arguments in favour of chastity. Hell fire and Mrs. Grundy have hitherto been the guardians of chastity; while romantic virgins have been told something about the Bride of Christ and the Mystic Rose of Paradise. Miss Pankhurst has managed to bring the whole subject into a mundane and utilitarian atmosphere. She has represented chastity as a prudential virtue for surgical reasons. In her eyes Guinevere and Iseult were wicked women because they ran the risk of venereal infection. We must remember also that Miss Pankhurst has been shamefully fooled by a number of eminent doctors. One of the great nuisances of the age is the pretension of many doctors to guide the world on subjects which doctors know no more about than anyone else. Medical science is entirely founded on the discoveries of the dissecting room. Whatever can be examined through a microscope is a subject for medical science. Beyond that, medicine does not go. It knows nothing whatever about the will, or the passions, or the emotions. Few doctors have ever studied even the very little that is known about psychology. Yet a number of extremely ignorant doctors, all of them quite devoid of general culture, have stuffed Miss Pankhurst with the most absurd notions about the strength and freedom of the will, the intensity of the passions, and a number of other subjects on which she might much more wisely have consulted Shakespeare or Balzac. Her obvious ignorance of life is also a great handicap to Miss Pankhurst. Nothing, for instance, can be more preposterous than her idea that variety in love is a proof of excess. One might as well say that variety in eating is a proof of gluttony. A man may be a glutton on boiled beef and turnips, and a very moderate eater on twelve courses. Variety is a proof of susceptibility and refinement rather than excess. Lively and imaginative natures, often of a very ethereal type, are the most addicted to variety in love. When we find Miss Pankhurst contending that women like chaste men best, we can see that she is talking mere rhetoric. No level-headed person with a real love of truth could possibly make a statement like that. Every novelist of any merit in the English language, including George Eliot, is well aware that such is not the case. Nearly all women, including social purity women, prefer a Tom Jones or a Dick Swiveller to a good young man. The bias of women on this point is so strong that they even prefer an unpleasant character like Rawdon Crawley or George Osborne to an honest and worthy but chaste man like William Dobbin. Miss Pankhurst has managed to create an enormous scare, but such scares do not last. Many of those whose attention she has aroused will look around for themselves, and will soon observe that some of the most charming men and women in the world are great varietists, but are nevertheless perfectly free from venereal disease. Mr. Joseph McCabe, a male Miss Pankhurst, has just been scolding Voltaire for being the only naughty Secularist: but he should have mentioned that Voltaire was the only great Secularist who lived to be eighty-four, and that he was the most active man in the world the day before he died. Benjamin Franklin, who wrote the most shocking letters in the world, was also eighty-four; while Wellington and Goethe reached the age of eighty-three, notwithstanding their amours. Palmerston, the most amorous of modern Prime Ministers, was eighty-one. Ninon de Lenclos was ninety. These are only a few cases which I cite from memory, and they scatter to the winds the prudish theories of Miss Pankhurst. The "Great Scourge" can be escaped without making the whole world as dull as a conventicle, and a great many women who have been active in the suffragette movement are becoming alive to the fact. Kelowna, British Columbia. R. B. KERR. MARRIAGE. To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, I am afraid that several points in my letter published on Feb. 16th were not sufficiently clear. Beeban and Noel Teulon Porter, in their letter of March 2nd, misunderstood the following statements:— (1.) I said that "Men and women who are leading a normal healthy sex-life seldom bother their heads about sex." What I should have said was that they "seldom think about sexual subjects against their will. Their sex becomes quiescent until such time as the act again becomes necessary." (2.) When I said that "there are no normal women who regard the sex-act as the final pledge of their faith and their love," I meant that few women can for long so regard it and remain normal. As an example, I will mention the case of a married woman who, through her husband's ignorance or inability, never once in fifteen years' of married life knew what it was to complete the sex-act! She became so nervous that she would sweat and tremble like a frightened horse every time her husband came to her. Is that normal? In fifteen years of cohabitation, he never once completed her part of the sex-act—only his own. And it is interesting to note that the Catholic Church permits a woman to finish (by masturbation) what her husband has begun. It is still more interesting to note that few men know that (in a majority of cases, at least) a virgin must learn or be 120 THE EGOIST March 16th, 1914 taught to enjoy and finish the sex-act. She must concentrate her diffused sexuality where it will do most good. How many men have the patience, vigour, tact and knowledge necessary to teach this most vital matter to virgins who are, by the way, quite willing to learn. I speak of normal girls, not of those who are leading the higher life because of fear, tight corsets, etc., or despair. It would be a good thing if more men would spend half the time on teaching their women that they are willing to waste in learning to play the piercing flute or the shattering cornel. We are pretty poor players on the female instrument and far too easily satisfied by the least squeak of harmony. Men most desire a woman who completes the sex-act, and women most desire the man who can help them to complete it. The Porters say: "Probably little more than fifty per cent. of married women achieve anything better than submission to their husbands," etc. Can they tell me what per cent. of married women complete the sex-act to relaxation every time they participate? Or half the time? And complete relaxation every time is the ideal to be aimed at and by the husband. It is a wife's right to demand this, though I am afraid that in most cases the demand would meet with little success. (3.) I also said in my letter that "As prostitution is suppressed, rape and seduction increase." This merely sums up the police court records of certain cities where the silly experiment was tried. The Porters thought that I wished prostitution to be suppressed: I do not. My remarks about venereal disease and measles I wish to withdraw, as my opinion could, if wrong, do far more harm than the Porters'; and furthermore, I wish to say that the Porters' letter was of rare value. It is not often that a letter is published as wise and honest as theirs. In closing my part of this discussion, I wish to thank and congratulate the Editor for having given so much space to a subject so often hidden away. Paris. H. S. C. "LOW" PLEASURES. To the Editor THE EGOIST. MADAM, I wonder if I may be allowed to add such opinion as I can offer to the process of elucidating this all-important point of sexual relations? My abysmal ignorance necessarily places me among the learners, and I humbly accept the position; but from those ranks I wish to lodge a protest against the attitude of our teachers. The greatest blunder the would-be rationalist can commit is to assume that morality is irrational. Let us alter morality, where expedient, by all means and to all lengths; but if we are wise, we shall be careful that we have very good and definite reasons for the change. Until we have, the very fact that a certain kind of conduct has been considered moral for centuries is an excellent reason against any change. Now it seems to me that the general attitude of your male ¦correspondents on this subject shows all the characteristics of childish narrow-mindedness—a narrow-mindedness that imagines the one essential of broad-mindedness is to throw ordinary morality to the winds, and to talk in an off-hand way on tabooed subjects. All sorts of sweeping assertions are made, vague or dogmatic or both, and all showing a flippancy quite out of place in so serious a subject. I do not doubt the learning of your ¦correspondents—I am incompetent to do that—but I protest that people who wish to set up as teachers should show more of it, and give their students some reasons for their statements. Beeban and Noel Teulon Porter may be, for all I know, a batch of learned professors of physiology who have specialised in the working of the sexual organs and desires; but is that any reason why we should swallow such statements as appear in the second paragraph of their letter in THE EGOIST of March 2nd? "He says, 'It has been almost forgotten that the sexual needs of a woman are at least as great as those of a man.' It has been quite forgotten is nearer the truth." So they comment on the remark of H. S. C. in the previous number; but how are poor ignorant people like me to know it is a fact? If it were it would help us little in the solution; but should we really take it on trust because Beeban and N. T. Porter do not entertain any doubt on the subject? They do not even tell us when it was generally remembered, or offer any explanation as to how it came to be so completely forgotten—a marvellous enough occurrence surely when we consider the heavenly happiness that is renounced by this forgetfulness. They do tell us, on the contrary, that "we venture to think that the sexual behaviour of the people, in private at any rate, remains much as it did at the very dawn of that history." Presumably then, the good old time when the fact, that woman's sexual "needs" are at least equal to man's, was recognised is prehistoric. In that case, how do your correspondents know anything about it? The remainder of this paragraph, on which the whole argument is based, is even more windy. There is not the faintest attempt at proof of the rather mystical account of how "what is scientifically known as sexual desire" is more concentrated in man than in woman, with the surprising result that though man shows more signs of sexual desire he is less sexual than woman. I wish to be a humble and submissive student, but I cannot swallow such things whole—and I hope, for the welfare of all of us, I am not alone in that. I should like to ask your correspondents how they explain the fact that a bitch will not allow a dog to cross her until she is in a certain condition; and why it is that some animals roam in herds in which the females form a kind of harem? Do these facts not point to greater sexual "needs" in the male? Have we any reason for believing there is any fundamental difference btween human beings and animals in this respect? Even among human beings one would like to know why it is the woman who is paid in prostitution, if it is not due to the fact that the female sexual organ has more value to men than the male one to women? It is a significant fact that all these sweeping statements about the sexual "needs" of women are made by men. The two women who do appear on the scene (and both show a more earnest and broad-minded attitude than "we men") are strongly on the opposite side. It seems hard to avoid the conclusion that the men have their own axe to grind in thus saddling women with greater sexual "needs" than themselves: it appears to be but another instance of the bullying cowardice of us lordly males. We wish to indulge our low pleasures, so we assume in women greater "needs" in this line and pat ourselves on the back for satisfying them. What high-souled martyrs we are! After all the relative amount of the "needs" does not help matters. We want proof that they arc "needs" and that they are needs which it is expedient to satisfy. We want the opinions of women on the feelings of women—not the dogmatic assertions of apparently and shamelessly licentious men. Above all we want seriousness and solid reasoning—not the childish, obscene vapourings of even the most "intelligent" of men. Edinburgh. R. R. W. "HONI SOIT QUI MAL Y PENSE." To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, The letter bearing the title "Honi soit qui mal y pense" in jour lust issue contained one sentence—French—which, applied to the conduct of those newly married would abate innumerable evils. To leave off wooing at marriage is as great a mistake as it would be for anyone on a journey to stop half-way to the goal, and say "It is not of any use to go further: this station will do." Of how many couples might it be said that truly at that station they remained, and never reached the goal. To many the remembrance of that station is a haunting spectre of their lives and that from that arrest they never truly in a long and happy life recover! The concealment on one or on both sides of the disenchantment that the ill-advised manner of undertaking the rile of Initiation has induced creates a blight the effects of which are never removed. All for want of the grace implied in the French sentence, all for want of the knowledge that any new departure, however glorious in prospect, must be achieved with a due consideration of the different paths by which the point has been reached. Abandonment to the joy of realisation must be postponed until the truths of the situation have been ascertained. There should be classes, there should be warnings, there should be pointings out of dangers for the pilot whatever his experiences may have been. Liverpool. SIGNAL. WANTED ANSWERS. To the Editor THE EGOIST. MADAM, Would,—could some kind reader tell me, through the columns of THE EGOIST, who it was said "Each man has two patries: his own and France"? (2) Some details about a theory attributed by the author of a just-published book on the import of names called "Le Baptème des Fleurs," by J. Viaud-Bruant, to Professor Wagers (?) of Cambridge University, holding that certain plants are gifted with optic faculties. I should be exceedingly grateful for information on both points. "DOMEK." EDITORIAL. Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be personally addressed: Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of THE EGOIST should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to THE NEW FREEWOMAN, LTD., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed "Parr's Bank," Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, etc, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, THE EGOIST, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Printed by ROBERT JOHNSON and CO., LTD., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors, THE NEW FREEWOMAN, LTD., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.