The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 30. Vol. II. THURSDAY, JUNE 13, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS Sex and Character 6i Heaven. By E. H. Visiak 63 Topics of the Week : Wisdom While You Wait 64 The Judges and Hereditary Ability. By C. H. Norman 65 Problem Plays and Novels. By Wordsworth Donisthorpe 66 The Function of Passion By M. P. Willcocks 67 Rubens. By E. K. Guthrie 69 Interpretations of Life. II. By Harry J. Birnstingl 70 "Elsie Lindtner.' By Rebecca West 72 The Discussion Circle 73 Correspondence : Political Offenders 74 Strindberg 74 " Pass the Bill " 75 The Futile Bill 76 Shall the Yoshiwara be Rebuilt? 76 Mr. Roche 76 " Drainage Poets " 76 Some Thoughts on Religion 77 Interpretations of Sex 77 Free Unions 79 " Champions of Morality " 79 SEX AND CHARACTER. WEININGER, in his poetic outpouring, " Sex and Character," is great enough to commit himself to the dual implications involved in belief—the implications that something has to be established, and that something else, the first thing's opposite, has to be destroyed. Weininger's greatness is born of his courage;his courage is born of his seer's vision, and of the clear, articulated form which his vision assumed by virtue of his being a poet. The powers of his genius hacked through the amorphous mass of human contradictions until they rang out clear upon the one great human affirmation, Personality. In the white light of this fundamental truth he turned round and looked at the human frailties, errors, negations, and recognised them for what they were—the opposers of humanity. They were all those things that hindered the life, the begetting of Personality. The essential quality of the opposing things, he found, was undifferentiation— amorphism. Human beings and human forces he might, therefore, have classified according to their tendency towards, or away from, differentiation, articulateness, individuality, personality. He might have made this classification, but did not. Instead, he made a purely empirical one, such as men, Jews, and women implies, and, consequently, produced in part a mass of boyish misstatement. He left it, however, for any who could wear his mantle to utilise his genius and apply his thesis. Briefly, Weininger's theory could be stated in a sentence, though he never does so state it explicitly. According to Weininger, the Kingdom of Heaven is the Kingdom of Being, the realm of articulated personality. Hell is the annihilation of personality, and prostitution the effacing of differentiation, the basic element in all sin. Estimating Weininger's work in this light, we recognise him as a true seer. He has laid down a principle upon which mankind will work as long as mankind lasts. Every moral disease which casts its blight upon humanity to-day is to be understood and only to be remedied in light of it. It explains the irreparable sin of prostitutions of all kinds. It explains why our ears are boxed. Nature calls aloud that she has death in store for all who involve themselves in prostitutions. Yet, save for the Seer, Nature cries to deaf ears. Weininger, the poet, heard, and might have given to humanity a mighty gospel of deliverance. Unhappily, this youth, who saw so penetratingly the literally damned nature of all prostitution, was lured away by the popular acceptation of the term prostitute. He gave up to sex what was meant for mankind. In the world, he saw, there were two tendencies, the Down, the Up; the Death, the Life; the Moral, the Immoral;the Bound, the Free;the Pro-Pesonality-Tendency and the Anti-Personality-Tendency;and to all this dualism of principles, to all these unlimited sets of opposites, he postulated human analogues in Man and Woman, Male and Female—his M. and F. Let the Pro-Personality-Tendency be called male, says Weininger in effect, and let the Anti-Personality-Tendency be called female, and, this granted, he proceeds to pour forth his diatribe against women. In its general application he finds the theory quite supple, but when he becomes specific, awkward facts arise which necessitate modification. If a man be indicated who is obviously minus a personality, or who is a destroyer of personality, with the assurance of a man who knows he has hold of a right theory, and can afford to let himself go—Weininger says that man need not necessarily be man. Man, he says, if he be 62 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 inferior, is partly woman. In fact, every male is partly female, and is so in the ratio of his degradation. Politicians, he points out, and men of action —Napoleons—are of the prostitute type, and for this reason female sex prostitutes naturally foregather round them. Should, however, certain women show symptoms of being possessed of personality, Weininger accounts for them variously, but in the last resort by his M. and F. theory. A woman's personality-qualities are a pose, or a symptom of hysteria with tendencies towards male hypnotism;or they are illusory;or the female is partly male. He is at pains to point out, first, that no woman's achievement in philosophy or art is equal to that of a man of fifth-rate talent, and that even the women who have arrived thus far have been masculine in feature, graceless in form, aping men's clothing and manners, and have shown homo-sexual or bi-sexual tendencies. This may be so, but, if so, it would suggest that ultimately the female might achieve maleness, and the male might possibly degrade itself to femaleness. Weininger, however, explicitly denies this. The most degraded male he holds higher than the most highly developed female. This, according to Weininger's implied meaning of femaleness, is correct, but, being so, it renders his M. and F. theory meaningless and absurd. Let us merely indicate, therefore, what the theory is which seeks to explain sexual affinity upon a quantitative basis. The law, says Weininger, may be expressed as follows :— " If we take any individual regarded in the ordinary way as a male, and denote his real sexual constitution as M/x, so many parts really male, plus Wju, so many parts really female;if we also take w, any individual regarded in the ordinary way as a female, and denote her real sexual constitution as Ww, so many parts really female, plus Mw, so many parts really male;then if there be complete sexual affinity, the greatest possible sexual attraction between the two individuals, p and ^ " (1) M/x (the truly male part in the female ') + Mw (the truly male part in the female) will equal a constant quantity, M, the ideal male;and " (2) W/x + Wu (the ideal female parts in respectively the ' male ' and the ' female ') will equal a second constant quantity, W, the ideal female. . . . If, for instance, an individual be composed thus : (3/4 M fi and 1/4 W the best sexual complement of that individual will be another compound as follows :— ( 1/4 M a) and 3/4 W" Remembering, therefore, Weininger's definition of woman as "man's guilt," his "lower self," his " negation," it follows that, in sexual attraction, the loftier the man, the lower must he stoop for his complement. Thus, the most abandoned prostitute, by natural affinity, will attract the greatest saint;the more gifted a woman is, the more inferior a man will she choose. Hence, sexual attraction, according to this naive theory, represents Rightness of necessity seeking its Equal and Counterpart in Wrongness—a continual effort embodied in natural law, of Rightness seeking to annul itself by an equal alliance with Wrongness—an effort to establish the two on equal terms! In spite of Weininger's genius—perhaps because of it—one must hold such a theory beneath criticism. In like manner, again and again is this display of genius veined through with discrepancy, spurious evidence, and the sharp practice of malreasoning. The wonder of it is that, in spite of all, the self-illuminating quality of Truth in this human document rests undimmed, and will live to flash its light upon the untrodden highway of life. The perverse idiosyncrasies which bespeck its lustre will be lost sight of in a brighter radiance. Indeed, the book itself provides evidence that Weininger was already arriving at a truer orientation of his theory. In " Judaism," the last chapter save the epilogue, Weininger makes clear the process of reasoning by means of which he perpetrated his blunder in regard to women. This is what he says, speaking of " Judaism " : "I must make clear what I mean by Judaism;I mean neither a race, nor a people, nor a recognised creed. I think of it as a tendency of the mind, as a psychological constitution which is a possibility for all mankind, but which has become actual in the most conspicuous fashion among the Jews." There we have it—a " tendency of the mind," and it is a tendency of the mind—a " possibility for all mankind " to which Weininger in truth refers when he speaks of " femaleness." It is, indeed, just this " femaleness " that Weininger has traced as a recognisable characteristic of a race of men;that he means when he speaks of Judaism, and it is Judaism which is " femaleness," less and more, that he detects among men of all the races of the earth—particularly so among Englishmen. What is, then, this Judaism which is a special case of femaleism? Let us see. (Though Weininger specifically states that by Judaism he does not imply the characteristics of a people or race— "When I speak of the Jew I mean neither an individual nor the whole body, but mankind in general, in so far as it has a share in the platonic idea of Judaism"— he nevertheless speaks quite specifically of Jews when postulating the characteristics of Judaism.) "Jews and women are without extreme good and extreme evil, (so) they never show either genius or the depths of stupidity of which mankind is capable. The specific kind of intelligence for which Jews and women alike are notorious is simply due to the alertness of an exaggerated egoism .... due .... to the boundless capacity shown by both for pursuing any object with equal zeal, because they have no intrinsic standard of value—nothing in their souls by which to judge the worthiness of any particular object." " The god in man is the human soul, and the absolute Jew is devoid of a soul." " In the Jew and the woman, good and evil are not distinct from one another." "Jews do not live as free, selfgoverning individuals, choosing between virtue and vice in the Aryan fashion. They are a mere collection of similar individuals, each cast in the same mould, the whole, as it were, forming a continuous Plasmodium." "The Jew is not really anti-moral .... he is rather non-moral." " The true conception of the State is foreign to the Jew, because he, like the woman, is wanting in personality;his June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 63 failure to grasp the idea of true society is due to his lack of a free intelligible ego. Like women, Jews tend to adhere together, but they do not associate as free, independent individuals, mutually respecting each other's individuality. As there is no real dignity in women, so what is meant by the word gentleman does not exist among the Jews. The genuine Jew fails in the innate good breeding by which alone individuals honour their own individuality and respect that of others." " The congruity between Jews and women further reveals itself in the extreme adaptability of the Jews, in their great talent for journalism, the ' mobility ' of their minds, their lack of deeply rooted and original ideas, in fact, the mode in which, like women, because they are nothing in themselves, they can become everything. The Jew is an individual, not an individuality." ..." At this point the comparison between the Jew and the woman breaks down;the being nothing, and becoming all things differs in the two. The woman is material which impassively assumes any form impressed upon it. In the Jew there is a material aggressiveness;it is not because of the great impression that others make on him that he is receptive;he is no more subject to suggestion than the Aryan man, but he adapts himself to every circumstance and every race, becoming, like the parasite, a new creature in every different host, although remaining essentially the same. He assimilates himself to everything, and assimilates everything;he is not dominated by others, but submits himself to them. The Jew is gifted, the woman is not gifted, and the giftedness of the Jew reveals itself in many forms of activity, as, for instance, in jurisprudence;but these activities are always relative and never seated in the creative freedom of the will." . . . "Speaking of 'the fundamental difference between the Jew and the woman.' Neither believe in themselves;but the woman believes in others, in her husband, her lover, her children, or in love itself;she has a centre of gravity, although it is outside her own being." We find, therefore, that what Weininger is imputing to women is their lack of personality, which is soul. This is an imputation which can be met squarely. No one is likely to maintain that there are many women with very highly developed personalities. On the other hand, there are scarcely any men, reckoning " clever " men as well as " clever " women. " Clever " people, equally with " ordinary " people, are commonplace enough, and with the smallest effort of the mind their personalities can be merged one into another. We emphasise again that this applies equally to men as to women. There are very few people who stand out from the spiritual landscape, affirming something positive in their very existence, not to be ignored and to be taken into account in our philosophies as standing for a reality as positive as that of the solar system or the constitution of a liquid or a gas. The great majority, men and women alike, are, to use Weininger's words, " henids," vague, indeterminate, inter-related semi-personalities. They do not stand self-affirming, postulating their own nature, as would a developed personality. They have no revelation begotten in their inmost self. They make guesses at their own meaning, and rush hither and thither, seeking confirmation or refutation in the guesses of others. The status of men and women defined by personality has nothing to do with sex. Sex has certain characteristics peculiar to male and female, physically and psychically, but their presence or absence has nothing to do with the initial gift of Soul—a gift which, for men and women alike, varies in amount for reasons not yet comprehended. The gift is never wholly absent, and the possibility of personality-development is always present. For its development freewill is necessary, and, if personality is present in any large degree, it will insist upon the possession of free-will. The depressing feature of present-day conditions is that there is so little emphasis placed upon the necessity of securing conditions which will allow of free-will. The most hopeful sign is the widespread unrest among women and men alike, which, unless the vigour of the human spirit collapses before it has time to become articulate, will resolve itself into a demand for free conditions. Weininger himself has hopes that man will purge himself free of femaleness;that the Jew will save himself from Judaism;but for woman he has little hope. In man he finds the Godhead, and even from the Jews, saturated in femaleness, springs a Christ, who for Weininger expresses the very antithesis of Judaism. But for woman Weininger sees almost nothing. To conceive of her achieving personality is to give one's assent to the conception of a miracle he holds. Weininger surely states the difficulty weakly. For him, making, as he practically does, the term " femaleness " co-extensive with the term " women," to conceive of " women " achieving personality must have been a negation of all sense;the identification of the " Is " and " Is not ";the negation of all opposites. Femaleness for him represented the " tendency of mind " towards undifferentiate, towards negation of personality. However, then, could the downward tendency, by progressing, become the upward? How could the sin of the world become ultimately its good? How could femaleness become personality? We venture to say that to conceive of such is not only assenting to a miracle;it is an absurdity, and to state it as a possibility is to play tricks with language. "Femaleness," as Weininger defined it, is the Thing to be Destroyed. It is the Great Denial —the thing to be overcome. But this " femaleness " has no special kinship with the females of the human species. It represents the sin of the world, and confounds the sons of the world equally with the daughters. It is the Foe of Life whom men and women alike have to meet and have to overcome, or perish. HEAVEN. O, childhood of the soul ! O, fragrant days ! O, Magian bird that sang in summer's haze, When all the fields of mind grew wild and sweet;Not overlaid and fouled by slummy street. Be of good cheer, O heart ! These ills shall pass, The bricks in ruin crumble, the eternal grass Cover each fallen stone, each mortar skull;And sin's manure shall make the blooms more beautiful —E. H. VISIAK. 64 THE FREE WOMAN June 13, 1912 TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Wisdom While You Wait. IF men and women could fix firmly in their minds two (only two!) tendencies observable in the universe of persons and things, they would find that the map marked with life-problems would rapidly become illumined with intelligibility. Armed with an understanding of these two tendencies, empiricists, flounderers, reformers, clever patterers, utopists, and the like would probably be amazed to find themselves becoming wise men. They would possess the sense of direction which is wisdom. The first tendency relates absolutely to dead matter;the second absolutely to human beings. Because, however, these tendencies are tendencies and not mathematical laws, there is an area wherein the two merge one into the other, and wherein exists to superficial observation a kind of neutral zone. Observed more closely, however, it becomes clear that tendency even here persists, though more feebly, and consequently more difficult to trace. In plant-life, for instance, there is the free tendency, but it is feeble, as it is, indeed, even among some domesticated animals. It is, however, developed strongly enough in certain forms of sub-human life, sufficiently so, indeed, to make one feel a cad standing in front of a wild animal's cage in a zoo, or to listen to a linnet singing in a cage. The first tendency is that which is absolute in relation to dead matter. It is that which seeks to impress itself upon the material used without any consideration that the thing used might have desires of its own regarding the uses to which it shall be put. The ideal of this tendency would be to strengthen itself so that all matter to which it is applicable should be rendered wholly subservient to the will external to itself which seeks to control it. Ideally, the forces represented in the sea, the tides, rivers, waterfalls, mines, the clouds, the sun, should be so overborne, so bound under the will of necessity, that, by pressing a button, for instance, that is, by an action practically simultaneous with the birth of the conception of the use to which the human will seeks to put them, they will be wholly available for service. Utter complete subjection is the ideal goal of this tendency. The second tendency represents exactly the opposite;it is the tendency towards the utter repudiation of compulsion;of the absolute exercise of free-will. While the culmination of the first is represented in the button, or whatever other instrument is used to set the subjective force into operation, so the culmination of the second tendency is found in the Godhead, the Christs, the great human Anarchists who have repudiated subjection. On the reality of these two tendencies morality is founded—all fundamental Rightness and Wrongness. Hence it is folly to speak of Morality being made for Man, or of Man being made for Morality. To state that man is moral is to state the great, if simple, truth that man represents the tendency towards ultimate free-will—the antithesis of compulsion. Let us apply the second tendency to some of the life-problems, the solution of which are most commonly in our thoughts. First, we will take the case put forward by Dr. Wrench in a recent article in THE Freewoman. However charming the Yoshiwara and its occupants may be, its perpetuation as an institution is immoral for this reason : the men who make use of its occupants are applying our first tendency to material which admits only of the second. They are using humanlife as though it were dead matter. Were the Yoshiwara's wares devoid of life, the traffic would be merely an affair of individual desire; being what they are, i.e., life, the traffic is damned. From the " prostitute's " point of view, let it be granted for a moment that her occupation is an economic necessity. In this case her position will be one of immoral compulsion, but this condition has already been preceded by an antecedent immoral compulsion which deprived her of her free-will. She is therefore bound up in a mesh of immoralities. Her case is, therefore, also damned. Let us suppose, however, that she is what we are told some men are, i.e., subject to abnormal sexual appetite. This, of course, removes all element of barter from the matter. What she practises, while it may not be health, is certainly not prostitution, and she is not a prostitute. She is merely the female counterpart of what a great many men are, i.e., sexually abnormal. If the immoral factor, that of economic compulsion, be removed, this class of women would naturally seek and find their corresponding class of men. The resultant situation might not be healthy, but it would not be immoral. Anything more than this said on the subject of prostitution is a waste of words, which explains the futility of the White Slave Traffic Amendment Bill. As long as there are wares to sell there will be traffickers, who will always be able to evade the utmost ingenuity of those who seek to suppress them. Remove the economic pressure pressing upon women and then leave the whole business to itself. Now let us consider the " labour unrest," and the nominal cause of certain recent strikes. The analogy of the condition of working men with that of prostitutes is very far-reaching. Both are compelled, by their lack of anything to exchange in the way of products, to offer their bodies for sale. Both are practically worn out in the business and get next to nothing in return. Both are compelled to submit to an external power, in which submission their native will is regarded as non-existent. Both are treated as things, machines, and objects. Their whole tendency is ignored and frustrated. They are deprived of free-will. In time the realisation will reach the people, men and women, and the moment it does, revolution will be at hand. At present, among men as among women, thought is confused;they feel aright;often act aright;but their explanations are as often as not poles removed from their essential motives. For instance, being coerced, the workers nominally set about coercing their fellows;their " employers " coerce them;therefore they will coerce their fellows to join their unions, willy-nilly. Various journals who should know better have supported the action of striking because of the persistent employment of non-union men, and have advanced a false analogy with professional men, doctors, for instance. The analogy is false, because, though doctors refuse to recognise a "non-union" doctor, they do not " strike." They merely " cut " him. So, though for us men on strike can never be in the wrong, we profoundly wish that they would find their best reasons for striking. For they will find foes deadly enough in the naturally immoral, and they should not alienate by their mere words those who support morality when they can see it. Owing to the great kindness of G. C. Beresford, Esq., we are enabled to publish this week's supplement. We expect from time to time to publish other photographic supplements, and we hope that readers will find an added interest in sending the supplemented copies to friends who are not already subscribers to THE FREEWOMAN. June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 65 The Judges and Hereditary Ability. WHATEVER may be the legal opinion concerning the need for the appointment of two new judges in place of the late Sir William Grantham and the retiring Sir John Lawrance, the lay members of Parliament should combine against this threatened attempt to fasten upon the British revenues a perpetual charge of £10,000 a year. There is no justification for this expenditure in the present state of the lists. Cases are always standing over nowadays because the parties are not ready for trial. For instance, a commercial case in which the writ was issued on January 30th was tried on February 14th. The rapidity with which cases are reached in both the Chancery and the King's Bench Division is embarrassing to suitors, as the preparation of cases for trial requires a good deal of time. Should it be found impossible to fight the lawyers in the House of Commons with permanent success, a strong effort should be made to attach conditions to these appointments. The judges should be compelled, in certain events, to pay a portion of the costs thrown away by their blunders at the trial of civil actions, and wrongly convicted prisoners should be compensated. An examination of the causes of bankruptcy would show the public what a litigant has to risk who is seeking justice in the English Law Courts. The case of Cope v. Sharp is an instance of the uncertainty of justice. That was a claim for 10s. It has been tried three times in the County Court, twice in the Divisional Court, once in the Appeal Court, and leave has been given to appeal to the House of Lords—which tribunal might conceivably order a new trial ! The utter irresponsibility of the judges was recently demonsrated by that amazing judge, Sir Edward Ridley. The special jury fees were not ready in a case, owing to its coming to an unexpected conclusion;whereupon Sir Edward Ridley ordered a solicitor's clerk, who could not have been made responsible for payment under any circumstances, to remain sitting in a public court in charge of a tipstaff, until his principal, or his client, arrived with the missing fees. Mr. Justice Ridley has added a new terror to the lives of solicitors' clerks, and has afforded another example of the complete irresponsibility of his Majesty's judges. There should be a Standing Committee of the House of Commons, or the Privy Council, consisting of half lay and half legal members, who should be deputed to deal with complaints of litigants against the judges and members of the Bar. The Bar Council is a preposterous sham from the public point of view. Solicitors should be given the right of audience in the High Courts as in the County Courts. The English legal system is an ingenious device for multiplying expense, and compelling any person who is desirous of having his wrongs righted to pay heavily for the privilege. Why solicitors should not be allowed to present cases in the Divorce Court, it is impossible to understand, except on the hypothesis that the administration of justice is the rightful monopoly of the Bar. It is curious to remember that no man can practise at the Bar without being called in one of the Inns, that no solicitor can carry on business without being a member of the Incorporated Law Society, and that no man can go and deal on the Stock Exchange without being a member of the Exchange. Yet who denounces the tyranny of Trade Unions more strongly than the barrister, the solicitor, and the stockbroker? What hypocrites some professional men are ! Grave evils flow from this legal monopoly. Nepotism and jobbery are rife in the Law Courts. Biological writers who are always debating on the problem of the inheritance of qualities by children from their parents could never have consulted the judges. In the Law Courts, what the biologists regard as a questionable theory is accepted as an everyday axiom. One should be clear in one's criticism on this point. A man of worth, who has won his way to high judicial position, carrying with it a lucrative patronage, should not be prevented from appointing his sons or relatives to the offices in his gift. To urge the contrary would be to handicap a son because of the status of his father. On the other hand, the public interest must be protected. Sons should be called upon to undergo the routine of work which their fathers had pursued in their youth. Then, independent persons would have some chance of weighing their qualifications. The fathers would be able to check their natural bias by the judgment of more unprejudiced minds. Should the sons or nephews not have been successful, no judge ought to push his progeny into highly paid posts, where their incompetence may do incalculable injury. Many occupants of minor legal posts have important duties cast upon them. A decision in the County Court, in the Police Court, or in the Bankruptcy Court may ruin a man just as well as a decision in the High Court. All rightminded men would censure a person, however eminent, who appointed an incompetent relative to such a post. The comparative secrecy which has shrouded the inner working of the Law Courts from the public eye has also hidden the proportions attained by this nepotism. There are many individuals holding well-paid and responsible posts in the Law Courts whose sole qualification for such posts laid in their possessing BLOUSES Two distinct styles in Blouses are now in great demand — Robespierre Blouses —with low necks and double cascade frills, of which we have an infinite variety in stock, at prices ranging from 12 9 to 5 Gns.; Basque Blouses—with short basques below the waist. Basque Blouse, in fine white Voile, hand embroidered, and trimmed narrow headings, with Charles 1st collar, and basque for wearing outside skirt, finished narrow black velvet band. Price 21/9 Debenham  Freebody Wigmore Street London w Famous for over a Century lor Taste for Quality for Value 66 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 a relative on the Bench, or being able to exercise influence through the Bench. On the law of averages, it is not surprising that a few of these gentlemen have acquitted themselves of their duties with reasonable competence;but, in the majority of cases, litigants have learnt how true it is that, though jobbery may provide for the relatives of the judges, it does not guarantee their efficiency. The public are the unhappy sufferers. Just imagine this scene in an assize court! A judge solemnly lecturing, and sentencing, a prisoner for corruption, theft, or embezzlement, and then, on the rising of the court, signing a document giving to his son or nephew, whom he suspects to be incompetent, otherwise it would not be so urgent to provide for him, £1,000 a year of public money. Is not such a judge corrupting the administration of justice by defrauding the public? His duty is to put the best man in the vacancy. It is too strange a coincidence that the best man should so often be a relative. In days gone by, there were several families who lived in this way at the public expense. It is the worst kind of pauperism. There were the Bovills, the Coleridges, the Pollocks, the Mellors, and the Giffards. At one time, it was said that each assize town could provide a whist party of appointees consisting of representatives from these families. Time, the healer, has removed many of the constituents of these merry quartets; but a few still remain. An investigation by a lay committee of the House of Commons into the constitution and emoluments of the personnel of the present Law Courts staff, with their family relationships, would reveal some astonishing facts. There is Mr. Lawrance, son of Mr. Justice Lawrance, who has just been appointed deputy-registrar in the Crown Office. Mr. Channell, son of Mr. Justice Channell, is the fortunate holder of the post of clerk of assize on the Western circuit, while Mr. Grantham, son of the late Mr." Justice Grantham, has a similar post on the Oxford circuit. Mr. Arthur Denman, son of the late Mr. Justice Denman, is the clerk of assize on the South-Eastern circuit, while another Mr. Denman is a police magistrate. Mr. Arthur Duke Coleridge, the Hon. Gilbert Coleridge, Mr. Justice Coleridge, and Master Lawford (brother of the second Lady Coleridge) are all relatives of the late Lord Chief Justice Coleridge, who are lucky holders of well-paid legal posts. Judge Gwynne James, Judge Lindley, Judge Harington, and Judge Woodfall are respectively related to the late Lord James, Lord Lindley, Sir Richard Harington, and Lord Halsbury. Mr. Registrar Giffard is a brother of Lord Halsbury. Mr. Muir Mackenzie, official referee, and Mr. R. Muir Mackenzie, deputy sergeant-at-arms, are relatives of Sir Kenneth Muir Mackenzie, Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor. Sir Edward Ridley is a brother of Lord Ridley, who was Home Secretary. Master J. Chitty is a relative of the late Lord Justice Chitty. Master Watkin Williams is a son of the late Mr. Justice Watkin Williams. Mr. Edward Pollock, official referee, a courteous and able man, is a survivor of the Pollocks, and was related to the late Baron Pollock. Master Romer is a brother of the retired Lord Justice Romer. Master Day is a son of the late Mr. Justice Day. In the list of puisne judges at Calcutta one finds the names of the Hon. Richard Harington, C. W. Chitty, and Cecil Brett (a relative of the late Lord Esher). And so, did space permit, could the story be continued. In face of these facts, is it not time that the House of Commons began to move upon the question of the administration of justice? The " spotless purity " of the English legal system is, under present conditions, a rather dirty white. There is no greater provocation to social discontent than a biassed, incompetent, or class administration of justice. That is a lesson apparent on the pages of history, and those who govern England would be well advised to be warned in time. C. H. Norman. Problem Plays and Novels. ABOUT half our modern plays, and a still larger proportion of our modern novels, involve what are styled Problems. As a rule, the question may be baldly stated thus: Is adultery right or wrong? And the ready answer seems to be " No, it is not right to break a vow." But the subject deserves a closer examination. I knew the prior of a monastery who, when young, took the vows of poverty, obedience, and chastity. On reaching maturity he came to the conclusion that he had acted precipitately, and even sinfully. But this in itself did not seem to justify the violation of his oath. Among other duties, he was bound, in obedience, to teach that which he now knew, or believed, to be false. No man has control over his beliefs, but he has the power, if he chooses to exercise it, of teaching and preaching what to him is untrue;and he is bound by his promise to do this. If he does it, he is a liar;and if he refuses or neglects to do it, he is a liar. And the problem resolves itself into the question, Which kind of liar is it better to be? The prior had solemnly promised to believe and to teach certain doctrines. Nature had broken the first part of the promise;he could no longer believe. But he could keep the other part;that is to say, he could continue to preach the doctrines, and so live a lie to the end of his days. Here, then, was a real problem which the prior was compelled to solve. Does this throw any light on the marriage vow? We may take the language of the Church Service, because it embodies the intention of the contract in all civilised countries. The stipulation briefly is this : " Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife? Wilt thou love her, and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?" "I will." And the woman makes a like stipulation. Could anything be clearer? Here, again, the vow consists of two parts. The promise of life-long love may be, and often is, impossible of fulfilment. Nature frequently breaks this part of the vow, even against the will of the promiser, who obviously has no control over his affections;but the promise of life-long fidelity can be kept. Either party to the contract can, if willing, remain monogamically faithful to the other during their joint lives. It may be at once admitted that the man or woman who violates this compact without the knowledge of the other party is, of course, a contemptible liar. There remains the further question: Is the " single life " a wholesome or even a moral one? The Church Service (which we need not follow too closely) admits that matrimony was " ordained," among other reasons, in order " that such persons as have not the 'gift' of continency might marry and keep themselves undefiled." The implication is that such persons cannot lead the " single life " and remain undefiled. This may or may not be so, but there are other evil results, in which innocent third persons may be involved. So that here, again, we are in the presence of a problem. Which of two wrongs is to be preferred? In both cases—that of the religious vow and that of the marriage vow—the evil began at the source;the poison was planted with the seed. The vow THE FREEWOMAN 67 should never have been made. Having made the vow, the promiser must now do wrong! But which wrong? Just as the prior (I am glad to say) denounced his original vow rather than live a lie for the rest of his life, so the husband or wife (as the case may be) can, and often should, denounce the marriage vow, and disclaim the resulting rights and obligations. Nothing can be more despicable than a life of deceit and surreptitious infidelity. The languishing stage-heroine who persuades herself and her audience that she is somehow justified in cheating her husband is a shameless strumpet, with whom, whatever her sufferings, there should be no sympathy; and the husband who acts in like manner should be, and is, shunned by all who are not themselves destitute of honour. It is not here that any difficulty arises. The real problem is a different one. Let us recall the unhappy plight of honest Rudeger, torn between his oath of fealty to Kriemhild and his oath of friendship " evermore " with the Nibelungs. " Hast thou forgotten, good knight, the oath that thou swarest to me with thy hand;how that thou wouldest serve me till my life's end, or till thine? " " It is true, noble lady, that I promised to risk for thee honour and life, but not mine own soul." " Remember, Rudeger, thy faith and thine oath." " Woe is me that ever I saw this hour, for God hath forsaken me. All my duty to heaven, all mine honour, my good faith, and my knightliness I must forego. Whether I do this thing or do it not, I sin. Let Him that made me guide me." Truly a fearful dilemma, with a fearful sequel! Such problems lie all around us through life, to be faced and solved—not shirked. When a vow has been made which ought not to have been made;when Nature has paralysed it, in whole or in part;when the folly of it has become manifest to the promiser, then is the time to denounce it, and to disclaim the resulting rights and obligations. Only the coward and the cur (male or female) will prefer to sneak through life veiled and muffled, afraid of shadows, mysterious, mendacious, and false throughout. Yet these are the creatures for whom our sympathy is sought by the writers of problem plays and problem novels. Could they but summon up the courage to speak out, many of these skulkers would be surprised to discover how readily they would be met, more than halfway, by the other victim of the contract;and how far pleasanter it is to walk in the open air of truth than to slink along the dingy corridors of dishonour. The moral of all social problems is that the initial oath is wrong. The marriage vow, in its present form, is wrong, and must be utterly discarded. No promises should be made which circumstances may render unredeemable. You have no moral right to promise to believe to-morrow what you believe to-day. The schoolboy who vows to like toffy better than tobacco at the age of thirty ought to be caned. The woman who vows to love through life a man who is continually changing, physically, intellectually, and morally, is a fool. And mutatis mutandis. All who register such vows must face the chance of having some day to lament with bitterness, " Whether I do this thing or do it not, I sin." When that day arrives, the problem is not how to avoid doing wrong, for this is clearly impossible, but how to choose the lesser evil;and the best solution appears to be: Confess and denounce the initial error;endeavour to atone for it;and, for the future, tread the path of honour, guided by the lamp of truth. Disruption of the home is seldom (though sometimes) needful. Old memories and parental affection may, and, as a rule, should, preclude so drastic a course. Nor is it necessary to take the world into confidence. The matter concerns one man and one woman, between whom there should be complete understanding and trust. The trashy novels and morbid plays which glaze over the original guilt of perpetual vows are greatly responsible for the unhealthy state of the law and of public morals, whereby all the abominations and vulgarities of " society "—the marriage market, the divorce court, and the stew—are gilded and condoned. " Never prophesy unless you know " is a warning which applies as well to future states of the mind as to future states of the weather. The prophet is not justified by accidental success. The gipsy who tells the kitchen slut that a dark, rich gentleman is coming over the sea to marry her may be saying that which eventually turns out to be correct, but she is doing wrong for all that. So, happy marriages do not prove the virtue of vows. Wordsworth Donisthorpe. The Function of Passion. AT one time it was possible to define England as the country in which the Sermon on the Mount could be safely preached every Sunday, because no Englishman ever did anything rash. For the same reason, freedom of speech once flourished here, for the English were in the habit of regarding mental speculation as a sort of parlour game, in which they always obeyed the one great English commandment, " Thou shalt not say anything improper." And, since the Englishman's sense of propriety was as delicate as a Frenchman's taste for intrigue, all went well. When they said anything drastic they never thought of putting it into practice, and they never allowed speculation to deal with the vital springs of life. There is no English Amiel's Journal;there has as yet been no variant in our language of Marie Bashkirtseff's outpouring. The great Victorian creative writers were mainly remarkable, not for what they said, but for what they left unsaid. Nor was this fact due to mere natural want of candour. It sprang from the English method of getting through life by having a few rough and ready conclusions about how to do things, and of then applying them with immense energy, without worrying at all about the mislaid key to the mystery of existence. Rough and ready action;that was the English line, systems of drainage, solid houses, well-tilled fields, comforts. Every comfort, in fact, except the one which, for the intelligent person, is indispensable—an intelligible way of accounting for the way we have come and the way we seem to be going. Never would an Englishman or an American, like a certain Russian, commit suicide because he could not find a philosophy which satisfied him. As a result of this national habit, the Englishman, and still more the Englishwoman, has always avoided the problem of passion, "that summoning together of the vital forces " which is responsible for whatever achievement of the spirit the human race has accomplished. Passion is, in fact, too near the quick of things for our racial genius to have acknowledged it—in words;matters at the quick of things are "improper." And, indeed, for this attitude there is some justification. Long ago, in ages past, there were certain words which might only be uttered by the masters of destiny. And such to all who can think is this word passion. It is a great word, since it stands for the mightiest agent we know of, and it should never be uttered but by the masters of destiny. It is only because, as the 68 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 horizons widen, free men and women are beginning to recognise themselves as none other than the masters of destiny that we may venture to use it. But, alas ! in practice the prohibition has worked out far otherwise. The English conscientious objection to candour has led to the dragging down of the word, and with it the idea, for those who hate and fear a god will often defile the vessels of his altar. In the temple of life passion is the Holy Grail, but our debased language uses it as a synonym for lust, just as, in fact, it sometimes uses the phrase " free love " to mean love that is bought, for, although the religion of comfort is a pleasant enough thing, it can only exist by ignoring or belittling the very stuff of life. Now, the stuff of life, reduced to its simplest terms, is strife, constant, unending strife, upward tending, but often beaten back. The whole history of consciousness on this planet seems to be the story of how a spirit-force, which, for want of a better name, we call the lifeforce, has contended age by age with matter. The first great milestone the spirit passed was self-consciousness;the next is other-consciousness, which some few have already passed, and many are now in process of passing. And the one power by which this force seems to have worked is passion, the thing whose first motion awakes, arouses, stings, and goads. No wonder the comfortable try to ignore it, and, when it seizes them, blaspheme, for the kingdom of passion cometh by violence;it seizes men, making them aware of hidden depths within themselves, of extraordinary lapses in the general scheme of wellbeing. They know now that the religion of comfort has not spread to the back regions—to the slums, brothels, slaughter-houses, prisons, and execution places. That is why these places are all packed away, why everyone runs about with little palliatives, now giving prisoners mattresses, now advising the humane killer for sheep, now dispensing disinfectants in the slums, letting Salvation Army lasses loose in Piccadilly, and pushing the chaplain at a condemned prisoner. It is all very much like trying to irrigate the Sahara with a watering-pot. The person who entirely immerses himself in this sort of futility is living among shadows. He will think that prostitution is made more " dignified " by exquisite brothels, just as some suppose that mutton-eating is made more graceful by the practice of using cutlet frills, whereas, of course, these decorations are, to the dealer in them, mere business propositions. Such things are the hypocrisies which defeat life, one of whose first laws is that ugly things should look ugly. In pursuance of this law, let us execute in public;let us join the slums to our public parks;let us put our houses of ill-fame next door to the chiffon shops of Regent Street, making them establishments that every woman can recognise;let us, finally, put up bars, and through them stare at our prisoners. We cannot then forget. By such means should we awake, in ever greater and greater onflow, the passion that has already driven a small handful of women and men to fling themselves against the tyranny of matter in the cause of those weak ones who are now placidly sacrificed to its lusts. Nor does this mean a mere reaching down of the hand of pity, since passion, being identification in the first instance, does not work that way. If prostitution, for instance, is a proved necessity, it behoves our noblest women to serve their time in a Yoshiwara, and not to leave the curse to be borne by the most weak and helpless of their sex. This brings one to the centre of the subject, to the way in which passion works. To understand, one must go back to passion in its simplest form, to the force as it appears in the simple human relationship, mainly between man and woman. The essence of it there, as elsewhere, is the breaking down of barriers, particularly the barriers of the spirit, the fusing of two natures into one, as in the fire of a furnace. In this the physical union is, at best, but a symbol of the spiritual fusing;at its worst a subterfuge, a miserable substitute. Probably, in all cases, it means a deadening of the fire, a throwing of ash on the clear white flame. For the essential of passion is that it is a spiritual effort against matter, upwards out of matter. By the body, then, the spirit is pulled back once more, dragged down into the matter against which it revolted. The deathless lovers are those who, like Paolo and Francesca are hurled from the world of matter into the regions beyond. That is why, seeing but the declension, men ignore the upward spring which, although for a very short period maybe, has at least practised the soul in its way up the ladder of existence. Always accompanied, as it is, with extraordinary vividness of the inner life, passion is for most people in this form the one glimpse they get of what life may be on divine levels. But passion in this form is something more;it is the first step towards the great human interfusion of the far, far future. As the lover turns to the beloved, as the two are identified, are for a time one, so, in the distant stages which we are now faintly beginning to glimpse, the unit of the race will be the whole race itself, made one, no longer existing as wandering and separate entities. The tearing down of the barriers between one and one is but a foretaste of the tearing down of the barriers between all human souls, the great bridal of passion, the marriage of humanity. And if this seem a mad dream, considering the instinctive hatred we all feel for certain elements of human character as they appear in others, it should be remembered that it is passion alone which burns everything for the lover to a white heat of purity. There can to the lover be nothing common or unclean in the nature of the beloved. So it has already been with the great lovers of humanity, the Christ, the Buddha. The little Brother of Assisi kissing the leper is but an apologue of an inner truth. Passion is love raised to genius by fire;passion is transfusion, not sympathy. And this is the only excuse for sex: the divine excuse. And truly it needs a divine excuse, for if there be one thing more than another which has brought misery on humanity, it is sex. Nine-tenths of the suffering of life would be gone were sex gone. On the other hand, so, of course, would the triumphs. Nor would there apparently be any chance of the great consummation of which we have spoken. Even now the moments when life reaches ecstasy are given by passion : first and most simply, by the passion of lovers;next, by the great waves of the spirit, in which men are summoned together by some great impetus born from within, some ultimate wave of the sea of life. It was passion which made Josephine Butler like a human magnet;it is passion now which will carry women, and with them the race, to a level of freedom without which life itself must sink into stagnation. Such things as these break down the barriers wholesale;and in quieter ways, when the artist leaps the barrier between himself and his subject, it is by passion that he works, for it is only by the measure in which he identifies himself with another life that one can estimate the force he will exercise on those who follow his work. By fusion he, too, is judged. Yet only part of the activities of existence is covered by this force and inspired by it, only the June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 69 sexual, the artistic, the movements by which new ideals are born. Outside, for instance, is the commercial, the scientific, the military;and yet a man may live, fired but by the one desire, to amass wealth;may shut himself from his kind, in order, like Wilbur Wright, to solve the problem of aerial navigation; may be a devastating spirit of war. Nietsche's superman was, of course, a prodigiously magnified Napoleon. At first sight, in the common acceptation of the term, there seems more of passion in these lives than in those of lover, or artist, or dreamer. Yet there is no breaking down of the barriers of the spirit in any of these. Already Napoleon's campaigns are matters of antiquarian interest, but the spirits of Christ and Buddha are far more alive to-day than they were when incarnated in earthly bodies, even though the process of throwing ecclesiastical ashes has been continuing for centuries. Commerce, war, even science, are but phases through which we have to pass. Passion works for a long flight far beyond the horizons of to-day, even to a time when the perpetual boring of the human brain into matter shall be no more needed, when the secret of the atom and the secret of the air shall be known—and passed. This is a merely personal reading of the riddle of life;very open, of course, it is to the scoffer. To the Puritan it will be anathema, to the followers of the many creeds of the East, perhaps but blasphemy, although, in one sense, it seems to underlie all the creeds. Yet to one person, at least, and probably to many more, it is enough to supply the courage with which one—goes on. And, fundamentally, that is all anyone has ever asked of a religion. M. P. WILLCOCKS. With apologies to the author of "Interpretations of Sex" for many repetitions, and with much gratitude for an intensely suggestive series. Rubens. IT happens that the change in the sub-title of The freewoman coincides with a loan exhibition of several pictures by Rubens at the Dowdeswell Galleries. The coincidence is happy, for Rubens is one of those men whose culture is so wide and whose abilities are so all-embracing that they are obviously entitled to be called humanists. It is true that we associate him mostly with painting, and in this branch of art he astonishes us, naturally enough, by his marvellous productivity, the grandeur of his conceptions, the vastness of his designs, his splendid technique, his force, his verve, his originality. Two ordinary artists might well be excused for not being able to turn out Rubens's work in the same period of time, for his canvases followed one another with a rapidity that became almost bewildering. We are, indeed, bewildered even now when we try to trace him through successive galleries in the New World and in the Old. We find works by him in Madrid, Philadelphia, London, St. Petersburg, Vienna, Rome, Paris, Berlin, Munich, Antwerp, and innumerable other cities, and they are all distinguished by his supreme qualities, Rubens was, indeed, a Cultured man on the grand scale His powers, mental and physical, were infinitely above the average. We regard it as a marvellous feat, and justifiably so, that a man should have been able to turn out masterpieces by the score;but his work did not end here. Experts in other departments have spoken of his influence on sculpture and engraving. One etching, a magnificent St. Catherine, we know to be his without a doubt, and it proves him to have been equally skilful with the needle and the brush. Even here, however, he did not end. He inspired artists, sculptors, engravers, poets. He was a lover of culture in all its forms, as every real artist, as every really cultured man, ought to be. In literary matters his taste was discriminating, and with some reason, for he knew Latin, English, Dutch, French, German, Spanish, and Italian, and he read all the great masterpieces in the original. His travels were extensive, and he combined his pursuit of art with the pursuit of diplomacy, if one may use such an expression. In 1605, when he was only twentyeight, the Duke of Mantua sent him on a mission to Philip III. of Spain. When in Madrid he painted pictures which still hang in the Prado. Later on, in 1628 and 1630, he was again sent to Spain, and also to England, on diplomatic missions. In England he met Charles I., who knighted him. Despite his political tasks, however, which he seems invariably to have carried out very satisfactorily, his painting proceeded, and both in Spain and in England he turned out canvases with his customary rapidity. I have said that Rubens's work is widely scattered. There are pictures by him in Sweden as well as in the United States;and this fact may be used as an analogy to show the artistic field he covered. His range was exhausted and terminated only by his death in 1640. He has painted saints and sinners, landscapes and animals, scenes of war and scenes of peace. We must bestow the same high praise upon his portrait of Corneille de Lantschott (Allard Collection, Brussels) as upon the Perseus and Andromeda (St. Petersburg);upon his "Summer," now at Windsor, as upon his Anne of Austria, in the Louvre. And what a magnificent battle scene that is in the Berlin Museum, the capture of Tunis by the Emperor Charles V. ! How ADOLPHE LADIES' TAILOR SPECIAL SALE of PARIS made BLOUSES at greatly reduced prices from 15/to 60/TAILOR SUITS made to order as sketch 6 Guineas A L'Ideal Cie 15 Sloane St., S.W. Victoria 2024 70 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 aristocratic and arbitrary, too, is Rubens;how little attention he pays to the minor details upon which so much attention would now be laid by the modern art critic ! In his representations of the abduction of the Sabine women, and the reconciliation of the Sabines with the Romans, the women wear costumes which assuredly bear more resemblance to those of the fifteenth century A.D. than to those of the fifth or sixth B.c. And what does it matter? It is poor criticism that would fain grumble because an artist puts a stripe too many on a tunic or omits a button from a coat. And Rubens would have been poor indeed in artistic craft if his skill depended merely on details of dress—except, of course, in those pictures where he deliberately emphasises the costumes for the sake of the effect, as in many of the portraits. Look at his classical pictures and see what men and women he painted. There are several at the Dowdeswell Galleries—Achilles dipped in the Styx by Thetis;the Marriage of Peleus and Thetis;the Death of Hector;the Death of Achilles. They are real Greeks, inspired with all the energy of the artist, men and women who can lead full lives without thinking of the virtues of asceticism, the desirability of law and order, or the Nonconformist conscience. His very saints have something of the devil about them;and when we look at his Martyrdom of Saint This and Saint That we often feel our sympathies going out to the jolly dogs who are frying the man on the big gridiron or roping him to the end of a chariot. It is all good fun for somebody; it is all in the game of life. Most of the Christian martyrs were a poor lot, anyway. It was right that they should have been sent to the next world as quickly as possible;and if the painful process of annihilating them provided amusement for other people—well, then, so much the better. Yes, even a martyrdom by Rubens is better than a classical subject by a pre-Renaissance Italian painter, for Rubens, at his worst, inspires and exalts us, and the other man, at his best, depresses us. Messrs. Dowdeswell catalogue seventeen works by Rubens. Perhaps the best known among them, and certainly one of the best things he ever did, is the " Rubens and his Family," showing the painter himself, his second wife, the beautiful Hélène Fourment, with her baby, and his son by his first wife, Isabella Brandt. I have already referred to one or two of the classical subjects lent for this exhibit, but they do not exhaust the list. The " Adoration of the Magi," lent, I observe, by Earl Spencer, is well worth going to see, even if there were no other picture in the room, and there is a representative landscape, " The Timber Waggon," which has been lent by the Earl of Northbrook. Another typical Rubens is " Nature Adorned by the Graces," Nature being represented in the form of a goddess, with four breasts, though "Peace and Abundance " is hardly a typical masterpiece. We have also, however, "The Holy Family," though there is some doubt about the authenticity of this canvas. A score of pictures may not give us much of an idea of a painter whose canvases are numbered by the hundred, but the collection, so far as it goes, is representative. Some of the artist's best work, of course, can never be seen in England. The Prado, I fancy, could not be induced to part with the " Heraklitus " and the Democritus," which are two brilliant specimens of Rubens's work;but even an approximately complete enumeration of what is good in Rubens would become tiring. Messrs. Dowdeswell also exhibit twenty-one paintings by Mr. J. Hemming Fry. Taken by themselves, they are by no means bad art, but they suffer somewhat by comparison with the Rubens beside them. " An Idyl of the Grand Canyon " is quite good, and so is " The Rhinegold." The " Ceres " and " Sappho " are also worthy of praise, and perhaps the best of all is " Undine," the bestdrawn woman, I think, that Mr. Fry has done. No Jew, I fear, ever looked so sentimental as the one Mr. Fry has given us in " The Young David," and the Traeumerei" is rather lifeless. On the whole, however, a collection worth seeing. E. K. Guthrie. Interpretations of Life. (Being a paper read before The Freewoman Discussion Circle on Wednesday, May 22nd.) LAST week I attempted to explain a theory of duality and unity, and I tried to show how this theory could be applied to sex, economics, and to Art; this week I intend to apply the theory to contemporary life. First, then, we see the absurdity of those philosophers who speak of the superiority of mind over matter, or vice versa; the absurdity of those theologians who tell us of the wickedness of the body and the greatness of the soul, who preach that we must torture and deny the body for the sake of the soul, who tell us that the spiritual person is greater than the intellectual person, that the intellect must disappear before the growth of the spirit. Now the ideal person, the perfect person, is he whose body and soul are in absolute harmony, is he who is a perfect entity, pulsating in rhythmic harmony. In fact, ill health, either mental or physical, is but the manifestation of internal discord. And now, I must make quite clear, if I can, what I mean by the words soul and body. As I have already said, soul and body, or inspiration and body, as I am now going to call them, are analogous to mind and matter in philosophy, to subjective and objective in Art, to God and man in religion, and in the widest sense of all to the unseen and the seen. That is to say, by inspiration I mean that part of us over which we have no control, that part of us which creates our inmost desires and inspirations, desires which, in some cases, lead to a Buddha or a Wainwright, to a Tolstoi or a Napoleon. By body I mean the entire mechanism, including the intellect, which utilises these inspirations. Let me trace a complete process, or psycogeny, as the psychologists call it. A man one day sees a nice house, which somewhat attracts his attention. At first, almost unconsciously, his mind persists in thinking about houses, particularly this house. At last a distinct desire forms itself. It is to have a house like it. At first he thrusts the thought away from him as being absurd, but it persists and grows, until at last he begins to consider it seriously. He weighs the " pros " and " cons." He considers his income : would it be wise to settle in one place, etc. He sees no objections, and so presently he finds himself looking for an architect. All this is happening quite gradually;he is still not sure that he is going to have the house. At length he meets an architect. The architect prepares sketch plans, the man suggests some alterations, and then the working drawings are prepared, tenders are submitted, and, as is invariable, the lowest is chosen;the contract is signed, and, lo and behold ! in a few months the house stands complete. Now all that process, from the first twitching desire to the finished June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 71 article itself, is one complete thought, one complete process, one complete psycogeny. You must admit that over the first desire he had no control, it was evoked without any effort on his part;but the moment he began to consider his desire, that moment marks the entrance of the intellect into the process. So that the function of the intellect was to handle this desire, to bring it into relation with the world, with phenomena, and with all that immediately concerned it;that we shall find is always the function of the intellect. The intellect is concerned with the means for arriving at the ends dictated by inspiration. This example is, of course, one of the simplest and most primitive that I could well have chosen. As a rule, the intellect has not such an easy part to play. It is obvious that the amount of inspiration and of intellect that are combined in a person is capable of infinite variations. Thus we have the type that Ibsen is fond of depicting, the type in which the inspiration greatly predominates, in fact, the intellect is altogether lacking, consequently, at great climaxes and crises, the inspiration simply bursts forth at boiling point, as it were, without any previous intellectual treatment, and completely overwhelms the situation. Hilda Wangel or Hedda Gabler are types to which I refer. Had these characters, these mystics, a corresponding amount of intellect with which to handle this great inspiration, with which to co-relate it with their life and with the world, they would have become a Dante or a religious ascetic. We all know that type of person, in whom the inspiration predominates, the intellect being utterly unable to cope with it. Such a one is generally miserable, realising that he bears within him great ideas, great visions, great schemes, that he is unable to articulate. Such a one may well be considered to be one of life's most tragic figures : the tragedy of impotence. On the other hand, no less common—at least, in the ranks of " Art "—are those who have the gift of dealing with matter, but who lack all inspiration, all originality of their own. And on account of these circumstances, in certain branches of Art (and life), a combination is often effected between two persons. In the case of workers in the industrial arts, for instance, there are numerous examples where the one partner has all the inspiration and originality, the other being what is called " a practical man," his duty being to bring the inspiration of his co-worker into relation with the medium in which he is working, and its limitations. An analogy here might be made to a motor car. A petrol engine, however perfect it may be, is of little use itself until it is fitted to an equally useless coach;together they may form a most efficient car. In literature a partnership of this kind can sometimes be made, but in music it would be impossible, for in music, as I have already stated, there must be, and is, absolute harmony between the inspiration and the treatment, so much so, that they must both be conceived and worked out by the same being;likewise in that most perfect school of painting (most perfect in this respect), the Futurist school, such a division would, for the same reason, prove impossible. The ideal marriage is, indeed, nothing but a union of this kind, the one completing the other, as it were, and the two making a whole. It is quite an acknowledged theory nowadays that the ideal union should be a complementary one, one of unlikes rather than of likes. Weininger's theory is that the total amount of masculinity and femininity in an ideal union is constant. And in this respect I should do well to remind you of Aristophanes' speech in the Symposium, where he tells us, in a legendary form, how the male and the female were originally one being;how, for revolting against the gods, they were cut in twain by Zeus;how, afterwards, each part strived to find its complement;and how, when they found each other, whether they were likes or unlikes, that is, two males, or a male and a female, they remained henceforward inseparable. And this seems to me to be typical of evolution generally : it is to re-unite; for throughout life there has been this divorce, be it male and female, rich and poor, God and man, the spiritual and the corporal. At this point I am open to gross misapprehension, and to the charge of preaching a philosophy of annihilation and pessimism, for it will be said that when this unity is effected, all further progress is impossible, for, just as walking is only possible owing to the friction between the foot and the earth, so progress can only be effected while there are two opposing forces which progress one against the other. I admit progress in this particular direction will cease;but just as the entire solar system is but a portion of a still vaster system, which in its turn may revolve around an even greater sun, so the particular progress which will then be effected may only be a part of an even greater progress towards a greater unity;and thus eternity postpones the end everlastingly. Another analogy might be made to the way in which we can only conceive of two extremes, a hot and a cold, high and low;but it is, nevertheless, possible to imagine a system with a third extreme of temperature and altitudes;just as it is possible to imagine a world of two or four dimensions, so it becomes just possible to conceive of a further progress produced from a unity which appears to nullify progress. And now, before I conclude, I will try and tell you what I consider to be the functions of the two greatest pioneers, the great evolvers of the world, the artist and the philosopher. What I am about to say is exceedingly arbitrary, if possible, more arbitrary than anything that I have already said. The artist is he who has inspiration of his own, and intellect with which to handle it. Thus he is able to produce an entire creation, and in this respect he closely resembles a great inventor. It was an inspiration that made James Watt conscious of the powers that lay in steam. It was his intellect that constructed the first steam engine. But the artist is concerned (and here he greatly resembles the philosopher) with the reason of this divorce from unity, and the evolution towards unity again. The philosophers are somewhat different. There are the metaphysicians, who attempt to retrieve the infinite realms of metaphysics, for as science and philosophy enlarge their area, so metaphysics recedes. There are the logicians, who are, as it were, the world's accountants, the world's bookkeepers. The logician takes all the laws that have hitherto been proved empirically true, true pro tem., for now scientists no longer claim absoluteness for their discoveries, and relates them to the world, and to each other, and, where possible, to the unseen, and makes his deductions from them. The absolute function of the ideal philosopher is to establish the absolute relation between mind and matter, God and man, the unseen and the seen, that is, to restore the absolute unity, 72 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 rhythm, and harmony from which they were evolved. Meanwhile, we must not be led away by any specious theory (however rhetorically couched) that bids us neglect the corporal for the spiritual, but we must constantly strive to effect absolute harmony between them;we must endeavour to discover their relation to each other, for, as Montaigne said in the sixteenth century, " 'Tis an inhuman wisdom that would have us despise and hate the culture of the body. 'Tis not a soul, 'tis not a body we are training up, but a man, and we ought not to divide him. Of all the infirmities we have, the most savage is to despise our being." Harry J. Birnstingl. " Elsie Lindtner."* LAST week I had a sudden passion for the green dulness of Kent. London is too beautiful to live in for long. It blunts the fine edge of one's appetite for loveliness and luxury. The sense that here in one city is everything that the human soul can want—art and work and humanity to hate and love—is too intoxicating. So I went away to spend a week-end in Canterbury. Being one of those incurable optimists who always mean to work on their holidays, I took with me "Elsie Lindtner," Karin Michaelis's sequel to "The Dangerous Age." I went down to Canterbury on Friday morning in the same carriage as a wonder-child, a little girl of seven. She sat reading a very nice picture-book of the Zoo with appalling intensity of interest. A flame of vitality played about her, leaving her glowing like the boy-satyr in Titian's "Bacchus and Ariadne." Her coal-black hair rose strongly from her low, broad forehead, and under deep brows her eyes brooded with wet, soft fierceness, like the gaze of an animal. Altogether she was rather like a monkey, as many geniuses—notably Chatterton— have been. About all her movements there was a kind of proud intelligence, of fiery dignity. All around her sat aunts, well-fed, well-educated, tailor-made women, in whose conversation about the dock strike there was more malice than stupidity. They were in every way my superiors. Under any given circumstances they could have got the better of me. They had never even heard of the freewoman. They evidently had large and fixed incomes. They were ugly, not because they couldn't help it, but because they despised beauty. They belonged to a class that owes its ascendancy to the admiration of the mob for asceticism. No nun curbing the lusts of the flesh could mutilate her ego more than such as these. For they have suppressed all sensuous emotions and all intellectual passions, and have denied themselves all experience in order to cultivate a mysterious quality known as "common sense." When we had passed the Penge tunnel and were in the country, their conversation languished, and they turned their attention to the child. They smiled uneasily at her, as people unaccustomed to animals do at puppies, and said, "Look, dear, we're in the country now." The child flashed her magnificent gaze on the low hills veiled with mist, and went back to her tigers. A little further on we came to the fruit fields. "Look, dear, there's a strawberry field." A strawberry field is beautiful only by association. The child was disappointed, and turned with redoubled interest to the contemplation of that quaint beast, the ant-eater. But * "Elsie Lindtner." By Karin Michaelis. Translated by Beatrice Marshall. 3s. 6d. (John Lane.) every time we passed a field of strawberries or gooseberries or hops she was goaded to attention. "You see, dear, those are hops, and the poles are there for the hops to climb up." Before we got to Faversham the child became most properly enraged. She snapped sullenly at her aunts. Immediately they dropped their fatuous benevolence and got nasty. "A very naughty, sulky little girl," they said hatefully, and wagged their heads. The child's eyes blazed through tears, she gulped down sobs that choked her. For about the four hundredth time in her brief existence she wished that she was dead. It was really a tragic sight. It was so wrong that this fiery being, with her demoniac intensity of feeling, should, at the dawn of her days, have her passion perverted to a hatred of life. The fact is, there is something fundamentally insulting in the way we treat children. We educate them for the same reason we want to lock up the feeble-minded. There is the same savage consciousness of power and efficiency in the management of inferior beings. The real worship of children, which is a healthy and entirely animal passion, is denied to most of us by reason of our lowered vitality. Mr. Chesterton, with that massive vulgarity characteristic of his more spiritual moments, has identified the worship of children with the worship of virginity. Quite obviously the worship of young things, which has its simplest manifestations in the affection for puppies and calves and lambs, and its ultimate manifestation in the love of the race, is opposed to the most genteel form of the hatred of life. Yet children spend their lives in the care of ascetics. When that unfortunate child obtains partial emancipation from her detestable family by being sent to school, she will pass to the tender mercies of ascetics of a different type. No one has ever succeeded in discovering to what end the asceticism of the schoolmistress is directed. But public opinion exacts from the teacher as complete an abstinence from life as may well be. A schoolmistress who is very beautiful or dresses well, who has many men friends, who writes poetry or gambles on the Stock Exchange, is distrusted. Yet these are all excellent signs of exuberance of temperament. The attenuated characters that find themselves able to submit to such a standard naturally attempt to suck from their pupils something to supply the deficiency of their lives. The atmosphere of a boarding school is sickly in its amorousness, like a musical comedy. When schoolmistresses whip up unhealthy sentimental adorations among their pupils they inflict a lasting injury to the impulse towards honest friendship. When over the girls' confirmation they hypnotise themselves by thoughts of blood and sacrifice in that kind of ecstasy which is the weaker side of delirium, they kill every wholesome impulse towards religion. The wonder is, considering the unnatural circumstances in which we are brought up, that we women are as bearable as we are. So I looked at the wonder-child with deep pity when I got out at Canterbury. She will have a bad time later on. Canterbury ought to be taken away from the Church and put under the charge of a Minister of Fine Arts who would make the whole town as, beautiful as the Cathedral, so that it would be a perfect city, where one could go when one was in love or going to write a book. At present the Church is grossly misusing the Cathedral. It actually attempts to hold divine service there, There are two ways of treating a Cathedral. It may be the centre of the vigorous life, of buying and selling, and living and loving that it was in the June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 73 Middle Ages, when one might expect to find a couple of dog fights in the transepts and a merry mob in the nave. To-day that is impossible. Everything in Canterbury—even the dogs—is afflicted with a clerical lowliness of spirit. There remains the other way—to recognise the Cathedral as a work of art, the indestructible flower of a dead plant. But the midway, which pretends that the Church is alive when it is not, is quite intolerable. Every now and then an undistinguished person with a feeble voice came and mocked the frozen music of the nave with words with which the world is familiar but does not believe. Surely the authorities must see that if the service is conducted at all it ought to be by surpassingly beautiful people with surpassingly beautiful voices. The Very Rev. the Dean of Canterbury ought to be some young Antinous. Of course he may be, for all I know to the contrary. I have never seen him. I went out to look for him, feeling that he might be the key to the soul of modern Canterbury. He was billed to appear at an anti-suffrage meeting with Miss Gladys Pott, and I thought I had tracked him to a performance of "A Kiss in the Dark," given in the aid of some Church fund;but the one was on May 12th and the other on June 30th, so I missed the opportunity of seeing the Dean with either Melpomene or Thalia. I made one other attempt to study the soul of modern Canterbury by trying to buy a copy of the local paper, the posters of which bore the legend, "The Archbishop and the Mothers' Union. As I remembered the Mothers' Union to be an implacable body which came up to London two years ago and emphatically declared its disinclination to be divorced before the Divorce Commission, I hoped the Archbishop had not come off worst. But the paper was sold out. "The poster's sold it like hot cakes," said the shopman. I wonder what happened to "Elsie Lindtner." As my train steamed out of Canterbury I saw a cow standing in a field which I well knew, toying with something underfoot. With a waggish lift to her tail, she bent her head and munched. I wonder. . . REBECCA WEST. The Discussion Circle. THE fourth meeting of the Circle was held on Wednesday, June 5th, at Chandos Hall, and was attended by a very large audience. The programme for the next session was submitted, and duly accepted. A detailed syllabus of subjects and speakers is given below. After the business was concluded, Mr. Charles Granville delivered his paper on " Thought-Mists : Some Earthly Suggestions," Mr. E. S. P. Haynes being in the chair The paper was full of very interesting suggestions, and gave rise to much warm discussion. The main point emphasised by the lecturer was the immense need for clearness of language. Most of us human beings, he declared, are " tricksters in speech." We are using language to cover our lack of clear thinking and our inadequate conceptions. Often a word has no real significance for us, yet we continue to make use of it, thereby further confounding ourselves and our hearers. Much of our language has reference to a dead past, and is meaningless for present experience, hence it should be abandoned. Here the lecturer gave as examples such terms as " Soul," " Spirit," " Salvation," which, he maintained, have lost all their original theological significance for the majority of modern people who employ them, and yet have not been endowed with fresh significance—at least of any definite nature— so that the employment of them leads us into fog and bog. Again, the emotional figures, which form so large a part of literature, are only of value if they have the connotation of their own age. We cannot, in language any more than in life, continue to exist on the survivals of a dead past. Therefore our duty is either to create new words to fit our ideas, or to discard the old word and do without any until a fitting new one is born. A very strenuous discussion followed. PROGRAMME of SESSION, JUNE 19—OCT. 16. N.B.—No meetings will be held during the month of August. Subject. Speaker. Date. Ideas of Freedom.. .. Mr. Selwyn Weston June 19. Sex Oppression and the Mr. Guy Aldred .. July 3. Way Out Some Problems of Eugenics Mrs. Havelock Ellis July 17. The Problems of Celibacy.. Mrs Gallichan .. July 31. Neo-Malthusianism .. Dr. Drysdale .. Sept. 4. Prostitution .. .. Sept. 18. The Abolition of Domestic Mrs. Melvin and Oct. 2. Drudgery Miss Rona Robinson, M.Sc. The Reform of the Divorce Mr. E. S. P. Haynes Oct. 16. Laws Note.—These dates are subject to some revision, to suit the convenience of speakers. Each Subject, Speaker, and Date will be re-announced in The freewoman before the meeting takes place. In reference to the above programme, the Committee desire to point out that numerous interesting suggestions sent in by members, not yet utilised, are held in reserve for a following session. It has been thought well to begin with those topics which are fairly certain to make a wide appeal to members of the Circle, and, further, to begin by conducting the Circle meetings on more or less traditional lines (i.e., with a speaker to open the debates). If, by the end of this session, we find that we desire other modes of procedure, it will be easy to adapt ourselves. The subjects of the programme are, in most cases, of so wide a nature that it will be impossible to do more than touch the fringe of each on any one evening. The Committee, therefore, desires to make the following suggestion. If any number of persons of the audience, at the close of a discussion, desire to continue further that discussion, they shall communicate with the secretary, who will endeavour to make arrangements for carrying on the discussion, apart from the general Circle meetings, in some smaller room. Anyone who can offer a room, or rooms, fairly central in situation, for this purpose, is asked to inform the secretary. The Committee feels that such discussions, carried out by smaller groups, and endeavouring to go further than the general discussion, may be of the very greatest value. Ultimately, we hope "The Freewoman Discussion Circle" may achieve its own club-house, in which discussion will be possible in a place and at times easily available. Members are asked to consider the question of chairman for the Circle discussions, a matter which is to be brought up in business time at next meeting. Several members have advocated the appointment of a permanent chairman (and vice-chairman) for this first session, who might get opportunity to know something of the speakers, the views of members, and the general " trend " of the Circle— things which cannot be known to each new chairman. The next meeting will take place on June 19th, 8 p.m., at Chandos Hall, Maiden Lane, W.C. (close to Charing Cross). Mr. Selwyn Weston will open a discussion on " Ideas of Freedom." B. LOW, Acting Secretary. 74 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the editor.—Ed. POLITICAL OFFENDERS. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—Many thanks to you for the courtesy of a further editorial statement on the subject of prison treatment for political offenders. You have outlined for us, with almost faultless logic, the relationship of the ideal rebel to his surroundings. " Those whom nature meant to take up the sword recognise instinctively the joyfulness and rightness of falling by the sword," you say; and who can quarrel with the clear-cut reasoning of it? I understand this deep-seated feeling of reverence which makes you jealous for the retention of the high traditions established by rebels of the past. But when Mrs. Pankhurst, in self-revealing words, says to Mr. Justice Coleridge : "There was another defendant who was not there that day, and she wanted to say, as a woman well on in life, that perhaps had she not had that daughter she might never have found the courage to take the position she took in 1903-4-5 "—then we have the clue direct to what category of rebels she belongs. It is no dishonour to Mrs. Pankhurst to say that she does not belong to the category of those who rebel with joy. Christabel Pankhurst can speak for herself when her time comes;and what line of defence she will take remains to be seen. Of Mrs. Pankhurst and the great majority of suffragist prisoners this is certain, they are not "born rebels." They are (at present) rebels under protest; and nothing but the silly blunders of our comical Government would have sent them forward, from strength to strength, on the path of protest. The editorial cap for the W. S.P.U. does not, in my opinion, fit;and, therefore, I do not think we can leave the rebels to their fate. Putting the question of the advisability of recent militancy quite aside, I am wholly for the political offenders' theory in the treatment of the prisoners. I hope that the " first division " agitators will effectively respond to Mr. McKenna's invitation that they should bring Parliamentary pressure to bear on him. What you say of the pre-arranged details of the hunger strike in Strangeways Gaol comes as news to me;but no doubt this lack of knowledge is explained by the fact that I was (under orders) absent from my centre at the time of this particular protest. I was under the impression that this extreme step (the hunger strike for its own sake) was not taken until the Newcastle Gaol hunger strikes. Even this is not clear in my mind, as I did not attend any meeting at which this decision was arrived at. The matter was only of importance as affecting your personal attitude, so I leave it. Mary Gawthorpe. [From opinions which we have already fully expressed, it will be clear Miss Gawthorpe's views upon the " rights " of political prisoners are not ours. We would, however, point out a misapprehension of the meaning of a statement made in the course of our reply to Miss Gawthorpe's previous letter. " The pre-arranged details of the hungerstrike in Strangeways Gaol" were not " pre-arranged " with Clement's Inn. It was our own private intention. If we remember rightly, Clement's Inn left us severely alone, save for the general order that an effective protest had to be made at a certain Cabinet Minister's meeting. As the only possible or conceivable way for us to get in touch with the meeting was by way of a missile flung through a glass roof, it was evident that some thought, even though our own, would have to be expended if we were to baulk the possibility of an extremely long sentence. Doubtless, however, if anyone cared to look up the file of Votes for Women newspaper for 1909, they would find various statements in our name embodying the usual jargon of the time regarding political offenders' treatment. For our own support, however, in the maintaining of our present view, we value the knowledge of our instinctive attitude towards the question, and as Miss Gawthorpe points out it is only our own personal attitude she is concerned with, we offer the above as a complete explanation. As we said last week, Mrs. Pankhurst, everything considered, would be much better placed among the aristocrats of prison, and we are very glad to note that this favoured treatment has been accorded her and her companions without any personal inconvenience.—Ed.] STRINDBERG. Madam—I have just read, in your paper of May 23rd, Mr. Rubinstein's scholarly article on the dead Swedish dramatist and poet. I am always glad to hear that people have read Strindberg. He is far too little known in England, owing largely to the early-Victorian prudishness of our censor and other austere guardians of public morality. But it is one thing to read the works of a man and another to judge him by those works alone, especially when that man is a complicated product of genius, illhealth, struggle, misunderstanding, and poverty. I gather that Mr. Rubinstein knows most of his work—has he, I wonder, read all the four volumes of his autobiography, which, by the way, Strindberg authorised me, shortly before his death, to translate into English, though I have not yet found a publisher bold enough to undertake them? But whether he has or has not done so, he is scarcely justified in labelling Strindberg as " a lonely, disagreeable man." Lonely he might have been, as most men of superior intellect must be in this world;" disagreeable " he no doubt was to his enemies, or in respect of those whom his morbid and sensitive imagination, embittered by years of suffering, represented as his enemies;he was a victim to the mania of imagined persecution, and imagined himself constantly pursued and spied upon by men and women who wished to murder or incarcerate him;but to a select few, to his children, his friends, the poor who constantly sought him out, he was a warm and genial comrade and benefactor. When his theatre failed the people of Sweden collected the sum of fifty thousand crowns for their always beloved dramatist. By the time it reached him Strindberg found himself no longer in very low water, having signed an advantageous contract, and he accordingly directed that the money should be given to the unemployed. His generosity to the poor was, in fact, proverbial, and if he chose to shut his door upon the vulgar herd of those who made it their business to pry around the homes of great men and intrude upon their privacy, is it any wonder? His vanity did not, like that of Victor Hugo, require to be nourished by the admiration and applause of a constant stream of visitors and toadies. In this he resembled his great Norwegian contemporary Ibsen, whose life was almost equally retired;but I have never heard that the poor and unfortunate flocked to Ibsen's door as they did to Strindberg's. His " hatred " of women was, I fancy, more or less confined to those who were, or would be, artists. The woman artist appeared to him as an abnormal and hysterical creature with too large a share of that egoism which men are apt to consider their exclusive birthright. But he had been married to two women artists, and his matrimonial experiences evidently embittered him against the genus femme artiste! The wife with whom he probably lived most happily—although circumstances and the intervention of relatives separated them after a very brief period—had, I believe, no pretensions to artistic talent. Yet he encouraged his children to study and to love books, and during his last years in Stockholm his daughters were his close companions. One of them, a bright, clever child of eight, paid a daily visit to her father, and was given the run of his immense library, especially of the folk-lore department, besides having carte blanche to buy any book she chose on this subject at his bookseller's. He would tell her stories by the hour together, and his devotion to her was as great as was hers to him. With his married daughters, also, he was in daily intercourse, and often in the evenings a few select friends would assemble in his flat in Drottninggatan to chat with him or enjoy the music that he loved when his brother brought in one or two fellow musicians from the opera-house orchestra. Thus it will be seen that his " misogyny " did not altogether extend to his private life. I have vainly searched his works to find some proof of the fact stated by Mr. Rubinstein, viz., that his taste inclined towards the masculine woman. The women he married were feminine enough, if we may judge by his autobiography. Of the women he admired, and whose seductions he resisted with a strength which was indeed masculine (possibly his self-restraint had some influence on the morbid tendency of his work), we know little. I refer to those periods when he was without a wife. The " womanly woman " he may not have known; the " feminine " woman he certainly knew too well. The "manly" woman, generally speaking, is a somewhat sexless and comradely person, most unlikely to appeal to the morbid and ultra-sensitive taste of such a man. I believe that Strindberg had a strong craving for a peaceful, domestic life, such as other men lead. There are exquisite passages even in that somewhat nauseating book, "The Confession of a Fool," in which he paints the portrait of his first wife and her children, which give one to suppose June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 75 that such a life was his ideal. But the infidelities of that wife, her abnormal behaviour and profound egoism, mingled with his own pathological and jealous suspicions, effectually put an end to domestic harmony and destroyed his illusions for ever. After some ten years of married life, during which he forgave her again and again— though I have no doubt that she, too, had much to forgive, since the mania which even then tormented him must have rendered him at times an impossible husband ! —he left her, but there is no doubt about his love for her, and whilst it lasted, at any rate, he showed no disinclination to be " dependent " on her. And almost at the end of his life with her he wrote : " To escape from the ridicule which attaches to the deceived husband, I fly to Vienna. Alone in the hotel the image of the ex-adored one pursues me. Incapable of work, I devote myself to my correspondence, and send her two letters every day, each one a love-letter. The strange city produces on me the effect of a tomb. I walk about alone, like a phantom amongst the crowd. ... I invent a poetic story that I may introduce Maria into these lifeless surroundings. . . . I, the blasé individual, who detests the theatre, I spend all my evenings at the Opera or at concerts. A lively interest is awakened in me as I connect all that I see, all that I hear, with Maria. On my return from the performance at the Opera I seat myself at my desk to give her a detailed account of the way in which Miss So-and-So sang her air on that particular evening, forming comparisons which are all in Maria's favour. When, now and again, I enter a picture gallery, I see her everywhere around me. At the Belvedere I remain for an hour in front of the Venus of Guido Reni, which so much resembles my Adored." And this is the man whose " ineradicable hatred " of women embittered his whole life, and who needed them solely for the gratification of his animal instincts ! If he did indeed dislike the sex in general, was it not rather the outcome of ineradicable memories—or of a lingering dread lest he might once more be burned? For the love of such a man is not an incident to pass and be forgotten. What it does not purify it scorches, and if it is unfortunate it is apt to destroy both illusions and ideals. There is one more correction of Mr. Rubinstein's somewhat incautiously assumed "facts." Strindberg sprang from the lower middle class only on his mother's side. His father—although at the time of August's birth the family was living in extreme poverty—was by birth and upbringing a noble. He married his wife only after the birth of two or three children, and in consequence of this mésalliance quarrelled with his brother. And I gather, with reference to another phrase of Mr. Rubinstein's article, that Strindberg is as sincerely mourned in Sweden as Mr. Bernard Shaw may some day—I hope far distant— expect to be in this country. Amy Skovgaard-Pedersen. June 5th, 1912. @ ® @ "PASS THE BILL." Madam,—In the article called "Champions of Morality " published in this week's Freewoman, the writer confuses the " Pass the Bill " Committee with the Vigilance Association, making it uncertain which party is expected to answer the questions so aggressively asked;much greater confusion is caused by bringing in the matter of prostitution, which is quite irrelevant, and makes the general effect of the article misleading. I will only attempt to discuss what appears to refer to the " Pass the Bill " Committee, which has no connection with the Vigilance Association. The problem for legislation is not so much the " making people moral by Act of Parliament " as the protection of members of the community from being preyed on by others for commercial profit. The white slave traffic is essentially like any other form of slavery, and it is not at all necessary that a Bill aimed at it should consider the causes of prostitution, which are as irrelevant to the Criminal Law Amendment Act as the wholesome effects of work on cotton plantations, so freely dragged into the controversy, were to negro slavery. I should not be on the " Pass the Bill " Committee if its objects were to punish prostitutes without inquiring into the causes of prostitution;its object is merely to obtain Government facilities for the C. L. Amendment Act. The Act itself is directed solely against procurers, landlords of disorderly houses, or persons who exploit or control prostitutes for their own profit. It will not touch the question of prostitution, except inasmuch as by eliminating some of its exploitation for commercial purposes it may simplify the problem. Far from the committee "hoping that the clauses of the measure would not be scrutinised except by similarminded persons," its first action was to send a description of the Bill to seventy London and provincial papers, and the method by which it hopes to secure enactment is the securing of discussion of the Bill in Parliament. Mr. Norman asks why a prostitute should not have a lover. This question sounds as if it were suggested by "La Dame aux Camélias" rather than the Criminal Law Amendment Act, and only a romantic imagination could have imported it into the discussion. But it is surprising that a reader of The Freewoman should conclude that a person "habitually controlling, directing, or superintending the movements" of another should be taken as a technical description of a "lover." One real objection to the Bill is that it gives power to arrest on suspicion for procuring. Arrest on suspicion has its dangers, which already exist in the case of theft and innumerable other offences, such as leaving a basket or bucket on the highway. A woman may now be arrested on suspicion of being a nightwalker or prostitute, which is obviously an opening for "persecuting faddists." The advantage of the system is that the public would suffer much more from absence of protection than they do from the danger of police mistakes, and, this being so, it seems right that girls should be given as much protection as property. Your contributor admits that the traffic in girls is "a shameful blot," and while some innocent people might suffer from an occasional police mistake it is certain now that innocent girls are being trapped into the worst kind of slavery—sex-slavery—which almost inevitably involves complete demoralisation and hideous disease. "Even murderers should have their rights," but the murdered have theirs also, and the rights should be balanced against each other. If helpless girls are not to be protected against procurers, why should protection against "persecuting faddists" be claimed for procurers? Mr. Norman's theory that any genuine proposal would be supported by all humanist reformers shows some inexperience in constructive social reform. There are two kinds of reformers who never support any genuine proposal, the passive kind, who think that any agitation or publicity will be fatal, and the kind who always oppose a reform interests, because it is not quite perfect, or because it does not go far enough. As for a Royal Commission on Prostitution, which is quite outside the scope of the " Pass the Bill " Committee, Don't Buy Cheap New Furniture!— "GO TO W. JELKS  and  SONS! for HIGH-GRADE second-hand goods on easy terms. the average life of cheap new furniture is six months. Good, sound, solid second-hand stuff costs you less and serves you for a lifetime ! Conducting one of the largest Depositorv Businesses in the World, we are constantly offering high-grade goods (sacrificed for storage) at considerably under auction-room prices. finest range in London. Our customers get the benefit of values and prices to be had nowhere else. take the following (but don't take our word! come and see for yourself !) : EXAMPLES. A solid Walnut 18-picce £ s. d. Parlour Suite, well upholstered in a dark green floral tapestry, comprising: A large double end settee, gent.'s easy chair, lady's easy chair, and 6 small chairs. This is one of the oldfashioned types of parlour suites, and is a great bargain at .. 10 3 0 A 7 piece Drawing Room Suite, comprising: settee, 2 easy chairs, and 4 small chairs, well upholstered in a pretty tapestry .. .". 5 12 6 4-piece Solid Fumed £ s. dOak Sideboard, modern design .. 3 3 0 70-piece Dinner Service, with deep cobalt blue band......1 18 6 3 by 3 1/2 Saxe Blue Tapestry Brussels Carpet 2 8 6 A 5-light Solid Bras3 Chandelier, with 3 beautiful gilt figures 1 10 0 A very pretty Oak Overmantel, with oval bevelled-edge mirror in centre and a coloured engraving either side .. 0 17 6 "Go to Jelks  and  Sons for Sound Second-hand Furniture." Any of these goods can be obtained on our well-known terns of easy payment at a small percentage extra. £5 worth, 4/monthlv;£10 worth, 6/monthly; £20 worth, 11/monthly;£30 worth, 16/monthly. W. JELKS  and  SONS, 263. 265, 267. 269, 271, 273, 276, 275a, HOLLOWAY road, LONDON,depositories-2. 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, EDEN grove (adjoining-). (just one minute from Holloway road station, PICCADILLY and BROMPTON tube.) telephones: 2598  and  2599 north;7826 Central. telegrams: 'JELLICO. LONDON 76 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 the best way to get it would probably be to secure votes for women, when a new sense of proportion will probably dawn on the Government. Katherine Vulliamy. THE FUTILE BILL. Madam,—My article kept quite distinct the "Pass the Bill" Committee and the National Vigilance Association. True, I hinted that the National Vigilance Association was the parent of this Bill. I observe your correspondent does not meet that point. My criticism of the Bill was that it did not carry the prevention of the white slave traffic an inch further, except in so far as the police were empowered to arrest on suspicion. As the chief persons engaged in this traffic are well known to the police, the exact advantage of having the power to arrest upon suspicion is not clear to me, though, no doubt it would be useful in the case of the minor persons employed in this traffic. I totally disagree with your correspondent in thinking that the white slave traffic can be dealt with apart from prostitution. I suggest further that the promoters of the Bill are well aware of that fact;and that is why this trumpery measure has been brought forward, so as to quieten the growing alarm in this country at the effect of low wages (a subject Mr. Arthur Lee is an adept at avoiding) in causing an increase in prostitution. If the only object of the clause with regard to persons who habitually control, direct, or superintend the movements of a prostitute is to suppress the economic pressure exercised by the souteneurs, or bullies, or whatever one may call them, who live upon the earnings of prostitutes, I say it is unnecessary, because the law can already deal criminally with such persons. That cannot be the motive for putting in these words. The only meaning I can give to them is the one I have already mentioned;namely, in reality, this clause is to prevent a prostitute having any other than business relations with men. Why should anybody want "to control, direct, or superintend the movements of a prostitute," except for reasons of profit? I may be wrong in my construction of this clause;but it is either meaningless, or surplusage, or else is intended to be merely harassing. My quotation, "even murderers should have their rights," related, as your correspondent knows perfectly well, to the clause which permitted the jury, in the case of a person charged with brothel-keeping, to hear the evidence of a previous conviction, in order to assist them in arriving at their verdict. I said such a clause sinned against the greatest maxim of the English criminal law. Your correspondent does not deny this, but drags in a lot of irrelevant prejudice. Why should a brothel-keeper be treated any more harshly than any other criminal? Your correspondent is wrong in saying " a woman may now be arrested on suspicion of being a nightwalker or prostitute." Prostitution is not a criminal offence in this country. The women can be arrested for "accosting," which is quite a different matter. It is perfectly true that some girls are entrapped by the procurers. My point against this Bill is that those girls will continue to be entrapped. The committee probably did circulate the Bill among the Press;but that does not alter the fact that the gloss put upon its clauses by Mr. Arthur Lee and his colleagues, in writing it up, justified the suspicion that they were not anxious that the public should know the exact terms of their measure. C. H. Norman. THE FOURTH International Summer School To promote Unity in Religion, Philosophy, and Science, and its expression in all branches of Social Service. To be held at TORQUAY, Aug. 3rd to 17th, 1912. Director: D. N. DUNLOP. PROGRAMME of Lectures, Addresses, Symposia, and Music in preparation. Amongst those already arranged for are— Rev. Dr. K. C. ANDERSON, of Dundee; Sir RICH ARD STAPLEY, Of the Christo-Theosophcal Movement; Professor PATRICK GEDDES, of St Andrews University; MABEL COLLINS (Mrs. Cook), who will conduct group study on "Light on the Path"; Professor A. W. BlCKERTON;W TUDOR-POLE; Mrs. ESTHER WINDUST, of Holland;c. LAZENBY, B.A.;PHILIP OYLER;W. WROBLEWSKI;Madame POGOSKY;Mrs. DESPARD; Rev. W. TUDOR JONES, Ph.D and others. A descriptive Pamphlet and Application. Form my be obtained from the Secretary, INTERNATIONAL SUMMER SCHOOL, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W .C. Early application necessary. SHALL THE YOSHIWARA BE REBUILT? Madam,—J was surprised to read such an article as Dr. WrenchIs in your paper. The opinions expressed in the last paragraph, coming from a doctor, cannot help but encourage vice, especially in young men, who, having such authority for indulgence, carry out his precepts. All men do not acknowledge " that prostitution is a necessity of social life." I, for one, do not, and I know intimately many men who agree with me, and who are not patrons of the " art." If men lived clean lives, thought clean thoughts, did not over-eat or over-drink, and took exercise in proportion to their appetites, prostitution would cease;such passions as Dr. Wrench speaks of are perverted, and are the result of the indulgence of which he approves. No teacher of physical culture, no trainer of athletes says that prostitution is a necessity;on the contrary, they preach a crusade against it. Fancy a doctor, one who is supposed to work for the good of humanity, falling so low as to encourage a vice the indulgence of which is purely selfish, and condemns to a shameful life, and usually a fearful death, so many thousands of our fellow beings. From what class would Dr. Wrench choose the " necessary " women? Would he like his daughters or sisters to take up this "necessary" and "artistic " profession? If not, What right has he to expect others to provide the " necessary " humanity? What worse crime is there than the seduction of a girl? No punishment is too bad for it;but how leniently are men treated who so offend. What wonder that there is the present great uprising of women;they wish to obtain power to protect their weaker sisters from the gross and perverted passions of man. R. McD. Duckham. June 3rd, 1912. [We acknowledge letters marked "not for publication" which we have received on the above subject. We refer to the subject elsewhere, hut we would here point out that the stifling of opinion is not the same as the overcoming of it, and we think that more good might have been done by those who disagree with Dr. Wrench, had they refuted Dr. Wrench's arguments instead of withdrawing their support from The Freewoman. We feel that an expression of opinion from a writer of Dr. Wrench's power and experience has a call upon our attention.—Ed.] ® ® 9 MR. ROCHE. Madam,—I cannot say whether Mr. Roche means to pervert truth, for the two main misrepresentations of his letter may have been unwittingly advanced. The first of them is his rollicking assertion that America is a democracy. Let us allow Messrs. Carnegie, Rockefeller, and Pierpont Morgan a decent interval for silent prayer, and pass on to the insinuation that someone is yearning to reduce us all to one dead level. Who is he? And what is his level? And wherein lies its deadness? Of the lesser misrepresentations that your correspondent fathers, it is only necessary to point out that sailors and cowboys do, because of poverty, get drunk after spells of loneliness on prairie and on sea;it is the spiritual poverty that comes on normal men who have endured a lengthy segregation from their kind. Amongst the other odds and ends of gigosophy garnered by Mr. Roche from his experience of life, the merriest fragment is that which treats of love. "If there is to be no permanence in human relationships," runs the proclamation, "there can be no real love." Well, well! Yet one would have thought that the plight of Cupid harnessed to an Act of Parliament would have had its appeal even for the vanguard of the prigs. You may waver over many of Mr. Roche's qualities, but of the solemn serenity of his priggishness there is, unfortunately, no manner of doubt. Only one who affects superiority over other folk could plead for the murder of a murderer. Only an intellectual coxcomb could sniff at the zeal of Senator Smith. It is perfectly true that Senator Smith knew little of the sea, save that it was wet;or of ships, save that they were supposed to sail upon it. His knowledge here was as shallow as the knowledge of the Titanic's owners was deep. But his was an intelligent ignorance. And, somehow, I for one, prefer that penetrating ignorance to the impenetrable wisdom of the White Star line. Robert Williamson. June 2nd, 1912. 9 9 9 " DRAINAGE POETS." Madam,—The badly drained Paris of Baudelaire is surely not to be compared with the London of Shakespeare—which was not in our modern sense drained at all, but served by scavengers. Many a village has shown a healthy set of people, though its sanitary arrangements June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 11 were not of the modern order—and this by no means implies that they were bad. Elizabethan London was but a glorified village, where nearly every house had its garden, where the fields came up to its very walls, and where the river was so pure that it contained salmon in abundance. If the Londoners of that time had known what we know about disease germs, and had fought shy of the plague-bearing merchandise from the East, if they had not allowed wells to be sunk near churchyards, their death-rate would have been low enough. As it is, they must have been remarkably healthy to have surmounted so easily those evils which we now keep at bay—thanks to the knowledge gained by their experience.—Yours faithfully, F. LANGWORTHY. P.S.—Your correspondent, J. S. N. Roche, says that to prefer an extremely ignorant man like Senator Smith to an intelligent one like Lord Mersey is common to democrats. It is sad to think how true it is that democracy is often forced to choose an ignorant man because he is "out " for justice and truth, in preference to a wise man, who too often is " out " to hush matters up. SOME THOUGHTS ON RELIGION. Madam—You ask for a definition of an Atheist;Nuttall and another give it as "a disbeliever in God." Probably that is farther than you—who discuss Christ in the same category, but below the level of Garibaldi, for you admire Christ, but you adore Garibaldi—and your correspondent Rachel Graham—who takes Him to task for His disgraceful lack of scientific attainments—would go. And let me remark, en passant, the Bible does not pretend to come down to the level of science, but science, if it be true science, will do its best to come up to the level of the Bible. Presumably there are degrees of Atheism. Robert Blatchford says : " The Reverend R. J. Campbell is as much an Atheist as I;and I am as much a Christian as he." And the inventor of New Theology would scarcely desire the appellation of Atheist to place him at the tail of humanity, for there is no savage, however degraded, who has not belief in an Omnipotent Spirit. But it follows that a disbeliever in the Godhead of Christ is an Atheist, for, says the Bible (so sadly traduced in these days), "I and the Father are one." "He that hath the Son hath the Father." "If any man love Me, him will My Father honour, and We will come unto him, and make Our abode with him." " Ah ! " says The Freewoman, but " if the Bible had not been forged 2,000 years ago, it would have to be forged to-day." Allow me to quote a little from a learned writer to whom the Bible is as ABC, and who can prove the authenticity of every line of it. " The rat who gnawed a file supposed himself to be making good progress as he saw the pile of white chips slowly increasing. But he found he'd used his teeth away. Biblical truth is the file Secularists are gnawing at. They misrepresent, confute, distort it, and imagine they defeat it. Organisations fight against it, and think they have crushed it out of existence;but when the teeth are gone, the file remains." Aye, thank God, and the Book in which is written, "All things necessary for our salvation," will remain until the end of the age which is so rapidly approaching a consummation. " For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine," says St. Paul;and surely the time is come. "And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables " (2 Tim. iv. 3, 4). But there will come a time when the " fables " will be as Dead Sea fruit in their minds. To revert to a recent instance, much in the public mind. Why was the rag-time changed to a hymn at the last? Why did lips—perhaps unaccustomed to pray— repeat the Lord's Prayer all night long? Wasn't it the need of a Saviour? I write thus, knowingly laying myself open to criticism and possibly misunderstanding;but it would be a poor soldier who would not break a lance in the service of his King. I speak as one who knows, having tried earthly happiness and proved the unsatisfying nature of even its keenest pleasures, and after drifting in the storm-tossed ocean of doubt, have found safe anchorage in the haven of Christ's Cross. My only regret is that I cannot tell the joys of the Christian life as I—even I who follow with weak, faltering steps—know it. If I could speak only a little of the visions vouchsafed, the direct messages of hope and comfort in times of stress, and the Omnipotence of the Everlasting Arms in enveloping love, I think the theory which Humanists, Modernists, and Religious Democrats profess of God within man to be developed through man's agency, would sink into infinite littleness in comparison with "the redemption of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ, the means or grace, and the hope of glory." FLORENCE L. MORLEY. June 6th, 1912.INTERPRETATIONS OF SEX. Madam,—The article "Interpretations of Sex" has interested me greatly. I agree mostly with the authors belief in the immortality of personality, yet the way in which it is presented is open to criticism. I should like to give here my own point of view, and I should be grateful for an answer, for, as the French says, "C'est du choc des idées que jaillit la lumière." In " Interpretations of Sex " it is stated : "There is an argument advanced that personal immortality, such as we have conceived, is scarcely to be accepted. It gives us too much what we want. That immortality for the many is achieved vicariously for them in progeny, and that for the few—the artists—it is achieved in the children of their mind—this is as much as we may fairly depend upon. On the high ground of this last spiritual immortality, it is held that one must leave diverting influences, such as passion, and apply oneself assiduously to one's creative work, in order that there may be something for one to leave behind to achieve one's immortality." The writer meets this argument as follows : " It seems to us our concern should not be with what we are to leave behind, but with what we are to take forward." The author is right, and speaks like one who has been contemplating the power of life with the brightest light humanity has, as yet, thrown on the subjeot. She adds: "A man's master-work—his supreme creation—is his own soul." Yes ! but of two men who have come to a clear understanding of love, i.e., human passion as opposed to animal sex, the greater soul of the two will be that of the man who, not " leaving diverting influences, such as passion," will yet " apply himself to his creative work," more for the sake of what he will take forward than for the sake of what he will leave behind;for the sake, above all, of his immortal personality. The difference of opinion is not perhaps very great; it may amount only to this, in such a sentence as : " Great love passions are often childless." I should have added, " The above-mentioned love passions would be still greater if they bore children." This the writer does not say, and, moreover, does not seem to believe. It is my task to try to prove it, and to prove it in the terms I mentioned before, namely, "It is more a question of what we take forward than of what we leave behind. It is a matter of our personal immortality. I understand the writer to say " all altruism is developed egoism." Yes, we have come to understand this not only in the relation of the individual to the race, but also in relation of the race towards God. I should like here to open parenthesis and to go back on the process which led us to such a conception. The initial step appears to me to have been the shifting of God from one throne to another. During many centuries, God had been with us a revealed God, such as the God in Christ. Human science, in putting forward theories of the evolution of the universe, worlds and races, dealt the revealed God His death-blow. We no more admit a God of revelation who commanded our respect, worship, and humility, and yet who would not show us His power in all its glory, and would hide from us the laws, the reasons, the destinies of the universe. We can no longer conceive half-measures, cutting off part of God's greatness to throw it on our shoulders. This, however, the God of Christ did, when He led us to believe that we were the kings of creation. Such belief was a gift from His munificence. But the concession of such gift left Him ill-clad and poorly resplendent when our intelligence, seeing through certain astronomic problems, imagined other worlds wherein it might be possible to find life much like our own. We were no more the kings of creation, and we only had to call upon the revealed God to answer for a gift of so little value. This we did, and put the revealed God to such trial that He is no more, although His ghost may still be seen. LADIES BLANCHARD'S APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments,  and c, they speedily afford relief and never fall to alleviate the suffering. 'BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women.' per box, of BOOTS' and all Chemists. 78 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 But in doing away with the Christian God, we have not exhausted God Himself : the Mystery of the Origin and Destiny of Life. Such Mystery hovers over us and spreads gigantic wings;however, we can no longer trust in revealed religions to clear it away;such religions played us tricks, and we see them now as false, narrow, feeble, and ridiculous, because they lacked the courage of standing on man's legs, and were compelled to look for crutches in heaven. And this is the point at which I desire to arrive;we must now in all consciousness trust to our human powers, because we know to what blunders we were led when we hoped God would come down to us;because one must start from the known to go towards the unknown, from man to go towards God; because there is no doubt left with us that God at present is only a sentiment of our human being, that God is only the noble9t thought of our mind united to the purest longing of our soul, that He is nothing else but our imaginative creation. This, and this only, we know, and from this we have to start to come to more knowledge. So human science, in changing man's place in the universe, has likewise shifted God from one throne to another. It is no longer a question of "Think of God first and humanity second ";it is " Study man first, for through him only can you come to a knowledge of God." We have passed from the unconscious self-compassion which, needful of consolation, had put a God in Heaven, to conscious egoism, which, finding heaven empty, turned back to itself. Yes, egoists we are and ought to be in all consciousness, for we now say, "If God is to be known, we must first know ourselves ";and this leads us to add, as obvious, "If humanity is to be understood, let each man first understand himself." Thus we make egoism a virtue, but a virtue only when it knows its aim. When absorbed in the individual, it does not, however, lose sight of the correlation between the individual and the race, and, further, between the race and God—Mystery or Life-Force or whatever name we like to give to the Unknown over us. In this light I understand the statement, "all altruism is developed egoism." So is all love, all interest, or whatever feeling we may have towards God as understood above. This is the stepping-stone of my criticism. I do not claim to be right, but I think the writer made a slight mistake, leading to great consequences, first in not perceiving the unavoidable relation between materiality and passion; second, in losing sight of the correlation mentioned above, between the individual and the race. To take the first point : the relation between materiality and passion. There is—to my mind—no denying "the immateriality of the ' stuff ' of passion"—-be it of love or any other passion—but I equally think that there is no denying that passion—with us humans—has always found expression through materiality;and my belief is that, as matters stand with us, it is best that it should choose to express itself thus, as we have no other way. I take an example outside the sphere of the Love-Passion. If a man has a great passion for Beauty, nine times out of ten he does not keep it in himself, but expresses it in material shape, in form of a statue, picture, or in a book. The material expression of his passion may, in no way, answer to his ideal of it; yet I say it is better he should express it so than to keep it to himself; as poor as the work may be, it can give help to other men in conceiving a yet nobler ideal of the Beauty-Passion. (In passing, I may note that this is correlation between individual and the race, but I shall come back to this later.) If we now look at the Love-Passion, we again find materiality as being the activity—the only one in our power—to express such passion. This materiality gives to the expression of the Love-Passion the shape of human offsprings. Babies looked at in this light are no more the reward of the Love-Passion than the statue is the reward of the BeautyPassion;they are only the work, the activity of passion, work more or less easy according to temperaments and circumstances, activity more or less painful, but not to be done away with, unless we lose sight of the correlation between the individual and the race. That there is such correlation seems to me impossible to deny, and if where the " worn-out sheath falls away the articulated soul remains just what it was, save with the added knowledge which comes of slipping a grosser veil, a recognisable and individual soul with expression as we have, here and now, with spatiality as our personality is great or mean, here and now ";if such is the case—as I am ready to believe, although not in the same terms—the matter of begetting souls, here on earth, through begetting children, is not to be overlooked. Wherever our immortal personality may dwell after the death of the body, one may well imagine that it will still be in relation with other souls and personalities, a relation of greater importance as knowledge and recognition between personalities, will be increased through " slipping a grosser veil." Why, then, should we not use our tool "here and now," our only tool, i.e., materiality? Why, then, refuse activity to Love-Passion? why refuse expressions to this passion through our earthly activity : the physical one? Why should great souls put aside the chance they have to give birth to new great souls? However slight this chance may be, it is obvious that such chance exists, and if we believe in the continuation of personality or soul—or in immortality of such personality as the author says—we must not hinder our progress in the next stage of our being, by leaving cheap souls to create cheap souls "here and now." It is not enough to say that "the body is the servant of passion, and that the danger is horn when passion becomes the servant of the body." This is true, but I should insist upon the necessity of using the servant, and the greater the soul, the more I should like to see it making good use of the servant, or otherwise as is sometimes the case. Those great souls, if they will not do active work, through materiality, had better give up physical life. I quite agree that " they can afford to ";but why all this hurry, why not take each step in time? We always have to lose time in looking over work done in too great a flurry. For each great soul who departs from life in a great hurry, the community of souls will have one day to pay by losing time to do the work their sister overlooked. So, " for the sake of what we shall take forward more than for the sake of what we shall leave behind," let each woman and man possessed with "a great soul " apply herself or himself to the creative work " without leaving diverting influences, such as passion." I feel most apologetic about the cumbersome repetition of such worlds : " passion " and " soul ," but it is difficult not to mention, for instance, the word " cat " when one writes of "cats," and the difficulty in my case is no light one, as I am writing in a foreign tongue. Françoise Mentur. [We are obliged to our correspondent for the interesting and pertinent criticism of the "Interpretations of Sex." The points made by our correspondent raise arguments which can only be dealt with at some length, and we venture to leave the matter over until the appearance of two articles on " Religion " and " Phallic Worship," which we believe will deal fully with the points raised.—Ed.] OF ALL HIGH GLASS DRAPERS AND STORES IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" (c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. June 13, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 79 FREE UNIONS. Madam,—In answer to "Northerner" (May 2nd), our experience may be of some service, as we started without any means whatever, both having lost our posts through our free union. We are surprised that the doctrine and practice of " Karezza " is not more widely known to your readers, and we would like to lend a book on the subject to " Northerner." How profoundly interested we are in your sex articles, especially the last one, which shows such courage, depth, and grasp of the subject, we can hardly sufficiently state, as we are in our small way testing and proving these matters for ourselves sincerely and in faith. Do you give sufficient importance to the sex act itself? Are you not, consciously or unconsciously, ignoring the full power of this contact, the greatest human means for transmuting the forces of the universe into "personality "? It is the act by which the essences from the whole universe gathered into the two sexes are moulded into " personality " by the refining fires of love. This being the only known method throughout creation, why seek to depart from it, even for the highest creations —physical, mental, or spiritual? The sex act is or may be at once the highest form of self-giving and of selfexpression;and the more completely one gives, the more individual one becomes, the better one realises the one in all. In our experience we would venture to say that the power generated through the act unselfishly for service (that is the crux of the matter, for we believe with James Hinton that the same act can be either the highest spiritual thing known to man, or the most debased, according to the degree of selflessness) is so ever increasingly wonderful and highly spiritual (we use the word inclusively) that the experience of the imprisoned Suffragette is not only a probability but a reality in sex relationship, increasing in intensity and duration. There seems much to be yet said on this matter. Before concluding, allow us to say we would be very glad to correspond with those in any way interested in free unions (monogamous). But we would warn anyone not to attempt a free union solely for experience, or out of bravado, or for any lesser reason than that they felt compelled to it by a powerful inner urge, that will not suffer so subtle and pure a thing as love to have attached to it even that amount of mistrust that the legal union postulates. Mary and Stanley Randolph. June 3rd, 1912. 0. ^ q "CHAMPIONS OF MORALITY." Madam,—The article, " Champions of Morality," in your paper this week, seems to me a very unhelpful criticism of the National Vigilance Association and of their Bill now before Parliament. The writer attacks the Association in seven questions, most of which are directed to establishing that the primal cause of prostitution is the low rate of wages paid to women;that the Association ignores this fact; and therefore that their Bill is worthless. Your correspondent further complains that he asked a certain society to make an enquiry as to whether this connection existed or no, and they refused. (Of course they did : waste of time.) But why assume that the National Vigilance Association is ignorant of a fact Beg to draw the attention of readers of THE FREEWOMAN to their forthcoming Manly Names Competition in which Messrs. GERALD DU MAURIER, ALLAN AYNESWORTH, HERBERT SLEATH, DENNIS EAD1E, HENRY LYTTON, and G. P. HUNTLEY will act as Judges, and in which 250 valuable Prizes will be awarded. In addition to these Prizes, so many customers have written us enquiring for one of our quant Gold encased SEN-KA Charms, to whiich Japanese tradition attaches such mysterious and wonderful powers that we have decided to immediately present one to every customer who sends Orders of not less value than 2s. 6d.. either for Two Boxes of Soap (.1s. 3d. per Box), Botte of Perfume (2s. 6d.), Bottle of Adori Hair Tonic (2s. 6d.), or Jar of Massige Cream (2s. 6d.). Write Orders distinctly on plain paper, and add what you consider the 3 most manly names for a boy. 3 selections may be sent by all sending P.O. 1/3 for Large Trial Box of ADORI SOAP (4,000 unsolicited Testimonials received). AD0RI, Goschen Buildings, Henrietta Street, London, W.C. which every social reformer has proclaimed for the last fifty years? And what is the point of his criticism, unless he knows that the National Vigilance Association is aware of a cure for these low wages, and is deliberately suppressing it in favour of less adequate remedies? If I could prove to you that prostitution in the long run depends largely on the fact that water runs down hill, and not up, it might be of academic interest, but it would not be very helpful to any practical reform. Now, I am far from saying that the (comparatively) low wage paid to women is a social law as unalterable as the law that water runs down-hill;still, it is so widespread, so ancient a phenomenon, that to blame the National Vigilance Association because it ignores this fact seems to me nearly as unreasonable as it would be to blame it because it ignored the fact that water ran down-hill;no doubt the members are fully cognisant of both facts, but do not see their way to alter either. Many people would say that both are laws of nature. I hope not : I hope and believe that women's status and wage will rise in the future : that women's suffrage will do much towards raising the first, and that women, when they have the vote, will do all they can, here a little and there a little, to check prostitution;but I have heard no remedy proposed, prompt and universal, which is to sweep away low wages and prostitution at once;I doubt if your correspondent has; and while such a remedy has not even been suggested by anyone, shall we quarrel meanwhile with those who attack other (if minor) sides of the evil? But from what I had previously read of it, I thought that this " White Slave Traffic " Bill was meant chiefly as an attempt at stopping the worst phase of this social evil— the kidnapping of innocent girls into houses of ill-fame. To this phase of the question the " low wage " argument does not apply at all. Whether there are many such cases, it seems most difficult to judge. One writer, in a book I read lately (" The Dangers of False Prudery ") makes the statement that " no girl ever goes wrong except through ignorance " (a very limited experience has supplied me with cases to the contrary). In her larger book on the " White Slave " traffic, the same author mentions many cases which seem to show that large numbers of girls are entrapped, unknowingly, into the service of vice. Others, again, like your correspondent, believe that girls go on the streets in most cases for economic reasons. Whatever the proportions of the two classes be, we shall all agree that it is the first class that has the primary claim on us all. The girl who goes on the streets to get a higher wage does so with her eyes open;she gets her " quid pro quo," the money for which she sells herself;it is the innocent victim who has the first claim to the intervention of the State, if the State can protect her. Can it? The analysis of the Bill given by your correspondent is certainly disappointing; one had hoped for more protective measures; but for what? I must confess I am quite unable to suggest anything, except greater care in parents and guardians;perhaps your correspondent may be able to give the Association some really helpful criticism, and suggest something more. In a matter of such difficulty and importance, women should welcome all attempts at checking the social evil. It is the rôle of the supporters of a vice to exclaim, that because everything cannot be done to destroy it, nothing should be done. June 9th, 1912. Gertrude Slater. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint;points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations;and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed;these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility;gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of thr "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told;such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381. Room, 4. Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d 80 THE FREEWOMAN June 13, 1912 STEPHEN SWIFT'S Latest Publications A NIGHT IN THE LUXEMBOURG By REMY DE GOURMONT. Translated, with a Preface and Appendix, by Arthur Ransome. 5/net. " An audacious excursus of fancy, pieced together with the fertile skill of a consummate artist."—Athenaeum. " What we should have missed had so fine a piece of art, so subtle a piece of reasoning, been withheld from us ! " —Robert Blatchford in The Clarion. " Sensitive translation of M. de Gourmont's exquisite book."—Observer. " It is likely to make a ' stir.' "—Richard King in The Tatler. OLD ENGLISH WORTHIES By DOROTHY SENIOR. 10/6 net. " She has rewritten the histories of such ' old worthies ' as Thomas of Reading, George-a-Green, Roger Bacon and Friar Rush, retaining just as much of the charm of early language as is consistent with facility in reading. The result is particularly happy." —Vanity Fair. "A charming book, well designed and well printed."—Athenœum. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880-1905: Pater, Wilde, and After. By J. M. KENNEDY. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7/6 net. Mr. J. M. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. SONNETS AND BALLATE OF GUIDO CAVALCANTI Translated by EZRA POUND. Crown 8vo, cloth, 3/6 net. More than one Italian critic of authority has considered Cavalcanti second to Dante alone in their literature. Dante places him first among his forerunners. TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY By CHARLES LAPWORTH, in collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully illustrated, 10/6 net. " The real story of the Tripolitan campaign is told in an engrossing way by Mr. Lapworth."—Pall Mall Gazette. "Readable, well informed, and illustrated by many well-chosen portraits and photographic pictures, the work can but prove instructive and stimulating to the many English readers who are interested in Italian progress."—Scotsman. "A book to put the Italian case before the British public is 'Tripoli and Young Italy.'"—Sunday Times. IRISH HOME RULE: The Last Phase By S. G. HOBSON. 3/6 net. Mr. Hobson, says the Athenœum, puts the case for Home Rule "with a freshness which is remarkable at this stage of the controversy." Reviews of all parties agree that he treats the problems of land and finance with equal acuteness, picturesqueness, and lucidity. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON. 3/6 net. There is an attempt to account for the weakening of the dramatic sense in modern England, and to explain the enormous importance of the music-hall and the desperate necessity of maintaining it as a means of popular expression. 6s. Fiction IN A GERMAN PENSION (Third Edition) By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Miss Mansfield knows the Germans at home, and analyses them with remorseless minuteness and delightful malice in a book which the critics have termed "masterly," "uncommonly bold and artistic," "strikingly realistic," and "amazingly clever." SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE. " Amazingly good of its kind."—Manchester Guardian. " They never leave the reader unmoved."—Times. A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS. "An exceedingly clever production."—Christian Commonwealth. " A curious and amusing story."— Times. Complete Catalogue gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden. Printed by Hazell, Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C.;and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16 King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C.