Poetry, a Magazine of Verse . The CRISIS Vol. 12—No. 4 AUGUST, 1916 Whole No. 70 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY Publisher's chat \ A LETTER: "Please aacept $1.00 money order for renewal. * * * * I can assure you I appreciate the CRISIS and cling to it all the more closely in its espousal of ultra-radicalism. It is religiously needed—we need it awfully in this day of shameful and shameless compromises, apologies and flunkeyism. I can put my finger on every issue of the CRISIS ever printed save the first one and I don't think you could print it in America without my getting a copy. I read it, teach it to my children and preach it to the heathen. "Yours in the strife, W .	 E. Hawkins, Washington, D. C." H Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZHL. (Mary White Ovington) f 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford)... 1.00 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick Sayers) 2.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNDAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address, THE CRISIS, :::: : 70 Fifth Avenue, NE W YORK Manti»n Ti l Ci HIP THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for August, 1916 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph from Life, by Turner. "Patriotism." THE PHILADELPHIA PAGEANT 170-172 SHADOWS OF LIGHT. A Pictorial Review 174-176 ARTICLES THE DRAMA AMONG BLACK FOLK. By W. E. B.Du Bois 169 RETRIBUTION. APoem. ByIda B. Luckie 173 JOHANNA MOORE. An Autobiography 177 GUIANA. By H. Everard Davis 178 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 163 THE LOOKING GLASS 182 MEN OF THE MONTH 190 THE OUTER POCKET : 191 THE HORIZON 194 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Past Office at New York. N. Y. 160 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL I "/ cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. j IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL | IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT 1 Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved | Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, | Y. M. C . A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a compre | hensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co | workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE | DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. | We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. | Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. | Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. | We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. | Communities requiring social workers should write us. | Next School Term Opens Oct. 4, 1916. | For catalog and detailed information, address: §| PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD j| NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. 1 = i ^III!IIIIIIINIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII[IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN I'liiir iiiiiiiiiniiiiiimiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiimiiiiinw ! SCHOO L O F MEDICIN E O F I | HOWAR D UNIVERSIT Y | | Including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutic Colleges j 1867-191 6 STEPHEN M. NEWMAN , D. D., President EDWARD A. BALLOCH, M. D., Dean j The Fiftieth Annual Session will begin October I, 1916, and continue eight months. | j Requires for admission to the Medical College two years of college work including I j courses in inorganic and organic chemistry, qualitative analysis, physics, biology and 1 I either French or German. Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, "unex-1 I celled hospital facilities. | The Ninth Session of the Post-Graduate Course will begin June 1, 1917, and I [ continue six weeks. | For catalog or information concerning Medical, Dental, Pharmaceutic or Post-1 I Graduate Courses, write | I W. C. McNEILL, M. D., Secretary [ I Fifth and "W" Sts., N. W., Washington, D. C. I iiiiiiini inn IN 1 IIIIUHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIII IN IIIIIIIIIIIIIIINI! NUN MI mini iiiiiiiiNiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini iiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiininiiiiiiiiP Mention THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers arc graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wclleslcy. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, CA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment- A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following de partments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 21, 1916 For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE TECHNICAL COLLEGE (Formerly A. &amp; M. College) Fall Term begins September 1, 1916. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Maintained by the Governments of the United States and of North Carolina. Short courses. Courses leading to the degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. Write today for catalog. Address: PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. &amp; T. College Greensboro, N. C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The best school for Negroes in the State"— Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. Mention TH E CBISIS MORGA N COLLEG E The Cheyney Training School AN D BRANCHE S JOHN 0. SPENCER. PhD.. President. for Teachers MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The entrance fee is $7. Fall term opens September 16, 1916. There zvill be no summer school during 1916. For full information, write to LESLIE P1NCKNEY HILL, Principal. Lincoln Institute Founded by Negro soldiers. Sup ported by the" State of Missouri. For both men and women. Faculty of 34 from the best schools and colleges of the country. College Department, offer ing four years' course with degree Bachelor of Arts; Normal Department, offering two years' course preceded by four years of Standard High School work, and leading to the Degree Bach elor of Pedagogy. College preparatory course. Music, art, domestic science, elocution, agriculture, blacksmithing, machinery, electric engineering, car pentry, cabinet making, automobile re pairing and construction, sewing, art needlework, basketry, raffia, drawing andfine arts. Normal diploma is a life certificate to teach in the public schools of Missouri. One of the best schools in the country for students of limited means. Catalog on request. Benjamin Franklin Allen President Jefferson City, Missouri Location: Central college town between North and South. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Music, Advanced Education, Collegiate, Appropriate degrees. Instructors: College and University trained. Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty. Dormitories: For a limited number, furnished. Terms: Very reasonable. Dean: William Pickens, Llt.D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. * (Eastern Branch Maryland State College of Agriculture) Location: The famous Eastern Shore of Md., Somerset Co. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Industrial, Dom. Science, Music. Instructors: College and Technically trained. Ni'\v I (ormitories: Furnished, steam heated, supervised. Terms: Tuition free; other expenses moderate. SUMMER SESSION June 2Cth-August 4th. Special training in Domestic Science, Rural Education, Na ture Study, School Organization, School Management, etc. Terms: Ent. $1.00; Board. Jii.OO per wk.; no tuition fee. Principal: Rev. Thomas H. Klah, A.B. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE Lynchburg, Va. Location: On beautiful hill In suburbs of growing city. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Dom. Sci.. Gardening, Music. Instructors: College trained; carefully selected. Dormitories: Furnished; for fifty girls; steam heat, electric light; carefully supervised. Terms: Within the reach of all. Principal: Frank Trigg, A.M. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Virginia A superior school for the separate, higher education of young women. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture, and thorough training. Expenses very moderate. Send for catalog to the President. SHAW UNIVERSITY, Raleigh, N. C. 1865 Founded ---Incorporated 1870 One of the oldest and best Thousands of law- abiding, useful and influential graduates and former students, men and women, are found in all parts of United States, and in all the professions and trades. High standards of character and scholarship are required. Shaw University, a Christian home and up to date in all departments, was never serving the race better than today. For catalogs, application blanks, etc., address CHARLES FRANCIS MESERVE, President Educational Announcements Continued on Page 201 Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 12-No. 4 AUGUST, 1916 Whole No. 70 Editorial TWO LETTERS HE ONE WHICH WAS WRITTEN TO MEXICO: The Secretary of State to the Secretary of Foreign Relations of the Be Facto Government of Mexico: The Government of the United States has viewed with deep concern and increasing disappointment the progress of the revolution in Mexico. Continuous bloodshed and disorders have marked its progress. For three years the Mexican republic has been torn with civil strife; the lives of Americans and other aliens have been sacrificed; vast properties developed by American capital and enterprise have been destroyed or rendered nonproductive; bandits have been permitted to roam at will through the territory contiguous to the United States and to seize, without punishment or without effective attempt at punishment, the property of Americans, while the lives of citizens of the United States who ventured to remain in Mexican territory or to return there to protect their interests have been taken, in some cases barbarously taken, and the murderers have neither been apprehended nor brought to justice. It would be difficult to find in the annals of the history of Mexico conditions more deplorable than those which have existed there during these recent years of civil war. . . . . If the Mexican Government is unwilling or unable to give its protection by preventing its ter- TWO LETTERS The ONE WHICH WAS NOT WRITTEN TO GEORGIA: The President of the United States to the Governor of the State of Georgia: The Government of the United States has viewed with deep concern and increasing disappointment the progress of civilization in Georgia. Continuous bloodshed and disorders have marked its progress. For three years the State of Georgia has been torn with laiulessness. The lives of Americans and other aliens have been sacrificed. Fifty-six persons have been lynched, property has been destroyed and homes violated. Peaceful citizens have been systematically driven from their homes and occupations. It would be difficult to find in the annals of the history of Georgia conditions more deplorable than those which have existed there during these recent years. If the State Government is unwilling or unable to give its protection by preventing its territory from being the rendezvous and refuge of murderers and plunderers that does not relieve this Government from its duty to take all the steps necessary to safeguard American citizens on American soil. The United States Government cannot and will not allow bands of lawless men to establish themselves within its borders with liberty to kill, burn and plunder American citizens with impunity, and when accused to seek safety within state lines, relying (Continued on page 164, first column) (Continued on page 164, second column^ ritory from being the rendezvous and refuge of murderers and plunderers, that does not relieve this Government from its duty to take all the steps necessary to safeguard American citizens on American soil. The United States Government cannot and will not allow bands of lawless men to establish themselves upon its borders with liberty to invade and plunder American territory with impunity, and, when pursued, to seek safety across the Rio Grande, relying upon the plea of their Government that the integrity of the soil of the Mexican republic must not be violated Protection of American lives and property, then, in the United States is the first obligation of this Government, and in Mexico is, first, the obligation of Mexico, and, second, the obligation of the United States. In securing this protection along the common boundary the United States has a right to expect the co-operation of its neighboring republic; and yet, instead of taking steps to check or punish the raiders, the de facto Government demurs and objects to measures taken by the United States. The Government of the United States does not wish to believe that the de facto Government approves these marauding attacks, yet, as they continue to be made, they show that the Mexican Government is unable to repress them. This inability, as this Government had had occasion in the past to say, may excuse the failure to check the outrages complained of, but it only makes stronger the duty of the United States to prevent them, for if the Government of Mexico cannot protect the lives and property of Americans, exposed to attack from Mexicans, the Government of the United States is in duty bound, so far as it can, to do so. Accept, etc., etc., ROBERT LANSING, Secretary of State. CRISIS (Continued from page 163, second column) upon the plea of their government that State Rights must not be violated. Protection of American lives and property then, in the United States, is the first obligation of this Government, and this protection must extend not simply to white Americans, but also to colored Americans. Even before my election I hastened to "assure my colored fellow citizens of my earnest wish to see justice done them in every matter, and not mere grudging justice, but justice executed with liberality and cordial good feeling. Every guarantee of our law, every principal of our Constitution, commands this, and our sympathies should also make it easy." Hitherto I hate done absolutely nothing to re •deem this pledge and I feel that I have waited too long. In securing this protection the United States has a right to expect the co-operation of the State of Georgia, and yet instead of taking steps to check lynching or punish mobs the State of Georgia demurs and objects to measures taken by the United States. The Government of the United States does not wish to believe that the State of Georgia approves this lawlessness, yet as it continues it shows that the Government of Georgia is unable to repress it. Already thirteen persons have been lynched in the State during the first six months of 1916. This inability may excuse the failure to check the outrages complained of, but it only makes stronger the duty of the Federal Government to intervene. For if Georgia cannot protect the lives and property of American citizens the United States is in duty bound, so far as it can, to do so. Accept, etc., etc., WOODROW WILSON, President of the United States. Why has Mr. Carranza compelled the United States to use this strong language? Because Mr. Carranza needs the votes of certain murderous Mexicans in the Rotten Borough of Chihuahua. Why does Mr. Wilson fear to send such a letter as we have outlined above? Because Mr. Wilson needs the votes of certain murderous Americans in the Rotten Borough of Georgia. Buenos Noches, Messrs. Wilson and Carranza. CIVILIZATION H E South dislikes the im putation that it is not civil ized. It persuades itself that a certain, grand manner among people who have money, accompanied by infinite disdain for the lowly, is culture. Yet the South itself furnishes absolutely unanswerable arguments for pronouncing it half-civilized. Take, for instance, the matter of the age of consent: In Georgia, North Carolina and Florida a child of ten years may consent to her own ruin; in Tennessee and Mississippi, a child of twelve; and in Alabama, South Carolina and Virginia, a girl of fourteen. Moreover, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Florida and Mississippi have invented a beautiful method of damning the poor and helpless by making a distinction between "chaste" and "unchaste" children, the latter being given the least protection. Or, take the matter of the insane: Georgia has an asylum euphemistically called a "sanitarium." The death rate in the Negro department is 20 per cent, of all cases "under treatment." The Atlanta Constitution says: "Some indication of the extraordinarily crowded condition of the sanitarium may be had from the fact that since January 1, 1904, 12,901 cases have been received there, which is nearly 50 per cent, of the total number of patients admitted since it was established seventy-two years ago. And yet, within those twelve years, not one new building has been added and not one modern facility has been provided for taking care of the rapidly increasing population. In a single year, as the trustees' report shows, four hundred and ninety-one white women were admitted to the institution when not a single vacancy existed in that department, while the Negro department has been for several years crowded to double its actual capacity." CARRIZAL CARRIZAL was a glory and a blunder, a joke and a crucifixion ; a blunder on the part of a President who sent an army on a fool's errand and on the part of a gay, young officer who needlessly risked human life on the theory that Mexicans always run. Carrizal was a glory for the Mexicans who dared to defend their country from invasion and for Negro troopers who went singing to their death. And the greater glory was the glory of the black men, for Mexicans died for a land they love, while Negroes sang for a country that despises, cheats and lynches them. Even across the sunlit desert as they died came the last wild shriek of a human bon-fire in Texas where Southern "gentlemen" and "ladies" capered in glee—brave, filthy Texas. Laugh? Why shouldn't they laugh at simple death and grim duty? Have they not faced harsher and more horrible things? "Jim Crow" cars, helpless disfranchisement and .organized insult? Why should they not laugh at death for a country which honors them dying and kicks and buffets them living? God laughed. It was a Joke. 166 THE NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION T is peculiarly unfortunate that white Southern influence is so dominant in the Na tional Education Association. Colored teachers attend, but in no large numbers, because little or nothing is done to encourage them. Negro education is practically^ undiscussed. Every year a representative from either Hampton or Tuskegee is given a chance to speak of industrial education. The other one hundred and forty-eight schools, which educate the overwhelming mass of colored students and the Negro public schools with thirty thousand teachers of Negro youth are unrepresented on the programme and have been unrepresented for years. The work, aims and methods of institutions like Howard University, Fisk University, Atlanta University and a score of others are absolutely ignored, and yet the work of these institutions is unrivaled by any other educational foundations among colored people. There is little present likelihood of such institutions being able to break through the "Education Trust" and receive a fair hearing, but it is none the less disgraceful that this is the fact. NET-PAID CIRCULATION SOME of our readers have asked us the meaning of "net-paid circulation." A periodical prints more copies than it sells and mails many copies that are not paid for. "Net-paid circulation" refers to the number of copies each month which are actually sold. It does not include copies sent to exchanges, nor unsold copies returned from dealers, nor copies left in the office. The average net-paid circulation of THE CRISIS for the first six months of the year 191 6 was 37,800. No other colored periodical in the United States reaches or approaches this circulation. CRISIS NATIONAL AID T is a matter of congratulation that a strong committee is at work to push National Aid for Common School Education. The present travesty on decent common school training which is receiving the enthusiastic commendation of the General Education Board and other agencies must soon yield to a real attempt to educate Negro children. HEALTH SOME time ago when the Atlanta University Conference said that the death rates of the colored people were not excessive as compared with other naconclusion was hooted bv those convinced of the inferiority of the Negro race. We have before us a pamphlet of the United States Public Health Service in which Assistant Surgeon General Trask comes to this conclusion concerning the death rates of the colored population: "It is believed that the comparison of mortality rates previously discussed shows (1 ) that the colored death rates of most communities of the United States are not discouragingly high; (2) that they are undoubtedly lower than they have been in the past; (3) that they are as low as many white population groups possessed 20 or 30 years ago, and are in fact as low as some white populations possess at the present time; and (4) that with the economic and industrial progress of the colored population its death rate will gradually approach nearer to that of the white population." IRELAND FEW colored people know or realize what Ireland has suffered at the hands of England. On the other hand, the open dislike of Irish and colored people in the United States has given the Irish cause little or no sympathy so far as Negroes are concerned. It happened unfortunately that the first Irish immigration to the United States took place just as the free Negroes of the North were making their most impressive forward movement. Irishmen and black men came, therefore, in bitter industrial competition in such cities as Boston, New York and Philadelphia. Riots and street fights ensued. Irishmen hanged Negroes during the draft riots in New York City, and drove them off the streets in Philadelphia. But all this is past. Today we must remember that the white slums of Dublin represent more bitter depths of human degradation than the black slums of Charleston and New Orleans, and where human oppression exists there the sympathy of all black hearts must go. The recent Irish revolt may have been foolish, but would to God some of us had sense enough to be fools! AN ENCOURAGING OUTLOOK N looking over the catalog of Atlanta University I was much impressed with the rapid increase in the number of its college graduates. It shows that the number of trained leaders sent out from the collegiate department of that institution, and now serving the nation, has about doubled in the last ten years, and that the number had doubled in the preceding decades; so that the total number is today about four times what it was twenty years ago. Other educational institutions are showing similar results. This means that today the colored population of the United States has nearly twice as many wise and efficient leaders as it had ten years ago, and nearly four times as many as in 1895. This accounts in part for the wonderful progress since the dark days in the nineties, and gives promise of still greater progress in the near future. G. G. B. PROMPTNESS PLEASE put this note in the August number of TH E CRISIS." When the above request was being written all the matter to be put in the August CRISIS was already in the hands of the printer. It is extremely difficult to make many of our readers and generous contributors realize this fact. A monthly magazine is not like a weekly paper which can insert a bit of news to-day and appear to-morrow. THE CRISIS is all written one month before it is put into the hands of the reader. The last matter, for instance, for this August number was in the hands of the printer on the eighth of July, the proof was read and returned by the twelfth of July, and the magazine was mailed on the twentieth of July. It reached readers in New York City on the twenty-first of July, and readers of the Pacific coast about the first of August. If our contributors will bear this in mind they will greatly help us, and save their own tempers. PLEASE WRITE US HIS month we have rear ranged the matter in the CRISIS. Items "Along the Color Line" close instead of open our offering. Our own modest opinions come first and then the opinions of others in article and quotation. How do you like the change? We really want to know. Indeed, the constituency of the CRISIS is a rather silent one and does not easily burst into letters. We are anxious, however, to have more frank criticism. What is it about the CRISIS that you like best, and what do you like least? What do you miss most? How can we better serve the Cause and you? Please write us. HARKEN ! T0 the Members of the N. A. A. C. P. and the public generally this Association appeals most earnestly for support cm for its anti-lynching crusade. The crime at Waco is a challenge to our American civilization, yes, to every American, and yet it is no worse than many that have come to pass without the punishment of a single guilty person. Somebody must move in this matter; the time is ripe, for Southern sentiment is developing so rapidly against it that it is no longer unpopular to speak out against practices which should arouse our holy horror if they were committed by Turks in Armenia or by Mexicans in Sonora. In what we shall undertake to do we shall have the support and approval of multitudes of Southerners who desire to free their section from the shame the mob has put upon it. It is all the more the duty of Northerners to lead in this matter because our own skirts are not clean. The crimes of Springfield, 111., and of Coatesville, Pa., are there to confront us, if any of us should wish to make this a sectional issue. For the colored people this is an opportunity they ought not to be blind to. It has been the wonder of many of their friends that they have not organized great national movements against this dragging of the judicial ermine in the gutter, for it is a cause that could be made as moving as most of the phases in the anti-slavery struggle. The machinery is now here and the N. A. A. C. P. has a clear-cut program to carry out. It ought to receive $20,000, yes $200,000, every year for this purpose until lynching is ended. We are ready to carry on a nation-wide propaganda. Surely the race that suffers most by the crimes, although the less guilty, ought to come forward and make no end of sacrifices if necessary to stop this particular form of the many outrages to which it is subjected. Never has this Association made a more earnest appeal; never has it seen the way of usefulness stretch out more clearly before it. Every man and woman whose eyes come Upon these lines should make it his or her business to contribute something along these lines. Already dollar bills have begun to come in, but we want more than that. We want hundred dollar bills from churches, lodges, societies, from every gathering at which colored people come together in the belief that they are entitled to all the rights and privileges of the American citizen, first of all the constitutional right to a fair trial before judge and jury. We need this money by August 15. Send it to us before then. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer. THE DRAMA AMONG BLACK FOLK By W. E. B. DuBOIS HEAR ye, hear ye! Men of all the Americas, and listen to the tale of the Eldest and Strongest of the Races of men whose faces be Black. Hear ye, hear ye! For lo! Upon this night a world shall pass before your souls, bathed in color, wound with song and set to the dancing of a thousand feet. And this shall be the message of this pageantry: Of the Black man's Gift of Iron to the world; of Ethiopia and her Glory; of the Valley of Humiliation through which God would she pass and of the Vision Everlasting when the Cross of Christ and the Star of Freedom set atop the Pillar of Eternal Light. Men of the world keep silence and in reverence see this holy thing." This has been the opening cry of the dark and crimson-turbaned Herald in three presentations of the pageant, "The Star of Ethiopia," given by colored people in New York, Washington and Philadelphia before audiences aggregating nearly 35,000 people. The last of these three pageants was given in Philadelphia during the month of May before audiences of eight thousand. It was in many respects the most perfect of the pageants. For while it lacked the curious thrill and newness of the New York production and the mysterious glamour of shadow, star and sky which made the Washington pageant unforgettable, yet Philadelphia in its smoothness and finish was technically the best. As this last production represents possibly the end of the series it is a fitting time to review this effort. The Negro is essentially dramatic. His greatest gift to the world has been and will be a gift of art, of appreciation and realization of beauty. Such was his gift to Egypt, even as the dark Herald cried in the second scene of the pageant: "Hear ye, hear ye! All them that come to know the truth and listen to the tale of the Wisest and Gentlest of the Races of Men whose faces be Black. Hear ye, hear ye! And learn the ancient Glory of Ethiopia, All-Mother of men, whose wonders men forgot. See how beneath the Mountains of the Moon, alike in the Valley of Father Nile and in ancient Negro-land and Atlantis the Black Race ruled and strove and fought and sought the Star of Faith and Freedom even as other races did and do. Fathers of Men and Sires of Children golden, black and brown, keep silence and hear this mighty word." All through Africa pageantry and dramatic recital is close mingled with religious rites and in America the "Shout" of the church revival is in its essential pure drama. The American Negro early turned toward the theatre. Ira Aldridge, their first great actor, was born in Maryland in 1810 and educated in Glasgow. He became before his death the first of European tragedians, honored and decorated by nearly every European government. There was, of course, no career for him in America. Here by the unbending law of exclusion Negro minstrelsy developed first with white men and then with colored actors. In later days Cole and Johnson and Williams and Walker lifted minstrelsy by sheer force of genius into the beginning of a new drama. White people refused to support the finest of their new conceptions like the "Red Moon" and the cycle apparently stopped. Recently, however, with the growth of a considerable number of colored theatres and moving picture places, a new and inner demand for Negro drama has arisen which is only partially satisfied by the vaudeville actors. Today in Harlem it is being curiously supplied by setting companies of colored actors to playing recent Broadway successes like "Alias Jimmy Valentine," "Today" and "The Escape." The next step will undoubtedly be the slow growth of a new folk drama built around the actual experience of Negro American life. Already there are beginnings here and there, but especially in Washington, where Nathaniel Guy and Laura Bruce Glenn have been at work, and last year produced Angelina Grimke's strong play, "Rachel." I seemed to see this development some years ago, and as a kind of beginningsketched the pageant, the "Star of Ethiopia," in 1911. It was not staged until 1913 169 THE PAGEANT, "STAR OF ETHIOPIA," IN PHILADELPHIA Photo by Scurlock. A group of 200 out of the 1,078 participants The Drama among Black Folk 171 at the Emancipation Exposition in New York City. There it was made a part of the Exposition and attempted with three hundred and fifty colored actors. I can feel again the strain of that first attempt and the sound of the voice of the Herald crying: "Hear ye, hear ye! Eternal Children of the Lord, ye little ones within whose veins the blood of Ethiopia flows and flames. Hear ye, hear ye! And listen to the tale of the Humblest and Mightiest of the Races of Men whose faces be Black. Behold the Star of Faith so nearly lost, yet found again and placed against high heaven through tlie crucifixion of God and little children. Sons and Daughters of Men keep silence and hear this beautiful thing." This first pageant was in audience and acting a great success, "An impressive spectacle," as the Outlook said, "both from a historical point of view and as a forecast." Then came my dream. It seemed to me that it might be possible with such a demonstration to get people interested in this development of Negro drama to teach on the one hand the colored people themselves the meaning of their history and their rich, emotional life through a new theatre, and on the other, to reveal the Negro to the white world as a human, feeling thing. I started out to raise three thousand dollars. By contributing five hundred myself and by the wonderful gift of one young woman I succeeded in raising a little over two thousand dollars in cash; my other pledges failed. With this money the Washington pageant was given in the open air with twelve hundred colored participants. It was a wonderful thing. As one white woman wrote: "It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in Washington." And the President of the Board of Education declared it "A remarkable spectacle of great educational value." But with all this it was financially a partial failure and I found myself at the end with my capital reduced one-half. Yet I looked upon it simply as a certain, mild Valley of Humiliation repeating to myself the words of the Herald at the beginning of the fourth scene: "Hear ye, hear ye! All ye that come to see the light and listen to the tale of the Bravest and Truest of the Races of Men whose faces be Black! Hear ye, hear ye! And learn how men of Negro blood did suffer the Pains of Death and the Humiliation of Hell, yet did not die. Listen, Mothers of Men and Daughters of Almighty God beneath whose hearts these dark and beautiful children lie and have lain buried— listen and ~h'ear this awful thing." I determined to make one more effort at Phila'delphia. Here in celebration of the One Hundredth General Conference of the African M. E. Church the pageant was given the third and perhaps the last time with one thousand and seventy-eight colored actors. It was to all who saw it a Vision Everlasting like to the Herald's cry before the impressive scene: "Hear ye, hearse! All them that dwell by the Rivers of "Waters and in the beautiful, the Valley "of Shadows, and listen to the ending of this tale. Learn, Sisters and Brothers, how above the Fear of God, Labor doth build on Knowledge; how Justice tempers Science and how Beauty shall be crowned in Love beneath the Cross. Listen, O Isles, for all the pageant returns in dance and song to build this Tower of Eternal Light beneath the Star. Keep silence and let your souls sing with this last and latest word" "It was," says the Friend's Intelligencer, "a signal contribution to the fine art of pageantry." A white woman writes: "The conception is so noble and the dramatic rendering fine and forceful, and all in exquisite taste and great refinement. There was such freedom from self-consciousness in the actors that it seemed as though they were only doing what they were born to do." The North American said it was "cleverly" done. The Record noted "many brilliant and colorful scenes," and a writer in the Public Ledger says: "The intelligent interpretation which the thousand actors in the pageant gave of the author's thought was proof in itself that the Negro is not the mentally torpid individual that prejudiced white folks persist in considering him." A settlement worker wrote: "I wish I could find the words I need to thank you for the beautiful thing you have given us in the pageant, but perhaps my best tribute is the very wordlessness, tear-salted eyes with which I watched it, and shall a1ways remember it. It was not only tht. pathos and the tragedy of the story that 172 THE PAGEANT, "STAR OF ETHIOPIA," IN PHILADELPHIA Photo by Scurlock Leading characters, and Temple built and decorated by Richard Brown and Lenwood Morris RETRIBUTION 173 made the tears and the wordlessness, something deeper than that. "In spite of the hurt, you'll keep right on being a poet, won't you, please?" And so it ended beautifully and full of satisfaction, due in greatest measure to the genius and devotion of Charles Burroughs, Dora Cole Norman, Richard Brown and Augustus Dill, my chief helpers, and to hundreds of others. And yet, alas, the whole of my little capital is swept away except a thousand dollars inextricably tied up in costumes and properties. What now is the next step? Already there are faint signs: A Shakespeare pageant in Washington and two masques in Cincinnati. Numerous inquiries from elsewhere have come. The great fact has been demonstrated that pageantry among colored people is not only possible, but in many ways of unsurpassed beauty and can be made a means of uplift and education and the beginning of a folk drama. On the other hand, the white public has shown little or no interest in the movement. The American Pageant Association has been silent, if not actually contemptuous, and there have been within my own race the usual petty but hurting insinuations of personal greed and selfishness as the real incentives behind my efforts. Unless, therefore, from unforeseen and at present unknown sources I receive help and encouragement I shall lay this effort down and bequeath to new hands crying with the last cry of my Herald: "Hear ye, hear ye! All them that sing before the Lord and forget not the Vision of the Eldest and Strongest of the Races of Men whose faces be Black. Hear ye, hear ye! And remember forever and one day the Star of Ethiopia, All-Mother of Men, who gave the world the Iron Gift and Gift of Faith, the Pain of Humility and Sorrow Song of Pain, and Freedom, Eternal Freedom, underneath the Star. Arise and go, Children of Philadelphia—the Play is done—the Play is done." RETRIBUTION By IDA B. LUCKIE ii \ LAS, My Country! Thou wilt have no need Of enemy to bring thee to thy doom If these be they on whom we must rely To prove the right and honor of our arms." Thus spake Abdullah, gazing, with sad eyes And heart fear-stricken, on the motley horde Of Turks now gathered in with feverish haste To meet the dread, on-coming Bulgar host. Truly he spake, for scarce the foes had met When the wild flight began, the vengeful sword Of the Bulgarian taking fearful toll As fleeing thousands fall to rise no more. Surely the years bring on the fatal day To that dark land, from whose unhallowed ground The blood of countless innocents so long Has cried to God, nor longer cries in vain. But not alone by war a nation falls. Tho' she be fair, serene as radiant morn, Tho' girt by seas, secure in armament, Let her but spurn the Vision of the Cross; Tread with contemptuous feet on its com mand Of Mercy, Love and Human Brotherhood, And she, some fateful day, shall have no need Of enemy to bring her to the dust. Some day, tho' distant it may be—with God A thousand years are but as yesterday— The germs of hate, injustice, violence, Like an insidious canker in the blood, Shall eat the nation's vitals. She shall see Break forth the blood-red tide of anarchy, Sweeping her plains, laying her cities low, And bearing on its seething, crimson flood The wreck of government, of home, and all The nation's pride, its splendor and its power; On, with relentless flow, into the sea Of God's eternal vengeance wide and deep, But for God's grace! Oh, may it hold thee fast, My Country, until justice shall prevail O'er wrong and o'er oppression's cruel power, And all that makes humanity to mourn. HAROLD JOICE. MISS A. McCARY. MISS W. TIVES. G. C. BELL. Page 194. Page 194. Page 195. Page 194. Shadows of Light HIS pictorial record of news interest and achievement will be published in the CRISIS from time to time as we receive suitable pictures. We want particularly pictures of colored folk in action, living their lives and doing their daily work. We shall be glad to make modest payment for suitable photographs which we accept, on publication. The four young persons at the top have made distinguished records in school life and are mentioned on pages 194-5. Below are the surviving black soldiers of the fight at Carrizal. The succeeding pages record interesting meetings and occurrences in colored America. Copyright by Unde cd and Underwood, N. Y, THE SURVIVORS OF CARRIZAL. ANNUAL MEETING OF THE TRI-STATE DENTAL ASSOCIATION AT BAY CHORE HOTEL, BUCKROE BEACH, VA. 1.—A COLORED PRIVATE PLAYGROUND AT RICHMOND, KY. 2. —A STORY HOUR, LOS ANGELES, CAL. See page 194. 3. .—PHILADELPHIA CHAMPIONS IN FIELD ATHLETICS. -See page 194. JOHANNA P. MOORE - 1832-1916 AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY THE following sketch was written for 1 T he C risis by the late Miss Moore. As her successor writes: Miss Moore was a careful reader of THE C risis and I think gave it a place next to Hope and her Bible. She always wanted it sent to her wherever she went. My life has been closely interwoven, especially with the home life of the colored people because helping home meant helping all departments of life. No slave could have a real home. My call to this work came January, 1863, v/hen a few lovers of freedom met to rejoice with the Freedmen, but above the shout of victory I saw the helplessness of the freed slave. Little black hands of children with those of their mothers were stretched out beseechingly for help. I did not want to see them—I had other plans for my life—but the vision would not down till I said, "Lord, here am I; send me." I was to graduate in June. As soon after that as possible I left, against all the protests of my aged mother and all my relatives. My first work was with about eleven hundred women and children on Island Number Ten on the Mississippi River, near Memphis, Tenn. This was one of the camps where the Union Army did their best to 177 help the freed slaves who did not know where to go nor what to do. It was a greatly needed work for which we must never forget to be thankful. No pen of mine can picture their desolation. You must imagine. Soon barrels of clothing were carefully given out. The army gave rations. What did I do? I tried to be a Mother; it has been my work ever since. Those suffering black children soon crept into my heart and their mothers followed. Memory holds them in loving remembrance today. The soldiers built a rough shed in which we had a Sunday School and also wedged in a little day school. March, 1864, the colony was moved to Helena, Ark., and part were placed on plantations. Many died for want of care. The friends from the North came about this time and established an orphans' home which was a very great blessing. I was a helper in this work. I also taught the colored soldiers. They made such rapid progress that from that day to this I have never lost my enthusiasm for the black race as regards their mental ability. During these fifty years of freedom I have been with the Negroes in loving fellowship in their churches, schools, social gatherings, weddings, funerals—everywhere I have felt sure that he was simply a part of our common humanity and should be treated as such. Indeed I soon learned that the Negro was simply a' human being with all the virtues and faults of humanity. It is true their former life and present environment made them a little different from the white race. From that day to this I have never seen the need of special schools, churches, railroads and laws for the Negro. It is an insult to humanity to treat him thus. All that God requires of us is to give the black man, woman and child an equal chance with the white race and he will eventually prove himself their equal. This he has done already to a great extent, while we have made him carry the weight of color and the thought of inferiority has been constantly and unjustly urged upon him. It has taken much of his time and thought to make himself believe they were not true and thereby get courage to try and try again, else he would have been utterly discouraged. God grant the time may soon come when the white man can have the privilege of taking the Negro by the hand and saying: "Come on, my brother, give no thought to your color; you have in you all the possibilities that I have." Then, and not till then, will the Negro have an equal chance to be and do his best, and not till then will the white man have a fair chance to help his brother rise. We, too, are greatly hindered by this race prejudice which I need not explain here. I cannot close without asking the privilege of giving a bit of motherly advice. Trust and be thankful, oh so thankful: The outlook is a thousand times better than it was fifty years ago. Great things have been accomplished for which we do thank God and take courage. I am speaking to a class of strong men and women who have gained their strength by enduring hard things and overcoming discouragements. You have gained this strength to help your weak brother. If you dwell too much on injustice the weak will give up in despair. "Never ask for an easy job, but ask strength to do a hard one." Suffering does develop strength much more than indulgence. Standing on the heights of eighty years and looking back I can truthfully say that what I thought hindered did make me a stronger and better woman. My trials, of which I have had many, I now esteem my greatest blessings. We are placed in this world to seek and to save the lost—to use our strength to help the weak. Do not be afraid of criticism. Learn from our enemies. They know our weak points better than our friends. The critics have helped me walk straight. Your trials, if borne in the spirit of love and persever ance, will develop a strong, brave and heroic race. It was so in the past; it is so today. There is far more to encourage than to discourage, but the good is not emphasized. A thousand families in this city live in love and harmony. Their names are not in the papers, but in one the husband has killed his wife; this takes wings and is talked of around every fireside. I have something sweet, good and glorious to tell you about our own dear colored women. It is in my little corner of the vineyard. We call the work Fireside Schools because it is done in homes. In Nashville, our headquarters, we have enrolled about eight hundred colored women and a few men scattered all over the Union, many in rural districts and out of the way places. They, in their quiet, orderly homes, have daily prayer and Bible study and a selected course of reading for each year. By love and works they form their neighbors into little bands that meet weekly to review lessons, the strong to help the weak. Thousands have here learned how to read and in the minds of children is created a thirst for knowledge that may lead to the college. In these blessed homes we grow strong men and women. To create this has been no easy task. The organ of the work-is Hope with a circulation of 16,000. These eight hundred homes represent at least ten times eight hundred. The fact we want emphasized is that these women are doing all this without pay and that they are good wives and mothers while they thus help their neighbors. This has been quietly at work for twenty-eight years in this form, but in some form all the fifty years of my service. Now, farewell. "Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you."—2 Cor. 13:11. GUIANA By H. EVERARD DAVIS i A S most of you are doubtless aware this much has been said and written about the colony, British Guiana, which is our great possibilities existing here—that they home, is sometimes styled in history and do exist, is undoubted—but to a very great other books "a magnificent colony," and extent lying fallow and undeveloped; and GUIANA 179 meanwhile, we Guianese also exist—and that only—the reasons? Ah! so many, so varied, so sad. . . . At the last census returns to the 31st December, 1914, the population of this country with its 90,277 square miles was only 309,938, of which 151,083 were colored natives and West Indians, locally distinguished as 118,719 black and 32,364 mixed; 134,463 were East Indians, 10,059 Portuguese, 2,776 Chinese, 3,914 Europeans (white) and 7,643 aboriginal Indians and other races, a very heterogeneous mixture, of which our race is undoubtedly the least progressive; and why? because of the existence of a sad lack of unity and co-operation hitherto; but some, if not all of us, are now awakened, and but need a little help to start us on the way to unification, independence and success . . . and so we appeal to you, our strong and successful brethren, to "give us a hand up." In analyzing our political economy we must first peep a little into past history: Years ago, shortly after the time when our ancestors, who were slaves under the lash, were freed—the recollection of which period with all its horror and cruel wrongs still causes us dull pain and sometimes anger— happily not oft remembered though—in order to save the staple industry of this country, which was cane-sugar, and which through the supine weakness and shortsightedness of the mother country's governmental policy of "open door free trade" was well-nigh ruined; the excuse was made, and possibly with good reason, by the white plantation owners, that the wage demanded by the colored laborer could not profitably be paid by this product, and so rather than abandon the country, the introduction of cheaper labor was decided on, and Portuguese from the Madeiras, Chinese from the British colony of Hong Kong, and lastly East Indians were introduced, generally under some form of indenture, to do the agricultural labor necessary to carry on the sugar industry successfully to compete against the more cheaply produced bounty-fed German and Russian beet-sugar, which the British confectionery manufacturers, in their greed for gain, admitted into the markets of the mother country free, thus placing the produce of their own colonies at a disadvantage and largely contributing to the depression and backwardness and ruin almost of the West Indian Islands and British Guiana. The Portuguese and Chinese soon gravitated to what seems to be their natural calling: shop-keeping and the lesser forms of commercialism; the East Indian, too, who is still being annually introduced for the sugar plantations, after having served his term of indenture sometimes elects to take advantage of the option of "a grant of land" in lieu of his passage "back home," and he, too, starts in the race for riches either as a cattle or provision farmer, shopkeeper or money-lender; and in more recent years as a rice farmer and also general merchant of some importance. A considerable percentage of these three races, after having amassed some wealth, trek back with it to their respective homes. The irony of this cheap-labor immigration matter is, that the colored native, being in the majority, contributes largely to defray the expense of the system, which is more or less under government control, and is paid for out of the public revenue, thereby partly paying for the introduction of a contemporary worker with whom he cannot compete on an economic basis, as the average rate of indentured labor pay is twenty-four cents per day, a sum quite inadequate for the support of any race but the East Indian. Here, the colored man—which expression I use in the comprehensive American sense and not with our local and insular meaning —benefits to some extent by the prosperity of the sugar industry, as considerable of the overseers, drivers or foremen and laborers on the heavier tasks, the engineers, pan-boilers, dispensers and porters necessary in the manufacture and handling of this product, are colored natives; but the system of introducing cheaper labor outlined above has had the effect of forcing most of us out into other avenues of labor so as to earn a livelihood, away from the plantations and settled coast-lands of our forefathers into the far hinterland where life is more strenuous and trying, with the result that most if not all of the pioneers of the industries of our scarcely developed interior are colored natives—all the gold-diggers, diamond miners, timber and other wood-cutters, charcoal-burners, balata collectors and the army of boat-hands and droghers necessary for the carrying on of THE CRISIS these industries are colored men—hard workers, almost daily risking their lives in their duties, mostly honest and industrious, but ill-rewarded, and so to a great extent improvident and wasteful fatalists, living only in the moment, with no hope for the future, no prospects; discontented and envious of their more prosperous brethren, who, sad to have to admit it, are rather intolerant of their poorer and less fortunate kinsfolk—and sadder yet to admit, who are still considerably imbued with the slave fear and worship of the white man, who in consequence takes advantage of this and weans him away from his own, tolerating him so that he can use and also dominate him, and thus keeps the race emasculated and disunited. Through the fairly liberal education granted us hitherto, and eagerly absorbed by a considerable percentage, most of the professional men here—the lawyers (certainly all of the talent), the medicos, a fair number of the clergymen and all of the school-teachers, are colored; and, too, all of the artisans and tradesmen in every branch —in the government service, of course, all of the high and lucrative positions are the close preserve of the "gentry from home" as they style themselves—only a few posi tions of importance and the jobs of the lower order, like district postmasters, post men, messengers and policemen (officers excepted), etc., being filled by the colored natives. Strange as it may seem, though the constitution which we have been granted for some years now is fairly liberal, and in spite of the fact that almost exclusively in our municipal government, and largely in our administrative government also, we are well represented racially, still we cannot forge ahead;—and this it must honestly be admitted is through a sad lack of co-operation in the past to a very great extent, but also more potently to the lack of money power. But as before noted an awakening has taken place, and as can be seen from the history-making events recently recorded in the columns of our press, more particularly our .colored-owned and colored-run newspaper, The Free Lance, we are being drawn together through the common danger of the unschooling of our children which is threatening us; and also the fight is up to us to show the only truly representative church of our race legally recognized and firmly established in our midst; by which is meant the glorious A. M. E. Church of America, a branch of which has not been so long transplanted here—we want it, and must have it, and it will flourish and grow strong in this land in spite of all the machinations against it. It is help with money power we need most, and if I make bold an outline of a scheme which it is to be hoped will appeal to those of you who can join and help, that is, to form a league from which will branch a syndicate duly incorporated in the United States and also registered under the law here with a capital of from one to five million dollars to establish a trading company which will embrace a general import and export commercial business, also banking and financing progressive hinterland and other schemes, to lend assistance to those industries operated by members of our race, on the easiest terms compatible with sound finance; to help to inculcate some spirit of independence and industry, to give the start on the road to success to ambitious ones, and so eradicate the feelings of distrust and envy so prone to raise its evil head in our midst; and this can be done by starting industrial training institutions for fitting our young men and women for the future to become successful and contented citizens of the world, and to give the chance to those who are so gifted to become ornaments to our race, like the many brilliant ones among you. Our own churches and schools, our own factories and stores, our own banks and emporiums, mines, sawmills and prosperous plantations, import and export trade controlled by us, and for the benefit of ojir race, our own steamship lines, railways and other means of communication and the development of our own country! Is it a dream only? Or will it be realized, as it can be if only we are now helped with a start? What will our colored brethren in "the land of the free and the brave" sayto_us? Surely not—no! Will it succeed? Will it pay? you ask. Well, take one illustration: Timber is wanted—the only ones here to operate an industry such as this, requiring hard, stren GUIANA 181 uous labor, are colored men. After weeks, or it may be months of arduous pioneering and prospecting "in the bush," as it is called, a suitable tract of forest country is spotted on; the government is applied to for a grant, which is usually given on the payment of certain fees and the complying with sundry regulations, and everything being in order work is to be commenced; if the operator is able financially unassisted to start, he does so in a slightly advantageous position; if not, he has to take credit from one of the large export merchant houses (white) for which he has to pay well. Labor, skilled to a certain extent, is obtained under contract and registered, provisions and implements are bought from either the European or Portuguese business houses, on which goods a handsome profit is made; and now with a supply of punts, large and small, boats, winches, warps, sling-chains, cattle for hauling, etc., and all the necessary paraphernalia, fellers, squarers and other laborers, operations commence on the grant to prepare for export, let us say, 150 cubic feet of greenheart, the timber which is most in demand (there are dozens of others as good, and easily obtainable) ; the operator pays five to six cents per cubic foot for felling and squaring, about four to five cents for making timber paths, another four or five cents for hauling to the creeks, another five cents for loading the t r a n s p o rting crafts and superin tending, two cents royalty to the government (besides yearly license fees, etc.), costing altogether on the average from twenty to twenty-four cents per foot to put on the loading beach; the operator gets from the merchant-shipper from twenty-six to thirty cents, and he in turn nets from eighty cents to one dollar and twenty cents and so gets rich both from the profits made off the foodstuffs and implements supplied, as well as on the results of the colored man, who has had to barter his energy for a very meagre price. Lucrative trade can certainly be done in gold, diamonds, sugar and rum, especially by assisting the small peasant farmers with the latter, also in rice, balata, timbers and woods of various kinds, logwood and other products. A white reputed million-dollar American concern has recently started in operations on lands in the Berbice river in the scientific cultivation and preparation of corn and peas, and also in saw-milling—the labor through which all the profits will be made is colored; if the capital too were also colored men's how much, better it would be! Granted the chance of a helping hand with money, and with the unification of the colored race here, if not of the whole at first, of even only a strong and intelligent nucleus, our race can and will be uplifted and become successful and strong. Won't you help this cause? A NATIVE WOMAN OF DUTCH GUIANA The Looking Glass LITERATURE Mr. Vachel Lindsay knows two things, and two things only, about Negroes: The beautiful rhythm of their music and the ugly side of their drunkards and outcasts. From this poverty of material he tries now and then to make a contribution to Negro literature. It goes without saying that he only partially succeeds. His "Booker Washington Trilogy," published in Poetry, shows his defects as well as his genius. The first part is a Negro sermon on "Simon Legree," ending: "They are playing poker and taking naps, And old Legree is fat and fine; He eats the fire, he drinks the wine— Blood and burning turpentine— Down, down with the Devil." The second part is "John Brown": "I've been to Palestine. What did you see in Palestine? Old John Brown, Old John Brown. And there he sits To judge the world. His hunting-dogs At his feet are curled. His eyes half-closed, But John Brown sees The ends of the earth, The Day of Doom. And his shotgun lies Across his knees— Old John Brown, Old John Brown." The last of the Trilogy, "King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba," rises to a weird beauty: "King Solomon he kept the Sabbath holy, And spoke with tongues in prophet-words so mighty— We stamped and whirled and wept and shouted, 'Glory!' We were his people." Mr. Lindsay explains: "Ideas are raging through the brains of even the duskiest of the Negro leaders, and one can handle for such an audience almost any large thought he thinks he understands. He can put it into Negro poetry, I maintain, if he is man enough, and still have it Negro poetry. But he must keep his manner bright-colored, full-throated, relaxed and tropical. By manner I do not mean dialect. There are innumerable Pullman porters who speak English in a close approach to the white man's way. But their thoughts and fancies are still straight from the jungle." All of which is well meant, but some of it is nonsense. Mr. Lindsay knows little of the Negro, and that little is dangerous. The Stylus Magazine, to be published occasionally at Howard University, seeks to encourage short story writing and poetry. The poems of Otto Bohanan seem to be the only notable contributions: "0 still and faint let be thy footstep's fall; Nor 'rouse again my slumberous silent songs, Lest mute upstarted voices shake the pall With pulsing paeans of uncovered wrongs. "The broken beauty of my splendid note, Dark-clotted with the ravished blood of me, Lay on my lips—and one wild song shall float! Borne on the winds that sweep my soul from thee." Mr. Sol T. Plaatje, editor of a native paper in Kimberley, South Africa, has issued through P. S. King &amp; Son, London, and through the C risis in New York, "Native Life in South Africa." The book is a detailed explanation of the disabilities suffered by natives under the Union of South Africa. It is a most stirring narrative. "When a man comes to you with stories about a 'growing spirit of justice in South Africa,' ask him if he knows that in 1884 there was a great debate in the Cape Parliament as to whether natives should be permitted to exercise the franchise, and that the ayes had it. Ask him, further, if he thinks that such a proposal could ever be entertained today by any South African Parliament. If he is honest, he will be bound to say, 'No.' Then ask him, 'Where is your growing spirit of justice?' " 182 The third quarterly number of the Journal of Negro History contains articles on "Colored Freedmen as Slave Owners in Virginia," "The Fugitives of the Pearl," an interesting fugitive slave adventure, "Lorenzo Dow" and "The Attitude of the Free Negro Toward African Colonization." Papers in the Atlantic Monthly and other magazines on missionary life in West Africa have been issued as a book, "Black Sheep," by Jean K. Mackenzie (Houghton-Mifflin Co.) CLOUDS MR. RAY STANNARD BAKER, writ ing in the World's Work, notes six causes of unrest today among colored people, namely: (1) The enmity of the Democratic administration at Washington. (2) The changed sentiment of the North. (3) Increasing discrimination. (4) Poor educational facilities. (5) Lynching and injustice. (6) Racial slander. He continues : "Ten years ago the optimistic, constructive, educational program of Booker T. Washington, the emphasis of which was upon duties rather than upon rights, was the dominant movement in the race and had, likewise, the support of the wisest white men, both South and North. It is still, probably, the best influence among the masses of the colored people and still has the support of leading white people. But in one sense it has been too successful. When it started it was thought by many Southern people that its purpose was to produce a kind of super-servant; but it has, instead, turned out independent, upstanding, intelligent men and women who have acquired property, and have come thus into sharper competition with the whites. "The influence within the race—I am speaking here of Negro public opinion— which is now growing most rapidly is no longer what may be called the Tuskegee movement, valuable as that continues to be, but it is the movement toward agitative organization—the emphasis upon rights rather than upon duties. Ten years ago, this movement was inchoate and confined largely to a few leaders like Dr. Du Bois; today the chief organization, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, has a wide membership throughout the country, with many branches, and includes a large proportion of the leading men of the race. It is also supported by a few Northern white men and women. This Association maintains a strong publication called THE CKISIS, which has the largest circulation of any journal devoted to the interests of the colored people—and has employed men to appear before Congressional and State legislative committees in racial matters. "The utterances of these leaders, like the editorials of the Negro press—and few white people realize that there are more than four hundred and fifty newspapers and other publications in America devoted exclusively to the interests of colored people, nearly all edited by Negroes—have shown an increasing impatience and boldness of tone. The utter ignorance of the great mass of white Americans as to what is really going on among the colored people of the country is appalling—and dangerous. We forget that there are 10,000,000 of them, one-tenth of our population, and that their strides toward racial self-consciousness in the last twenty years have been marvelous. We have known next to nothing about their constructive development, and have not wanted to know; we have preferred to consider the Negro and all his affairs as beneath notice. ' "Such, then, are the influences that are making for unrest and upheaval, and there is no denying their significance or their power." BLACK SOLDIERS AMERICAN newspapers have been al most hysterical over the thought that colored soldiers were valiantly removing their Mexican chestnuts from the fire. "Fearless, faithful, efficient defenders of their country's flag," cries the Cleveland Plaindealer. "Hard fighters and brave men," says the Cleveland Leader. The Syracuse, N. Y., Post Standard "cannot speak too highly of their courage." The Boston Post says that the Tenth Cavalry "sustained the fine reputation men of their color long since won as fighters of stout heart and superb bravery." "Splendid in every respect," says the Milwaukee Free Press. The Boston Traveler says of Carrizal: "The graphic story of this one-sided fight, brought back to us by one of its few survivors, Capt. Morey, will become one of our patriotic classics. Schoolboys of coming generations will read how the troopers faced certain death with smiles on their lips; that they joked with one another, and burst into song as they fought their last fight against overwhelming odds." With all this there are some curious notes and echoes. Fourteen of the Brownsville soldiers kicked out of the army by President Roosevelt without proven cause, have been restored to rank with back pay. The New York Sun says: "The truth about the Brownsville raid will never be known, although there were two investigations, one by a military court and the other by Congress, the latter dragging on for more than a year. It was after the first investigation that the battalion was summarily discharged, although most of the men who suffered could have had no hand in 'shooting up' Brownsville. Some of them knew nothing about it, and others sinned by silence. The number of soldiers actually guilty of the atrocity must have been small. "Congress came at last to the relief of the helpless innocent by adopting a resolution directing the President to appoint a board of army officers to make what was practically a third investigation. * * * "These officers were convinced that fourteen of the old soldiers had nothing to do with the notorious raid, either as principals or accessories. "And so their dishonorable discharge was struck from the record, and they resumed their rank and places in the army as if the intervening years of stigma had been wiped out." Harry Cummings, the colored councilman of Baltimore, offers fifty thousand colored soldiers from Maryland to the Governor, but W. Ashbie Hawkins, replying in the Baltimore American, denies Mr. Cumming's right to speak for colored Maryland, and says: "When respectable colored men in this city have difficulty in purchasing or renting homes for themselves and families simply because they are colored, they cannot easily be persuaded to fight to maintain such a condition. It may be wise and prudent to appear thus always ready to cheer for the Stars and Stripes; to simulate a patriotic devotion to land and nation, to affect a readiness to serve and to die for one's coun try, but ro man, white or black, can love a CRISIS city, a state or a nation that restrains and hampers his activities on every hand, and that indorses and perpetuates race friction by class legislation." It is this kind of thing that makes the Columbus, O., Evening Dispatch purse its grandmotherly lips and give this impudent advice: "Carrizal is fine, but the only thing sinister about the whole incident is the use that may be made of it in resentment by men of their own color at home because the prejudice exists. These troopers have some of them given their lives to remove the prejudice, but Negroes at home are simply serving to strengthen it again. The latter should know that prejudice is not a thing to be driven; it is rather, a thing to be removed by showing the unreasonableness of it. Until the surviving troopers complain because they had to fight and to suffer, the others should not lift their voices in lamentation. The leaven will work best in silence." The Watertown, N. Y., Times is much more explicit and less hypocritical. "It seems a pity," says the frank editor, "to waste good white men in battle with such a foe. The cost of sacrifice would be more nearly equalized were the job assigned to Negro troops. ******* "An army of a million could probably be easily recruited from the Negroes of this country without drawing much from its industrial strength or commercial life. It is certainly foolish that this great reserve of good soldier material has not been drawn upon and that Congress has not provided that it should be. It is a case where preju dice has stood in the way of the welfare of the nation. ******** "If it comes to a real war we will be sacrificing white blood where Negro blood would, under the conditions, be a more fitting sacrifice, and drawing our skilled labor when unskilled labor was available." The name of the delightful old scound rel who wrote the above is Willard D. Mc- Kinstrey. We raise our hats to Willard as the most honest of his fellows. The Macon, Ga., Daily Telegraph backs up this idea: "That many potentially fit and able- bodied Negroes of youth can be taken from the Southern States to make up the short age without interfering with the labor mar ket except to clean it out and better it, while these men, white officered, both commissioned and non-commissioned, can be made into first-class soldiers—for Mexican service. "There are objections to the idea, serious and worthy objections, but objections reflecting conditions that can possibly be met and minimized by careful planning beforehand and taking stock of the situation with a view to minimizing them." The Nation asks: "What are these soldiers to say to the news from Waco, as they are told that they must risk their lives to destroy those of the Mexican bandits? What are they to say when they learn that Congress, while increasing the army by more than 100%, is not providing for a single additional colored regiment, and the War department holds that it cannot designate one to be composed of colored soldiers without congressional authority? They know that the four colored regiments are filled to overflowing; that they are the easiest regiments to recruit; that the effort to recruit white soldiers is almost a failure; that their record as soldiers proves them to be of the best material the United States has. What are they to think of all of this, and of the fact that the South's opposition to a federal volunteer army is in part due to its refusal to permit colored men to serve in the militia?" Listen, finally to the Augusta, Ga., Chronicle replying to one who prefers to have Negroes fight for "their" country: "In the first place, we ought to be just— even to the Negroes. In fact, a white man can afford to be even more than just toward the Negro, for the latter rests under a certain natural handicap that should, and nearly always does, secure for him the 'benefit of the doubt,' so to speak. "But, in this instance, it is only neces sary—in order to be entirely just to the Negro—to merely state and face the facts. "There are no Negro military companies in the South volunteering for service in Mexico simply because—there are no Negro military companies in the South. And there are no Negro military companies in the South, simply because—the white people of the South have distinctly discouraged the existence of such organizations. We have, in fact, put a ban upon them. * * * * "But, as for that matter, let's face the facts still a little further. On the very day that the above communication was written Negro troopers—members of the Tenth Cavalry—were the first American soldiers to lose their lives in Mexico since the call to arms was issued. And these were members of the same regiment that 'saved Roosevelt and his Rough Riders at San Juan Hill.' It is conceding nothing at all to be absolutely fair toward the Negro. In fact we owe it to ourselves, as the superior race, to be scrupulously so." Doesn't it take a wonderful amount of hemming and hawing and apologetic clearing of the throat to enable the mountainous "Superior Race" to emit a very obvious and mouselike bit of truth? MOTON THE colored world is loath to believe the truth of this message as reported by the New York Sun: "Major Moton, Booker Washington's successor at Tuskegee, showed his quality, first, when he advised his wife not to travel in a Pullman car in a Jim Crow country, and secondly, when after she was put out of the car he declared that, so far from cherishing resentment, he respected the feeling of the objectors to Mrs. Moton's presence." The Richmond, Va., Planet is perplexed: "We do not just understand the position of President Moton in the matter. If he has shown a disposition to condone the out rage, then so far as the public is con cerned the matter ends. But we cannot believe that he has willingly done so. There is no other course to pursue than to con tinue to contend for rights denied, even though we are rebuked and disappointed in so doing. No question is ever settled until it is settled right." The Cincinnati, O., Union is angry: "If the above is true, then Major Moton will rise to fame and fortune, as did his il lustrious predecessor. Crooking the preg nant hinges of the knee that thrift may fol low fawning, brings wealth from the great masses of white people all right, but it also brings a vast amount of contempt. There is so much bowing, cringing and nauseating servility shown by some of our people, is it any wonder that even the twenty-fifth class of white people feel that they are the Lord's anointed, and therefore vastly superior to all colored people?" The Brooklyn Eagle takes .the usual "Copper-head" view: "To see things in the proper perspective is the highest development of human intelligence. Major Moton, like the late Booker T. Washington, has experienced this development. He was wise in advising his wife and brother not to take a Pullman while traveling through the South. They were unwise in doing otherwise, and perhaps they will be more unwise if they insist on a legal test of their rights. A lawsuit on this issue would do infinite harm to Tuskegee, notwithstanding the sense and sanity of Major Robert Moton." As a matter of fact, the late Mr. Washington always rode on Pullman cars, and indeed for many years, if not up until the day of his death, held a pass from the Pullman company. And yet, the extraordinary Southern editor of the Morning Telegraph, New York City, presumes to talk like this: "For nearly twenty years Booker T. Washington lived among the white people of Alabama without antagonizing them. Their traditions, their whole social system, forbade anything like intimacy with the Negro educator, but he commanded their respect. He realized that a people, like an individual, are a social law unto themselves, and that statutory enactments are but a crystallization of community sentiment. He never would have thought of demanding social recognition from his neighbors, and, realizing that the whites were a predominating influence, he did not antagonize any of the laws which on their face are oppressive. It was his mission to educate the black and raise him to a plane which may, perhaps, in the course of time, render all discriminatory regulation useless. He was willing to sacrifice his personal comfort, and even his personal pride, for the larger things of the future. And Washington's memory is cherished not only by his race, but by thousands of white men and women." Certainly! And this despite the fact that he dined with the President, and was entertained by white men and women all over the North and in Europe. The editor continues : "Major Moton, the full-blooded Negro who succeeded Washington, seems to be of a different type. He has been a resident of Alabama less than a year, and he is already, through members of his family, defying the laws of the commonwealth." They did nothing of the sort. There is no law in Alabama that forbids- interstate passengers from using Pullman cars, and there can be no such law. The Southern papers, which assumed the correctness of Mr. Moton's alleged statement, are complacent. "Major Moton," says the Charlotte, N. &amp;., Observer, "stands the test. It seems that Major Moton had advised his wife and brother against taking a Pullman in the Jim Crow territory, but they were influenced by other counsel and were involved in a disagreeable experience. Major Moton advised that he was born in the South and always respected Southern traditions, and that was all he had to say about it. His attitude in the matter wins him the additional respect of the Southern people and is a guarantee that the fortunes of Tuskegee are safe in his hands." Northern copperheads, like the New Haven Register, are also "reassured." It says that the South fears the educated Negro: "What will reassure the South is the educated Negro who gets far enough to grasp the situation somewhat from the white man's point of view. Major Moton seems to do that. His rights? Yes, he does waive those, in a sense. But the result of his waiver will be greater rights, and their recognition. Only concession on both sides can solve this race problem, and it will be a great gain for him if the Negro takes the first step. It is very probable that the position of Major Moton is in advance of that of many of his brothers." Other Northern papers, like the Chicago Evening Post, are more decent: "Major Moton is quoted as saying that he bears no resentment against anyone for the treatment accorded his wife. If he were an American he would resent it hotly and the railroad would pay damages. As an Afro-American, he dare not resent it—the law and the sentiment of Alabama are against him. As an Afro-American, he may not act on the impulse of self-respect and chivalry; he must cringe and submit." Meantime, the facts of the case seem to be pretty clearly established. Mrs. Moton has ridden on Pullman cars and so has her husband and so did Mr. Washington. In this particular case Major Moton arranged for his wife's transportation. After the difficulty an alleged interview with Major Moton was sent out without his knowledge, but with the very cordial knowledge and consent of his white Tuskegee friends. What was he to do? We think he should have denied the interview then and there. Most colored editors seem to agree with us. The colored Birmingham, Ala., Reporter calls his silence "a serious blunder." Only the Baltimore Afro-American defends Major Moton's attitude: "Enemies of Major Moton were of the opinion that they had him in the position where he must choose between the two supports, bofch of which were indispensable. "Doubtless these same enemies regarded it as a triumph when it was reported that Major Moton was in full sympathy with the feeling of the South and has never in any way desired to override public opinion in the matter of racial relations. But if these unsigned and unquoted statements are taken as evidence that Tuskegee's new principal is a traitor to h:s own people, it will not succeed in estranging those people. If certain exigencies demand that R. R. Moton, as principal of Tuskegee, make certain statements for the benefit of the institution he serves, we need no assurances where R. R. Moton, the man, stands on the same proposition." POLITICS THE CRISIS seems to be getting on the nerves of Colonel James Calloway, who earns his living by writing for the Macon, Ga., Telegraph. We have been honored recently by considerable notice from this gent'.eman, of which the following is a specimen: "An article appeared \v the Telegraph some weeks since signed 'A Southern Woman.' She claimed to be born in Bibb county. The article was the one in which she 'thanked God for Lincoln,' and the article held up the South to the scorn of the world. "Du Bois, the Negro editor of the CRISIS, a paper full of malignity against Southern whites, especially in Georgia, as he used to live in Atlanta, and was not allowed his Negro propaganda, as in New York, praises this 'Southern woman' and 'thanks God' as heartily for her, as she 'thanked God' for Lincoln. The CRISIS reproduces the article signed 'A Southern Woman.' * * * * "Du Bois is an astute politician. He knows that giving the ballot to Negro women will revive the fifteenth amendment, and he rejoices in the activity of the National Suffrage Association in winning Southern suffragettes to their cause. "The CRISIS rights everything Southern. It, like Alice Paul, wants a political and social revolution in the Southern States. Its leading editorial in the June number is to show that the 'National Association for the Advancement of Colored People' is taking active stand against segregation. The CRISIS is very aggressive and is laboring hard for equal suffrage so as to increase the Negro vote. He applauds the article by 'A Southern Woman,' claiming to be a daughter of a Confederate soldier." The labor unions of Savannah, Ga., are angry with their Mayor: "Whereas, It has appeared from authentic accounts of the speech of Mayor W. J. Pierpont, of Savannah, at Jacksonville, on Wednesday, January 19, 1916, at the Mayors' Association, that he advocated the employment of Negro labor upon city streets, that he stated that mechanics are indispensable in the building of our cities and in the operation of our factories, and an industrial school for colored youths should be an adjunct of every Southern city. It should teach every trade to Negroes. And "Whereas, In his factory at Savannah, Ga., Mr. Pierpont largely employs Negro labor to the exclusion of white men and white engineers and mechanics. Therefore be it "Resolved, By the Savannah Trades and Labor Assembly that these public utterances by the Mayor of Savannah are inimical to the interests of organized labor in Savannah; that the example he has set in his own factories is not conducive to the advancement of white labor in this community." The two clippings which follow do not seem to agree, but what difference does that make "among friends." The Greensboro, N. C, News says of the Chicago convention : "There are more Negro delegates and alternates at this convention than was ever seen at previous gatherings of this kind. * * * These generally can be1 seen strutting about the most fashionable hotels in the city, smoking cigars, elbowing their way through crowds of white women and in many instances with their arms around the necks of white Republican delegates. It is a sight that has seldom been witnessed by Southern men and one that they prefer not to see again." The New York World says: "In the convention that is soon to assemble in Chicago, fewer than twenty-five Negroes will claim membership, and the seats of many of these are contested. They belong to delegations reduced by the authority of the Republican party itself. The states and race which they undertake to represent are discriminated against in the grand council of republicanism as sharply as by various devices in the election laws of some Southern commonwealths the whites have reduced the colored vote and two constitutional amendments to a nullity." GLASS HOUSES For a number of years a persistent on*- slaught has been made by white Southern physicians on the Negro race. The Medical Review of Reviews thinks this sort of thing has gone too far. "The other day a Southern city waa investigated. This Baltimore Vice Commission should be of special interest to us, for among its personnel were medical men from Johns Hopkins University: Howell, the professor of physiology; Finney, clinical professor of surgery; and George Walker, associate in surgery—the director of the investigation and writer of the report. This Red-light Report tells of well-to-do and prominent men, with wives and families, systematically pursuing and preying upon the females in their offices, using every possible means, fair and far from fair, to induce these young girls to enter into immoral relations with them; it tells of many unprotected women who resist temptation at first, only to succumb at the end to the persistent wiles of men who are their social and intellectual superiors; it tells of a host of employers who admit they will not employ girls who are too moral; it tells a tale of lust and sexual deceit and whoredom among the most reputable Baltimoreans—it lifts the cover from a never-ceasing cauldron of sensuality and seduction. Baltimore is a city taken in adultery. Yet there is no reason to suppose that Babylon-Baltimore is worse than other places—the twelve hundred pages of this Report are a transcript of the white man's sexual life anywhere: a record which should prevent him from criticising other races. "Before the Emancipation Proclamation, the Southern gentleman came into intimate contact with the Negroes. As a baby he nursed at the bosom of the 'black mammy,' and when, he grew up, he had intercourse with these women. It mattered not whether she was of tender years or already a wife and mother; wherever he met one of his bondwomen, in the fields or in a cabin, if he wanted her, she was forced to submit. The sexual crimes of the black race against the white, are as nothing when compared to the sexual crimes of the white race against the black; Negroes have raped white women retail, but the white man has raped the colored woman wholesale. . . . "Let him [i. e., the Negro] remember with a flush of pride that wherever the spirit of fraternity has let down the bars of prejudice, his race has stepped in and taken its place with those who march onward and forward. But we regret to say that the American medical man has done nothing to destroy the barriers of bias. The profession has not yet learned the noble words of the Fugitive Poet: " 'There are no creeds to be outlawed, no colors of skin debarred; Mankind is one in its rights and wrongs, one faith, one hope and one guard.' "There is a shameful chapter in the history of American medicine, and it is headed: The Negro." LYNCHING THE Waco, Tex., horror has brought the usual amount of helpless talk. The San Francisco, Cal., Bulletin says: "A description of life in the United States which omitted lynching would be incomplete. Lynching is an American institution. If immigrants were thoroughly Americanized they would be taught to take part in lynchings and to justify them. The burning of the Negro murderer at Waco, Tex., yesterday, was an unusually shocking instance, but even burnings and torturings are not rare. The South, is the worst offender, but there have been lynchings in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and other Northern states, and it has not always been race prejudice which caused them. At times they seem to come from pure bestiality on the part of the lynchers. "The strangest delusion in connection with lynching is that it is the victim who suffers most. In reality it is the community that is lynched. Waco did more than burn a Negro; she burned her own courage, decency and character, outraged the imaginations of her young people, and smeared a foul disgrace across her civic life. When such things can happen in an American community we have no call to civilize Mexico. Civilization is, at least, as safe in Mexico as it is in Waco, Tex." The Houston, Tex., Chronicle says: "There isn't a man who participated in the burning of that Negro who dares to confess it before Governor James E. Ferguson. "There isn't a man who participated in it who dares tell Woodrow Wilson that he did. "There isn't a man that participated in it who dares get upon a public platform in any of the ten largest cities of this state and say so. "That is how bad it is. "It is so bad that thousands must lie. "It is so bad that silence must be maintained even though that silence amount to perjury. "And what will it do to offset this secret creeping evil? "What will it accomplish that a legal execution wouldn't have accomplished? "What has brutal punishment ever ac complished? "The report of this occurrence will go round the world. It is too unusual, too much out of the ordinary, too unbelievable, to be suppressed. "It can hardly be duplicated in any civil ized nation during the past fifty years. "When has England had a burning even in the most barbarous of her colonial pos sessions? "When has France, when has Germany, when has Russia, when has Japan? "Go to the records, you who think this is a commonplace event; you who can not understand why people are horrified. Go to the records and see how many similar events have occurred in modern times. "Go to the records and see how many instances you can find where a human be ing, white, black, yellow, red or any other color, has been burned in the public square of a city of 40,000 people, while a vast con course of men, women and children looked on, and where there was no power, no sen timent, capable of making an effective pro test. "Remember, this was not in the dead of night; not a secretly planned affair; not an assault on an unprepared jail. It was in the daytime, in the court house, in open and deliberate defiance of law and order. "Let us not become worried over the delinquencies of others so long as such things can take place within our midst." B. NATHANIEL DETT HARRY A. WILLIAMS FOED T. DABNEY Men of the Month THREE MUSICIANS tra and taking charge in 1911 of the Vocal MR. R. NATHANIEL DETT is in charge of vocal music at Hampton Institute. He is a young pianist of ability and a promising composer whose work has already commanded the attention of musical critics. His "Listen to the Lambs" is especially well known and he has written a number of other works. He was born in Canada and was graduated from the Oberiin Conservatory of Music in 1908 and has taught in Lane College and Lincoln Institute. * # * Mr. Harry A. Williams is not only an accompanist of unusual ability but also the possessor of a fine tenor voice which brought him the position of soloist in St. PauFs Episcopal Church, Cleveland, 0., for three years before he went abroad to study. In Paris he was one year with Delia Sedie and two years with SbrigTa, famous for his training of the celebrated Jean de Reske. While in Paris Mr. Williams frequently sang in concerts, and later in London. There as the protege of Denza, with whom he lived for several years, he taught singing at the Academy of Music, of which Denza and Tosti were two of the directors. On his return from abroad he taught singing in Cleveland, then later in Washington, organizing the Washington Concert Orches-Department of the Washington Conservatory. He is now engaged in vocal instruction in New York. * * * Ford T. Dabney was born in Washington, D. C, in 1883 and received his musical education under Charles Donch, W. Waldecker and S. Fabin of Washington. He was for three years court pianist to the President of Haiti and is the first colored man to lead on orchestra on Broadway in New York. At present Dabney's Syncopated Orchestra furnishes the music for Ziegfeld's "Midnight Frolic" on the roof of the New Amsterdam Theatre. A CHEMIST ST. ELMO BRADY was born in Louis^ ville, Ky., and educated at Fisk, where he received his A. B. in 1908. In 1913 he entered the University of Illinois, making a specialty of chemistry. He received his Master's degree in 1914, was a Fellow from 1914 to 1916 and received his Doctorate in Philosophy this year. He has published three papers in abstract with Dr. C. G. Derrick in Science and also papers in the Journal of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry in collaboration. He has read two papers before the American Chemical Society and is a member of the Phi Lambda ST. ELMO BEADY LORENZO HARRIS DR. J. E. DIBBLE 190 Upsilon, the National Chemical Society and of the Sigma Xi, a national scientific society. He is at present head of the division of science at Tuskegee Institute. AN ARTIST DURING the Philadelphia pageant the friends of Lorenzo Harris presented a large poster to the Committee-in-Chargc. They did this as a token of appreciation for a young man who has fought his way forward under unusual difficulties. He was born in Richmond, Va., in 1888 and won a scholarship at the Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia where he studied for three years. During this time he helped to support himself by modeling on the beach at Atlantic City. Mr. Harris had the misfortune to lose an arm in a street car accident but has nevertheless persevered with his work in illustration and cartooning. His cartoons have often appeared in the CRISIS. A PHYSICIAN DR. J. E. DIBBLE has been a well known physician in Kansas City, Mo., for more than a dozen years. In a recent examination for an assistant surgeon in the Philippine service, held throughout the United States, Dr. Dibble won first place in the State of Missouri and fifth place for the nation. The examination was not restricted by race or color and was taken by hundreds of physicians. Dr. Dibble is Chief Medical Inspector of the colored schools in Kansas City. The Outer Pocket CASEMENT Sir ROGER CASEMENT deserves the ^ lasting gratitude of the Negro race for having been the first British official to fearlessly expose the merciless atrocities of the Congo and bring about their cessation. Why not take the initiative among millions of grateful Negroes (some even now on battlefields in Europe defending Belgium) and request the British Ambassador to forward urgent plea for exercise of Royal clemency in favor of the benefactor of our race? ALONZO P. B. HOLLY, Miami, Fla. FROM NEW YORK WOULD you kindly send me a few copies of the Waco supplement of your current number? I am wounded and horrified beyond expression by the recital of that fiendish atrocity and want to give it the largest publicity I can. If you could send me copies of original photographs or clear proofs of cuts, I should like to send them to French and Italian dailies which, I am sure, would eagerly reproduce them. Texas has rehabilitated all war atrocities. ARTURO GIOVANNITTI. FROM SELMA, ALABAMA My brother was shot twice, one bullet A»X taking effect in his arm and the other in the back of his head, and I think they say that it either came through his forehead, or lodged somewhere in his jaw, as he tried to dodge. He lived only two1 hours after and could not utter a word after he was hurt. The physicians were not in the least hopeful and told uncle that there was only one chance in a thousand for him to live, but that they would do what they could. He died while they were operating. The white man who shot him had come from Marion, a place just about thirty miles from Selma. My brother was to deliver a package to him at the station. There is a law here that porters must not go on trains to deliver packages, they must not cross a certain line, but customers when leaving must go to the porters and call for their packages. But this one demanded that my brother should come on the train and hand him his package. My brother told him that he would not do so, as it was against the law. They continued to argue until it was nearly time for the train to go. Then he got off and wanted to get the package and not sign for it. My brother would not do that. The white man struck him and threw his knife at him twice. When he saw that brother was getting out of the way he began to fire his pistol. My brother had nothing with which to protect himself and was trying to get out of the way. It does seem that someone could have intercepted somehow, but I don't know. My brother ran as long as he could, or as far, and then fell. They say that it was done in about five minutes. It was terrible and sad. I had no idea that I would ever have been called home for anything like that, not for this brother anyhow, because he has never meddled or entertained a quarrel, not even when he has had cause to, and was of a most quiet disposition—perhaps too much so. The man is in jail and has not been out on bond, though there have been many attempts to do so. He had no witnesses at the preliminary trial. Sentiment of both races is against him. There were three eye-witnesses of the other race; two have testified against him and one has not been examined yet. But, of course, in cases like this where one of their race is concerned we do not depend on their sentiment. It is their show down when it comes to meting out justice. Many of them have expressed their sympathy in the case, but what does that amount to from them when one of their race has murdered my brother for nothing? FROM BOSTON I HAVE never subscribed for your paper, though you have been kind enough to send me several copies. I have taken pains to look them through carefully and was intending to write you about their spirit, which to me is extremely undesirable. The articles seem largely to consist of vituperation against white people for disrespect and harm done to colored people. If your idea is to stir up antagonism and dislike between the races this may be one way to do it, but it would appear an unfortunate plan on which to conduct what might be an interesting and instructive magazine. My mother, Mrs. S. Parkman Blake, and I, together with hundreds of other people North and South, have subscribed for years to Hampton, Tuskegee, Calhoun, Penn, Atlanta, Utica and innumerable smaller institutions for the colored people. We take the greatest interest in their fine progress and advancement. Mr. Washington's noble spirit and wise judgment permeates us all so much, and we might wish that the CRISIS would take a leaf from his book. (Miss) MARIAN L. BLAKE. FROM MEXICO THE first CRISIS that I have seen, and that not mine, gives an account of the Eaves lad of Iowa. The matter, coming as it did from the source that it did, was trivial in the extreme, and as a captain of this regiment said: "The boy's parents should have spanked him and put him to bed." But I believe that boy's act was the direct result of parental teaching in regard to the country and flag. This Eavesism has done us no good as a race, nor has it done the country at large any in this time of need of preparation for its defense. Two wrongs do not make a right. No man's country that I have seen is all that he wishes, but like every man's home and parents they may be humble, even mean and without advantage to him whatsoever, still they are his home, his parents—right or wrong, his. The old toast of the army and navy should be that of every true American today: "Our country may it ever be right, but right or wrong our country." If the Eavesists think or find no God in the flag they must remember that one-eighth part of it is theirs and of their own making. Let them by the charity, patience, good will and helpfulness that they expect from the other fellow (the white man) strive to make it right. The best soldiers of the Tenth Cavalry have bidden me say that they find God in the fold of the flag and delight to salute and protect it. They bid me say again that Eavesism does no good; that it cools our friends and heats our enemies. . . . CHARLES YOUNG, (Lieut. Colonel, U. S. A.) FROM A CHRISTIAN HOW far may we carry the matter of "policy"? I confess I have not been severe in criticizing those in ordinary business who feel called upon to choose their patrons, excluding those who are not so profitable, or who injure the trade, and catering to those who support their business. This man, who is naturally selfish, may argue on the ground of self-preservation; but shall the Christians carry these methods Into the church and into the practice of the Christian religion? If so, wherein is the Man of God different from the Man of the World? Our friends of the Millennium lay great stress on the teachings of Jesus; but does Jesus' record show that he was a slave to "policy"? Was it policy for him to eat with publicans and sinners, or to talk with the base woman at the well? Again, St. Paul was the greatest example of a righteous man the world ever knew. And we know Paul's record. We remember him at Salamis, at Mars Hill, and before Agrippa, and where-ever we see him he is no compromiser. And so, I believe, it is an injustice and a reflection on the cause of world Christianity for an organization of Christians to rule that the color line is necessary on the grounds of expediency. "They are slaves who dare not be In the right with two or three." FORD S. BLACK, Chicago, 111. FROM CHICAGO IF I were you I would refuse to admit that there is any Negro problem. I am not aware that there is one. There is a white man problem. It is the problem of how to get the white man to adopt a sane attitude to the colored man. I am not conscious of anything wrong with the Negro beyond the usual faults that afflict the rest of us. Are you? And the root of the white man's insanity is simply a cultivated aversion. In countries where there is no colored population you go about as freely and are as welcome as I am. In London it was in my club I met you. Here I have to be careful to remember that I must never, for his own sake, ask a colored friend to meet me at a' club, or indeed scarcely anywhere else. Now that is the whole trouble. The people who know least about colored humanity are those who live where there is a colored population. When white people give me a long list of Negro, or other colored people's vices, I always ask whether they speak from personal knowledge, and they answer with fine scorn that they do not, because they would never under any circumstances admit to coming in contact with them any more than they can help. Thus, although I have never been in India I have been told by Anglo-Indians who have been there for years, that I know more of the natives than they do, because I mixed with them in London and had them living with me. Now if we can only persuade plain men like myself to sit in a club and drink tea with colored people they will soon learn that there is a great deal of human nature about each other, and that color is only skin deep. So I thought of starting a club in London where people of all races might meet. The colored men to whom this would mostly have applied would have been East Indians, because they are, I think, by far the largest colored community there. There were difficulties in the way, however, and the outbreak of the war killed it. Now here, of course, I am new, and I don't feel in the way to start anything, but I have always felt it my duty to do all I could personally to bridge over the social barrier between the races. On Sunday I joined the Association for the Advancement of Colored People, but it does not seem to me to form much means for social intercourse, and that I consider the great need. Perhaps you yourself may not quite realize the difficulty of the position of a man like myself. If I am not discreet I may easily get into difficulties with the whites among whom I have to live without doing any good either to the Negroes or anyone else, and anyhow, I am apt to be misunderstood by both parties. It has sometimes happened that an Indian has thought I must have had some ulterior motive for showing an interest in him and I fear in the case of many white men his suspicions would have been well founded. I expect it will be the same with Negroes. I used to ask how could men live all their lives in a country with an alien race and yet know so little of them. Now I am asking myself how can I help. I shall soon have been here a year, yet I have made not a single Negro acquaintance. The only Negroes I meet are the men who black my shoes, transport my luggage, or serve me in some of the restaurants. There is no common meeting ground for us. I never see a Negro face in any society or club where I go, except it be that of a man in a menial capacity. I have talked to these men and been interested in some of them, but if I ask anybody where I can find educated and cultured Negroes I am generally told there aren't any. And if I take the bull by the horns and go to any Negro institution of any kind I fear that my action will not be understood by either Negroes or whites. The Horizon MILITARY Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia—in other MR- BAKER, the new Secretary of War, •" A has signalized his loyalty to Mr. Wilson by forbidding any enlistment of colored and white militiamen in the same regiment. Even colored cooks have been ordered discharged from the Pennsylvania regiments. G Charles Young, ranking colored officer on the active list in the United States Army, passed his examination successfully June 28 and was made Lieutenant-Colonel, July 1, 1916. He is serving under General Pershing "somewhere in Mexico." An interesting letter from Colonel Young appears on page 192. C The following bodies of colored militia were mobilized in the late Mexican scare: The Eighth Illinois Regiment, under Colonel Dennison; the First Separate Battalion of the District of Columbia under Major J. E. Walker; and the Ninth Ohio Colored Battalion. C Movements toward organizing Negro militia have been made in New York State, where one company has been mustered in under First Lieutenant V. W. Tandy; in Philadelphia, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Nebraska. Volunteer companies have been planned in Alabama and Tennessee. C The survivors of the fight at Carrizal, Mexico, were met at the National Bridge, El Paso, Tex., with bouquets of flowers and clothing. The bodies of their dead fellows were buried with military honors, each casket being draped with an American flag and their riderless horses walking behind. White and colored cavalrymen accompanied the bodies. C Mrs. A. B. Thorns, of the Lincoln Hospital in New York, is calling for seventy-five colored nurses to enroll under the Red Cross. They must be between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-five and be graduates of a registered training school. Volunteer hospital assistants, who are not trained nurses, are also wanted. EDUCATION THE poorest school systems in the United States, measured by expenditure of funds, are Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South words, the South. G There were enrolled in school last year 1,670,650 colored boys and girls, d Dr. J. H. Johnson has replaced Dr. C. W. Childs as one of the three colored members on the District of Columbia Board of Education. G Harold Joice, whose picture appears in this number, is a student of the M Street High School. He won first prize for a book cover design in the School Arts Magazine. C During the year 1913-14 the State of Georgia spent $2,825,588 on schools for the 1,431,812 whites and $492,906 on schools for 1,176,987 colored persons in the population. G In Philadelphia colored pupils of the Reynolds Public School triumphed over their white competitors in a city wide field day. The Reynolds girls won one hundred and eighty-three points in track and field events as compared with one hundred and sixty-eight points won by their nearest competitors. They were tied for third place in the mass drill competition. G Revised figures for Howard University give forty-nine Bachelors' degrees in the College of Arts and Sciences; twenty-nine Bachelors' degrees in the Teachers' College; seven graduates in Theology; twelve in Medicine; twenty-one in Dentistry; seventeen in Pharmacy and twenty-seven in Law. GMary N. Randolph, a fifteen-year-old colored girl of Los Angeles, Cal., spent last summer in conducting a short story hour Saturday afternoon among the children of her neighborhood. Thirty-one children attended. G G. C. Bell, of Knoxville College, Tenn., has won four consecutive triangular intercollegiate debates. G Miss Edna W. DePriest, a graduate of the Provident Hospital Training School, Chicago, stood first in a recent Illinois Civil Service examination for graduate nurses in State institutions. C Miss Annia L. McCary was the ranking student in the graduating class of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. She did her work in three years and received her degree Magna Cum Laude. C Gainesville, Fla., had in 1910, 6,183 inhabitants, of whom about half were colored 194 people. Just after the war Northern white people gave the colored people a block of land for school purposes and for a while helped them. Then the land was turned over to the colored people on the theory that the State would provide a school. E'or many years the State has provided a five months' school for colored people and an eight months' school for white people, paying the colored principal forty-five dollars a month and his assistants thirty dollars a month. The white principal gets one hundred and twenty-five dollars a month and his assistants sixty dollars and up. Recently a rich townsman, Mr. Thornton Springfellow, who owns land near the colored plot, decided that it would make his property more salable if the city acquired the colored property and moved the school further out toward the country. The colored trustees refused to assent to this, whereupon the County Superintendent, Dr. Kelly, abolished the colored school. As a consequence the colored people have had no public school during the year 1916. C Miss Bessie M. Garrison, a colored woman, has started Garrison Memorial Seminary as a private school to supply the needs of the Gainesville, Fla., people. She is well known to the leaders of the M. E. Church and may be communicated with through them. C. Mr. John M. Hodge, a graduate and Master of Arts from Indiana University and member of the Sigmi Xi, has been made principal of Sumner High School, Kansas City, Kan. Mr. Hodge is president of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. C More than five thousand people attended the first annual field day exhibition for colored pupils at Druid Hill Park, Baltimore, Md. Over a thousand children participated. C Twenty-nine pupils graduated from the Richmond, Va., Colored High School, and seventeen from the Normal Training class. This is the first year of the school under colored people. (I The pupils of the Lincoln School at Wheeling, W. Va., in a recent test, outranked the ten white schools in spelling. (T Elias Hochstadter several years ago left a fund to encourage the colored children of San Francisco to finish courses in school. In June, 1916, four high school graduates received cash prizes of forty dollars each and nineteen grammar school graduates prizes of twenty dollars each. C The Supreme Court of Kansas has decided that cities of the second class cannot establish separate colored schools in that State. C Miss Eleanor Pulpress is the first colored teacher to be appointed in the public schools of Pittsburgh, Pa. G The following colored students have won prizes recently: Miss Anna Coleman, in an essay contest, at Kewanee, 111.; George Lipscombe, in a Statewide oratorical contest at Freeport, 111.; Rebecca Smith and Dorothy Chapman, honorable mention among three thousand essayists in Toledo, O., and James A. Scott, of the University of Kansas, a second prize of seventy-five dollars in the annual literary contest. C There have been the following colored graduates of white high schools: Two among twenty-nine graduates at Red Bluff, Cal.; six in a class of one hundred and fifty-two at Springfield, O.; eighteen at the Harrisburg, Pa., high school, one of whom, Miss Catherine Lewis, was number six among the thirteen honor students; one at the Lincoln High School, Jersey City, and four in a class of two hundred and five at Dayton, O. Miss C. R. Higgins wrote the class song at Dayton. C Miss W. H. Tives, of the Shield High School, Chicago, delivered the farewell address to her seventy-six fellow graduates. C The Chicago Musical College graduated three colored students in harmony and composition, one in vocal music and two in piano. G Harvard University gave a degree of Master of Arts to C. H. Harper, of Michigan, and G. D. Houston, Professor of English in Howard University. C Cornell University sent out the following graduates from the College of Arts and Sciences: Messrs. Thomas H. Amos, Jr., of Harrisburg, Pa., and A. Chippey, of Wilmington, Del. The New York State College of Agriculture graduated Messrs. Moses Dorsey, of Binghamton, N. Y.; Dudley Johnson, of East Orange, N. J., and Percy Rayford, of Georgia. Mr. Harold B. Murray, of Washington, D. C , was graduated from the College of Mechanical Engineering. He is the first colored student to complete this course of the institution. C Miss D. L. Henderson graduated "with high distinction" at the Central High School at Detroit. Her sister, Miss L. L. Hender son, received the degree of Bachelor of Music at the Detroit Conservatory. Both are daughters of the Rev. J. M. Henderson of the A. M. E. Church. G In Philadelphia there were five colored graduates of the Normal School, sixteen graduates of the Girls' High School, and nine graduates of other high schools in the city. C At New York University F. W. Morton received the degree of Doctor of Law and P. B. Billups the degree of Bachelor of Law. G Otto Gillespie won the first prize of twenty-five dollars at the Evanston, 111., Academy for oratory. G Benedict College, Columbia, S. C, graduated nine Bachelors of Arts, forty-seven High School students and five in the Ministers' course. G The Fisk Herald, the oldest monthly magazine among colored people, has suspended publication. The Herald was established by students of Fisk University in 1883 and has lived thirty-three years. Finally, because of the inability of the present students to keep the publication out of debt, it has been suspended. MUSIC AND ART THE "Booklovers," a study club com -•• posed of progressive and cultured colored women of St. Louis, Mo., have recently closed a very successful course of public lectures. The annual open meeting, given in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium, was an entertainment in the form of "Living Pictures," in which were produced twenty-six subjects from the old masters, with Sargent's "Carmencita" and Tanner's "Two Disciples at the Tomb" as representatives of modern painters. G Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, and Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, of Boston, Mass., with Mr. William F. Lawrence, accompanist, are at present engaged in a Chautauqua tour of ten weeks that includes the States of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, New York, Connecticut and Massachusetts. G Mrs. Florentine Frances Pinkston, of Omaha, Neb., was a graduate in piano in the class of 1916 from the New England Conservatory of Music. Mrs. Pinkston will continue advanced study next season under Alfred De Voto. G Mr. John F. Ransom, of Boston, Mass., formerly an instructor in the Ohio State University and Otterbein College, has writ CRISIS ten an anthem, "I Come to Thee," which was sung in June by the noted Lotus Male Quartet at the Sunday services of Tremont Temple Baptist Church and at other large churches in Boston. C Among the successful pupils' recitals given in June were those of Miss Georgine Glover, pianist; Mr. Clarence Cameron White, violinist; Mr. J. Shelton Pollen, pianist, of Boston, Mass., and Miss Jessie Muse, soprano, of New Haven, Conn. C Miss Grace A. Hall, the young daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Hall, of Boston, Mass., a pupil of the Henry Pierce School, has won a scholarship to the Museum of Fine Arts. Miss Hall is one of twenty-five pupils so awarded from the public schools of Boston. C James. K. Hackett, the actor, proposes to give a benefit at the Century Theatre, New York, for the families of soldiers killed in Mexico. C The annual Paul Lawrence Dunbar Me morial meeting was held in Chicago under the direction of J. N. Avendorph. Dr. Charles E. Bentley was the speaker. C The "All-Negro" play by Laurence Eyre, which William Harris, Jr., recently announced for production, has been named "Sazus Matazus." The play is a comedy in three acts and every member of the cast will appear in "blackface." Among those already engaged are Suzanne Willia, Mildred Morris, John Webster, Dan Collyer, Harry Cowley, Bernard Thornton, Robert Smith, Francis J. Gillen, Dorothy Lewis and James Gardner. The premiere took place in Atlantic City on June 26. MEETINGS ORGANIZATIONS of colored people have met as follows: In May the Grand Lodge of Florida Knights of Pythias at Daytona. During June the North Carolina Medical, Pharmaceutical and Dental Association at Wilson, N. C.; the North Carolina Teachers' Association at Greensboro; Colored Undertakers, Rocky Mount, N. C ; the State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, Columbia, S. C.; Colored Women's Clubs at Colorado Springs, Colo.; Colored Episcopalians of South Carolina at Aiken; Arkansas Baptist Sunday School Convention, Little Rock; Illinois State Negro Business League, Danville, 111.; Convention of the Colored Residents of Wisconsin at Oshkosh; Congregationalists of New England and vicinity at Brooklyn, N. Y. ; Sunday School Congress at Vicksburg, Miss., and Memphis, Tenn. During July the Owensboro, Ky., Negro Chautauqua; Knights of Pythias at Albany, Ga.; State Business League and the Texas Negro Press Association at Dallas, Tex.; Grand Lodge of Masons of Georgia at Americus; Texas Federation of Colored Women's Clubs at Greenville; Negro Physicians, Dentists and Druggists of New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, Massachusetts and the District of Columbia in Philadelphia; St. John's Encampment at Austin, Tex.; Tri-State Dental Association of the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia at Buckroe Beach, Va. The following meetings will be held during August: Pennsylvania State Federation of Negro Women's Clubs at Chester; National Association of Colored Women, Baltimore, Md.; National Negro Business League, Kansas City, Mo.; Young People's Congress, A. M. E. Church, Nashville, Tenn. In Sept-ember the following meetings will be held: The Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows at Washington, D. C ; the National Congress of Negro Fraternities, Little Rock, Ark. INDUSTRY SINCE February, 1916, more than eight hundred colored laborers have left Cairo, 111., for employment in the North. C Isaac B. Butler, one of the oldest colored citizens of Savannah, Ga., and a former slave, died recently at the age of eighty. He left an estate of $44,000 to his children and grandchildren. C The will of the late Horace Haverstick bequeaths three thousand dollars to St. Joseph's Seminary at Baltimore, Md;, and one thousand dollars to the Magdalene Society for Colored Girls at German town, Pa. (I There are 294 Pullman porters who have been in the service of the company fifteen years; 223, twenty years; 115, twenty-five years; 53, thirty years; 19, thirty-five years; 6, forty years, and 2 forty-five years. These last two are Julius Chambers of New York City, and J. B. Newsome of Chicago. The wages of the fifteen year porters have been raised 5 per cent beginning July 1, and the others received a 2% per cent additional increase for each five years of service. As the porters get ridiculously low wages this increase amounts to very little. C Negro building contractors in Philadelphia have handled $150,000 in contracts during the last two years. d Twenty-three colored persons of Woburn, Mass., have organized a co-operative company. d Until recently no colored skilled mechanics were employed at Juneau, Alaska; now there are eight of them at work. C Mr. G. W. Walker, of Stafford County, Kan., owns 480 acres of land in that county and 320 in a neighboring county. He has sold over 1,000 bushels of peaches in one year. His farm is entirely free from debt and he is giving his children high school and college educations. (I The Hellenic Chemical and Color Company has recently been incorporated in New York City. Mr. R. M. Williams, its manager, has within six months built up a business of over $2,000 a month. SOCIAL UPLIFT rT ",HE colored Carnegie Library at Hous ton, Tex., reports a circulation of 10,402 books during the last year. C Sol Butler, the colored track star, won five first places and one second at Dubuque, Iowa. (I J. E. Waddell, a white conductor on the Great Northern Railway, has won a prize for rescuing a little colored girl at the risk of his own life. C A Public Welfare League, composed of white and colored people, has been organized in Nashville, Tenn., as a result of cooperation between the races after the recent fire. (I The Federated Colored Women's Clubs of Arkansas are agitating for a Juvenile Reformatory. C A colored hospital has been founded in Cairo, 111., by a colored woman's club. They have a building worth $5,000. C President R. R. Wright, of the Georgia State Colored College, has started a movement for an orphanage and rescue home in Savannah. (I Twenty-five Branches of the N. A. A. C. P. responded to the appeal sent out by national headquarters April 26 for funds to carry through the Louisville segregation case which will be re-argued before the full bench of the United States Supreme Court in the fall. Subscriptions received up to July 4 aggregated $698.36, as follows: Washington, $201; Pittsburgh, $50; St. Paul, $50; Chicago, $40; Columbus, $35; Cleveland, $30.16; Newark, $25.25; Northern California, $25; Denver, $25; Boston, $25; Harrisburg, $21.95; Wilmington, $20; Cincinnati, $20; Key West, $15; Baltimore, $15; Des Moines, $10; Albuquerque, $10; Toledo, $10; Dayton, $10; Orange, $10; Seattle, $10; Kansas City, Mo., $10; Jacksonville, $10; Buffalo,'$10; Springfield, O., $10. PERSONAL THE degree of Doctor of Laws has been conferred upon Principal Moton of Tuskegee by Oberlin College, Virginia Union University and Wilberforce University. The scene at Oberlin was particularly im pressive. C E. C. Williams, of the M Street High School, Washington, D. C, since 1909, has accepted the-position of Librarian at How ard University. C N. B. Dodson, of Brooklyn, N. Y., has been re-elected President of the New England Baptist Sunday School Convention for the ninth consecutive year. (I Garret A. Morgan, a colored inventor of Cleveland, O., won a gold medal at the third national exposition of Safety and Sanitation, New York City, for his Helmet Safety Hood. C John Scott, the oldest colored man in Northern California and a son of General Winfield Scott, died recently. C Inman E. Page, for seventeen years President of the Colored Agricultural and Normal University at Langston, Okla., has been elected President of Western College, Macon, Mo. C Mrs. Cora L. Winston becomes Superin tendent of the Sojourner Truth House, New York City, succeeding Miss Eva G. Burleigh, who resigned on account of ill health. (I Isaac Fisher, of Tuskegee Institute, will enter the employ of Fisk University next year as editor of the university publications. (I The Rev. A. E. Day, for fourteen years rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Atlanta, Ga., was drowned recently. G Mrs. Ella de Ladson, a caterer for Yale students at New Haven for fifty years, is dead, leaving an estate valued at $35,000. C Mrs. C. J. Walker has given five hundred dollars to the A. M. E. Church for a temperance bureau. d J. A. Lewis has been recently licensed as a wireless telegraph operator at Atlantic City, N. J. CRISIS C Miss Delia M. Stewart, for three years head of the Department of English and German at Lincoln Institute, Jefferson City, Mo., has resigned. C. Jason Perkins, a colored youth of Denver, Colo., won an automobile offered by a daily paper for the largest number of subscriptions. C. William Edward Scott, the artist, has been at Tuskegee making paintings of the late Booker Washington, his widow, and Principal Moton. (I William J. Williams, of Chelsea, Mass., has been an Alderman of the city since 1901, and last year was President of the Board. C The Honorable J. L. Curtis, United States Minister to Liberia, has taken up the work of his new office and been well received. Mrs. Curtis has organized sewing classes in the College of West Africa and gives voluntary service two days each week. C Mrs. Jennie E. Long, wife of Dr. C. S. Long, of Palatka, Fla., died suddenly. She was widely known as a church worker. (I Alain LeRoy Locke, formerly Rhodes scholar and now Assistant Professor of English, Howard University, has been granted an Austin scholarship at Harvard University for the coming year. The Howard trustees have granted him a year's leave of absence. CHarry E. Burris, a colored mail carrier of Rock Island, 111., is dead. He has been mentioned before in these columns. POLITICAL PRESIDENT WILSON has appointed John F. Costello, a white man, Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia. This position has been held for more than a generation by colored men. C Ex-Governor Hadley, of Missouri, remained away from the National Republican Convention and allowed his Negro alternate to sit in his stead. None of the three contesting delegations from the District of Columbia was seated. The South Carolina delegation consisted of seven Negroes and four whites, but one of the white men was elected to the National Committee. In Georgia the Republican faction, headed by Davis and Johnson, defeated the one headed by Lyons. R. R. Church, Jr., was seated as delegate at large from Tennessee. The contesting delegates from Louisiana, were e;jch given a half vote. C Governor Whitman, of New York, is endeavoring somewhat tardily to gain colored votes. He has not only authorized a colored regiment, but has lifted the ban on inter racial boxing bouts. This has been a rule of the Boxing Commission ever since Jack Johnson seared the white boxers into fits. C There are several candidates among colored men for membership in various State legislatures this fall. In St. Paul, Minn., Attorney W. T. Francis was nominated in the Republican primary of the Thirty-eighth district over his white opponent. In West Virginia E. H. Harper has been nominated in McDowell county. ATTORNEY W. T. FRANCIS C The colored people of New Jersey have been quizzing Mr. J. S. Frelinghuysen, Republican candidate for United States Senate. Mr. Frelinghuysen has made strong statements on segregation, disfranchisement and lynching. C In Manila, a colored attorney, G. F. Campbell, formerly of Chicago, is candidate for election to the Municipal Board. Mr. Campbell has been Department Judge Advocate of the United Spanish War Veterans in the Philippines. THE CHURCH THE white Presbyterian church has turned over all its colored missionary work in the North to the Freedmen's Presbyterian Board. This means the segregation of all its colored missionary work from its white missionary work. C The split among the colored Baptists has been emphasized by the holding of two Sunday school conventions instead of one. The Boyd faction met at Vicksburg, Miss., and the Morris faction at Memphis, Tenn. Both were attended by thousands of delegates. C The New England Baptist Convention, at its forty-second annual convention in Philadelphia, had seven hundred delegates and made a special appeal to Congress against lynching and disfranchisement. (1 The Rev. Mr. E. W. Kinchen, pastor of Wesley Church, Los Angeles, Cal., has just completed a rally for the indebtedness of his church in which $2,048 was realized. G Ten thousand dollars has been raised toward the new colored Y. M. C. A. in Nashville, Tenn. G A large, new and well-equipped Y. W. C. A. building for colored women is planned in Brooklyn, N. Y. Mrs. A. W. Hunton is leading the movement for increased membership. She was the only colored member of the recent National Y. W. C. A. Jubilee Committee. G Dr. L. G. Jordan is leading a movement to erect a monument to George Leile at Savannah, Ga. Leile was the first American missionary to the West Indies. G There are two colored Catholic Sisterhoods in the United States: one the Oblate Sisters of Providence, founded in Baltimore by Father Joubert in. 1829. It now numbers one hundred and sixteen nuns, twenty-five novices and ten postulates. It has missions in Washington, St. Louis, Kansas and Cuba. The Sisters of the Holy Family was founded in New Orleans in 1842 by Father Rousselon. It numbers one hundred and twenty-five nuns and has nineteen schools, four orphan asylums and a home for the aged. FOREIGN THE Free Lance, of Georgetown, British Guiana, reminds us of the terrible labor conditions out of which colored laborers the world over are slowly emerging: "Now that the laborers in Water street are becoming somewhat restless and are talking about striking, we deem this an opportune moment to sound a friendly note of warning to the government, and those whom it may concern. To us it seems a crime that a man should labor for 18 hours a day at the small and sweating wage of $2.88 per week. And yet, we have been informed that this is the average wage of the laborer in Water street." 200 The Crisis Advertiser  W. H. C. Brown, Investment Banker,Washington, D. C. Brown Stevens, Bankers, Philadelphia, Pa. OFFER A limited number of the increased issue of 250 shares of the Capital Stock of STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY to the public at $200.00 per share. You may secure this stock 1. By Paying Cash, $200.00 per Share. 2. By Giving First Mortgage on Real Estate. 3. By paying 20% cash ($40.00) and balance 20% ($40.00) in three, six, nine and twelve months. 4. By a Small First Payment of $8.00 and $8.00 monthly payments. During the three years of the Company's operations, it has built up insurance in force of nearly TWO AND A HALF MILLION DOLLARS; it has a paid-in capital of over $110,000.00, with assets of over $175,000.00, with an income of approximately $100,000.00 a year, and prospects of a large increase in its business. The Company is doing business in nine (9) States, and has policyholders in practically every State in the Union and a few foreign countries. With the increasing interest in and the demand for life insurance on the part of the ten million of our race, and the discrimination being made by a larger number of the white companies each year, the Company needs only a highly developed agency force to reap wonderful results. The present increase in capital and surplus has enabled us to add rapidly to our force of producing agents, with a consequent larger production in business. The Company has the hearty endorsement of Insurance Commissioners, prominent insurance men and officials, the Insurance Press and over three hundred stockholders, among them being the most careful, successful and trustworthy professional and business men and banking institutions scattered throughout the States. Ordinary reasoning demonstrates that Standard Life Insurance Company stock is the very best investment offered to the public today. ADDRESS Standard Life Insurance Company Home Office: 200 Auburn Avenue, Atlanta, Ga. j HEMAN E. PERRY President 17 desire	 to purchase shares I LEWIS Vice-Piesident A L Hilt, ider option No	 above. |OS . H. HAYES Vice-President TH I enclose first payment of %•• I R. ISAACS Vice-President L. I herewith. Please forward all papers neces- EMMETT T. SCOTT Vice-President . sary to complete the subscription. j HARRY H. PACE. .'. Secretary-Treas Full Name H. C. DUGAS Assistant Secretary I Address | C. C. CATER. M. D... Medical Director I City and State . WM. H. KING. .. Director of Agencies (C. August, 1916.)	 WM. DRISKELL Supt. of Agents L_ I JC . NAPIER. .Chairman Advisory Bd. O R W. H. C. BROWN, 1105 U St.,N. W., Washington, D. C, Investment Banker BROWN &amp; STEVENS, Cor. Broad &amp; Lombard Sts., Philadelphia, Pa., Banker UNDERWRITERS Mention TH E CRISIS GHETTO Educational Announcements NEAR Lawton, Okla., where a Negro was I V Continued from Page 162 recently lynched, a colored boy, Love Townsend, recently saved .Earl Hale, a white man, from drowning. C D. O. Downing, a well to do white farmer and business man of Tyrone, Pa., is being held in jail for shooting up the Curwensville National Bank and wounding the paying teller. He disguised himself as a Negro by blackening his face and hands to do this. C When it was thought a party of deputy sheriffs at Beckley, W. Va., was attempting to lynch three Negro prisoners, June G, a mob of colored men opened fire on the deputies. One deputy and two colored men were killed and two deputies seriously wounded. G R- Watkins, white, of Pittsburgh, seized and kissed Estelle Stanton, colored, on a wager. He was arrested and fined three hundred and fifty dollars. G James L. Hitchens, a colored furniture remover of Baltimore, died leaving an estate worth §100,000. He left a small amount of property to his white wife, but the bulk of it to a white adopted son. G Governor Manning, of South Carolina, after reversing the Blease policy of appointing no colored notaries public, has revoked all such commissions. G Several colored labor agents have been arrested in Chattanooga charged with "luring" colored laborers to Pittsburgh. G Negro brakemen in Mississippi are being terrorized by Black Hand letters and some have been shot. G The Railroad Commission of Louisiana on petition of the colored people have promised better railway accommodations. G On account of orders from Washington Dr. A. J. Booker, a colored physician, has been refused service with the Iowa National Guard. C Two eleven-year-old Negro boys stole ten cents worth of sausage in a country town in Louisiana. They were sentenced to one year in the State penitentiary. The Society for the Prevention for Cruelty to Children is demanding their release. C George Carter, the colored boy of Norfolk, Va., who shot and killed two sailors leading a mob against his brother, has been sentenced to the penitentiary for life. The two boys were industrious and the support of their mother and blind father. G Joe Campbell, accused of killing the wife of the State penitentiary warden of Illinois, has been reprieved until October. The evidence was purely circumstantial. D0WN1NGT0WN INDUSTRIALand AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL DOWNINGTOWN, PA. TWELFTH SESSION BEGINS SEPTEMBER 12, 1916 CO-EDUCATIONAL l'ull Literary, Commercial, Domestic Science and Art, Trades, and Agricultural Courses. For information write WM . A. CREDITT, President, 4134 Powelton Ave., West Phila., Pa., or B . C . BURNETT , Sec'y, Industrial School, Downingtown, Pa. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. 507 E. 34th Place Chicago, 111. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. MAUD CUNEY HARE, Lecturer and Pianist WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON, Baritone Piano and Song, Lecture-recitals and Concerts. A typical press tribute on the lecture-recital: "The Contribution of the Afro-American to the Art of Music." Mrs. Hare's lecture dealt with the history of Afro-American music, in the illustration of which she was assisted by Win. H. Richardson, baritone. Her charming personality, her simple manner of speaking, combined with her artistic performance, both in solo work and as an accompanist, won the admiration of the audience.—The Boston Transcript. Mr. Richardson is blessed by nature, his voice is resonant, firm, commanding, yet smooth and even throughout a liberal compass. He sings fluently and with marked authority.—Philip Hale, Boston Herald. Now booking. Season 1916-1917 Address: 43 Sheridan St., Jamaica Plain, Boston, Mass. The Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early Negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT. JR.. and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT and arranged in an attractive volume suitable for a birthday gift. Price, One Dollar THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: :: New York Mention TH E CRISIS NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK ANTI-LYNCHING FUND To Crisis Readers: You have read the story of the "Waco Horror" in the supplement to the July Crisis. Moorfield Storey, our national president, formerly president of the American Bar Association, and Mr. Philip G. Peabody, another distinguished Boston lawyer, have each offered to give $1000 toward an anti-lynching fund of $10,000 on condition that the other $8000 be raised by August 1. The time has come, they believe, to organize such influential southern opinion as is right on this question, and help them fight every lynching that occurs by legal action, by publicity, and by political agitation, as we are fighting this one. Our Board of Directors has discussed every detail. We believe there is enough sentiment with us in the South to justify such an expenditure. Our plans are fully formulated. President Storey's action speaks for his faith in their practicality. Are you with us? If so, what will you give? Your aid must be received during July to make the two $1000 pledges available. Is it worth any sacrifice to you? J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mention TH E CRISIS "TH E NEALE PUBLISHING COMPANY POSSESSES A RARE REPUTATION FOR ITS standard SERIES OF WORKS ON AMERICAN HISTORY."—Toronto Mail and Empire. The Facts of Reconstruction. By John R. Lynch, colored; formerly Member of Congress; later Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; at present Major in United States Army. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. The Negro Races: Second Volume of the Series, Containing a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By Jerome Dowd, white; Professor of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma. The price of each volume of the series is $2.50 net; by mail, $2.65. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N. Leger, colored; formerly Minister from Haiti to the United States. Illustrated. Two editions; one in English and the other in French. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Monroe Doctrine in Its Relation to the Republic of Haiti. By William A. Mac-Corkle, LL.D., white; author of "The White Sulphur Springs," published by this house, and other books. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales. By Joseph S. Cotter, colored; Principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Something new in literature. $1.00 by mail. The Political History of Slavery in the United States. By the late James Z. George, white; formerly Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi; later United States. Senator. Introduction by John Bassett Moore, Professor of International Law and Diplomacy, Columbia University. Edited by William Hayne Leavell, United States Minister to Guatemala, who supplies a sketch of Senator George. A comprehensive survey of the political history of slavery in this country. $3.25 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By John H. Reed, D.D., K. C, colored; with an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. The Seed That Was Sown in the Colony of Georgia. By Charles Spaulding Wylly, white. "No or&gt;e," says the Knoxville Sentinel, "has better' understood the institution of slavery, its mission, and its defects," than Colonel Wylly. $1.35 by mail. Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third thousand. $2.15 by mail. Dean Miller's latest book, "Out of the House of Bondage," which is also published by this company, has already reached a large sale. $1.65 by mail. The Black Man's Burden. By William H. Holtzclaw, colored; Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Mississippi. With an introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. Chief Characteristics of the Southern Negro. By E. H. Randle, A.M., LL-D., white; Dr. Randle discusses the changes wrought in the Negro character by the conditions of his freedom, the specialized education that the Negro requires, the Negro as a wage earner, his social qualities, the effect of the elective franchise, and many other matters. $1.00 by mail. The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem. By James S. Stemons, colored; Field Secretary of the Joint Organization of the Association for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. $1.00 by mail. Race Orthodoxy in the South. By Thomas Pearce Bailey, white; formerly Professor in the Universities of California, Chicago, and Mississippi, and now a Professor in the University of the South. $2.15 by mail. Redder Blood. By William M. Ashby, colored. One of the few novels of the Negro by a Negro to be published in this country. Mr. Ashby is a Yale man. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam. By John Walter Paisley, colored. This volume of poems, by a teacher of literature, deserves a place in the rapidly increasing library of American Negro poets, to which Dunbar, Corrothers, Braithwaite, and others have made valuable additions in recent years. $1.25 by mail. My Ogowe. By Robert Hamill Nassau, M.D., S.T.D., white; for forty-five years a resident of Africa; pioneer and explorer; scientist and man of letters. The work of a lifetime; 700 octavo pages of text with 50 full-page illustrations. $3.25 by mail. Dr. Nassau's book entitled "In an Elephant Corral" is also published by this house. $1.00 by mail. The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status. By William Pickens, Lit.D., colored; Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore. Dr. Pickens was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class and won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. Although a young man, he has won distinction as a scholar; he is easily among the foremost men of his race. $1.60 by mail. Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO./Xrter or THE CRISIS, Wufe UCNTLAA T1 1 C»ISIS // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every n Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment \ \ Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Count ry, Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pre*, N. E. Cor. 8th 8c Plum Cincinnati. Ohio Starta Mail Order Business and Make Money COLORED HELP WANTED Private families (also Hotels, season Yon can operate in your own home during spare time. :) The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Wh y can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. W e offer you thirty live, money-making mail OTder plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. W e furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearboru Stree' Chicago, 111. Open July 1st Closed September 1 s THE OCEAN HOUSE SEA ISLE CITY, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the sea while dining, and every room opens on the ocean. Sptcial rates for July: room and board, $S.OO per week. Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, L. I. Address after June 22nd, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. Rid your house of roaches with "Deli" Roach Powder 25c. and $1.00 BANEKER CHEMICAL CO. 809 N. Jefferson Ave., St. Louis, Mo. Agents Wanted 1916) SUBURBAN TRADE SPECIALTY Houseworkers $25-$35; cooks $30$100; chambermaids, waitresses $25$30; waiters, useful men, butlers, $25-$60; couples $50-$80; other positions, good pav. Send stam p for reply N. Y. &amp; N. J. INDUSTRIAL EXCHANGE 1931 B'dway, cor. 65th St., N. Y . C. Cor. Langford St. &amp; Lake Ave. Asbury Park, N. J. Samuel T. Marrow, Prop. Mrs. E. Marrow, Asst. HE* EXCHANGE) D I O See the Selected List on Books * the Inside Front Cover C^aCaxcd a^etifi t&amp;anteA eOexijvllicTe to Auppitj tile La demand |OT GUT iit^H axadc CaiTtna CatJi, 0opuHax d£ule4 and 6izeA |QT HadleA ox qcn a. men, vCiifi ax WifPiout add\cs,j. 100 &gt;ia jox 50 ceriLi ox oO joi 30 cenfj, postpaid.. ^ Outfit (u,„;.,P,cJ. CTff xlte ion. AampOeA and fcxm&amp; Teachers A live agency furnishes the ILrtUlLU O connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois. Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. Gantt quino school of BEAUTYCULTURE Enroll in our Correspondence School. Anything in Beauty Culture. By Mail. Diplomas issued. = Terms Fine. Quino Hair Grower, 50c. Temple Oil, 75c. Try a Box. : Write: QUINO, 636 Fogg Street, NASHVILLE, TENN. : ,,,,1 ,,,,,,,111.11111 .1111.III.IIIIIIIU. •••••• 1 1 Mill .1.1,111,,,.,,,,,,,, , ,„ • 'Mention TH E CRISIS 205 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AGENTS *60 WEEKLY University Literary Bureau BobinsonFoldlnfcBsttaTub. BiRHoller. Ooeta little, no plumbing, little Wftter, WolKht 5 pounds, folds into small roll. Full lontrth |..n In. lar bettor than tin tubs, fluaranto.ui Hi yours. 410 Manuscript Criticized a day easily made. Write [or free tobouor. ROBINSON CABINET MF6. CO. 2866 Factorial Bid,., Talado. Obio and Revised PAINLESS treatment for | CORNS. BUNIONS. IN GROWN NAILS, and ALL other AILMENTS' of. the FEET. Examlna tton and Advice Free. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST Washington, D. C. Telephone 12S4 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., Now York City. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introduclnil LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER Guaranteed (o Grow Hair la SIX TREATMENTS or Money Refunded. Price SO cents per box. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble 3001 IAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO RED ROSE FACE POWDER All Shades Talcum Powder, Face Lotion. Cold Cream and other toilet preparations made of the best materials. Write for samples. Agents wanted. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO. Box 7, 239 W . 63d St., New York City. When visiting the West, don't miss Colorado Springs. Perfect accommodations at MRS. H. A. PERKINS MODERN ROOMS With or Without BOARD Phone Main 2937 418 E . Cucharras St. Colorado Springs, Colo. SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE Teaching—two Howard graduates, 1916. Teachers College and College Arts and Sci ences. Biological science and languages preferred. Address: Standard Teachers' Agency, 1011 New York Ave., Washington, D. C. l'ocms, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication Correspondence Solicited Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Locke Assistant Professors in English. ADDRESS: Box 102, Howard University, In your own home, during the evenings of just one week you can learD the famous Days ^ f&lt;n paragon Shorthand Speed comes with one. Speed capacity practically un limited. Wonderfully easy to read. Writcm in tier-vice of U. S. Government and offices of largest corporations. System already adopted by number of cities for High Schools. Write now for full proof. PARAGON INSTITUTE, 220 Coliseum St.. New Orleans, La. OUR LEADER $33.45 Mention TH E CRISIS BOOKS! BOOKS! YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 W. 135th St., New York City WORLD'S FAMOUS NEGRO WRITERS Bargains in Rare Books Mail Orders Solicited AGENTS WANTED For our great new hook. Progress and Achieve ments of Colored People, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of colored Americans. Low price, many pictures, big sales and good profits. Write quick for offer and secure agency. Austin Jenkins Co., Washington, D. C. TAKE NOTICE! Extending our trade territory, previously confined to Nebraska and S. Dakota, we wish to employ an active, honest, industrious and intelligent lady or gentleman in every community to act as our repre sentative. Must furnish the best of references. Salary $35.00 a month. Don't write unless you are sincere and mean business. Address: WESTERN SUPPLY COMPANY. 1000-1008 Q St., Lincoln, Nebr. A HOME STUDY COURSE SHORTHAND! THAT BRINGS RESULTS. A course in standard PITMANIC Shorthand written just as a teacher would explain it. Not a newly Invented system to be learned in a week or so, but the kind of shorthand now in use made simple enough for a child. With the completion of the twentieth lesson you are ahle to do court reporting. PRICE OF COURSE, $6.00. Address SHORTHAND DEPT., 4277 Cote Brilliants, St. Louis. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. By our method, apt students write stenography, transcribe their shorthand notes and operate a type writer accurately in 60 days. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, Pres. TYPEWRITERS YOU CAN OWN A STAND ARD VISIBLE MACHINE. Every machine we sell comes to you in perfect condition and every part is brand new. All Makes and a Money-Back guarantee with every one. We Invite comparison. Write NOW. OFFICE SPECIALTY COMPANY ] 4277 Cote BriUiante, St. Louis. Mo. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems I S Monograph* Sold Separately ADDRESS ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M.  An aggressive by an Anglo-Saxon cham _ exposure pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by .EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 40 0 pages, 5 0 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION BY T. G. STEWARD A BOOK OF 300 PAGES, BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED. TELLS THE STORY OF THE BIRTH OF THE BLACK REPUBLIC. 51.25 Net "NO ONE CAN READ THIS BOOK WITHOUT A GREATER LOVE OF FREE DOM."—KANSAS CITY SUN. "NO MNRO LNTOI-B= RINE ),R--.LR HOO HPON WHTTON "—ARMV "ILL NAVY REGISTER. "PICTURESQUE STORY-"—BOSTON TRANSCRIPT. "IN A WORD THE BOOK IS EXCELLENT."—LOUISVILLE NEWS. "SHOULD BE READ BY EVERY COLORED MAN AND WOMAN IN AMER ICA."—CHICAGO DEFENDER. "WONDERFUL BOOK."—AMSTERDAM NEWS. "TEMPERATE, COMPREHENSIVE, INSTRUCTIVE."—COLUMBUS EVENING DESPATCH. ORDER FROM TTTE AUTHOR T. G. STEWARD, Wilberforce, Ohio OR FROM THE CRISIS. 70 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 527 7 Morningside DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SUXGKON DEWTIST 188 W . 135TH STREET NEW YORK CITY Tetephones: HARRY E. DAVIS ATTOSHEY-AT-LAW NOTA*Y Punic 1607 Williamson Building CLEVELAND, OHIO Office L . D. Telephone 3297 MARKET Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COTJNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St , Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUHSILLOK-AT-LAW 102 0 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-L]AW Office*: Suite 80 2 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. TeL 5437 Fort Hilf Cable Addreae, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY ANP COONSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORH B YS-AT-LA W 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. WANTED A young man or woman with experience and references to set up Assemblies for a Fraternal Order in the State of Pennsylvania. Parties who have done insurance work preferred. Address, C. B. Bailey, Box 371, Charlotte, N. C. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS NO. 1, NO. 2 AND NO. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. BOX 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. To io Gold and silver agents lettering AVAL-ILL I O on Store and Office windows and handle our Office Specialties. Experience unnecessary. Large Profits. OFFICE SPECIALTY COMPANY 4277 Cote Brilliante ST. LOUIS, MO. Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, Amerfca, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editori are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per ESf\/-» ntx¥ volume. Each complete and sold separately -- OUL » IlCl Postage extra "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of SO cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH B Cmsis SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR : Musician HIS LIFE AND LETTERS l&amp;ftfKtfTS AMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR, the first composer of classic music to come from the colored races, was born in London forty years ago. His genius asserted itself at the early age of six when, as one of his admirers describes it, he was found "holding a very small-sized violin in one hand, and playing at marbles with the other." The real discovery was, however, made by his guardian, friend, and benefactor, Colonel Herbert, of the Queen's Regiment. At thirteen, he was a brilliant solo violinist. Entering the Royal College of Music in 1890, three years later, he won an open scholarship for composition. His progress was marked by such landmarks as "Hiawatha's Wedding Feast," known the world over, "Herod," "Ulysses," "Nero," "Faust," "Endymion's Dream," "A Tale of Old Japan," "Othello." The tribute we pay to the darker races of the world who have produced artists, thinkers, and composers is notorious by its absence. Proud of his race, it was indeed characteristic of the sturdy, honest nature of Coleridge-Taylor that he never Sought to keep in the background his Negro origin, but, on the contrary, was thoroughly proud of it and of his own position. Of the fascination the tale of his life holds for a biographer, it is needless to speak. Mr. Berwick Sayers has brought to his loving task an enthusiasm which makes of his volume charming reading. Alfred Noyes, in the poem entitled "Samuel Coleridge-Taylor," writes: The spark that falls from heaven, not oft on earth, To human hearts its vital splendor gives; His was the simple, true, immortal birth I Scholars compose; but THIS MAN'S MUSIC LIVES. Price, $2.25. Postage Extra THE CRISIS :: :: :: 70 Fifth Avenue, NEW YORK CITY The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly Edited by 100 Pages CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Ne^ro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON, 2223 12th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS