The Crisis , made The CRISIS Vol. 8—No. 4 AUGUST, 1914 Whole No. 46 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY ## The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —Ref. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres ; ten modern buildings ; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address : PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses.   Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course, extending from July 1 to August 12. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15.  Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention The Crisis ## THE CRISIS A  RECORD  OF  THE   DARKER RACES PUBLISHED   BY   THE   NATIONAL   ASSOCIATION   FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED  PEOPLE,  AT  70  FIFTH  AVENUE,  NEW  YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted,: 1914, by the National Association for the Advancement ot Colored People Contents for August, 1914 PICTURES COVER.   "August."  A study from life by L. R. Miner. SOCIAL LIFE IN COLORED AMERICA.   III.—A Dinner at the Lo- Page endi Club, Pittsburg.   Photograph from life........................ 182 ARTICLES THE AWAKENING.    A Poem. By Otto Bohanan......................... 171 HOW THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE BEGAN.   By Mary White Ovington____ 184 HIS MOTTO.   A Story.   By Lottie Burrell Dixon..................... 188 THE NEW WILBERFORCE.   (Illustrated).......................... 191 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE............................................ 163 MEN OF THE MONTH............................................. 169 OPINION.......................................................... 172 EDITORIAL....................................................... 179 PROBLEM LITERATURE ......................................... 195 THE BURDEN ..................................................... 197 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired.   The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage.   If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. ## 160 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE atlanta, ga. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage.   Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN knoxville. tenn. The Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Fall term begins September 1, 1914. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Night school for indigent but ambitious young men. For catalog or further information, address PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. and M. College    Greensboro, N. C. LINCOLN INSTITUTE Jefferson City, Missouri Founded by the  Negro soldiers of the 64th and 65th Regiments. Supported by the State of Missouri. One of the best-equipped schools in the country for the education of Negro boys and girls. Normal, Collegiate, Agricultural and Industrial Courses. Normal diplomas carrying with them the degree B. Pd. are life certificates to teach in the public schools of Missouri. The degree A. B. conferred upon those who complete the collegiate course. Four teachers of Music: Voice Culture, Piano, Violin, Band and Orchestra Practice. Elocution, Athletics, Drawing and Art. Board $9.50 a month.   Tuition $3.00 the  year   to   Missouri  students. All others pay $13.00 a year.   Catalog free. B. F. ALLEN, A. M., LL. D. President- MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities.   Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary.   Address. THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 C. W. Morrow, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music.   Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Mention The Crisis ## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 161 1875 State Agricultural and Mechanical College for Negroes Normal, Alabama 1914 A combination hard to beat.   A thorough English Education combined with a Trade. WHAT TRADE WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE ? Trades for Boys, 12      Trades for Girls, 7      Trades for both sexes, 2 STATE AND UNITED STATES APPROPRIATIONS Property consists of 182 acres of land, 20 buildings for all purposes, live stock and general equipment valued at $160,500. SUMMARY OF OUR GRADUATES-1875-1914 Department of Academics ...................................................................... 1,020 Department of Agriculture........................................................................ ' 88 Department of Domestic Economy........................................................... 533 Department of Mechanic Arts....................................................... 276 T°tal .................................................................................... 1,917 WHAT THEY ARE DOING Principals of district schools.................. 156     United States Government Service ........... 25 Teachers in rural schools..................... 263     Jeanes teachers .............................. 7 Principals of secondary or high schools........ 12     Directors of book establishments .............. 2 Teachers in grammar and high schools........ 75     Editors and Journalists ........................ 8 Doctors ..................................... 30     Bookkeepers ................................. 15 Lawyers...................................... 5     United States Farm Demonstrators ........... 1 Dentists ..................................... 5 Undertakers and Embalmers ................... 5 Pharmacists ................................. 3     Contractors and Builders ..................... 8 Druggists .................................... 10     United States Bureau of Education ........... 1 Working at Trades ........................... 246     Farmers ..................................... 326 Bankers ..................................... 3    Housekeepers ................................ 480 WHAT ARE YOU PREPARING TO DO ? DEPARTMENTS Primary, Grammar, High School, College, Mechanic Arts, Agricultural Science, Home Economics, Commercial Arts, Music and Nurse Training.  Catalog free. ___ ^ WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President. HOWARD UNIVERSITY STEPHEN M. NEWMAN, A. M, D. D., President. College of Arts and Sciences A. B. and B. S. Courses Teachers College A. B. and B. S. in Pedagogy Courses School of Manual Arts and Applied Sciences Courses in Engineering Domestic Arts Domestic Science Manual Arts Conservatory of Music Academy Three Preparatory Courses (Classical, Scientific, Normal) Commercial College Stenography, Typewriting, Economics, Etc. Library School PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS School of Theology School of Medicine College of Medicine     College of Dentistry College of Pharmacy School of Law ALL COURSES BEGIN SEPTEMBER 30, 1914. For Catalog, Address :    HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C. Mention The Crisis ## 162 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STORER COLLEGE Founded in 1867 Normal, College Preparatory, Music and Manual Training Courses offered. Co-educational. High scholastic ideals. Situated in historic John Brown Land. Magnificent location. Fine library, twelve buildings, good equipment, thoroughly trained faculty, modern laboratories, expenses small. A place for the earnest, poor young man or woman. No drones wanted. Write to Pres. HENRY T. McDONALD, Harpers Ferry, W. Va. DOWNINGTOWN INDUSTRIAL and AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL DOWNINGTOWN, PA. Tenth Session begins September 16, 1914 COURSES: Literary; Trades; Agriculture and Practical Farming; Domestic Science ; Art, etc. For information write Wm. A. Creditt; Pres., 628 South 19th St., Philadelphia, Pa. B. C. Burnett, Sec'y. Industrial School, Downingtown, Pa. Georgia State Industrial College Graduated in June 51 members : 2 from College Department, 15 from Normal Department and 34 from Industrial Department. Opens October 1st. R. R. WRIGHT, President, Savannah, Ga. AGENTS WANTED Others Receive $15 to $65 Weekly! Why Not You? Write immediately for full particulars, sample, picture, literature, etc.   Experience unnecessary. Enclose 10 cents to cover cost. P. O. Box 2.     Edmonton, Alberta, Canada OF  INTEREST TO VOCAL  STUDENTS TONE-PLACING FAND VOICE- DEVELOPMENT Points explained, vi2. : Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned  conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, 111., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris, on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the arc you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y. : "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, 111.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon and Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111. ANNOUNCEMENT We desire intelligent persons to act as our local distributors in communities where we are not already represented. Would be pleased to hear from students and teachers during vacation, or any reliable person able to furnish best references.   Salary $9 a week. SOUTHERN DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY Odd Fellows Auditorium Atlanta, Ga. ANY SPARE TIME? WHY NOT TURN IT INTO MONEY? Our agents are making $10.00 per day and more, selling our new Negro picture, "A Joyful Welcome Into Heaven," the finest picture ever produced with the Negro as a subject. Pleasant agreeable work. Sells at sight! Write today for particulars, or send 15 cents stamps or coin for 50 cent sample and agent's terms. Money back if not satisfied at first glance ! The Douglas Specialties Co. Department K 3548 Vernon Avenue,      ::     Chicago, 111. (Trade Mark) Mention The Crisis ## THE CRISIS Vol. 8-No. 4 AUGUST, 1914 Whole No. 46 ALONG the color Line MUSIC AND ART COLERIDGE-TAYLOR'S "Kubla Khan" was lately presented at the first concert of the New Gainsborough Orchestral Society, Nottingham, England. The London Musical Times states that the conductor, Mr. A. Henderson, placed the audience under a decided obligation to both choir and orchestra for the introduction of so interesting a work. • The fourth annual Festival for competing choirs was held May 1 and 2 at Glasgow, Scotland. The tests selected were the three choruses, "Summer is Gone" and "Death in the Sierras" for mixed voices, and "Fall on Me Like Silent Dew" for female voices, and the solo for tenor, "Onaway, Awake, Beloved." • At the Commencement recital given at Wells College, Aurora, N. Y., on June 8, Miss Kitty Cheatam, the noted American singer, devoted one part of her program to a brief talk of the origin and development of old Negro folk song's, a field in which she has won high recognition. • An Indian opera, "The Sun Dance," a representation of America's aboriginal life, was recently produced by the Brigham Young University Opera Company at the Salt Lake City theatre. The libretto is by Zitkala Sa (Mrs. R. T. Bonum), a highly educated Sioux woman, and the music by William F. Hanson, an instructor in the Unita State Academy at Vernal. During the evening of the presentation, the customs and legends incorporated in the opera were explained by Zitkala Sa. • The commencement exercises of the Institute of Musical Art in the City of New York, of which Mr. Frank Damroseh is director, were held in Aeolian Hall on June 1. Mr. Alfred J. Thomas, the only colored member of the graduating class, was formerly a leader in the United States Tenth Cavalry Band. • A May Musical Festival was held by the Coleridge-Taylor Club of the Raymond Social Settlement, J. A. Mundy, conductor, in Orchestra Hall, Chicago, 111., on May 17. The club was assisted by Mrs. Willa Sloan, soprano; Mr. W. A. Hahn, baritone; Mr. Carroll K. Dickerson, violinist, and Mr. Walter Gossette, organist. Mr. N. Clark Smith was assistant conductor. The first part of the program consisted mainly of compositions by colored musicians. Two choral numbers by Mr. Mundy, "Ethiopia" and "Sons of Freedom" are deserving of special mention. Mrs. Sloan sang selections by Cadman, Campbell-Tipton, and Puccini. Of the concert the Chicago Tribune says: "The chorus sang finely for its regular conductor, who is unusually gifted. He has a fine sense of dramatic values and has established an excellent ensemble. . . . Several of the individual voices were attractive, and that of Mrs. Willa Sloan, a warm and brilliant soprano, possessed rare beauty of quality." • At Galloway Hall, Wilberforce, O., a Carnival of Folk Dances was given on May 27 by the pupils of the Physical Culture department of Wilberforce University, under ## 164 THE CRISIS the direction of Miss Hallie Q. Brown, instructor of English and Physical Culture. • On June 3, Miss Brown gave an address on Negro Folk Lore and Folk Song at the commencement exercises of the Scribner High School at People's College, New Albany, Ind. • Mrs. Alice Moore Dunbar gave an interesting and instructive lecture on "The Influence the Afro-American has on the Literature of This Country," at the A. M. E. Zion Church, Pittsburg, Pa. • During the month of June, Mr. Richard B. Harrison, elocutionist, has been heard in a number of recitals in Pittsburg, Pa. • A piano recital was given on May 28 at True Reformer's Hall, Washington, D. C, by Mr. Henry Lee Grant of the faculty of the Washington Conservatory of Music, assisted by Dr. C. Sumner Wormley, baritone, and the L'Allegro Glee Club, Mr. Ernest Amos, director. Mr. Grant opened his program with the Handel "Fugue in E Minor" and disclosed a beautiful and sympathetic touch in the Chopin group and in other pieces ranging from Beethoven to Moszkowski. • The graduating exercises of the Washington Conservatory of Music were held on June 2 at Washington, D. C. Diplomas in the teachers course were awarded to Misses Mamie Hope, Celestine Lott, and Pearl Christmas. • While having his violin, a genuine Steiner, repaired at the Badgett violin repair shop on Peachtree St., Atlanta, Ga., Mr. Joseph Douglass, violinist, now touring in the South, attracted the tenants of the building by his beautiful playing, and soon gathered an admiring audience. The Atlanta Journal, referring to the incident, declares that if Mr. Douglass returns for a concert later in the summer, those who heard him will not fail to attend. • Among interesting pupils' recitals given by private teachers during the month of June were that of Miss Georgine Glover, pianist, at Court Hall, Boston, Mass., on June 26; and a piano pupils' recital by Mrs. Helen Young-Dammond, at Philadelphia, Penn., on June 5. Miss Glover was a private pupil of the late Petersilea of Boston. Mrs. Dammond is a graduate of the musical department of the University of Pennsylvania. • A festival of Negro Folk Song was given on May 26 at the Fair Park Coliseum, Dallas, Texas, by the Dallas Colored High School. The chorus, which numbered three hundred sang to a large audience of both races. Mme. Azalia Hackley conducted the choruses and sang a group of small songs of the lighter character by colored musicians. Just before the close of the program, remarks were made by W. H. Atwell, former United States District Attorney. Laying stress upon the fact that the Negro race was achieving successes, Mr. Atwell closed by calling it "a great race and one destined to be greater." • Carl R. Diton, pianist, won a prize of $100 in a recent Chicago contest for the most appropriate setting for the words of "I Feel Thy Spirit." Mr. Diton and Mrs. Effie J. West were married on June 8 in Augusta, Ga., where they have both been teaching at Paine College. Mr. Diton is now located in Atlanta, Ga. •The annual festival of the Georgia Music Festival Association was held in Atlanta on July 8, 9 and 10. The first night was "All Women's Night," and Bemberg's cantata, "The Death of Joan of Arc" was rendered. Sylvia Ward Olden, of New Orleans, took the leading role. On the second night the Fisk Jubilee Singers, under the direction of Prof. J. W. Work, rendered the program. On the third night Mme. Anita Patti Brown, soprano, gave a concert, assisted by a chorus of one hundred voices, under the direction of Prof. Carl Diton. • Mme. Anita Patti Brown, soprano; Mr. W. Henry Hackney, tenor; Mr. Ernest R. Amos, baritone, and Mr. R. Nathaniel Dett, composer and pianist, gave a concert of the works of Negro composers on June 3, at Orchestral Hall, in Chicago. EDUCATION THE following are graduates of 1914, whose names did not reach us in time for publication in the Educational Number: Ralph H. Young received a degree of Doctor of Medicine, and James L. Wilson a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University. Drue King received a degree of Doctor of Medicine from Tufts College Medical School. Walter S. Madison received a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Iowa State College; there were four other graduates. Among the colored colleges omitted, E. E. Franklin and U. G. Benson led the college class of nineteen graduated from Biddle University.   G. W. ## ALONG THE COLOR LINE 165 Jordan and J. D. Merida ranked highest in the class of fifteen receiving Bachelor's degrees from Wiley University. Mrs. Alberta M. Diggs received a Master's degree from Selma University. M. C. Carmichael and Wilhelmina Tanner led the college class of five graduating from Samuel Houston College. A. S. Phillips and Naomi R. Hunt ranked highest in the college department of Virginia Theological Seminary and College. Through a mistake, the Dean sent in the name of L. H. Newman as graduating with second honor from Howard University. Miss Grace Coleman received second honor graduating, magna cum laude. Altogether we have received names of 275 graduates from colored schools receiving Bachelor's degrees and three receiving Master's degrees. Robert Hardon, a colored boy, graduated from the East Saginaw (Mich.) High School with highest honors in a class of one hundred white boys. • Nineteen colored students were graduated from the two high schools of Indianapolis, Ind., which is an increase over former years. There are in the two high schools two hundred and two colored students, and there are nine at the Technical Institute. Butler College, in the same place, has four colored students, and there are a large number of students who have finished from the high school and are studying at colleges away from home. Forty-three were graduated from one grammar school and large numbers from the other graded schools. Many colored students have made unusual records. • Beatrice B. Mills, a colored girl, received a gold medal from School No. 69 in New York City. She led a class of thirty-eight white competitors in shorthand, French and music. • Twenty colored and Indian students from Hampton Institute, camping in the mountains and on the sea shores of New England, are presenting pageants during the summer. They are giving the folk-songs and folk-lore of both races and the tribal dances and ceremonial chants of the Indians. • Tuskegee Institute contributed the commencement Sunday collection, which amounted to about fifty dollars, to Atlanta University. • Dr. Edward B. Terry, the colored Medical Inspector of Schools in Atlantic City, N. J., who was indefinitely suspended by the Board of Education, has been reinstated by Assistant Commissioner Betts. He will receive full salary for the time he has been under suspension. • The late Mrs. William M. Elliot, of Baltimore, has bequeathed $150,000 for the creation of a corporation to educate Negroes in the State of Maryland. • The National Kindergarten Association of New York has opened an experimental kindergarten in Richmond, Va., for colored children. • The Committee on Appropriations in the House of Representatives has given Howard University $99,000 of the $101,000 asked for. The committee approved an appropriation of $66,640 for Freedmen's Hospital, in Washington, which is an increase of $5,600 over last year's appropriation. • The Rising Sons and Daughters of Protection, a colored fraternal organization, contributed $300 to Tuggle Institute in Birmingham, Ala., at its annual meeting held in Talladega recently. • Julius Rosenwald, the Chicago philanthropist, has agreed to duplicate the amount of money raised in any southern community for colored rural schools. • A report presented before the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Chicago showed that the Freedman's Board expended $247,000 last year. This is an increase of $34,000 over the preceding year. • The colored graduates of the University of Iowa in Iowa City have formed an organization to be known as the Iowa colored alumni. The students of the University have organized the Delta Chapter of the Kappa Alpha Nu, a Negro college men's fraternity, composed of eleven students and three alumni. • The colored industrial school, made possible by the gift of Mrs. Sallie J. McCall, is located in Cincinnati, O., with W. L. Ricks as principal. • Rufus Jackson, a colored graduate of the East Des Moines (la.) High School, has been awarded a scholarship to the Slate College at Ames. • Plans were discussed at a meeting in Philadelphia recently for the federation of all Negro secondary and industrial schools, with a general office in New York. One of the chief purposes of this consolidation would be the reduction of expenses in raising funds. •The   late   Mrs.   Maria   Van Antwerp ##  166 THE CRISIS Jesup of New York City bequeathed $50,000 each to Tuskegee and Hampton Institutes. • All of the schools under the Freedmen's Aid Society will be called colleges instead of universities, except Clark University in Atlanta. The name of this school will remain unchanged and the curriculum will be improved. SOCIAL UPLIFT THE second Universal Race Congress will meet in Paris in 1915. • The colored children of Greensboro, N. C., have, themselves, raised $250 for a playground by minding babies, washing dishes, raising chickens and flowers, etc. There is still need for $250. • The Afro-American Ledger of Baltimore, Md., held a five-mile race on May 23. S. A. Jones was the winner. • The Hotel Worthy in Springfield, Mass., has taken back its entire force of colored waiters, whose places were recently given to white men by a new management. • The District of Columbia has been ordered by the House of Representatives to pay $41,209.73 to Freedmen's Hospital as one-half the cost of maintenance of indigent patients treated from 1906 to 1913. • Courtland Lewis, a colored postal clerk employed in the post office in Cincinnati. O., made 100 per cent, in a case examination. The examination was on the distribution of firm mail, represented by 970 cards. Every card was thrown correctly with a speed of 64.47 cards per minute. • Frank Jenkins, a colored boy of Jamaica, L. I., broke all former records in the mile and half-mile race in the annual high schools' track and field championship meet on the Public School Athletic Field in Brooklyn, N. Y. • The tablet of the late Harriet Tubman Davis at Auburn, N. Y., was unveiled on June 12. The tablet was the gift of the Cayuga County Historical Society, a white organization. Prominent white and colored men and women participated in the pro-grain. • June 6 was clean-up day for colored people in Alabama. • There are several towns in the State of Oklahoma inhabited and governed entirely by colored people. Lima, situated in the center of Seminole County, is one of the newest of these and has the advantage of a great many natural resources. The one school, a two-story brick building, with its corp of five teachers, is a good one but inadequate, because of the growth of the community. Many of the farmers take the farm journals and use modern machinery in their work. The local stores, mills and farms furnish much of the produce needed in the town. • At this year's commencement of the West Virginia Colored Institute in Institute, W. Va., a bronze tablet in memory of Prof. J. McHenry Jones, who was President of the Institute for eleven years, was unveiled. • Albert Randree, a colored cook on the Southern Pacific Railway, received a reward of $500 for felling a bandit who held up a train out of San Francisco. • The new $100,000 colored Y. M. C. A. in Kansas City, Mo., has been dedicated. Mr. Rosenwald gave $25,000, the colored people raised $25,000, and the white people contributed $50,000. • Titustown, a suburb of Norfolk, Va., is a Negro settlement in which every man owns his own home. The county gave a good school and the Negroes furnished their church. There is no saloon in the place, and there never has been an arrest made there. • Negroes, under the direction of William Benson, of the Kowaliga (Ala.) Community, have built a railroad from Kowaliga to Alexander, a distance of fifteen miles. • Timothy Williams, a colored laborer on the Panama Canal railroad, saved Joseph Lewis, a French co-laborer, from drowning at the risk of his own life. The governor of the Panama Canal Zone presented to the rescuer a medal awarded by the government. • Mary Carter Langston, a colored woman, started a library in St. Augustine, Fla., about two years ago for the colored children who had access to none. This library was made a kind of a settlement house with games, meetings, music, etc. The work has grown and recently a domestic science class has been opened for the girls and a manual training class for the boys. • E. Smith, a colored student of Colorado College, won the 440-yard and 220-yard dashes in the meet between Colorado College and Denver University. • W. H. Daly, a colored business man of Baltimore, Md., will build a $75,000 vaudeville and moving picture theatre in that city for colored patrons. • The three colored soldiers of the Tenth United States Cavalry who took examinations at Fort Huachuca, Arizona, in May for the office of Captain of United States ## ALONG THE COLOR LINE 167 Volunteers, passed with averages above 80 per cent. The examinations extended over a period of thirteen days. • The Washington (D. C.) Bee published an anniversary number of sixteen pages on June 27. This number celebrated the thirty-fourth anniversary of the Bee and contained accounts of colored schools and philanthropic institutions, sketches of successful colored men, etc. • Jack Johnson easily maintained his title to the championship of the world in a fight at Paris with Frank Moran, the "white hope" from Pittsburg. Thirty-five thousand people witnessed the fight, which was a very tame one, Moran not having the slightest chance. MEETINGS THE President of the National Federation of Colored Women's Clubs has sent out notices to all the local and state federations for the four days' meeting at Wilberforce, from August 4 to 6. Many noted men and women will speak at this meeting. • The New Jersey League of Republican Organizations of colored voters held its annual convention in Atlantic City, June 26 and 27. • The State Federation of Women's Clubs of South Carolina met at Sumter on June 17. • Several hundred people of Washington, D. C, attended a memorial service on May 31, held at Howard Theatre for colored soldiers. • The fiftieth anniversary of the enlistment of Negroes in the United States Army from the State of Pennsylvania was celebrated in Philadelphia during the week of June 26. • The Young Peoples' Congress was held under the auspices of the A. M. E. Church in Atlanta, July 8-12. • The National Negro Business League will meet in Muskogee, Okla., in August. • Institutes for colored teachers are being held in thirty-three places in Alabama during the summer. • The Empire State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met at Concord Baptist Church in Brooklyn, N. Y., July 1, 2 and 3. • The Grand Lodge of the Knights of Pythias of Virginia met in Richmond in June. • About fifty publications were represented at the annual meeting of the Colored Newspaper Men's Association of Texas in Dallas. • State associations of colored women's clubs are planning for the national meeting on August 2 in Chicago. ECONOMICS THROUGH the efforts of H. P. Ewing, a successful colored farmer, the Kaw Valley Truck Farm Company has been incorporated under the laws of Kansas. One hundred and five acres just west of Armour-dale, Kansas, have been leased. The capital stock of $5,000 is divided into 500 shares, • Colored people in Philadelphia have fourteen building and loan associations, fifteen insurance companies, two hospitals, a bank doing over $1,000,000 worth of business, and own $10,000,000 worth of real estate. • It is said that young colored men between twenty and thirty years of age have acquired fifty houses in Bennetsville, N. C, during the past five years. • Up to June 30, the last day for the payment of income tax, $10,000,000 had been paid into the office of Charles W. Anderson, the colored Internal Revenue Collector. Collector Anderson has the richest district in New York in which 15,000 people are estimated to have an income of more than $1,-000,000,000. Five million dollars will probably be paid in before the extra time has expired. • The Afro-American Realty and Amusement Company of St. Louis has purchased a corner lot about 130 feet square for a $150,000 building which will contain a theatre, club rooms, and offices. • The colored people of Charlotte, N. C, who form about one-half of the population of the city, own one-seventh of the city land in 1,225 city lots. There are 762 colored men listed for poll tax between the ages of twenty-one and fifty years. GHETTO A REPORT by Edith Elmer Wood in the Southern Workman tells that in 1906 one-seventh of the Negro population of Washington lived in alleys. In 1912 conditions had been greatly improved, partly because of new sanitary laws, and largely because the inhabitants of the alleys desired better homes. But still the death rate on the streets of Washington was 17.32 per thousand of population, and in the alleys it was 28.52. The Alley Elimination Bill is now before the Senate and House.  This bill pro- ## 168 THE CRISIS vieles that ten years after its passage there shall be no more inhabited alleys in Washington. • About eight hundred colored people gathered in a mass meeting in Louisville, Ky., on July 5, to protest against the segregation ordinance recently passed in that city. Dr. Joel E, Spingarn, President of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and Prof. William Pickens of Talladega College, spoke. Funds were pledged for a legal fight, • Prof. Carl J. Murphy, an instructor of German in Howard University, was refused accomodation in the main dining room of the ship Koenigen Luise of the North German Lloyd Steamship Company. He was told that he must take his meals in the smoking room. He returned the ticket which he had purchased and secured passage on another steamer. • A crowd of two hundred white men wrecked a moving picture house for colored people in Jackson, Miss. They ran the ticket seller out of the office, cut the wires, disconnected the moving picture apparatus and locked the doors. • The management of the Y. M. C. A. in Detroit, Mich., has decided that colored members will no longer be admitted. The Detroit branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is protesting. • When George Baxter, a colored man working in a mine in Pottsville, Pa., was seriously injured by an explosion, the local hospital refused to take him in on account of color. His employer obtained a mandamus which would have eventually admitted the wounded man to the hospital, but he died while the argument was going on. The charter of the hospital prohibits discrimination. • Several of the white nurses resigned from the Charity Hospital in New Orleans when colored nurses were admitted. Colored nurses were admitted because the supply of white nurses was not large enough. • Plans for sleeping tents in a park for poor mothers and their children have been made by the Mothers' Congress in St. Louis, Mo. Colored women raised $127 which they wished to contribute to the care of colored women and children, but the President of the Mothers' Congress, a white Woman, reported that Park Commissioner Davis did not approve of provisions for colored children as was planned at first. CRIME THE following colored men have been lynched since the last report: William Robinson, accused of killing a white man, was lynched near Navasoto, 'Jex. Samuel Bains was shot by a sheriff in a posse which hunted him down near Warrior, Ala.; he was wanted for robbery and lar-cency. John Smith, accused of holding up and robbing a pay-car of the Gilchrist Ford-ney Company near Stearns, La., was lynched at Louisville, Miss. • A young colored woman, Miss Mary Brooks, was shopping with her mother in Nashville, Tenn., when some dispute concerning change arose. The floor walker settled the matter and then ordered them out. When they did not move fast enough he assaulted them, knocking both of them down and beating the mother while a clerk held Miss Brooks. • John Frazier, a partially deaf colored man of Nashville, Tenn., is dead from a blow on the head inflicted by a white officer. The officer had arrested a man and Frazier started across the street to see what the trouble was. He was ordered back but did not understand at first and when he did start back the officer ran and struck him a fatal blow across the head, allowing his prisoner to escape. • Charles M. Doran, a white man, was stabbed by Edward Anderson, a colored man, in self defense at St. Paul, Minn. Anderson was on the car with a colored woman whom Moran thought to be white. When the two colored people got off the car Moran and a party of friends got off also and in-terferred, threatening to shoot the Negro and crying, "lynch the nigger," with the above result. • William Brion, a colored man of Coates-ville, Pa., came near losing his life at the hands of a mob for scolding some boys who were throwing firecrackers into the street. He was knocked on the back of his head with a glass bottle which made a deep cut. He drew his knife and cut two men in the crowd. He was hurried off to jail, • Fred Young killed James Hollis; both are white men. Young mistook Hollis for a colored man, John Farmer, for whom a posse was hunting. ## MEN OF THE MONTH MISS HALLIE QUINN BROWN A PUBLIC SPEAKER THE meeting' of the National Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, at Wilber-force this month, makes them, in a sense, the guests of Hallie Quinn Brown. This is as it should be, for of all present forces among colored women, she is perhaps the strongest and most far-reaching. Miss Brown was born at Pittsburg and educated at Wilberforce. She has held positions at Allen University, Tuskegee, and Wilberforce. She has been active in club life, and has published some essays. But it is chiefly as a lecturer and interpreter of literature that Hallie Q. Brown is known all over the country and in Europe. In England she was a delegate to the International Council of Women in 1899, and lectured throughout the country, meeting many of the most distinguished Englishmen. Later she returned to England and raised $10,000 there for the beautiful new dormitory recently erected by the university. In the United States she has lectured in almost every community of the country. Her interpretations of literature, and particularly of Negro authors, are always true and sympathetic, and seldom fail to entertain audiences of all sorts and conditions. Lady Henry Somerset has referred to her "musical voice" and the "charm of her graceful presence." It is rumored that the National Confederation will confer the highest honor on Miss Brown by making her National President in succession  to Mrs. Margaret Washington. Dr. EDWARD Albert Carter ## 170 THE CRISIS M. Diagne M. Gratien Candace M. Rene Boisneuf A BUSY PHYSICIAN  EDWARD ALBERT CARTER was one of twelve children and was born in Virginia in 1881. His father moved to Iowa in 1882 and became a coal miner. Edward attended the public school and then the High School of Oskaloosa, where for a time he walked ten miles a day to his lessons. During the summers he worked as a miner and went to school in winter, graduating from the State University of Iowa in 1903, and the College of Medicine in 1907. He was a member of the German society "Die Germania," the University Mandoline Club, and was elected at the end of his junior year to the "Scimitar and Fez" senior boys society. After receiving the degree of M. D. he was employed as first assistant to the local surgeon for the Buxton Mining Colony, and assistant local surgeon for the Consolidation Coal Company, and the Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company. He is still at Buxton, Iowa, a town of nearly 5,000 inhabitants (nearly all colored miners), and is now local surgeon for the railroad and coal company with a white assistant under him. THREE MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT  THERE are to-day three colored members of the French Chamber of Deputies, and as Le Journal says :  "Is not this evidence of the good instruction which our brothers in the colonies receive?"   M. Gra-tien Candaee and M. Rene  Boisneuf are deputies   from the Island   of Guadeloupe.   Candace studied in France, is a professor of science, and was attached to the Ministry of Works under Vivi-ani.    Boisneuf was for many years Mayor of Pointe-a-Pitre, Guadeloupe.  M. Di-agne, formerly Collector of Customs, is a deputy from Senegal,   West Africa. Imagine   a black member of the English Parliament from South Africa, or a black Congressman from   Mississippi! They do things better in France. Mrs. Waterloo Bullock Snelson ## MEN OF THE MONTH 171 Miss Charlotte Searles A BRILLIANT WIFE MRS. WATERLOO BULLOCK SNEL-SON was born in Atlanta, Ga., and married to the Rev. Floyd G. Snelson in 1890. She was a graduate of Atlanta University, a teacher in the public schools, and a club woman. In Georgia she organized the first colored women's club; in San Francisco she founded an orphans' home; in New England she edited a club paper, the Northeastern, for two years; in the Bermudas she met large numbers of English and American visitors and the Bermuda Advocate said, "This talented lady is unquestionably an acquisition to the community, of pre-possessing appearance and engaging personality." In fact, Mrs. Snelson was in many ways  the ideal wife for the itinerant Methodist preacher: she lectured, sang and worked. She even occupied her husband's pulpit, and she brought up a family of four children ; with all this work and her own restless nervous energy she was personally charming, full of humor, and one of the most beautiful women in America. A LEFT HANDED STRUGGLE "I WOULD give my right hand to be able to do that." Would you? And if you did, how would you fight out the rest of your life without it? And if, at the same time, you were also deprived of your right foot, would you consider life worth the struggle, especially if entirely dependent upon your own resources for support? This is the way one woman proved that success depends more upon brains than upon hands or feet: In 1861 Charlotte Searles, a colored girl of sixteen, of Galesburg, 111., lost both right hand and right foot in an accident. "Poor child, poor dear child, nothing for her to do but study for a teacher," said they all. But the girl did not intend to have the plan of her life shattered by a cruel fate. Sewing she loved and sewing she was determined to do. Two days after the accident she spied a partly hemmed handkerchief on the table near her bed. Beaching for it she pinned one corner to the quilt and one to her shoulder. Then and there the left hand come into its own, beginning its work of more than half a century. Dressmaking, hemstitching, machine work, all neatly done, bear witness to its accomplishments. THE AWAKENING. By Otto Bohanan A Misty star in a misty sky, But never a sign of moon! And the lone star pales to the lone]y eye Mid the heart's lamenting croon. A night of years and a night of tears! Where the rain is sobbing low. And the wild heart grieves mid the withered leaves, Dead dreams of long ago! ## OPINION THE SUFFRAGE the cost of settling things wrong No time is gained by settling a great question wrong. The disfranchisement of the southern Negro is illegal and immoral. The result is that it continues to be a live question in the South. Every matter which brings up in the slightest degree the question of voting opens the whole argument. For instance, Annie Riley Hale, who is "Opposed," sends this warning to the New Orleans Times-Democrat: "A mass meeting in Carnegie Hall, opened and presided over by the Mayor, closed the New York program for what is henceforth to be known as 'Suffragette Day.' "An incident fraught with special interest to Southerners—and the immediate inspiration of this letter—occurred in Riverside Park, near Grant's tomb, when Mrs. Inez Milholland-Boissevain was speaking. A man in the crowd asked her: 'How are you going to give the vote to colored women?' She promptly replied: 'Why, certainly, we intend to give the vote to colored women in precisely the same way we shall give it to all other women.' "Will Mrs. Helen Gardener, Miss Jean Gordon, Ellen Glasgow et al, kindly sit up and make a note of this? They and their suffragette following in the South have been hugging the fond illusion that white women could obtain the ballot through a State law which would exclude the Negro women ; but happily not many Southern men are obsessed with any such impracticable nonsense about law making." A staff correspondent of the Macon Telegraph speaks of the instability of the present disfranchisement laws of the South and continues: "There was no difference among the white Democratic voters of Georgia as to white supremacy.   All were in accord as to that. It was a question of expediency. We had by our white primary absolutely gotten rid of the Negro vote. This was done by common consent. Nothing done since has made it more effective. "As to the wisdom, under the circumstances, of putting our white primary system into a statute, there was honest difference of opinion. For there was at the time quite a distinct movement to cut down representation according to the vote in the Southern States. Had this been pushed by Republicans as threatened Georgia would not have been amenable, because she had not disfranchised any voters. She accomplished her purpose without any statute law, and hence her representation could not be disturbed, as nothing prevented the Negro voters from holding their own primary—something we all knew they would not do. Our primary nullified no Federal statute. "The Republicans being in full power by sufferance did not disturb the disfranchisement acts. But there is no stability to them now. Read the debate between the lamented Senator Bacon and Senator Root on the Bristow amendment and discover the facts in the ease. There you see the situation. *   * * "The foundation for enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment was laid when the Bristow amendment was passed. It has put the Democrats in a hole. We whipped ourselves by introducing that Sutherland amendment in the Senate. It brought the Bristow amendment, and that gave Congress absolute control of all registration and elections of a national character. Senator Root maintained that it conferred the power on Congress to declare the "disfranchisement" acts void. The debate between Senator Bacon and Senator Root will disclose the situation. * * * "So there is no stability about our 'disfranchisement' acts. A few years may show that it had been wiser to have stuck to our ## OPINION 173 efficient white primary system. The day may come when the name of Clarke of Arkansas, who proved traitor to his party on this Bristow amendment, will be hissed by all southern people. Mr. Bryan insisted on the change in the election of Senators, the Bristow amendment and all, because, he said, 'it would be a stepping-stone to other reforms' he had in contemplation, one of which is the election of President by the masses at large, regardless of States." The perpetual discussion of the Negro problem in the South leaves little time for anything else. The Washington Times points out that "one of the penalties southern States are paying for the privilege of eliminating the Negro from their politics springs from the largely inefficient constitutions through which this elimination was brought about. The States were so determined to destroy the Negro vote that they forgot other considerations which now rise up to plague them. The final decision of the Supreme Court on these constitutional inhibitions of Negro voting is expected within a week, and it will be a curious circumstance if all the trouble and inconvenience they represent shall go for naught." On the other hand, the papers of the North continue to hammer at the southern rotten boroughs. The Watertown (N. Y.) Standard says : "If representatives were fixed upon votes east the southern States would be less of a factor in Washington.   As it stands 1,000 southern   voters   have   as   much political power as 10,000 citizens of the North who vote.   The Republican party should be more concerned in preventing the South voting Negroes it drives from the polls than in lessening southern representation in national conventions when the disproportion is due not to the lack of Republican votes but to the failure of government to protect the rights of such voters.   In the election of 1912, Georgia with 121,000 votes had 14 electors, while Maine with 129,000 had 6; Alabama with 98,000 cast 12 votes in the electoral college, and South Dakota with 116,000 votes, 6; Mississippi on 64,000 cast 10 and Rhode Island with 77,000, 5; South Carolina cast 9 on 50,000 votes and Montana 4 on 78,000. The parallel runs throughout the list of States, the South exercising greater power for voting population than other sections." The Boston Advertiser continues with this strong utterance: "In other words, if the House of Representatives were honestly and legally made up in obedience to the Constitution, instead of ten seats in the House, Alabama would have five; instead of seven, Arkansas would have five; instead of four, Florida would have two; instead of eight, Louisiana would have four; instead of six, Maryland would have four; instead of eight, Mississippi would have four; instead of sixteen, Missouri would have thirteen; instead of ten, North Carolina would have five; instead of seven, South Carolina would have four; instead of eighteen, Texas would have twelve. In other words, there are at least more than thirty members of the House of Representatives who are sitting there illegally and in absolute defiance of the constitution of the United States. "President Wilson knows this. He knows that the Electoral College which chose him as President was packed to that extent with fraudulent votes. He accepted the fraudulent votes complaisantly, without any thought of protest. Although he is sworn to obey and to defend the Constitution of the United States, he winks at this violation, every day of his term as President. That is why we say that, in honoring his right and honest and manly stand on the right of the Negro to some consideration as a human being and a citizen, he is utterly inconsistent, in shutting his eyes so deliberately to a great wrong, which he has already sworn to abolish." SOCIAL EQUALITY Some Curious Arguments Like the question of voting, the deeper question as to whether Negroes have the right to be treated in all respects as men according to their attainments, insists upon discussing itself. Often the discussion is brought on by the deliberate attempt to force people into an extreme position. For instance, the Cleveland Gazette says: "Wednesday's Cleveland Leader announced in its news-columns that Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard in his address at the Chamber of Commerce, Tuesday, 'advocated a national law to prevent the inter-marriage of whites and Negroes.' Wednesday's Plain Dealer in its news-columns stated that Mr. Villard said:   'Inter-marriage of whites and ## 174 THE CRISIS Negroes is opposed by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The Association, however, also fights laws forbidding inter-marriage, holding the problem will solve itself, naturally.' We do not believe that Mr. Villard advocated any such 'national law,' or that the N. A. A. C. P. 'is opposed to the inter-marriage of whites and Negroes,' as stated in Wednesday's Cleveland Leader and Plain Dealer. However, we await a communication from Mr. Villard." Mr. Villard promptly replied: "In reporting my recent address before the Cleveland Chamber of Commerce you declared that I advocated a national law to prevent inter-marriage with whites and Negroes. This is quite incorrect. I stated that neither the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People nor myself individually advocated or urged inter-marriage, but that we were absolutely opposed to any laws forbidding inter-marriage, since we hold that this is a matter of individual right to be controlled by public opinion. I stated distinctly that if inter-marriage between blacks and whites was a wrong against nature, nature herself would visit the severest punishment upon those inter-marrying." Those all too eager folk who have based their opposition to the decent and legal intermingling of white and colored races on biological grounds have had small comfort this month. Professor Franz Boas, of Columbia, went to California, the hot-bed of anti-Japanese feeling, and said : "All this feeling out here in California against the inter-marriage of Americans and Japanese as well as between whites and other oriental peoples, is simply foolish sentimentality without the slightest biological foundation. "Practically all the population of Europe is the product of the most widely divergent racial inter-mixtures. Humanity, fundamentally, is very nearly identical the world over, no matter what may be the color or race." And then Professor Jacques Loeb, of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, said at the recent Sagamore Conference: "Biology has nothing to support the supposition that a pure white or a pure black race is superior to a mulatto. On the contrary, Luther Burbank's success lies in finding breeds that possess superior powers of resistance to climatic and other hardships. Various other scientists, biologists and eu-genicists have found that the offspring of mixed races are the hardier offspring. "While in some cases a mixed progeny is worse, in others it is better than a pure breed, and that scientific fact is enough to show the absurdity of the belief in the South that the inter-marriage of the white and black races should be considered a felony. 'America is itself the result of a mixture of races.'" The Portland Journal does not, of course, like this sort of thing and when one of the high school teachers of Seattle remarked at a public meeting, "Perhaps all of us would be handsomer if we had a dash of Negro blood in us," called this "open-mindedness" startling and unfortunate. But the Portland Advocate, the colored paper, replies : "Uncle Sam's most handsome women are the quadroons and octoroons of the South. Even in the state of Washington can the writer point out scores of families with a dash of Negro blood in them, yea, not only a dash, but a goodly proportion, and they are not only exceedingly handsome, but far above the average person in intelligence. One of the members of the first legislature of the state of Washington was the son of a man, who was jet black, and yet he passed for white. One of the mayors of Tacoma was a Negro in the middle west. Some of the most prominent attorneys in Seattle have heavy dashes of Negro blood in them. In fact, in every city of any size in the state of Washington are to be found one or more persons with great dashes of Negro blood in them, but who pass for white. So, if the leading thinkers have condemned the idea of the white man having a dash of Negro blood in him, they have done so without having the facts to bear out their allegations. It is a fact that the white men and women with a clash of Negro blood in them are not only the finest looking, but are really the most intelligent." It takes the St. Luke's Herald, another colored paper, to do the plain talking: "Why sneer at the North for wanting a federal divorce law ? Why sneer at the North for not having a law against mixed marriages? Why sneer at the North about miscegenation? Miscegenation is a product of the South. "Why doesn't the southern press inveigh against the miscegenation which existed from Jamestown  to  Appomattox? Why## OPINION 175 doesn't the southern press pour out its vials of wrath upon the southern white men who made the Negro a half white person? "It seems that illicit cohabitation between the races is to be winked at, and hardly noticed; but, should there be an attempt to marry then a crime is committed." We think, however, that for curious reasoning, the letter of George R. Miller, of Wilmington, Delaware, in the Friends' Intelligencer, is most striking. He objects to the dropping of the sub-committee on work among Negroes, and says: "If, as I understand, the idea is to get away from the thought of their being black and on that account different from the white race, then you are going to increase the great prejudice which already exists in the minds of so many who will immediately conclude that we wish to place them on a basis of equality with the white race in every respect. There are very few Friends, if any, who are willing to admit them into their families on a perfect social equality, which of course "would include intermarrying with them." The Philadelphia Press reminds us that a "colored" person may ascend the throne of England since the Countess Zia Torby is engaged to Prince Alexander of Battenburg. The Countess is a direct descendant of Hannibal, the coal-black body servant of Peter the Great of Russia. Hannibal was a giant in stature and was brought as a slave from the Sudan. He became eventually a general in the Russian army and was ennobled. His grandson was Alexander Pushkin, the father of Russian literature. The Countess Zia Torby is the grand-daughter of Pushkin's youngest daughter who recently died and was known as the Countess Natalie Merenberg. Finally, the New York Times has this note of the social equality "mystery" in Birmingham, Alabama: "A truly curious manifestation of racial feeling has just occured in Birmingham, Ala. At a theatre in that city there was recently given a performance in the course of which a white woman and a black man both danced, not, indeed, together, but in such quick succession that in the opinion of the spectators the two were brought into contrast or comparison. There was vehement hissing of the "act," and many people protested by quitting the place. On the following morning The Birmingham News reported the conduct of the audience with evident approval, and immediately the police compelled the elimination of the Negro dancer. The next move was the withdrawal by the manager of the theatre of all advertising from The News, and now that paper makes serious editorial comment on the various phases of the episode." EDUCATION the squirming south The Columbia State says: "In the northern part of this country are a few, a very few, scholarly and earnest men, some of them rich, who believe in the equality of the races and who wish to see it established in politics and in social life. They are mistaken men, they are sadly wrong, but it is a fact that they are doing what they can to promote this equality. It is with facts that we are concerned. "When one of them considers the condition of affairs in South Carolina, what does he see? "He sees about ten per cent, of the white men illiterate and more than fifty per cent, of them landless. "Twenty thousand out of sixty-five thousand land-owning farmers Negroes. "Ability to read and write or ownership of property taxed at $300 the qualifications for suffrage. "The Negroes sending larger numbers of children to school than the whites are sending. "Acres of land owned by Negroes increasing in number while acres owned by whites decrease. "Negroes qualifying for suffrage in rapidly increasing numbers both by acquiring education and acquiring lands. "White men of South Carolina refusing to enact compulsory school attendance laws, so allowing illiteracy to breed illiteracy. "Finally, he sees white men maintaining a primary election system to which all white men, regardless of education or property, are admitted and which takes the place of the general elections, so that the illiterate and propertyless white man ceases to care whether he is a qualified elector or not. "Seeing these things in South Carolina the northern fanatic, believing in race equality, aware that race problems do not settle themselves in a generation, sits patiently and waits, smiling that South Carolina, thinking to perpetuate white ascendancy, ## 176 THE CRISIS adopts and practices the only policy that might, in time, endanger it." The New York Nation praises Mr. Rosen-wald's latest benefaction : "The promise of Mr. Julius Rosenwald to duplicate all gifts for Negro rural public schools in the South is no less notable for its wisdom than for its generosity. It is not clear from the dispatches whether this refers only to sums raised by colored people or by others; in either event, it is munificent enough. But Mr. Rosenwald is accustomed to bestowing his benefactions both wisely and generously, as witness what he has done for the Y. M. C. A. movement among the colored people. A number of impressive and useful buildings have arisen because of his aid and inspiration. So disheartening has been the condition of the Negro rural schools—in many counties they offer a mere mockery of education—that the Slater and General Education Boards, as well as the Jeanes Fund which applies itself exclusively to the colored rural public schools, have been devoting themselves to the task of obtaining better supervision, better teachers, and better conditions. If Mr. Rosenwald will now duplicate every dollar raised by the colored people to improve their crossroads schools, a splendid spur for their activities has been provided." The state supervisor of rural schools in Alabama is very frank about the way in which school funds are divided in that state: "Counting the three mill tax, the county taxes, the State appropriations, the various supplemental funds, appropriations to higher institutions, and the appropriations direct from the treasury to the rural schools, together with the income of all private and denominational schools, the total amount expended for education in Alabama for the year 1913 reached the sum of approximately six million dollars. Of this sum about one-half million is contributed to Negro education from the State treasury, and the other half million is the income of private or denominational Negro schools. This leaves five million dollars for the white children of Alabama." LAND THE MENACE OF THRIFT It is most startling to see how the   facts   concerning land ownership    among Negroes strike the South. Figures have recently been published concerning Alabama. Commerce and Finance says: "Negro farmers own or control 5,100,000 acres of land in the State of Alabama, or 350,000 more acres than they controlled in 1900. The colored farmers of the State have under their control 3,563,000 acres of improved land, and are farming 500,000 more acres of improved land than they were cultivating in 1900. In ten years the number of Negro farmers increased 17.3 per cent., and now they own or control one-fourth of all the farm property in Alabama, having an aggregate value of $97,370,000, or 107.5 per cent, more farm property than they controlled at the beginning of the ten-year period." The Public Ledger of Philadelphia has this note: "Colored people own 3,753 farms and other real property in Missouri to the value of $27,768,750. In South Carolina there are 25,000 more colored than white children enrolled in the public schools. All through the South there is a marked movement toward the division of great plantations into small farms, the most of which Negroes acquire as tenants or eventually as owners. There are two phases in the forward movement of the colored race that are of the utmost significance—the one is its intense avidity for education; the other, its reach for agricultural independence." Most of the southern papers seem to regard these facts of advance as a very desperate situation. Even the Omaha World-Herald refers to it as a "new problem" which is "looming." In the North the real estate Indicator of New York City has the impudence to publish an article in which it says: "During recent years a large section of the better part of Harlem has been ruined by their invasion. Actual figures can be cited to prove that they have greatly depreciated real estate values in Harlem and in other parts of the city. This in itself is an indication that their presence is undesirable among us, and that they should not only be disfranchised, but also segregated in some colony in the outskirts of the city, where their transportation and other problems will not inflict injustice and disgust on worthy citizens." Meantime, the policy of race segregation is going merrily round the world.   For in- ## OPINION 177 stance, in the Christian Express (Lovedale, Africa), we find this: "An advertisement in the East London Dispatch, signed by the Town Clerk of East London, intimates that in terms of Amended Regulation No. 7 of the Municipality, the Council has by resolution declared certain streets to be principal streets in addition to those already declared, and that Natives and Asiatics shall not be allowed or authorized to congregate, stand or walk upon any sidewalk or pavement in any such street. It is surely to be regretted that the Council of a town of such enlightenment as East London has thus committed itself to the extended operation of a regulation founded on the reactionary basis of racial ill-feeling, a town that has in many ways testified to its respect for Rhodes and its loyalty to his line of policy, not to mention the name of Jesus Christ and Christianity." HEALTH AND SANITATION the dying negro (?) A census bulletin has been issued covering the mortality statistics in 1913. The Journal of the American Medical Association is "startled" at the figures for Negro mortality, but it is startled because their mortality is compared with white mortality and no comparison is afforded for comparison with the past. If we make a table with such comparisons we find this : 1890 1900 1913 Memphis.................. 29.9 28.6 28.2 Richmond.................. 40.8 38.1 26.8 New Orleans............. 36.6 42.4 31.9 Baltimore................. 36.4 31.2 31.0 Nashville.......... 23.9 32.8 24.0 Atlanta............ 33.5 31.8 25.2 Washington........ 32.7 29.0 24.4 The journal says that on account of sanitary reforms there will be a more reasonable balance between the rates of the two races in the future. The Springfield Republican adds that there will, "if in the meantime a stop is put to the segregation movement in southern cities. Poor blacks, as well as poor whites, need to learn a deal more about sanitation. But even in the North the Negro has little choice of residence districts. He usually is not allowed to live in the choice sections, even if he has the money to buy or rent property there. In the South he is herded into the least desirable quarters, both by pressure of poverty and the segregation laws aforesaid. People living in narrow streets or alleys, amid smoke and smell, in antiquated and ruinous buildings, have not the best possible chance to preserve their health. Certainly they do not compete for life on equal terms with their neighbors of the dominant race." The Anti-Slavery Reporter says: "With increasing insistence which gives promise of debate on the Colonial Office Vote, the scandal of our colonial medical service has been pressed to the front. Mr. Jowett and Mr. MacCallum Scott have been drawing information from the Colonial Secretary which, when pieced together later on, will constitute a strong case for the admission to the Colonial medical service of a fair proportion of colored medical men. It is little short of a grave scandal that men other than those of a pure European descent are refused entrance to the service in certain of our colonies. Very few will question the assertion that many of our merchants and administrators have left offspring, scattered all over the Crown colonies; are these children, who did not ask to be brought into their unfortunate position, to be denied an education and opportunity of livelihood by the very circles which have brought them into existence? Again, as all taxation, in the ultimate resort, comes from the natives, are their children, in possession of European qualifications, to be denied the opportunity of ministering under the Government to the sick and afflicted of their own race? Let those who hold such unjust theories beware of an alert House of Commons, the members of which are certainly not prepared to act as passive onlookers whilst these deeds are practised. I am one of those who greatly admire the work of our colonial officials, but I fear they do not realize the new spirit which is springing up in the House, and in all friendliness I would urge our men not to make the fatal mistake of believing that native questions are being watched only by one or two of the more irresponsible members—the ear of the House is becoming increasingly sensitive to the plea of native races for justice." COLORED OPINION notes from the negro press The criticism of the colored press is still being kept up, mostly in good spirit. The Journal and Guide, Norfolk, Virginia, thinks that the resolution passed ## 178 THE CRISIS by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People at its Baltimore meeting, on the Negro Press, was by way of apology for The Crisis. This resolution said : "The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People recognizes the value of the work which the Negro press has been doing for years, and that against great odds, for the upbuilding of the colored people of this country and the development of race consciousness. In those parts of the country where the white press is in a conspiracy of silence regarding the wrongs suffered by the colored people, the Negro press has been the only agency to voice complaint and appeal for redress of grievances. The Association wishes for the Negro press an increase in prosperity and influence for the future and invites its co-operation in the war which is now on." The Crisis is especially interested in finding support for its stand in an unexpected quarter.   The New York Age says: "Even our religious publications, which should contain, for the most part, helpful discussions by our wisest and best churchmen and laymen, of the matters of higher light and leading in the life of the people, are given over to personal mention and the small goings and doings of bishops and pastors." And it adds: "There should be a concerted effort on the part of colored editors to so educate the colored reading public that it will desire fuller discussion of the world's thought and work and less of its personal, social and scandalous tittle-tattle." Et tu Brute? St. Luke's Herald has this editorial on race idealism : "Our homes are filled with books which deride and belittle us; faces of great white men and women crowd each other on our walls. Only books recording the achievements of other men and women are in our children's hands. Our school walls are filled with everybody's great men and women, save our own, and yet, we are surprised that the Negro lacks race pride, race co-operation, and race ideals. "The greatest Negro school in the country is Howard University, with nearly 1,500 students, representing 35 Slates and the District of Columbia. If race ideals are to be taught in any school in this country, one would most assuredly expect to find -it in Howard University, Washington, D. C. Yet, in this great Negro School, the walls bear not one Negro face, despite the distinguished alumni and alumnae which the university has produced." The Nashville Globe rejoices over a signal victory : "The winning of the suit against the Louisville and Nashville Railroad by the people of Hopkinsville, Ky., was a signal victory for the Negroes, not only of that city and county, but of the whole South. The fact that the best white people of that community were with the colored people proves that the best white people of the South want the colored people to be treated justly, and when the colored people themselves show that they know what is right and just, the best white people are always found standing by them in a demand for justice. "Negroes are not asking that the laws be repealed, but instead that they be enforced. It is an outrage to compel women and men to pay first-class fare and endure what most of the railroads give them for their money. The laws all say that equal accommodations shall be provided for all passengers. The St. Louis Globe Democrat thinks that it is impractical to ask the railroad to provide special coaches for colored people, but that is not the trouble of the colored people. They did not make the law, they are, however, made to obey the law, and since they are made to obey the law they are asking that all other parties to the contract do the same thing. They are not asking for any second-class fare, but for full value for money they invest." The Louisville News has an editorial on slavery. "In the turpentine camps of Florida are employed by contract colored convicts, and it is stated upon reliable authority that no condition of servitude, savagery or serfdom has ever equalled the state of abandonment and hopelessness of these poor devils. They are leased by the State to an association at so much a head, and the association in turn sells them at $400 or more a head per annum to private contractors, who take them to the various turpentine camps of the State. In these infested swamps and marshes, with little or no protection for their bodies and under the supervision of mounted guards, they are compelled to labor unceasingly day and night." ## EDITORIAL VOTES FOR WOMEN THIS fall the voters of six states certainly, and possibly eight, will vote on  woman's suffrage. In North and South Dakota, Montana, Nevada, Missouri and Nebraska elections are scheduled and attempts are being made to include this question in the fall elections of Oklahoma and Ohio. The Negro population of these eight states is 552,054. Assuming that the black voters of Oklahoma will be largely disfranchised it is, nevertheless, probable that 80,000 Negro voters will be asked to vote for or against the extension of the right of suffrage to women. How should they vote ? A colored woman writes us from New Haven: May I ask if through your columns you will answer some questions regarding Woman Suffrage and the colored woman? Our white friends come and tell us that we can do so much for ourselves when we get the ballot. Please tell me how we are going to do so much for ourselves? Will not the proportionate vote be the same as now? Should not the white women consider the betterment of the colored people as well as the foreigner who comes to our shores, because conditions are better here than in his own country? I attended a meeting a short time ago and the speaker invited questions. She had spoken of almost everything possible except the problems (hat vitally concern the people addressed. I asked lier why the women were silent on the lynching of colored people in the South and on the unjust marriage laws and other laws discriminating against the Negro. She replied: "We have to take up the most important subjects, we cannot bother with everything under the sun and there are so many other things more important than lynching. As for marriage laws, we have to have some laws regulating marriage between races. For my part, I do not believe in marriage between Americans and Europeans." Now, Mr. Editor, this woman is a highly educated woman, but does not that sound like shallow reasoning? Are not Americans made up of all nations of Europe? Now what are we trying to do for ourselves if that is the way that the women who are working for votes for women feel towards the problem of the colored woman? Have we any right to believe that they will work for our cause after they get the ballot, if they do not feel willing to take up such questions now? Has the past history of our race anything to give us such encouragement? Let us answer frankly, there is not the slightest reason for supposing that white American women under ordinary circumstances are going to be any more intelligent, liberal or humane toward the black, the poor and unfortunate than white men are. On the contrary, considering what the subjection of a race, a class or a sex must mean, there will undoubtedly manifest itself among women voters at first, more prejudice and petty meanness toward Negroes than we have now. It is the awful penalty of injustice and oppression to breed in the oppressed the desire to oppress others. The southern white women who form one of the most repressed and enslaved groups of modern civilized women will undoubtedly, at first, help willingly and zealously to disfranchize Negroes, cripple their schools and publicly insult them. Nevertheless, votes for women must and ought to come and the Negroes ## 180 THE CRISIS should help bring this to pass for these reasons : 1. Any extension of democracy involves a discussion of the fundamentals of democracy. 2. If it is acknowledged to be unjust to disfranchise a sex it cannot be denied that it is absurd to disfranchise a color. 3. If the North enfranchises women, the proportion of unselfish intelligent voters among Negroes will be increased, and the proportion of Negro voters whom white politicians have trained to venality will be decreased. 4. If when the North enfranchises, women the South refuses, or enfranchises only the whites, then the discrepancy between North and South in the votes cast will be even greater than now ; at present the southern white voter has from five to seven times the power of the northern voter. How long would the nation endure an increase or even a doubling of this power? It would not take long before southern representatives in Congress would be cut down or colored women enfranchised. 5. Granting that first tendencies would make the woman voter as unfair in race rights as the man, there would be in the long run a better chance to appeal to a group that knows the disadvantage and injustice of disfranchisement by experience, than to one arrogant and careless, with power. And in all cases the broader the basis of democracy the surer is the universal appeal for justice to win ultimate hearing and sympathy. Therefore: Votes for Women. m "DON'T BE BITTER!" IS it riot singular that so white folk in advis-ing black folk—and the ancient industry of ad-vising blacks is booming just now—are careful to say, first and last: "Don't be bitter!" Why is there this insistence on the necessity of a sweet and even temper as an asset in life? Manifestly it is because most Americans who know or who begin faintly to realize the difficulties, complications and insults of a dark man's life today cannot imagine them-selves suffering such wrongs without resorting to dynamite or suicide. With the best will, therefore, they hasten to say: "Don't be bitter—don't mind—look on the bright side—and— and—" —then they trail off helplessly and look you rather miserably and apologetically in the face. Recently in Atlanta five hundred colored college students met to consider the student volunteer movement. They had been invited, after several years' hesitation, by Mr. John K. Mott, who has been making a desperate attempt for twenty-five years to avoid the "Negro Problem" in his missionary enterprises. He found five hundred earnest, thoughtful young people and he selected among others a southern white man to tell them not to be "bitter!" The white man sailed into his task jauntily. He told of the mission of the races—"strength" from one race, "enterprise" from another, "aggression" from a third and from Negroes "submission"—then he looked into one thousand eyes and he paused. The sweat began to ooze out on his forehead and his sentences got mixed. Did he see "bitterness" in those eyes? No! but he did not see submission. "At least," he stammered, "your fathers and mothers—I don't know about you all" and he tried a pleasant little interlude which faded to a sickly grin. When at last he sat down even his white friends in the audience knew that he had missed his opportunity. They knew still more when a black man, William Pickens, stood up and with unanswerable logic told Mr. Mott and his friends that Christianity for black men started with the right to vote and nothing less. If our friends mean by bitterness, the futile, impatient gestures of disgust, the wildly boastful word and dumb despair, let them save their advice. Colored Americans are not gesticulating nor ## EDITORIAL 181 yelling, nor committing suicide in numbers large enough to be alarming. But they are looking this nation more and more squarely in the eyes. They are asking in calm, level voice: "How long do you expect to keep up this foolishness and how long do you expect us to submit to it?" That is all. We are just asking. Do you suggest duties for us to attend to? Very good, we shall try to attend to them; we have tried in the past, as you may remember, and we are trying now, as the Census reports prove, but at the same time we keep asking the question: "How long? How much more? What next?" This is what we are doing; if this be bitterness, we are bitter. THE PRIZE FIGHTER BOXING is an ancient sport. It is mentioned in Homer's Iliad and Virgil's Aeneid and was a recognized branch of the celebrated Olympic games. During the middle age boxing went out of style among most nations, the preference being given to various sorts of encounters with weapons. In England it was revived in the Seventeenth Century, and fighting with bare fists became a national sport in the Eighteenth Century. Boxing gloves were invented late in that century, and in the beginning of the Nineteenth Century, John Jackson (note the prophecy!) became champion and teacher of Lord Byron and other great and titled personages. Gradually the more brutal features of the sport were eliminated and the eighth Marquess of Queensberry drew up a set of rules in the sixties which have since prevailed. There is still today some brutality connected with boxing, but as compared with football and boat racing it may be seriously questioned whether boxing deserves to be put in a separate class by reason of its cruelty.   Certainly it is a highly civilized pastime as compared with the international game of war which produces so many "heroes" and national monuments. Despite all this, boxing has fallen into disfavor—into very great disfavor. To see publications like the New York Times roll their eyes in shivery horror at the news from Paris (to which it is compelled to give a front page) makes one realize the depths to which we have fallen. The cause is clear : Jack Johnson, successor of the Eighteenth Century John Jackson, has out-sparred an Irishman. He did it with little brutality, the utmost fairness and great good nature. He did not "knock" his opponent senseless. Apparently he did not even try. Neither he nor his race invented prize fighting or particularly like it. Why then this thrill of national disgust? Because Johnson is black. Of course, some pretend to object to Mr. Johnson's character. But we have yet to hear, in the case of white America, that marital troubles have disqualified prize fighters or ball players or even statesmen. It comes down, then, after all to this unforgivable blackness. Wherefore we conclude that at present prize fighting is very, very immoral, and that we must rely on football and war for pastime until Mr. Johnson retires or permits himself to be "knocked out." m WE want to call the attention of our readers to the extraordinary advertisement of books in this number of The Crisis. The Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People counts among its members some distinguished authors. Several of these have consented to advertise their chief works with us. The result is remarkable in many ways. It shows the strength and influence of our Association and it shows a belief in high quarters that the readers of The Crisis read books.   Is this true? ## Social Life in Colored America ## iii.—A Dinner at the Loendi Club, Pittsburg ##  HOW THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE BEGAN By Mart White Ovington THE National Association for the Ad-vancemeut of Colored People is five years old—old enough, it is believed, to have a history; and I, who am perhaps its first member, have been chosen as the person to recite it. As its work since 1910 has been set forth in its annual reports, I shall make it my task to show how it came into existence and to tell of its first months of work. In the summer of 1908, the country was shocked by the account of the race riots at Springfield, Illinois. Here, in the home of Abraham Lincoln, a mob, containing many of the town's "best citizens," raged for two days, killed and wounded scores of Negroes, and drove thousands from the city. Arti-cles on the subject appeared in newspapers and magazines. Among them was one in the Independent of September 3d, by William English Walling, entitled "Race War in the North." After describing the atrocities committed against the colored people, Mr. Walling declared: "Either the spirit of the abolitionists, of Lincoln and of Lovejoy must be revived and we must come to treat the Negro on a plane of absolute political and social equality, or Vardaman and Tillman will soon have transferred the race war to the North." And he ended with these words, "Yet who realizes the seriousness of the situation, and what large and powerful body of citizens is ready to come to their aid?" It so happened that one of Mr. Walling's readers accepted his question and answered it. For four years I had been studying the status of the Negro in New York. I had investigated his housing conditions, his health, his opportunities for work. I had spent many months in the South, and at the time of Mr. Walling's article, I was living in a New York Negro tenement on a Negro street. And my investigations and my surroundings led me to believe with the writer of the article that "the spirit of the abolitionists must be revived." So I wrote to. Mr. Walling, and after some days, for he was in the West, we met in New York in the first week of the year 1909. With us was Br. Henry Moskowitz, now prominent in the administration of John Purroy Mitchell, Mayor of New York. It was then that the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People was born. It was born in a little room of a New York apartment. It is to be regretted that there are no minutes of the first meeting, for they would make interesting if unparliamentary reading. Mr. Walling had spent some years in Russia where his wife, working in the cause of the revolutionists, had suffered imprisonment; and he expressed his belief that the Negro was treated with greater inhumanity in the United States than the Jew was treated in Russia. As Mr. Walling is a Southerner we listened with conviction. I knew something of the Negro's difficulty in securing decent employment in the North and of the insolent treatment awarded him at Northern hotels and restaurants, and I voiced my protest. Dr. Moskowitz, with his broad knowledge of conditions among New York's helpless immigrants, aided us in properly interpreting our facts. And so we talked and talked, voicing our indignation. Of course, we wanted to do something at once that should move the country. It was January. Why not choose Lincoln's birthday, February 12, to open our campaign ? We decided, therefore, that a wise immediate action would be the issuing on Lincoln's birthday of a call for a national conference on the Negro question. At this conference we might discover the beginnings, at least, of that "large and powerful body of citizens" of which Mr. Walling had written. And so the meeting adjourned. Something definite was determined upon, and our next step was to call others into our councils. We at once turned to Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, editor of the Evening Post. He received our suggestions with enthusiasm, and aided us in securing the co-operation of able and representative men and women. It was he who drafted the Lincoln's birthday call and helped to give it wide publicity. I give the Call in its entirety since it expresses, I think, better than anything else we have published, the spirit of those who are active in the Association's cause. "The celebration of the Centennial of the birth of Abraham Lincoln, widespread and grateful as it may be, will fail to justify ## HOW THE N. A. A. C. P. BEGAN 185 itself if it takes no note of and makes no recognition of the colored men and women to whom the great emancipator labored to assure freedom. Besides a day of rejoicing, Lincoln's birthday in 1909 should be one of taking stock of the nation's progress since 1865. "How far has it lived up to the obligations imposed upon it by the Emancipation Proclamation? How far has it gone in assuring to each and every citizen, irrespective of color, the equality of opportunity and equality before the law, which underlie our American institutions and are guaranteed by the Constitution? "If Mr. Lincoln could revisit this country in the flesh, he would be disheartened and discouraged. He would learn that on January 1, 1909, Georgia had rounded out a new confederacy by disfranchising the Negro, after the manner of all the other Southern States. He would learn that the Supreme Court of the United States, supposedly a bulwark of American liberties, had refused every opportunity to pass squarely upon this disfranchisement of millions, by laws avowedly discriminatory and openly enforced in such manner that the white men may vote and black men be without a vote in their government; he would discover, therefore, that taxation without representation is the lot of millions of wealth-producing American citizens, in whose hands rests the economic progress and welfare of an entire section of the country. "He would learn that the Supreme Court, according to the official statement of one of its own judges in the Berea College case, has laid down the principle that if an individual State chooses, it may 'make it a crime for white and colored persons to frequent the same market place at the same time, or appear in an assemblage of citizens convened to consider questions of a public or political nature in which all citizens, without regard to race, are equally interested.' "In many states Lincoln would find justice enforced, if at all, by judges elected by one element in a community to pass upon the liberties and lives of another. He would see the black men and women, for whose freedom a hundred thousand of soldiers gave their lives, set apart in trains, in which they pay first-class fares for third-class service, and segregated in railway stations and in places of entertainment; he would observe that State after State declines to do its elementary duty in preparing the Negro through education for the best exercise of citizenship. "Added to this, the spread of lawless attacks upon the Negro, North, South, and West—even in the Springfield made famous by Lincoln—often accompanied by revolting brutalities, sparing neither sex nor age nor youth, could but shock the author of the sentiment that 'government of the people, by the people, for the people; shall not perish from the earth.' "Silence under these conditions means tacit approval. The indifference of the North is already responsible for more than one assault upon democracy, and every such attack reacts as unfavorably upon whites as upon blacks. Discrimination once permitted cannot be bridled; recent history in the South shows that in forging chains for the Negroes the white voters are forging chains for themselves. 'A house divided against itself cannot stand'; this government cannot exist half-slave and half-free any better today than it could in 1861. "Hence we call upon all the believers in democracy to join in a national conference for the discussion of present evils, the voicing' of protests, and the renewal of the struggle for civil and political liberty." This call was signed by: Jane Addams, Chicago; Samuel Bowles (Springfield Republican) ; Prof. W. L. Bulkley, New York; Harriet Stanton Blatch, New York; Ida Wells Barnett, Chicago; E. H. Clement, Boston; Kate Claghorn, New York; Prof. John Dewey, New York; Dr. W. E. B. Du-Bois, Atlanta; Mary E. Dreier, Brooklyn; Dr. John L. Elliott, New York; Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Boston; Rev. Francis J. Grimké, Washington, D. C. ; William Dean Howells, New York; Rabbi Emil G. Hirsch, Chicago; Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York; Prof. Thomas C. Hall, New York; Hamilton Holt, New York; Florence Kelley, New York; Rev. Frederick Lynch, New York; Helen Marot, New York; John E. Milhol-Iand, New York; Mary E. McDowell, Chicago; Prof. J. G. Merrill, Connecticut; Dr. Henry Moskowitz, New York; Leonora O'Reilly, New York; Mary W. Ovington, New York; Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, New York; Louis F. Post, Chicago; Rev. Dr. John P. Peters, New York; Dr. Jane Robbins, New York; Charles Edward Russell, New York; Joseph Smith, Boston ; Anna Garlin Spencer, New York; William M. ## 186 THE CRISIS Salter, Chicago; J. Gr. Phelps Stokes, New York; Judge Wendell Stafford, Washington; Helen Stokes, Boston; Lincoln Steffens, Boston; President Thwing, Western Reserve University; Prof. W. I. Thomas, Chicago; Oswald Garrison Villard, New York Evening Post; Rabbi Stephen S. Wise, New York; Bishop Alexander Walters, New York; Dr. William H. Ward, New York; Horace White, New York; William English Walling, New York; Lillian D. Wald, New York; Dr. J. Milton Waldron, Washington, D. C; Mrs. Rodman Wharton, Philadelphia; Susan P. Wharton, Philadelphia; President Mary E. Woolley, Mt. Holyoke College; Prof. Charles Zueblin, Boston. It was thus decided that we could hold a conference, and the next two months were busily spent arranging for it. Among the men and women who attended those first busy committee meetings were, Mr. Ray Stannard Baker, Mr. Alexander Irvine, Dr. Owen M. Waller, Mr. Gaylord S. White, Miss Madeline Z. Doty, Miss Isabel Eaton, besides many of the New York signers of the Call. It was agreed that the conference should be by invitation only, with the one open meeting at Cooper Union. Over a thousand people were invited, the Charity Organization Hall was secured, and, on the evening of May 30th, the conference opened with an informal reception at the Henry Street Settlement, given by Miss Lillian D. Wald, one of the Association's first and oldest friends. The next morning our deliberations began. We have had five conferences since 1909, but I doubt whether any have been so full of a questioning surprise, amounting swiftly to enthusiasm, on the part of the white people in attendance. These men and women, engaged in religious, social and educational work, for the first time met the Negro who demands, not a pittance, but his full rights in the commonwealth. They received a stimulating shock and one which they enjoyed. They did not want to leave the meetings. We conferred all the time, formally and informally, and the Association gained in those days many of the earnest and uncompromising men and women who have since worked unfalteringly in its cause. Mr. William Hayes Ward, senior editor of the Independent, opened the conference, and Mr. Charles Edward Russell, always the friend of those who struggle for opportunity, presided at the stormy session at the close. The full proceedings have been published by the Association. Out of this conference we formed a committee of forty and secured the services of Miss Frances Blascoer, as secretary. We were greatly hampered by lack of funds. Important national work would present itself which we were unable to handle. But our secretary was an excellent organizer, and at the end of a year we had held four mass meetings, had distributed thousands of pamphlets, and numbered our membership in the hundreds. In May, 1910, we held our second conference in New York, and again our meetings were attended by earnest, interested people. It was then that we organized a permanent body to be known as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.  Its officers were: National President, Moorfield Storey, Boston; Chairman of the Executive Committee, William English Walling; Treasurer, John E. Milholland; Disbursing Treasurer, Oswald Garrison Villard; Executive Secretary, Frances Blascoer; Director of Publicity and Research, Dr. W. E. B. DuBois. The securing of a sufficient financial support to warrant our calling Dr. DuBois from Atlanta University to an executive office in the Association was the most important work of the second conference. When Dr. DuBois came to us we were brought closely in touch with an organization of colored people formed in 1905 at Niagara and known as the Niagara Movement. This organization had held important conferences at Niagara, Harpers Ferry, and Boston, and had attempted a work of legal redress along very much the lines upon which the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People was working. Its platform, as presented in a statement in 1905, ran as follows : Freedom of speech and criticism. An unfettered and unsubsidized press. Manhood suffrage. The abolition of all caste distinctions based simply on race and color. The recognition of the principle of human brotherhood as a practical present creed. The recognition of the highest and best training as the monoply of no class or race. A belief in the dignity of labor. United effort to realize these ideals under wise and courageous leadership. In 1910 it had conducted important civil ## HOW THE N. A. A. C. P. BEGAN 187 right's cases and had in its membership some of the ablest colored lawyers in the country, with Mr. W. Ashbie Hawkins, who has since worked with our Association on the Baltimore Segregation acts, as its treasurer. The Niagara Movement, hampered as it was by lack of funds and by an absence of influential white friends, continued to push slowly on, but when the larger possibilities of this new Association were clear, the members of the Niagara Movement were advised to join, as the platforms were practically identical. Many of the most prominent members of the Niagara Movement thus brought their energy and ability into the service of the Association, and eight are now serving on its Board of Directors. Our history, after 1910, may be read in our annual reports, and in the numbers of The Crisis. We opened two offices in the Evening Post Building. With Dr. DuBois came Mr. Frank M. Turner, a Wilberforce graduate, who has shown great efficiency in handling our books. In November of 1910 appeared the first number of The Crisis, with Dr. Dubois as editor, and Mary Dunlop Maclean, whose death has been the greatest loss the Association has known, as managing editor. Our propaganda work was put on a national footing, our legal work was well under way, we were a National Association, pledged to a nation-wide work for justice to the Negro race. As I look back over the past five busy years, I see that we have surmounted many difficulties. We have had to encounter the malicious perversion of our motives by those not in agreement with us, and to defend ourselves against their insincere attacks. We have also been obliged to reaffirm the integrity of our motives to those sincere critics who doubt that a democratic organization of white and colored people is possible. We have had to insist, sometimes to our most ardent enthusiasts, that we demand not faith alone, but works. But through our five years we have steadily gained in efficiency, in power, and in national repute. At our last annual meeting the Chairman of the Board was able to say: "We have more than doubled our membership during the past year, having twenty-four branches and 3,000 members, as against eleven branches and 1,100 members last year. To the Secretary I shall leave the duty of reporting in fuller detail upon our organization, but I must add that at headquarters here at New York we have a staff of fourteen employees. Of these the National Association, as contrasted with The Crisis, our magazine, carries its own staff of five— the Secretary, the Attorney, two stenographers and one clerk." Each year brings us many important questions, and each year we try to give them our wisest, most thoughtful decisions. We are striving to secure the constitutional rights of the colored people, to win "Jim Crow" eases, segregation cases, disfranchisement cases. This brings us in close relation with the courts, the most conservative institution in our commonwealth. At the same time we stand on the audaciously radical platform of the abolition of all caste. Shall we always be the voice of the prophet on the housetop, telling the nation of its sins, or shall we endeavor to practice diplomacy, even in the midst of our agitation? This is a question that may never be satisfactorily answered; but it is interesting to note that the colored people have come to us with their warmest allegiance in proportion to the constructive work we have been able to do. As one of their distinguished scholars wrote me at the close of the Association's first conference: "I trust that the conference will result in real work, I am beginning to feel that too much time is wasted in talk which issues in no definite action or plan of action. There is an immense amount of work to be done in many lines, and when I say work I do not exclude agitation which is in itself a real work, but needs to be organized just as any successful work needs organization." I remember the afternoon that The Crisis received its name. We were sitting around the conventional table that seems a necessary adjunct to every Board, and were having an informal talk regarding the new magazine. We touched the subject of poetry. "There is a poem of Lowell's," I said, "that means more to me to-day than any other poem in the world—'The Present Crisis.'" Mr. Walling looked up. "The Crisis," he said. "There is the name for your magazine, The Crisis." And if we had a creed to which our members, black and white, our branches North and South and East and West, our college societies, our children circles, should all subscribe, it should be the lines of Lowell's noble verse, lines that are as true to-day as when they were written seventy years ago: ## 188 THE CRISIS "Once to every man and nation comes the moment to decide, In the strife of Truth with Falsehood for the good or evil side; Some great cause, God's new Messiah, offering each the bloom or blight, Parts the goats upon the left hand, and the sheep upon the right, And the choice goes by forever 'twixt that darkness and that light. "Then to side with Truth is noble when we share her wretched crust, Ere her cause bring fame and profit, and 'tis prosperous to be just; Then it is the brave man chooses, while the coward stands aside, Doubting in his abject spirit, till his Lord is crucified, And the multitude make virtue of the faith they had denied." "i will study and make ready, and maybe my chance will come." HIS MOTTO By Lottie Burrell Dixon BUT I can't leave my business affairs and go off on a fishing trip now." The friend and specialist who had tricked John Dur-mont into a confession of physical  bankruptcy, and made him submit to an examination in spite of himself, now sat back with an "I wash my hands of you" gesture. "Very well, you can either go to Maine, now, at once, or you'll go to- well, as I'm only your medical, and not your spiritual advisor, my prognostications as to your ultimate destination would probably have very little weight with you." "Oh well, if you are so sure, I suppose I can cut loose now, if it comes to a choice like that." The doctor smiled his satisfaction. "So you prefer to bear the ills of New York than to fly to others you know not of, eh?" ## HIS MOTTO 189 "Oh, have a little mercy on Shakespeare, at least.   I'll go." And thus it was that a week later found Durmont as deep in the Maine woods as he could get and still be within reach of a telegraph wire. And much to his surprise he found he liked it. As he lay stretched at full length on the soft turf, the breath of the pines filled his lungs, the lure of the lake made him eager to get to his fishing tackle, and he admitted to himself that a man needed just such a holiday as this in order to keep his mental and physical balance. Returning to the gaily painted frame building, called by courtesy the "Hotel," which nestled among the pines, he met the youthful operator from the near-by station looking for him with a message from his broker. A complicated situation had arisen in Amalgamated Copper, and an immediate answer was needed. Durmont had heavy investments in copper, though his business was the manufacture of electrical instruments. He walked back to the office with the operator while pondering the answer, then having written it, handed it to the operator saying, "Tell them to rush answer." The tall, lank youth, whose every movement was a protest against being hurried, dragged himself over to the telegraph key. " 'S open." "What's open?" "Wire." "Well, is that the only wire you have?" "Yep." "What in the dickens am I going to do about this message?" "Dunno, maybe it'll close bime-by." And the young lightning slinger pulled towards him a lurid tale of the Wild West, and proceeded to enjoy himself. "And meanwhile, what do you suppose is going to happen to me?" thundered Durmont. "Haven't you ambition enough to look around your wire and see if you can find the trouble?" "Lineman's paid to look up trouble, I ain't," was the surly answer. Durmont was furious, but what he was about to say was cut off by a quiet voice at his elbow. "I noticed linemen repairing wires upon the main road, that's where this wire is open. If you have any message you are in a hurry to send, perhaps I can help you out." Durmont turned to see a colored boy of fifteen whose entrance he had not noticed. "What can you do about it," he asked contemptuously, "take it into town in an ox team?" "I can send it by wireless, if that is sufficiently quick." Durmont turned to the operator at the table. "Is there a wireless near here?" "He owns one, you'll have to do business with him on that," said the youth with a grin at Durmont's unconcealed prejudice. It would be hard to estimate the exact amount of respect, mingled with surprise, with which the city man now looked at the boy whose information he had evidently doubted till confirmed by the white boy. "Suppose you've got some kind of tomfool contraption that will take half a day to get a message into the next village. Here I stand to lose several thousands because this blame company runs only one wire down to this camp. Where is this apparatus of yours? Might as well look at it while I'm waiting for this one-wire office to get into commission again." "It's right up on top of the hill," answered the colored boy. "Here, George, I brought down this wireless book if you want to look it over, it's better worth reading than that stuff you have there," and tossing a book on the table he went out followed by Durmont. A couple of minutes' walk brought them in sight of the sixty-foot aerial erected on the top of a small shack. "Not much to look at, but I made it all myself." "How did you happen to—construct this ?" And Durmont really tried to keep the emphasis off the "you." "Well, I'm interested in all kinds of electrical experiments, and have kept up reading and studying ever since I left school, then when I came out here on my uncle's farm, he let me rig up this wireless, and I can talk to a chum of mine down in the city. And when I saw the wire at the station was gone up, I thought I might possibly get your message to New York through him." They had entered the one room shack which contained a long table holding a wireless outfit, a couple of chairs and a shelf of books.   On the walls were tacked pictures of ## 190 THE CRISIS aviators and drawings of aeroplanes. A three-foot model of a biplane hung in one corner. "Now if he is only in," said the boy, going over to the table and giving the call. "He's there," he said eagerly, holding out his hand for message. Durmont handed it to him. His face still held the look of doubt and unbelief as he looked at the crude, home-made instruments. "Suppose I might as well have hired a horse and taken it into town." But the sputtering wire drowned his voice. "And get on your wheel and go like blazes. Tell 'em to rush answer. This guy here thinks a colored boy is only an animated shoe-blacking outfit; it's up to us to remedy that defect in his education, see !" Thus sang the wires as Durmont paced the floor. "I said," began the nervous man as the wires became quiet. "I—" again the wire sputtered, and he couldn't hear himself talk. When it was quiet, he tried again, but as soon as he began to grumble, the wire began to sputter. He glanced suspiciously at the boy, but the latter was earnestly watching his instruments. "Say," shouted Durmont, "does that thing have to keep up that confounded racket all the time?" "I had to give him some instructions, you know, and also keep in adjustment." "Well, I'll get out of adjustment myself, if that keeps up." Durmont resigned himself to silence, and strangely enough, so did the wire. Walking around the room he noticed over the shelf of books a large white card on which was printed in gilt letters: "I WILL STUDY AND MAKE READY, AND MAY BE MY CHANCE WILL COME." ABRAHAM LINCOLN. Durmont read this, and then looked at the boy as if seeing him for the first time. Again he looked at the words, and far beyond them he saw his own struggling boyhood, climbing daily Life's slippery path, trying to find some hold by which to pull himself up. And as he watched the brown skinned boy bending over the instruments, instinct told him here was one who would find it still harder to fight his way up, because of caste. "Ah!" The exclamation startled him. The boy with fones adjusted was busily writing. "Well, has that partner of yours got that message down at his end yet?" "Yes, sir, and here is your answer from New York." "Why, it's only been half an hour since I wrote it," said Durmont. "Yes, that horse wouldn't have got into town yet," grinned the boy. Durmont snatched the paper, read it, threw his cap in the air, exclaiming: "The day is saved. Boy, you're a winner. How much?" putting his hand in his pocket suggestively. "How much you owe to my help, I don't know," answered the lad sagely. "I offered to help because you needed it, and I was glad of the chance to prove what I believed I could do. I'm satisfied because I succeeded." Durmont sat down heavily on the other chair; his nerves couldn't stand much more in one afternoon. To find himself threatened with a large financial loss; to have this averted by the help of the scientific knowledge of a colored boy, and that boy rating the fact of his success higher than any pecuniary compensation—he had to pull himself together a bit. His eyes fell on the motto on the wall. He read it thoughtfully, considered how hard the boy had worked because of that, his hopes of the future based on that; saw the human element in him as it had not appealed to him before, and then turning something over in his mind, muttered to himself, "It's nobody's business if I do." He got up, and walking over to the boy, said :   "What's your name ?" "Robert Hilton." "Well, Robert, that motto you've got up there is a pretty good one to tie too. You certainly have studied; you have made yourself ready as far as your resources will permit, and I'll be hanged if I don't stand for the 'chance.' In the manufacturing of electrical instruments you could have great opportunity for inventive talent, and in my concern you shall have your chance, and go as far as your efficiency will carry you. What do you say, would you care for it?" "I'd care for it more than for any other thing on earth, and am very grateful for the chance." "The chance wouldn't be standing here now if you had not had the inclination and the determination to live up to those words on the wall." ## THE NEW WILBERFORCE MOST people know something of Wilberforce University. It is the oldest colored institution of learning in America, and has a right to date its foundation at 1844, when Daniel A. Payne started Union Seminary near Columbus, O. In 1856 Wilberforce was started at Tawawa Springs by the Methodist Church and this property eventually passed to the African Methodist Church. All this is well known, but few people realize that side by side with the old Wilberforce has come a new Wilberforce. The new Wilberforce is a separate and, distinct institution carried on by the State of Ohio on a campus adjoining Wilberforce University. There are close bonds between the two institutions. The president of Wilberforce University and two others represent the institution on the Board of Trustees of what is officially known as "The Combined Normal and Industrial Department at Wilberforce University." There are nine trustees altogether and these trustees conduct a normal school and a school of trades. In four years the work of the normal department has been raised so as to require a full high school course before students enter upon it. The teaching force has been greatly strengthened and the salaries increased. The campus consists of one hundred and thirty acres with four large buildings and a number of shops and residences. Probably the most advanced step taken by any Negro school or college is the new plan of Wilberforce Normal and Industrial Department to pay all teachers for eleven months and require the teachers, when not needed for the summer work, to attend some school or institution for self-improvement. Thus the teacher will be on pay while increasing his efficiency by study or travel at the direction of the Board and Superintendent. All teachers will now be engaged on this basis, and the result is sure to be increased efficiency and enthusiasm in all branches of work. The commencement crowd at old Wilberforce ## 192 THE CRISIS The enrollment in 1913-14 was 553, an increase of nearly 100 per cent, over 1910. A summer school is held, taught by the best Negro educators obtainable. At the head of the new Wilberforce and responsible for its present organization and advance is Mr. William A. Joiner, "Superintendent and Financial Officer for the State of Ohio at Wilberforce." Superintendent Joiner is under a bond of $20,000 and has had a long and careful training for his work. He is a graduate of Wilberforce University and the Law and Pedagogical Departments of Howard. For six years he was a teacher in the M Street High School at Washington, and for seven years Director of Training School at Howard University. He was elected to his present position in 1910 to succeed Mr. J. P. Shorter, deceased. By business methods and economy in the management, the confidence of the State Auditor and the Legislature has been won and much more liberal appropriations are made now than formerly, because the State knows how the money is being spent and is able to see the result. Since Mr. Joiner's advent the State has spent$305,-000 to make new Wilberforce an efficient, modern institution. The work of the present summer school at Wilberforce, which is the second summer session, calls attention to the new life which superintendent w. a. joiner galloway hall and auditorium## THE NEW WILBERFORCE 193 A BATTALION OF WILBERFORCE CADETS has been infused into that institution in the tories have been erected, one by the State past few years.   Two beautiful new dormi-    and one by the college.   The State building MITCHELL HALL.   HOME OF THE SENIOR GIRLS ## 194 THE CRISIS THE NEW WILBERFORCE—A WINTER SCENE designed as a model home for senior girls of all departments, is probably the most completely equipped dormitory to be found at any Negro institution. Wilberforce is the only Negro school with a military department recognized by the federal government. From the first, difficult and perplexing-questions as to the relations of the old and new Wilberforce have arisen. These questions are pressing to-day and must be settled. The old Wilberforce—the venerable institution of Daniel Payne and his co-workers—is to-day woefully short of funds. Instead of combining to the liberal support of one great institution, the Church has unfortunately divided its efforts among many schools and the result is to-day that the older institution, with almost no money, is co-partner with a new and vigorous State institution, with the millions of Ohio back of it. What is to be done? Certainly there must be no attempt to hold back and hamper the newer institution because of the poverty of the older. Let both institutions hold up the Superintendent's hands and make the new Wilberforce vigorous and efficient. At the same time let the Church rally to the older Wilberforce and make it worthy of its great traditions and a sister equal to its State partner. The Auditor of the State of Ohio said in a recent bulletin : "We believe Wilberforce Normal and Industrial Department has not a superior, if aii equal, in the State, and we know no other school can offer such advantages to its white students at twice the expense. . . . "As Chairman John Cowan and D. F. Mooney of the Appropriations Committee of the House of Representatives well say, no other institution of the State 'makes a dollar go as far' as Wilberforce. And no money spent by the State produces more beneficial and lasting results." The influence of Wilberforce, old and new, on the mental, social and moral welfare of the colored race not only of Ohio but of the whole world is incalcuable. Ten thousand students have received training at Wilberforce. Five hundred teachers have gone forth into every state and into all lands to uplift the race, many are teachers in and presidents of other colleges, some are professional men, and hundreds are splendid mechanics, due to industrial training at Wilberforce. ## PROBLEM LITERATURE Out of the House of Bondage. By Kelly Miller. The Neale Publishing Company, New York. 1914. 242 pages. $1.50. The Neale Publishing Company, of New York City, is composed of southern men and sympathizers. They have published books of all sorts and among them several by colored men. They also publish a magazine which is usually filled with outrageous abuse of Negroes with, now and then, an article by a colored man. It is the last straw to have a company like this insult a man of the prominence of Kelly Miller by publishing his last book of essays with "Negro" un-capitalized and with the last sentence of the longest and titular essay (page 41) so wretchedly garbled as to be absolutely without sense. Mr. Miller writes us : "I required the capital N in 'Race Adjustment' and took it for granted that the publishers would use it in this case. I noted the small n in the proof; but correction at that stage was prohibitive. ... As to the last sentence in the titular chapter, I am amazed at it. This article appeared in Neale's Magazine for October. The last word the is made 'thee' and the rest of the statement is left out.   It is a serious typographical blunder." However, it will take more than careless or prejudiced publishers to spoil any work of Kelly Miller. The present book consists of three poems, a book review, six long essays and three short ones. There is no attempt at unity in these articles, all of which have been published before in magazines. The titular essay is in celebration of the Golden Jubilee of Emancipation. There follow essays on Miscegenation, Education, Crime, the Negro in Politics and in the Professions, and the strongest essay in the book on the "Ultimate Race Problem" which first appeared in the Nineteenth Century and After" and brought much favorable comment. Characteristically, the present publishers have carelessly spoiled its heading. A book like this must have much repetition but also, in compensation, a certain freshness and unity in the single chapters. One finds here not so much constructive thought as deep discernment and, now and then, brilliant phrasing. Miller is, above all, a critic—a subtle, half humorous critic, who sees the fact and foible with unerring vision and evolves not a new system but the absolute necessity to rectify the old.   His poem, "I See and Am Satisfied," is the peculiar embodiment of his gifts and philosophy. It is a splendid bit of writing and, together with his "Oath of Afro-American," ought to fix his place in American letters. Modern Industry in relation to the Family, Health, Education and Morality. By Florence Kelly. Longmans, Green and Co., New York.   1914.   147 pages. Women's clubs and other general readers who want to know "What it's all about," and what the problem of modern industry is, outside the obvious matters of wages and dividends should begin with this little book. Mrs. Kelly says : "Modern industry affords, in more generous measure than the human race has before known them, all those goods which form the material basis of family life—food, clothing, shelter, and the materials and opportunities for subsistence for husband, wife and children. "But modern industry tends to disintegrate the family, so threatens it that the civilized nations are, and for at least one generation have been, actively building a code intended to save the family from this destructive pressure. "This is the paradox of modern industry. "It is my object to illustrate this paradox by indicating some forms of the pressure of industry upon the family, and upon each of its elements." She begins her final chapter with this significant word: "We are undergoing a transition in the life of the nation greater than any hitherto experienced, a change immeasurably greater than the freeing of four million slaves, a half century ago, as an incident of a long and terrible war." How many colored people know of this new and vaster emancipation and realize the part they must play in it? m Progressivism and After. By William English Walling.   Macmillan, New York, 1914.   406 pages. Readers of the Crisis would do well to become acquainted with Mr. Walling's three studies of socialism : "Socialism as it is," "The Larger Aspects of Socialism," and the one which we notice here. Slowly but surely colored folk are beginning to realize the possible meaning of socialism for them. They must, therefore, begin to be intelligent on the subject and Mr. Walling's works are recom- ## 196 THE CRISIS mended to them. This particular book compels our attention because it treats a subject which most socialists sedulously avoid, viz., the relation of socialism to the race question. Walling quotes Roosevelt as saying: "'Advanced' Socialist leaders are fond of declaring against patriotism, of announcing their movement as international, and of claiming to treat all men alike; but on this point, as on all others, their system would not stand for one moment the test of actual experience. If the leaders of the Socialist party in America should to-day endeavor to force their followers to admit all Negroes and Chinamen to a real equality, their party would promptly disband and, rather than to submit to such putting into effect of their avowed purposes, would, as a literal fact, follow any capitalistic organization as an alternative." Is this true? Mr. Walling recites the following facts : 1. In the Chicago Socialistic Congress, 1900, more than one-third of the delegates favored action which recognized racial lines. 2. Unterman, recently Socialist candidate for Governor of Idaho, declared openly that socialists must work for the final domination of the white race. 3. At the Indianapolis Convention, 1912, the same committee of which Robert Hunter was a member, brought in a report which said: "Race feeling is not so much a result of social as of biological evolution. It does not change essentially with changes of economic systems. It is deeper than any class feeling and will outlast the capitalist system. It persists even after race prejudice has been outgrown." This report was not adopted but it had strong support and the same committee was continued. On the other hand, the International Socialist Congress at Stuttgart, Germany, declared: "The Congress sees no proper solution of these difficulties in the exclusion of definite nations or races from immigration, a policy which is, besides, in conflict with the principles of proletarian solidarity." Thus the matter rests to-day. But it will not rest here forever. More and more the problem of the modern workingman is merging with the problem of the color line. So long as black laborers are slaves white laborers cannot be free and the proffered bribe of race "inferiority" will never pay the white workingman for joining capitalism in the attempt to enslave "coolies." MR. G. T. STEPHENSON, a young North Carolina white man, has written interestingly and in good spirit on legal race distinctions. A volume appeared in 1910 and two articles in the South Atlantic Quarterly in January and April of this year. These articles strikingly show the dangers of race discrimination in a republic. Mr. Stephenson is, in his book, a rather complacent expositor, if not defender, of legal caste; and while he defends race "distinctions," he is not favorable to "race discriminations" and wants equal, if separate, accommodations on cars, etc. When in January he writes on segregation in cities, he is still' complacent. "Is there any inherent difference between separating the races in public conveyances and in public places and in separating them in their residences, provided vested rights are properly protected? That is the question which the Supreme Court of the United States has yet to answer." Then comes Mr. Poe and his rural segregation and Mr. Stephenson wakes up and calls a halt. "It must be clear to the impartial observer that this plan of segregation involves a policy of repression of the Negro in that it is withholding from him an equal showing in the distribution of the land of the state. If the white people are to select the segregation districts, then they will naturally select for themselves the most desirable districts and leave the Negro to take the balance. This is exactly what has been done in Roanoke, Va. That city was divided into five segregation districts. Four of those districts were definitely laid off and described by metes and bonds and set apart for white people. The fifth district, which comprised all the balance of the city that the white people did not want for themselves, was set apart for the Negro. . . . "This is probably the most delicate race issue that has arisen since Emancipation because it involves fundamental rights. Voting, for instance, is a privilege; but the right to hold property is inherent in citizenship and should not be tampered with without great caution." But really, Mr. Stephenson, "is there any inherent difference between separating the races" in cities and rural districts? In cities or on railroads? On railroads and in public places? There is not. All are equally wrong. ## THE BURDEN COLORED   MEN   AND WOMEN LYNCHED WITHOUT TRIAL 1885.......... 78 1900 ....... 107 1886.......... 71 1901 ....... 107 1887.......... 80 1902 ....... 86 1888.......... 95 1903 ....... 86 1889.......... 95 1904 ....... 83 1890.......... 90 1905... ....... 61 1891.......... 121 1906 ....... 64 1892.......... 155 1907,,. ....... 60 1893.......... 154 1908 ....... 93 1894.......... 134 1909 ....... 73 1895.......... 112 1910 ....... 65 1896.......... 80 1911 ....... 63 1897.......... 122 1912 ..... 63 1898.......... 102 1913 ....... 79 1899.......... 84 Total .......2,662 COLORED   MEN   AND WOMEN LYNCHED IN 1914 Reported in January............... 5 Reported in February............... 4 Reported in March................. 6 Reported in April............. 1 4 2 Total number for six months ...22 DISCRIMINATION Graham, Va., May 27, 1914. The Crisis: The Graham Colored Civic League was organized two years ago and has spent $675.98 in two years in order to keep our school open six months a year. We have to rent buildings, buy our fuel, furnish school supplies, etc., or have our school reduced to four and one-half or five months. In addition we have bought a school site and we are trying to get the state and town council to erect a building for us.   The white people have a $50,000 school building with 550 students enrolled, and sixteen teachers. We have no building, 350 students and three teachers. The white people have nine months of school and we have four and one-half or five months, providing we furnish everything except teachers. I am taxed $1.50 for state and county and $1.00 for town direct school tax. Tell anyone who claims that we get a square deal in the South to turn black, or rather be classed as black, and come down. Yours for success, A WHITE SCHOOL TRUSTEE TO A COLORED APPLICANT Lucy A. Turner Washington, D. C. Yours rec'd the requirements for position of teacher in this District is that they must teach the children goodwill towards the whites and if this is impossible with you we will not tolerate any other action Yours truly F. L. Cunningham, M.D. * Colored people are excluded from a certain part of the beach at Cape May, N. J. There are signs up stating that this is private property, and while no mention of color is made on the signs, the guards do not allow colored people to use this part and the Mayor says that he issued the order at the complaint of some of the proprietors that their patronage was decreasing. Colored people are permitted to bathe at a less frequented part of the beach. * The State Board of Education of Maryland has ruled that while persons may not be supervisors of colored schools. ## 198 THE CRISIS THE SOULS OF WHITE FOLK St. Louis, Mo., May 23, 1914. Dear Mr. Du Bois: I have just read "Souls of Black Folk," and across the color line I extend to you a hand of sympathy and profound appreciation. It must be that thousands of white people have been moved by this book even as I am, and feel the same heavy despairing pain over our individual inability to contribute even a mite toward the removal of a mountain of ignorance, injustice, and folly. It would ease my impatient pain to know that in my race I am not suffering alone. Assure me, if you can, and tell me whether the outlook has been brightened since the book was written. By what amounts almost to divination, Negroes must learn to recognize their friends in the white race, for friends they must have, though my limited experience has hardly revealed any to me—friends of the Negroes' cause. Assuming that such friends exist, they cannot, like you, give open voice to their beliefs.  Yet much were gained by a tacit recognition of interest and good will. **#**##** Pardon the seeming intrusion. Know that not all of the anguish and despair is on your side of the color line. Sincerely yours, THE AMBITIONS OF LORENZO (From a Washington (D. C.) Circular) THE National Democratic Fair Play As-sociation was organized and incorporated in 1913 for the purpose of bringing into Court all questions which will determine the validity of the 14th and 15th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States. Our president, Mr. John H. Adriaans, of this city, has devoted twenty years to compiling data showing the illegality of the organization of the legislatures of many of the states which voted to ratify these amendments. In the case of U. S. versus Guinn and Beal, docket number 423, testing the "Grandfather's Clause" of the State of Oklahoma, this Association had him file a brief in October last. We need not say more than that the case is still undecided—no decision being handed down as yet. Now, then, fellow citizens, this movement is not local—aiming solely to oppose the ap- pointment of a Negro Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia—but it is national, and effects every white citizen in the U. S. The question is shall the Negro enjoy rights, illegally, which we deny one-half of the white people? No! Therefore we hope you will contribute liberally when the officers pass the hat through the audience. Those who happen to come unprepared may drop name and address, with amount pledged, in the hat, and our Secretary will collect at their convenience. Lorenzo G. Warfield, Secretary. June 20, 1914. I wish to express my sincere thanks to my friends and others who so generously endorsed me for the office of Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia, having withdrawn my application under date and as follows. Lorenzo G. Warpield. 8th and K Sts., N. W., Washington, D. C, Oct. 18, 1913. To the President of the United States, Washington, D. C. Honorable Sir: I hereby withdraw my application for appointment as Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia, and the endorsements in my behalf thereof. Your refusal to receive a duly appointed Committee of the National Democratic Fair Play Association, and subsequently the widely heralded reception of several Negro organizations, indicate clearly to my mind your position as to the race question. Your refusal to take cognizance of the sworn statement of three ladies employed in the office of the Recorder of Deeds, showing the disgraceful condition existing in that office, which were placed in your hands four months ago by Representative Ben Johnson, and recalled to you subsequently by Senator James K. Vardaman, satisfies me that your Secretary and Manager does not truly gauge the temper of the American people on this question. I therefore gladly relinquish any claim to any political preferment, I may, or may not have, and will consecrate the next three years of my life to the uplift of a white democratic party, as far as my humble efforts will do so. Very truly yours, Lorenzo G. Warpield. ## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 199 THE ANNUAL Children's Number • The most popular number of the CRISIS is the Children's Number. • This will be the OCTOBER number, which will be published September 20. • All pictures of babies must reach us by SEPTEMBER FIRST. We want babies of all hues and kinds. Send the pictures early and mark them plainly on the back in ink. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents.   Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street    -:-    New York, N. Y. HOTEL COMFORT AND CAFE Open all the Year Corner Second Street and Bay Avenue Ocean City, New Jersey Mrs. M. B. Comfort, Proprietress. Beautiful location, fine view of Great Egg Harbor Bay, the Inlet and the Atlantic Ocean. Boating, bathing, fishing and tennis. Thirty minutes to Atlantic City by electric cars or steamboats. GEORGIA STATE COLORED FAIR NOVEMBER 18-28, 1914 Wants Colored Entertainers $5000.00 IN PREMIUMS Write R. R. WRIGHT, President, SAVANNAH, GA. Mention The Crisis ## 200 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and  Face  Lotion  have  no  equal.    Price,  50c. each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving. Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. KELSEY'S Telephone, Morningside 8162 143 West 131st St. NEW YORK TEACHERS The new efficiency era calls for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE  MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Only $65.00 Wo. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin From Factory to User Write   for prices and other styles. Send for catalog C. R- PATTERSON and SONS, Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern în the United States. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL  DEALERS  WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, 111. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg.       Muskogee, Okla. WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FREE Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom New Mexico Colored agents wanted everywhere to supply the big demand for our high grade Calling Cards. Latest styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen, with or without address, 100 for 50 cents or 50 for 25 cents. Outfit free. Large commission. Exclusive territory. All orders filled promptly. Write for sample and terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations.   Price $1.25 net. Address: K. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK _REGALIA__ Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL    REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati Ohio Mention The Crisis ## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 201 MILES M. WEBB School of Practical Photography All branches of photography taught. Terms reasonable. Service efficient. Three courses : Amateur, intermediate, professional.   Register now. 3519 So. State Street    Chicago, III. Telephone Douglass 6688 The National Teachers' Agency An honest and efficient teachers' agency is absolutely essential to the best educational results. The vacancy and the teacher who can best fill it are often many miles apart and unknown to each other. It is the business of the teachers' agency to introduce them and to bring them into business relations. Our manager, who has had more than a quarter of a century's experience in the training, selection, placing and supervision of teachers, gives each case personal attention; consequently, there will be an extremely small per cent of errors. If you are prepared to fill a good position or a better position than you now hold, write us. Many places will be filled before September 1st. Our service to school authorities is gratuitous and confidential. We shall be pleased to recommend teachers for any grade from the kindergarten to the university. B. F. BOWLES, Manager 2739 Converse Ave., East St. Louis, Illinois THIS RAZOR IS MADE OF THE FINEST TEMPERED STEEL ground to the keenest edge and has two American flags engraved on each blade, also embossed with a pretty design, with gold on handle.   Guaranteed for 10 years. This razor sells for $3.00 elsewhere; our price is only $1.00. Send to-day and know the comfort of the easiest shaver on earth. SUPERIOR PRODUCTS CO., 3710 West Polk Street, Chicago, 111. $3000 FOR YOU Exclusive Territory. 100% Profit. Demonstrating Tab Furnished THAT'S the money you should get this year. I mean it. I want County Sales Managers quick, men or women who believe in the square deal, who will go into partnership with me. No experience needed. My folding Bath Tub has taken the country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing, no water works required. Full length bath in any room. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. I tell you its great! GREAT! Rivals $100 bath room. Now listen! I want YOU to handle your county. I'll furnish demonstrating tub on liberal plan. I'm positive—absolutely certain—you can get bigger money in a week with me than you ever made in a month before.   1 KNOW IT! Two Sales a Day— $300.00 a Month That's what you should get—every month.   Needed in every home, badly 'wanted, eagerly bought.   Modern bathing facilities for all the people.   Take the orders right and left. Quick sales, immense profits.   Look at these men— Smith, Ohio, got IS orders first week; Movers, Wis.,  $2"0 profit first month:   Newton,   California.   $G0 m three days.   You should do as well, 2 BALES A DAY MEANS $300 A MONTH. Tho work is very   easy, pleasant, permanent, fascinating.   It means a business of your own. Litllo capital needed.   i grant credit—Help you out—Back you up —Don't doubt —Duu't hesitate— Don't hoM Kick—You cannot lose.   My other men arc huilding houses, bank accounts, so can you.   Act then quick, SEND NO MONEY.   Just name ou penny post card for free tub offer.   Hustle! fc H *S RnhinCnn Pro« 422 Factories Bldg., TOLEDO, OHIO Hi Ol  nUUIIIoUllt IIGOij     Canadian llranch — Walkervllle, Onl. Mention The Crisis## 202 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LET YOUR MONEY EARN A CLEAR DIVIDEND An investment in the Turner Building Limited, a company incorporated to own and construct an office building on Lot 28, Block 13, River Lot 12 and 14, in the business district of the city of Edmonton, Province of Alberta, Canada, will earn clear profit for you from the commencement of business. This is not a speculation but an absolute legitimate, safe and profitable investment showing a clear profit after all estimated expenses have been paid. The building is already leased to a responsible realty broker of Edmonton. A limited number of shares are now offered to the public at $1 per share. 70% of the total capital has already been arranged with local Edmonton business men. The fact that our proposition is centered in the city of Edmonton needs no further assurance as to the ultimate value of our proposition. Edmonton today is the fastest growing city on the continent, with a population of 75,000 and increasing at the rate of 15,000 annually. Our property is now worth $10,000 and undoubtedly within a few years will be worth twice the amount. Owing to the limited amount of space we are unable to produce here all of the good qualities of our proposition. We invite you to address the Turner Building Limited, 102 Brown Building, Edmonton, for further and complete information or cut out the following coupon and mail at once. INFORMATION COUPON Cut out this blank and mail with check, postal or money order or currency for one dollar for one share which will earn for you a clear profit from the start and the investment will be continually increasing in value. ................................1914 Clifford C. Mitchell, Fiscal Agent, Turner Building, Ltd., 102 Brown Bldg., P. O. Box 2, Edmonton, Canada. Dear Sir: Enclosed please find $1 for 1 share of the Turner Building, Limited. Also please send without further obligation to me a prospectus of your company and any further information that may induce me to subscribe further. It being understood that I am taking this share upon your representation that a clear profit will be made from the start. You agreeing to return the money with 5% interest if the required amount is not subscribed for within sixty days. Name......................................... Occupation ..................................... Address....................................... Mention The Crisis ## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 203 Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence Edited by Alice Moore Dunbar. The one volume that contains the best speeches of fifty-one of the ablest Negroes of the United States, England, Africa and France, from 1818 to 1913. The wonderful eloquence of the most powerful Negro men and women of the world is contained in this book. Nothing more interesting and inspiring has ever been written. If you would know of the history of the race, appreciate the sacrifice for principle, understand the struggle for liberty, and properly value the oratorical achievement of the Negro, you should place this book in your library. The "Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence" will take you back to 1818, when Prince Saunders in his fascinating style eloquently pleaded for the abolition of slavery. It will give you the speech of Henry Highland Garnett, the first Negro ever asked to deliver a sermon in the United States House of Representatives; the speech of Frederick Douglass, who in 1852 with unexcelled eloquence demanded at Rochester to know, "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?"; the speech that made Booker Washington famous ; an estimate of Toussaint L'Ouverture, by James McCune Smith, that ranks with Wendell Phillips' famous eulogy; Charles M. Langston's defiance of the Fugitive Slave Law, delivered in 1859; Judge Ruffin's famous eulogy of Crispus Attucks, a speech that should be read by every Negro boy and girl. These are but a few of the gems culled at random from this great book. The best of our present generation is well represented. This is a book that is a library, a reference book and an historical work, an indispensable addition to the library of every intelligent Negro. A book that shows in the best manner the best that the Negro has done. It is carefully edited, well printed and thoroughly indexed, bound in red and green silk cloth binding, 512 pages, gold top, uncut pages, We want every reader of The Crisis to have a copy of this book.   We have set aside 50,000 copies which we are going to sell to The Crisis readers by allowing them to pay 50 cents down and 50 cents monthly for four months. Do not delay ; sit down immediately, clip this coupon and send it to us with 50 cents, and a copy will be sent you by return mail. THE DOUGLASS PUBLISHING COMPANY HARRISBURG, PA. CRISIS Coupon CUT OUT AND MAIL NOW The Douglass Pub. Co., 509 N. 4th St., Harrisburg, Pa. Enclosed find 50c, for which send me a copy of "The Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence."   I promise to pay 50c. each month until $2.50 is paid.    Title of the book to remain with you until the sum of $2.50 is paid. Name............................. Address ............................. Mention The Crisis ## 204 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NOTABLE BOOKS written by Members of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People These books may be obtained from THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Prices do not include postage.   Postage extra. Jane Addams DEMOCRACY AND SOCIAL ETHICS $1.25 THE NEWER IDEALS OF PEACE.. $1.25 THE SPIRIT OF YOUTH AND THE CITY STREETS ........................ $1.25 TWENTY YEARS AT HULL HOUSE $1.50 A  NEW  CONSCIENCE  AND  AN ANCIENT EVIL .................... $1.00 The Macmillan Co. No one in this country has come closer to the problems held out by poverty than has Miss Addams. —Philadelphia Public Ledger. Thomas Ewing, Jr. JONATHAN: A Tragedy.   Funk and Wag-nails Co............................$1.00 The tragedy is imaginative, and in its style and tone evinces a strong command of poetic diction. It recalls Byron's 'Cain' in its noble handling of Bible characters. —How to know the Books, Philadelphia. John Haynes Holmes THE REVOLUTIONARY FUNCTION OF THE MODERN CHURCH. G. P. Putnam's Sons ........................$1.50 An earnest, rational and illuminating presentation of practical conclusions as to the social duty of the church. —New York Times. MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE........... B. W. Huebsch .....................$0.50 Mr. Holmes's view comes as near offering a solution of this problem as any that we are ever likely to reach. —Rochester Herald. W. E. Burghardt DuBois THE SOULS OF BLACK FOLK A. C. McClurg and Co............... $1.25 THE QUEST OF THE SILVER FLEECE A. C. McClurg and Co...............$1.35 JOHN BROWN George W. Jacobs and Co............ $1.25 THE  SUPPRESSION  OF THE SLAVE TRADE—Longmans, Green and Co...$1.50 THE PHILADELPHIA NEGRO University of Pennsylvania Press.. $2.00 Professor DuBois possesses a command over the finer qualities of English which greatly enhances the poignancy and pathos, the yearning and hope of his terrible indictment. —-The London Academy. Archibald H. Grimké WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON : The Abolitionist .............................. $1.50 CHARLES SUMNER: The Scholar in Politics............................... $1.50 American Reformers Series. Funk and Wagnalls. These volumes are written in a clear, straightforward style, and are admirably adapted for the home library. Florence Kelley MODERN INDUSTRY: In Relation to the Family, Health, Education, Morality. Longmans, Green and Co.............$1.00 The writer has been Chief State Factory Inspector of Illinois, living many years at Hull House and the Nurses' Settlement and serving, since 1889, as Secretary of the National Consumers' League. She sets forth changing social and industrial conditions seen at close range, and suggests immediate hopes and plans related thereto. Mention The Crisis ## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 205 Mary White Ovington HALF A MAN : The Status of the Negro in New York.  Longmans, Green and Co., $1.00 A sane, wise and sympathetic study. —Evening Post. HAZEL: The Story of a Little Colored Girl. Crisis Publishing Co................$1.00 Any child, regardless of race or color, would be interested in the little book. —Brooklyn Daily Eagle. William A. Sinclair THE AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY: A Study of the Condition and Environment of the American Negro. Small, May-nard and Co..........................$1.65 The perusal of this work may be urged upon every fair minded man. —Thomas Wentworth Higginson. Moorfield Storey CHARLES SUMNER: American Statesmen Series.   Houghton, Mifflin Co.......$1.25 The majestic devotion of Sumner to the highest political ideals before and during his long term of lofty service to freedom in the United States is fittingly delineated by Mr. Storey. THE REFORM OF LEGAL PROCEDURE Yale University Press ..............$1.35 Oswald Garrison Villard JOHN BROWN: A Biography, Fifty Years After.  Houghton, Mifflin Company. .$5.00 I can only say after reading from first to last its more than 700 pages, that I have never encountered anything this side of Gibbon's 'Rome' which, has made me feel more the personal power of a single work. —Thomas Wentworth Higginson. Charles Edward Russell THOMAS CHATTERTON: The Marvelous Boy.   Moffat, Yard and Co...........$2.00 LAWLESS WEALTH B. W. Dodge and Co.................$1.50 SONGS OF DEMOCRACY Moffat, Yard and Co..................$1.00 WHY I AM A SOCIALIST The George H. Doran Co...........$0.50 BUSINESS, THE HEART OF THE NATION.  John Lane Co..............$0.25 Mr. Russell's books show him as a great journalist, a poet and a devoted worker and writer for socialism. Joel E. Spingarn THE  NEW  CRITICISM.    Columbia University Press .......................$0.75 THE NEW HESPERIDES, AND OTHER POEMS.    Sturgis  and Walton Company $1.00 The author of The New Hesperides has already proved himself a critic of a very high order in a lecture on The New Criticism. We very gladly recognize the many fine qualities which proclaim him to be a true poet. —London Academy. John Garrett Underhill SPANISH   LITERATURE   IN TUDOR ENGLAND.  The Macmillan Co....$2.00 A learned and important contribution to the history of the literary and historical relations between England and Spain at the height of Spanish influence and power. —Manchester (England) Guardian. William English Walling SOCIALISM AS IT IS.  The Macmillan Co., $2.00 The best book on Socialism by any American, if not the best book on Socialism in the English language. —Boston Herald. PROGRESSIVISM   AND   AFTER. The Macmillan Co........................$1.50 The most stimulating and thought-provoking book on purely economic topics we have ever read. —Boston Transcript. Mention The Crisis ## 206 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY Telephone: {Central 104-W Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Cotjnselor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113  Market St.,  Cor.  Washington,  Newark, N. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS and McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio Memphis B. F. BOOTH Attorney-at-Law 57 N. Second Street Tenn. THOMAS W. HOLMES Attorney-at-Law 43 yi Decatur Street Atfenta, Georgia PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL Architect 138 1/2 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio :  30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail.   Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. Mr. Alfred Elis Du Bois, commercial agent at Jeremie, Haiti, offers his services for all kinds of business and exportation and importation between Haiti and the United States. Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS ANDREW J.  BRANIC, Proprietor Packing and Shipping—Goods Forwarded to All Parts of the World Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention. Trunks stored, 25c. per month. 459 Seventh Avenue New York A Trip to Washington this Summer ? Have your PHOTOGRAPH made by SCURLOCK Hundreds of CRISIS readers can tell you how good Studio 900 U Street. N. W.. Washington. D. C. Advertising Sales Agents Wanted at Once Young men and women. Previous experience unnecessary. Liberal pay while you learn. Permanent position. Opportunity for advancement. An independent income. Brilliant opportunity for trustworthy young men and women. Vacancies are limited. Answer immediately. Must have representatives in every city and town in U. S. where not yet represented. Act quickly. Write at ONCE, enclosing 10 cents for full instructions and information. Address Employment Department. WATERS BROS., 97 Wickliffe St., Newark, N. j., U. S. A. Mention The Crisis ## A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage.   Postage extra. The Quest of the Silver Fleece.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)........ $1.35 House Behind the Cedars.   (Charles W. Chesnutt).............. 1.50 Hazel.    (Mary White Ovington).............................. 1.00 The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man.   (Anonymous)..... 1.20 Lyrics of Lowly Life.   (Paul Laurence Dunbar)............... 1.25 The Marrow of Tradition.   (Charles W. Chesnutt)............. 1.50 The Sport of the Gods.   (Paul Laurence Dunbar) ............. 1.50 Norris Wright Cuney.   (Maud Cuney Hare).................. 1.50 A Narrative of the Negro.   (Leila Amos Pendleton)............ 1.50 Souls of Black Folk.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)..................... 1.25 Race Adjustment.   (Kelly Miller)............................ 2.00 History of the Negro.   (B. G. Brawley)....................... 1.25 Half a Man.   (Mary White Ovington)........................ 1.00 Mind of Primitive Man.   (Franz Boas)........................ 1.50 Aftermath of Slavery.    (William Sinclair)................... 1.50 John Brown.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)............................ 1-25 Liberia.   (Frederick Starr).................................... 100 Facts of Reconstruction.   (John R. Lynch)................... 1.50 Story of the Negro.  2 Volumes.   (Booker T. Washington)...... 3.00 Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence.   (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar............................. 2.00 The African Abroad.   2 Volumes.   (William H. Ferris)......... 5.00 Afro-American Folksongs.   (H. E. Krehbiel).................. 2.00 Out of the House of Bondage.   (Kelly Miller)................. 1.50 The Colored Inventor.   (Henry E. Baker)......................15 A Child's Story of Dunbar.   (Julia L. Henderson)...............25 Address THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York City Mention The Crisis ## CAPEÊMAY, N. J. This magnificent hotel, located in the heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world; replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, and refined patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children.   Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner. PRINTING To be of value, the printed page must make its appeal by means of correct STATIONERY and must give evidence of careful and artistic workmanship.   The same is true of ENGRAVING We Print THE CRISIS ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET Telephone: Lenox 6667 NEW YORK Mention The Crisis##