The Crisis . The CRISIS ONE DOLLAR A YEAR AUGUST, 1919 TEN CENTS A COPY NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE President Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY JOHN R. SHILLADY Chairman Board of Directors Director of Publications and Research MARY WHITE OVINGTON DR. W. E. B. DuBOIS Acting Treasurer Field Secretary MAJOR J. E. SPIXGARX JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Assistant Secretary WALTER F. WHITE FACING FACTS— The war is ended—the peace terms signed by Germany—President Wilson is home again after fighting for the rights of the oppressed peoples of Europe:— YET IN AMERICA— Thirty-six Negroes are known to have been lynched since the armistice was signed last November—one of them a woman—six of the others lynched by being burned at the stake. Negroes are disfranchised in whole or in part in at least fourteen states of the Union. Negroes are "Jim-Crowed" in all states of the South. Negroes are deprived of their just share of school funds. Negroes are robbed and exploited and then dared to resent it. Negroes are kept out of lucrative and dignified positions in many instances for no other reason than their color. DO YOU BELIEVE THAT DEMOCRACY IS ONLY FOR THE WHITE RACE? If you do, then you should not be a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. But, if you believe that justice and freedom belong to all races then you should be a member. HELP END THE FARCE MASQUERADING AS DEMOCRACY BY JOINING THE ASSOCIATION WHICH IS FIGHTING TO END DISCRIMINATION BECAUSE OF RACE— THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE National Office, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City Date 1919 The CRISIS is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. Major J. E. Spingarn, Acting Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's sub scription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State CLEVELAND CONFERENCE NUMBER THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 18—No. 4 AUGUST, 1919 Whole No. 106 PICTURES Page COVER. A Study. By Laura Wheeler. DRAWING. After Alice R. Winter in "The Masses" 184 DELEGATES TO THE TENTH ANNIVERSARY CONFERENCE, N. A. A. C P 189-192 MEN OF THE MONTH 199-201 REPRINTS SHOWING PREPARATIONS FOR THE LYNCHING OF JOHN HARTFIELD " '. 208 ARTICLES SOUL AND STAR. A Poem. C. Bertram Johnson '. 183 THE BROTHERHOOD OF MAN. A Story. E. Liebowitz 184 SHALL I SAY, "MY SON, YOU ARE BRANDED"? A Poem. Georgia D. Johnson 188 THE TENTH ANNIVERSARY, N. A. A. C. P 189 SONNET. Alice Dunbar-Nelson 193 POTENCY. A Poem. Georgia D. Johnson 200 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 179 THE LOOKING GLASS : 194 MEN OF THE MONTH 199 THE HORIZON 202 COMING ISSUES OF THE CRISIS The September CRISIS will be Labor Number, The October CRISIS will be our annual Children's Number. Pictures must reach us before September 1. The November CRISIS will begin our Tenth Year. With that issue the size will be increased to sixtj eight pages and the price to One Dollar and a half a year, Fifteen Cents a copy. TEN CENTS A COPY ; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a Wue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Art of March 3, 1879. National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service NEXT TERM OPENS SEPTEMBER 22, 1919 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (Established 1856) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U. S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, la. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opens September, 1919. For information address W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. The Cheyney Train ing School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. A normal school of high grade for young colored men and women of good abilities, who desire to prepare themselves to be teachers. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects, and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term begins Thursday, September 18, 1919. Summer school for teachers in active service, four weeks beginning July 1. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For further particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Chey ney, Penna. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located In the City 01 Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, formal School and College, with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduate of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA, Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Three Departments, College, The ological and High School. Work of highest grade. Pre-medical course in College. Thoroughness and accuracy emphasized. New year begins September 2gth. For information address the Presi dent. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 19,9 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the city. Comfortable buildings with modern conveniences: talented faculty; vigorous, religious atmosphere; excellent library and laboratories; co-educatlonal; athletics. Admission only by application. Courses of Study: Domestic So: e nee. Public Speaking. Music; Pre-Academy. Seventh and Eighth Grades. Academy or High School, four years with diploma. Pre-Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma. College, four years with A B degree. Fiftieth year opens September 24, 1919. Expenses, SI 5.00 per month will cover all necessary expenses. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxville, Tenn. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in! the West M. W. DOGAN, President MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its. emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y, M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological tod Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement, for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class li 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MoCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology,. College Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins October, 1019. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. 8, FLIPPER , Chairman Trustee Board THE FLORIDA AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGE TALLAHASSEE --- FLORIDA NATHAN B. YOUNG, President DEPARTMENTS: 1.	 Academic a.	 High School. b.	 Normal School. c.	 College. d.	 Music. 2.	 Agricultural. a.	 General. b.	 Vocational. 3.	 Mechanic Arts a.	 Technical. b.	 Vocational. 4.	 Home Economics a.	 Domestic Arts. b.	 Domestic Science. • c. Nurse-Training. EQUIPMENT: 1.	 250 Acres. 2.	 21 Buildings. 3.	 42 Officers of Instruction and Administration. The Agricultural and Technical College is improving its organization to meet the greater demand for skilled workmen. Four Strong, Practical Departments: 1. The Academic Department. 2.	 The Agricultural Department. 3.	 The Mechanical Department. 4.	 The Department of Vocational Training in Agriculture. Short Courses in Agricultural and Mechanical Branches. The new Department, No. 4, presents an excellent opportunity to those desiring to prepare as teachers of Agriculture. Write today for terms and catalog J AS. B. DUDLEY, President GREENSBORO, N. C. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teachers' Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV.	 Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. Lincoln University Beginning September 22, 1919, the requirement for admission to the Theological Department will be graduation from a College of Liberal Arts. Young Men wishing to prepaid for the Ministry in a Seminary, all whose resources will henceforth be devoted to the education of the adequately trained alone, are invited to write to President, John B. Rendall Lincoln University P. O., Pennsylvania. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State "Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President We	 have room for a few more young men in our RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS The Government furnishes cots, blankets, bed sacks, uniforms, rifles, ammunition and an officer to give MILITARY INSTRUCTION Students pay their own board and lodging amounting to $12 per month, but they may work out all or any part of this according as provision is made with the President. All students carry on their regular academic studies and trades courses in connection with their military training. Camp Opens Sept. 22nd, and Closes June 1st For admission write LIEUT, W. R. SMALLS, A.	 &amp; M. College, Normal, Ala. For	 work write PRESIDENT "WALTER S. BUCHANAN A.	 &amp; M. College, Normal, Ala. THE BEST SCHOOL In which to learn a trade and at the same time take yoi;r literary course. Do not waste money and time taking their separately. Positions await the well trained. BEFORE YOU DECID1I which ts the best school for you to attend, =pnd lor a catalog. NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND G1RIS Miss Nannie H. Burroughs President, Lincoln Heights,	 Washington, 0. C. (Continued on Pane 209) Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 18-No. 4 AUGUST, 1919 Whole No. 106 Opinion of W. E. B. DuBois TO YOUR TENTS, O ISRAEL! ACROSS the giant plains that swept their empty girth about Palestine came ever and anon a cry: " They come! " Then the mothers held in terror their children to their breasts; then the fathers dropped to their knees and held hard hands against the anxious skies; then the young men girded their grim swords and looked yonder where the golden haze was already dripping dark and bloody hosts — chariots and the horsemen thereof. Then came the cry: TO YOUR TENTS, 0 ISRAEL! Drop Beauty, drop Work, drop Home, drop Life, and gather, stripped for war, in the tiny, fluttering covers of the march. Face heat and cold and hunger; know hurt and death; and FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT for Freedom, for the Assyrian is death and slavery — TO YOUR TENTS, 0 ISRAEL! * * * Behold the day, 0 Fellow Black Men! They cheat and mock us; they kill and slay us; they deride our misery. When we plead for the naked protection of the law, there where a million of our fellows dwell, they tell us to "GO TO HELL!" To YOUR TENTS, 0 ISRAEL! And FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT for Freedom! How shall we fight? Not by Might nor by Power but by M y Spirit, saith the Lord! With the Great Weapon. The day of Beginnings is at end. We are a mighty organization. Therein Cleveland, in the springtime of World Peace, there met 265 delegates and members, from thirty-four states of the Union, representing 75,000 members of the National Association for 'the Advancement of Colored People. This is the Great Weapon. How did they tell us to wield it, in those nineteen sessions, with aggregate audiences of 10,000 persons? Listen to their words: FIGHT BISHOP JOHN L. HURST ACCORDING to every definition the American Negro is a citizen and under the Constitution of the United States he is so recognized. The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution calls for his enjoyment of every right and privilege accorded every class of citizens. But there is a group in the country whose fundamental conception of democracy is an institution where women and Negroes are excluded from Government and the right to rule denied them. Steadfastly this group have set their faces against the Constitution and through every conceivable device they have succeeded in annulling each decree so that well nigh two-thirds of the Negro population entitled to exercise the franchise are excluded from the ballot box. Among them are to be found two distinct governments— one for themselves and by themselves, and the other for the colored man, but also run by the whites and for the whites. They see to it that the tax levy is the same for both, but in the division thereof, if division at all, the whites get almost all of it and the Negro what may be left ... . The people of color and their friends who believe in absolute justice must bring forth every vestige of wisdom and courage, and energy at their command and hurl it against this colossus of race hatred upon which is based this systematic robbery and damnable injustice to the Negro. The colored people especially must resolve to make a sacrifice of their means, yea, of all they have, to back up their contention and employ the most capable and consciencious counsel that the Bar affords. If need be, they must be ready to offer their lives for their freedom and the things that make life worth living. As a race, we gave the country four hundred thousand of our best sons to make the supreme sacrifice in order to make the world free from German oppression. These same boys should be willing to make this country free from American oppression against their race. I know they are willing and ready. Some may say this is madness. If it is, let me reassure them that the entire race must be mad, for this is the language they speak today and the only thing they will listen to. THE BITTER TRUTH P. O'CONNELL MY own heart—and I must be personal — my own heart has been a sensitized plate that has received every impression from childhood up to this present moment, every impression of the degradation, the shame, the wretchedness, the woe, the torture, the heartlessness, the oppression, to which our people have been subjected by the superior race. I feel it all. I am lynched daily. I have in the night time awakened my wife with cries of agony uttered in sympathy with the people to whom I belong; I have made white men hate me because I have cried and prayed to God in their presence to pity my people; I have made CRISIS my people weary of me because I have repeated what I have gathered from the newspapers and periodicals, especially from THECRISIS, because I have repeated with iteration and reiteration the horrors that we daily endure uncomplainingly. I know this question; I am this question embodied. I drew from my mother's breast the capacity for resentment and I do resent. I drew from her breast courage to speak and I do speak. I drew from her breast reverence for myself as a man that is never daunted by any manifestation of power, or capacity, or dignity, or greatness, on the part of any man. I am a man and I challenge for myself as a man reverence from all men everywhere. I know no superior. I never feared a white man .. . I have felt, however, difficulty in my own proper person, in the realness of my manhood, in the terribleness of my wrongs and in the consciousness that the very saints in Heaven are muttering curses on my behalf, that the sunlight is darting demons against my foes—I have had difficulty in restraining myself from entering the list and challenging them anywhere and everywhere to utterance. FIGHT BY VOTING CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL SO long as there is one class of Americans denied their civic rights, it is useless to talk about social democracy. So long as there is one class of American citizens to whom one avenue of em ployment is closed, it is perfectly idle to talk about industrial democracy. So long as there is one system of justice for men of a light complexion and no system of justice for men of dark complexion, it is useless and idle to talk about justice. So long as there are three amendments to the Constitution that can be nullified in any part of the United States, it is idle to talk about this as a constitutional OPINION 181 country. So long as there is in the Southern States nothing but anarchy, it is useless for a certain part of my white brethren to shiver with fear at the sound of that word, for they have anarchy already in the South Now, then, Colored American Brother of Mine, will you seize this opportunity that God has placed with in your reach and make this country really free? It rests with you. For fifty years the colored American of the North has been voting for some body else. Now, in the name of God and Freedom, vote for yourselves! Vote for yourselves once. Try it just once. You have tried everything else, so try that just once. What do you care whether the tariff duty on glass is sixty-seven or sixty-six and a half cents? That makes no differ ence to you. What do you care what the tariff duty on lumber, planed on one side, is? Nothing is of any im portance to you except the funda mental matter of Liberty and Justice. When a candidate comes to you and asks for your suffrage on the ground that he is a member of the Grand Old Party or any party and you ought to vote for him, tell him to get while getting is good. The only thing you care about is where does he stand on this issue. Nothing else is of any importance. Make your candidate come up and answer that question. If he is right on this, he is right on everything else so far as you are concerned. REGISTERED FIGHTERS CORA FINLEY EVE R since we in Atlanta have re-organized the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People an appeal has been made to the male members to register and qualify, pay their taxes and get ready to vote. A t every meeting of the branch this appeal has been made, but when the City of Atlanta proposed to issue bonds and raise the tax rate from $1.25 to $1.50, the men then saw their opportunity and a great effort was made to have every man in Atlanta qualified to vote in this election. More than two thousand colored men registered, some paying back taxes to large amounts; some borrowed the money with which to pay them. Pro- motors of the bond campaign, hearing of the activity of the colored men, came and asked them to vote for bonds and taxes. The men replied: "If you will guarantee us certain improvements in the schools, we will gladly vote for bonds and taxes; if not, we will vote against bonds and taxes." The committee replied that they were not in position to guarantee, but that they would give their word as gentlemen. The reply was made that "We have had in the past one bond issue when we were promised schools if the bonds sold at a premium, and they sold at a premium and we were given only one school. Now we wish a guarantee of some kind." Among the things demanded by the committee were that double sessions in the public schools be abandoned and that the colored teachers receive the same salary as white teachers for their services. No one was able to make such a promise, so when the day of election came, two thousand colored men voted against everything. The bond issue was lost. Then another effort was made. Someone said the colored voter did not understand; that the matter had not been thoroughly explained to him; that if thoroughly understood, they would vote for the bonds. So another bond issue was set and another conference was held. The same proposition was made. The same demands were made by the colored citizens, but no definite assurance could be obtained. The day of the bond election came around and this time more than two thousand colored men voted against everything and the bond issue was lost. 182 THE CRISIS FIGHT THE A. F. OF L. E. K. JONES THE decision which was reached by the American Federation of Labor at Atlantic City, last week, is a decision which has thus far been put only on paper. It may mean a great deal; it may mean nothing. It will only mean a great deal provided that in every locality throughout this country the colored men and women come together and demand of the various labor locals recognition of Negroes as workingmen. It means that in Washington, there ought to be stationed men who are big and broad enough to see the importance of this decision on the part of organized labor; who will see that the internationals change their constitutions so as to admit Negro men; and to see that the internationals and the Executive Council pass on the final word to the locals in regard to this matter. Because, after all, it is entirely a local question as to whether a man will or will not be admitted when he is qualified. The internationals only decide as to policy, as to constitutional rights. Putting into execution is a matter of local concern. THE SWORD OF THE SPIRIT OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD THE Negro in America asks no special privilege, no favor. He might have; he might have said: "You stole my labor as you stole my body and soul for generations; pay me the wages that were withheld and give me that as an endowment for a life of freedom and self-help." He did nothing of the kind. He asks nothing now, save that that shall be his which is other men's. He wishes to live and to let live in this fair country of ours. He merely asks that if he pays for courts, he shall have the courts; that if he pays for the police, the police shall protect him in life and limb and property; that if he pays for schools, there shall be schools for his children; that if he pays for land, it shall be his; that if he is a tenant, he shall be a tenant and not a peon or serf. He goes back to our text-books of history and finds something therein about no taxation without representation. He says that this is a good Americanism; that it is neither the doctrines of Bolshevists nor of Anarchists, but of the founders of the American Republic. But when he seeks to apply it to himself, why then he is told that he will do so at the peril of his life in certain sections of our country The Negro problem insoluble? To me it seems the easiest of all our great problems to solve; the easiest for which to suggest constructive remedies. It requires nothing else than to imagine how the Savior would deal with it. He would know and He knew—no hate, no dislike, no prejudice of race or color. He would be swayed by no economic jealousy. He would go out among the colored as among all others. He would sit at their tables. He would break bread with them. He would suffer them all to come unto Hi m and He would give of everything He had to ease their pains, to bind up their wounds, to sooth, to purify and to uplift their spirits. SOUTHERN WHITE ALLIES L. M. FAVROT IN conclusion, let me pay a tribute to the race for whose advancement I have the privilege of working. It is not possible to work with these people and not feel for them sympathy, admiration and respect. The sacrifices they are making for the education and enlightenment of their people, their kindly disposition and the sincere appreciation they show for the smallest service rendered them, their patience, the philosophical way they generally take discourtesy and brusque treatment, their cheerfulness even in adversity—all of these things make it a source of never-ceasing wonder to me that for so many years I lived among these people and knew them not; that for so many years I caw in them only the faults that are bred of ignorance, depravity and neglect and not the inherent good qualities with which our Almighty Creator had endowed them. ' I. am grateful that my eyes have been opened, and that it is my privilege to help open the eyes of others in my state. And may I say that it is in this work, it seems to me, that your organization can do the most lasting service to our colored people? Avoid doing anything to encourage a spirit of resentment which may lead to crime, lawlessness and greater bitterness and distrust. Our thoughtful people deplore, and an increasing number resent, the shocking occurrences that all too frequently besmirch the good name of the South and of our State. Your efforts to prevent these outrages spring from righteous indignation and should be crowned with success. Base your appeal to those in authority on grounds that will arouse their indignation, as it has yours, and you'll get a response. We cannot and do not ask you to disregard the evils that exist—injustice, unfair discrimination and mob violence. We do urge you to recognize the serious aspects and innate difficulties of the problems that beset us, to help us with constructive suggestions and to give the colored people of the South some encouragement by bearing witness to our efforts in their behalf. THREE HUNDRED YEARS THRE E hundred years ago this month a " Dutch man of Warre sold us twenty Negars." They were not slaves. They were stolen freemen. They were free in Africa; they were free by the laws of Virginia. By force and fraud they and their children were gradually reduced to a slavery, the legality of which was not fully recognized for nearly a century after 1619. From their loins and the bodies of their fellows of after-years have sprung—counting both "white" and " black " — full twenty million souls. Those still visibly tinged with their blood are still enslaved—by compulsory ignorance, disfranchisement and public insult. In sack-cloth and ashes, then, we commemorate this day, lest we forget; lest a single drop of blood, a single moan of pain, a single bead of sweat, in all these three, long, endless centuries should drop into oblivion. Why must we remember? Is this but a counsel of Vengeance and Hate? God forbid! We must remember because if once the world forgets evil, evil is reborn; because if the suffering of the American Negro is once forgotten, then there is no guerdon, down to the last pulse of time, that Devils will not again enslave and maim and murder and oppress the weak and unfortunate. Behold, then, this month of mighty memories; celebrate it, Children of the Sun, in solemn song and silent march and grim thanksgiving. The Fourth Century dawns and through it, God guide our thrilling hands. SOUL AND STAR C. BERTRAM JOHNSON SO oft from out the verge afar The dear dreams throng and throng; Sometimes I think my soul a star, And life its pulsed song. THE BROTHERHOOD OF MAN A STORY E. LlEBOWITZ WE were seated in our charming garden, the five of us who so often gathered together for an afternoon's recreation. The five were: Madame Kadanska, the Polish lady, who lived in a hotel in the Champs-Elysees; Marcelline, Madame's little girl; Major Miron, an old friend; myself; and my own dear little Toto. His name was Jacques, hut Toto was one of the first words his bahy lips lisped. Major Miron held Marcelline on his knee, while Toto stood very near, wide-eyed, taking in the marvelous tales unfolded by the Major. Major Miron was an old traveller. The Orient was as familiar to him as our Paris was to us. Toto never seemed to tire of the mysterious wonders of India, and often begged the Major to tell him about the little brown boys who lived there. It was a beautiful day in spring. The fruit trees were in bloom, and the faint fragrance of the blossoms was wafted toward us when the gentle winds stirred the branches. Al l was pink, white and green. The tiny blades of grass made the ground beneath our feet tread like a velvet carpet. And the birds, ah,—the dear little creatures sang as if their throats would burst with song. "Ah, Madame Bianchon, this is a day for dreaming—a day for seeing visions; I feel in the mood." Madame Kadanska began singing softly "The Maiden's Wish," that enchanting Polish song of Chopin's. Hers was truly a wonderful voice, a voice that would charm thousands were they privileged to hear it; but Madame always smiled and said, "I save my voice for my friends; I could never sing to a cold, critical audience. Strangers take the life out of me. Ah, yes, I must save my voice for my friends." I begged Madame to sing the song again, for the melody delighted me. "And since we haven't my miserable playing to spoil the beauty, I can better drink in the exquisite beauty of your singing," I said to her. I accompanied Madame when she sang in our salon, but my technique was not adequate, and many of her beautiful phrasings were marred by my miserable playing. Out in the open I could enjoy the round, fresh beauty of that voice, with no thought of the tricky little runs and trills that hopped up and often caught me unawares. Madame knew that I was an indifferent performer, but she always declared that I had the soul, which was more to be desired than mere technique; she said I followed well, and she asked no more than that. As she began singing the lines "Were I a birdling, there would rise my singing round thy charm'd soul," I noticed that the Major had stopped his story-telling to listen to the singing. When the last notes had died away, Toto clapped his hands and called to Madame, "That is so sweet, dear Madame Kadanska;" then turning quickly to the Major, I heard him say, "And you say the little boy was like your own Toto?" "Yes, quite the same as you,—that is, if you will excuse his being brown; and let me see,—yes, his hair was black. Now yours is brown, yet not such a difference, after all; not such a difference, eh, Toto? "You ask about his eyes? Why he had big brown eyes like yours, Toto; but since there were no Marionettes in India to make him hop, skip and jump up and down and laugh, his beautiful brown eyes were sad, Toto." I looked at Madame Kadanska and smiled, "The Major is happy once more; he is back in India. He, too, is in the mood." "We are all in the mood today," she replied. "What is it that makes us so?" "I do not know," I ventured to remark, for Madame did not seem to be addressing me. She had the look in her eyes that I had seen often before when she would say, "I am dreaming of things unseen, dear Madame Bianchon." My friend was a beautiful woman,—very, very slender, and full of that grace so well known among Polish women. She had shining brown hair with natural waves that sent the glints flying when the sun played on it. But the most striking feature of Madame Kadanska was the wonderful light that flashed from her dark eyes. "Yes, we are in the mood today; come, let us try our little medium,—perhaps it will be kinder to you." And she looked at me with eyes that seemed to say, "I have lived and lived, through me shines the living soul." For years Madame Kadanska had been a disciple of the higher life. "Toto, dear," I called, "run get the board for mamma."  knew immediately that I was breaking into the Major's story, for he held up a warning finger, and said, "Now, Madame Bianchon, one minute. Toto must remain a little longer. The little East Indian boy doesn't want his teacher to come for the lesson today. The clouds are heavy and there is just one ray of sun shining through, and the little brown boy is standing at the door praying for the rain." "Of course, Toto may remain, Major Miron, since it is likely the rain will come at any minute now," I replied. The finger relaxed and his hand rested lightly on my boy's head. In a few minutes I heard the Major crying in a triumphant voice, "Ah, that little ray has gone in. The rain is coming gently, gently, Toto. Now look, my boy. It is coming in a regular shower. Thundering heavens! It is pouring now." Major Miron always related the greater part of his stories in terms of the present, and Toto never failed to respond in a like tone. "Hooray! Hooray! The teacher cannot come for the lesson today," Toto cried, jumping up and down in a frenzy of delight. "Now, Toto, the ouija board for mamma." He started toward the house, then gave a quick turn, and coming to my side said, "Mamma, I wish I were a little brown boy." As the curly head nestled under my arm we heard the strains of an old French song played on a street organ. "Hurry, Toto," called the Major. "I seem to hear the music of the Marionettes in the distance." Dear to the hearts of all French children are the Marionettes, the little puppets that make merry always. Whenever a child hears the cry, "The Marionettes are coming," nurses, big brothers and big sisters rush out with their little charges to see the sight that is ever wonderful to children; and to some grown-ups, too, for the Major has often confided to me that he has never outgrown this childish joy at the sight of the Marionettes. The favorite Marionette with children is the troubadour, who plucks his guitar and bows to the never-ending delight of his young audience. The puppets are just about a foot high. They slide instead of walking, as respectable human beings are wont to do. If there were such a thing as a Marionette being born, then he first came to life in far-off Egypt, for all their movements are angular. They bow, turn, kiss and kneel; sometimes they lose their balance and up in the air their pedal extremities go, adding much to the amusement of the children. And the music—there are the old French songs so dear to memory—the children have heard them from their cradles. "Now, Major, when the twilight comes, return with the children. And, Toto, no begging " I admonished. Through the gate the Major and the children go, Toto running ahead, then back again, catching the Major's hand, almost dragging him on. "Happy childhood, Madame Kadanska," I said to my friend. "Yes, happy childhood," she repeated. "Now that we are alone, let us try our little magic," I said. We placed the board and adjusted it, so there would be no tilting. Our fingers touched the little pointer lightly. Five minutes passed; the pointer remained still. "It does not respond quickly today," I ventured. "Or is it that I am impatient?" Madame made no reply, but gave me a warning look. The pointer was just beginning to move slowly. "Now, Madame Kadanska, you are pushing the pointer because of my impatience. Is it not so?" I asked. Again the warning look; her eyes seemed to say, "You will break the spell." I began to watch the little pointer now with keen interest. At first there was the slightest perceptible movement to and fro, just as if we were pushing it gently backward and forward. Gradually the movement increased. I begged Madame to begin asking questions, and to try and put me in touch with the force that always responded to her will. "Are you willing to talk today?" she asked. The pointer turned to the letters y-e-s. Madame Kadanska told me to ask ques tions, and find out whether I was to receive any communication. I eagerly addressed my remarks to the board, asking "Will you talk to me?" "Yes," came the answer. "Do you know me?-" The pointer turned to the letters y-e-s. "How long have you known me," I asked. My heart was beating fast, for it was the first time the board had favored me with any communication whatever. Madame Kadanska, the ethereal one, as I playfully called her sometimes, lived in close touch with the great beyond. We waited anxiously, while the pointer spelled the words, "I have known you for more than a thousand years." "Where was it that you knew me?"questioned, and in breathless wonder read the words "IN INDIA." I became anxious to know if I had had many reincarnations, and on receiving the intelligence that I had already had two, I asked about my next. I cannot express to you the feeling that possessed me when these words formed themselves on the ouija board, "Live the life that is now yours, for you are one of the many who have been sent to teach "The Brotherhood of Man." "The Brotherhood of Man," I said to Madame Kadanska. "What can that mean? I do not understand." Madame's eyes were filled with tears. The spell was broken, the unseen force had left us; but there was something ineffably sweet singing in my heart—the Brotherhood of Man—I must think; I must learn. Madame Kadanska took my hand and said, "You must think seriously of the message. The world needs awakening. It may not be given you to finish the work, but when the time comes, my dear friend, you must go." I felt that I could look to Madame for guidance, for she had been a great traveler. Every country of Europe was well known to her. It was she and the Major who had taught me so much about the Orient and its customs. The new world, too, had been included in her travels, and so through her I had become acquainted with the prejudices existing among the peoples of this world of ours. How could I have lived through the next few days without the remembrance of that last day in our garden? It had been such a happy day for me—and as the sun went down, I did not know that there would be many days before it would shine again. Madame Kadanska and I were gathering up our work-baskets, for the air was becoming a bit chilled. We had decided to wait on the upper balcony for the return of the Major and the children. Just as we were about to close the gate I heard the voice of Major Miron, calling "Madame Kadanska, take dear Madame Bianchon into the house. Hurry! please." His voice was filled with anguish. I knew something dreadful must have happened— yet I did not once think of Toto. Madame Kadanska's sensitive nature knew immediately that the day was ending in tragedy. She drew me most tenderly into the house while the Major followed, looking as if years had suddenly settled upon him. Brokenly he told me how Toto, overjoyed at the sight of the Marionettes, ran ahead and started across the avenue. They had followed the Marionettes from the Champs-Elysees through the Avenue de la Grande Armee to the porte Maillot. At this point the Marionettes crossed to reach the crowds that were celebrating the Fete de Neuilly. Toto, in his eagerness, did not heed the approaching vehicles. He was bent on catching up with the Marionettes. Major Miron, realizing the danger, rushed forward frantically in an effort to save the child. The driver tugged at the reins, the horses reared; but the effort was useless—my boy lay crushed and scarcely breathing. Two nights we watched at the bedside of little Toto. There were times when I held my ear close to the little body to detect the breathing. "Madame, there is no hope," said the doctor; "a few hours, perhaps—then he will sleep." Some good spirit must have been with me in those trying hours, for I kept repeating the words of the poet de Musset, "Nothing can make us greater than a great, great grief"—and so I determined to strengthen the belief that was gradually beginning to grow within me—the belief that there is no death and that we return. I looked at the little figure lying so still on the bed. The pale face was made paler by the clusters of dark curls. I was afraid to embrace my darling, and so I let my fingers play gently with the shining curls. My touch must have sent some current through the unconscious frame, for Toto's cold hand clutched at my fingers and pulled me closer to him. "Mamma, dear mamma," he said, "I have been in a beautiful place, more lovely than our little garden. Flowers grew everywhere—and the trees—such tall, waving trees I never saw before. Lots of little boys like me were there, and they crowded around me and said, 'Stay with us.' "Mamma, I am going to leave you now; I must go there again." "And then, Toto—then?" I breathlessly questioned. "Then after a long time, I will come back here; but I will be a little brown boy, like the ones dear Major Miron tells me about. I am going to choose a country where there are lots and lots of brown boys living. I will be so—happy—I'll be a— little—brown—boy." The last words came almost as a whisper —the child's hand grew colder; I knew that my boy had gone to another world. It was about the seventh day after Toto had left me that I ventured to go into my garden. "Oh, God," I sighed; "if the mist would only clear away." I sat leaning wearily against the apple tree, and fell asleep. Immediately, so it seemed, and as if by magic, I entered a beautiful garden. There were palm trees as far as the eye could reach; flowers grew in profusion. Such a riot of colors, and blended as only the Master-hand could paint on the canvas of nature. As I stood gazing at all this beauty, my attention was attracted by peals of silvery laughter. I crept forward, almost afraid that the sound of my footsteps would betray my presence; afraid because I felt that I was a trespasser. What would the owners say to me? How could I explain my presence in this wonderful garden that bespoke of royalty? As these thoughts flitted through my mind some compelling force made me turn. There stood the owners of the voices that sent the silvery laughter ringing through the garden. What a picture they made standing among the flowers, each one more beautiful than the flowers. Again I beheld a riot of coloring. Al l were brown, such beautiful browns—red browns, yellow browns, creamy browns—who but an artist or a lover of beauty could appreciate and describe the wonderful shades of color, no two being the same? Their forms were slender and straight; their eyes soulful; their voices soft and. musical, I attempted to make an apology for my intrusion, but with a gesture worthy of a prince, the one nearest me said, "Our garden is made beautiful for all people. Come with us. We have been sent to pluck the rarest flower in this garden." The boy who had spoken led me along a path bordered with beautiful flowers. "Surely," I said, "your flower is among these." "No, a few steps beyond." "Here it is," cried the others who had gone before us. Reaching them, my little guide stooped and plucked the bloom, then held it out to me. The flower wag unlike any in the garden —the petals were like the richest velvet, with a sheen of satin; the color was astonishing. It was as black as midnight—yet that blackness was most beautiful. "This is a wonderful bloom," I said to the boy. "Yes," he replied; "flowers are like people —there are many colors among them. Al l are beautiful. Wouldn't it be dreadful if all were alike?" The child came closer to me and, pointing with a slender finger, said, "See, the seed lies here; shake the flower. There! Do you see it falling? Plant the seed, and from it will bloom the most beautiful flower that ever grew on earth." We had been walking toward the gate and as I reached it, I turned to ask the name of my wonderful flower. The soft voice said, "The flower is the Brotherhood of Man; plant it all over the world, where it is needed most." With an almost defiant look, Madame Bianchon ended her strange narrative by saying, "Why should I not teach the Brotherhood of Man, when I believe that my boy, in years to come, will return as a member of a darker race? "You deny the God you profess to love when you refuse to accept the flower I bring you to-night, 'The Brotherhood of Man.' " SHALL I SAY, "MY SON, YOU ARE BRANDED"? GEORGIA D. JOHNSON SHALL I say, "M y son, you are branded in this country's pageantry, Foully tethered, bound forever, and no forum makes you free?" Shall I mark the young light fading through your soul-enchanneled eye, As the dusky pall of shadows screen the highway of your sky? Or shall I with love prophetic bid you dauntlessly arise, Spurn the handicap that binds you, taking what the world denies? Bid you storm the sullen fortress built by prejudice and wrong, With a faith that shall not falter in your heart and on your tongue! National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People. THE TENTH ANNIVERSARY It was a mighty meeting. In many ways it was the greatest assembly ever held by Negroes in the United States. There have been larger assemblies among churches and fraternities, and meetings more intense, like the Niagara Movement at Harper's Ferry; but never have so many Negroes from so many states met in such earnest and continuous conference. Two hundred and sixty-five delegates came to Cleveland, during the last week in June, from thirty-four states: Ohio 57 Nebraska 4 New York 18 Colorado 4 MichiganGeorgiaPennsylvania 16  15  15 New JerseyWest VirginiaFlorida 4 4 4 Illinois 13 Louisiana 4 Alabama 13 North Carolina 3 Indiana 9 Massachusetts 3 South Carolina 11 Maryland 2 Texas 8 Rhode Island 2 District of Columbia. . 8 Kansas 2 KentuckyMissouri 8 8 OklahomaIowa 1 1 Tennessee 6 Delaware 1 Arkansas 7 California 1 MississippiVirginia 5 5 OregonWisconsin 1 1 In spirit and voice—even in oratory— the assembly represented the New Time. There was little perfervid oratory; there was much of the halting utterance of the timid but full speaker. There was less of the Panacea and the Phrase and more of determination, eagerness for fact and truth without embellishment. Nineteen sessions were held—indeed the meeting was almost one continuous session, from 3 o'clock Sunday afternoon, June 22, to 11 o'clock Saturday night, June 29. Every day the sessions held from 11 to 11, with a hurried lunch at the Phyllis Wheatley or the Royal Inn, and a more leisurely, but never long, dinner. There was almost no time for social functions, and perhaps the one criticism of the meeting was the utter lack of any note of beauty—few songs, no orchestral music, no ceremonial of grace or color, save the simple bundle of flowers given Miss Ovington, Saturday night—little but the grim, earnest conference, lightened now and then by illustrative pleasantries. It was a strain—a keying-up of emotion and thought that left many exhausted, but uplifted with Vision. The dominant notes were two, FIGHT and VOTE. Some there were who were almost frightened at the recurrence of the word "FIGHT!" —at the reiteration of the idea. Some feared that it meant a doctrine of bloodshed and murder in mad retaliation. It did not. It meant simply determination to secure the right to vote, education and law and order for twelve million people, and to secure these at any cost. The total attendance at the meetings must have aggregated 10,000 persons. The greater meetings were at the Armory, to hear the final words, and at the Technical High School, to witness the bestowal, of the Spingarn Medal. Other night meetings would have been as large had there been space. Hundreds were turned away. The morning and afternoon conferences were largely attended and the interest sustained. The Spring Membership Drive was reported as still in progress. This drive began in March, when there was a membership of 172 branches and 45,370 members. The drive progressed as follows: April 1ST Branches 49,593 Members May :03 Branches 51,832 Members .Tune 211 Branches 56,345 Members July (Probably) 75,000 Members The Thursday night meeting of the Cleveland Conference ended in the presentation of pennants to those branches that had gone "over the top!" Membership Quota Reported Beaumont 126 250 420 Birmingham 80 COO 051 Bloomington-Normal ... . 91 200 325 Camden 42 150 156 Charleston, W. Va Ill 350 405 Cleveland 1,077 2,000 3,079 Columbia 59 300 418 Dallas 366 1,000 1,030 Darlington 28 100 160 Denver 394 700 720 Falls Church 90 250 261 Flint 55 250 276 Grand Rapids 50 200 201 Indianapolis 237 700 725 Lansing 30 100 155 Little Rock 102 300 457 Louisville 1,325 2,500 3,010 Mumford 170 200 2S2 Omaha 158 500 745 Ottumwa 41 160 182 Petersburg 117 300 336 Pine Bluff 105 250 295 San Diego 63 350 354 Selma SI 300 312 Spokane 81 300 329 Terre Haute 50 200 282 Shreveport 189 400 415 Thomasville 52 200 307 Toledo 653 1,000 1,071 Tuscaloosa 84 200 282 Wilmington, N. C 60 200 215 Of all the sessions none was more interesting than that at Oberlin—the freedom of the historic village, the beauty of the great chapel, with the gracious strains of "Aida" and the words of welcome of G. N. A. A. C. P. Frederick Wright, brought a certain solemnity and calm: "In 1861 came the attempt of the slave-holding states to break up the Union and fasten the chains of slavery still more tightly upon the subject race. Though the ostensible object of the North was not to abolish slavery, but to preserve the Union, it was clear to us here that if the North was successful, slavery must go down. The compromising element taunted us antislavery men with not being loyal to the Union, and that we must either put up or shut up. We did not shut up, but we did put up. I was one of the 100 students that volunteered at the first call and formed Company C, of the 7th Ohio Regiment. Before the war was ended, thirty-nine of that number were killed in battle, or died in prisons or hospitals and as many more were maimed for life. One hundred names of Oberlin students and citizens who gave their lives on the battlefield for the freedom of the slave may be found upon the monument that solicits the attention of all who pass along the corner of College and Professor Streets. Here it is in place to add that my classmate General G. W. Shurtleff formed the first colored regiment in Ohio and became its leader." The resolutions adopted by a committee of the conference representing each state were, in part, as follows: "Al l true Americans view with concern the efforts of discontented people to disrupt our government, and we warn the American people that the patience of even colored people can find its limit; that with poor schools, 'Jim-Crow' methods of travel, little or no justice in court or in things economic staring him in the face, while the colored man is called on to bear his part of the burden in taxation, in government loans, in civic gifts and in fighting the common foes of our government, we are inviting him to grasp the hands which the Bolsheviki, the I. W. W., and other kindred organizations held out to him. It cannot be expected that Negro leaders can forever hold out empty hope to a people deluded in toto. "We are deeply sensible of the campaign of lies that have been subtly and persistently directed against colored officers and men, particularly colored officers of the United States Army. We have facts to prove that in many instances the least trained among these men were put forward at all; that the Negro's enemies worked zealously to prove that the colored officer was a failure .... 192 TH E CRISIS "We are aware of instances in which both officers and men were thrown into prison on the merest pretenses, or on charges which rightfully fell on the shoulders of white officers. We are also cognizant of the fact that the American colored soldiers brigaded with the French did not suffer for recognition through citations, war crosses and even advancement in rank, while the colored soldier's own white countrymen not only stole all possible opportunity for distinction from him, but actively sought to poison European and American public opinion against their brothers in black. "We demand Congressional investigation of the treatment of colored soldiers at home and abroad. The shameless and cunning manner in which these officers and men have been treated was not only discriminatory, but violative of the spirit of the American people towards men who were offering their lives for a great cause. We make this demand because the facts so evident to us cannot be hidden from all others, and to allow this to go unchallenged is to weaken national and military morale. "We are opposed to race segregation in the army and navy of the United States of America since it cheats our government of that which is best in discipline and spirit; but if that separation is provided by law, then we demand a full division in the new army to be provided for by the present Congress, officered from top to bottom by col ored men "Federal aid to common school training is indispensable and imperative, but wherever separate schools for colored are compulsory, all federal appropriations must by law be conditioned on the strict division of the funds between the races, according to population and on colored people having representation on the boards that control colored schools "We demand such federal legislation as shall give the government at Washington, absolute control of the investigation of and punishment for lynching. This hideous barbarism is murder, and when supposedly civilized democratic states, with laws on their books to prevent or punish murder, openly declare that they are powerless to stop lynching, as declared several southern governors to our Association, they thereby confess that they are to that extent incapable of self-government and subject to this only remedy at hand. "We denounce the 'Jim-Crow' laws of the South as being illegal and unconstitutional in that such laws interfere with interstate traffic and deny to a large part of its loyal citizens equal rights guaranteed un der the Constitution; and we call upon the Congress of the United States to exercise its power under the Commerce clause of the Constitution to the end that all such laws Le abolished. "We demand that the Congress take such action as will insure to all citizens, regardless of race, color, or creed, equal and unsegregated service and accommodation on railroad and Pullman cars. "We demand the enforcement of all Constitutional amendments without discrimination. The patience of the colored American is sorely tried by the country's complacent acceptance of these curtailments of his rights. The country has recently called on us to perform unusual duties; we demand that we have the usual rights of American citizens. "We demand that the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth amendments of the Constitution of the United States, which guarantee the citizenship of the colored American and his enjoyment of all the rights inherent therein and flowing therefrom, be recognized and enforced by the Government, in good faith. To this end we call on all our colored voters in the better civilized parts of the country to see that their representatives in Congress live up to the demands made herein, or report the reasons why." THE Fifth Spingarn Medal was "awarded to Archibald H . Grimke, of Washington, D. C.| for seventy years of distinguished service to his country and his race —as Consul to San Domingo, as president of the American Negro Academy, as author and scholar, and especially as president of the District of Columbia Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, which under his leadership has become the safeguard of the rights of eleven million people at the capital of the nation." Mr. Grimke was born at Charleston, S. C, in 1849. He was educated at Lincoln University and the Harvard Law School. AT the urgent invitation of the Atlanta, Ga., Branch, backed by invitations from the Mayor, the Chamber of Commerce and Governor Dorsey, the Conference recommended that the Directors choose Atlanta as the 1920 meeting place. AND so we came away—along the grey waters of the wide-thrown lake, above the thunder of Niagara, and I remembered the day when in fear and hesitation the Niagara Movement was born. I remembered the vague, uncertain birth of the N. A. A. C. P. Then in contrast I saw Cleveland— its crowds, its earnestness, its triumphant sense of power; I remembered the faces of friends and the hand clasps of those who knew—I remembered and I was glad. SONNET ALICE DUNBAR-NELSON HA D not thought of violets of late, The wild, shy kind that spring beneath your feet In wistful April days, when lovers mate And wander through the fields in raptures sweet. The thought of violets meant florists' shops, And bows and pins, and perfumed papers fine; And garish lights, and mincing little fops, And cabarets and songs, and deadening wine. So far from sweet real things my thoughts had strayed, I had forgot wide fields, and clear brown streams; The perfect loveliness that God has made,— dream Of violets, and my soul's forgotten gleam. The Looking Glass LITERATURE LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL in The Outlook: Three things there are that men will do, Leaders of men, beware! Your calling and election true Will shine, if they have faith that you Their stubborn purpose share. Men will see men as only men, 0 masters, take ye heed! No one shall hold the rights of ten, No mortal be divine again, No counsel, pact, or creed. Men will be bold to follow thought. O captains, ye shall find The peoples of the earth distraught By being merely led and taught, But now they have a mind. And men will share the wealth they make. To this of all attend. The worker for the worker's sake Will prove his power to give and take, That ancient greed may end. But in the ways where labor stalks Portentous with its load, The soul of God's great future talks, The genius of His purpose walks, And there must lie your road. * * * H. P. Vivian says in a review of Winfield H . Collins' "Truth About Lynching and the Negro in the South": Mr. Collins' excuses for lynching are the familiar discredited ones. " A mode of punishment," he says, "that would be out of place as to the white man may well be suited to the Negro. Smallpox is not to be treated as chicken-pox. Barbarous criminals require barbarous laws." Lynching, of course, is not a barbarous law at all. Its barbarity—which is real—consists in its complete negation of law. But those who have deduced from the foregoing that Mr. Winfield Collins is incapable of moral indignation are wrong. Hear him: "Let some Negro brute guilty of rape suffer the punishment he so richly deserves at the hands of an outraged community, and one would think, if he considered the bitter censure from distant quarters, that the foundation of the government were being undermined, or that a poor lamb was set upon by a pack of howling wolves, thirsting for its blood, but not a word of commiseration for the family or the victim of the fiendish Negro's unbridled bestiality." Comment on this outburst seems unnecessary. But there are other "extenuating circumstances." Consider, at the author's invitation, the fact that the population of certain states is more than half Negro. And that in certain parishes and in certain other counties the Negro population is over 90 percent of the whole. "Is it any wonder that the white man thinks it necessary to strike terror into the soul of the possible or incipient Negro criminal by any method that may cause him to stand in fear of an immediate and dreadful death?" Writing in the year in which a great war, described as a duel between Civilization and Its Enemy, was brought to a triumphant conclusion, a citizen of the most advanced democracy of the day can write: "Of remedies for lynching I have none. Of proposed remedies, I have only to say that which seems in any way practicable might result in unmerited hardship to whites and an increase in rape cases as well ... . The law sanctions personal self-defense. The white man in lynching a Negro does it as an indirect act of self-defense against the Negro criminal as a race." Thus is the eternal fitness of things nobly justified. A NEGRO COMMUNITY SETTLEMENT FEW people know of Washington Terrace, a suburb of Cincinnati, where two hundred Negro families live together, with every facility for improving their industrial and educational status. The community has sprung into existence through the will of a Cincinnati woman who wished to found an industrial school for Negroes. A group of Cincinnati men, including J. G. Schmidlapp, Judge Worthington, Frank Jones, and Willis Kemper, were made guardians of the fund. The Cincinnati, Ohio, Commercial Tribune says: In 1914 Mr. Schmidlapp went to the convention of the National Housing Commission and upon his return took up the idea of building a Negro community, for he is a firm believer that the Negro can best develop himself when surrounded by those of his own race. He interested several Cincinnati friends in the proposed deal, formed a stock company and started work on Washington Terrace. Thus it was that what has been 194 called by experts the most perfect housing arrangement in the world came to be a reality. The site chosen was a plot of seven acres in that beautiful, wooded section of the city called "Bloody Run." Beginning at Kerper Avenue on Walnut Hills, the property ex tends to the boundary line of Avondale. It would have been difficult to find a more suit able location than this little spot nestling among the hills. The houses are built in rows, but to avoid monotony in architectural design they are so arranged that each one stands out indi vidually. For instance, in the group known as the annex there are two, four and eight apartment houses of the detached and semi detached type, so that the cheerless appear ance of a straight row of houses is avoided. With but few exceptions all apartments have separate entrances, which is a great asset toward the moral side of housing be cause of the few points of contact it af fords the tenants. Each flat has a bath and toilet and a separate water heater. Every room is more than two rooms deep, insur ing plenty of fresh air. It has been estimated by social workers that 90 per cent of the housekeeping would come up to a perfect grade, while about 8 per cent would be considered adequate from a sanitary standpoint. Only the remaining 2 per cent were found below the average during three years. The Terrace provides homes for 188 fam ilies. It is divided into four main groups— Washington Terrace, which contains sev enty-eight flats; the Annex, which has thir ty-eight; the Taft Lane group of thirty flats and the Kerper Avenue group of forty-two form the community. Rentals are based on a 10 per cent, gross return from the investment. In other words, for every $100 of capital spent a rental of $10 is expected annually. This 10 per cent, is divided into three parts. A divi dend of not more than 5 per cent, is paid on the original investment; 2 per cent, is al lowed for depreciation and 3 per cent, is set aside to cover the cost of repairs, taxes, as sessments, water and other incidentals. During the three years that the corporation has been in existence it has succeeded in keeping within these limits and already in the depreciation fund there is $41,000. * * * A n interesting feature of the Terrace is the co-operative grocery, which is the only one of its kind to be found in a Negro community in this country. It is financed and managed by the company for the benefit of the community. Fresh meats, fruits, vegetables and other staples are provided at market prices, and the sales of the store approximate nearly $2,500 a month. Three or four times a year stock is taken and a financial report submitted to the tenants. Up to this time five dividends of 3 per cent, have been declared and the money distributed among the purchasers. RACE MORTALITY W. F. GEPHART, of Washington University, says in his "Principles of Insurance": "The hazard due to races can be determined with increasing accuracy as the vital statistics of races become more accurate. In the United States the vital statistics of the registration area show a higher mortality among Negroes than among whites. The causes for this condition are too well known to need description. The greater ignorance of the Negro race, not only as to sanitary living, but also as to their correct age, adds another element to the normal hazard. Some companies practically refuse 'to	 accept Negroes. This is done in various ways, such, for example, as not giving the agent any commission for writing the policy; others discriminate against them in the examination. Many states enacted laws after the Civil War requiring companies to accept Negroes on the same basis as whites in the belief that they were thereby enforcing the spirit of the Fourteenth Amendment, but in practice such laws can easily be evaded." * * * On the other hand, the editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association points out that the Negro is constitutionally a "better physiological machine" than the white man. He goes on to show that a race's resistance to disease is susceptible of most accurate estimation because it can be considered on the basis of statistical information. The Literary Digest quotes him as saying: " A peculiarly valuable instance is afforded by the comparison of white men and Negroes in the United States Army. The numbers are sufficiently large to give some semblance of validity to the deductions which they permit. The white and colored troops live under equally good sanitary conditions, are examined with equal diagnostic skill. A study of the sort indicated has recently been reported by Lieutenant-Colonel Love and Major Davenport, who have undertaken an analysis of more than half a million admissions to sick report in our Army including more than 15,000 for the colored troops. For many maladies the morbidity-rate is the same in the two races. The army officers have, however, ascertained from the statistics that the colored troops are relatively less resistant to diseases of the lungs and pleura as well as to certain general dis 196 	THE eases, like tuberculosis and smallpox; they are also much more frequently infected with venereal disease and suffer wide-spread complications of these diseases. Love and Davenport point out, on the other hand, that in general the skin not only on the surface of the body, but also that which is infolded to form the lining of the mouth and nasopharynx, is much more resistant to microorganisms in Negroes than in white men. The white skin seems to be relatively a degenerate skin in this respect. Furthermore, the nervous systems of the uninfected Negroes show fewer cases of 'instability' than those of white men. Thus there is far less neurasthenia, there are fewer instances of psychopathic states, and there is only half as much alcoholism in colored as in white troops. Nutritional disorders . . . are also less common among the Negroes. As Love and Davenport describe the uninfected Negro, 'he seems to have more stable nerves, has better eyes, and metabolizes better. Thus, in many respects the uninfected colored troops show themselves to be constitutionally better physiological machines than the white men.' " CHANGES IN PSYCHOLOGY THE United States, says the Chicago, 111., Tribune, has a new type of black man to deal with. This type is developing a strong social consciousness out of which arise questionings and resentments. The paper continues: The new type works hard, grows steadily prosperous, and simultaneously with the realization of the worth of its labor, is irked by patronage, by those jokes about the razor, which some of us still think are droll, and by that lofty petting which some of us still believe colored men from 17 to 70 must like. They do not. Al l this new Negro psychology and new Negro consciousness is as surely a fact and a factor in the local situation as is the increasing number of Negroes in our midst. It cannot be left out of the problem if the problem is to be approached rationally and humanely. It may seem like writing all around the subject and not getting into it to harp on this theme of growing social consciousness of the Negroes as a race and the growing sense of his personal dignity manifested by the Negro as an individual—a sense not the less real because it often manifests itself in surliness and rudeness. For several decades the enfranchised Negro sought patronage and liked it. Then he came to distrust and resent it. And now the clear-headed representatives of the race take it with equanimity and as it is meant—take it kindly when it is meant kindly, but they don't like it the better for that. The returning colored soldiers are a big factor in, and big contributors to, this new Negro consciousness. They return with CRISIS heads up, with a more acute sense of the hard conditions to which they were born, and with a fresh determination, since they rightly enough have been made much of, to make something of themselves. They have been under discipline and the effect of discipline is dual. It both tames and makes a man, and it has done both for thousands of these once irresponsible lads. Dr. Cary says that many of them have told him that they tire and sicken of the banquets and dances given them upon their return, and that they seek "something lasting, something worth while." The phrase epitomizes the new aspiration of the new Negro. "Something lasting, something worth while." SEGREGATION CHARLES H. MOORE writes in the Greensboro, N . C , Daily News: I learned the other day that W. J. Mears, one of our successful, prosperous, business Negro men, was compelled to move from the quarters on East Washing-ton Street, where he had recently established himself, because some white people objected to his presence there in such a capacity. From my acquaintance with William McAdoo, who owns the building, I am somewhat unwilling to believe that he is voluntarily in favor of such a procedure. But as the problem is one of business and not sentiment with him, doubtless he was obliged to assume this attitude, unfortunately, towards W.	 J. Mears because of outside pressure. I have been living in Greensboro over 30 years. During this period, I have had the chance to note the change in spirit of friendliness and harmony on the part of some of the white people to one of indifference, and even outright antipathy to the Negro citizen who has made good. From a town that once enjoyed the enviable reputation of being the best in the state, so far as the mutual friendship of the two races is concerned, it has gradually changed to one of uncertainty and suspicion in the above respect. Of course, I admit there are some good and sympathetic white friends still here, but apparently they are now regretfully in the minority. I may be mistaken, but in trying to account for this unfortunate situation, I am inclined to think that it is largely due to the gradual incoming of a certain type of white man from elsewhere, who has taken up his residence here within recent years and to whom the sight of an intelligent, self-respecting, aspiring and well-to-do Negro man is more obnoxious than one of the opposite kind. * * # The Chicago, 111., Tribune publishes a letter from Reginald W. Harang: In a recent issue Dwight Cooper proposes segregation as the only solution of the "Negro problem." He proposes that our legisla THE LOOKING GLASS 197 tors—regardless of the colored vote and "through the recognition of some degree of racial inequality"—establish a rule or law of segregation to protect the homes of our citizens. Letters such as his go far toward creating trouble between the two races and are an in centive to bombings, such as have recently taken place against the homes of our peo ple in the Third Ward. If the Negro is marring the appearance of our "city beautiful," then why sweep the dirt to the back door and leave it there? Why not suggest that laws be enacted to en force cleanliness and to make all people— no matter what race—keep their homes and themselves in such condition as to reflect credit on the state and city? Mr. Cooper proposes segregation. I won der if he was in France? There were none "over there" who cried "segregate the Negro." In the battle-line there was no place too pretty and too "beautiful" to shove the brave black boys into when hell raged all around and men, real red-blooded Americans, gave their lives, their all. Such men as Mr. Cooper should go back to Georgia, if they wish segregation such as he proposes. Down there, even though it de fies all the laws and the Constitution of the United States, such things are permit ted, but, thank God, the people of the North are better educated to the needs of human ity and are much broader than those of the South. * * * The question of segregation is most throughout the country, for J, L. Whieldin comments in the Hartford, Conn., Times: The legislative curtain of 1919 has been rung down. Voluminous legislation has been handled and will go down in Connecticut history as one that has had to deal with more petitions of a complicated nature than any of its predecessors. Of course, war measures helped to increase the volume of its business. Some wise and helpful legislation has been enacted that will be a credit to the state of Connecticut. On the other hand, there has been some that has met and merits public disapproval. There was one petition in particular that actuates me to call public attention to, and that was the Civil Rights Bill presented by Senator Leonard, of New Haven, aiming at those who discriminate against a class of citizens because of their color in public places. This bill was drawn by Attorney George W. Crawford, of New Haven, fostered by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with signatures from all over the State of Connecticut, reaching into the thousands. A t that hearing before the judiciary committee strong and forceful reasons were offered, not a word of protest was submitted and those in charge felt reasonably sure that the bill would be favorably reported without a dissenting vote from that committee. Contrary to expectations, the bill died in the committee's hands! In the first place, it is all wrong that special legislation be enacted for the protection of the rights of any distinct element of American citizens, but we find it necessary to ask for relief from the present conditions which subject every black person to the most humiliating position imaginable. This bill was a fac-simile one to the bills that passed New York, Massachusetts, New Jersey and Ohio legislatures. We had confidence in the legislative agents of this commonwealth that their views and inclinations measured up to the standard of any state in the union with regard to adequacy of her laws as they affect her entire citizenship. . . . . . If the legislature had been in control of the other party, we would have expected the passage of this bill fully as much as we ex pected this legislature (very largely Republican) . We have appealed to the proper tribunal. They in reply give every person engaging in public business the inherent right to refuse, insult and assault. No re dress to those who suffer from such injuries. A blot on the fair name of the State of Connecticut. A reflection on the traditions for which she has stood. A repudiation of the principles of the many abolitionists from this state that fought for right and justice and a full measure of justice meted out to every American. The right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is the funda mental guarantee; being denied liberty and happiness we must now try and look for ward to be spared the other. * * * Finally, from the Oklahoma City, Oklahoman, note this version of "your money or your life!" Hope for a $50,000 Negro hospital was given a setback yesterday when the city commissioners voted to take no action so long as Negro citizens of Oklahoma City attack the segregation ordinance. The Negroes' petition will remain in committee of the whole indefinitely if the suit is not withdrawn. The petition asking for the hospital with a Negro staff, as well as better sanitation; more water, sewerage and lighting; a Negro health inspector and the improvement of Riverside Park, was filed with the city almost simultaneously with the beginning of a suit in federal court on the segregation ordinance. "So long as they attack our city laws and ordinances, we are not very much for them," said Mayor Walton. "If they will all move into a segregated district, I would be willing for them to have everything the whites have," said Mark Kesler, Commissioner of Public Safety. LYNCHING AND SOUTHERN WOMEN LYNCHIN G as first aid to the protection of Southern womanhood is heavily scored by Herbert J. Seligman in the Na tion. This writer says of the methods employed : They have included in the past two months an orgy of men and women about a dying human being whose legs slowly burned as a rope strangled him and fifty bullets entered his body; they have included the murder cf innocent men without trial; they have included the invasion of a hospital by a mob, resulting in the death of a patient just operated upon; they have included the forcible removal from a railway car and the murder of an innocent man whose leg had just been amputated in the hospital from which he was being transported. For the benefit of those unfamiliar with the increasingly popular sport of "protecting Southern womanhood" it should be noted that the objects of this sport are usually United States citizens of dark skin— Negroes. The Nation itself has a grave editorial cn Mr. Seligman's article and its occasion. The conclusion reads: What to do? Shall the press remain silent? Shall we gloss over the lynchings, and pretend, in happy-go-lucky American way, that all's well in the South? Shall we merely dwell upon the fact that at bottom it is all an economic problem? That it is far from being one-sided? That the South is deeply exasperated by the inefficiency of Negro labor, more than ever noticeable just now because of the war developments? For our part, though we recognize that fundamentally it is an economic problem, though we recognize how difficult is the lot of the whites, how plain it is that the right is not a11 on one side, it seems to us the duty of patriotism to put the fact on record that the South lives over a volcano; that the proper solution of the problem calls for all the statesmanship of the country. Is it not perfectly plain that if these colored citizens of ours are to be K u Kluxed, if all their political rights are always to be withheld from them if their economic status is unrelieved, if the country's deliberate neglect of their education is to continue—in short, if their bitter unhappiness is still to be allowed to grew, they may, especially because of the emotionalism of their natures become the easiest victims of those who would reform America by force? Extremists, anarchists, preachers of sabotage and violence of every type will find many recruits if the Negroes' just grievances are not immediately put in process of removal. Against -ny possibility of this, there ought to be immediate action—not later, when the mischief is cn. THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS THROUGH the medium of Mr. William Monroe Trotter every member of the Peace Conference, at Paris, has received a copy of a petition from the Negro citizens of America. This petition asks the League of Nations to assure all citizens "full liberty in the rights of democracy and protection of life without distinction based on race, color or previous conditions." The Pittsburgh, Pa., Chronicle Telegraph says: It may be said by unfriendly critics that for the League of Nations to take cognizance of a purely domestic and national matter of this kind would be to depart far from its original purpose, which was limited to the prevention of war among the nations. But, as has now been shown by the publication of the full text of the covenant, the League's proponents are endeavoring greatly to broaden its jurisdiction, the section relating to labor conditions being an illustration in point. The object of our Negro citizens' petition is, of course, to direct attention to the anomaly of a League of Nations that, while professing to make the world safe for democracy and insisting on the right of self-determination of peoples, deliberately ignores the forced disfranchisement of the colored men of our Southern States. t. % £ The New York Sun observes: It is as plain as the nose on Uncle Sam's face that if the League of Nations can take up the Irish question in the British Isles it can take up the Negro question in America. It is as plain as daylight that if the representatives of one race can bring its troubles to the League of Nations, the representatives of another race can bring its troubles to the same tribunal. And it is as plain as a pikestaff that if the League of Nations interferes in the internal affairs of one nation, nothing on earth will stop it from interfering in the internal affairs of another nation. Now if the Irish question is loaded with dynamite, the Negro question is loaded with TNT . Outside of Ireland nobody questions the legality of the Kingdom's rule in that island, and inside of Ireland a good many persons do not question its legality, how-every much they object to it as a political fact. But inside the United States and outside the United States everybody knows that the political condition imposed on the Negro in the South is brutally, openly and completely illegal. That condition is imposed, on the Negro in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States, and this violation of the Constitution is tolerated with the full knowledge and consent of a large majority of the white population of this country, North or South. . . . In the far flung British Empire there are millions and millions of black men many of them educated and able students of public affairs. It is not inconceivable that among them are leaders who in the event of the formation of the League of Nations would utilize it of their own motion to stir up trouble for the United States over the Negro question. Men of the Month. THE HONORABLE ARCHIBALD HENRY GRIMKE, Fifth Spingarn Medalist 199 200 THE CRISIS A SPECIAL COUNSELLOR ROBERT BARCLAY BARCUS was re cently appointed Special Counsellor in the office of the Attorney General of the State of Ohio. Mr. Barcus was born in Albemarle County, Charlottesville, Va., March 6, 1878. He received his education at the Jefferson Graded School, Charlottesville; Virginia Normal and Collegiate Institute, where he was graduated from the College Department with the degree of A . B.; and Howard University, where he created a stir in educational circles through his masterly address delivered on commencement day, which attracted the attention of the Washington Post. He was admitted to the Bar in Ohio in September, 1905; in 1913 he was admitted to work in the U . S. District Court, Southern District. Mr. Barcus was president and chairman of the Spring Street Y . M . C. A . from 1911 to 1916 and one of the organizers of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. The Knights of Pythias elected him Grand Attorney for the Grand Lodge of the State for four consecutive terms; he is now Vice-Grand Chancellor of the Grand Lodge of Ohio. A NEGRO VETERAN ON June 27, 1919, William H. Gilbert, known as "Pop Gilbert," completed thirty years' service for the U. S. Government. Mr. Gilbert enlisted as a private in the Tenth U . S. Cavalry and served for five years; in 1889 he enrolled as a private in Company G of the Twenty-fourth U . S. Infantry, where he became corporal and sergeant; and later he served in Company K of the Twenty-fifth U . S. Infantry. In 1898 he enlisted in the Navy, where he has acted as second-class fireman, engine driver and chief water tender. Mr. Gilbert was born in 1879, at Spotsylvania County, Va. THE NEGRO IN MEDICINE MR. U. CONRAD VINCENT, son of Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Vincent, was born January 5, 1892, at Shaw University, Raleigh, N. C, and received his preliminary education in the public schools of the city; later he entered Shaw University and was graduated from the College Department in 1913. In September, 1914, he matriculated at the Medical School of the University of Pennsylvania, from which he was graduated with honors in June, 1918. Dr. Vincent was appointed an Interne at Bellevue Hospital, New York City, shortly after his graduation and he enjoys the distinction of being the first Negro physician to be so honored by a white hospital of the United States. In September, 1918, he passed the examinations for license to practise medicine in the State of New York; in October he was appointed Lecturer in Anatomy in the Mills Training School for Nurses at Bellevue Hospital, where he is also Senior Interne Surgeon in the Division of Urological Surgery and resident physician. DR. CHARLES R. HUMBERT recently completed arrangements to work at the Rockefeller Institute, New York City, which marks another step upward in the history of his race. Dr. Humbert was born in Darlington, S. C. He graduated from high school in 1907 and in that year entered Howard University, from which he was graduated in 1911 and in 1915 received his medical degree. In 1916 Dr. Humbert was appointed Assistant in the Laboratory of the Kansas City, Mo., General Hospital, where he was later made pathologist of the Negro Section. He was also Syphilographer to the Social Disease Hospital for Colored Women and Pathologist for the Health Department of Kansas City. POTENCY GEORGIA D. JOHNSON THE hour is big with sooth and sign, with errant men at war, While blood of alien, friend and foe imbues the lands afar; And we with sable faces pent move with the vanguard line, Shod with a Faith that Springtime keeps and all the stars inshrine. R. B. BARCUS W. H. GILBERT DR. U. C. VINCENT DR. C. R. HUMBERT The Horizon VINCENT SAUNDERS MUSIC AND ART MUSICAL AMERICA, issue of June 21, says of the convention of the Ohio Music Teachers' Association: "A n event that lent particular distinction to the convention was the giving to Negro singers of an ontire evening and furnishing them the soloist Henry T. Burleigh, the composer of New York, in order to show just what the race has done for music. The program contained beautiful Negro spirituals, sung by the Akron Jubilee Singers' Chorus, directed by James R. Jackson with Mrs. Claudia Coleman, accompanist, and also spirituals sung by Mr. Burleigh." C The June issue of the Musical Observer publishes an interview on "Henry F. Gilbert, a Nationalist in Music," written by Maud Cuney Hare. (I Henry F. Gilbert's Overture on Negro themes was one of the orchestral pieces given on a program of All-American Music selected by the Trustees of the American Academy at Rome, Italy, and given at the Augusteun Hall, at Rome. This overture when presented recently in Paris, France, called forth the pointed note on the French program, which states that many Americans deny that the Negro themes can be made the foundation of an American School of Music, such as the Russian folk-themes have heen the foundation of the national school in that country. (I On June 10, at the Columbus Avenue A . M. E. Zion Church, Boston, Mass., a benefit concert was given for the Dr. Leroy Bundy Re-trial Fund. The volunteer talent con sisted of William Richardson, baritone; Mrs. Ella France Jones, soprano; William Lawrence and Maud Cuney Hare, pianists; R. Percival Parham, organist. A n interesting feature was the playlet "Service," written and directed by Mrs. Eleanor Wallace and Mrs. J. Wardo Brown, and students of the Emerson School of Oratory. The playlet, distinctly racial, showed technical excellence and sincerity of performance. C The American Syncopated Orchestra, an organization of Negro players and singers, conducted by Will Marion Cook, is meeting with success in concert performances. (I Mrs. Fannie R. Givens, of Louisville, Ky., is formulating plans to erect a $100,000 Ar t Institute for the development of Negro artists. Howard University is said to have granted a site on its campus for this pur pose. (I The Musergia Club of Louisville, Ky., gave a concert on June 12 at Quinn Chapel, under the direction of G. M . McClellan. The soloists were Florence Cole Talbert, so prano, of Detroit, and Marian Anderson, contralto, of Philadelphia. Mrs. Mildred Bryant Jones, of Chicago, formerly Supervisor of Music in the colored schools of Louisville, was the accompanist. C The first concert of "The Burleigh Club" of New Bedford, Mass., was given on June 25, under the direction of Mrs. Addie R. Covel, who is also president of the New Bedford Musical Association. CI The Amphion Glee Club, J. Henry Lewis, Director, has given a "Summer Concert" at the Florida Avenue Baptist Church, Washington, D. C. Grace Campbell, soprano, of Chicago, was the soloist. (IMaud Powell, the distinguished American violinist, cut short a California jour ney in order to play for the colored Music School Settlement in. New York City, at a concert at the Metropolitan Baptist Church. 0S. Coleridge-Taylor's cantata "Hiawatha" was rendered at the First Congregational Church, Washington, D. C, May 21, by the Howard University Choral Society, under the direction of Miss Lulu V. Childers. The soloists were Florence Cole- Talbert, soprano; Roland W. Hayes, tenor; William Simmons, of New York City, basso. G. Colored musicians and music lovers in Seattle, have organized the Washington State Musical Association. Mrs. N. J. Asberry, of Tacoma, is president. (I The Cornhill Company, Boston, Mass., has added the work of another Negro au thor to its publications, "The Band of Gideon" by the late Joseph S. Cotter, Jr., with an introduction by Cale Y . Rice. EDUCATION WE report the following additional graduates for 1919 from leading white colleges: MASTERS OP ART: University of Pennsylvania, Jessie R. Fauset, Sadie T. Mossell; University of Chicago, Loraine G. Green; Beloit College, W. L. Turner, who has been given an appointment by the Board of Foreign Missions of the M. E. Church;BACHELORS OF ART : Dickinson College (Pennsylvania), William Jefferson, Esther A. B. Popel—awarded scholastic honor and elected a member of the Phi Beta Kappa; Smith College (Massachusetts), Pearl A . Grigsby; University of Illinois, Gladys R. Scott; Oberlin College, Araminta W. Anthony, Brownie C. Pierce, Virginia P. Powell; Indiana University, James Briggs, Robert E . Skelton; Brown University, Vashti C. Maxwell—she wrote one of the senior class songs and was a regular contributor to the Sepiad, the college magazine; Denver University, Valaurez B. Spratlin—was elected by faculty to the honorary Greek letter fraternity, for high scholarship throughout four years, and a member of the Alpha Zeta Pi; Dubuque College, Sol Butler and Benjamin Butler; University of California, Belinda Davison and Stuart T. Davison. C From .Columbia University, New York City, Edna M . Logwood is graduated from the artists' course in music, with honors; from the Institute of Musical Art, New York City, comes Cecelia Hubert, from the supervisor's course. G Roy Wilkins, a colored graduate of Mechanic Arts High School, St. Paul, Minn., has been president of the Literary Society, tenor on the school quartette, editor of the camp daily paper, and editor-in-chief of the school magazine. C Thirty-seven colored public schools have been established in Louisiana since 1917, at an expenditure of $66,517. G Dallas, Tex., has appropriated $160,151 to increase teachers' salaries, of which the Negroes, who form a fifth of the population, receive $8,800, distributed among eighty-eight teachers, at the rate of $100 increase each per annum. C The General Education Board has set aside $3,350 for training schools for Negroes in Kentucky for the fiscal year beginning July 1. C Rev. Beverly M. Ward, pastor of the Capital Street Presbyterian Church, and a member of the executive committee of the Harrisburg, Pa., Branch of the N . A . A . C. P., has had the degree of Doctor of Divinity conferred on him by Lincoln University. G Marian Brown, of Harrisburg, Pa., graduates from Shippensburg State Normal School, the winner of the oratorical prize. She was the only colored girl in a class of ninety-six. Immediately upon her gradua tion she was elected a teacher in the Harrisburg Public Schools. C Virginia Theological Seminary reports five college graduates, with Edward P. Hurt graduating Cum Laude, and twenty-five other graduates. A n administration building, to cost $50,000, and a hospital, to cost $20,000, are to be erected during the current year at this institution. A Department of Negro History and Research will be inaugurated at the fall session. G The General Education Board announces appropriations of $310,000 for Negro schools—$205,000 for permanent improvements and $105,000 for current expenses. G Howard University has made the following changes in its faculty: Dr. Emmett J. Scott, Secretary-Treasurer; George Wm. Cook, former Secretary, to be Dean of the School of Commerce and Finance; Dr. E . L. Parks, former Treasurer, to be Dean of Men; Professor Kelly Miller, former Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, to be Dean of the Junior College and Professor of Sociology; Dr. A. L. Jackson, Head of the new Social Service Department; Dr. C. G. Woodson, Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Professor of History; Dwight O. W. Holmes, Registrar and Professor in the School of Education; C. S. Syphax, former Dean of the Academy, to be Professor of Mathematics; Miss Helen Hale Tuck, Acting Dean of Women and Instructor in Physical Education for Women; C. E. Lucas, Chief Accountant and Assistant Treasurer; Edward Bowie, Chief Clerk to the Registrar. The Academy has been abolished, and all the secondary work of the old Commercial College has been discontinued; a new department, the School of Commerce and Finance, with all college work, has been established. G Catherine E. Sullivan graduates from the Commercial Department of Temple University with the award of a medal for being the first student to pass a final examination of 100 per cent in stenography. G It has been found that examination papers, the basis of the test of 100 applicants from the University of Nebraska, for dental 204 THE licenses, were stolen from the State House and sold to the applicants. Ninety-eight students were found guilty; of the two found not guilty was the only Negro in the class, John A . Singleton. The Dental Board permitted Singleton and Fleming to take the examination, which they passed with high averages, and they were complimented by the Attorney General and examiners. Al l other students were proscribed. (L Emily E. Gross, Bachelor of Arts, State University of Iowa, '19, has been awarded a medal from the Pilgrim Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution for having won the highest grade in American History over any other senior woman at this university. C. The Baseball Team of Atlanta University won every game it played during the session just ended. C Mr. Marion Austin Allen was graduated at the recent commencement from the Department of Dentistry of Harvard University. THE WAR THE Bureau of War Risk Insurance at Washington, D. C, has added a Negro to its staff, Lieutenant Jay Williams Clifford, formerly of the 367th "Buffalo" Infantry, to look after the interests of the 400,000 Negro soldiers and sailors, who carry approximately $2,500,000,000 insur ance. The Bureau is to be maintained as a permanent institution and it is hoped that every discharged soldier and sailor will keep his insurance in force. C Private Hiram J. McKinney, a Negro soldier of Company H , 370th Infantry, has returned to Houston, Tex., the owner of the Croix de Guerre with palm, which was presented to him by General Petain. He was a liaison runner for his regiment and won the decoration October 12, when he carried a message for reinforcements from his regiment to headquarters and returned with the information that reinforcements were forthcoming. As a result of the message, St. Pierremont was captured the next day. d It is reported that three Americans were slain and thirty injured at Winchester Camp, London, in a fight with South African Negro soldiers. C Clarence R. Van Allen, a Negro Corporal CRISIS of Company L , 372d Infantry, who put out of action a German machine gun, killing four of its crew and capturing three others, and later captured a trench mortar, was decorated, July 2, by General Edwards with the Medaille Militaire, the highest honor for heroism that France confers on an enlisted man. He was formerly a waiter at a restaurant in Boston, Mass. C There are seven colored students in the University of Paris and 125 in the American Expeditionary Force University, at Beaune; there are colored students also at the Universities of Bordeaux, Toulouse, London and Edinburgh, Oxford University and most of the Post and Divisional schools. (I Benjamin F. Hubert is a colored mem ber of the Arm y Educational Commission, with headquarters at the American Expeditionary Force University, Beaune, France. He has general supervision of agricultural instruction to colored troops in France. C Of 26,672 white soldiers from Kentucky examined 10.40 per cent were found infected with intestinal worms; among 8,653 Negro soldiers examined—6,948 from Kentucky, 865 from Alabama and 840 from Tennessee—1.1 per cent were infected with intestinal worms, These men were between the ages of 18 and 42, and soldiers on active service, presumably in good health. G Four hundred Negro soldiers at New Orleans, La., have organized a Post of the American Legion. Walter S. Chinn, former Lieutenant in the Infantry, was elected president. INDUSTRY TRUXTON, VA., one of the twenty-four projects of the United States Housing Corporation, has been opened exclusively for Negroes. It was built primarily as a war measure to aid the Hampton Roads Naval Base. The 224 buildings in the town will not be sold immediately by the government, but will be rented from $16 to $18 monthly. Truxton covers ninety acres and contains six store buildings. It has a Negro Advisory Commission under T. C. Irvin, Supervisor of Negro Economics for Virginia. (I Negro migrants to Chicago, 111., are moving toward the automobile manufacturing centers of Michigan and to industrial and agricultural regions of the West—Missouri Kansas and Colorado. A few have gone to the Pacific Coast. The Chicago Urban League reports that these Negroes are migrating at the rate of more than a thousand a week. G The Interstate Association of Negro Trainmen of America, looking to the perfecting of a union of all unorganized colored employees of the railway lines of America, for their full protection in working conditions and wages, has been incorporated in the District of Columbia, following the completion of preliminary plans inaugurated a year ago. Attorney E. T. Harbour, of El Reno, Okla., is General Counsellor and organizer. C Sherman Lynch, a Negro boy of Edwards, Miss., joined the Farm Makers' Club in the fall of 1916. A s a result of his work last year he was able to deposit $100 in the bank and with the money as an initial payment he has bought thirty acres of land from his father, bargaining for the tract at $400. MEETINGS MOR E than 1,000 colored persons in Charleston, S. C , have held a celebration of the 300th anniversary of the landing of Negroes in America. The celebration set forth Negro American progress and achievement in pageant, pictures, music and speech. It was held under the auspices of the United Colored Churches. C The Maryland Co-operative Baptist Congress has held its nineteenth annual session, and elected Rev. P. Carter Neal, president. O The Grand Lodge of Negro Knights of Pythias and the Grand Court of Calanthe of Texas, met in Pythian Temple in Dallas, June 10, with 600 delegates in attendance, representing a membership of 16,000. Grand Chancellor W. S. Willis presided. C The fourth annual field-day for the col ored pupils of the public schools of Baltimore, Md., has taken place on the football field at Druid Hill Park. Thirteen schools, representing 1,200 participants, took part. Eleven schools were represented by fifty girls each in folk-dancing. G The Lincoln League of America, having as its direct object the securing of the bal lot to the Negro, has been organized as the outgrowth of the National Negro Conference, held in New Orleans, La., June 16-17. A general convention of the league will be held in Chicago, beginning September 16. GThe West Virginia Negro Bar Association met June 7, at Huntington. It has forty-five members. J. M. Ellis, of Fayette County, is president. G The ninety-ninth annual session of the New York Conference of the A. M. E. Church, with a membership of seventy-six colored ministers, has closed a four-day convention, at the Metropolitan Church, New York. C The second biennial .meeting of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History was held in Washington, D. C , June 16-17. Among the speakers were C. H. Tobias, on "Negro Welfare in the War"; Professor W. T. B. Williams, On "The Loyalty of the Negro"; Monroe N. Work, on "The Negro and Public Opinion"; A . H . Grimke, on "The Negro and Social Justice"; Emmett J. Scott, on "Did the Negro Soldier Get a Square Deal"; Ralph W. Tyler, on "The Negro as a Fighter in France." C The Temporary Organization of the Initial Conference of Negro Musicians and Artists, which convened in Washington, D. C, during May, will hold a meeting in Chicago, 111., July 29-31. Mrs. Maudelle Bousefield, 4230 Champlain Avenue, Chicago, is secretary of the local organization. GThe National Conference of Social Workers, which met in Atlantic City, N. J., included among its features "The Negro in Industry." There were 5,000 delegates present, forty of whom were colored social workers. C The twenty-first annual session of the National Medical Association will convene in Newark, N . J., August 26-29. G A united service of ten congregations of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the Diocese of Philadelphia has been held at St. Mary's Church, with 500 Negroes in attendance. C There were 515 Negroes in attendance at the training school for Community Workers in After the War Problems, held at Gammon Theological Seminary, February 20 to April 19, under the National War Work Council. They were ministers, teachers, physicians, farmers and business men from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North and South Carolina and Tennessee. THE CHURCH MR. T. E. DAVIS, recently an army chaplain and formerly a member of the Tenth United States Cavalry, has been 206 THE selected by the Board of Missions of the Zion A . M . E . Church to go to Liberia for missionary work. G Rev. Dr. Elbert W. Moore, pastor of the Second Baptist Church, Columbus, Ohio, has resigned, following his appointment as Director of Work Among Negroes in the United States for the American Baptist Home Missionary Society. His headquart ers will be in Pittsburgh. G The American Bible Society reports a circulation of 10,166 Bibles, 14,074 Testaments and 17,529 portions among 27,022 colored families in the Southern States dur ing the past year. The Rev. J. P. Wragg, of Atlanta, Ga., is in charge of this work. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE Condon Bill, especially enacted to give Negroes full privileges in the atres, hotels, restaurants and public places, passed the Legislature and has been signed by the Governor at Michigan. C Leon C. Wheeler, the colored Athletic Director for Detroit, Mich., has received an appointment by the Civil Service Commission as Recreation Director. There were 182 white persons who took the examination, ninety-two of whom passed. Mr. Wheeler was the second highest applicant, averaging 91 2/5 percent. He is twenty-one years of age and a 1919 graduate from the University of Detroit. C The buildings of the Protestant Episcopal Divinity School, Philadelphia, Pa., which were purchased by Mercy Hospital Training School for Nurses have been dedicated to hospital purposes. The ground covers six and one-half acres on Woodland Avenue, between Fiftieth and Fifty-first Streets. The institution includes a one hundred bed hospital, wing for tubercular patients and a home for nurses. It is owned and controlled by colored people. C The Governor of West Virginia has appointed two Negroes as members of the Advisory Council to the State Board of Education: Frank Jackson, of Fairmount, and J. W. Robinson, of North Fork. C On July 1, the Manhattan Branch of the Y. W. C. A. opened its new dormitory, a remodeled five-story apartment house, at 200 West 137th Street,- New York City. The hotel is near the new Y. W. C. A. Administration Building, which has cafeteria, gymnasium, swimming-pool and club rooms. There is accommodation for ninety-five women. The rates are $2.50 to $5,00 per week. CRISIS C The five buildings and plant of Union Protestant Infirmary, on Division Street, Baltimore, Md., have been contracted for by Negro citizens for a new hospital—Victory Hospital—to take the place of Provident Hospital. The sum of $75,000 is needed— $50,000 for the purchase of the property and $25,000 as a working capital and reserve for emergencies. A conservative appraisal of the buildings and plant indicates that they are worth $160,000. The new institution will have 125 beds, modern wards, private and semi-private rooms. It will be managed by a board of nine trustees, five of whom are white and four Negroes from the Provident Hospital Trustee Board. G The State Tuberculosis Sanatorium Commission, Baltimore, Md., has secured fifty acres, adjacent to Endowood Hospital, for a hospital for Negro tuberculosis patients-. C On June 15, at Detroit, Mich., a four-teen-room settlement house for Negroes was opened under the supervision of the Detroit Urban League. C Among the outstanding stars named to represent America in the interallied games at Paris, in June, are Sol Butler, the Negro sprinter and broad jumper from Dubuque College. The team consists of fifty members. G Of the total number of births reported for 1917 by the Census Bureau, 1,280,288, or 24.5 per 1,000, were of white infants and 73,504, or 25.8 per 1,000, were of colored infants. C Of the burning of the Virginia, at Smith's Point, Mrs. Mary Bowling, of Norfolk, says of the Negro cook, Frank Shield: "That Negro came down through the flames to where I lay on the lower deck and picked me up and carried me back to the upper deck. The flames were getting close to us when he jumped overboard and hung on to a raft for awhile, I can't say how long after when he and another Negro, Ben Collins, put me aboard one of the lifeboats." C The Board of Public Safety at Indianapolis, Ind., has promoted two Negro police men to the rank of Detective Sergeant— George Sneed and Edward Fraub—and Joshua Spears to Humane Sergeant. C In Newark, N . J., there is a statue of Abraham Lincoln and there is a little Negro bootblack who daily visits this shrine to keep the dust from Lincoln's shoes. C A t Harrisburg, Pa., The Geary Equal Rights Bill, according to Negroes equal rights in hotels, restaurants and theatres, was defeated in the House by a 89 to 45 vote. (I The District Attorney of New York County has ordered Marcus Garvey, head of the "Universal Negro Improvement Association" and of the "African Communities League" to cease collecting funds for the "Black Star Line," advertised as "a fleet of steamships to trade in the interest of the colored race." Garvey is said to have collected over $3,000 and spent it mostly in "expenses." PERSONAL ONE-TENT H of the million dollar estate of the late Madame C. J. Walker, the Negro hair culturist, is bequeathed to charity. Among institutional bequests are Tuskegee Institute, $2,000; Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute, Manassas Industrial School, Old Folks' Home at Indianapolis, Old Folks' Home at St. Louis, and Haynes Institute, $5,000 each; Charlotte Hawkins-Brown Institute, $1,000; Sojourner Truth House, New York City, $500; Wilberforce University, $500; Music School Settlement, New York City, $600; Y. W. C. A., Louisville, Ky., $500; and the Old Folks' Home at Pittsburgh, $500. The bulk of the estate is bequeathed to her daughter, Lelia Walker Robinson, who succeeds the late Madame Walker as president of the firm. Since the death of her mother, Mrs. Robinson has been married to Dr. Wiley M . Wilson, a graduate of Howard University Medical School. C Marjorie Groves Robinson, who died re cently in Asbury Park, N . J., was a musician of rare ability. She was born in Boston, Mass., and educated in the local public schools. She was a graduate of the New England Conservatory of Music and had been in charge of the music departments of Livingstone College in Salisbury, N . C , and of the State College in Orangeburg, S. C. She had served as organist in Charles Street Church, Boston, the Fifteenth Street Presbyterian Church, Washington, D. C, and the Episcopal Church, in Asbury Park, N. J. C The claim of Enoch J. Davis, a Negro teamster, to a homestead title on seventeen acres in the business section of Natchez, Miss., has been allowed and notification of the allowance has been sent from the United States Land Office, at Jackson. The total value of this property runs into the millions. GHETTO THE Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company has been ordered by Director General Hines, of the Railroad Administration, to provide an entire coach on each through passenger train, running between Louisville and Nashville, for the accommodation of colored passengers. Heretofore the Louisville and Nashville has provided only a half coach for Negroes. C Separate posts for whites and Negroes in the American Legion of Tennessee has been decided. Colonel Roane Warring, of Memphis, presided as chairman. Both the white and Negro posts will have equal representation in the state meeting, the basis being one delegate and one alternate for each post, with one delegate and one alternate for every fifty members. (I Because the recent convention of the Virginia Federation of Labor seated a Negro, W. C. Page, as a member of its executive committee, 2,000 union men of Richmond, Va., have withdrawn from the state body. CRIME THE Southern Sociological Congress in session at Knoxville, Tenn., passed the following resolution: "We strongly condemn lynchings and mob rule, which are both un-American and subversive of law and order. "We urge the immediate exercise of all possible state and federal power to put a speedy end to these outrages throughout the country." d The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Canea, Sonora, May 22, A. Alcavar (Mexican) ; hanged as bandit. Milan, S. C , May 24, Wash Horn; hanged for murder. Lamar, Mo., May 28, Jay Lynch (white) ; hanged for murder. Abbeville, S. C, June 7, Max Smith; shot for wounding sheriff. Star City, Ark., June 13, Clyde Ellison; hanged for attacking girl. Ellisville, Miss., June 26, John Hartfield; burned for assaulting a woman. Page 208 contains reprints from the New Orleans States and the Jackson (Miss.) Daily News, June 26, 1919, showing preparations for the lynching of John Hartfield at Ellisville, Miss. (Reprinted from the NEW ORLEANS STATES) 3,000 WILL BURN NEGRO Kaiser Under Stronger Guard Following Escape Of Crown Prince Frank Simonds Writes For States NEW ORLEANS STATES VOL 39 NO 177 NEW ORLEANS, LA THURSDAY. JUNE 26, »S19 fUttBWSS^mS (Reprinted from the JACKSON DAILY NEWS) JOHN HARTFIELD WILL BE LYNCHED BY ELLISVILLE MOB AT 5 O'CLOCK THIS AFTERNOON Governor Bilbo Says He Is Powerless to Prevent It— Thousands of People Ai*e Flocking Into Ellisville to Attend the Evenr—Sheriff and Authorities Are Power less to Prevent If. HATTIESBURG, June 26.—John Hartfield, the negro alleged to have assaulted an Ellisville, young woman, has been taken to Ellisville and is guarded by officers in the office of Dr. Carter in that city. He is wounded in the shoulder hut not seriously. The officers have agreed to turn him over to the people of the city at 4 o'clock this afternoon when it is expected he will be burned. The negro is said to have made a partial confession. GOV . BILBO SAYS He is Powerless. When Bilbo was shown the above dispatch and asked what action, if any, he intended to take to prevent the affair, he said: "I am powerless to prevent it . We have guns for state militia but no men. It is impossible to send troops to the scene for the obvious reason that we have no troops. Several days ago. Participating for the lynching has now been fixed for five p. m. A committee of Ellisville citizens has been appointed to make the necessary arrangements for the event, and the mob is pledged to act in conformity with these arrangements. Rev. L. G. Gates, pastor of the First Baptist church of Laurel, left here at one o'clock for Ellisville to entreat the mob to use discretion. Thousands Going THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 209 Medical College of Howard University Next Session Opens October 1, 1919 ADMISSION Candidates for admission must be graduates of approved Colleges or Scientific Schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German, or graduates of recognized high schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German. INSTRUCTION The course of instruction occupies four years, and especial emphasis is laid upon prac tical work in the laboratories, in the wards of the Freedman's Hospital and in the Dispensary, Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities, The Medical College is rated in Glass A by the Council on Medical Education of the American Medical Association and is a member of the Association of American Medical Colleges, Recognized by the Conjoint Board of England. THE DENTAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies four years. Unexcelled facilities for practical work. THE PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies three years and leads to the degree of Pharmaceutical Chemist. The annual announcement, application blanks and additional information concerning either course may be obtained by addressing WILLIAM C. McNEILL, Secretary of the School of Medicine HOWARD UNIVERSITY Fifth and W Streets, N. W. WASHINGTON, D. C. STATE OF NEW JERSEY Morgan College and Branches JOHN 0. SPENCER, Ph.D., President WILLIAM PICKENS, Litt.D., Vice-President MANUAL TRAINING AND MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION—In great college town between the North and South. POLICY—Co-educational. INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL COURSES—Four years, appropriate degrees. Preparation for professional study. Advanced FOR COLORED YOUTH education. Graduates certificated for elementary and high school teaching in the State. FACULTY —College and university trained BORDENTOWN, N. J. men and women. NEW SITE— Forty acres of most beautiful A high institution for the training of scenery, stream, hill and forest. colored youth. Excellent equipment, TERMS ——Very reasonable. INFORMATION—Address Morgan College, thorough instruction, wholesome sur Baltimore, Md . roundings. Academic training for all MORGAN ACADEMY, Baltimore, Md. students. . LOCATION—In the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus. Healthful surroundings. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and DORMITORIES—Equipped and supervised. trades for boys. Can care for 80 students. TERMS —Very moderate. Courses in domestic science and do PRINCIPAL—Lee M. McCoy, A.M. mestic art for girls. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, A new trades building, thoroughly Princess Anne, Md. equipped. (Eastern Branch of Maryland State College New girls' dormitory thoroughly and of Agriculture.) LOCATION—Somerset County, famous eastern modernly equipped. shore of Maryland. Summer Courses for students July 1— COURSES—Preparatory, normal, industrial, August 17, I9J9 domestic, music. DORMITORIES—Carefully supervised; fur Terms reasonable. nished. Fall term begins September 10, 1919 TERMS —Free tuition ; other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL— Thomas H. Kiah, A.M . For information address All Schools Open September 29, 1919 W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Dormitories Open Sept. 27, 1919 Mention TH E CRISIS. A COLLEGE that has its students devote one half their time to actual useful work is so in line with common sense that we are amazed that the idea had to be put in execution by an ex-slave as a life-saver for hi s disfranchised race. Ou r great discoveries are always accidents: we work for one thing and get another. I expect that the day will come, and ere long, when the great universities of the world will have to put the Tuskegee Idea into execution in order to save themselves from being distanced by the Colored Race. —ELBERT HUBBARD, In " A Little Journey to Tuskegee." Is There a Deserving Young Man or Young Woman in Your Community who needs a Chance? If so perhaps Tuskegee Institute offers the very opportunity which he wants. Tuskegee is not only a school. It is an Institu tion and an Influence. It helps the worthy student to help himself. Location unsurpassed for healthfulness. Forty trades and industries for young men and women. Excellent Literary and Normal Course. Smith-Hughes Vocational Courses for advanced Students. Home Economics, Agriculture Industries Tuskegee Institute is no place for sluggards. From rising bell to taps, there is a full program— drills, class rooms, shops, farm, etc. Maybe your boy needs just the sort of training which Tuskegee offers Write for Catalog and Information. ROBERT R. MOTON. Principal Tuskegee Institute, Alabama 1875 STATE 1919 AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGE FOR NEGROES NORMAL, ALABAMA A COMBINATION HARD TO BEAT A Thorough English Education Combined with a Trade WHAT TRADE WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE? Trades for Boys, 12 Trades for Girls, 7 Trades for both Sexes, 2 SUMMARY OF OUR GRADUATES—1875-1919 Department of Academics 1217 Department of Agriculture 118 Department of Household Economics 704 Department of Mechanic Arts 227 2266 WHAT THEY ARE DOINGPrincipals of district schools 163 Editors and Journalists 8 Teachers in rural schools 296 Bookkeepers '.'.*'.' 15 Principals in secondary or high schools.. 24 TJ. S. Farm Demonstrators.......... 2 Teachers in grammar or high schools 90 Undertakers and Embalmers.........'. '. 6 Doctors 4 1 Contractors and Builders 8 Lawyers J U. S. Bureau of Education 1 Dentists ° Farmers 340 Pharmacists J Housekeepers 498 Druggists 1 0 Dead and unaccounted for 398 Working at trades 302 " Bankers total U. S. Government Service 38 10t a ' .• 2266 Jeanes teachers 7 Directors of book establishments 2 Soldiers in the Great War 236 STATE AND UNITED STATES APPROPRIATIONS Property consists of 182 acres of land. 20 buildings for all purposes, live stock and general equipment valued at $202,000. Send for catalog today. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 211 "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro GirU, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, tine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal. Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. TALLADEGA COLLEGE TALLADEGA, ALABAMA Founded in 1867, for the training of Negro Leaders. Beautiful and healthful location. First class equipment. A Theological Seminary. College courses leading to the A. B. degree — Classics, Science, Education, Social Service, Music. Manual training for both sexes. Large attention given to debating and public speaking. Nurse Training. Agriculture. Graduates enter professional courses in the best Northern Universities. Alabama grants first grade teachers' certificates to graduates in Education. The product of the College noted for fine character and efficient service. Rev. FREDERICK A. SUMNER, President HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. C. Collegiate and Professional Schools JUNIOR COLLEGE leading to Schools of Lib eral Arts, Education, Journalism, or Commerce and Finance four year course, giving degree, A.B. or S.B.; A.B. or S.B. in Edu cation; S.B. in Journalism; S.B. in Com merce. SCHOOL OF APPLIED SCIENCE, four year course, giving degree, S.B, in C.E., S.B. in E.E., S.B. in M.E.. S.B. in Arch., S.B. in Agrl., or S.B. in H.E SCHOOL OF MUSIC, four year course, giv ing degree of Mus.B. SCHOOL OF RELIGION, three year course, giving degree of B.D. (Also diploma and correspondence courses.) SCHOOL OF LAW, three year evening course, giving degTee of LL.B. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year course for Medical and Dental stu dents: three years for Pharmaceutical. Following degrees given: M.D.. D.D.S., Phar.C. For Catalog and Information Write— REGISTRAR DWIGHT 0. W. HOLMES Howard University, Washington, D. C. Mention Learn the Auto and Tractor Business In from Eight to Twelve Weeks at the Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College PRAIRIE VIEW, TEXAS For full information, address W. P. TERRELL, SUPT. MECH. DEPT. Prairie View, Texas ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SI3TER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare.in the best school of its kind in the State, Subj ects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 136th St., New York City, Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fit? W. Mottley, President. .  TH E CRISIS, MERCY HOSPITAL and SCHOOL FOR NURSES "The Most Beautiful Spot in Philadelphia" On account of moving into its new and much larger quarters is able to admit at once into its Training School several young women who are qualified. For information address: Superintendent of Nurses 50th Street and Woodland Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System position Derrick Shorthand School Chads' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send for Enrollment Blank and full information Day and Evening Classes NOTE—We are already enrolling Summer Students and would advise all who desire to take Special Summer Course to send in application AT ONCE as places will be at a premium. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1827 S. 17th St., PHILADELPHIA, PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping 3-month and 8-month Courses JOB WORK — Le t us typewrite and multigraph your letters. Hue. or several thousand Is easy for us. We duplieate handwriting and drawings. Edward T. Duncan. President. ABC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY WOMEN, MEN, BOYS, GIRLS JOBS—GOOD JOBS ARE WAITING FOR YOU Phones: Open Drexel 98, 194, 1281 Evenings 4702 S. State St. Chicago, 111. Teachers, Professional Nurses, Stenographers and persons otherwise trained in business and the professions will find our agency an active, important medium in bringing you in touch with better positions and higher salaries. SYSTEM SERVICE AGENCY, Dept. "E," 71 W. 99th St., New York City WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York The Lincoln Hospital and Home TAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York City HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY II ATLANTA, GA. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 35 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts lor $5.00 Agents wanted. Send at once. The Isaac Hathaway Art Company 718 S. HICKORY STREET PINE BLUFF, ARK. Mention TH E CRISIS. Reconstruction War — and its aftermath—has opened the eyes of our people. They are now seeing and thinking straight. They now demand of individuals and enterprises seeking their patronage and support, performance rather than glittering promises. They also demand evidences of stability in such enterprises and experience on the part of those conducting them. The management of the Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., rejoices to see this day—They have labored, in season and out, for 26 years to help to bring about just such improvement in our business relationships. The Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., has always issued a superior contract—The only one guaranteeing payments for Sickness and Accidents each week of every year and an undiminished Death Claim after death. To-day it challenges the country to show a better record—than the following—for an institution confining its business to its Home State. 26 years of satisfying service to policy-holders. $30,000.00 Capital Stock, fully paid in. $50,000.00 Federal, State &amp; City Bonds. $50,000.00 1st Lien Mortgages—Loans to our people tc secure good homes in desirable locations. $100,000.00 Cash in Banks. $150,000.00 Real Estate—Free from all encumbrances. We invite the scrutiny of the reconstruction attitude of the insuring public. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies Throughout the State A. D. PRICE, Pres. B. L. JORDAN, Sec. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Sec. Mention TH E CRISIS. SCOTT'S OFFICIAL HISTORY "of the American Negro's Part in the World War" SCOTT'S HISTORY OF "THE AMERICAN NEGRO'S PART I N TH E WORL D WAR"—prepared by Emmett J. Scott, Special Assistant to the Secretary of War, and collaborating agencies that assure authenticity and full detail, including the organization and training of Negro military units, and a complete record of their service in Camps and on Battlefields; the work of civic auxiliaries, etc., etc. No scissors and paste pot "inserts," but a History freshly written from first to last page. Dr. Scott has had the co-operation of the following collaborators: CARTE R G. WOODSON, Director of Research, Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, Incorporated; RALP H W . TYLER , Accredited Representative of the Committee on Public Information, who accompanied the Colored troops to the War Fronts in France; WILLIAM ANTHONY AERY, Publication Secretary, Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute; MONRO E N . WORK , Director, Division- of Records and Research, Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute; MRS. ALICE DUNBAR NELSON (formerly Mrs. Paul Lawrence Dunbar), a leader in mobilizing the colored women of the Country for War Work under the auspices of the Women's Committee, Council of National Defense; MISS EV A D. BOWLES , Executive Secretary in charge of the Colored work of the Young Women's Christian AssoEmmett J. Scott, ciation ; A.M., L.L.D. LIEUT. T. T THOMPSON, Historian, who accompanied the famous 92d Division, U. S. A., to France. AGENT S WANTE D Make $8.00 to $20.00 per day—right now—selling Scott's Official History best book, biggest seller, quickest money-maker for live agents. Be first in your territory and get the orders. W e pay you highest commissions. TRE E Write today for free outfit, including agent's sample hook and full instructions, Send 25c to prepay postage. NEGRO HISTORICAL PUBLISHING COMPANY P. O. DRAWER 1821, WASHINGTON, D. C. Inform yourself as to KELLY MILLER'S THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES Race Statesmanship By reading Exhibited in Two Great Pamphlets Dr. Carter G. Woodson's 1. "The Negro in the New Reconstruction." Considered the most A CENTURY OF NEGRO powerful plea that has yet come from the author's pen. 10 cents. MIGRATION 2. "The Disgrace of Democracy." Pronounced in Europe and America 220 Pages Price $1.10 as one of the most striking literary documents produced by the World This book is unique in that it is the War. 10 cents. first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, Agents wanted everywhere. Rates where they have gone and what they to agents 5 cents a copy. Add 10% have done. to bill to cover postage. Agents wanted everywhere. Address Send all orders to the author KELLY MILLER 1216 You Street, N. W. Howard University Washington, D. C. Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LOT OFFER EVER MADE! IDEAL BUILDING LOTS, improved and developed, with FRUIT TREES PLANTED ON THEM, in Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ONLY $49 THE LOTS ARE GOING VERY FAST AND OUR LIST OF LOT-OWNERS ALREADY IN CLUDES A GREAT MANY PEOPLE FROM ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THE DEMAND IS STILL INCREASING AND THOSE WHO INTEND TO SECURE LOTS SHOULD ACT IMMEDIATELY. Orchardville is located in a high-grade fruit-growing region and is to be developed along entirely new lines into a BEAUTIFUL FRUIT CITY that will be the only one of its kind in the country. Unlike other lot offers, where the purchasers are left to develop their lots themselves, W E D O THAT FOR YOU AND PLANT FIVE HIGH GRADE FRUIT TREES ON EACH LOT, as well as A BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE, .and we take care of the property and trees for FOU R YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST. When the fruit trees are in commercial bearing they should earn you EXCELLENT YEARLY RETURNS on your investment WITHOUT ANY EFFORT ON YOUR PART. 50 ON VERY = EASY TERMS The lots are sized 30 x 144 Feet and have plenty of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, etc., besides the fruit trees that we will plant and take care of on each lot. EACH LOT IS GUARANTEED TO BE HIGH AND DRY UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, AND THE CONTRACT YOU GET GIVES YOU JUST THE PROTECTION YOU MIGHT WANT. The price of the lots, as stated above, is only $49.50 each, and the terms are only $3.00 a month, (Smaller terms when more than one lot is purchased.) NO INTEREST. Bear In mind that THE NUMBER Or LOTS IS LIMIT ED and that it la a case of FIRST COME—FIRST SERVED. We have a BEAUTIFUL CIRCULAR that gives you all the details of this offer, also a BEAUTIFUL BOOKLET containing several views and TESTIMONIAL LETTERS, all of which you will find very interesting. Send for a copy of each TODAY. Simply write your name and address on the coupon attached below, mail it to us NOW. and as soon as we receive it we will send you the circular and booklet hv return mail. MAIL THE COUPON RIGHT AWAY I ADDRESS THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SO. LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY THE SWAN-ARENSON REALT Y &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO, Chicago, HI. Date , 1919. Gentlemen: — I am interested in your Orchardville offer and would be glad to receive a copy of your circular and booklet without any obligation to me. Name Address Town State C. 8-19 Mention THE CRISIS. WHICH OF THESE SUITS DO YOU WANT? Here's the Biggest Tailoring Offer ever made. Stylish perfect-fitting suits SEND made to your individual measure, of the season's choicest silk decorated SEND NO weaves, silk-stripe fabrics, gold-mixed worsteds, and imported dress cloths, NO guaranteed to please you completely, or Money Back. Write for free MONEY MONEY samples to-day, and pick the one you like best, at: $ 12 85 21 95 25 90 95 15 48 DRESS UP AND MAKE BIG MONEY If you care to see the BIGGEST VALUES IN TAILORING, if you care to see the choicest up-to-date patterns, if you care to make a big saving1, write us to-day, and we will send you, entirely free, our fine tailoring book with cloth samples of imported and do mestic weaves in those rich, stylish patterns, now worn by dressy men and young men. Don't think of placing an order for new clothes anywhere before you see this book of surprising tailoring values. YOU SAVE from 30 to 50 PER CENT That's what your saving amounts to when you order clothes of us. And ours is genuine hand-tailoring ex pertly-done, beautiful work. Every garment tailored strictly to individual measure, and guaranteed to satisfy and please you completely, or full purchase price cheer fully returned. We Will Not Keep One Penny Of Your Money, Unless You Are WELL-PLEASED, thus leaving it to each customer to judge whether the clothes ordered of us are the best-wearing, the most satisfactory garments you ever wore. NO EXTRA CHARGES-POSTAGE PAID When you order of us you pay No Extra Charges of any kind. Whether you prefer a conservative, or a fancy novelty style, the price is always the same. No matter how tall or stout you are, there are No Extra Charges of any kind, and every order is sent postage paid. PLATED THIS BEAUTIFUL GOLD -PIN FREE To make certain you will tell others about us, we will give you absolutely FREE , with your first order, this handsome Gold-plated PIN . There is no advertising on this Pin. You will oe proud to wear it. Your friends will ask you what this beautiful emblem stands for—and this will remind you to recommend OUR STYLISH TAILORING to them. CASH PROFITS FOR SPARE-TIME WORK Together with our free samples, we will send you also full information of how you can earn a lot of extra money by sending orders for your relatives and friends. You will be surprised what a real money-making opportunity this means to you, even if you can spare only a few hours for this work. Orders come easy when you can show tailoring values like ours. The big saving can be seen at a glance. Some of our agents make from $25.00 to $50.00 a week, others as high as $75.00. Mr. Wil l J. Davis, of North Carolina writes: "Orders are easy to get, I made $16.69 in three hours." That's nice money for three hours' work, and we have thousands of similar letters, all telling the same pleasing, satisfying story. You will find the work easy and pleasant, no experience needed, nothing at all to learn, nothing to study. Send us your name—send it to-day—now—while the whole matter is fresh in your mind, and get complete book of fashions with free cloth samples and full information. Address CHICAGO TAILORS ASSOCIATION 515-521 So. Franklin Street Dept. P-572 Chicago Pace and Handy Popular Songs Everybody knows "A Good Man Is Hard to Find" But You can find a copy wherever music is sold. Get one today and try it on your piano or phonograph. "It's Great" and will continue to ring in your ears. Our catalog contains the very best "Blues" and novelty songs and ballads and these are OUR BIGGEST BROADWAY SUCCESSES "A Good Man is Hard to Find" "Lonesome Road Blues" "I'm Dying With the Worried "St. Louis Blues" Blues" "Though We're Miles and Miles Remember and Be Careful Every Apart" "Sweet Child" "Ringtail Blues" "Satan, I'm Here" "Shake, Rattle and Roll" "The Way to Keep a Good Man" "Hail to the Spirit of Freedom" This Music on sale at Woolworth, Kress, Kresge, Kraft, McCrory, Willner and Metropolitan 6 and 10c stores. "St. Louis Blues" The most popular "Blues" song published. Hear it and satisfy yourself. FREE Our latest catalog of the kind of music you want. Certainly YO U may have one! Write TODAY. Our music can be had on all phonograph records and player rolls. Music for sale wherever music is sold, or write direct to PACE and HANDY MUSIC CO., Inc. (The Home of the Blues) 1547 BROADWAY NEW YORK CITY Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A state supervisor of schools FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT TEACHERS writes us: "Will you kindly furnish me a larce list of teachers for our schools for the next year? I can have them appointed at once. Soprano " She has one of the best voices that God has given her race."—Los Angeles Times. We need them for all types of schools, but primarily " Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert for rural schools." who beside her natural gift has already reached a high plane We also have immediate calls for teachers of auto-of professional accuracy."—Herman Devriea In Chicago Amer mechanics, carpentry, painting, agriculture, Spanish ican. and French. Engagements accepted for Concerts, Recitals. Oratorio. Mrs. Talbert will make her first tour of the southern states TILE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY beginning September first at Arkansas. Write for date now. 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C 659 Twenty-eighth Street, Detroit, Mich. LULA ROBINSON-JONES The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. Soprano REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Available for Concerts Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Telephone 6393 Momingside Box 22, Wilberforoe, O. 126 W. 134th Street New York City Teachers Wanted In a secondary school with high standards the following CLEOTA J. COLLINS teachers are needed: Bible and Social Service. English and French. Soprano Shorthand and Expert Bookkeeper. Domestic Science and Arts. She has a very lovely lyric soprano voice Dressmaking, Tailoring and Millinery Matron. of beautiful quality and sings songs with School north of Mason and Dixon Line. Only capable, style and intelligence. Her recitals are very cultured, experienced, Christian women need apply. interesting.— 	Address. Secondary School, care of The Crisis. LIL A ROBESO N Would you like to know why the Negro and Caucasian are mixing in spite of prejudice ? Then, read Of the Metropolitan Optra Company of New York " As Nature Leads." by J. A. Rogers, author of " From 103 W. 143d St., New York City 	Superman to Man." Undoubtedly the most fearless analysis of the Negro-Caucasian situation by any author. The writer penetrates to the very heart of the subject and In a style bubbling with vigor he puts In the clearest language thoughts of your innermost consciousness. Arguments supported by the world's greatest scientists and philosophers. Easily read. Clarence Cameron White 	A book you will read and re-read and give to your friends. Price. $1.25; by mail, $1.35. Agents wanted. Dept. A, Hayes Book Store. 3640 State Street. Chicago, III. VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his ConFor all Lodge and Church Societies cert appearance in your city means the musical event of CENTRAL REGALIA CO. the season." For terms and dates address JOS. L. JONES, Pre.. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Stt., Cincinnati, Ohio 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Telephone, Baring lit* Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records 3 Warwick St., Boston, Mass. ISADORE MARTIN Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera Boohing Engagements for Continental Tour Real Estate and Insurance Season 1919-1920 Notary Public Mortgages Management: M. J. Minor, 2 Mills St., Roxbury, Mass. 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Central 266 Telephones: "Stand by the Yanks" Main 220 A patriotic song by Nannie G. Board. Effectively HARRY E. DAVIS used by War Camp Community Centers and in other ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC places where patriotic songs arc of service. Order 202-206 Engineers Building Cleveland, Ohio from Krausgill Music Company, 309 Walnut St., BROWN S. SMITH Louisville, Ky., or from the composer, 1224 W. Chest nut St., Louisville, Ky. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 3437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 84 School Street Boston Mass. Telephone Connection My course in Penmanship Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the ma&lt;l will prepare you for the position: worth W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen while. Write for information. HAWKINS and McMECHEN ATTORNEY-AT-LAW A. D. Nolley, M. Pen., 519 Michigan Ave., Buffalo N.Y. 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Agents wanted everywhere to supply the big demand for our high grade Calling Cards. Most fashionable styles of cards for ladies or gentlemen, 100 for 50 cents. No extra charge for address. Light, pleasant, and very profitable spare time work. Outfit furnished. Prompt and dependable service. All orders sent postpaid. Write for samples and terms. Address: The House of Chowning Indianapolis, Ind. 1000 AGENTS WANTED A New Photo Sensation Just send us any Photo of yourself, friend or relative and get a Beautiful Life Size Medallion Photo. We return the original. These Medallions must be seen to be appreciated. Sample Photos with agent's selling Instructions, 60c. Photos of Madame Walker. We give lowest terms on NegTO Wa r Histories, Post Cards and Pictures. Write for agent's terms. BETHEL ART CO. 97 South Street JAMAICA, N. Y. Mention THE CRISIS. Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic TOOTH POWDER— Absolutely Free From Grit &amp; Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States Not an Ordinary Dentifrice hut a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth, "BLEACHING" the Teeth and Preventing Decay. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave.. N. W., Washington, D. C. FREE FASHION BOOK MAILED UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair All our wigs are hand made and strictly to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Trans formations, switches, and Braids and all other articles of hair goods. No. 604—Price $10.50 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dress ers' Tools. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makes the skin velvetlike, the hair silklike. Mme.Baum'sMail Order House P. O. BOX 145, Penn. Terminal Station, New York City. When writing, mention this paper. MAKE MONEY Selling THE CHALLENGE The World's Great Negro Magazine It Fears Only God Write For Terms 2305 7th Avenue, New York City Do You Favor Education? Join the U . S. S. Literary — school for the masses. Instructive, entertaining, non-secret, non-sectarian. Intellectual and social uplift. Needed by everybody everywhere. Address National Literary Association, 1230 You St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Dolls - Dolls High grade colored dolls that you can depend on in natural brown colors at reasonable prices—also beautiful Negro calendars with colored children for a subject. These calendars come in a great number of subjects. W e are now making them up for the trade also for home use. Our agents are doing well selling these goods. Send for proof and get started to making good money. Reliable selling agents wanted. All our aoods are sold on their merits. OTIS H. GADSDEN 63 Park Row New York City WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY. N. J. Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children Send for booklet. E. W. DALE. Owner FEET Sore and Tender ANTISEPTIC FOOT POWDER, relieving excessive perspiration AND offensive odors. Price 50 cents. B Y MALL 80 EENTS. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER, Foot Specialist 167 WAST iseth ST . NEW YORK CITY. Earn $35.to WEEKLY ALL OR SPARE TIME Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yourself—can positively make $35 to $100 a week. I want men, hustling, energetic* ambitious fellows, anxiouB to make money, who are willing to work with me- Not for me, bat withme. Axe you that kind? I want you toadvertise.sejl and anDoint local agentB for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years-the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstratlnff Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention —nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. GiveB every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no water-works needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Bemember, fully 70 per cent of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sale, a day means S300a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 30 days. Bev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got 11600 to date. Bnrkholder, Mont,, orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two dare. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a post card. Let me write yon along letter. No experience needed, no oapital. Yonr credit is good if yon mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That s all. Write a postcard now. • I want to pay you $35 to $100 every week, -• H . S. Robinson, Pres. The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. 4976 Factories Building Toledo. Ohio Open Jane 20th. Closed September 10th THE OCEAN HOUSE Sea Isle City. N. J. This hotel 1B right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the ocean while dining. Every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July. Mrs. Lucy Lee, proprietor, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, L . I. Address after June 1st, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. Bell telephone connection. Mrs. M . WATSON RUDD, 154 West 131st St. New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Ae-ents Wanted—Write FOR particulars. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful IdewiId The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives AND romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting ? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries 7 Do you want a place TO go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe ID progress and DO you want TO have a part in one of the most progressive move-. ments of the time? Surelyl Then you will be interested in, and want TO own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewlld, . Michigan. If you act at once you can se•••'ire a beautiful lot for only $30.00 each; $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract showing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg So. Dearborn St 001010,111 MENTION THE CRISIS. 222 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER KELLY MILLER'S HISTORY OF THE NEGRO IN THE WORLD WAR New Book Published July 19th, 1919 THE KELLY MILLER HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR is all that the title can possibly mean. The author takes up the Great Conflict, following it step by step through the thirty excellent chapters, including the Terms of the Armistice, and General Pershing's full report to the War Department, attd gives us the only condensed History of the Great War that is fair to the Negro Race. The Negro's War for Democratization—He braces Himself and Claims to be the Champion of Democracy—Enters the Arena of Combat! The German Indigent— The South Sensitive—The North Quizzical—The Whole World Hesitant. The Negro in the Navy More than fifty pages of the Book devoted to the ACHIEVEMENT S O F TH E NEGR O IN TH E AMERICA N NAVY— Guarding the Trans-Atlantic Route to France—Battling the Submarine Peril—The Best Sailors in any Navy in the World—Making a Navy in Three Months from Negro Stevedores and Laborers—Wonderful Accomplishments of 700 Pages. 50 Pages of Negro Soldiers.Pages of other appropriate andteresting pictures.  50  InOur Negro Yeomen and Yeowomen. AGENTS WANTED The Book is a RECORD BREAKER ! Send 25 cents for a prospectus—It will be the best investment you ever made—Grasp the Opportunity of Making Money faster than you have ever done before! Our agents are sending us thousands of. orders weekly—There will be A MIL LION copies of the book sold during the next six months and A MILLION DOLLAR S profit made by agents—Are you going to get your share? Many Agents are leaving high salaried positions to canvass! We will quote you agent's prices that will surprise you—Our agents consider a day lost when they fail to make at least $10—Get in touch with us and let us tell you about our liberal terms, large profits and free book offers. The Negro Turns the Tide at Chateau Thierry—He Helps Hurl Back the Hordes of the Hun—Wins His Place and Right to a Voice in the Affairs of Mankind against Prejudice, Ridicule, Race Hatred and almost Insurmountable Obstacles! Kelly Miller, Dean of Howard University, residing in Washington, D. C , the friend of Government officials in the National Capital, is the best prepared Negro to give a complete record of what the soldiers and sailors of his race have accomplished in the World War for Human Rights. It is the most satisfactory and impartial War History yet written. The book is bound in durable cloth, with substantial head band, price $2.50. In full Kerotol Morocco (similar to cut) $3.25. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of the price. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 523 gth St., WASHINGTON, D. C. 443 South Dearborn St., Chicago, 111. [Address the nearer Office') The Largest Publishers of special books for Negroes. Mention THE CRISIS The Brownies' Book Announcement is made of the publication beginning in November of a Monthly Magazine for Children DESIGNED FOR ALL CHILDREN, BUT ESPECIALLY FOR OURS. It will be a thing of Joy and Beauty, dealing in Happiness, Laughter and Emulation, and designed especially for Kiddies from Six to Sixteen. It will seek to teach Universal Love and Brotherhood for all little folk—black and brown and yellow and white. Of course, pictures, puzzles, stories, letters from little ones, clubs, games and oh—everything! One Dollar a year       Ten Cents a copy W. E. B. DuBois, Editor A. G. Dill, Business Manager ADDRESS: The Brownies' Book, 2 W. 13th Street, New York City NILE QUEEN FOR HAIR AND SKIN THE NEW WONDER PREPARATIONS Compounded from original old Egyptian Formulas. Perfected by the KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. Laboratories. Even Better Than KASHMIR FREE New NILE QUEEN Beauty Book FREE Just off the press. Don't miss it.   Send for your copy today. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. 312 So. Clark St. Dept. K., Chicago, Ill. AGENTS WANTED