The Crisis THE CRISIS RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Vol. 6—No. 6 OCTOBER, 1913 Whole No. 36 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY National Emancipation Expansion IN NEW YORK CITY October 22 to 31, 1913 At the 12th REGIMENT ARMORY, one-half block from Broadway at 62d Street. Fourteen classes of exhibits, including African Industries, Health and Physique, Labor and House Service, Trades and Business, Agriculture, Professions, Education, Religion and Women and Social Uplift. The most complete exposition of Negro progress ever made. A n historical pageant October 23, 25, 28 and 30, with 250 actors in full costume and orchestra music composed especially for the occasion by Major Charles Young, of the United States Army, and others. For further information address The Emancipation Commission Corner 7th Avenue and 131st Street New York City THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Published BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents for October, 1913 PICTURES COVER PICTURE: Eleanor Arlene Fullum. Page "OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN" 278 SHADOWS OF THE VEIL 286 THE FOUR SEASONS 287 ARTICLES TH E BLACK FAIRY. A Story. By Fenton Johnson 292 A GIRLS' CLUBHOUSE. By Julia Childs Curtis 294 THRE E EXPOSITIONS 297 A FABLE. By Jacob Riis 300 THE AFTER THOUGHT 300 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 267 MEN OF THE MONTH 272 OPINION 275 EDITORIAL 285 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 298 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of .the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. 264	 TH E CRISIS Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the govern ments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Fall term began September 1, 1913. Strong faculty. Excellent equipment. Successful gradu ates. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. For catalog or further information address JAMES B. DUDLEY President GREENSBORO, N. C. "In the Heart of the Healthy Hills" The Agricultural and Mechanical College NORMAL, ALABAMA Makes a special effort to meet the needs of young people who must work out their own salvation. It gives breadwinners a chance to go to school and so puts a first-class English education and a trade within the reach of every young person of push and purpose. Board, lodging and washing cost $9 per month. A n entrance fee of $10 covers medicine, hospital care and doctor's bill for the year. School opens the first Monday in October and closes the last Thursday in May. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President Morehouse College (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest Northern universities. Debating, Y.	 M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President. ADVERTISER Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. For further information write DR. CORNELIUS W. MORROW, Dean Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Nor mal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all Bubjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. A n Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISISVirginia Theological Seminary and College, Lynchburg, Va. COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS — Standard Bachelor of Arts Course (B.A.). Scientific Course leading to the degree Bachelor of Scienco (B.S.). THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY — Wit h full theological course leading to degroe of Bachelor of Divinity (B.D.), including Greek, Hebrew, Sociology and Social Psychology. ACADEMIC COURSE — Whic h prepares for college, teaching and professional schools. NORMAL DEPARTMENT — Offering special training to teachers. Doing extensive work in Pedagogy and Education. Co-edueational. Three hundred and five students last year, representing fifteen States, South and West Coast Africa, South America and British West Indies. Strong, efficient, experienced faculty. ROBERT C. WOODS, President. The Downingtown Industrial and Agricultural School Began its ninth session September 16, 1913 Higher English, Trades, Agriculture, Domestic Science, Dressmaking, Millinery, Typewriting, Stenography, Music, etc. Address all communications to Wm. A. Creditt, President, 628 S. 19th Street, Philadelphia, Pa., or B. C. Burnett, Secretary, Downingtown, Pa. Morgan College and Branches JOHN O. SPENCER, President MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION : Central in great college town between North and South. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Music, Advanced Education, Collegiate, Appropriate Degrees. INSTRUCTORS : College and University trained. Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty. DORMITORIES: For a limited number, furnished. TERMS : Very reasonable. DEAN : Rev. Charles Edmund Young, D. D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern branch of the Maryland Agricultural College.) LOCATION : The famous Eastern shore of Maryland, Somerset County. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Industrial, Do mestic Science, Music. INSTRUCTORS : Collegiate and Technically trained. DORMITORIES : Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS : Free tuition; other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Kiah, A. B. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE, Lynchburg, Va. LOCATION : On beautiful hill, suburbs of growing city. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Domestic Science, Gardening, Music. INSTRUCTORS : College trained; carefully selected. DORMITORIES : Furnished; steam heat; accom modations for 50 girls; carefully supervised. TERMS : Within the reach of all. PRINCIPAL: Frank Trigg, A. M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 29, 1913 BISHOP COLLEGE, MARSHALL, TEX. Maintains college, academic, theological, musical, normal, grammar and Industrial departments. Offers the most advanced courses and Is the best-equipped school for Negroes In the Southwest. For information address C. H. MAXSON, President ADVERTISER 265 WH Y not enroll your son or daughter in the Bureau Manual Training and Industrial School, which has for its object the training of the head, hand and heart of our youth, thus fitting them for the practical requirements of everyday life! Day and night sessions. Four Departments: Domestic Art, Domestic Science, Industrial Art, Academic and Musical. Printing and Plumbing; special new trades for the boys. Comfortable dormitory facilities for both girls and boys on the premises. Non-resident students are required to board in the dormitorieB. A well-equipped gymnasium for use of the student's. A n improved Literary Course for day students. Fall term and 15th year opens Tuesday, October 7, 1913. Write Matthew Anderson, Principal. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Avenue --- Philadelphia, Pa. NUMEROUS OPPORTUNI TIES FOR ALL TO LEARN A USEFUL TRADE In Enterprise Institute, Incorpor ated and Located at Chicago, 111. More than forty trades taught. Prices very low and terms easy. Call at or address Enterprise Institute Rev. G. H. McDaniel, D. D„ Pres. 3711 State St. -- -Chicago, 111. CARNEGIE COLLEGE-HOME STUDY "60 PAGE BULLETIN FREE" COURSES BY MAIL Grammar School Agricultural High School Poultry Norma Domestic Science Professions Civil Service Penmanship Engineering Type-writing Drawing Short-hand English Book-keeping Language Law Real Estate Reduced rates of tuition to first applicants. For "Free Bulletin" and "Special Scholarship," apply CARNEGIE COLLEGE Pres.. GALBREATH No. 19D St.. ROGERS. Ohio. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAl STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position When Practising, Position When Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, 111., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tlnsley: "I take great pleasure In commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Tour own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN. C. S. P.. Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From book is 'Musical Courier." N. Y.: "A very practical little Tinsley. 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' by Pedro T. exercise; It contains some very excellent material and vocal From and should be in the hands of all vocal students." "Music News." Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' Is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fall to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W „ Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. FREEShotGun .FULL CHOKE Hammerless, Double-Barrel Shot Gun—very superior. Fitted with top snap-break, bar side locks, forged frame, case hardened locks and frames. MNicely finished, highly polished stock and fore end. Polished blued steel barrels; 1 choke bored, 12 Gauge and either 30 or 32 inch barrels. Well balanced and accurate. A perfect beauty. The same model used by some of the best shots in the country. We give it | Absolutely FREE to Our Agents Al l that we require is that you show our samples and take a few orders for our special made-to-measure clothes. We pay highest cash profits and give extra presents besides. Your choice of 628 valuable premiums—such as Leather Suit Cases, Musical Instruments, Pipes, Watches, Sporting Goods, Hats, etc. Write for elegantfree outfit and full particulars SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 630. CHICAGO g SHEET MUSIC 3 Big Hits—10 Cents Popular selections at wholesale. To introduce our proposition we will send THREE BIG HITS FOR 10c, postpaid. KELLER, ROBINSON &amp; MONK 36	 W. 118th Street New York MAKE EXTRA MONEY EACH WEEK In a light, pleasant and profitable work. We want a good colored person(male or female) In every colored community to take orders for our high-grade calling cards. We are furnishing these cards at 50c per 100 or-25c for 50 cards with name andTiddress, We allow our agents a liberal commission on all orders they Bend in You are sure to make a success of this work for calling cards are in great de mand everywhere Outfit furnished free. Ex clusive territory given. Write now for terms THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Dosk 21 INDIANAPOLIS, IND. Shows how to earn this swell tailored-to-order suit in an hour. How to make $33to$65aweek,just by show ing your fine FREE SAM PL E SUIT and our beautiful samples to your friends. Lowest Wholesale Prices ever heard of. We pay ex press charges, Fellows every where going wild about our styles. Finest quality guaranteed tailoring in America. We send magnificent SAM PLE OUTFIT and everything FREE. You pay nothing, sipn nothing, promise nothing—and Deed no experi ence. Wait until you see how handsome your FRE E SAMPL E SUIT ia before you decide to be our Agent. More quick money in thia than you ever thought po«nibl«. So easy to make it you will be astonished. Onlv one FREE SAMPLE BOOK to each county. Territory (foine fast. Send us your name today. Chicago Tailors* flss'n. Dept.590 Van Buren Si, Chicago COLORED HELP WANTED Private Families Houseworkers, $25-$30; cooks. $30$50; laundresses, $30-$35; chambermaids, $25-$28; waitresses, $25-$30. Also butlers, $35-$60; useful men, $25-$35; couples, $55-$75. Apply with references. N. Y. &amp; N. J. Industrial Exchange Miller Building, Room 302, Third Floor 1931 Broadway, Corner 65th St. Mrs.	 E. Marrow, Mgr. New York City Positively Leading Agency for Colored Help. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 6—No. 6 OCTOBER, 1913 Whole No. 36 ALONG THE COLOR LINE POLITICAL. place of public accommodation in the State \\T W. SANDERS , a colored man, lias of New York went into effect September 1. • been appointed as State librarian This law was passed for 1 lie purpose of of West Virginia by Governor strengthening the law already en-Hatfield. acted to this effect. &lt;l The United Negro Democ^ The resignation of Goverracy of Jersey City has nor Pinchback, who was sent a letter to the comappointed an assistant in missioners of that city the New York customs protesting against disservice by President criminations inflicted Taft, has been asked upon the race. The f o r, received a n d lette r stated that accepted. President Wilson's «I The National Aspromises to 8,000 sociation for the colored voters have Advancement of not been realized Colored People has and that great sent a very pointed indignation a n d letter of protest dissatisfaction are to President Wil resulting from the son. This letter segregation c a r-was signed by ried on in WashMoorfield Storey, ington. president of the ^ The Negroes of association, AY. E. the District of CoDu Bois and lumbia have sent Oswald Garrison a protes t to Villard, chairman Congress against inof the board. sults inflicted upon «J Dr. Georg e W. the race by men in Buckner has been Congres s who misnamed United States represent America n Resident a n d Consul-sentiment. General to the Republic of Liberia. &lt;I The "equal rights" law forbidding discrimination His nomination lies beagainst any person on account fore the Senate, but has not of race, creed or color at any yet been confirmed. TH E CRISIS ECONOMICS. NEGROES in Louisville, Ky., are plan ^ ning a department store in this city to eater exclusively to members of their race. ? Negro insurance companies in Philadelphia, carrying risks amounting to $10,000,000, have organized a national association to be affiliated with the Negro Business League. Convincing evidence that slavery is practised in the Philippines for purposes of economic gain has been given in a document submitted to the Secretary of War by Dean C. Worcester. SOCIAL UPLIFT. AT BENGUELLA. in the heart of Africa, the women have caused polygamy to decrease rapidly by rising in rebellion against the practice of the men having five wives. *3 Boston has been rather slow in opening the large field of "social service" to paid colored workers, but in some cases the field has been opened. Mrs. Augustus Hinton holds a position in the social-service department of the Massachusetts General Hospital. C Hon. Newton D. Baker, mayor of Cleveland, urges as a special reason for the cooperation of colored citizens in the Perry celebration the service of colored sailors in the Battle of Lake Erie. He has appointed a subcommittee of colored citizens to arrange for the participation in this celebration of the colored population of Cleveland. *I The purpose of the Negro Organization Society of Virginia is to confederate all the organizations of the race in the State and focus their attention upon the purpose of improving the health, intelligence and morals of the race, *J The Afro-American Fil m Company has been incorporated under the laws of New York State and financed by the Negro Business Men's League of Philadelphia. The purpose of this company will be to give educational films especially applicable to Negroes. &lt;3 Twenty thousand colored Knights of Pythias participated in the parade in Baltimore at the seventeenth annual session of the supreme lodge. &lt;I The Salvation Arm y is planning to do work among the Negroes in the South through Negroes. Twelve colored graduates from the training school in New York will be sent South. *J The Eighth Infantry Illinois National Guard, under command of Col. John R. Marshall, was in camp at Springfield, 111., the first week in September. &lt;J The high court of the Ancient Order of Foresters met in Buffalo in September. This is the branch of the order which admits colored people and is the original English branch. The Foresters of America were expelled some years ago for drawing the color line. EDUCATION. ALAW has been passed in Florida prohibiting white teachers from teaching in colored schools, or colored teachers from •	 teaching in white schools. Infractions will be punished by fine or imprisonment. ALONG THE COLOR LINE A new compulsory school law goes into . effect this fall in Tennessee, which will force 20,000 more colored children into the schools if it is as rigidly enforced upon the colored children as upon the white. «J Robert C. Ogden bequeathed $20,000 and a contingent interest in property, valued at $100,000, to Hampton Institute at Hampton, Va. &lt;SI Southern University, an agricultural and mechanical college, which was located for many years in New Orleans, has been moved into the country, two miles from Iberia, La., where there is a larger field for such work. Three hundred acres of land valued at $30,000 have been purchased, and the task of raising $20,000 now confronts the directors. 1$ William J. Decatur, a graduate of Atlanta University and now a teacher at Wilberforce University, has been elected principal of Manassas Industrial School, Va., to succeed Leslie Pinckney Hill, who becomes principal of Cheyney Institute, Pa. *J The United States Bureau of Education, in co-operation with the Phelps-Stokes Fund, is making a comprehensive study of the private and higher schools for colored people. The attendance of Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College for colored youth in Prairie View, Tex., must be reduced from 900 to 600 because of lack of funds. &lt;J In Alabama the school property of the whites is valued at eleven times that of the colored, and while Negroes form 45 per cent. of the population, only 12 per cent, of the school fund is expended for Negroes. *I A history of the colored people of Geneva, N. Y., is being prepared by the citizens for the fiftieth anniversary celebration of the emancipation proclamation. 1 The Alcorn Agricultural and Mechanical College, a State institution for Negroes in Mississippi, may be investigated because of alleged mismanagement. *I A n alternative writ of mandamus against the board of education of Grant District, Hancock County, W. Va., for the education of colored children has been granted to Joshua Steele, a colored man whose five children, when the white teacher refused to instruct them, were sent to East Liverpool with a part of their expenses met by the board. When the board refused to contribute further to these expenses application was made for the writ, which compels the board to grant colored children of that district permission to attend the public schools or else appear before Judge Newman and show cause why they should not grant said request. *I The Amanda Smith Industrial School for orphan and dependent Negro girls has been opened this fall at North Harvey, 111. &lt;I Walter Dipon, a graduate of Fisk and Yale, took his master's degree at the August convocation at Chicago University. MEETINGS. THE Northeastern Federal ion of Colored Women's Clubs held their seventeenth annual convention at Cambridge in August. The convention was largely attended, and the mayor extended the courtesy of the city TH E CRISIS by placing at the disposal of the delegates private ears to points of historic interest. The mayor of Boston entertained the delegates with a harbor excursion. *J The fifteenth annual session of the National Medical Association met in Nashville, Tenn., August 26-28. More than 500 delegates were present. *3 The fourteenth annual meeting of the National Negro Business League took place in Philadelphia August 20-23. Thirty-six States were represented. Many subjects relating to the Negro in business were discussed. Mr. B. T. Washington, in his annual address, spoke of the great progress of the Negro in fifty years, and the need of the colored farmer in the South. MUSIC AND ART. A FEATURE of a morning program given at the third annual convention of the California Music Teachers' Association, during the week of July 16, was the presentation of Zuni Indian songs by Enid Watkins, accompanied by Carlos Troyer, the composer. At the concert given by the Sacramento Oratorio Society, under the musical and dramatic committee of California, "Hiawatha's Wedding1 Feast," by S. Coleridge-Taylor, was given. *I On June 17, at the Little Theatre, London, England, Kitty Cheatham, the American singer, gave at her hist recital a brief talk on Negro music and excerpts from her repertory of Negro songs. *J The Welsh Choral Union of Liverpool, England, announce that the program of next season would include two parts of "Hiawatha" in honor of the memory of the late Coleridge-Taylor. *1 A noteworthy event was the visit of 2,000 members of the Imperial Choir of London to the Ghent exhibition. They were assisted by an orchestra of 110 performers imported from Brussels. The program for June 1 included "On Away Awake, Beloved," sung by Ben Davies and the "picturesque chorus": "The Dome of Pleasures," from Kubla Kahn, by Coleridge-Taylor. ^ Miss Mary L. Europe, the talented pianist of Washington, D. C , is taking a course in music at Columbia University, New York City. *I A mysterious bust, discovered in the Boulevard de la Chappelle, in Paris, and for a long time unidentified, has been recognized by an American tourist as the late William Smith Garner, who dedicated his life and fortune to the defense of the colored people. PERSONAL. MISS CONSTANCE RIDLEY of Bos •*• A ton has been placed upon the stenographic staff of the Boston Children's Ai d Society as a preliminary step in her course of social-service training. ^ Negro blood was represented at the eighth international congress of students held at Ithaca, N . Y. , August 29 to September 3, by the first colored member of the Cornell Cosmopolitan Club, who was also for three years an associate editor of the Cosmopolitan Student. * David J. Dickerson, a colored waiter, lost his life while attempting to rescue Mrs. F. A . Keesing, a guest of the hotel, from drowning at Delaware Water Gap, Pa. ALONG THE COLOR LINE THE GHETTO. TWO hundred white citizens of Rich mond have signed a petition objecting to the building of a Negro church in their neighborhood. *I A resident of Highland Park, in Rich mond, objects to a colored park "to clutter our entrance to Richmond." &lt;I The white women of the Fulton Heights section of Jamaica, L. I., are fighting hard to keep colored people out. In spite of the vigorous objections of the people in North and Northeast Memphis, the city of Memphis has purchased Douglas Park for the use of the colored people. &lt;5 Vardaman again denounced the Negro in a recent speech in Washington. The K u Klux, he says, was the greatest organization, excepting the church, that ever existed in this country. The speech brought wild cheers from the audience. &lt;J The summer announcements for Columbia University stated directly that no accommodation would be provided for colored students in the dormitories. &lt;I The colored people of Camden, N . J., have waged a successful fight to stop discrimination against colored children in public schools. One of their arguments was a copy of the Educational Number of T he Crisis. *I Greenough, Ga., a thriving Negro village, has been dynamited by white men as the result of a dispute between a colored man and two white men. *I A Negro caterer has bought a fine house in Baltimore in the interim' between the recent rejection of the . new segregation ordinance by the Court of Appeals and its re-enactment by the city council in revised form. &lt;I The white citizens of Wilmette, 111., are organizing for the purpose of driving Negroes out of that suburb. Many colored employees have been discharged and others are threatened. CRIME. RECENT lynchings have occurred as follows: &lt;I Near Paul's Valley, two Negroes—one for killing a white man in a dispute, the other for killing a white boy found in his watermelon patch. A t Jennings, La., a Negro for assaulting an Italian. In Charlotte, N . G , a colored man for wounding a policeman. Near Birmingham, an unknown Negro; no facts in the case are known. At Laurens, a Negro charged with having attacked a white woman with criminal intent. A t Dunbar, Ga., one Negro for wounding a white man. At Bartow, Fla., an escaped convict for assaulting a white woman. A t Morgan, Ga., a colored man for killing two white men. At Akron, 0., a Negro, as a "last warning" to the colored people who refused to move out of a white district. ^ It has been recently revealed to the grand jury that thousands of dollars have been taken from Negroes in and around Atlanta, Ga., during the past year or so by illegal arrests. ^ One policeman and five others have been arrested in connection with the recent lynching in Jennings, La. &lt;I Leon Dayries surrendered to the sheriff in New Roads, La., after killing a Negro. He has been released on a $300 bond. MEN OF THE MONTH A FIGHTING EDITOR. THEsary. Cleveland Gazette ofis celebrating its thirtieth Harry C. Smith, the editor, Clev 0.,  anniver has been eland, in newspaper work for thirty-five years, has been thirty years with the Gazette, and for twenty-five years its sole proprietor. This is • in itself a record worth noting. Mr. Smith was born in West Virginia in 1863, but has lived in Cleveland since 1865, where he graduated from the Central High School. He has served three terms as a member of the Ohio legislature and was nominated the fourth time by the Republicans, receiving the second highest vote. During his term in the legislature he was instrumental in the passage of the Ohio civil-rights law, of which the Malby law in New York is a copy. His anti-lynching law is the most effective statute of its kind* HARRY C. SMITH. in the country. Mr. Smith is, however, best known as a chronic fighter; one who stands for what he thinks is right without fear or favor. He is for this reason often condemned and felt to be an uncomfortable critic, but his honesty of purpose is seldom questioned. m FROM BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN W. M. APPLETON. MY FRIEND and comrade, Major •*• B. G. Wilder, 55th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, sent me a copy of your July issue. I am interested in it. Every step that the colored man takes toward the higher and broader life is attended by my full sympathy and good wishes. "I held the first commission in the 51th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry as second lieutenant and enlisted the first men. Was captain of a company, was promoted major (o date, from July 18, 1863. M y company was in the first line at Wagner, and I was near Colonel Shaw on the parapet when he fell. Lieutenant Homans and 1 were wounded that night. 1 was hurt again in 1864, and was sent North to die, but recovered, and entered service again early in 1S65, serving until the end of the war. I have lived in West Virginia since 1865. M y object in writing you is to let you know that 'the old captain' (as 1 was called, to distinguish between Capt. Tom L. Appleton and myself, he being a cousin of mine) is still living. I was the first officer commissioned and was older than most of them, being about 30.. These young officers were a noble band of young patriots of clean lives and high aspirations. If I could spare the time I could give you interesting tales of those times. I hardly think that this letter I write you is of MEN OF THE MONTH 273 GENERAL J. W. M. APPLETON. general interest, but I must suggest that you could state that you had discovered me, the pioneer officer, now past 80, but hearty and active, leading an active, useful life. Of course I am a Republican, of the original 1860 brand, and stay so. I also send a photo taken when I was Adjutant-General of West Virginia, during the Spanish-American War. The letters you might hold for your own information, but use anything in them as you choose, not putting my writing forward too much. I have written an account of my service with the 54th Regiment to hand on to my children. I do not expect to publish it. Captain Emilio has given us a good regimental history already." A GIRL OF PROMISE. MISS FLORENCE GREENWOOD, one of the honor students in the last graduating class of Atlanta University, died from a stroke received during a severe electric storm which passed over Atlanta early last month. Miss Greenwood, the fifth child of a well-known Atlanta family to graduate from Atlanta University, was a young woman of great promise who had made an enviable record throughout her school career. The large number of Moral tributes gave evidence of the high esteem in which she was held. THE CRISIS tenders its condolence to the bereaved family. A REMARKABLE CHILD! ENCLOSED you will find a picture of my boy at the age of 6 months. His mother, of course, knows that he'd' take the prize in any competition, and while I agree with her in "private," my public attitude is one of becoming modesty. Of course, I know he's an unusual child. Even his grandmother agrees with me in that. She said he was very much like me when 1 was his age. Then he has a wonderful mind. No child ever had greater. The doctor brought it to my attention on the day of his birth. Said he: "This is the brightest child I've known in all my long professional career." That doctor was one of the best doctors I ever knew. And in spite of his abilities, his bills were no larger than the ordinary doctor's were. Interested neighbors brought into use adjectives of all degrees to give vent to their excess of admiration. Most of them THE LATE FLORENCE GREENWOOD. THE CRISIS were women who had seen many babies in forget to send the picture back, for it is their lives, but all of them agreed in the only one we have. M y wife gave every declaring the child the most wonderful they neighbor one who asked for it, and to those had ever seen. Their who didn't ask she descriptive expresgave one also. So sions ranged from you see this is the "cutest" to "most only one remaining. perfectly beautiful." Stamps are enclosed Through it all the for its return. I youngster never algive you permission tered his attitude of to publish it and complaisant indiffershall do anything, at ence. Not one sign any time, like this of vanity did he to aid you in in show, which only creasing your circu substantiated the doclation. tor's opinion as to Very truly yours, his most wonderfully THE FOND FATHER. balanced mind. [The editor was Now I say all this pressed for space and because I don't want overwhelmed wit h you to get this baby baby faces, but he mixed with any of could not resist the the other babies, and above and hereb y so that you will be apologizes to al l better able to judge, othe r fathers and without prejudice, what a handsome young mothers. He assures them that those left man he is. over will appear in 1914 without fail, unless Now, furthermore, but not least, don't new babies crowd them out.] SOME BALTIMORE LASSIES. OPINION The National Association for " 'MEMORANDUM FOR ASSISTANT SECRETARY THE PROTEST. the Advancement of Colored WILLIAMS. People has sent a protest to President " "In compliance with your request for a Wilson on Federal race discrimination which memorandum relative to the enclosed letter has received wide publicity. from Mrs. Belle C. La Follette, asking to Some of the facts which called out this know whether or not it is a fact that an protest are set forth in L a Follette's: order to segregate the races at the Bureau "There have been vari ous rumors afloat in Washington for some time as to the segregation of employees in the govern ment service. A few days ago Senator Clapp intro duced a resolution asking for the facts as to segre gation of the races in the Postoffice Department. "Some weeks ago I re ceived a letter from Miss Nannie Burroughs, presi dent of the National Train ing School for Women and Girls—owned and oper ated by the woman's con vention, auxiliary to na tional Baptist convention —pleading for justice to the colored people and protesting against the segregation being insti tuted in the Bureau of Engraving and Printing. "I wrote the Secretary of the Treasury for the facts. Omitting the for malities of the corre • spondence, I give the memorandum to him forwarded to me from the director of the bureau in so far as it relates to segregation of the women, leaving out a part. TH E CRISIS of Engraving and Printing lias been pul into effect, and thai another order to exclude colored girls from lunchrooms has also been put into effect. I have the honor to state that no such general order has been issued in this bureau. It is a fact, however, that in the lunchrooms used by the printers' assistants, many of whom are colored, and where there are six tables, two of the tables were assigned especially for the use of the colored girls for the reason that it is believed that it would be better for them to associate together when eating their lunches. The colored assistants are permitted free access to the lunchrooms and are served the same food as that furnished the white assistants, and there have been no objections on the part of the colored girls to using the tables assigned them, except on the part of three colored assistants who persisted in sitting at the tables occupied by white girls after one or two of the white girls hail made an objection to them occupying the same tables. A kindly suggestion was made to them that it would be best for them to occupy tallies with girls of their own race, but as they persisted in disregarding the suggestion it was necessary for me to give them positive directions to use the tables assigned to the colored assistants.* " The editor interviewed the three girls and continues: "One of the girls was a graduate of both the high, school and normal school of Washington. Another had gone through the second-year high school: the other was educated ai some seminary in a Southern Stale. They had received their appointments under the civil service, which, hear in mind, pre cludes any knowledge of whether they are black or white. They had been employed in the bureau, two of them for eleven years, one for nine. They bad been accustomed to buy their lunches and eat them at any vacant seal. I understood them to say. however, that they never forced themselves into white company. Usually they sat by themselves, but sometimes the white girls did not mind sitting next to them. A change was made in the table arrangements. A woman, not in authority over them, according to the girls' statement, suggested that they occupy a table by themselves. Reply was made that if the order came from the director it would be heeded, but in the absence of such an order from him. that so long as the food was paid for, they should be entitled to eat it in any seat not occupied. A second suggestion was made to them by a colored male employee who likewise, as the girls believed, bad no authority over them. And answer was made to him by the girls that the order should come from the director. "Following this on a certain day, the director called up two of the girls. A woman prominent socially and in civic work was present. She talked to them about the advisability of colored girls eating by themselves in their own lunchroom. One of them answered her that the colored girls had no lunchroom; that there was only the waiting room, off from which were the toilets: they said they could bring their lunch, but would buy no food in the lunchroom if not permitted to eat it there. When 1 asked the girls if they were still eating in the lunchroom, one said: 'No, it was no use trying. Our food choked us.' OPINION 277 Another explained that when they saw the employees were being segregated in the workrooms-they thought that it' that could be clone, of course they had the right to segregate them in the lunchroom." A few days after this editorial was written one of the girls, .Miss R. A. Murraye, was dismissed from her position on a technical charge of insubordination. A strong note of disapproval can be read in many of the comments on this whole situation. The Chicago Inter-Ocean says of the protest: "It is an appeal which should be heard from a sense of propriety and fairness. Men and women should not be discriminated against by a government whose laws guarantee equality in citizenship to all. Once the stress of affairs, now heavy upon him, has lessened somewhat, the President could do no better than cause a revocation of the hateful orders which have caused race prejudice to become senselessly inflamed again." Zion Herald calls it contemptible race prejudice, and remarks: ''The nation as a whole does not favor this drawing the color line in our national government. It is unchristian, unmanly and un-American, and should not be allowed to continue. Time was when such an action as this would have been the subject for strenuous protest on the part of the minority members of Congress. Xo resolution of censure has yet been introduced, simply because there is less partisanship than there once was. But the voice of the nation cannot but be raised against such an iniquitous and entirely unjust act." The Chicago News declares, "a 'Jim Crow' form of government makes no appeal to fair-minded Americans." Many papers, like the Indianapolis News. stress the fact that the whole movement is undemocratic: "We are in entire sympathy with the vigorous but respectful protest of the National Association' for the Advancement of Colored People against the present policy of segregating colored employees in the departments at Washington. Whatever the different States may do, the Federal government cannot properly discriminate among its employees. It professes to be a government of all the people; its cost is paid by all the people; and its battles have been fought by all the people. If we are going to have democracy in this country we shall have to make up our minds that we can have it only on the condition that all citizens be subjected to the same political treatment. A democracy for white men alone is no democracy." The Fall River (Mass.) Herald says: "If anywhere the principles of the Constitution are to be religiously observed, one would expect such observance first in the capital of the nation. And yet, judged by the tone of recent dispatches from Washington, I here is ;\ disposition in some departments there to discriminate against certain civilian employees because they happen to be Negroes. There ought to be some other measure than the color of a man's skin to indicate the permanancy of one's position or one's advancement in the public service." Many papers are content to dismiss the matter with the remark that this is all one can expect of the Democratic party. "OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN.' OPINION 279 The Independent says, for instance: "What else could have been expected? The South is the Sedan of the Democratic party, and the Democratic South does not believe in Negro equality. The Republican party, when in control, has remembered just enough of its history not to deny that the Negroes are both human beings and American citizens, as well as the best of us. The ruling South believes that the ballot ought not to have been given to the Negro, and it wants all the offices for white men, who only ought to be voters. A Negro bishop and a number of Negro editors are now, we imagine, having occasion to take notice." An d it goes on to remark: "Is this what was meant in the Democratic platform by the 'reorganization of the civil service? We know perfectly well that the South is running the government at present, and we do not complain, for the strength of the party is in the South, and it has the right and power to rule; but we insist that if this is the sort of 'fair play' which a Democratic administration shall give us, it has ceased to be Democratic. It is white oligarchy that is miscalled Democracy. "I f we may fairly regard this effort to secure a segregation of the Negroes at present in the civil service, and the exclusion of them in the future, we must not fail to remember that such exclusion is not confined to the South. For example, we know the ease of a colored girl, who stood high in her class in the Albany Normal School, who was advised by one very high in the service of the board of regents of the State of New York to leave the school because, however good her scholarship, she would never be marked high enough to graduate. She was recommended to another school, and is now teaching in the South. There was no place for her in New York. That was quite as bad as what is proposed in Washington, if not meaner and worse." The Munsey (Ind.) Star says: "This is but one of many signs shown since the advent of the present administration that the Negro-hating element is strong in it. There is an evident intention to shove aspiring colored men into the background and to give them little encouragement as fellow citizens." Other papers still have faith in Wilson, although admitting the difficulty of his position. The Waterbury American writes: "The argument of the protest is also obvious, that it puts a stigma on the Negro, retards his development along American lines, and, in the end, will prevent worthy and competent representatives of the race from entering the government service, which, of course, they have the same theoretical right to enter as has any other American citizen. We shall watch with interest to see how far this appeal carries with President Wilson, who, of course, must, through his Southern ancestry, sympathize to a large extent with the Southern view and the Southern policy on the Negro question. Broad as he is, and long as he has lived in a Northern environment, he must retain, to a certain extent, the prejudice of his birth, the traditions of the white race of the South. Once having started a policy of this sort, it would also probably be politically costly to reverse it. His TH E CRISIS Southern supporters, on whom he must depend the most for carrying through his policies, would resent very much his change of a Negro policy because of pressure from sentimental Negro lovers in the North, especially in Massachusetts. "Thus the question of what the President does in this case is not only a question of ideals, it is a question of very practical politics. We have no predictions to make, and are not sure what any other President of like descent, facing like conditions, would do with the Storey protest. But it is unfortunate that President Wilson permitted the departure from what has been the ordinary method of the government since Negroes were first admitted to its roll of employees, and thus raised the issue unnecessarily." The Chicago Evening Post says: "Thus far Mr. Wilson has not appointed a single colored man to public office—not even to those which have hitherto gone to the colored race. As we tried to suggest, this may he of little practical importance to the progress of the race, but it has a very considerable sentimental value in a democracy. But more important than the gift of public office is the question whether the colored employees of the government shall be 'Jim Crowed' at the dictation of Southern officeholders. This is plainly fundamental. "For if we have learned anything in fifty years, surely it is that the 'Jim Crow' or .'Ghetto' solution is no solution of the race problem in a democracy. Its psychology is medieval instead of modern: it is compulsory anil restrictive instead of free and expansive; it increases friction by stimulating people's sense of caste and by suggesting continually new points of 'social contamination.' It would inevitably make of our engaging 'New Freedom' a mockery indeed." "The fact and the portent are extremely unpleasant," remarks the Chicago Tribune: "Is the Democratic party, which in its platforms makes so great a claim to represent the rights of man and the interests of the common people, to adopt at- Washington the most reactionary of policies? It would be a piece of historic irony if in the semi-centennial year of emancipation a party pretending to be devoted to the author and principles of the Declaration of Independence should apply the 'Jim Crow' policy under the flag of the capital. "It does not seem probable that the President will approve of such a step backward." And the Springfield Republican thus concludes a strong editorial: "The Wilson administration was sure to confront issues of this character. For years, under Republican administrations, there was a steady weakening of the safeguards for the protection of Negro rights. It is a significant commentary upon Republican concern for the colored race at this time that no Republican Congressman has introduced a resolution of inquiry or of censure relating to the Negro segregation in the departments. Had this thing happened during one of the Cleveland administrations the Republican attacks would have been fast and furious. But the President cannot afford to forget his obligation to protect this class of citizens, simply because there is less partisan insistence than formerly upon the maintenance of the political and civic equality of the races. It is his OPINION 281 duty lo resist anti-Negro aggression in Federal affairs. A n executive order abolishing the segregation system that has so suddenly sprang up would do the President great credit and reassure the colored race." The Independent adds: "We are amazed and ashamed that this new and insulting order should now have been promulgated. We wonder that Southern influence should have dared to risk the result of it. it' it did not mind the injustice of it. It is an act that ought to excite opposition and condemnation much more serious than any tariff policy that divides the parties: tor this is not a matter of money merely, it is a matter of justice, of equal rights, of fair play, to men and women, as worthy of consideration as the best of us. These colored people, who are thus set apart as unlit to be in the same room as their fellow servants of the country, are human beings, they are not pariahs. Those who insult them, who refuse to give them an equal chance with themselves, lack not merely the instincts of ladies and gentlemen, but the sense of justice which is at the basis of a free and equal government. President Wilson will do a righteous act if he interdicts this discrimination against American citizens. He has spoken well for the Jews in Roumania. Will he not say a noble word for Negroes in his own country, who are under his own orders, his own protection ?" An anonymous writer in THE INEVITABLE the Boston Herald has DILEMMA. been explaining Southern matters to the North, and concludes one article in this way: "This issue is as bewildering as it ever was. One must be appalled by the cruellies of our nation's treatment of the black man. These recall the words of Jefferson on another phase of the same question: '1 tremble for my country when 1 remember that (tod is just.' The sage of Monticello was never more prophetic. One could almost catch in his vision of the future the inspired words of a still greater prophet of Democracy: 'If all the wealth piled up by the unrequited toil of the bondmen—if every drop of blood drawn by the lash be atoned by blood drawn by the sword—thy judgments, 0 God, are true and righteous altogether.' "And still the other question persists as to the integrity of the white blood. Can that be maintained without a frowning attitude on the part of its possessors toward all outsiders? If not, how deep and dark must be the frown? And can we be decent as men while wearing the frown?" The answer is clear. We cannot be decent and we are not: all of which argues that an "integrity" which must be bought at the expense of civilization is much too costly to enjoy. This delicious thing comes THE DANGER OP from the Macon (Ga.) THE BALLOT. Telegraph : " A woman suffragette of Carrollton, Miss., writing' to the Commercial Appeal, in reply to the question, 'Do the while women of Mississippi want to bring back-Negro rule?' makes answer thus: 'Not in Mississippi. The same constitution in Mississippi that gives the suffrage for men will control that of women, so if Negro TH E CRISIS men are rarely seen at the voting precincts, why fear the Negro women?' "The writer is filled with a serene self-complacency over her reply. She has the same delusion that the present status will prevail as do all the suffragettes of • the Southern leagues, overlooking the new amendment for woman's suffrage. Would that it were true. But not so. The present status operates under the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution, and it took years before the Negro men were 'rarely seen at the voting booths.' Back taxes accumulated. The Republican party at the South went into 'innocuous desuetude.' and the big corporations North ceased to pay the Negro men's taxes. Put a premium on their votes, as Mr. Bryan proposes in the proposition to elect Presidents by the people at large, and the votes of these Negro men will become valuable, and rich corporations and big interests will pay their back dues and qualify them for the ballot. "As for the Negro women, they will owe no back taxes; and under the proposed nationalization of the government, abolishing State lines in Presidential elections, their taxes, as clue, will be paid as the needs of outside 'interests' demand. Added to the perplexities of the election of Presidents by the people, Mr. Bryan's new 'reform' will be Colonel Roosevelt's national referendum, also obliterating State lines. How the combat deepens!" The Rev. Duncan Milner RELIGION" AND evidently thinks that Ameri POETRY. can Christians really take the "Golden Rule" seriously. He has recently preached on the subject. "One of the most conspicuous violations of the Golden Rule in this free land of ours, resting' on the Declaration of Independence, which says all men are created equal, is connected with the race question," said Mr. Milner. "As Christians we claim that in Christ Jesus there is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female. In practice there is much of the old spirit that all people not of our nation or color are Gentiles and barbarians. Suppose men were saying: 'If I had been born with a black or yellow 'or red skin, how would I want white people to treat me?'" What the Negro thinks about it is shown in this poem: AT THE CLOSED GATE OF JUSTICE. JAMES D. Corrothers in the Century. To be a Negro in a day like this Demands forgiveness. Bruised with blow on blow. Betrayed, like Mm whose woe-dimmed eyes gave bliss. Still must one succor those who brought one low. To be a Negro in a day like this. To be a Negro in a day like this Demands rare patience—patience that can wait In utter darkness. 'T is the path to miss, And knock, unheeded, at an iron gate, To be a Negro in a day like this. To be a Negro in a day like this Demands strange loyalty. We serve a flag Which is to us white freedom's emphasis. Ah! one must love when truth and justice lag, To be a Negro in a day like this. To be a Negro in a day like this— Alas! Lord God. what evil have we done? Still shines the gate, all gold and amethyst, But I pass by, the glorious goal unwon, "Merely a Negro"—in a day like this! OPINION 	283 LYNCHING, lynching has gotten to the joke stage. The New York Sun laughs this way: "There was a mob in Spartanburg, S. C , the other night, a gathering of brave and spirited 'Anglo-Saxons' out for a social evening. A lynching bee; going to 'hang the Nigger.' He was in the jail charged, only charged, mind you, with assault on a white woman; hadn't even been identified by her; in short, a suspect, guilty of being colored. The sheriff of the county, William J. White, was in the jail, knew there was going to be trouble, telegraphed that illustrious statesman and pillar of the law, Cole Blease, governor. Blease can always put in his little jest at the right moment. Blease telegraphed that he would oblige by having the case tried at a special term of court called on September 1. Wh y should Governor Blease interfere with the pleasures of a bold and chivalrous people? "The wool-bat chivalry smashes in the jail gate, tosses dynamite over the wall. Sheriff White (by the way, he has a wife and a couple of sick children in the jail) steps forward into the place where the gate was. He has a gun; likewise a certain quiet resolution; speaks a little piece: " 'Gentlemen, I hate to do it, but so help me God I am going to kill the first man that enters.' "Nobody in that press of heroes cared to be that first man. 'He means it, boys,' said somebody in the crowd. He did mean it. Nobody dared to come in. The crowd wilted. "William J. White will never be re elected, we take it. He has killed himself politically by saving the life of that 'Nigger.' "Honor, beyond the breath of mobs or the votes of cowards, to that man of unshaken physical and moral courage!" The Penn Yan (N. Y.) Express smiles: "It is now known that a Negro who was recently lynched in Georgia because he was suspected of having committed a serious crime was innocent. But that matters little in the estimation of the high-toned gentlemen of the South. The Negro may have been guilty of some other offense; or, if he had lived, he might have committed some crime as serious as that with which he was erroneously charged. Verily, this is the land of the free and the home of the brave, and our government protects its subjects—when living in foreign countries." The Mobile Item is a bit more sober because it knows a scapegoat: "A n innocent Negro was lynched by a mob of the usual 'best citizens' at a town in Georgia on Tuesday, as the murderer of a wealthy planter. On the following day the real murderer was arrested and confessed the crime. A few hours after the lynching those who participated in it found evidence of the innocence of the Negro which would have been available to them when he was alive if they had made any effort to look for it. But mob law does not look for evidence—it wants a victim. In the frenzy of revenge the mob strikes first and thinks afterward. "The lynching of the Georgia Negro who had committed no crime is a commentary upon the utterances of such men as Governor Blease and Senator Vardaman, who would apply mob law to Negroes for felonious assaults on white women or children and attempt to draw the line there." Fred. A . Houston, a railwav CIVIL-SERVICE mail clerk at Sacramento, REFORM. CAL.,	 TH E DIS RECEIYED FRO M trict superintendent at San Francisco a letter reading: I have before me several cases regarding the unsatisfactory manner in which you perform the duties of your assignment. I also have several specific cases showing carelessness, lack of judgment and failure to perform duties of your assignment unless specifically told to do so in each instance. In addition to these your examination record is far below the average for this division. My purpose in writing to you is to inform you that it is my intention to recommend to the department that you be separated from this service. You will be given ten days in which to make any reply necessary why such action should not be taken. Very respectfully, A.	 H. STEPHENS, Supt. Per EDW. MCGRATH. Mr. Houston's average for the ten examinations from August 25, 1911, when he entered the service with a mark of 96.88, to June 30, 1913, when he received 99.88, is 98.6. On July 3, 191.3, he was "separated from the service," as he had not been able to make the "necessary reply why such action should not be taken" by the Negro-hating superior officials who could not, we fancy, write a letter like the account which TH E CRISIS this young man sends us of his experience. Our only regret is that his hope for justice at Washington is misplaced: For many years civil service or appointive positions under the United States government have been considered the highest and most exemplary kind of employment for Afro-Americans, possibly so because of the generally accepted idea that such employment was free from the prejudice and oppression so common among private employers. Of recent years, however, prejudice of a most virulent form has shown itself and from personal acquaintance with men in almost every branch of the service it has become a recognized menace in all the departments generally. While such actions may not be sanctioned by the heads of the department at Washington, petty officials in different districts and divisions with whom a person comes in direct contact are perfectly free to discriminate, issue orders or assignments of a discriminatory character as the ease may lie whenever their will dictates. The narration of my own experiences will, f trust, be of general interest to government employees, and railway mail clerks in particular. I might here add that the treatment accorded me could not possibly have been in retaliation for any political activities on my part, for I just reached my majority February 17 last, hence have taken no active part in politics. In explanation of the signatures to the correspondence above, the A . II. Stephens mentioned has since become general superintendent R. M. S., and Mr. McGrath has become division superintendent, the position made vacant by Mr. Stephens. It was during Mr. Stephens' absence, however, that I received the communication and I doubt if any such action would have been taken had he been in the office at that time, as Mr. Stephens had always impressed me as a very broad-minded man in both character and principle. The disadvantage in answering this correspondence is readily apparent, inasmuch as the complaint does not specify any particular charge nor when it occurred. In the absence of the original papers in the case, my request for them being turned down, I felt certain that 1 was to be removed no matter what my defense might be. However, I answered to the best of my ability, clearly setting forth my side of the affair, mentioning working conditions, length of time in service and. among other things, my intention to do my work conscientiously and willingly at all times. I do not contend that my record was perfect, but considering length of time in the service, I know to a certainty that it could not have been worse than that of the average clerk. I concluded my reply by asking that I be transferred to a railway post-office or postoffice in another division, but as a last resort requested to be allowed to resign, all of these requests being turned down. Now it is my contention that before an unbiased or unprejudiced person or persons the allegations mentioned in the acting superintendent's letter did not constitute sufficient and justifiable cause for my removal, and further, that I should have been allowed to transfer, or at least be given opportunity to resign. I believe any reasonably fair-minded person would have consented to one of these requests. M y examination record is as follows: Date of Examination Percentage August 25, 1911 96.88 October 2, 1911 98.14 October 23, 1911 97.81 February 7, 1912 97.93 March 7, 1912 100.00 September 6, 1912 98.57 November 16, 1912 97.57 December 18, 1912 99.58 April 8, 1913 99.64 .June 30, 1913 99.88 Of course charges of this kind must always be made by the superior officer under whose direct supervision a clerk must work. In my case charges were first reported by Dan C. Pettebone. chief clerk, who J understand is now connected with the railway mail service of Washington, D. C.. I doubt, however, if my replies or other papers in the case were submitted to the departmental office as is the proper procedure in removals or suspensions. When it becomes so that a petty official may at his own discretion make charges against an employee for personal dislike or for other causes of a purely personal nature with the added assurance that such recommendation is all that is accessary to accomplish the removal of the object of his wrath and not for reasons affecting his ability for the position he fills, unless some action or protest is made to champion the rights of industrial equality for the thousands of colored government employees, the government service, long recog nized as the standard of honesty, fairness and squareness to all its employees, will soon drop to a lower level than that of the private employer. EDITORIAL THE PRINCESS OF THE HITHER ISLES. HER soul was very beauti ful, wherefore she kept it veiled in lightly laced Humility and Fear, out of which peered anxiously ever and anon the white and blue and pale gold of her face—beautiful as daybreak or as the laughing of a child. She sat in the Hither Isles, well walled between the This and Now. upon a low and silver throne and leaned upon its armposts sadly looking upward toward the sun. Now the Hither Isles are flat and cold and swampy, with drear drab light and all manner of slimy, creeping things, and piles of dirt and clouds of flying dust and sordid scraping and feeding and noise. She hated them ; and ever as her hands and busy feet swept back the dust and slime, her soul sat silent, silver throned, staring toward the great hill to westward, which shone so brilliant golden beneath the sunlight and above the sea. The sea moaned and with it moaned the Princess' soul, for she was lonely; very, very lonely, and full weary of the monotone of life. So she was glad to see a moving in Yonder Kingdom on the mountain side where the sun shone warm, and when the King of Yonder Kingdom, silken in robe and golden crowned, warded by his hound, walked down along the restless waters and sat heside the armpost of her throne, she wondered why she could not love him and flv with him up the shining mountain's side out of the dirt and dust that nested between This and Now. She looked at him and tried to be glad, for he was bonny and good to look upon, this King of Yonder Kingdom: tall and straight, thin lipped and white and tawny. So again this last day she strove to burn life into his singularly sodden clay—to put his icy soul aflame wherewith to warm her own, to set his senses singing. Vacantly lie heard her winged words, staring and curling his long mustaches with vast thoughtfulness. Then he said: "We've found more gold in Yonder Kingdom. '' Hell seize your gold !'' blurted the Princess. '' No — it's mine,'' he maintained stolidly. She raised her eyes. " It belongs," she said, "to the Empire of the Sun." "Nay—the sun belongs to us," said the King calmly, ;is he glanced to where Yonder Kingdom blushed above the sea. She glanced, too, and a softness crept into her eyes. "No, no," she murmured, as with hesitating pause she raised her eyes above the sea. above the hill, up into the sky where the sun hung silent, splendid. Its robes were heaven's blue, lined and broidered in living flame, and its crown was one vast jewel glistening in glittering glory that made the sun's own face a blackness—the blackness of utter light. With blinded, tear-filled eyes she peered into that formless black and burning face and sensed in its soft. SHADOWS OF THE VEIL. THE FOUR SEASONS. 288 TH E CRISIS sad gleam unfathomed understanding. With sudden wild abandon she stretched her arms toward it appealing, beseeching, entreating, and lo! "Niggers and dagoes," said the King of Yonder Kingdom, glancing carelessly backward and lighting in his lips a carefully rolled wisp of fragrant tobacco. She looked back, too, but in half-wondering terror, for it seemed— A Beggar man was creeping across the swamp, shuffling through the dirt and slime. He was little and bald and black, rough clothed, sooted with dirt and bent with toil. Yet withal something she sensed about him, and it seemed— The King of Yonder Kingdom lounged more comfortably beside the silver throne and let curl a tiny trail of light blue smoke. " I hate Beggars." he said, "especially brown and black ones." And he then pointed at the Beggar's retinue and laughed—an unpleasant laugh welded of contempt and amusement. The Princess looked and shrank on her throne. He the • Beggar man was—was what ? But his retinue, that squalid, sordid particolored band of vacant, dull-faced filth and viciousness, was writhing over the land, and he and they seemed almost crouching underneath the scorpion lash of one tall skeleton that looked like Death, and the twisted woman whom men call Pain. Yet they all walked as One. The King of Yonder Kingdom laughed, but the Princess shrank on her throne and the King seeing her took a gold piece from out his purse and tossed it carelessly to the passing throng. She watched it with fascinated eves—how it rose and sailed and whirled and struggled in the air; then seemed to burst, and upward flew its sunlight and its sheen and downward dropped its dross. She glanced at the King, but he was lighting a match. She watched the dross wallow in the slime, but the sunlight fell on the back of the Beggar's neck and he turned his head. The Beggar, passing afar, turned his head, and the Princess straightened on her throne; he turned his head, and she shivered forward on her silver seat; he looked upon her full and slow and suddenly she saw within that formless black and burning face the same soft, sad gleam of utter understanding seen so many times before. She saw the suffering of endless years and endless love that softened it. She saw the burning passion of the sun and with it the cold unbending duty-deeds of upper air. All she had seen and dreamed of seeing in the rising, blazing sun she saw now again, and with it myriads more of human tenderness, of longing and of love. So then she knew. So then she rose as to a dream come true with solemn face and waiting eyes. With her rose the King of Yonder Kingdom, almost eagerly. "You'll come?" he cried. "You'll come and see my gold?" And then in sudden generosity he added: "You'll have a golden throne—up there, when we marry." But she. looking up and on with radiant face, answered softly: "I come.'' So down and up and on they mounted : the black Beggar and his cavalcade of Death and Pain, and then a space: and then a lone black hound that nosed and whimpered as he ran, and then a space; and then the King of Yonder Kingdom in his robes, and then a space; and last the Princess of the Hither Isles, with face set sunward and lovelight in her eyes. And so they marched and struggled on and up through endless years and spaces, and ever the black Beggar looked back past Death and Pain toward the maid, and ever the maid strove forward with lovelit eyes, but ever the great and silken shoulders of the King of Yonder Kingdom rose between the Princess and the sun like a cloud of storms. Now finally they neared unto the hillside's topmost shoulder, and there EDITORIAL most eagerly the King bent to the bowels of the earth and bared its golden entrails —all green and gray and rusted—while the Princess strained her pitiful eyes aloft to where the Beggar, set 'twist Death and Pain, whirled his slim back against the glory of the setting sun and stood, sombre in his grave majesty, enhaloed and transfigured, outstretching his long arms; and, around all Heaven, glittered jewels in a cloth of gold. A while the Princess stood and moaned in mad amaze, then with one wilful wrench she bared the white flowers of her breast and snatching forth her own red heart held it with one hand aloft while with the other she gathered close her robe and poised herself. The King of Yonder Kingdom looked upward quickly, curiously, still linger ing the earth, and saw the offer of her bleeding heart. "It's a Nigger." he growled darkly; "it may not be." The woman quivered. " It's a Nigger.'' he repeated fiercely. "It's neither God nor Man. but a Nigger.'" The Princess stepped forward. The King grasped his great sword and looked north and east; he raised his long sword and looked south and west. "I seek the sun," the Princess sang, and started into the west. '' Never I'' cried the King of Yonder Kingdom, "for such were blasphemy and defilement and the making of all evil." So raising his great sword he struck with all his might and more. Down hissed the blow and bit that little white heart-holding hand till it flew armless and disbodied up through the sunlit air. Down hissed the blow and clove the whimpering hound till his last shriek shook the stars. Down hissed the blow and rent the earth. It trembled, fell apart and yawned to a chasm wide as earth from Heaven, deep as hell, and empty, cold and silent. On yonder distant shore blazed the mighty Empire of the Sun in warm and blissful radiance; while on this side, in shadows cold ami dark, gloomed the Hither Isles and the hill that once was golden but now was green and slimy dross; all below was the sad and moaning sea, while between the Here and There flew the severed hand and dripped the bleeding heart. Then up from the soul of the Princess welled a cry of dark despair—such cry as only babe-raped mothers know, and murdered loves. Poised on the crumbling edge of that great nothingness the Princess hung, hungering with her eyes and straining her fainting ears against the awful splendor of the sky. Out from the slime and shadow's groped the King, thundering: "Back— don't be a fool!'' But down through the thin ether thrilled the still and throbbing warmth of heaven's sun whispering "Leap!" And the Princess leapt. THE SLATER BOARD. THE trustees of the John y^f^P^^J '• Slater Fund have be gun a new work which will be appreciated by all friends of the Negro race in America. For a long time the Slater board has given its chief attention to industrial training. The colored people have appreciated this, but they have seen the incomplete ness of this program. They have hoped that a national board, which demands efficient training in industrial and com mon school work, would give more and more attention to the training of men and women who can teach these branches and teach the teachers. Consider, for instance, the proposed program of the new State supervisor of rural and elementary schools in Georgia, lie proposes, the papers say, to train Negro children as servants and agricul tural laborers, to develop in them a "fixity" of determination to do this work and presumably to have little TH E CRISIS ambition beyond. Now the difficulty with this program is that it will need especially well-trained teachers to carry it through, and in Georgia these teachers must be colored teachers. On the other hand, the colored people themselves would by no means accept such a program. They demand well-trained colored teachers for the purpose of developing intelligent colored citizens. All parties, therefore, come to the same conclusion—the need of teachers. This need, especially in the rural districts, the Slater board is trying to supply by offering to appropriate $500 for colored county high schools, providing the county authorities appropriate at least a similar amount. The offer of the Slater board has already been accepted in Hempstead County, Ark., Sabine and Tangipahoa Parishes, La., and Newton County, Miss. In these four cases the Slater Fund has appropriated a total of $2,000, while local taxation and private subscriptions have appropriated $9,401. The work in this line is being pushed and great hope for the Negro race lies in the offer. It is to be trusted that the Slater board will not stop here, but will eventually take its legitimate place as the promoter and encourager of the higher training of colored Americans. THE BUSINESS LEAGUE. THE last meeting of the Negro Business League in Philadelphia was an excellent occasion. The attendance was large and the accomplishment was noteworthy. In two directions especially the league is doing excellent work. First, in encouraging thrift and saving and, secondly, in striking a strong, hopeful note. Despite this, however, the occasion must not be allowed to go by without a warning on two other points. First, the spirit of boasting and exaggeration and. secondly, the interpretation of business as a career of individual selfishness. The boasting and exaggeration at this last meeting of the league reached a danger point repeatedly. Statements were made on the floor as to earnings and accomplishments, which were either in wretched taste or careless exaggerations or indefensible lies. This sort of thing must be stopped if the business league is to keep the confidence of the public. Secondly, the business league must stop inculcating the theory that young Negroes take up a business career with the idea of making as much money as possible for themselves. Rather, it must emphasize business life among Negroes to-day as a philanthropy, as a means of group employment and group gain, not for making millionaires, but for making a large class of well-to-do citizens. As a matter of fact, despite our commendable economic striving, we are still in the mass poor and ignorant people. "We need a strong economic foundation, but we do not need to reproduce among ourselves in the twentieth century the hung, stealing and grafting which characterized the white race in the nineteenth century. THE CHURCH AND THE NEGRO. THE relation of the church to the Negro is, or should be. a very simple proposition. Leaving aside the supernatural significance of the church organization, we- have here groups of people working for human uplift and professing the highest and most unselfish morality as exemplified by the life and teaching of Jesus of Nazareth and the Golden Rule. By this standard all church members should treat Negroes as they themselves would wish to be treated if they were colored. They should do this and teach this and. if need be, die for this creed. The plain facts are sadly at variance with this doctrine. The church aided EDITORIAL and abetted the Negro slave trade; the church was the bulwark of American slavery; and the church to-day is the strongest seat of racial and color prejudice. If one hundred of the best and purest colored folk of the United States should seek to apply for membership in any white church in. this land tomorrow, 999 out of every 1,000 ministers would lie to keep them out. They would not only do this, but would openly and brazenly defend their action as worthy of followers of Jesus Christ. Yet Jesus Christ was a laborer and black men are laborers; He was poor and we are poor; He was despised of his fellow men and we are despised; He was persecuted and crucified, and we are mobbed and lynched. If Jesus Christ came to America He would associate with Negroes and Italians and working people; He would eat and pray with them, and He would seldom see the interior of the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine. Why then are His so-called followers deaf, dumb and blind on the Negro problem—on the human problem? Because they think they have discovered bypaths to righteousness which do not lead to brotherhood with the •poor, the dirty, the ignorant and the black. "Make them servants," they say; "we need cooks." But can a whole race be doomed to menial service in a civilization where menial service is itself doomed? And when menial service has become Service and lost its social stigma, so that white folk want to enter such service, will they welcome black folk as fellow servants? Certainly not; and thus the slavery argument of this cry stands revealed. "But," cry others, "let the Negroes themselves bear their own social responsibilities for poverty, ignorance and disease. Segregate them and pile their sins upon them." Indeed! Are the poor alone responsible for poverty? And the ignorant for ignorance? Can the rich be allowed to escape with his spoil and the learned without obligation for his knowledge?' If the black men in America are what they are because of slavery and oppression, how cowardly for white Christians to deny their own guilt. The real hypocrisy comes, however, when the Negro, eager to take responsibility, cries out for power with which to bear it and is denied such power. Denied higher training for his leaders, denied industrial opportunity to make a living, the self-assertion and self-defense of the ballot, denied even hospitals and common schools. Thus the church gaily tosses him stones for bread. Even the rock of "Science" on which the white church rested with such beautiful faith, hoping to prove the majority of humanity inhuman, so that Fifth Avenue Presbyterianism would not have to dirty its dainty fingers with Fifty-third Street Baptists—and black ones at that—even this Rock of Ages is falling before honest investigation. There is but the Golden Rule left— the despised and rejected Golden Rule. Can the church follow it? Is there common decency enough in the millions of white American church members to dare to treat Negroes as they would like to be treated if they themselves were colored? The Negro problem is the test of the church. THE BLACK FAIRY m By FENTON JOHNSON LITTLE Annabelle was lying on the lawn, a volume of Grimm before her. Anna belle was 9 years of age. the daughter of a colored lawyer, and the prettiest dark child in the village. She had long played in the fairyland of knowledge, and was far advanced for one of her years. A vivid imagination was her chief endowment, and her story creatures often became real flesh-and-blood creatures. "I wonder." she said to herself that afternoon, "if there is any such thing as a colored fairy? Surely there must be, but in this book they're all white." Closing the book, her eyes rested upon the landscape that rolled itself out lazily before her. The stalks in the cornfield bent and swayed, their tassels howling to the breeze, until Annabelle could have easily sworn that those were Indian fairies. And beyond lay the woods, dark and mossy and cool, and there many a some thing mysterious could have sprung into being, for in the recess was a silvery pool where the children played barefooted. A sum mer mist like a thin veil hung over the scene, and the breeze whispered tales of far-away lands. Hist! Something stirred in the hazel bush near her. Can I describe little Annabelle's amazement at finding in the bush a palace and a Tall and dark-faced fairy before it.' "I am Amunophis, the Lily of Ethiopia," said the strange creature. "And I come to the children of the Seventh Veil." She was black and regal, and her voice was soft and low and gentle like the Niger mi a summer evening. Her dress was the wing of the sacred beetle, and whenever the wind stirred it played the dreamiest of music. Her feet were bound with golden sandals, and on her head was a crown of lotus* leaves. "And you're a fairy'?" gasped Annabelle. "Yes, I am a fairy, just as you wished me to be. I live in the tall grass many, many miles away, wher e a beautiful river called the Niger sleeps." An d stretching herself beside Annabelle. on the lawn, the fairy began to whisper: "I have lived there for over 5,000 years. In the long ago a city rested there, and from that spot black m en an d women ruled the world. Great ships laden with spice and oil a n d wheat would come to its port, and would leave with wines and weapons of war and fine linens. Proud and THE BLACK FAIRY great were the black kings of this land, their palaces were build of gold, and I was the Guardian of the City. But one night when I was visiting an Indian grove the barbarians from the North came down and destroyed our shrines and palaces and took our people up to Egypt. Oh, it was desolate, and I shed many tears, for I missed the busy hum of the market and the merry voices of the children. "But come with me. little Annabelle, 1 will show you all this, the rich past of the Ethiopian." She bade the little girl to take hold of her hand and close her eyes, and wish herself in the wood behind the cornfield. Annabelle obeyed, and ere they knew it they were sitting beside the clear water in the pond. "You should see the Niger," said the fairy. "It is still beautiful, but not as happy as in the old days. The white man's foot has been cooled by its water, and the white man's blossom is choking out the native flower." And she dropped a tear so beautiful the costliest pearl would seem worthless beside it. "Ah ! T did not come to weep," she continued, "but to show you the past." So in a voice sweet and sad she sang an old African lullaby and dropped into the water a lotus leaf. A strange mist formed, and when it had disappeared she bade the little girl to look into the poo}. Creeping up Annabelle peered into the glassy surface, and beheld a series of vividly colored pictures. First she saw dark blacksmiths hammering in the primeval forests and giving tire and iron to all the world. Then she saw the gold of old Ghana and the bronzes of Benin. Then the black Ethiopians poured down upon Egypt and the lands and cities bowed and darned. Next she saw a great city with pyramids and stately temples. It was night, and a crimson moon was in the. sky. Red wine was flowing freely, and beautiful dusky maidens were dancing in a grove of palms. Old and young were intoxicated with the joy of living, and a sense of superiority could be easily traced in their faces and attitude. Presently red flame hissed everywhere, and the magnificence of remote ages soon crumbled into ash and dust. Persian soldiers ran to and fro conquering the band of defenders and severing the women and children. Then came the Mohammedans and kingdom on kingdom arose, and with the splendor came ever more slavery. The next picture was thai of a group of fugitive slaves, forming the nucleus of three tribes, hurrying hack to the wilderness of their fathers. In houses built as protection against the heat the blacks dwelt, communing with the beauty of water and sky and open air. ll was just between twilight and evening and their minstrels were chanting impromptu hymns to their gods of nature. And as she listened closely. Annabelle thought she caught traces of the sorrow songs in the weird pathetic strains of the African music mongers. From the East the warriors of the tribe came, bringing prisoners, whom they sold to white strangers from the West. "It is the beginning," whispered the fairy, as a large Dutch vessel sailed westward. Twenty boys and girls bound with strong ropes were given to a miserable existence in the hatchway of the boat. Their captors were strange creatures, pale and yellow haired, who were destined to sell them as slaves in a country cold and wild, where the palm trees and the cocoanut never grew and men spoke a language without music. A light, airy creature, like an ancient goddess, flew before the craft guiding it in its course. "That is I," said the fairy. "In that picture 1 am bringing your ancestors to America. It was my hope that in the new civilization I could build a race that would be strong enough to redeem their brothers. They have gone through great tribulations and trials, and have mingled with the blood of the fairer race; yet though not entirely Ethiopian they have not lost their identity. Prejudice is a furnace through which molten gold is poured. Heaven be merciful unto all races! There is one more picture—the greatest of all, but—farewell, little one, I am going." "Going?" cried Annabelle. "Going"?want to see the last picture—and when will you return, fairy?" "When the race has been redeemed. When the brotherhood of man has come into the world; and there is no longer a white civilization or a black civilization, but .the THE CRISIS civilization of all men. I belong to. the world council of the fairies, and we are all colors and kinds. Wh y should not men be as charitable unto one another? When that glorious time comes I shall walk among you and be one of you, performing my deeds of magic and playing with the children of every nation, race and tribe. Then, Annabelle, you shall see the last picture—and the best." Slowly she disappeared like a summer mist, leaving Annabelle amazed. CHILD LABOR IN THE SOUTH: A CAROLINA CANNING FACTORY. A GIRLS' CLUBHOUSE By JULIA CHILDS CURTIS YOUNG women coming to St. Louis will do well to call at the headquarters of the Y. W. C. A., Garrison and Pine Streets. They will help you." Such is the notice one may see in even" paper in St. Louis devoted to the welfare of the Negro. This notice has been appearing for only about a year, for the Y. W. C. A. is a very recent undertaking in St. Louis. For years the clubwomen have realized a crying need for a place in this great city where the stranger and unprotected colored girl might find safety and help. Having decided that the time was ripe for establishing such a place, they appealed to the National Y". W . C. A . to send one of its workers there to assist in the organization. ill's. Geo. Haynes of Nashville, Tenn., was sent in December, 1911, with the aid of the temporary organization and the combined effort of the St. Louis women in general, a three weeks' campaign for $3,000 was started. This amount was to be solicited from Negroes alone, for they wanted to test what the colored people were willing to do before asking aid from any other source. Although the amount asked was not secured, yet a great part of it was either given in cash or pledges payable in a year. The results of the campaign were so encouraging that it was felt safe to launch the new work in St. Louis. The temporary A GIRLS' CLUBHOUSE organization became permanent and a Wheatley became a branch of the Central branch of the National. Association of that city, the largest The National Association sent, in JanuY. W. C. A. in the world. This meant ary, 1912, one of its ablest and best that they must have a member of the Cenworkers, Miss May Belcher, to that field to tral on their board, that all their transacsuperintend the work and assist the women tions must bo subject to the Central's there in getting the association into working approval, and all the Wheatley debts were order. It is needless to make any comto be assumed by them in case they were ment upon this part ofassociation, for all whoin such work will knowwas to be accomplished. Through the kindness of Mrs. Chapman, a wealthy St. Louisiana, who had heard of the efforts being made by the colored women, a house for the use of the association was offered free for an indefinite length of time. The house was i n poo r condition, but after weeks and months of unselfish work and tireless effort by many of the women the building was opened to the public May 13, 1912. With its reception, club, reading, office and a few dormitory rooms, it offers shelter, aid and a home to many strange girls who have and are finding their way to St. Louis. Once installed in permanent quarters many thought the the history of the not able to be met. Be it said forever to have been engaged the credit of what a task there Y. W. C. A. that THE PHYLLIS real task was over, but in truth it had just begun. It was here that the president and board of managers had to show what they its debts assumed WHEATLEY HOUSE the Wheatley branch  it did not wish to have  by the Central. When the first year of its history closed, and members and friends o f th e association met to rejoice, every debt had been paid and there was $18 left in the treasury. The surplus was not great, but it was a surplus and encouraging. And now a word as to the work that the association has done and is doing. In its first year's existence the Wheatley branch was successful in forming several clubs among the girls and women in different sections of the city in order to meet the specific needs of the group and community. Among them was the first authorized group of camp-fire girls among colored people in the world. We regret that this group in costume cannot just now be sent the readers of THE CRISIS, but some time you may sec a were willing to do. Some of the board mempart of the group as they looked just before bers dropped out, but the national secretary, going upon the association's tennis court a Miss Belcher, the president, Miss Arsania few days ago. Williams, and the remaining faithful mem The gardening work among the younger bers worked on. The work of the individual girls is most helpful and greatly enjoyed. committees was almost lost sight of in the The opening of two fine tennis courts in effort to raise the necessary funds and keep different parts of the city has given the the association alive. older girls a pleasure which the city itself After a few months' existence the denies to its Negro inhabitants. No col TH E CRISIS cued person may get a permit to play on a public tennis court in the city of St. Louis. The work among' the juniors is being ably done by some of the best association workers. It is truly inspiring to watch large crowds of them as they gather weekly for the story hour, lessons in sewing, basketry, or the making of something to be used later at some one of their parties. A pleasant picture was made by a group of them, as they gathered for their Easter party, around a table decorated by articles which they had made. Mothers' clubs have been organized in several communities', they are well attended and seem to be highly appreciated. At t he building, during the winter months, there were regular classes in dressmaking, lacemakiug and embroidery, china painting, choral work, some English work, Bible and mission study. Three public affairs of the highest character were given during the year, viz.: A n evening with Coleridge-Taylor, the Du Bois lecture and an operetta by the juniors, entitled " A Fete in Towerland." The association work has meant and does mean much to St. Louis, and will, indeed, mean more as it grows stronger and more self-supporting. It has grown very rapidly, so much so that the Central last month came to the aid and offered to assume the national secretary's salary for six months in order that we might employ an assistant secretary, which was very quickly done. One of the Central members expressed quite well the rapid growth when she said: ''A year ago you started to lift a calf and now you have a full-grown animal to lift over the fence." The best part of this year's work, however, is that part which can neither be expressed in words nor writing. It is that which one feels. The changed attitude of the people, the unselfishness and sympathy among the workers, the willingness of both men and women to not only give financial support, but moral also. We hope the day is not long off when there will be .the necessary means available for doing this work on the grand scale upon which" it should be done, for St. Louis is the best situated city in the country for such a work. PLACE OF THE NATIONAL EMANCIPATION EXPOSITION, NEW YORK CITY. OCTOBER 22-31. THREE EXPOSITIONS THEthree expositions to he held this fall commemorat ing the fiftieth anniversary of the issuing of the eman cipation proclamation are Hearing completion. The Philadelphia Slate Exposition opened September 1") in a group of several buildings, which are being hurried toward completion. Governor Tener spoke that day, and there were historical floats. A religious congress was held September It), and a sociological congress, September IS and lib a medical congress, September 23 and 24. The New Jersey State Exposition will open October l&gt; at Atlantic City. The organizers were appointed September 1, 1912, to carry out the work tor which it was created. They divided the State among themselves in order to systematize the work, and while it may have occurred that there was some neglect of duty it can be stated that no set of people, as a whole, have more conscientiously and faithfully performed their* work. The organizers have traveled over 20.(100 miles, holding meetings, gathering statistics and soliciting exhibits from very nearly every city, town and rural district of the State. In some of the larger cities the work has been difficult for two reasons: first, because each place has its own local interests which come first, and, second, because in a few instances men who consider themselves leaders felt they had not had the recognition their standing and importance demanded. Notwithstanding this, there have been almost everywhere loyal race men who have taken the matter up. and wherever the masses could be reached they have responded. The plan has been to organize leagues; thirty-seven of such groups have been formed; these in turn appoint committees on trades, inventions, needlework, millinery, dressmaking, tailoring, professions, business, real estate, music, education, etc.; in addition to this, inquiry blanks were sent out to ministers, teachers, farmers, business men, fraternal organizations, aged persons and Grand Arm y veterans, which have brought in an array of facts which will he shown on chart at the exposition. Beside all this the organizers, as far as they have been able, have made house-to-house canvasses with good results. The national exposition to be held in New York City will lake place in I he 12th Regiment armory, in the very center of the city, only a half block from Broadway. The exposition will be divided into fifteen parts: 1. The industries of Africa. 2. The distribution of the Negro race throughout the world. 3. The health and physique of the Negro. 4. The work of Negro laborers. 5. The work of Negro artisans. (i. Negro clothesmakers, including all sorts of sewing. 7. Negro artisans. 8. Negro in business. 0. Agriculture. 10. Manufactures and inventions. 11. The professions, including the Hall of Fame. 12. Education. 13. Church. 14. Women and social uplift. 15. Art. These departments will be illustrated by maps and charts, models of buildings, statues, model rooms, photographs, gardens and flowers, artisans at work, a moving-picture show with special films and, above all, a pageant illustrating the history of the Negro race. The music for the pageant has been written by Major Charles Young of the United States army. Charles Burroughs is master of the pageant, assisted by Mrs. Daisy Tapley in music and Mis. Dora Cole-Norman in dancing. The program, by days, is as follows: Wednesday, October 22—Opening day. From Friday to Monday—Governor's day and congresses. Saturday, October 25—Athletic meet. Friday, October 31—Closing day and final concert. The pageant "il l be given Thursday, October 23; Saturday afternoon, October 25; Tuesday. October 28, and Thursday, October 30. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE TO THE PRESIDENT. New York, August 15, 1913. TO WOODROW WILSON, President of the United States. DEAR MR. PRESIDENT: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, through its board of directors, respectfully protests against the policy of your administration in segregating the colored employees in the departments at Washington. It realizes that this new and radical departure has been recommended, and is now being defended, on the ground that by giving certain bureaus or sections wholly to colored employees they are thereby rendered safer in possession of their offices and are less likely to he ousted or discriminated against. We believe this reasoning to be fallacious. It is based on a failure to appreciate the deeper significance of the new policy; to understand how far reaching the effects of such a drawing of caste lines by the Federal government may be, and how humiliating it is to the men thus stigmatized. Never before has the Federal government discriminated against its civilian employees on the ground of color. Every such act heretofore has been that of an individual State. The very presence of the Capitol and of the Federal flag has drawn colored people to the District of Columbia in the belief that living there under the shadow of the national government itself they were safe from the persecution and discrimination which follow them elsewhere, because of their dark skins. To-day they learn that, though their ancestors have fought in every war in behalf of the United States, in the fiftieth year after Gettysburg and emancipation, this government, founded on the theory of complete equality and freedom for all citizens, has established two classes among its civilian employees. It has set the colored apart as if mere contact with them were contamination. The efficiency of their labor, the principles of scientific management are disregarded, the possibilities of promotion, if not now, will soon be severely limited. To them is held out only the prospect of mere subordinate routine service without the stimulus of advancement to high office by merit, a right deemed inviolable for all white natives as for the children of the foreign born, of Italians, French and Russians, Jews and Christians who are now entering the government service. For to such limitation this segregation will inevitably lead. Who took the trouble to ascertain what our colored clerks thought about this order, to which their consent was never asked? Behind screens and closed doors they now sit apart as though leprous. Men and women alike have the badge of inferiority pressed upon them by government decree. How long will it be before the hateful epithets of "Nigger" and "Jim Crow" are openly applied to these sections? Let any one experienced in Washington affairs or any trained newspaper correspondent answer. The colored people themselves will tell you how soon sensitive and high-minded members of their race will refuse to enter the government service which thus decrees what is to them the most hateful kind of discrimination. Indeed, there is a widespread belief among them that this is the very purpose of these unwarrantable orders. An d wherever there THE N. A. A. C. P. are men who rob the Negroes of their votes, who exploit and degrade and insult and lynch those whom they call their inferiors, there this mistaken action of the Federal government will be cited as the warrant for new racial outrages that cry out to high Heaven for redress. Who shall say where discrimination once begun shall cease? Who can deny that every act of discrimination the world over breeds fresh injustice? For the lowly of all classes you have lifted up your voice and not in vain. Shall ten millions of our citizens say that their civic liberties and rights are not safe in your hands? To ask the question is to answer it. They desire a ''New Freedom," too, Mr . President, yet they include in that term nothing else than the rights guaranteed them by the Constitution under which they believe they should be protected from persecution based upon a physical quality with which Divine Providence has endowed them. They ask, therefore, that you, born of a great section which prides itself upon its chivalry toward the humble and the weak, prevent a gross injustice which is an injus tice none the less because it was actuated in some quarters by a genuine desire to aid those now discriminated against. Tours, for justice, THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOB THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. By MOORFIELD STOREY, President. W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, Director of Publicity. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Chairman of the Board. SEGREGATION. THE above letter was released to the •*• Associated Press on August 18. It was also sent with a request for personal co-operation to all members of the National Association, to 338 colored newspapers, 50 white religious papers, and to a number of prominent editors. Each branch was requested to hold a mass meeting of protest, and already several have reported preparations for such meeting's as well under way. Many papers published the letter in full, several carried it as a news item and there has been considerable encouraging editorial comment quoted from elsewhere in these columns. Letters from members in Washington say that though • the discrimination signs have been taken down in the Treasury Department, the segregation order is still in force. A resolution protesting against segregation has been introduced into the Senate by Senator Clapp, the good friend of the association. m BRANCHES. BALTIMORE.—In addition to the •"•^ branches already mentioned in THE CRISIS as having generously responded to our request for contribution to the new lawyer's salary, Baltimore has just sent her contribution of $100. The branch is now planning a mass meeting for October, at which Mr. Villard will be one of the speakers. MUSKOGEE. — The constitution of the Muskogee branch has been approved. The names of the officers will be printed in the next number of TH E CRISIS. TOPEKA.—The officers of the Topeka branch, which is planning an active campaign for the coming year, are: President, Hon. Arthur Capper; secretary, Mrs. Julia B . Roundtree; treasurer, Rev. Geo. G. Walker; executive committee, Prof. Nathaniel Sawyer, Capt. Patrick Coney, Mr. James H . Guy, Rev. C. G. Fishback, Dr. 0. A. Taylor and Mr. A. G. Hagan. INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS OF HYGIENE ON SCHOOL HYGIENE. Mr. James Clarke has represented our association at the International Congress of Hygiene on School Hygiene. He delivered his lecture each day and illustrated it with charts and photographs showing Southern conditions. A FABLE By JACOB RIIS I WANT to tell you now a story which comes out of the old Russian folklore. A woman had lain in torment a thousand years. One day she raised her head and called up to the Lord to let her come out because she could not stand it another minute. The Lord heard and looked down and said to her: "Have you ever done one unselfish thing in your life, without hope of praise or reward of any kind?" The woman groaned because she had lived a life of selfishness, and the Lord said: "Here is your only chance." Then the old woman remembered one unselfish thing she had done, and said: "I gave an old man a carrot and he thanked me for it." The Lord said: "Where is that carrot? Bring it here." "But," said the old woman, "it is a long time, and the carrot must have rotted before now." "No," said the Lord, "even one unselfish deed could not perish." He said to an angel: "Go find the carrot and bring it here." The angel went and brought the carrot and the Lord held it over the bottomless pit and let it down. When it reached the woman the Lord said : "Cling to it," and she clung to it and felt herself being drawn up. When the other souls in hell saw her being pulled out and that they were being left behind they made for her and clung to her arms, and to her feet, and to her garments, and instead of one woman being drawn up there rose up a never-ending chain of wretched, writhing, shouting humanity. The woman was half way to Heaven when she looked down and saw this great crowd hanging on. to her. She feared the carrot would break. The old selfish anger rose up. She kicked and beat them off, crying: "Let go! This is my carrot!" A t that moment the carrot broke and down she went. This is like saying "M y Father" instead of "Our Father." You cannot enter Heaven this way. You must go in with your neighbor on the other side. Isn't that the way we have been dealing with the color problem? Is the republic of America "my carrot" any more than it is his, my black brother's? He has done his share. He has helped this republic to grow with the sweat of his brow without any reward of any kind. He has lived for it, fought for it and died for it. It is his by right. THE AFTER THOUGHT THUS ends the Children's Number of THE in the sunlight and raise our faces to the CRISIS, in the year of salvation 1913 blue sky, and in the midst of affliction and and in the year of the freedom of their oppression thank God for light and air and fathers the fiftieth. Wherefore let us stand laughter and little children. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 301 Publishers' Chat Our edition this month is 35,000 — the highest point reached by our publication. Our aim for this year is 50,000. The November CRISIS will be the Exposition Number. 1 FREE SUIT Free Overcoat IE Free Outfit and $60a WEEK N o matter what line of business you are in—what kind of a job you hold— what other line you are handling—or how much money you are making you simply can't afford to pass up this amazingly sensational and wonderfully liberal offer. No other tailoring concern ill the world is in a position or can afford to duplicate this offer. We put you in business'on our capital—make you a swell suit and overcoat FREE— make it so easy for you to succeed that you simply an't help earning $60 a week and more. Outfits Cost Us $76,000 Listen! This is the most gorgeously stupendous Agent's Outfit ever conceived and executed by the skill of man! Cost us $76,000—yet it costs you only 1 cent for a postal to get one. Our famous Book of Gold, Masterpiece Edition shows 96 fashions, 220 samples—all different—all distinctive. Complete outfit—biggest and most magnificent ever produced—everything you need FREE and beside you get Your Swell Suit snd Overcoat Free Made to your own measure from style and fabric selected by you. Makes you the swellest dressed man in town. Everybody wants up-to-date clothes like yours, and orders pour in to you. We prepay all express charges. You take no risk. $5,000 guarantee bond behind every garment —money back if not perfectly satisfactory. No money-no experience necessary. Snappy selling helps and valuable presents for your customers—everything FREE and sent at once. Write today—a postal will do. Great Central Tailoring Co. Dept. 756 Chicago, 111* Homes in Long Island! Few people realize the wonderful possibilities of Long Island property, the rapid growth of that section of the city and its wonderful future. WE ARE SELLING GOOD HOMES IN CORONA, with all improvements, only five cents carfare to New York. Corona is in the very center of Greater New York, and in a few months will be reached by the rapid transit lines of Manhattan, giving to the people of that section of the city a five-cent carfare to any section of Manhattan. The only place within thirty minutes of Times Square, Grand Central Station or the Pennsylvania Station, where the man of small means can get a modern home with all improvements at a moderate cost. We would be glad to have you visit Corona at our expense. Corona is one of the highest elevations in New York City, has an excellent car service, good schools, excellent water supply and the best place in all New York for children. For full particulars as to price and terms address L. S. REED &amp; COMPANY 142 Hunter Avenue --- Long Island City Some choice investment lots for $50 on reasonable terms THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, EOc each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor KELSEY'S day and night. Pupils taught at home, il desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Morningside 8162 booklet. Mme. A Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel 143 West 131st St. A Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW YORK When Buying Hair Goods ask your dealer for Green's Creole hair. It not only keeps the crimp, but is the best on the market. If your dealer cannot furnish you with our goods, send your order direct to us and we will be pleased to fill it. Switches, puffs, pompadours, transformations and anything pertaining to hair goods. 18-inch 1-stem Switches $ .50 18-inch 3-stem Switches 75 ^4-ounce 3-stem Switches 1.00 22-inch Switches 1.50 24-inch Switches 2.00 26-inch Switches 2.50 28-inch Switches 3.00 These prices not including gray hair. Our workmanship is the best, and we feel sure that after using our grade of goods, we will have you as our regular customer. Send in your samples. Perfect match guaranteed. If not satisfactory we will refund your money. GREEN'S HAIR GOODS CO. Room 58 6 West Randolph Street Chicago, 111. MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Onl y No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade $65.00 A Value Unequaleil. Solil on $1.00 Profit Margin prom Factory to User "Write for prices anil other styles. Send for catalogue. C.	 R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS. Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern in the United States. THE EQUITABLE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF OKLAHOMA Incorporated and licensed by the Insurance Department of the State of Oklahoma to write life, health and accident insurance on the level premium basis. No assessments. Address Home Office Peoples Bank &amp; Trust Company Bldg. Muskogee Oklahoma THE TEXARKANA GRUB-AX A paper for the masses as well as for the classes. Primarily It is a home paper, as It appeals to every member of the family. Subscription price, $1 the year. Rev. J. H. CLAYBORN, Editor and Manager 119 E. 9th Street Texarkana, Ark. "Phones: Residence, 515; Office, 642; Hospital, 403. DR. J. R. SHEPPARD Physician and Surgeon Chief surgeon and superintendent of Sheppard Sanitarium and Nurse Training School. Marshall Texas 'Phones: Residence, 159; Office, 462. DR. P. L. HARROLD Physician and Surgeon Practicing Physician of Wiley University and King Home Marshall Texai DR. O. LOYATUS BLEDSOE Medicine and Surgery Office, McPhail Bldg., Ill'/a W. Houston Avenue Residence, 727 W. Grand Avenue Marshall, Tex. Long distance 'phone 2008. FRED. T. JONES, M. D. Founder and House Surgeon of Mercy Sanitarium Office, 852 Texas Avenue . . . . Shreveport, La. 'Phone 854. CENTRAL PHARMACY DRUG STORE Recently Installed new and modern equipments. The most up-to-date colored drug store In East Texas. Orders by mall or 'phone receive prompt attention. Wheel delivery. 213 State Street Texarkana, Tex, THE 0. K. SHINING PARLOR For Ladies and Gentlemen Excellent service. The most up-to-date parlor In th» city. Also clothes cleaned and pressed. All work guaranteed. 3l4'/2 W. Broad Street Texarkana, Tex. R. L, D. EASLEY handles life, health and accident Insurance for old. reliable companies of New York and Chicago. Write or call 1225 Phenia Ave., Texarkana, Tex. For auto service or physician call DR. J. W. LONG Office, 218 W. Broad Street; New 'Phone 976 Residence, 1508 North Street; New 'Phone 955 Texarkana	 Texas 'Phones: Residence, New 831; Old 964. Office, New 854; Old 973. DR. G. U. JAMISON Physician and Surgeon 213 State Street Texarkana, Tex. 'Phones 973 and 1472. DR. HARVEY SPARKS Physician and Surgeon Office over Central Pharmacy . . . Texarkana, Tex. 'Phones: Residence, 86; Office, 69. DR. T. E. SPEED Physician and Surgeon National Grand Master U. B. F. &amp; S. M. T.: Grand Medical Director K. of P. lodges of Jurisdiction of Texas; Dean Nurse Training Department, Bishop College. Jefferson Texai Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. FRANKLIN W. WILLIAMS Attorney and Counselorat Law Notary Public Real Estate Conveyancer 206 Parrieh Street Durham, N. C. Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone, 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Rooms 613-611, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counaelor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie HawkinB George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M. Residence, New 733-A. THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio William H. Austin Edmund O. Austin Law Offices of AUSTIN &amp; AUSTIN St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, New York Suite 7—H, I, J, K Telephones: 7400, 5365, 5366 Cortlandt LEGAL DIRECTORY—Continued m ,„v„„. f Central 104W Telephones: ( Muin (;1 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Publio 1607 Williamson Bldg. Cleveland, O. Telephone 5552 Cedar R/O. LEE' Attorney and Couuselor-at-Law Practice in All Courts 25 and 26 Union Block, 4th &amp; Cedar, St. Paul, Minn. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 West 135th Street, New York City Telephone 4885 Mornlngslde DR. D. W. ONLEY Surgeon Dentist S. W. Cor. 133d St. and Lenox Ave., New York Office Hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 1 to 9 p. m. Sundays by Appointment Telephone 4048 Prospect JOHN B. MOSELEY REAL ESTATE and INSURANCE 640 Fulton Street Brooklyn, N. Y. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class Service for First-class People 3252 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, 111. UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbue 3935 Open All Nigh. RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertaken and Embalmers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 Wait 53d Street ' New York, N. V. Between Broadway and 8th Avenue ARCHITECTS TANDY &amp; FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Cor. 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington, N. C. WILLIAM L. BELL Architect 138^2 Auburn Avenue --- Atlanta, Ga. Mention TH E CRISIS. 304 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TH E NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR TH E ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OFFICES: 26 Vesey Street, New York. Incorporated May 25, 191 1 OFFICERS National President—Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston, Chairman of the Board of Directors— Mass. Mr. Oswald Garrison ViUard, New York. Vice-Presidents— Treasurer—Mr. Walter E . Sachs, New York. Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York. Mr. John E . Milholland, New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. Rev. Garnet R. Waller, Baltimore, Md. National Organizer—Dr. M . C. B. Mason, Cincinnati. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. This is the Association which seeks to put into practice the principles which TH E CRISIS puts into words. If you believe what we SAY, join this Association and help us to put our words into DEEDS. MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR TH E ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me TH E CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to TH E CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $2 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEARN TO READ MUSIC AT SIGHT For $1.00 One copy of any of the following included: Educated Frog, Octoroon, New Century March, New Century Waltz, Anthem Collection, Song Service; or whole list for $2. Music published or arranged for publication. "Smith's Orchestra" HIGH-CLASS MUSIC REPRESENT ING OUR OWN COMPOSERS Smith's Sight Reader, 50c copy. "Emancipation Hymn, " single copy 5c; per doz., 55c; per 100, $4.35, prepaid. Band and Orchestra arrangement, 50c a copy. Positions at actual pitch for Cornets, Altos, Trombones, Valve and Slide, scales and valuable hints. Never been offered before by anyone; to anyone. "We've Walked Side by Side" (Song Bring Back My Childhood Days) 25c Song Service for Sunday Schools 10c Anthem Book 25c Marches for Piano 25c * 'Delaware Triumph,'' ' 'Delaware College,1' ' 'Lovers' Retreat,'1 ' 'Tuskegee March" (To Dr. B. T. Washington), String Quartettes, Violin and Piano selections, Violin "positions'' and scales; instruction diagrams for 'Cello and Bass, Viola and Piano. Send cash with order. Published by WM. D. SMITH 1547 North Camac St. Philadelphia, Pa. Telephone Connection "DEACON" JOHNSON (That Cheerful Entertainer) Leader, Mandolin and Second Tenor with THE "DEACON" JOHNSON QUARTET Montreal New York Philadelphia Permanent Address: Times Sq. Sta., Box 317, New York City MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements solicited. Students given special training in the Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, English Grammar and Rhetoric. Terms Reasonable. Telephone Morningside 9045 Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City CONCERT SOLOIST LUL A ROBINSON-JONES Soprano For terms write 32 West 131st Street, New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August. Box 26. Wllberforce University Wllberforce, O. A Book of Exceptional Interest to Readers of TH E CRISIS LIBERIA Descriptive — History — Problems By FREDERICK STARR of the University of Chicago No other book like it. Buy it. Read it. Talk about it. Sent postpaid for $1.10 postal money order. Address FREDERICK STARR 5541 Drexel Avenue - - - Chicago, 111. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address: DEPARTMENT OF SOCIOLOGY Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 244 West 143d Street New York, N. Y. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L . Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts. Cincinnati, Ohio TYPEWRITERS Agents' Prices One machine at wholesale price to introduce our goods. Bargains in every make. Typewriters for $5.00 up. STANDARD TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE 31-B Park Row New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The very Business Opportunity for which YO U have been looking may possibly he here on this page. SELLS LIKE HOT CAKES Agents wanted everywhere to sell this ironing wax in pad form. It perfumes the clothes with a lasting violet perfume. WAX-IN-PAD MANUFACTURERS Lynbrook New York SUITABLE BOOKS for HOLIDAY GIFTS Address TH E CRISIS 26 Vesey Street --- New York IF NOT, WHY NOT? Own a Home in the North We have an increasing demand for ambitious, progressive colored people who are seeking homes in the North. We are the medium through which these demands can be supplied. Only such as can satisfy us that they are desirable will be considered. Before locating be sure you get our Property Bulletin. It's free for the asking. P. H. SYKES, Real Estate Broker Cor. 19th and Ellsworth Streets Philadelphia, Pa. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE , than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENT S for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla, $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War'' combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street New York Beautiful, Artistic Post Cards and Art Calendars of Negro Subjects Advance sale of Thanksgiving, Christmas and Xew Year cards. We announce the sale of calendars and post cards of Negro subjects. Works of real art dune in colors. Catalog just out. Contains confidential prices to agents and retailers. Samples of calendars and post cards sent for 35 cents, money order. Stamps not accepted. J. GRIFFITH ART COMPANY 36-38 Beekman Street New York JUST THINK O F I T Gordon Safety Razors made to retail for 25c. Shavei as smoothly as some of the high-priced razors Splendid seller. Will last a lifetime. Sample, 10c. GORDON COMPANY Northwestern Building Chicago, 111. WANTED—ONE MAN OR WOMAN IN EVERY locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best paying small business on earth I Few dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particulars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. START A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN We want live, hustling men and women in every village, town and city to start a big successful business of their own. Experience not needed; we teach you the business. If you have the real will power you can have an independent business that will pay you from $75 to $100 per month. Write to-day before some one in your territory gets ahead of you. Just inclose a 2-cent stamp for particulars. A. BLOUNT &amp; COMPANY Washington -- N. C. Statement of the Ownership, Management, etc., of TH E CRISIS, published monthly at 26 Vesey Street, New York, required by the act of August 24, 1912. Editor and Business Manager, W. E . B. Du Bois, 26 Vesey Street. Xew York City. Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 2 6 Vesey Street, Xew York City. Owners: The National- Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a' corporation with no stock. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders, holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities, none. Average number of copies of each issue of this publication sold or distributed, through the mails or otherwise, to paid subscribers during the six months preceding the date of this statement, 22,400. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Sworn to and subscribed before me this twenty-second day of March, 1913. ROBERT N. WOOD, Notary Public, TSeal] New York County. Mention T H r. CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER $60 A WEEK and EXPENSES That's the money you can get this year, I mean It. I wiint County Dales Managers quick, men or women who bollovo In the square deal, who will go Into partnership with mo. No capital or experience needed. My folding Bath Tub has taken the country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing, no water works required. Full length Imth In any roimi. Folds In small roll, handy as an umbrella. 1 tell you It's ureal I GREA T I Rivals $100 bath room. Now listen! I wain You to handle your county. I'll furnish demonstrating tub free. I'm positive—absolutely cortaln—you can get bigger money In u week with me than you ever made In a month before—I KNOW IT! TWO SALES A DAY—$300 A MONTH That's what you get—every mouth. NeedotI In ovwiy h«»mo, badly wanted, eagerly bought. Modem buthing facilities for all tin* peoplo. Tako the orders ii In anil loft. ' tuf sales, Immi-nse profits. Look ut these men. Eunkle, Ohio, received $240 first week; Mathlas. Florida, $120 In two days; Corrlgan, Now York, .fill In 00 hours; Newton, California, Son in three days. You can do as well TWO YOU! BALES A DAY MEANS $300 A MONTH. The work la very easy, pleasant, pormanonL, fascinating. It means a business Of your own. I grant credit, furnish sample, help you out, back you up— don't dnubt, don't hetdtate. don't hold back. You cannot lose. My other men aru building homes, bank accounts, BO ean you. Art, then, quirk. SEND NO MONEY. Just name on penny post card for free tub offer. Hustle! YES.Y0U CAN GET IT 1 H. S. ROBINSON DEMONSTRATING President TUB FREE 111 Vance St., Toledo, O The Colored Doll Is a Live One For emancipation celebrations, bazaars, fairs and the holiday trade. Children are going wild about the beautiful E. M. S. Colored Dolls. The dolls have becoming features, are light brown in color, have jointed limbs and eyes that open and shut. Imported by us, and endorsed by the leading clergymen and educators. Best and cheapest. Send for catalog. Agents wanted. Can make big profit. E. M. S. NOVELTY CO., Dept. A, Jamaica, N. Y. Agents, Look! $60.00 WEEK Selling our Beacon Lights, W. E. Burg hardt Du Bois, Booker T. Washington, Little Shepherd and 12 other Negro pictures. Exclusive territory given. Por traits, 16 x 20 frames, 14 cents. Pillow tops Address BERLIN ART ASSOCIATION (Established 1898) Department C 233 North Fifth Ave., Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Madame, use your spare time selling my Princess Hair Oil and Toilet Preparations. They are all first-class goods. Write for terms. JAMES T. EARLE P. O. Box 390 ---- Newport, R. I. WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FRE E Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROL D COLEMA N Blackdom---- New Mexico MILES M. WEBB Chicago's Expert Photographer The new odorless disinfectant at less than one-quarter cent per gallon. Safe, efficient, economical. The only disinfectant that absolutely destroys any odor without leaving another. "U-Zit" is just starting. Start with it. Antiseptic and harmless. One teaspoonful makes three gallons. Hot or cold water. "U-Zit" for scrubbing. "U-Zit" for dishwashing. "U-Zit" for cleaning woodwork, windows, refrigerators. "U-Zit" for thoroughly disinfecting toilets, etc. "U-Zit" for cleaning the barn, dairies, etc. "U-Zit" to kill all germs and better preserve health. "U-Zit" is guaranteed to be as represented or money refunded. Sample test free. Can we be of service to you? Personal references given. "U-Zit" is put up in cans and retailed for the small sum of $1 per pound. Special five-pound can, $4, F. O. B. Chicago. Terms, thirty days. Address U-ZIT SPECIALTIES CO. 3726 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, 111. TheLoyal Knights and Ladies of Malachites is incorporated under the laws of the District of Columbia. Itsobjectistocombine the Negroes of the world for their mutual advancement along industrial and commerciallines. It also stands for the full enjoyment by the Negro of his Hranrl ^iinromfi civil and political rights, rlorrfnp This movement is internauovernor tional in its scope; we have lodges not only in the United States but in Jamaica, B."W. I • Colon, BocasdelToro, Panama (Canal Zone) and Costa Rica. It is a dark day for the Negro and he must come together. Race movements have failed because our people were told that by contributing thereto the race only would be benefited, but no tangible individaal benefits were offered. By our plan the member pays 35c. per month in the Association and receives $4.00 per week sick benefits and $100 at death. We not only look after the race but each individual member as well. A big convention is soon to beheld here. We want a lodge in every village, hamlet and town and a delegate to be sent to this convention. Organizers wanted everywhere. For full particulars, write KNIGHTS OF MALACHITES 1111 You St. N. W. Washington, D. C.J WANTED I specialize in every phase of artistic picture making Send me your photos for enlargement. Prices reasonable Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work Satisfaction guaranteed. 'Phone 6688 Douglass WEBB STUDIO Address 3519 State Street Chicago, 111. 26 Vesey Street, New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Life of NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY By MAUD CUNEY HARE (His daughter) Would you like to read about a red-blooded man who was one of the great leaders of Negro Americans? Would you like to inspire your children with the life of this "Tribune of the Black People"? 8vo; 250 pages. Postpaid, $1.50. Best terms to agents. Published to-day. THE CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 26 Vesey Street . . . . . . New York The New Jersey State Emancipation Exposition A Jubilee Festival and Exposition to be held in Exposition Hall, Kentucky Avenue and Boardwalk, Atlantic City, October 6th to October 12th, inclusive. All manner of exhibits in industries, trades, handicrafts, women's work, fine and practical arts, mementos, antiques and curios. Featured exhibit, by charts, photographs and special exhibits of the condition and progress of the New Jersey Xegro, including all phases of the business, professional, industrial, social, religious and home life of the race. Special days and features: Fraternity day, with exhibition drills by uniformed orders; women's and home day, and women's congress; business men's and farmers' conferences; a religious day, with, sermons and addresses; an educational and professional day, with teachers' conference and school-children's festival; an athletic meet; a special day of recollections for personal experiences of slavery, war times and historical events'. Prizes and awards: Amateur and professional contests in many lines. A grand musical festival throughout the week, participated in by a mass chorus of 1,000 voices, a juvenile chorus of 500, assisted by many noted soloists, and an augmented orchestra of 30, with concerts daily. N. B.—Send all exhibits, which will be insured and cared for, C. O. D. by Adams or United States Express or by Parcels Post, care of Exposition Building, Kentucky Avenue and Boardwalk, Atlantic City, N. J. Applications for booths and space for business, selling or advertisement should be made to the CHIEF ORGANIZER Rooms 105-6, American Mechanic Building, TRENTON , N. J. Mention TH E CRISIS. 310 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HAZEL The Story of a Little Colored Girl By MARY WHITE OVINGTON Author of "Half a Man" Hazel Price $1.00 net. Postage prepaid, $1.08. For sale through our agents and at TH E CRISIS office. CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPAN Y 26 VESEY STREET NEW YORK CITY Mention TH E CRISIS. Get a STANDARD LIFE POLICY and Then Hold On to It 10 Reasons Why You *«&gt; Standard Life 1.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company is the first and only com pany organized liy colored in on in ac cordance with safe, scientific and ap proved methods. 2.	 Because: The Standard Life Insur ance Company is under the strict super vision and closest inspection of the Insurance Departments of the States of Georgia. Alabama, Tennessee and Kentucky. 3.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company has $100,000 deposited in registered bonds with the State of Georgia; the same being held for the protection of all policy holders. •i.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company provides in every policy for the accumulation and maintenance of a reserve based upon the American Experience Table of Mortality with interest at 3 per cent., the highest standard of reservation in the country, and the law of the State of Georgia requires this reserve to be invested in securities designated by that law and to be maintained unimpaired. 5.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company policies are brief, devoid of technical terms and put into language that any reader can understand. 6.	 Because: Thp Standard Life Insurance Company issues the same contract for all the people. 7.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company's Officers and Directors are well-known business men, giving per- Purely Old Line Should Insure with the Insurance Company sonal attention to tho details of company management. 8.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company is a National Company in its investments, its agency policies and also in its directorate. 9.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company will give employment to thousands of our own people. 10.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company proposes to be a factor in the development of the insurance business of the race and to demand by its inherent merits the confidence and patronage of the insuring public. We should develop our own great Insurance Institutions, and thus keep pace with the rest of the world in this as in other great movements. 11.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company's policy is an estate, available to yourself in old age, or to your family in event of your death, and free from taxes until it is converted into cash. 12.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company's policy is at once a certificate of your thrift and good citizenship, and gives you a better standing in the community in which you live. 13.	 Because: The Standard Life Insurance Company's policy values rank A l among life insurance contracts. The most that can be said of any other contract is that ''It is as good as the Standard Life Policy." There is nothing that can be better. Full Legal Reserve (NOT FRATERNAL—NOR ASSESSMENT) Capital Stock (Paid in) . .SurplusIssues Policies, Ordinary Department,Industrial Department, 5c. to 25c. $100,000.00  21,211.46  $250 to $5,000  Weekly Let us tell you what we can do for you at your age. Address Standard Life Insurance Company Home Office, 200 Auburn Avenue, Atlanta, Ga. Mention TH E CRISIS. SOUVENIR PROGRAMS =^==^=^= OF THE Emancipation Proclamation Exposition 12th Regiment Armory, New York City October 22 to 31, 1913 Biographical sketches of 250 prominent Negro men and women. Issue limited to 50,000 copies. A few pages will be devoted to select advertisements at the rate of $100 per page. THIS PROGRAM WILL BE VALUABLE 1.	 To the individual holder: It will be a constant reminder of the achievements of the race. 2.	 To the advertiser: It will reach a select group of discriminating readers. Orders may be sent now for early delivery. Applications	 for advertising space should be made at once. PRICE OF PROGRAM 25 CENTS =^==^=== ADDRESS: =^== = = = = = = ROBERT N. WOOD, Chairman 2217 Seventh Avenue	 New York City Mention TH E CRISIS.