The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 12.—Vol. III. DECEMBER 1916. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editors: RICHARD ALDINGTON. H. D. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS page Seven Related Definitions—Real, Illusory, Imaginary, True, Erroneous, Opinion, and Belief. By D. Marsden . .177 Circe. By. H. D.........179 Pastoral Epigrams by Marco Antonio Flaminio. Translated by Richard Aldington . . . . . .180 The French Word in Modern Prose— vi By Madame Ciolkowska ......... 180 Amores" by D. H. Lawrence. By John Gould Fletcher . 182 Dialogues of Fontenelle— viii. Translated by Ezra Pound 183 "Goblins and Pagodas." By H. D. . . . . 183 PAGE Serial Story— Tarr. By Wyndham Lewis . . . 184 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . . . .187 War. By A. H. Pennington ...... 188 On Subject-Matter and War Poetry. By John Gould Fletcher . ........188 Little Tales by Feodor Sologub. Translated by John Cournos..........189 Two Poems. By N. G. Kapp . .....190 American Poems. By Max Michelson .... 190 Correspondence ........ 191 V. SEVEN RELATED DEFINITIONS By D. Marsden PRELIMINARY (1) Our immediate task is to set up a definition of the term "real," and together with it, definitions of a number of terms to which "real" stands in close relation. The related terms are illusory, imaginary, true, erroneous, opinion, and belief. As also certain other terms will recur constantly in the accounts to be given of these under special consideration, it is advisable to give the former at the outset some measure of precision. (2) In describing, for instance, the circumstances under which the term "real" is applicable to an image, we should have to say they are those connected with the latter's subjection—in view of its imputed classification—to a standard form of use, the yielding of the standard reaction to which constitutes the image's identity with members of the class imputed to it. Hence, the form which reaction takes under such subjection furnishes the grounds for the particular verdict on a classification's accuracy which we call proof. (3) Again, in indicating at which point of the perceptual process the relevancy of the term "real" begins, it will be necessary to refer to the part played in that process by association and comparison, i.e. by thought, and to say something of the different stages and rates of development of the thinking-process itself. Now all these terms—classification, use, thought-process—though they appear constantly in everyday speech, permit, philosophically, of a highly elaborate development: one which, however, we do not propose to enter upon here. What we do propose is to make such reference to them as will prevent them making a completely irresponsible appearance throughout the subsequent argument. (4) When a "classification" is conferred on an image, what is implied is that the latter, upon being "used" after a certain fashion, will yield in the sequel a given image or group of images. Thus, by classifying a substance as an acid we imply that were a solution of such substance to be brought into contact with blue litmus paper, the latter would immediately turn red. This order of classification—under which we assume that the image classified will be subjected with satisfactory results to the form of usages which is the standard for such class—is that normal order of classifying which we can call the practical. There is, however, also an impractical order. (5) That which is implied in the term "use" is, primarily, a relationship between an agent which acts and an image which is acted upon, i.e. made to change in some particular. This antithetical relation of agent and acted-upon is obtained by partitioning the egoistic universe, which for any given case is a unity, into a nucleus (i.e. the body or self), and a fringe (i.e. the not-body or not-self). Under this division the self is the agent and the not-self the acted-upon. (On the differentiation already made between the ego and the self, see chapter iii of this series.) "Use" thus implies a working ratio of which the ##178 THE EGOIST December 1916 terms are the image as originally given, and the self's power to command from it a certain sequence of images more or less in accordance with its desires and aims. (6) It is in terms of the self's power to dominate the image and dictate its sequence of change that an image's character is expressed. What a thing is (i.e. how it shall be classified) is the expression of the ratio of the self's power to the image, as evidenced in use. In the universe of things in which the self makes one—albeit a predominant and directing one —all other things find their character, their class and their name, in virtue of the sort of reference which they make to the self. The entire meaning of classification is thus derived from the activities of this "agent" which associates, compares, and from thence passes judgment as to probable use on a principle the intelligibility of which is constituted by the self's own past experience with similar-seeming images and its present powers, desires, and purposes. (7) This process of referring things to the powers and desires of the self and classifying them in accordance with its past history and present potentialities is that which we are accustomed to call thinking. This part of the perceptual process is concerned first to interpret in the light of its experience in what relation an image stands to the powers of the self, and then to test its interpretations by bringing it into crucial contact with the self. When the latter finds that, on subjecting the image to the standard usage it yields the standard sequence of images expected of one of the class to which it is interpreted to belong, its thoroughgoing similarity to members of the class is marked by identifying them under a common name. (8) It would take us too far wide of our present purpose to consider here the questions above raised whether a thing can be said to be perceived before the thinking-process begins; whether prior to the inception of this process an image attains to thing-hood; and whether thought is not an integral part of the elemental perceptual process. It will satisfy all our present requirements if we point out how, if in the perceptual process there be an incipient, uninterpreted (i.e. thought-free) stage the second interpretive and thought-impregnated stage ordinarily appears simultaneously with the first. In the vast majority of our ordinary perceptions it is to be noted how the name and the image present themselves together; that is, the image is already classified at its appearance. Thought has completed its work upon it at the very moment of its entry. (9) Therefore, since classification is the goal of the thinking-process, while names—the pigeon-holes into which the vast gallery of images are sorted out— represent the structure into which classification shapes itself, by the emergence of a name, even when this is only a speculative one, we are made aware that the thought-process has traversed a considerable part of the way to its end. And even before any specific name has emerged, when we have only gone so far as to ask "What is that?" thought has already to some extent overlaid the image, since our very inability to give it a name is evidence that comparison has proceeded sufficiently far for us to note at least some of the image's unlikenesses to others. Hence when, as is usual in our ordinary experience, image and name appear simultaneously, the thought-process which has welded them together has effected itself in so brief a space of time that we are able to take cognizance of its occurrence only after the event. (10) The bearing of this upon the term "real" becomes clear in view of the fact that two conditions are essential before the term "real" is applicable. These are (1) that a definite name must already have made its appearance in relation to the image; and (2) that the stage of thought subsequent to the emergence of such name must be considerably protracted; that is, the term "real" does not begin to have relevance to any image until the thought-process working upon it is already well advanced, and then only when the process's subsequent course is relatively long drawn out. With this general observation we can proceed to consider "real" in more detail. I. REAL (11) "Real" is a term applied to an image when the thinking-process aiming at the image's classification presents certain characteristics, to wit: when this process, having matured itself to the point where speculation has focused itself on a particular name, thereupon continued in the condition of localized uncertainty so created for an appreciable period of time before a term is put to it by the emergence of a warranted name. (12) It appertains accordingly to an image about which thought has reached that stage where the uncertainty inseparable from all thought plays about the classification suggested by the image's imputed name. But as we have just now pointed out, in the majority of our perceptions the entire thought-process effects itself so rapidly, and occupies such an inappreciable short space of time that from a practical point of view we have to regard it as eliminated. This being so, in such cases the particular stage of thought of which the protraction is essential to "real's" relevancy is wholly to seek. These cases therefore stand outside the category of circumstances to which, in exact propriety, "real" is applicable. (13) It is this fact which explains why we do not ordinarily ask (or rather none of us save philosophers and a less impressive type of the mentally erratic perhaps ask) whether the myriad images which crowd into our normal daily experience and from whose relations with the self familiar usage has purged all doubt, are "real." We do not ask ordinarily whether the rain or bread or a tree is real, simply because in regard to these things the certainty which comes of confirmatory usage has terminated thought before that stage of its uncertainty upon which all questions of reality depend for their pertinence has lasted long enough to make itself appreciably felt. (14) Should these commonplace, use-tried images, however, become involved in circumstances which tend to disguise their familiar character, so that their classification becomes speculative, needing retrial, the question of their reality immediately becomes relevant and urgent. Let us consider an instance. Let us suppose a familiar street in which at intervals there are trees. In broad daylight no one would think of asking, "Are those real trees," or if one did, the questioner's soundness of mind would stand a better chance of being seriously debated than the "reality" of the trees. On the other hand, it is probable that such question, if made, would prove genuinely nonplussing just because of its irrelevance, and the person questioned might make what would seem to be the lame answer, "Well, I don't know about 'real.' At all events, they are trees." They answer to all tests to which any member of the category "trees" could be submitted, and that is quite good enough for me. This answer is in fact, and in spite of its apologetic air, philosophically the sound one. (15) Now let us suppose a different set of circumstances in the same connexion—say, the same street in intense darkness accentuated by a few dim lights, and in the distance a dark streak which might be interpreted as a shadow, or a tree, or perhaps a ruffian waiting to snatch one's purse. Now while under more normal circumstances the attaching of the question of reality to images describable as ruffians, shadows, or trees would be irrelevant, such question becomes wholly relevant here. It is so because the situation is such as to give rise to the dubious question, "Is it a ##December 1916 THE EGOIST 179 so-and-so?" This question, which could be translated into an assertion in the shape of "I think it (the image) is (may be) a so-and-so," indicates just those conditions of doubt and speculative classification in which the term "real" finds its relevance, and wherever such question is in place, the question, "Is it real?" is equally in place. As a matter of fact, the implications of the two questions are identical, since the latter would be more accurately—because more fully—expressed in the form, "Is it a real one, i.e. of the class so-and-so? " (16) As long, of course, as circumstances are such as to delay an answer to this question, the term "real," though wholly relevant, is not categorically applicable. It only becomes so when suitable tests have proved the image to be what in faith it was asserted to be. Its complete applicability requires the blend of circumstances represented in the checking of an anticipatory assertion concerning the kinship of an image by a test experiment. Hence, to return to our illustration, if we have prophesied that the image is a shadow, and it turns out, under "usage" (e.g. when we try to walk through it), to be a shadow, then the image is real. But if we have prophesied it to be a shadow and it turns out to be a tree, then it is unreal and illusory. Similarly, if we opined that it was a ghost and it turned out to be so, the image would be real (e.g. as a ghost). If, on the other hand, we interpreted it as a ghost and it turned out to be a ruffian, it would be an unreal "one" (e.g. of the category "ghost"). (17) Here it is the term "one" which illumines most strongly the significance of "real." The "one" is a demonstrative pointing out the class indicated in the prophetic assertion. When the image's subjection to the decisive form of treatment shows that it is "one" of that class, its reality is established. To summarize: the significance of "real" bears not on any feature of the image itself, but upon its warrants to be regarded as belonging to a suggested class. Its relevance is entirely dependent upon classification and the warrants of classification. That is why it begins with the emergence of a speculative name and culminates with that of a warranted one. The period between these two events constitutes its life-term, for as we shall have to notice, there is a swift dispersal of relevance immediately following its complete applicability. (18) It will help us at this point if we advance a formal definition of real. Let this be the definition: An assertion made to the effect that an image (or group of images) is classifiable with a stated group of images being held in question, when proof is forthcoming that such classification is accurate, the term "real" is applied to the image. According to this definition "real" is categorically applicable only when the process of classification is warranted and complete; but while this is so, it is none the less the case that preoccupation with reality is practical and alive only when classification is still speculative. Interest in an image's reality lasts only so long as the two are associated together in the form of the question, "Is it real?" It is uncertainty which provides reality with its platform. Its appeal waxes in strength from the moment when speculation begins; and it wanes rapidly round and about the point where speculation dissolves into certainty and knowledge. (19) The reason of course is that as long as the matter of reality remains a question, there is the possibility of "using" the image improperly, that is, in a manner which might result in consequences hurtful to the self. Hence, while the note of interrogation attaches to a thing's reality the sense of urgency remains. When the issue is decided, and the image is known to be real, this sense of urgency, and along with it all vital interest, inevitably disperses. Hence, it might be accepted as a rule thai whenever any interest survives in the categoric declaration that a thing is real, uncertainty about this same reality has lately held the field, and can but just now have been laid to rest. (Chapter V to be continued) CIRCE By H. D. IT was easy enough to bend them to my wish, it was easy enough to alter them with a touch, but you adrift on the great sea, how shall I call you back? Cedar and white ash, rock-cedar and sand plants and tamarind, red cedar and white cedar and black cedar from the inmost forest, fragrance upon fragrance and all of my sea-magic is for naught. It was easy enough— a thought called them from the sharp edges of the earth; they prayed for a touch, they cried for the sight of my face, they entreated me till in pity I turned each to his own self. Panther and panther, then a black leopard follows close— black panther and red and a great hound, a god-like beast, cut the sand in a clear ring and shut me from the earth, and cover the sea-sound with their throats, and the sea-roar with their own barks and bellowing and snarls, and the sea-stars ivith the swirl of the sand, and the rock-tamarinds and the wind resonance— but not your voice. It is easy enough to call men from the edges of the earth, it is easy to summon them to my feet with a thought— it is beautiful to see the tall panther and the sleek deer-hounds circle in the dark. It is easy enough to make cedar and white ash fumes into palaces and to cover the sea-caves with ivory and onyx. But I would give up rock-fringes of coral and the inmost chamber of my island palace and my own gifts and the whole region of my power and magic for your glance. ##180 THE EGOIST December 1916 PASTORAL EPIGRAMS BY MARCO. ANTONIO FLAMINIO (1498-1550) Translated by Richard Aldington [I have to ask a certain indulgence for these translations and for this note. They were written at odd moments in the somewhat noisy and unfavourable surroundings of a barrack-room. Where the "hand of the potter has faltered" in copying these waxen figures of Flaminio, let this be the chief excuse. These little poems are taken from the second book of the Pastoral Songs. They have no particular interest for the general reader, but a certain charm for lovers of the Italian Renaissance— perhaps I should qualify even that statement and say, lovers of the Italian Renaissance with a slight touch of bibliomania. For one should read these poets in contemporary or nearly contemporary editions, in the books issued from the Venetian presses of the sixteenth century, or from the very fine large paper editions printed at Padua in the eighteenth century by the Comnini. There is a certain pathos in this pedantry because it is so obviously a side-track which led nowhere. It is imitative, it is often frigid, it is only seldom beautiful. For most of these Latin poets were merely enthusiastic pedants. But here and there, as in the case of Navagero and Giovanni Battisto Amaltheo and M. A. Flaminio, one finds a genuine poetry, a genuine emotion struggling through the stifling folds of academic imitation. In reading these poems, you must try to imagine the en husiasm of that earlier age for Hellenism and Hellenistic literature. Access to this literature is so easy for us that unless we are peculiarly constituted, it has lost a great deal of its stimulus. And, moreover, this literature has been so obscured and explained away by sixteenth-century writers of Italy that it needs a Swinburne to pierce through its pedantry.—R. A.] I To his singular good Lord, my Lord Farnese NOBLE Farnese, since you journey near, disdain not to visit your Iolas. The green wood calls you and the chattering waters of the stream call also. The little farm, which you gave, makes ready to greet you. Noble lad, turn not from this lowly door; remember that Jove himself often visited the huts of shepherds. II Aphrodite Winter departs; the forest is dressed again with shining leaves and white Flora leads the dances. The North wind yields to the West. Now, Amaryllis, we can pasture our flocks in the secluded wood and gather the secret pleasures of Aphrodite. Honour the goddess, deck her with new garlands and let a lamb soak her holy altars! III Fête Galante The Morning Star flies from the clouds and the bird cries to the dawn. Amaryllis, awake! Lead your snowy sheep to pasture while the cold grass glitters with white dew. To-day I will pasture my goats in a shady valley, for later it will be very hot. Among those distant hills lies a very great valley cut by a fair stream. Here there are cold rills and soft pasture and the kind wind engenders many-coloured flowers. Dear, there I shall be alone, and if you love me, there you will come alone also IV The Vigil Thunder! And the whole wood roaring with a vast gale—streams of beating rain! Night, with sleep-bearing wings, girdled around with awful clouds, darkens the blind earth. But, conquered by the strength of cruel Venus, I come to keep a vigil at my lady's door. Winter rages; the gale rages overhead; but more fiercely Love rages in my heart. V The Crown At sunrise, my Thestylis, I gather these scarlet flowers into glittering crowns, and while I gather them I murmur, sighing: "Would that I might become as you, my gift!" VI The Gifts Thestylis, sweeter than the honey of Hybla, see the gifts I have brought you from the city! See this yellow gown, these crimson slippers, this coif and this girdle rich with clasps. As I brought them to you, they were seen by Phyllis, who said: "If you give me these I swear by Ceres and Venus to love none but you." And I swear by Phoebus and the Muses, my Thestylis— and if I lie, be my enemy for ever—that I love no woman but you and that as long as I live you will be my passion. VII Image The flowers spring up in the greensward; the wood puts forth green leaves; the sun shines clearer, the clouds melt from the sky and the snow from the earth. This is the image of laughing Lygda and thus grief melts from her face. VIII Image The bright drops play among the lilies when the shower falls in a film of water. The dew hangs on the roses when the dawn breathes cold and sweet. This is the image of weeping Lygda— and love burns me with her tears! THE FRENCH WORD IN MODERN PROSE VI. M. josephin péladan [Breaking away from the custom here adopted hitherto of choosing one book or two in an author's production, I prefer, in the presence of a writer with so extensive an output as M. Péladan, to deal with the personality rather than the work.] THE criticism passed upon him by Anatole France discloses the secret of M. Péladan's immense failure—we all agree that a great failure is more estimable than a small success, do we not?—his immense failure in France. Had he been, instead of French, English, German, or American, the failure would probably have been spelt success. M. France, voicing, as it were, the unformulated opinion of his compatriots, reproached M. Péladan for his lack of bonhomie. I fail to find an English equivalent for the expression, but for the few who do not feel its sense, "familiarity," or perhaps "human nature," may serve to fill the lacuna. Now this criticism, strangely vague and glib from a precise French mind, notably one so precise as that of M. Anatole France, shows how a man may more easily fail for wanting in a desired quality than succeed by the possession of a dozen others. There is no reason whatever why M. Péladan should supply bonhomie. The absence of it cannot. ##December 1916 THE EGOIST 181 therefore, be a grievance. That M. Péladan does not respond to a demand for this or that, is, therefore, in a way a failure; he is an immense failure because what he brings in other spheres is immense. On such frail accidents depends success or non-success, especially in a country where smiles are more potent to demolish than praises are potent to construct. We do not expect or need bonhomie from an aesthetician or a mystic—for M. Péladan is, primarily, both these—any more than we expect them from a therapeutist, for instance. But if the criticism were lacking in pertinence, as who should condemn a man not for what he is accused of, but for what he is not accused of, it summarized French preferences. "Jacques Bonhomme" would give all the world's aesthetic and mystic theories and much religion for a pinch of human nature. The Frenchman may be an idealist at times, but for his daily intellectual bread he prefers reality, notwithstanding that Péladan, Villiers de l'Isle Adam, Stanislas de Guaita, Fabre d'Olivet, Eliphas Levy (real name: Abbé Constant), and Flammarion are, or were, Frenchmen. But there is no hope for a school of aesthetes or mystics from France. The theory of art has never interested it so much as the craft of art. Anatole France, typical Frenchman as he is, finds M. Péladan wearisome. He dare not say so and reproaches him for lacking in a quality he could best in the world dispense with. The Slavonic Theodore de Wyzewa is less embarrassed. He wrote: "Historians of our literature must rank him as a precursor . . . much must be forgiven those who struggle for Christ. I mean for love and beauty." His enthusiasms and convictions just miss being those of a prophet, for M. Péladan's erudition, which is superior to his inspiration, misleads him into dogmatisms for which, for the sake of the light of his knowledge and intuition, he must be pardoned. Joseph-Anne Péladan, dit Josephin, was born at Lyons on March 28, 1859. The fact that this town has ever been the centre of metaphysical tradition— Puvis de Chavannes, the painter-mystic, was also born there—contradicts, in the case of M. Péladan, the supposition that the circumstances of locality connected with birth are indifferent, for M. Péladan's parents were not Lyonnais but originated from Nîmes, a city which does not share Lyons' peculiar reputation. His father was a journalist who had had dealings with Lamartine and Chateaubriand, while Blanc de Saint-Bonnet, a philosopher and mystic who deserves to be better known, and whose works are scarcely procurable nowadays, was a frequent visitor to his parents' house during his childhood. There can be little doubt that Péladan's mind was given a direction by these associations. Before he had control of it, it was perhaps guided on the road it was to follow ever after. But the most active influence was brought to bear by his elder brother after the family left Lyons to return to Nîmes. One cannot help recalling a similar circumstance in the Bonaparte family where, according to report, Napoleon seems to have realized the conceptions of his brother Lucien. The occult path was opened out to Joseph Péladan, later to become so versed in lost and secret doctrines, by his elder brother, a doctor, who, at the age of twelve, had written a "Poetic History of Flowers," belonged to a group of Herrnetists and had studied Hahnemann, Mesmer, Fabre d'Olivet, Eliphas Levy and Lacuria. After a visit to Italy (in 1881) and after writing the Legend of Marion de l'Orme, as also a pamphlet on Rembrandt, Joseph Péladan began to lay the first bricks in the system from which he has never transgressed; for he has always been consistent and sincere though his system may offer contradictions within its elements. Narrowness and indefiniteness would seem to be its defects. But from its earliest manifestations it was independent and his first art criticism raised an outcry. Yet, if it met with opposition from the public, the elite, and among these in particular Barbey d'Aurevilly, were attracted to it. In '84 he wrote the first novel in the neo-Christian manner M. de Wyzewa says he inaugurated—the first of his first cycle La Décadence Latine—Le Vice Suprême, which met with great success. In many respects M. Péladan has striven for France what Ruskin and William Morris achieved for England. For him life is, in the words of Miss Margaret Anderson (but he never expressed it so well), the object of art. After a pilgrimage to Bayreuth he fell under the spell of Wagner, introducing him into his system as the eighth in his cycle of tragedians consisting of Eschylus, Sophocles, Eurypides, Shakespeare, Corneille, and Goethe. He construed a system in this connexion which conciliated the Germanic and the Latin souls, the legend and lore of the former, the paganism and Catholicism of the latter. In 1892 he founded the Salon de la Rose Croix, which drew to it adherents, curious and deriders, but in the former category artists like Aman-Jean, Armand Point, Séon, Marcellin Desboutins, Carlos Schwabe, Fernand Knopff, Odilon Redon, etc., some of whom now obtain official recognition, most of whom were artists and at least one a genius. This pictorial formation coincided with theatrical and musical innovations or restorations. A cohesive and spiritual direction was attempted for the entire realm of art. M. Péladan aimed at yet another form of synthesis when, in 1891, with Comment on devient Mage he inaugurated his "Amphitheatre of Dead Science." This treatise, wrote M. René Georges Aubrun in Les Célébrités d'Aujourd'hui (Sansot, the publisher of the majority of M. Péladan's works), ordained " contempt for the age, hatred for the collective, indifference to the social movement, while proclaiming solitary meditation, asceticism, the incessant cultivation of the will and sensibility, the religion of the idea, prayer, the metamorphosis of suffering through exaltation, redemption through pride, but, also, through intellectual charity." The book was followed by Comment on devient Fée, and in 1894 appeared Comment on devient Artiste and L'Art idéaliste, formulating the Rosicrucian aesthetic doctrine. Herein M. Péladan advocated his theory of the identity between art and religion, condemned the priest who is ignorant of the world's masterpieces and the artist who is closed to the divine. The "Amphitheatre" ends with political considerations entitled Le Livre du Sceptre. "The definition of politics," he contends here, "is merely collective ethic," and he pronounces this maxim: "The relations between different peoples should be as those between the provinces of one State." In 1898 M. Péladan, whose name is said to be of Chaldean root, and whose physical characteristics are reminiscent of ancient Assyria as it reveals itself to us through its art, " returned," as he himself says, to the East. The journey was productive in a new "cycle": Les Idées et les Formes. "The Catholic Occultist" was now added to complete his "Amphitheatre of Dead Science." "The occult," he writes, in his usual somewhat dictatorial manner, "is the spirit of religion as religion is the body of the occult. The occult is the head which conceives the mystery, religion is the heat wherein the mystery acquires its dynamic form." M. Péladan's translation of Leonardo da Vinci's treatise on painting must not be forgotten. Sharing, as he does, much of their prolific versatility he ranks the masters of the Renaissance among his greater gods. Indeed to him the Renaissance is one immense, vast Olympia. He is fascinated by its profusion as well as by its skill, and suffers from a similar vigorous wealth of interest, which has provided him ##182 THE EGOIST December 1916 with views of everything but not light on all. M. Péladan remains, therefore, somewhat too much of a dilettante, in appearance at least, for there is no doubt that he is a great scholar with vast intellectual capacity. He is unfortunately not master of his mind. His ideas are always running away with his pen. The consequence is an involved, verbose style of tedious reading. The subjects dealt with are more fascinating than the manner of dealing with them, and whatever theme he alludes to serves as spring-board for his system. While reading him one feels a vague suspicion that he is seeking to entrap one into it. Muriel Ciolkowska "AMORES" BY D. H. LAWRENCE IT is difficult to define and state the exact charm of Mr. Lawrence's work, for the reason that Mr. Lawrence himself is a phenomenon so remote from English consciousness. One cannot help asking oneself, as one reads these poems, "What would Tennyson have thought of all this—or Browning, or Meredith, or Swinburne?" For one of the great "shocks" of Mr. Lawrence's work is that it reveals to us a temperament absolutely un-Victorian, more Latin than English, and yet a temperament which has come to growth and drawn its strength almost entirely from English soil. Had this man been born in France he might have been another Baudelaire, and by cool, relentless pressure of craftsmanship created a world in which his temperament moved at ease: born in England, he was doomed from the beginning to struggle against his surroundings, and to express his own inner vision merely in terms of tortured revolt. It is a pity, but it is not Mr. Lawrence's fault. And in spite of his imperfections, Mr. Lawrence has, as I say, a temperament which is very valuable and unusual—quite free from any suspicion of posing, and nakedly honest with himself and the world—as these same imperfections will, by the way, witness. One must return to Mr. Lawrence's faults, for it is quite true that these may prove a stumbling-block to any one whose chief concern is with good writing. Such things as "shotten," "bursten," "swaling," "withouten," can scarcely be praised: nor can there be any reason why one should so dote upon rhyme at any price as to accept, for example, "ways'll" and "hazel" as a triumph. And then "My soft slumbering belly quivering awake in one impulse of desire," and several similar lines, make one suspect that Mr. Lawrence is at times too much in the attitude of a man who says to the public: "Damn you! I will shock you! I will! I will! I will!" To say that a man has a belly is no more poetry than to say that he has a kneecap. An artist of the type which Mr. Lawrence represents is only too apt to lose grip of his material in this way and so spoil a fine idea. Perhaps the most characteristic poem—in form as well as content—of this book is "Restlessness," on page 52. The opening lines, with their slow dragging movement, and repeated rhymes, offer a fine example of what might be called the typical Lawrence stanza: At the open door of the room I stand and look at the night, Hold my hand to catch the raindrops, that slant into sight, Arriving grey from the darkness above suddenly into the light of the room. I will escape from the hollow room, the box of light, And be out in the bewildering darkness, which is always fecund, which might Mate my hungry soul with a germ from its womb. How beautifully is this definite image used to state an abstract idea! Even more beautiful is the continuation: I will go out to the night, as a man goes down to the shore To draw his net through the surf's thin line at the dawn, before The sun warms the sea, little, lonely and sad, sifting the sobbing tide. I will sift the surf that edges the night with my net, the four Strands of my eyes and my lips and my hands and my feet sifting the store Of flotsam till my soul is tired or satisfied. Women, men, books—these the poet fingers to praise for a moment. But at the end: But oh, it is not enough, it is all no good There is something I want to feel in my running blood Something I want to touch. I must hold my face to the rain, I must hold my face to the wind and let it explain Me its life as it hurries in secret, I will trail my hands again through the drenched, cold leaves, Till my hands are full of the chillness and touch of leaves, Till at length they induce me to sleep, and to forget. This cry of darkness and of failure echoes ominously through all these poems. Mr. Lawrence is no optimist. Rather is he weary of the intolerable burden of life, and all that he cares for is beauty—that illusion of illusions. Beauty flickers out of these poems suddenly, in phrases like the following: Like a flower the frost has hugged and let go, my head Is heavy. The pine trees bend to listen to the autumn wind as it mutters Something which sets the black poplars ashake with hysterical laughter. The enormous cliff of horse-chestnut trees. For the night with a great breath taken Has drawn my spirit outside Me, till I reel with disseminated consciousness, Like a man who has died. The quick sparks on the gorse-bushes are leaping, Little jets of sunlight-texture imitating flame. The five old bells Are hurrying and eagerly calling: Imploring, protesting They know, but clamorously falling Into gabbling incoherence, never resting, Like spattering showers from a spent sky-rocket dropping In splashes of sound, endlessly, never stopping. And the soul of the wind and my blood compare Their wandering happiness, and the wind, wasted in liberty, drifts on and is sad. I have picked these out at random so that some may understand, and others envy and mistrust—as they must do—the sheer force of the genius which can strike such sparks from the cold anvil of words. And since Mr. Lawrence will not let us have the banal consolation that anything is for good in this world of ours, let us take the following, for finer consolation: Many years have I still to burn, detained Like a candle-flame on this body; but I enshrine A darkness within me, a presence which sleeps contained In my flame of living, a shadow within the shrine. And through these years, while I burn on the fuel of life, What matter the stuff I lick up in my living flame, Seeing I keep in the fire-core, inviolate, A darkness that dreams my dreams for me, ever the same. John Gould Fletcher December 1916 THE EGOIST 183 DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by Ezra Pound VIII BRUTUS AND FAUSTINA BRUTUS. What! Is it possible that you took pleasure in your thousand infidelities to the Emperor Marcus Aurelius, the most affable husband, and without doubt the best man in Roman dominions * Faustina. And is it possible that you assassinated Julius Caesar, that so mild and moderate emperor? Brutus. I wished to terrify all usurpers by the example of Caesar, whose very mildness and moderation were no guarantee of security. Faustina. And if I should tell you that I wished to terrify likewise all husbands, so that no man should dare to be a husband after the example I made of Aurelius, whose indulgence was so ill requited? Brutus. A fine scheme! We must, however, have husbands or who would govern the women? But Rome had no need to be governed by Caesar. Faustina. Who told you that? Rome had begun to have madcap crochets as humorous and fantastical as those which are laid to most women's credit, she could no longer dispense with a master, and yet she was ill-pleased to find one. Women are of the identical character, and we may equally agree that men are too jealous of their domination, they exercise it in marriage and that is a great beginning, but they wish to extend it to love. When they ask that a mistress be faithful, by faithful they mean submissive. The rule should be equally shared between lover and mistress, however it always shifts to one side or the other, almost always to that of the lover. Brutus. You are in a strange revolt against men. Faustina. I am a Roman, and I have a Roman feeling for liberty. Brutus. The world is quite full of such Romans, but Romans of my type are, you will confess, much more rare. Faustina. It is a very good thing that they are. I do not think that any honest man would behave as you did, or assassinate his benefactor. Brutus. I think there are equally few honest women who would have copied your conduct, as for mine, you must admit it showed firmness. It needed a deal of courage not to be affected by Caesar's feeling of friendship. Faustina. Do you think it needed less vigour to hold out against the gentleness and patience of Marcus Aurelius? He looked on all my infidelities with indifference; he would not do me honour by jealousy, he took away from me the joys of deceiving him. I was so greatly enraged at it, that I sometimes wished to turn pious. However, I did not sink to that weakness, and after my death even, did not Marcus Aurelius do me the despite of building me temples, of giving me priests, and of setting up in my honour what is called the Faustinian festival? Would it not drive one to fury? To have given me a gorgeous apotheosis!—to have exalted me as a goddess! Brutus. I confess I no longer understand women. These are the oddest complaints in the world. Faustina. Would you not rather have plotted against Sylla than Caesar? Sylla would have stirred your indignation and hate by his excess of cruelty. I should greatly have preferred to hoodwink a jealous man, even Caesar, for example, of whom we are speaking. He had insupportable vanity, he wished to have the empire of the world all to himself, and his wife all to himself, and because he saw Clodius sharing one and Pompey the other, he could bear neither Pompey nor Clodius. I should have been happy with Caesar! Brutus. One moment and you wish to do away with all husbands, in the next you sigh for the worst. Faustina. I could wish there were none in order that women might ever be free, but if there are to be husbands the most crabbed would please one most, for the sheer pleasure of gaining my liberty. Brutus. I think for women of your temperament it is much better that there should be husbands. The more keen the desire for liberty, the more malignity there is in it. "GOBLINS AND PAGODAS"* READERS of The Egoist are already familiar with certain poems in Mr. John Gould Fletcher's new volume, Goblins and Pagodas— particularly with the first part of the book where Mr. Fletcher presents with simplicity and directness a series of impressions—memories of a wistful, sensitive child's impressions of an old weather-beaten house and of the bleak spectres that dwelt within the shadows of the six white columns, that haunted bedroom, nursery, and attic, and crawled with the poison ivy about the roots of the old garden oaks. In the second section of his book, Mr. Fletcher deals with a more difficult and, when successfully handled, richer form of art: not that of direct presentation, but that of suggestion. Mr. Fletcher, in the very admirable Preface to this new volume, remarks, apropos of certain current opinions concerning the so-called "new poetry," "the key-pattern on a Greek vase may be beautiful, but it is less beautiful, less satisfying, and less conclusive a test of artistic ability than the composition of satyrs and maenads struggling about the centre." And as we come to a clearer understanding of the poet's method and his work, we are almost tempted to continue his apt metaphor; to say to the artist: the images so wrought upon the body of the vase— the maenad, poised for ever, quietly for all the swirl of draperies and of loosened head-band, or the satyr for ever lifting his vine-wreathed cup—are satisfying and indeed perfect. But how much more for the lover of beauty is the wine within the great jar beautiful—how much more than the direct image to him are the images suggested by shadow and light, the flicker of the purple wine, the glint across the yellow, the depth of the crimson and red? Who would stand gazing at a satyr and a maenad, however adroit the composition of fluttering garment and poised wine-cup when the wine itself within the great jar stands waiting for him? For it is no static vision that Mr. Fletcher seeks to give us in his series of "Symphonies." He uses the direct image, it is true, but he seems to use it as a means of evoking other and vaguer images—a pebble, as it were, dropped into a quiet pool, in order to start across the silent water, wave on wave of fight, of colour, of sound. His poetry is not static, as I say—it is moving, whirling, drifting. It is the whirling of flowers, of boats, of the sea-water, of rain slanting and beating, of birds swaying and drifting, of peonies springing like rockets, of rhododendrons, of orange-blossoms dashed with rain, seeming to me to be swaying above water, where again their broken reflections swirl among scattered images of straining clouds. It is the swirling of snow, of fire-flies, of forest trees. It is the drift and ripple of grass, and with it again, the flowers in the grass. In grimmer moods, it is the swirl of guns, cannon, * Goblins and Pagodas, by John Gould Fletcher. Boston and New York: Houghton Mifflin Company. ##184 THE EGOIST December 1916 terror, destruction. And through it all, it is the soul or mind or inspiration of the poet, knowing within itself its problems, unanswerable; its visions, cramped and stifled; the bitterness of its own insufficiency. Knowing indeed not whence it cometh and whither it goeth, but flaunting in the face of its own ignorance, its own undaunted quest. It is difficult to quote from Mr. Fletcher's "Symphonies": they can only be appreciated fully as a broad effect. But if I were asked which of the lines were most beautiful, I would choose these: There is a tall white weed growing at the top of this sand hill: In the grass It is very still. It lifts its heavy bracts of flattened bloom Against the sky Hazily grey with brume. Out over yonder boats pass And the swallows Flatten themselves on the grass. The lake is silvering beneath the heat. The wind's feet Touch lazily each crest, Like white gulls slow flapping To westward. One white cloud slowly disengages, loosening itself, And stands Above the larkspur-coloured water: Like Dione's daughter Braiding up her wet hair with her pale hands. H. D. TARR By Wyndham Lewis PART IV A JEST TOO DEEP FOR LAUGHTER CHAPTER X HE took a step forward, her room evidently his destination. " Shauster! " Bertha said, at the same time retreating into the passage-way.—" Go!" Got into the room, he did not seem to know what next to do. So far he had been evidently quite clear as to his purpose. He had been feeling the same necessity as her—he, to see his victim. He had not known what he wanted with her, but the obvious pretext and road for the satisfaction of this impulse was the seeking of pardon. She had a moment before felt that she must see him again, at once, before going further with her life.— He, more vague but more energetic, had come at the end of twenty minutes. They were now together, quite tongue-tied. Once he was there, the pretext appeared unnecessary. The real reason might be found. The real reason no doubt was an intuition not to lose her absolutely, the wisdom of his appetite counselling. He stood leaning on his cane, and staring in front of him.— Bertha stood quite still, as she would sometimes do when a wasp entered the room, waiting to see if it would blunder about and then fly out again. He was a dangerous animal, he had got in there, and might in the same manner go off again in a minute or two. Now was the chance she had been fretting for to wipe out in some way what had happened;—not to seem, anyhow, to have taken it all as a matter of course.— But it was too convenient. She had never reckoned on his actually coming and putting himself at her disposition in this way. He stood there without saying anything, just as though he had been sent for and it were for her to speak.— She would have been inclined to send him back to his room, and then, perhaps, go to him. Constantly on the point of "throwing him out," as her energetic German idiom put it, it yet evidently would then be the same as before, in the first place. Secondly, she was a good deal intimidated by his unexplained presence. She had a curiosity about him,—curiosity rather as to how what had happened to her could be straightened out or a little sense in some way got into it. The material of this modification was in him and only there.— She hated him thoroughly now. But this new and distinct feeling gave him at last some reality.— Her way of regarding Kreisler was that of the girl a man "has got into trouble," and to whom she looks to get her out of it. So she stood, anxious as to what he might have come there to do, gradually settling down into a "proud and silent indignation," behind which her curiosity might wait and see what would transpire. Kreisler had at length, having allowed her to stay unexplained by his side for a week or so, divined some complication. Her case might possibly be similar to his? She did not interest him any the more for this. But communication would not be, perhaps, absolutely useless. His only possibility of action at present was to act violently, in gusts. He did not know, when he began an action, whether he would be able to go through with it.— He could not now prevail upon himself to go through the senseless form of apology or anything else. He had got there, that would have to be sufficient. But the situation for Bertha became urgent, too. The difficulty was that there was nothing adequate to be done, that she could think of, in any way in proportion to the enormity of the occasion. Yet, to escape from the memory of Kreisler, what had happened must be wiped out, checkmated, by some action. She was still stunned and overwhelmed with the normal feminine feelings proper to the case. But yet even here there was an irregularity. Another source of infinite discomfort was that she could not even feel, as she should normally, the extent of the outrage, although it was evident enough. She had an hysterical inclination, in waves of astonishment, to accept its paradoxical and persistent appearance. This appearance Kreisler's peculiar manner, her own present mind and the unexampled circumstances gave it. It was nothing,—a bagatelle!—Pooh! it is nothing, after all! How can it be of any importance, seeing that—?—This was one of those things that seem to have got into the category of waking by mistake. It had nothing to do with life's context. And yet it was life. She must deal with it. She had wished to free Sorbert. That had been the beginning of all this. It was with idea of sacrifice in her mind that she had committed the first folly on the boulevard.—Well, she had succeeded. What did Kreisler mean?—At last his significance was as clear as daylight. He meant always and everywhere merely that she could never see Tarr again! She now faced him with fresh strength, her face illuminated with happy tragic resolve.— Supposing she had given herself to a man to compass this sacrifice? As it was, everything, except the hatefulness and violence of the act, had been spared her. And in telling Sorbert that there was something, now, between them, she had been driven to something, she would be nobly lying, and turning an involuntary act into a voluntary one. She could now, too, be tragically forbearing even with Kreisler. "Herr Kreisler, I think I have waited long enough. Will you please leave my room?" He stirred gently like a heavy flower in a light## December 1916 THE EGOIST 185 current of wind. But he turned towards her and said: "I don't know what to say to you.— Is there nothing I can do to make up to you—! I shall go and shoot myself, Fräulein! I cannot stand the thought of what I have done!" This was perplexing and made her angry. He appeared to possess a genius for making things complicated and more difficult. "All I ask you is to go. That will be the best thing you can do for me." "Fräulein, I can't!—Do listen to me for a moment. —I cannot even refer to what has happened without insult in the mere direction of the words.— I am mad— mad—mad!—You have showed yourself a good friend to me. And- that is the way I repay you! Were you anywhere but here and unprotected, there would be a man to answer to for this outrage. I will be that man myself!—I come to ask your permission!" His appetite, waking afresh, was the only directing thing in Kreisler at present. With hypocritical— almost palpably mock—eloquence, he was serving that. This talk alone would have been of little use or consequence to Bertha. But coming in conjunction with her new independent reinforcement, which alone would have been enough to shape things to a specious ending, it was in a way effective.— The new contradiction and struggle in her mind was between her natural aversion for Kreisler now and her feeling of clemency towards him in his now beautiful usefulness. She was very dignified, wise, and clement when she answered: "Let us leave all that, if you please.— It was my fault.— I should have known better what I was doing. You must have been mad, as you say. But if you wish to show yourself a gentleman now, the only obvious thing is to go away, as I have said, and not to molest or remind me any further of what has passed. There is nothing more to say, is there?—Go now, please!" Kreisler flung himself on his knees, and seized her hand, she receiving this with astonished, questioning protestation. "Fräulein, you are an angel! You don't know how much good you do me! You are so good, so good! There is nothing you can ask of me too much. Î have done something I can never undo. It is as though you had saved my life.— Otto Kreisler you can always count on!—The greatest service you can do me, that I humbly beg you may—is to ask some service of me, the more difficult the better!—Goodbye, Fräulein." Giving her hand a last hug, he sprang up, and Bertha heard him next stormily descending the stairs, and then farther away passing rapidly down the avenue. Bertha was distinctly affected by this demonstration. It put a last brilliant light of grateful confusion on all the emotions emanating from Kreisler. The sort of notion he had evoked in parting that they had been doing something splendid together—a life-saving, a heroism—found a hospitable ground in her spirit. Taking everything together, things had been miraculously turned round. Her late blackness of depression and perplexity now merged in steadily growing relieved exaltation. CHAPTER XI Tarr had not gone to England. Kreisler had not been sufficient to accomplish this. He still persisted in his self-indulgent system of easy stages. A bus ride distant, he would be able to keep away. But in any case he did not wish to go to England, nor anywhere else, for that matter. Paris was much the most suitable domicile, independently of Bertha, with his present plans. In the neighbourhood of the Place Clichy, in an old convent, he found a room big enough for four people. There, on the day of the second of the letters, he arrived in a state of characteristic misgiving. It was the habitual indigestion of Reality. He was very fond of reality. But he was like a man very fond of what did not agree with him. It usually ended, however, by his assimilating it. The insouciant, adventurous, those needing no preparation to live, he did not admire, but felt he should imitate.— A new room was a thing that had to be fitted into as painfully as a foot into some new and too elegant boot. The things deposited on the floor, the door finally closed on this new area to be devoted exclusively to himself, the blankest discomfort descended on him. To undo and let loose upon the room his portmanteau's squashed and dishevelled contents—like a flock of birds, brushes, photographs and books flying to their respective places on dressing-table, mantelpiece, shelf or bibliothèque; boxes and parcels creeping dog-like under beds and into corners, taxed his character to the breaking-point. The unwearied optimism of these inanimate objects, the way they occupied stolidly and quickly room after room, was appalling. Then they were packed up things, with the staleness of a former room about them, and the souvenir of a depressing time of tearing up, inspecting, and interring. This preliminary discomfort was less than ever spared him here. He had cut his way to this decision (to go and live in Montmartre), through a bristling host of incertitudes. A place would have had to be particularly spacious to convince him. This large studio-room was worse than any desert. It had been built for something else, and would never be right.— A large square whitewashed box was what he wanted to pack himself into. This was an elaborate carved chest of a former age. He would no doubt pack it eventually with consoling memories of work. He started work at once, in fact. This was his sovereign cure for new rooms. Half an hour after his taking possession, it being already time for the apéritif, he issued forth into the new quarter. There were a few clusters of men. The Spanish men dancers were coloured earth-objects, full of basking and frisking instincts; the atmosphere of the harlot's life went with them, and Spanish reasonableness and civility. He chose a café on the Place Clichy. The hideous ennui of large gimcrack shops and dusty public offices pervaded other groups of pink, mostly dark-haired Frenchmen drinking appetizers. They responded with their personalities on the café terraces to the emptiness of the boulevard. He had not any friends in Montmartre. But he had not been at the café above a few minutes, when he saw a familiar face approaching. It was a model (Berthe, by name, though bringing no reminder with her of the other "Berthe" he knew) with an English painter he saw for the first time, but whom he had just heard about in connexion with this girl. Berthe knew Tarr very slightly. But she chose a table near him, with a nod, and shortly opened conversation. She meant to talk to him evidently. She asked about one or two people Tarr knew. "Do you wish me to present you?" she said, looking towards her protector. "This is Mr. Tarr, Dick." So it was done. "Why don't you come and sit here?" That too was done, partly from inquisitiveness. The young Englishman annoyed Tarr by pretending to be alarmed every time he was addressed. He had a wide-open, wondering eye, fixed on the world in timid serenity. It did not appear at first to understand what you said, and rolled a little alarmedly, even so only to be filled the next moment with some ##186 THE EGOIST December 1916 unexpected light of whimsical intelligence. It had understood all the time! It was only its art to surprise you, and its English affectation of unreadiness and childishness. Pie was a great big child, wandering through life! The young Latin wishes to impress you with his ability to look after himself. General idiocy of demeanour, on the other hand, is the fashionable English style. This young man was six feet one, with a handsome beak in front of his face, meant for a super-Emersonian mildness. His "wide awake" was large, larger than Hobson's. Innumerable minor Tennysons had planted it on his head, or bequeathed a desire for it to this ultimate Dick of long literary line. His family was allied to much Victorian talent. But, alas, thought Tarr, how much worse it is when the mind gets thin than when the blood loses its body, in merely aristocratic refinement. Intellectual aristocracy in the fifth generation!—but Tarr gazed at the conclusive figure in front of him, words failing. Words failed, too, for maintaining conversation with it. He soon got up, and left, his first apéritif at Montmartre unsatisfactory. He did not take possession of his new life with very much conviction. After dinner he went to a neighbouring music hall, precariously amused, soothed by the din. But he eventually left with a headache. The strangeness of the streets, cafés, and places of entertainment depressed him deeply. Had it been an absolutely novel scene, he would have found stimulus in it. But it was like a friend grown indifferent, or something perfectly familiar with the richness of habit taken out of it. Tarr was gregarious in the sense that usually he liked his room and some familiar streets with their traces of familiar men. And where more energetic spirit suggested some truer solitude to him, he would never have sought it where a vestige of inanimate friendship remained. Here, where he had chosen to live, he appeared as though fallen in some intermediate negative existence. Unusually for him, he felt alone. To be alone was essentially a nondescript, lowered, and unreal state for him. The following morning Tarr woke, his legs rather cramped and tired, and not thoroughly rested. But as soon as he was up, work came quite easily. He got his paints out, and without beginning on his principal canvas, took up a new and smaller one by way of diversion. Squaring up a drawing of three naked youths sniffing the air, with rather worried Greek faces and heavy nether limbs, he stuck it on the wall with pins and drew his camp easel up alongside it. He squared up his canvas on the floor with a walking-stick, and fixed it on the easel. To get a threadlike edge a pencil had to be sharpened several times. By the end of the afternoon he had got a witty pastiche on the way. Two colours principally had been used, mixed in piles on two palettes: a smoky, bilious saffron, and a pale transparent lead. The significance of the thing depended first on the psychology of the pulpy limbs, strained dancers' attitudes and empty faces; secondly, the two colours and the simple yet contorted curves. Work over, his depression again grasped him, like an immensely gloomy companion who had been idling impatiently while he worked. He promenaded this companion in "Montmartre by Night," without improving his character. Nausea glared at him from every object met. Sex surged up and martyrized him, but he held it down rather than satisfy himself with its elementary servants. The next day, même jeu. He sat for hours in the fatiguing evening among a score of relief ships or pleasure boats, hesitating, but finally rejecting relief or pleasure. And the next day it was the same thing. Meantime his work progressed. But to escape these persecutions he worked excessively. His eyes began to prick, and on the sixth day he woke up with a headache. He was sick and unable to work. Tarr decided he had been mistaken in remaining in Paris. The fascination of the omnibuses bound for the Rive gauche was almost irresistible. Destiny had granted him the necessary resolution to break. He could have gone away—anywhere, even. His will had then offered him a free ticket, as it were, to any end of the earth. Or simply, and most sensibly, to London. And yet he had decided to go no farther than Montmartre, in the unwisdom of his sense of energy and freedom of that moment. Now the "free ticket" was not any more available. His Will had changed. It offered all sorts of different bus tickets, merely, which would conduct him, avec and sans correspondence, in the direction of the Quartier du Paradis. Why not go back again, simply, in fact? The mandates of the governing elements in our nature, resolves, etc., were childish enough things. His resentment against Bertha, and resolve to quit, would always be there. There was room in life for the satisfaction of this impulse, and the equally strong one to see her again. The road back to the Quartier du Paradis would probably have been taken quite soon, only it needed in a way as much of an effort in the contrary direction to get back as it had to get away. He did not know what might await him either. She might really have given him up and changed her life. He had not the necessary experience to dismiss that possibility. But at last one evening he did go. He went deliberately up to an omnibus "Clichy— St. Germain," and took his seat under its roof. He was resolved to glut himself, without any atom of self-respect or traces of "resolve" remaining, in what he had been wanting to do for a week. He would go to Bertha's rooms, even find out what had been happening in his absence. He might even, perhaps, hang about a little outside, and try to surprise her in some manner. Then he would behave en maître, there would be no further question of his having given her up and renounced his rights. He would behave just as though he had never gone away or the letters been sent. He would claim her again with all the appeals he knew to her love for him. He would conduct himself without a scrap of dignity or honesty. Once the "resolution" and pride of his retiring had been broken down, it was thenceforth immaterial to what length he went. In fact, better be frankly weak and unprincipled in his actions and manner, go the whole length of his defeat and confusion. In such completeness there remains a grain of superiority and energy. But once started in his bus, a wave of excitement and anxiety surged in him with hot gushes.— What awaited him? He fancied all sorts of strange developments.— Perhaps, after all, his journey would not satisfy his weaker movement, but confirm and establish definitely his more sensible resolves. Perhaps weaknesses would find at last the door closed against them. He smiled at the city as they passed through it, with the glee of a boy on a bank holiday excursion. (To be continued) Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs December 1916 THE EGOIST 187 PASSING PARIS HENRI BATAILLE in dramatic art, Henri de Groux in graphie art, have dared face the war. They have been the first to break seriously the silence hitherto observed by artists of the picture and stage—with the exception of a few too realistic or too fanciful reminiscences—which was beginning to amount, in M. Bataille's own words, to cowardice. Art was becoming, in its way, a "shirker." As a sudden strong light at first blinds, as a violent shock annihilates sensation, so it is impossible to grasp events of an overwhelming character while they are being experienced. Moreover, the vaster the reality, i.e. tragedy, of a circumstance the more imagination is requisite to gauge its intensity, to embrace it in all its aspects, to distinguish, in a word, to sense it. Only great imaginations come near the truth. And since great imaginations are uncommon, so the artist, writer, or painter who can approach the war is, most obviously, a rarity. Some set free the lyricism of realities by a docile adherence to facts (for example, in connexion with this war a young and unpretentious draughtsman has given the best idea of the Belgian invasion, Franz Masereel by name), others set realism free by stretching the lyrical, poetical, and sentimental aspect of facts. Henri de Groux belongs to the latter class. Those who vindicate the theory that the realm of painting should be limited to "paint," misapprehending—restricting probably beyond his own intentions— the example of, say, Cézanne, who, occupied with renovating, laid the first and not, as some suggest, the last stone in a new edifice, have a horror of Henri de Groux and his kind (Gustave Moreau, Odilon, Redon, etc.). What the limitations of the black pencil may be they do not define, for Cèzanne's disciples' principle fails to apply to these mediums. But to those to whom a painting may be (1) either a painting (say a Chardin or a Cézanne); or (2) a drawing in colours, and an intellectual, poetic, or spiritual demonstration in form, Henri de Groux responds to both views, but especially to the latter. Blake called indifferently upon literary and pictorial expression, but the one form could not take the place of the other. And it cannot be argued, by the limitation of the painter's boundaries, that Henri de Groux might have more eloquently and justifiably expressed in prose or verse the visions and representations of modern war he has been showing at his display in the Rue de la Boètie. He has not strained the means and resources of pictorial art. It is his natural instrument, and so his use of it is warranted. I do not know of what nature his literary inclinations may be; they may be existent or non-existent. The circumstance is immaterial for a literary gift would in no way duplicate, though it might enforce, his artistic manifestations. Besides, why would these gaolers put art in chains? What authority have they to wish to limit its field of action? What precedent can they invoke? Did not the old masters, the great of both the Eastern and the Western continents, look upon the whole world, temporal and spiritual, concrete and abstract, as theirs? Are there limitations to inspiration? And since it must be allowed that there are not, to limit art is to close doors to inspiration the moment the palette is taken in hand. Since Gustave Moreau, Henri de Groux is the most imaginative mind in the art-world. Belgian as he is, he is never out of touch with the normal from which Gustave Moreau was completely detached. He combines the mysticism with the keen realistic sense peculiar to his race which are often met in conjunction in the early Flemish masters as also in the national literature (vide Coster's Uhlenspiegel, Verhaeren, etc.). His criticisms—for most of these visions of war are criticisms—lack the cynicism and ironical bitterness with which a Frenchman, a Forain, for instance, would have impregnated them. Needless to say that the spectacular and conventional battle-picture is never the final purpose of the least imaginative of his compositions. He has expressed his vision of the war in a prolific number of pictures in oils and chalks, in sketches in pencil and charcoal, and in etchings, the war as he has felt it and may have seen it—but all of us have seen it: one crippled man, a pair of closed eyes, a bandaged limb, a column of prisoners, a widow in weeds, are as much "all" the war as a battle, a trench or a crumbling church. There is no caricature, no puny ridicule, no spite. A defeated "Junker," enemy captives, are as pitiful, as impressive as any other humanity depicted by this tragic hand. The girl who bears an intruder in her womb is enveloped in a halo of pathetic and somewhat evil mystery conveyed merely by the nature of the colours in the background, the discreet suggestive touch of the brush. Whereas the war has plunged some of us into very abysses of doubt and mental confusion it seems to have enlightened the mind of Henri de Groux, which appears to have acquired articulateness since his earlier work. In his most direct versions, in the form of charcoal and pencil sketches (astonishing soldiers wearing gas-masks giving them the appearance of wolves or inquisitors, for instance), an imaginary touch, such as a cross on the robe, or emphasis on some detail, the pupil in an eye, for example, bring it right out of the commonplace, cause it to transcend the merely competent, vigorous piece of fluent drawing which it is also. M. Groux's manner of dealing with a war-theme may be illustrated by a description (so far as a picture can be described: words, do not, as I have said, cannot duplicate graphic expression when it contains expression of its own) of his picture entitled J offre, where it is only just possible to distinguish the subject of his composition. But one realizes that the commander is presented inspecting a company of men who look as though they were about to conquer Heaven; soldiers with drawn swords up against a sunset sky, wearing broadly but delicately indicated uniforms of all the French army's regiments, past and present (as far as I understood), but only suggestive of these, not reproducing them. This artist's work is built at once upon illusion and allusion. It is a play upon colours creating ideas and sensations as a play upon words may be very profound and far-reaching. Henri de Groux is not a colourist in the sense that the god Turner was, and yet the magic in his work recalls that name. But, besides the magic of romanticism, poetry, and mysticism, he shares the skill in draughtsmanship so peculiarly the heritage of the artists of France, being, however, free from that trickery and theatricality to which some of its more celebrated owe reputations which should fall to Henri de Groux instead or, at least, also. * * * * M. Henri Bataille's play, L Amazone, is at the same time a reminiscence of the war we have behind and with us, and a forecast of the peace which we hope lies somewhere before us. The public, as a rule, accepted the retrospection, reserving some measure of disapproval for the anticipations. It did not grant M. Bataille the right to pass himself off as an oracle. The theme of the play is the struggle between marital attachment and patriotic passion as personified by a young girl, the "amazon" who, by her appeals, induces a middle-aged married man to enlist. The conversion of the subsequent widow to the broad attitude of national disinterestedness is victorious in the end. ##188 THE EGOIST December 1916 The cast in this, the first première since the war, is exceptional. The leading feminine roles are held by Mme. Réjane, the dolorous wife and widow; Mme. Simone, the enthusiastic "amazon"; and Mme. Grumbach. The principal masculine parts fall to Messrs. Janvier and Antoine, the last-named of whom has also acted as stage-manager. What a man is this Antoine, whose authority not the most celebrated, experienced "star" will dispute, accepting criticism from him as docilely as a debutant. Whoever works under Antoine works with him and remains his pupil even if a quarter of a century of applause may be ringing in his ears. * * * * We are, at last, being tethered to economy. The Daylight-saving Bill has been substituted by a Lamplight-saving Bill; we are to do without threates and meat for a day or two in the week; evening dress at establishments of public entertainment is forbidden, etc. These measures should have been taken before, when wisdom rather than absolute necessity would have been the inducements, and prevention avoided the need of cure. M. C. WAR [These short prose poems were sent from the trenches by a lad who is now lying in hospital and saying, " It was only flesh-wounds. I will still have the use of my legs." He had taken with him his paint-box and some Greek books, but was told to throw them away. It is pleasing to know that he liked to receive The Egoist and found it a help.] Waiting O THE long, dreary days of war, tired of the noise of the shells, hissing like the backwash on a pebbly beach. The men who trod with elastic step, civilization's triumphs, hide in funk-holes and live like rats in cellars, listening to the hated shells passing by, the sickening thud as they strike the earth and explode. O the dreams of home and peace Again! long time since have we ceased to think of those. fear The patient bear a bored look, the fearsome carry with them always the terror-haunted eyes of the hunted animal. The fearsome most oft are killed. Do they attract the spirit of death or have they a premonition? rest A French village. It is evening, calm as sleep. The soldiers' huts are erected on the verge of an orchard. Low walls and steep roofs. The petals of the apple-blossom float down one by one. A delicately tinted sky. A solitary star is visible. A few birds twitter. Peace. One passes quietly the grass-grown orchard thinking of home, the trenches forgotten. The sound of heavy guns followed by the continued rat-tat-tat of a machine-gun. All one's dreams vanish. in reserve A château pierced by shells, gaping window-spaces and doorways, shutters hanging by broken hinges, desolation and sorrow. Pavilion for collection of ancient pottery, roofless and forlorn. Greek and Roman wine-jars; bowls strewn around; small heaps of broken glass. A garden with two years' wild growth, weed-choked streams; minnow-filled fountain-basins; weakly rose-trees with sucker shoots surrounded by a forest of grass. A river bordering the garden where I wander by moonlight, letting the red mayflower kiss my forehead feverish with thought. the attack To-night, so many are to go "over the top" into the German lines. Soon some mothers' darlings will no long delight their hearts. The artillery has commenced; when it lifts, they will charge. Hearts are beating high. The fire has lifted higher. The quietness, the deliberation of the men! Then we who are safe in the trenches know not what happens. A procession of stretchers with their heavy burdens one after another pass by. The attack was successful. Their mines blown up. The procession of stretchers. Success, and the mothers at home waiting. A. H. Pennington ON SUBJECT-MATTER AND WAR POETRY A RECENT critic has written to take exception to a statement made in the Preface to the Imagist Anthology, of 1915: "It is not good art to write badly about aeroplanes and automobiles; nor is it necessarily bad art to write well about the past." The comment which this critic makes is as follows: "It is not art to write about anything. No good artist ever does write about anything. What he does set down upon paper are merely his emotions as called forth by the thing itself. When any artist sets himself the task of writing about a thing, he must fail, because all such work will be found barren of the emotional impulse that is necessary to any work of art, and to poetry especially." This distinction is important. It is as important in its way as the distinction between vers libre, based ##December 1916 THE EGOIST 189 upon definite and varying cadence, and prose chopped up into lengths. When this distinction is once completely grasped, the whole Imagist position, imperfectly stated in the 1915 Preface, as regards freedom in choice of subject is at once understood. Many critics, in England and America, have taken exception to the Imagist insistence on freedom of choice, and have retorted that most Imagist poems seem to them written about unimportant trifles. These critics have failed to understand that however free the Imagist may hold himself to write on what he chooses, the thing he does and must choose is the thing through which he can best express that emotion which he wishes to express. Therefore, it is not the subject which is important, for it may be only a trifle, it is the emotion contained in that trifle which is important. Let us illustrate: A man looks out of a window. He sees trees, bushes, grass, clouds—a landscape. Here are dozens of things which he may write about. But what in fact does he write? He consults his mood, which tells him that summer is passing and autumn near at hand. There may be in the landscape he sees nothing to remind him of this fact but one single dead leaf on his window-sill. But if the mood has fastened on that dead leaf, then the dead leaf is the poem. Or, conversely, the poet may feel obliged to contain his emotions in something larger, a city or a definite period of history. There can be no objection made to this, from the Imagist point of view, so long as the subject is definitely something, and not a mere indefinite abstraction. And this brings us finally to the question that probably many excellent poets have been asking themselves for these last two years: Has a poet a right to make use of the war as a subject? And if so, how should it be treated? If we pause to reflect for a moment, we may obtain an answer to this knotty question. The fact is, that no artist creates his subject-matter. The subject-matter is something which has moved him as being particularly beautiful or worth while; but why it should have done so, why indeed it should have been there at all, is a question he cannot answer. It simply appeared, whether he wished it to appear or not, above his mental horizon. In a sense it was something so much bigger and more important than his ordinary daily concerns that he found a pleasure in notifying the world of its presence. And this applies to the war as well as to anything else. The trouble why most poems that have been written on this war are so hopelessly banal is due to the wave of national hysteria which struck Europe at the outset and which is now just slackening. The poets devoted themselves to giving the Allies laurels and the Germans a black eye, or the reverse, as the case might be, never pausing to reflect that the war might have some significance beyond the mere question of which side was going to win, and that with some slight changes of uniform and colour, the same scenes of drilling and leavetaking, etc., were taking place in both Berlin and London. Now with another winter campaign facing us and no definite conclusion in sight, with Mr. Lloyd George and Sir William Robertson both declaring that no one can predict how much longer it may take, it is time that some one seriously took up in poetry the issue of the war—not of one side or the other, but of the whole business— or of such part thereof as he has access to. Mr. Nevinson has already done an efficient and workmanlike job in his pictures, of giving us feelings, emotions concerning war; now why should not a poet try his hand at the same thing, pray? I do not yet despair of seeing some decent war-poetry in the English language, some poetry that puts the reader face to face with the imaged reality, perplexing, horrible, and yet at times curiously beautiful. So far, this poetry has not yet made its appearance—we must go to prose to find out what the war is like, or else swallow the soothing syrups of Masefield's August 1914, or Brooke's Sonnets— charming soothing syrups, but not within a million miles of the stern crushing reality. Whatever way we look at it, the need for good war poetry is more acute now than ever. For if war is of any use, we must understand what war is like before making use of it. And if wars are useless and should be abolished it is again for the poet to show why. This is why it seems to me that it is reserved for some Imagist or the other to write (if the censor doesn't interfere) the only straightforward and truly honest views of this war we are ever likely to possess. John Gould Fletcher LITTLE TALES BY FEODOR SOLOGUB Authorized Translation from the Russian by John Cournos THE MAN WHO BECAME SMALLER THERE was a man who bought some land and a house. The land was so small that if you took one step, then another, you ran into the fence. The house was so small that you had to bend down to enter it. It made the man feel unhappy. An old sparrow said to him: " It would be a good thing if you became smaller." The man replied in a very reasonable way: "I should be indeed glad to do so, but unfortunately I was born such a giant." "You had better go to the German apothecary," said the old sparrow, "whisper to him on the quiet, and stick a nice bit of money into his hand—he will give you some reducing drops from under his microscope, and you will become a very tiny fellow." The man was overjoyed, he did everything as the old sparrow told him to do, and became as small as a tin soldier. He arrived at his house, and on his land—and everything fitted him splendidly. The house became large, ever so large—in every room you might dance a quadrille in seven thousand pairs. He divided up the house into sections, and let them out to other little men in order to gain a large profit out of his small fortune. The land too became so large that when the little man went for a stroll and attempted to walk round his property he got into a terrible perspiration from fatigue. The little man then divided up the land, and built on it little kennel-cottages, let them out and made good money out of them. He made money and took it to the bank. The little man began to get fat and rich. But a huge crow happened to fly by, caught the little man by his collar, and took him off to its nest, to feed its tots with. The little man repented for having obeyed the old sparrow, but it was too late. Perhaps the old sparrow had purposely prearranged the whole thing. DOTARD AND DOTARDESS There once lived an old dotard and old dotardess. The dotard had lived five hundred years, the dotardess four hundred. The dotard received a big pension, and gave it to the dotardess for expenses. The dotard wore an under-waistcoat close to his body, the dotardess used to dye her hair. The dotard took snuff, and went to take steam ##190 THE EGOIST December 1916 baths—the dotardess ate sweets, and went to the Russian opera. Once the dotard went to the bath, steamed himself, steamed himself, and oversteamed himself, and died on the bench. The dotardess went to the opera, called encore to the singer, shouted and shouted, and overshouted herself, and died in the gallery. The old dotard and dotardess were buried. There is nothing to grieve about: there will always be dotards and dotardesses. LITTLE SONGS He was quite a rake in appearance—he loafed about in the streets and in the roads, sat for hours in the taverns and looked on at the jolly wenches; nothing was sacred to him, and because of that he received very little respect. Only sometimes he walked out to the cross-roads, and began to sing; he knew such words that everything answered him at that moment—the birds in the woods, and the wind in the fields, and the waves in the sea. The little dog, Silly bark, said: "It's bad, bad! It's all nonsense." And the cunning fox said: "Bad, bad! He sings only earthly songs, he has forgotten God." What did it matter? Everything living answered him: the birds of the woods, the waves of the sea, and the roving winds. TWO POEMS By N. G. Kapp TESTING PIN-points of light penetrating the choking dust. Half naked, sweating forms melting into massive black machinery. Bared copper bars, and bright steel facings Plashing strings of light. Yellow beams of timber vanishing in a bottomless pit Rumbling woolly thuds of work below. I turn—and touch the naked wire. Quivering flashes surge up through my staggering body. Hideous leering faces rush for the switchboard— A gradual numbing of sight and sound And ugly desire to drop— When deep within I feel a burst of laughter And write across my brain: Insulation good. EXISTENCE A line of lights creeping away To end suddenly in blackness. Over a stretch of muddy brown I creep along the fence. Around me noises, Babble of incessant, senseless chatter And ghastly drifting. Above the moon looks down And grins. Ruhleben Concentration Camp. AMERICAN POEMS THE NYMPH HER limbs less round, Her breasts and hips a little fallen She lives now among the big-leaved trees only. Her eyes which were laughing and tantalizing Like some passionate virgin's Now express a brooding sadness Which disquiets me even more. A YOUNG GIRL Your, hands are almost resting on your dress Yet it appears to me as though your fingers Were plucking an unseen rose: "He loves me—he loves me not." THE RIDERS I The flowers were as tall as trees; Their stalks were ruddy and golden; Of almost transparent gold were their large curling petals; A thick haze of gold like a dense rain was between them; Forms I could not distinguish moved about— Soared and hovered around. II Galloping, neighing horses Passed me, and maidens in gauzy blue wraps Ran after them; they stopped and stooped to me Teasingly; They pulled my hair or walloped me with their hair, They put their cheeks against mine, or kissed me On my neck where my collar was open. III A dusky-blue rain was falling, falling Like close thin drops of vapour. It hung. It filled the air. The maidens, the horses, the indistinguishable forms Became freer and bolder. I could hear Their calls, their outcries; the crunching Of their lips. . . . THE RIDDLE Long ago we were somewhere together. We played and others played with us. You took something, or was it Given to you? Was it only a trifle or Something important? Was it something of mine? The look in your eyes now— Is it bravado? Is it a crooning joy! It puzzles me and haunts me. It is like a thirst. SUMMER I, too, loved them—red, blue, and purple On their stalks, but pity Always made me gentle. I did not even allow my soul To go too near. Your lips are too passionate And your hands too greedy. All you have taken from me too And scattered to the winds! ##December 1916 THE EGOIST 191 TWO One caused a river to be dipped dry Yet the water-nymph wasn't found. Through bone and flesh One dug for a soul with his lips. Where does your gaze wander? I will twine myself tight about you And turn to me your head And your eyes, your mouth. Do you not know? Do you not care? FOOTSTEP A soft secret footstep— Your secret footstep, Was it a footstep? Is it the gleam of a foot? I crawl, I grovel, I prick my hands and swing forward. Have I, the worm, heard it before? Is some one lashing me Or pulling? My heart, do you know something Which I do not? THE COMING I see you through the miles of air Clearly As I see a cloud or the moon. You sometimes come and sit down In my room, and your goodness and your sweetness Fill the space Like light: Your young heart Flutters, and your voiceless words Fall around me— A fine shower. Max Michelson. CORRESPONDENCE DREISER PROTEST To the Editor of The Egoist Madam,—I am surprised at the tone of the article by Mr. Ezra Pound in the October number of The Egoist, and wish to place in your hands a protest against such superficial judgments placed on the American people. We are, unfortunately for ourselves, carrying the load of a long Puritanical ancestry, and undoubtedly the attempted suppression of Dreiser is a most serious matter in the intellectual life of this country. But in my opinion it is not a matter that can be settled by the idle anger of those who decry America and have no belief in her. I am no uncertain critic of my own country, and to me the unimaginative "patriot" is about as silly a specimen as the modern show has to put on view. And at the present moment I realize that there is some reason for you who are living amid a struggle between monstrous forces to be disinclined to place much faith in us. In a way I do not blame you. You have read our papers and wondered at their deliberate hiding of the truth. You have been a witness to our hideous failure in Mexico, and our refusal to enter the fight with you under a policy of semi-disinterestedness which now, as in the past, is very liable to be misunderstood by a foreign Power. But it would be foolishness for me to criticize the President at this moment. Though I disagree heartily with him I know that he is an overworked individual and bowed down with cares. No doubt he has neglected chances and has refused to assume responsibilities, and pursue a direct course. But I must confess that I have heard no man or woman state clearly any really better thing he might have done and still pleased the people he represents. And English criticism of us is on account of just the sort of shortcomings which you yourselves as a nation have so often evinced. So, too, in relation to our intellectual affairs: certainly America s not alone in having this battle to fight. England has driven her Shelleys and her Byrons from her shores time and time again, and America will do the same, I have no doubt. You have your censor, your moralists. You crush an Oscar Wilde beneath the heel of your moralist element. You leave a Francis Thompson almost to starve in the gutter. In all honesty there is probably as much opposition to "amoral" art in England as there is here, in proportion to the population. We realize, however, how enormous is the injury being done to letters by the pernicious activities of a large set, and I and others are fighting with all our strength to minimize it. Still, should we fail I hope we shall not run blubbering into the street and begin calling every one names. If we fail some one else will carry on the work. A country which has produced a Whitman and an Alexander Hamilton can surely produce other titans and finally accept them. The public gradually forgets the battle, and works of art which were assailed in times gone by now occupy permanent niches in the halls of fame. The opposition to Whitman in Boston is now nearly forgotten; the bitterness against Poe, fostered by such biographers as Griswold, is forgotten utterly. So will it be with Dreiser. Nothing on earth can stop such a man from doing his work. Hundreds and hundreds of people admire him and read his novels over and over again. Sister Carrie is a classic already. Jennie Gerhardt is gaining ground, and The Trilogy of Desire is known from coast to coast. A large religious element naturally clings to an unreasoning hatred because of his criticisms of the faith: that is to be expected. And beyond and above this there is an overwhelming majority who have yet to learn of him and only await the opportunity. Surely this condition calls for no bitterness, no anathemas, no vaporings of intellect. I assert that such statements as "America has ceased to matter" are calculated to hinder us rather then help. Also I think we may take it that Mr. Pound is mistaken when he says that Mr. Dreiser will leave America. Tell us the truth in your fascinating little magazine. I have long been a reader of it. We are, as a matter of fact, a surprisingly quick race to adopt advances in thought. That is why such men as Dreiser can thrive and go about their work in face of a thousand societies seeking their suppression. A Member of the Authors' League of America New York, Oct. 24, 1916. The Little Review LITERATURE, DRAMA, MUSIC, ART MARGARET C ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called " the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- -;- THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning.................. Name.................................. Address................................ ................... ##192 THE EGOIST December 1916 THE POETRY JOURNAL editors EDMUND R. BROWN BLANCHE SHOEMAKER WAGSTAFF If you are a reader of poetry, this is the one magazine you cannot afford to miss. Every issue contains twenty to thirty pages of new poetry; important reviews of new books of verse; selections—in the Counsellors' Tavern — from the poetic opinion of all time; selections from new volumes; lists of all new books and magazine articles on poetry; and poems of distinction in the current magazines selected for The Poetry Journal by William Stanley Braithwaite. In making a selection of poetry to print, the Editors are not restricted by considerations of subject, school, or length. Complete plays, long narrative poems, odes, and shorter pieces of all kinds and of all schools are published. The Poetry Journal represents an anthology of the best verse produced by modern poets, and is a complete record of the poetic renaissance. Monthly. Fifteen cents a copy. $1.50 per year Canada $1.62. Foreign $1.74 Published by THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY 67 Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. For Sale at the Poetry Bookshop, London. THE CONTEMPORARY SERIES IMAGES-OLD AND NEW By Richard Aldington The only volume of verse by one of the most important contemporary poets. FIVE MEN AND POMPEY By Stephen Vincent Benet A series of dramatic portraits, being moments in the lives of Sertorius, Lucillus, Cicero, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey, outlining the drama of the Republic's fall. THE ENGLISH TONGUE By Lewis Worthington Smith War poems—a group of inspiring and fiery lyrics of the modern ballad type. HORIZONS. By Robert Alden Senborn A first volume of poems in which many critics see unmistakable signs of genius. JUDGMENT. By Amelia J. Burr Play in one act in verse, by the author of The Roadside Fire. A poignant tragedy of Salem witchcraft days. THE HOMECOMING By Paul Eldridge Two one-act plays of the Great War. Each volume about 5 by 7 inches; printed on heavy antique paper; bound with coloured wrapper over boards; covers ornamented with designs. Send for complete descriptive catalogue. Price 60 cents each at all booksellers. Postage extra. For sale at The Poetry Bookshop, London. THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY, Publishers Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. POETRY Edited by HARRIET MONROE A Magazine of Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- " The Best Magazine — by far—in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. It has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. Subscribe at once—the April number began Vol. VII. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning............................................................................. Name................................................................................................................................... Address............................................................................................................................... POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (5d. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the "Iphigenia in Aulis" of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C. The Second Series is unavoidably postponed. EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended, for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The New Freewoman Ltd., and crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. Printed by The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman Ltd. at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##