The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist No. 5.—Vol. V. MAY 1918. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN CONTENTS PAGE Philosophy: The Science of Signs. XVI— Our Philosophy of the "Real." By D. Marsden . . 65 Hymn to Virginity. By John Rodker . . .69 Observations. By T. S. Apteryx . . . .69 "Psittacus Eois Imitatrix Ales ab Indis." By Sacheverell Sitwell ......70 Passing Paris. By M. C. .......71 PAGE The Anglo-French Society and M. Davray. By Ezra Pound.........73 Towards a Theatre of Peace. By Huntly Carter . . 72 A Celebration. By William Carlos Williams . . .73 The French Word in Modern Prose. X— Jean Giraudoux. By Madame Ciolkowska . . . .74 Short Notices ........ 75 XVI. OUR PHILOSOPHY OF THE "REAL" By D. Marsden I (1) WE have defined philosophy as the science of signs, and the rôle of the philosopher as the guardian of that intricately interrelated classification-structure into which signs have spontaneously grown. Close and sustained scrutiny of this structure has proved itself capable of yielding a summary of the kinds of procedure by which it can be maintained in health, and likewise of those by which it becomes infected with its peculiar disease—confusion, and in insisting on the more drastic application of these recognizable rules of well-being the philosopher slowly but inevitably grows into an apprehension of his own particular task as an ever more and more delicate work of redefinition. By the nature of the demands peculiar to it philosophy is self-determined as the neatening of the edges of definitions: particularly of those which relate to the ultimate elements of our experience. By making every such term keep strictly within the limits assigned to it, philosophy begins to see its way clear to put into operation—even in respect of our most ultimate concerns—those principles of exhaustive and mutually exclusive subdivision which maintain the system of signs in that condition of soundness and integrity in which each sign holds a definite relation to all other signs, and yet is so clearly outlined in itself that its use involves no tangling and straining of the symbolic material which is woven together with it. (2) The term reality itself instances the kind of condition under which a philosophy cognizant of its own true utility could have value. There is no term in respect of which attempts at definition more markedly rip, jag, distort and warp the connected symbolic material. The strain set up by the attempt to muster for it ambiguity-free synonyms—which in definition is what we endeavour to do—makes it plain how far we are from certainty as to what synonymity in this connexion actually is. (3) It is in tacit appreciation of these disagreements among the doctors as to the exact bearings of reality that the unsophisticated man— engrossingly concerned as he is with what is real—is mainly very disinclined to put the question: What is reality? And when he does it is rather in that spirit of scepticism concerning the validity of any answer which one must suppose constituted Pilate's excuse for not pausing for a reply when on a famous occasion he posed a sister question: What is truth? Yet these same terms real and true—which embody the kernel of the meaning of reality and truth—have been coined by wayfaring men for practical use, and not even the bluntest "common" sense would readily become reconciled to their loss. Men hold to them because they have a steadily recurring everyday use for them: from which fact it is necessary to infer that as far as their essential meaning is concerned that meaning is a simple and obvious one. (4) This latter observation it is of great importance to the philosopher to keep in mind when he sets himself the task of framing a definition of real. It behoves him to remember that the explanation of the meaning of real must be of a nature sufficiently obvious to account for the fact that untutored non-specialist intelligence should have conceived it and showed its faith in it by establishing it among the most familiar group of our conceptions at the very time that we all profess our inability to explain and expound it. (5) In shaping our own conception of the real, therefore, we have adopted for our guidance these tenets. In the first place, any account to be satisfying must be simple. Any explanation highly metaphysical—in the popularly accepted meaning of that term—we allow ourselves to assume in advance to be wrong. In the second place, we hold that our task will be adequately carried through if we can explain what is meant by real. That is to say. we shall, notwithstanding the age-long controversy bound ##66 THE EGOIST May 1918 up with it, take for granted the position that the sole facts to be taken account of in distinguishing reality from the real are grammatical convenience on the one hand, and on the other conveniences of emphasis: which latter ends are subserved by the abstraction of a single quality from the total complex of experience in which the quality finds its existence, In order to heighten the emphasis which it is desired should be laid on any one quality it is common for the remainder of the experience for purposes of speaking to be temporarily ignored. This is the fashion in which we conceive all abstract qualities to be formed, and in accordance with our conception we hold that the onus of proving reality to differ from the real on any deeper grounds must be laid upon those who adopt an opposing position. (6) Our third guiding principle is one so obvious that were it not that its obviousness ordinarily serves not only to justify the omission of its enumeration, but the omission also of its observance, it might be allowed to pass without saying. In the circumstances, however, it seems advisable to enumerate it. It is this: the exposition of reality must not be an unrelated outwork of the rest of our logic. It must show itself coherent with the containing logic of the universe in which it occupies an involved niche. It is with this demand in mind that we shall recapitulate here the main points of that logic of ultimate things which formed the burden of our previous chapter. It is as follows: The widest subdivision of the totality of experience upon which symbols have laid their knowledge-creating mark is that of the external world. So wide-sweeping is this subdivision that the only item required to render it coextensive with the universe is the organic body which experiences (i.e. feels) both. Therefore for every given case, the external world plus its related organic body equals the universe. The characteristic which can be attributed indiscriminately to every item of experience constituting both these divisions obviously is none other than that of being experienced: or being felt: by the organism. The latter feels, severally and in bulk, all which belongs to the world and all which belongs to itself. Thia fact in both cases equally is precisely what is meant by existence. Outside the range of the organism's feeling there exists nothing. The felt effects of any given organism exhaust and constitute the universe of that organism. We are hereupon met with the question: Into what more simple and ambiguity-free terms can we render the term feeling itself? We commit ourselves to the opinion that what are called feelings could be synonymously rendered as so many forms of movements and tensions of the experiencing organic substance. Therefore: any universe (or ego) is the sum of the movements and tensions of a given organism, and it is this total which finds itself divided and exhausted into two groups: those of the organism-body and those of the external world. The finding of the principle of division which yields these two exhaustive groups necessitates a very careful picking of one's way among terms. As a result of it, however, we arrive in our opinion at a conclusion which can be stated thus: The one feeling which is common to all the items of the external world can be described as that of being endowed with a location external to the limits of the organic-body which feels it. We need, therefore, to explain what sort of significance the term external may possess consonantly with the asserted character of the universe as a whole. We conceive this significance after this fashion: Certain of the movements of the experiencing organic substance must be impressed with a particular form of tension which has the effect of making the movements thus impressed yield the sensation of being projected beyond the area of the organism-body. It is this sensation which goes by the name of externality. The group of movements thus infected is very large, and it is the sum of these which makes up the contents of the external world of any given organism. The remaining organic movements comprise the specifically intra-organic world viewed under the aspect of sensation. It is to be noted and emphasized, however, that the contents of both worlds (ex-organic and intra-organic) are composed of the movements enacted in the substance of the one organism which experiences them. Knowledge, therefore, of either group of items will resolve itself into knowledge of the powers of movement of the knowing organism. And as, in accordance with our definition of what constitutes the peculiarly modified activity or experience of knowing, the human organism is the only vital form which possesses the physical mechanism which knowing involves, the pursuit of knowledge will resolve itself into the study of the powers of movement of the human mechanism. (7) Briefly, our exposition of the known phenomenon was this: Any object is known when we have experience of it under two orders of existence. The one order is that of conception, or thought, whose distinguishing characteristic is that it can be created and re-created at the bare instance of the symbol. The other is that order fuller and richer in its expenditure of organic movement which on this very account is much less volatile and much more stubborn to create, demanding conditions much more elaborate in the way of releasing cue. We can say that the items of the first, or conceptual, order are such as can be started into being by the very minimum in the way of instigating movement. For the purposes of their creation, demand is made for nothing whatever, for instance, in the way of preliminary excitement of the senses via their termini on the organic periphery. The forms of the second order, on the other hand, normally require precisely this terminal sense-excitement, and in order to obtain just the specific cues necessary to instigate it the organism usually needs to embark on a course of externalized movement varying according to circumstances from the simplest to the most elaborate. This more elaborate mode of creating sense-forms by excitations of the peripheral organs is incomparably the older of the two. The far simpler mode of creating forms by the internally produced instigating symbol is a very recent development: a novelty. It is precisely the effect of its operation in conjunction with the older order which has yielded us the phenomenon of the known. (8) Power to create and apply symbols being, therefore, the very essence of the meaning of the known, if—as seems almost conclusive—Man is the sole organism to possess this power, then knowledge and all that pertains to and arises from knowledge is limited to Man alone. It will be the labour of the succeeding argument to show that reality, like knowledge, is also an exclusively human experience with its roots bedded in the selfsame source. Very definitely, therefore, when we set out in search of knowledge of reality are we directed towards a scrutiny of those vital powers which have to be regarded as exclusively human. (9) We should to some extent be able to instruct ourselves as to what these uniquely human powers are by referring to those definitions of Man which have already been propounded by those who have made it their business to "place" the human species among other vital organisms. It is, however, to be noted that these definitions have been framed not to express all that is uniquely human in the power of Man, but only just so much of this as is sufficient unmistakably to differentiate Man from all other organic forms along the line of some particular branch of observation. It has been sufficient that the definition should differentiate; it has not been required that it should exhaust the total of difference. Accordingly, just as the special interest of one observer has differed from that of another so has his definition tended to differ. (10) Fundamentally, however, all definitions of Man tend to reduce to two types: the type which seeks and finds Man's differentiation in externalized differences of organic structure; and the type which finds his uniqueness in that human power whose ##May 1918 THE EGOIST 67 physical seat is inner, and whose expression accordingly tends to be more occult. We mean the power called mental. On the one hand we get such a definition as the naturalist's: "Man is the (mammiferous) animal which possesses two hands." On the other hand, we get the typical definition of the logician: "Man is the animal which reasons": that is to say: the animal which possesses a mind. (11) Let us look closely at these apparently diverging definitions. What we seek is a common feature under which both may be subsumed. In the light of our own interpretation of the genesis of mind, we find it to be this. Both powers represent a vast augmentation (involving control) of organic mobility. This increased mobile power has, however, found itself an outlet along two diverging physical channels. A single form of power, vastly augmented, has bifurcated, and according to its particular physical form of egress has taken on sharply differentiated dual functions. One, in the increased mobility expressed in the hand, has evolved itself into the manipulative, manufacturing, constructure interfering power which has transformed the items of the external world. The other, in the increased mobility and control of the muscles of the throat and head, has evolved itself into that power to create and apply symbols which collectively we know as the power of mind, and to which has to be referred all those mental products which constitute the human innovations of the conceptual, or thought, world. (We have already indicated to what an important extent symbolization is indebted in our opinion to the altered balance of the entire human structure. Inasmuch as this last factor is responsible for the heightened power of sensory muscular clutch, it is responsible for that sense of heightened saliency which is so strongly in evidence throughout our entire human sensory experience. It is this highly salient character of experience which is, we hold, necessary for the furnishing of the symbolic power's basis in imitation. And imitation is, we hold, symbolization's "kicking-off" place. The extent to which the freeing of the fore limbs and the development of hands must be due to the same factor is even more plainly obvious. For a consideration of the first aspect of this subject, the reader can be referred to an earlier study on "The Power of the Will," Egoist, February issue.) II (12) Now the characteristic feature of our philosophy of the real is that we conceive the latter as finding its significance precisely in this bifurcation of the augmenting mobile human power. It is the latter's twin-manifestation as a power of manual construction on the one hand and a power of symbolization on the other that gives birth to the order of real existence. The real is something born of these two powers, acting in the capacity of antithetical relations. As far as an explanation of reality goes, neither of these powers acting independently is competent to furnish a solution. Though the one unique power may suffice for the needs of the definition of the naturalist, and the other unique power for those of the logician (of sorts), for all who seek to expound reality (for all philosophers that is) the two powers must be construed in the light of a dually functioning unity. The latter have to accustom themselves to look on real as a purely relative term, and just as other relative terms derive their meaning solely from the completing term to which they relate: just as, for instance, the term parent explains itself solely in terms of offspring; the term right in reference to that of left and the like: just so must real be explained in terms of the hypothetical and the symbolic. A thing is real when we, by putting into operation the more extended powers of movement which our freed limbs place at our disposal, bring about the existence of forms of that more amplified order of organic movement which includes excitation of the peripheral sense-organs, and of the same type as the forms antecedently created by the simple enactment of the symbol which, as label, does duty for the forms of both orders. We have to regard the symbolically-created form as the form-type created by the very minimum of organic movement; while the real has to be regarded as this organic motor-minimum's antithetical relation. Forms grow progressively more "real" in direct proportion to the wealth of pertinent movement expended on their creation, and as only arbitrary limits can be set upon this expenditure, the world of real things ought to show in connexion with single forms degrees of reality corresponding to the wealth of movement lavished on them. This is, in fact, exactly what we find. The "same" things do not remain the same under the lavish expenditure of effort represented by chemical and physical "experiment" as under the comparatively meagre expenditure represented by the movements of the unaided sensory apparatus. (13) But, however far real things develop along this path of progressively extending movement, the fact which constitutes their realness remains unchanged. Always, it is the expression of the relationship which they—as the creations of extended schemes of movement involving the excitation of the peripheral sense-organs—bear to related schemes created by the symbols which serve as common labels for both orders. It is the expression of what we can create by "doing" in the extended sense which (basically) necessitates the employment of the hands contrasted with the expression of what we can create by "doing" in the most rarefied medium possible, i.e. by means of those movements of head and throat, which in enunciating words create the forms and visions of thought. To the latter form of "action" we are accustomed indeed to deny the name of action. Owing to its drastically limited bearing we are content to call it merely assertion (audible or silent), allowing ourselves to make all the while the implication that the latter is something which is in antithesis to action. The antithesis, however, is merely that of a motor-minimum to any form of activity progressing beyond the bounds of that minimum. The rubicon is definitely passed when the extended movement involves employment of the hands. Thus the factor which was partner to the creation of reality establishes the criterion to which all crucial tests must have recourse when any doubt arises anent a thing's reality. (14) It may appear that to say a thing is real when we find that we can produce by extended (manual) action what in thought-form we asserted we could, is to reduce the philosophy of reality to a level of commonplace at which it ceases to be unworthy to be classed with the profundities of philosophy. Such judgment, however, we believe to be wrong, and it is, in our opinion, because it has prevailed that no progress has been made towards any ultimate understanding of the real. The reason, of course, why a sceptical glance can be expected to fall on this simple explanation is clear. The terms to do and to say are the most commonplace in our vocabulary. We refer to them in the most casual and matter-of-fact manner. No atmosphere of freshness or novelty clings to them. Yet it is these two powers which represent all that is unique and innovating in the human species. It is they which create the profound differences of procedure which exist between those of Man and those of every other type of organic life, and a first step towards bringing about an understanding of the real must be a correcting of the easy acceptance and slurring over of these revolutionizing ^novelties. ##68  THE EGOIST May 1918 (15) To this end we need an illustration striking enough to indicate something of the degree and quality of the innovation they effect. The only adequate parallel which presents itself to our minds is that of the introduction into the biological world of the principle of sexual differentiation. Between these two innovations, separated from each other by countless ages of time, there is a remarkable degree of similarity. Barring that single outstanding difference which is constituted by the fact that in the case of sex specialization of function is worked out in separate organisms, whereas in the distinguishingly human innovations both functions are vested in the one organism, the points of likeness between these two landmarks of evolutionary progress are impressively striking. The bifurcation of the hitherto single order of sensed-existence into the two orders of thought-existence and real-existence matches precisely that emergence of dual agencies, opposite but related, which supervened upon the organic world in the principle of propagation of organic species by the joint action of male and female, Both innovations again seek, by differentiation and specialization of function, to speed up the rate of development in their respective products: the real on the one hand and the individual member of an organic species on the other. Both create their antithetically related differences out of powers which basically are homogeneous and one. In both cases the destined end: the swifter development of their joint creations: is attained by securing for desire a longer rein for play. And in order that this enlarged scope of desire shall take on fresh meaning in the possibility of actual achievement both establish in their respective spheres a new element of choice. By these means in both cases all those upward-striving and self-defining tendencies, too weak and immature to establish themselves definitely in either of the parent bodies can, as the outcome of the latters' possibility of choice, seize upon forms possessing the desired characteristics in more pronounced form. In the case of sex, even before the era of definite choice fully dawned, when fertilization took effect by a chance propinquity, propagation was delivered from the monotonous repetition of like from like; and it stood at least a sporting chance that it would find in its chance partner a reinforcement of what was best in itself and a weakening of what was feeblest. (16) We are not, however, concerned here with the question of the extent and rapidity with which sexual differentiation has influenced the propagation of life-forms for their betterment. It is sufficient merely to indicate how close a parallel exists, and how economically the innovating forces of life spend themselves. There are such vast changes in the effects, yet such minute changes in the means adopted to obtain them. "Progress through differentiation and specialization" is the formula which explains the advent of the real as the joint offspring of the manual and symbolic powers, just as it is that which explains the advent of individual members of organic species through the joint agencies of male and female. (17) To return to the real. At the first glance it appears nothing short of miraculous that two powers so adapted to the supplementation of each other as the symbolic and manual powers are should emerge simultaneously. More closely considered, however, it becomes clear that the two are related not only by what they can effect in the novel creation of the real. It becomes apparent that the symbolic power must originally have been yoked with the manual in the capacity of the latter's check and safeguard. We might indicate the nature of the relationship by saying that it is unsafe for an organism to possess hands until it possesses also the mind which can restrain them. The widely extended powers of the hand, its capacity for interference with the organism's environment, invite to an enterprise of action in the unknown which practically would constitute an invitation to the organism's own destruction. And, as probably the manual power was the first of the two to mature in the order of time, the hand representing no striking innovation in itself, but only the cumulation of an advancing series of minute developments in the fore limbs, no doubt the drastic discipline of consequences automatically weeded out such organisms as, possessing hands, did not at the same time possess some agency capable of laying a bridle upon their temerities. The effect must have been to speed up the perfecting of the mechanism of the thought-world. For not only could the latter check the enterprise of the hands. That was not the prime essential, since the most effectual check in this respect would be to have no hands. The thought-world could certainly restrain the hands, but at the same time, and more important, it proved itself capable of opening out a medium in which all this manual recklessness could work itself off under the assurance of a complete unanimity in regard to consequences. It met, therefore, two demands: that of restraint and that of enterprise: the latter, however, happily transferred from hand to head: from externalized action to internalized action. Under this protecting medium, every daring new combination of activities could take form and mature in a world of existence apart, and only after it had fructified there and shown its nature and tendency, was it cautiously dowered upon the uncompromising energies of the hand. Comparatively speaking, in the world of fancy all things were safe. "Between our acts and the thoughts of our acts there is a mighty gulf fixed," as one of our writers has put it—with the feeling preface, "God be thanked!" (18) Under such an interpretation as the foregoing there begins to appear less mystery in connexion with the simultaneous emergence of these parent agencies of the real—hands and mind, and no mystery whatever as to why the symbolic creation should in the sequel have preceded the manual. The former, as popular speech has already indicated, is literally conception, and the safety of human activities depends upon the concept obtaining precedence in their generation. Only by maintaining this order in human affairs can man save himself from destruction at his own hands. Whenever manual activity gets out of hand and constructs in advance of adequate thought, the same threat of extinction begins to menace him as must have menaced transitional man before mind fully established itself as an invariable concomitant of the possession of hands. Nowhere do we find a stronger apprehension of this fact than in primitive man whose awed submission to "spiritual" agencies creates amazement in an age which, swinging to the other extreme, has discounted totally the authority of the symbol, and has stripped itself naked of its old religions before it has taken the precaution to see a new one shaped. In primitive times, the inhibitory forces of thought imposed themselves upon action in a strength so great as to cause the inhibitory influence to recoil back upon thought itself, and almost to petrify even that volatile essence. This for primitive man constituted his religion's practical side. But in modern times, this primitive tendency has been replaced by its opposite. Since the authority of the older religious forms began to be undermined by the advent of a wider knowledge, the authority of the symbolic in general has experienced steady deterioration, until finally no body of philosophic principles exists possessing force enough to inhibit any course of action, provided the latter be strong enough to enforce itself in the immediate present. Upon ,this condition of affairs our present state is the sufficiently pointed commentary. In the first place, we find an almost purely manufacturing age ushered into existence in which constructive ingenuity travels by its own unbridled momen- ##May 1918 THE EGOIST 69 tum, fabricating a multiplicity of creations which are an hourly distraction, at the same time that it destroys a beauty whose lack creates an hourly thirst. In simple default of knowledge of anything more worth while upon which its ingenuity might be spent, it thereupon proceeds to the fabrication of effects which from being merely non-vital become definitely anti-vital. Finally, without warning or preamble, we open our eyes upon a human world shattering and bleeding itself to death in order to give purpose to the destructive instruments of its own creation. And modern philosophy has produced nothing of sufficient force or conviction to check by a single scruple this giddy, power of the hand. Uninstructed human instinct has been left to fend blindly for itself, and has succeeded in providing its purposeless creations with a purpose after the event, by rousing into new life an abandoned ape-like rage and greed which, to be honest, most men find exceedingly alien to themselves. However, in the very nature of things, to attempt to carry on its intricate existence without an adequate philosophy must always for the human species be a very temporary aberration. In long ages of time, disasters of a similar kind may many times have threatened the species, but the consequences are too harsh for them to have continued long, since for the most heedless of such as escaped the weight of the punishment must have served to correct the balance. Whence we get the birth of the sense that what men may do must inevitably be dictated in the long run by a sense of direction worked out in thought. The restraint laid upon the works of the hand will be dictated not wholly by the sense of immediate penalties, but by a sense of destiny which mind has been able to come by in that universal sweep of experience which the etherially fine substance of the symbol renders possible. (19) It is the power to generate, with impunity, in the thought-world acts which, involving the whole body, would be the height of recklessness that has enabled the symbol to commandeer the whole range of experience—beneficial and hostile. Emboldened by this sense of immunity, man has dared to plunge every type of action and thing into this fine impress-taking symbolic material for its re-creation at will. All the assets of his past experience he has thus been able to liquidate and make current in the present. (This chapter to be continued) HYMN TO VIRGINITY The Virgin Sings Lo! we treasured our wine till it went sour. The State stored it for us in the churches' vaults. When we went for it it gave us colic, Invocation It has gone sour— it has given us colic, spoilt our complexions, eaten away our hearts. Therefore love is dead in us. Can we longer believe in the goodness of man and the sons of men? Yet stay! maybe one skin ripening more slowly will have marvellous body, be as luminous as new suns, more maddening than wind. * * * * "Vinegar, vinegar, will no one' buy vinegar?" John Rodker OBSERVATIONS MR. FORD MADOX HUEFFEE, in his Henry James, remarks upon journalese, that flail of the Anglo-Saxon race, that infinite corruptor of the Anglo-Saxon mind, that destined and ultimate cause of the downfall of Anglo-Saxon empires, since the race that cannot either in allegories or in direct speech think clearly is doomed to fall before nations who can, and Japan is ever on the threshold with the tendrils twining round its well-ropes..... I am not sure of the imminent ascendancy of Japan, a busy commercial country, and the degeneracy of one civilization does not seem to be inevitably accompanied by the rise of another; but Mr. Hueffer's warning is certainly just, and could perhaps be stated in more general terms. What we want is to disturb and alarm the public: to upset its reliance upon Shakespeare, Nelson, Wellington, and Sir Isaac Newton; to point out that at any moment the relation of a modern Englishman to Shakespeare may be discovered to be that of a modern Greek to AEschylus. To point out that every generation, every turn of time when the work of four or five men who count has reached middle age, is a crisis. Also that the intelligence of a nation must go on developing, or it will deteriorate; and that every writer who does not help to develop the language is to the extent to which he is read a positive agent of deterioration. That the forces of deterioration are a large crawling mass, and the forces of development half a dozen men. And (here as well as anywhere else) that the Intelligence of modern Europe is considerably due to Montaigne, and that through most of the nineteenth century the mind of France has always been a little ahead of the mind of England, if the English mind has not actually degenerated. The Englishman, completely untrained in critical judgment, looks complacently back over the nineteenth century as an accumulation of Great Writers. England puts her Great Writers away securely in a Safe Deposit Vault, and curls to sleep like Fafner. There they go rotten; for if our predecessors cannot teach us to write better than themselves, they will surely teach us to write worse; because we have never learned to criticize Keats, Shelley, and Wordsworth (poets of assured though modest merit), Keats, Shelley, and Wordsworth punish us from their graves with the annual scourge of the Georgian Anthology. We must insist upon the importance of intelligent criticism. I do not mean Sainte-Beuve, for the work of that great curious restless brain is rather a part of history than of literature, the history of manners, memoirs, boudoir whispers; or the political-ethical-religious writing of Brunetière or the highly superior Extension Lectures of M. Faguet; I mean the ceaseless employment of criticism by men who are engaged in creative work. It is essential that each generation should reappraise everything for itself. Who, for instance, has a first-hand opinion of Shakespeare? Yet I have no doubt that much could be learned by a serious study of that semi-mythical figure. * * * * I have seen the forces of death with Mr. Chesterton at their head upon a white horse. Mr. Pound, Mr. Joyce, and Mr. Lewis write living English; one does not realize the awfulness of death until one meets with the living language, M. de Bosseliere "writes a living French; and we can now probably also count as a living writer Miss Marianne Moore.* (There is some rubbish and a quite reasonable amount of good stuff in Others, but Miss Moore is particularly interesting. Mr. Pound, reviewing the * In Others, an Anthology. Edited by Alfred Kreymborg. Alfred A. Knopf, New York. $1.25 net. ##70 THE EGOIST May 1918 book in the March Little Review, couples Miss Moore with Miss Mina Loy, and points out the type of verse of these two writers, inheritors, perhaps unconsciously, of Laforgue: " logopœia . . . a dance of the intelligence among words and ideas and modifications of words and ideas." Miss Loy's "Effectual Marriage" is extremely good, and suggestive of de Bosschère (whom Miss Loy has probably not read). When Miovanni thought alone in the dark Gina supposed that peeping she might see A round light shining where his mind was She never opened the door Fearing that this might blind her Or even That she should see Nothing at all. But Miss Loy has not here presented such a bulk of work as Miss Moore, and it is impossible to tell whether there is a positive œuvre or only a few successes. "Human Cylinders" is not so good; she needs the support of the image, even if only as the instant point of departure; in this poem she becomes abstract, and the word separates from the thing. Miss Moore is utterly intellectual, but not abstract; the word never parts from the feeling; her ideas, imageless, remain quite personal. Even in Laforgue there are unassimilated fragments of metaphysics and, on the other hand, of sentiment floating about; I will not assert that Miss Moore is as interesting in herself as Laforgue, but the fusion of thought and feeling is perhaps more complete. She has an admirable sense of form: I recall their magnificence, not now more magnificent Than it is dim. It is difficult to recall the ornament Speech, and precise manner of what one might Call the minor acquaintances twenty Years back; but I shall not forget him—that Gilgamesh among The hairy carnivora— that cat with the Wedge-shaped, slate-grey marks on its forelegs and the resolute tail, and a sort of Latin stateliness. I do not know what Miss Moore has read, but being an American has perhaps aided her to avoid the diet of nineteenth-century English poetry. (Mr. Henry James and Mr. Conrad were also foreigners.) I dare say Miss Moore has written much bad stuff in her time, but the poems in this anthology have the distinctive and un-Anglo-Saxon character of an œuvre; it is not one or two fortunate hits but the whole body of work that counts. * * * * A writer of literary criticism may be doing one of several things, or he may be doing them all; but he certainly ought to know which he is doing, and not confuse them all under the name of criticism. Perhaps the essence of his work is bringing the art of the past to bear upon the present, making it relevant to the actual generation through his own temperament, which must itself interest us. Remy de Gourmont and Laurent Tailhade are good critics; their temperaments are interesting, and they have a keen sense of actuality and a conscientious sense of fact. A great deal of critical writing is aimless appreciation which is pernicious in so far as it encourages people to the lazy occupation of reading about w;orks of art instead of forming their own opinions. Two books from Dublin* are not altogether useless, though the greater part of both need not have been written. Professor Eudmose-Brown writes somewhat like a professor who wants to write; we are told that one of his qualifications is a personal acquaintance with the symbolists; but his essays on Stuart Merrill and * French Literary Studies. By Professor T. B. Rudmose-Brown, D.Litt. Appreciations and Depreciations. Irish Literary Studies. By Ernest A. Boyd. Both published by The Talbot Press, Ltd., Dublin, and T. Fisher Unwin. Both 3s. 6d. net. Viélé-Griffin are the weakest in the book. Mr. Rudmose-Brown explains their philosophy and ideals; which in the case of men like Merrill and Griffin is not very exciting. We do not want to be told that Griffin's work is a hymn to life, nor do we need to hear that Mallarmé is alembicated and precious. There is an interesting letter of Merrill's on page 102, containing the sentence: "What we must fight with all our might and power of hatred is the religious and patriotic spirit." The essay on Verlaine does not add much. But there are two charming essays on the poets of the eighteenth century (Delille, Bertin, Parny) and the School of Lyons (Maurice de Scève) and there are some sensible remarks in the introduction (as on the "bourgeois spirit" of Diderot). Altogether, it is not a bad book. Mr. Boyd deals with a select number of Irish figures, not all strictly literary. He does not quite convince us of the importance of Lord Dunsany or of John Eglinton, but he makes interesting two notables of provincial life, Standish O'Grady and Edward Dowden; paralegomena of Irish history, not studies in European literature. Decidedly the best thing in the book is the long study of Bernard Shaw, " Irish Protestant," which brings to light a good deal of evidence for Shaw's unpopularity in France. " On the subject of sex Shaw is frankly and medievally intolerant . . . towards this sex question his attitude remains in its primitive simplicity, cutting him off from all sympathy with the whole tendency of modern life." " While it would be too much to assert that Shaw's work is literature . . ."—such remarks are worth making. Of course the simplest thing to say is that Shaw's work lias nothing to do with literature, either for good or evil. * * * * The chief moral to be drawn from these two books is that literary studies can be meritorious and readable, but that they must not be supposed to be literary criticism. Coleridge occasionally wrote good criticism; and Walter Pater, if he had had a better English style, and been more interested in what he wrote about, might have done something in the same way. T. S. Aptéryx "PSITTACUS EOIS IMITATRIX ALES AB INDIS " OVID THE Parrot's voice snaps out— No good to contradict— What he says he'll say again: Dry facts, dry biscuits. His voice, and vivid colours Of his breast and wings Are immemorably old ; Old Dowagers dressed in crimped satin, Boxed in their rooms, Specimens beneath a glass Inviolate—and never changing, Their memory of emotions dead; The ardour of their summers Sprayed like camphor On their silken parasols Intissued in a cupboard. Reflective, but with never a new thought The parrot sways upon his ivory perch— Then gravely turns a somersault Through rings nailed to the roof— Much as the sun performs his antics As he climbs the aerial bridge We only see Through crystal prisms of a falling rain. Sacheverell Sitwell ##May 1918 THE EGOIST 71 PASSING PARIS WITH a paraphrase of one of the world's seven wonders in fiction (my friend M. Edmond Jaloux says there are nine), MM. Francis de Miomandre and "Tommy Spark" continue a new series (inaugurated by M. Bene Boylesve), published by M. Albin Michel, under the auspices of M. Henri de Régnier, of the Académie française, and "appealing to readers expecting from a novel not only interest of a dramatic or passionate character, but also qualities of style and of artistic value giving it a place of superiority in current literature." M. de Miomandre and his partner have fulfilled this order to a perfection which has called forth the exclamation of "masterpiece" from at least one critic. The hyperbole should not discourage. La Saison des Dupes is not a masterpiece, since there is no higher term to apply to its forerunner, but it is an extremely skilful, ironic, and witty reflection of that form of cynicism practised by a class of society known in Anglo-Saxon countries before the war as "smart," in a degree proportioned to the capacities of a generation which has quite unnecessarily armour-plated itself against sentimental suffering. Compared with the cynicism in Les Liaisons Dangereuses, the cynicism in La Saison des Dupes is superficial, and the characters in this latter book (where not only each one is the other's, but his own, dupe) are minor devils; they have not the stamp of the real thing. The letters in themselves, written by witty hands—somewhat wittily monotonous (for it is the same hand all through)—seem to mask an undercurrent of wit which is the authors' irony directed against the presumed writers. But the continued reference to one topic dulls the appetite before the end is reached. The quotations heading each letter sow the seed for epigrams and aphorisms which in their turn may become classical. (M. de Miomandre's partner in this feat satisfying generally conflicting tastes, those of the fastidious and those of the inquisitive reader, uses a pseudonym unworthy his talents.) * * * * What an exemplary writer Mme. Colette must be for it to be possible to continue to read her about herself, her baby, her hairdresser, her thoughts, and her sensations, the things she hears and the things she sees! She is entirely self-centred, she is unable to create a character, to imagine a scene, to consider the world otherwise than as it comes into direct contact with her daily experience. She is just a mirror reflecting sensitively a circumscribed range. Yet her last book, not a whit less "subjective" than her others, Les Heures Longues (Fayard, 4 fr.), by the quality of the craftsmanship entirely exonerates and obscures the conceit it might otherwise suggest of the daily circumstance of writing down in cold blood (and publishing) such personalities. What does she write for? For the sheer love of constructing perfect prose. What do we read her for? For the sheer relish of enjoying that prose. Take her on Rome or Venice in war-time, a picture of a firmness of touch, an elasticity of outline, a clarity of expression truly unique: Un Taube sur Venise Juillet 1915. 4 Juillet, six heures et demie du matin. Un soleil blanc d'orage, des nuées que la mer plate reflète en gris, en vert d'huitre. Une journée de sirocco, puis une nuit sans étoiles ont laissé tièdes les dalles des chiavoni et les balcons de marbre. L'église du Rédempteur semble flotter, soulevée au-dessus de la mer comme un mirage. La nuit a paru longue. De sa vie nocturne d'avant la guerre, Venise n'a gardé qu'un chuchotement, une respiration qu'on distingue en tendant l'oreille: coups de langue de la vague contre un pont, grincement d'une chaîne de barque, et, vers l'aube, le départ discret d'une seule gondole. Les vapiretti militarisés ronronnent plus tard, un peu avant cet instant matinal, déjà engourdi de chaleur, qu'un coup de canon, soudain, secoue. Un deuxième coup de canon, un troisième, plus lointain. Les échos magnifiques des palais rejettent le son vers la mer. Penchée à la fenêtre de l'hôtel, je cherche l'avion ennemi: il est très haut, il franchit un étroit abîme bleu entre deux nuages. Une foule paisible, sans cris, s'accoude au marbre du pont; des Vénitiennes minces étendent vers l'aéroplane leurs bras, d'où les longues franges noires du châle pendent comme des algues. Elles se mêlent, pour le plaisir des yeux, aux matelots blancs. Il n'y a point de hâte, ni de frayeur, et pas d'autres cris que le miaulement menaçant des sirèmes. Des canots automobiles s'élancent rayant la mer. * * * * The constant creation of new organs of thought is illustrative of its vividness in contemporary France. Hardly a week passes but a periodical of some kind comes into life. Le Populaire de Paris displays the names of Henri Barbusse and Maxim Gorky among its leading contributors. La Journée claims to be independent of partisanship. Les Marges is about to be revived. A model of a review it was. * * * * Most instructive was the collection of pictures made by the late Edgar Degas, and recently put on sale. It comprised numerous Delacroix, several fine Ingres, and the earliest and the latest Gauguins, with the intervening impressionists, Manet especially; and "post-impressionists," Cezanne, Van Gogh, and Gauguin's copy of the Olympia, which has preserved a colour more luminous than the original. Degas had also collected a number of drawings by his disciple Forain, which was a quaint thing to have done. One of the Gauguins seemed to emphasize the link between that master and god—Ingres, a portrait of whom revealed the immense talents of a woman painter of his day, Mlle. Forestier, pupil of David, appreciated, apparently, by Degas on a par with Berthe Morisot and Miss Cassatt. At the sale Gauguin, though admirably represented, both in his Pont Aven and his Tahitian manner, did not fetch the prices he should have done. To him were preferred, after Ingres and Delacroix, Manet and Cézanne. One of the most remarkable of Van Gogh's feats, two sunflowers, figured in this diverse collection, comprising à titre de curiosité, one of Gauguin's first attempts with the palette, a humble little still-life, painted no doubt on a Sunday in his bank-clerk days, and not in the least foreshadowing the glories which were to ensue. * * * * The greatest modern French composer (in the sense that Rodin was the greatest artist), Debussy, has just died. But, different from the sculptor,. there are few anecdotes connected with the musician, who lived the retired, unsocial life of a man hard-working and, in his late years, ailing. He was born at St. Germain in 1862; after studying at the Conservatoire he obtained the Prix de Rome for a work which provoked discussion, L'Enfant Prodigue. He came to the fore definitely with L' Après-midi d'un Faune. Pelléas was given for the first time in 1902. The only woman to have been awarded the Prix de Eome for musical composition, Mlle. Lui Boulanger, has also died. She was but little over twenty and full of the promise held out already by her elder sister, Nadia Boulanger, composer and professor in harmony at the Conservatoire. M. C. TO BE READY SHORTLY TARR BY WYNDHAM LEWIS Price 6s. net.; by post 6s. 4d. THE EGOIST, LTD. ##72 THE EGOIST May 1918 THE ANGLO-FRENCH SOCIETY AND M. DAVRAY By Ezra Pound AS an American I perhaps intrude in the discussion of the above-mentioned society, but a few words of mediation, even of defence, may not be wholly out of place. I cannot flatly contradict the recent Egoist correspondent who complained that English literature was inadequately represented upon its committee. English literature is very poorly represented, but on the other hand the concerts of French music given under the society's auspices are a very valuable contribution to the musical life of this city. Having heard the Ravel "Septuor" this afternoon, and hoping to hear the Debussy memorial concert a fortnight hence, I can only express my gratitude to the society for beginning as happily in music as they may, for all I know to the contrary, have begun ineptly in literature. They are particularly happy in their violinist, M. Defauw. In regard to the letter concerning the Mercure critic, an honorary secretary of the Society, I am repeatedly being told that "the Mercure is dead." It is undeniable that the loss of Remy de Gourmont is a very serious matter for the Mercure, and the difficulties of continuing to publish the Mercure must be immense; but even so, a certain amount of creative work has managed to appear in the magazine during the last two or three years. The number for April 16 is decidedly more alive than numerous recent numbers. M. Davray is engaged on war work, and has, I believe, very little time for reporting on English publications in general. Indeed, a complete silence on his part would be wholly pardonable and explicable. That he should break this silence to inform Paris of the appearance of such outrageous rubbish as Gosse's despicable Life of Swinburne or of Colvin's maunderings about Keats, is an error, an error due, no doubt, to M. Davray's .amiability. But the excess of this quality, the feeling that he must be loyal to friends of long standing, is not a grace for which he can expect sympathy from any one under—oh well, let us say any one under fifty. On the other hand, when in the mid-April number he gets round to the dull soggy "Georgians" (1916-17) he says very much what The Egoist critic has said on the subject, he says it a little more gently as befits a milder nature, but the dullness of subject is not concealed by this paragraph: "Sons agréables et harmonieux, mais il manque ici l'âme d'un musicien. Tous ces écrivains sont des virtuoses, ce ne sont pas de grands artistes. On a tout dit d'ailleurs. ..." "Je vous comprends; ces jeunes gens sont maîtres dans l'art d'écrire avant d'avoir vécu. Aussi cherchent-ils des sentiments pour les accommoder à leur vocabulaire et non des mots pour exprimer leur passion et leurs idées. Pourtant, même au point de vue de la langue, votre poésie n'est riche en tons que dans une certaine gamme; il y en a d'autres qu'elle n'a jamais touchés. Elle a exprimé, par exemple, toutes les délicatesses, tout le mystère, toutes les variations du clair de lune, mais il y a une notation qu'on n'y trouve pas: c'est que sur urf clocher l'astre des nuits est " comme un point sur i." Ce qui prouve que, même en ayant à sa disposition la langue poétique la plus souple et la plus variée, on n'épuise jamais toutes les images, toutes les sensations." — " Ces poèmes, — reprit mon compagnon en feuilletant le volume, — sont sans force. Ils ont du charme, de la joliesse, de la grandeur point. On y sent plus de bonté que d'amour, plus de pitié que de douleur, plus d'intérêt que de communion spirituelle." — " Admettons alors que ce soient des tableaux peints avec un pinceau d'une finesse incomparable. . . ." — " Du préraphaélitisme. ..." Peut-on s'attendre à autre chose? M. Davray then proceeds to blame it on the climate, the flora, the geography, instead of upon the patent fact that these writers are natural dullards, and that they would have been equally dull if they had been born in Timbuctoo or upon the slopes of Mount Athos. There is a certain amount of active literature being written in English. I could show M. Davray a volume with precisely that dotted "i" that he craves. Perhaps he will get round to the matter in time, but up till now he has eschewed the better current work with an almost curious care. I realize that nothing is more difficult than to keep pace with a foreign literature; still, for all I can say one way or the other, any foreigner who runs about with the Gosse-Colvin-Newbolt contingent will be under suspicion of not wanting to make any discoveries. He will be, like "Littré," le dictionnaire bien pensant. And the tradition of the Mercure has not always been that of producing only la littérature officielle; nor do I believe that M. Davray intends to institute or permanently to maintain any such bias, at least I hope not; for the Mercure is the enlightened organ of French opinion, one would hate to be thrown back upon the Claudel-fake-bigotry crowd and, for that matter, any periodical given up to dilettantisme or religiosity is bound in its very nature to oppose international communication. These pseudo-theatric revivals can only subsist by flattering some local sentiment, and they wither in the keener air of communication. France is driven to kiss-in-the-ring Catholicism for picturesqueness and out of merest romanticism, having mostly destroyed her sole other receptacle of tradition during the Terror and in ensuing republics; given any sort of heraldric ornaments, quarterings, "nobles," etc., a nation is not driven to digging up dead forms of religiosity. Forty years, sixty years ago, America had an outburst of Elks, Knights Templars and what not: same old desire for orders and hierarchies, same old lust for emblems, titles, and badges. ("Et 'le pape est boche,' dit M. Croquant.") No country can make an ass of itself over Dowie and Lourdes simultaneously; it cannot have Mrs. Eddie and the Bishop of London both at once; it cannot have a. catholico-Bourbon craze and Sir Arthur Yapp plus Y.M.C.A. and gum-shoes at one same intellectual tea-party; or even split the same pair of ears between a Tagore and a Rev. Wm. Sunday. These strawberry festivals are strictly local. In so far as the Mercure has stood for French clarity, and for an honest agnostic inquiry into all things, one is bound to support it against any other French periodical set up to boom French fuzziness, and to propagate fads and cults of the moment. If M. Davray will but leave his septuagenarians (whether by age or by temperament septuagenarian), if he will seek a bit further I do not think he will have to blame either Mr. Joyce, Mr. Lewis, or even Mr. Eliot " on the climate." His "d'écrire avant d'avoir vécu" and "sentiments pour les accommoder à leur vocabulaire" and "non des mots pour exprimer leur passion" are phrases so apt that we cannot permit them to be lost in a general disparagement of work done under great difficulty. TOWARDS A THEATRE OF PEACE By Huntly Carter IF there is a worse thing than the war it is the neglect of art in the theatre. But I do not think the neglect will continue. My own impression is that the present moment, black as it appears, is a favourable one for making a start at a preliminary reorganization of the new theatre. As though in confirmation of this impression there comes from Florence Mr. Gordon Craig's new and precious ##May 1918 THE EGOIST 73 publication. The Marionette is a Lilliputian affair just pocket-size, yet it contains as much gay matter— gay as the mind of the creator behind it—as The Mask, and is an eighth of the price. Sixpence buys it. Moreover, it crosses the highly submarined seas once a month bearing in its bright-coloured embrace a supplementary sheet. It is The Mask reduced almost to the irreducible. The Marionette is the Unmask. The new Florentine continues the best traditions of The Mask. It is fresh, joyous, witty, provocative, and stimulating. It is frankly out for propaganda as The Mask was, and maintains that Mr. Gordon Craig's transforming idea will be in the long run of more substantial service to humanity than all the other eminent theatrical ideas put together. As most of us know, by this time, the idea in its pre-war form was concerned with the Theatre and its visible objects and agents (of representation and interpretation) defined in terms of Drama expressed by Art, and with Drama and its invisible objects and agents, sensibility, sound, and movement, conceived of in terms of a theatre resting on Art. In other words, the idea was for restoring the Theatre as a shapely, highly unified, and supremely purposeful instrument of dramatic expression, thus securing to it, as The Mask monthly leaflet reminds us, "the existence of a vitality which was to reveal itself in a beautiful and definite form based upon an ancient and noble tradition." What more ancient and noble tradition is there than Drama as the master initiator? Was it not born with the silent prayer, nowadays called dumb-show, of early man when he danced in ecstasy in response to the call of the sun, and thus initiated his fellow-men into the mystery of his soul? This, the complete surrender to Truth crowned by Beauty, I take it, was Mr. Craig's dominant idea. But in applying the idea its leading-exponents did not go as far as the original programme promised. Perhaps there was not time before the war began. In any case, in interpreting vitality, unity, and purpose they failed to go beyond a vision of aesthetic to a vision of Drama. Their activities took definite shape during immediate pre-war years in a concentration on the application of certain principles of art to theatrical expression, and in this way a strong emphasis was laid entirely on the virtues of representation and interpretation, whilst the really vital thing to be expressed by the theatre passed unnoticed. The fact is the approach to a great eternal truth was not made. It was not made as Ibsen, for one, made it. Ibsen arrived at the great eternal truth of liberty in reality in one way. He saw a pathway to liberty that lay across a region bristling with the destructive restraints of social lies and hypocrisies. He believed it could be cleared by human beings recognizing and throwing off all outer and artificial limitations. Women, for example, must throw off certain domestic restraints and refuse to accommodate themselves to the whims and habits of the typical husband. But he did not say whether it would be cleared, no doubt because he saw so plainly the desperate tenacity with which human beings cling to the wrong view of life. Still it was the spirit of liberty that he—like all great poets—read into the aspirations of mankind. And it was with the truth of the spirit that he set his figures unfolding—unfolding in such a way that as the lie fell off them they entered for the first time open-eyed into the kingdom of liberty. Moreover, he proposed that all who watched this precious process should assist in the profound act of initiation. Further, he decided that the initiation should take place in the Theatre. But unluckily the Theatre gave him no help. On the contrary, it was cold and indifferent to his purpose, even threatening to kill it. The reason was that Ibsen, who had a profound sense of Drama, had no vision of the Theatre. He entered the Theatre for the sake of convenience, and he paid the penalty. Some of us know what the penalty is. To-day, owing to dramatic expression being placed almost entirely in the hands of deputies, the Theatre has become essential to this expression. So that it follows that where there is no vision of the Theatre, Drama perishes. If Ibsen's vision of the Theatre had been as true as that of Mr. Gordon Craig it is conceivable that the Theatre would by now be one of the mightiest temples of initiation on earth. And the theme of the complete metamorphosis ever taking place in liberty-seeking mortals to which he gave dramatic eminence would be established in our midst, ready to be readapted to the need of the moment. We all know what that need is. It is the need of lasting peace, when the war ends, if we are to get on with the business of resurrection on earth. This means that to-day we have arrived at the great truth of liberty in reality in another way. The war has shown us a pathway to liberty that lies across a desolate region bristling with the destructive restraints of fatal ideals of human government. We believe it can be cleared for ever by human beings recognizing and throwing off the tyrannical limitations cf warlike desire. In peace resides the spirit of liberty that is renewing our finest aspirations. And it is with the truth of the spirit that Drama will renew itself and set human marionettes unfolding in a theatre presided over by art. There are plainly signs that a theatre of peace is coming. It will come in due course, and in every town and city throughout a peace-desiring world, to give an immense stimulus to Mr. Craig's pre-war ideas of unity, measure, and purpose. And when it does come may I be there to see. Perhaps I shall have an opportunity to discuss in detail the organization of this theatre. Some of the details appeared to me during a period of indescribable excitement in a military concentration camp. A CELEBRATION A MIDDLE-NORTHERN March, now as always— gusts from the south broken against cold winds— but from under, as if a slow hand lifted a tide, it moves—not into April—into a second March, the old skin of wind-clear scales dropping upon the mould: this is the shadow projects the tree upward causing the sun to shine in his sphere. So we will put on our pink felt hat—new last year! —newer this by virtue of brown eyes turning back the seasons—and let us walk to the orchid-house, see the flowers will take the prize to-morrow at the Palace. Stop here, these are our oleanders. When they are in bloom— You would waste words. It is clearer to me than if the pink were on the branch. It would be a searching in a coloured cloud to reveal that which now, huskless, shows the very reason for their being. And these the orange-trees, in blossom—no need to tell with this weight of perfume in the air. If it were not so dark in this shed one could better see the white. It is that very perfume has drawn the darkness down among the leaves. Do I speak clearly enough? It is this darkness reveals that which darkness alone loosens and sets spinning on waxen wings— not the touch of a finger-tip, not the motion of a sigh. A too heavy sweetness proves its own caretaker. ##74 _ THE EGOIST May 1918 And here are the orchids! Never having seen such gaiety I will read these flowers for you: This is an odd January, died—in Villon's time. Snow, this is and this the stain of a violet grew in that place the spring that foresaw its own doom. And this, a certain July from Iceland: a young woman of that place breathed it toward the south. It took root there. The colour ran true but the plant is small. This falling spray of snowflakes is a handful of dead Februarys prayed into flower by Rafael Arevalo Martinez of Guatemala. Here's that old friend who went by my side so many years: this full, fragile head of veined lavender. Oh that April that we first went with our stiff lusts leaving the city behind, out to the green hill— May, they said she was. A hand for all of us: this spray of blue butterflies tied to this stem. June is a yellow cup I'll not name; August the over-heavy one. And here are— russet and shiny, all but March. And March? Ah, March— Flowers are a tiresome pastime. One has a wish to shake them from their pots root and stem, for the sun to gnaw. Walk out again into the cold and saunter home to the fire. This day has blossomed long enough. I have wiped out the red night and lit a blaze instead which will at least warm our hands and stir up the talk. I think we have kept fair time. Time is a green orchid. William Carlos Williams THE FRENCH WORD IN MODERN PROSE X. JEAN GIRAUDOUX: Provinciales; L'Ecole des Indifférents; Lectures pour une ombre Il vivait en général. That phrase contains Jean Giraudoux. It occurs in the firmest of the three books which have sufficed to bring him admiration and celebrity: L'Ecole des Indifférents. The la st of this trinity, Lectures pour une ombre (a war-book: M. Giraudoux is one of literature's most genuine war-heroes), was submitted to the Goncourt committee for the 1917 prize and, though it held most of the chances, by some mysterious conjury and to general disgust the award gave M. Giraudoux's work the "slip." For Jean Giraudoux is of those rare ones who, relished by some, are esteemed by all, his work being of a quality which cannot be denied it. Sympathy is not here conditional to appreciation although it be its corollary generally. M. Edmond Jaloux, the author of Le Reste est Silence, who couples a versatile erudition in the literatures of the imagination, past and present, with a magnificent enthusiasm, fancies a comparison between Giraudoux and Shakespeare. A relationship with Heine is also apparent to him. (This involves a fellowship with Laforgue.) The reasons must be left to M. Jaloux's own transcription when he deigns to favour us with them. I should fear to betray them by an unfaithful and too personal rendering. At the close of this little study they may suggest themselves automatically. Another finds in his whimsicality, in his man-of-the-world cosmopolitanism perhaps, a link with Sterne. Certain passages remind me of M. Marcel Proust (the childhood reminiscences notably), others of Jules Renard (though M. Giraudoux is never caustic), others again of Francis Jammes. He has not yet the vue d'ensemble of these two last, the same sustained construction, but a suppleness, an elegance, and a femininity over and above them. Where Jammes is sentimental, Giraudoux brings the cool-headed, fine-edged sensibility of the man-of-the-world besides that cosmopolitanism peculiar also to M. Marcel Proust and rare among the contemporary, globe-trotters though they may be. But these somewhat tentative parallels are brought into relief by the desire to place M. Giraudoux, whose personality remains withal marked and homogeneous. M. Giraudoux's originality consists chiefly in this: he is wholly occupied with the reaction of experience upon the mind. The experience is the element, the thought is the achievement. And as the mind works outside time or locality so the past and the future melt into a uniform tense which you may, if you like, call the present. Similarly the same poetic atmosphere impregnates the settings, be they even in the United States—of which country he is the only writer I know, except Miss Amy Lowell, to convey a poetic impression—because it is the atmosphere of his own mind. A statement, a description, or an exposition never occurs in M. Giraudoux's prose; he furnishes no information. You do not tell yourself as you walk down a street that you are walking down a street; you do not tell yourself when you are ailing, "I am ailing"; or when you are in love, "I am in love"; but the fact of walking down the street, the fact of being ill, tue circumstance of being in love determine a sequence of thoughts in connexion with these facts and circumstances, but which are not these facts, etc., and it is these thoughts that M. Giraudoux pictures in the terms of these thoughts without any attempt to make them more explicit. At least, so I understand, for he is not always absolutely decipherable. The patching and cross-patching of the mind's dynamic workings obscure the main thread, and a hold is not easy on their immaterialized tenuity. Superficially viewed he would be classed as an extremely "artistic" writer, but in his case the epithet must not be read for polite weak praise, a use to which it is too often put. He helps the critic in that passage in L'Ecole des Indifférents ("Jacques l'Egoïste") where he prays God he will never write verse, write out what he thinks in lines, roll out his life; and where it seems to him that he leaves the lettered ones behind him, and that he no longer judges them according to the criterions they have invented. "What they call intelligence, that vivacity to talk or to act which would make the perfect pedagogue, with his superficial ironies, his emphasized silences, his ill-tempered enthusiasms, is coin, he thinks, which can only be current among the mediocre. He compares their struggles to apply the fitting term with the player's futile attempts to bring the ball into the cup. As soon, he writes, as these shortsighted ones risk themselves into life, wearing their interminable boots, you find them inferior and awkward. None has the cut of the soldier or of the workman; none has even so much as an accountant's keenness for life. He finds them uncertain about their tastes, grouped into little pigeon-holes labelled with large exclamation signs of joy or distress. And their slightest gesture claims to discover the hidden reason for the world or the keystone of Heaven. M. Giraudoux confesses to possessing no such curiosities, no such ambitions. To him each being, each thing, is as dependent upon its colour as upon its skeleton. He discerns enormous affinities sweeping across the world, marking it here and there with their light. They connect and match the big with ##May 1918 THE EGOIST 75 the diminutive. "To me," he writes, "the leaves seem stuck in a palm-tree as parsimoniously as the feathers in an ostrich; a lady's initialled handkerchief is like wreckage from a ship whose name has been nearly washed out." His manner is youthful, dilatory, hedonistic. We know perfectly we have to deal with a man young, though not raw. "Don Manuel le Paresseux" (L'Ecole des Indifférents), for instance, reminds one of harlequinades, for this work has the fleetingness, the expressiveness, the elliptical swiftness and the airiness of dumb-show. The youthfulness is due, also, to the weight given to the slightest events— the weight they assume in our thoughts and not their relative weight in reality: "La nuit où mon amie me prit la main va s'achever." And in the importance of every fancy: "Hier, dans la salle à manger, au moment de massacrer tous les passagers et son mari." The effect is achieved with the strict and constant application of elimination, albeit at times the style is a little minute. There are no blanks. The text is as full as a tightly corked receptacle can be of air. Occasionally it is a little close-packed (Provinciales, his first book; L'Ecole is freer); the metaphor at times strained and in excess. A typical extract: Toujours des blessés. Heureux encore quand ils ne nous regardent pas, entêtés, sans vouloir nous répondre. Heureux aussi quand ils ne nous appellent pas, comme celui-là, par notre nom, car notre nom, ce soir, est plus sensible et plus douloureux encore que notre cœur. Space forbids quotation from the exquisite Allégories in Provinciales with the transatlantic voyage —incomparable. From the magnificent frieze, Les Cinq Soirs et les Cinq Réveils de la Marne, in Lectures pour une ombre, which I should like to quote entirely, and from which the following must do: . . . deux vieux mendiants, auxquels nous demandons des allumettes et qui, rouges de confusion et de joie, font pour la première fois, avec maladresse, le geste de donner. And this, more especially: "Vous avez eu des blessés?" "Oui." "Et des tués?" "Oui." Elles n'osent pas nous demander le nombre exact. Elles sentent en elles augmenter peu à peu le chiffre de ceux qu'elles sacrifient; il y en a peut-être eu dix, quinze, vingt, mon Dieu peut-être trente. " Cinq cents," dit Bergeot. Elles sont atterrées. Bergeot dit qu'il exagère peut-être et maintenant leur pensée malhabile, peu à peu, de ces cinq cents morts sauve un par un quelques survivants, dix, quinze, puis vingt. C'est un peu comme si leur revenaient ceux-là justement qu'elle avaient acceptés comme morts. Ah! si seulement il pouvait s'en sauver trente. And how I want to quote at length from "De ma Fenêtre" (in Provinciales), a tapestry of soliloquies like this: La mort est si ancienne qu'on lui parle latin. C'est l'heure où le drap ne fait plus partie de votre corps, et se soulève, douillet, avec de petits courants d'air; c'est l'heure où le regard se pose sur les consoles, où l'on voudrait embrasser quelqu'un qui ne vous embrasserait pas; c'est l'heure des heures menues que notre hâte ne divise plus en secondes, et où la pendule bat, pour son plaisir, à la mesure de notre cœur. This is Giraudoux the intimiste, but there is a Giraudoux of wider horizon, the Giraudoux who attributes new values to values, who has discovered new laws in perspective, a new reason for literature in prose. Muriel Ciolkowska SHORT NOTICES On Heaven, and Other Poems. By Ford Madox Hueffer. John Lane. 3s. 6d. net. The fact that On Heaven is obtainable in a book should not escape mention; we can now throw away the number of Poetry for July 1914. The rest of the book will not much " add to the author's reputation." Dunch. By Susan Miles. B. H. Blackwell, Oxford. 2s. 6d. net. , Dunch really deserves the quite favourable reviews which it has had from the majority of the side-whiskered weeklies. Miss (or Mrs.) Miles is a genre writer, i.e. the subject has contributed as much as the writer, and she knows her subject well. Her subject is Cranford size and shape, but the world has changed. Her presentation of the village is more a reaction than pure observation, but a vigorous and entertaining reaction. There are possibilities of a larger size satire than Minnie Rolls and the curates and imbeciles in such lines as these which I have not seen quoted by the reviewers: I want to sing the psalms very loud indeed . . . I want to tell the brethren What Jesus has done for me. And I want to tell it out among the heathen. I want to be a minister in the Church of Christ Jesus. I want to baptize His babies, And teach His little ones. . . . Exiles of the Snow, and Other Poems. By Launcelot Hogben. A. C. Fifield. 2s. net. The dedication "to my comrades of the Stepney Herald League" does not arouse confidence, the form is reminiscent and the content mostly meditative; but there is a simple sincerity which strikes out a good line here and there ("When I am old and quite worn out") and which would stand the author in good stead if he would read the right things and work hard. The Sayings of the Children. Written down by their mother, Pamela Glenconner. B. H. Blackwell, Oxford. 3s. 6d. net. The Times says: "With little graphic touches and light suggestions of the children's unconscious humour she gives these sayings something of their first freshness, and here and there opens a dizzy glimpse into the shining fairy world of the childish mind." To this account there is nothing to add, except, why did the Times devote only one column to this book? Per Amica Silentia Lunae. By W. B. Yeats. Macmillan and Co. 4s. 6d. net. Notice later. OUR CONTEMPORARIES M. Claudel's work reminds one of the religious origin of the drama.— The Nation. At a moment like this we should try to think clearly.— The Times. The chief pillars of Shakespeare's fame are not his English historical plays.— The Times. John Milton was a great poet.— The Times. (Mr. Gellert's) verse is often what the Australian critics have a habit of calling " luminous "—but phosphorescent would perhaps be a better epithet.— The Times. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs ##76_______THE EGOIST May 1918 POETRY Edited by HARRIET MONROE A Magazine of Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $2.00; Canada, $2.15; Great Britain, 9 /- "The magazine that rightfully stands at the head of the new movement."—New York Sun. "The livest art in America to-day is poetry, and the livest expression of that art is in this little Chicago monthly." New York Tribune POETRY was the first of the special magazines to be published in America, and is still the most important. It is endowed by lovers of the art in Chicago and elsewhere, and is thus enabled to pay its contributors and to give annual prizes. During its five years of existence it has printed the best current poetry from both sides of the Atlantic, and its comments and reviews follow what is being done in America, England, and elsewhere. All interested in the art should subscribe to POETRY POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Nine Shillings for one year's subscription. Name.................................................................................................................................... Address............................................................................................................................ EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to 23 Adelphi Terrace House, Robert Street, London, W.C.2. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. a portrait of the artist as a young man By JAMES JOYCE (Second edition, 4s. 6d. net; postage 4d.) prufrock By T. S. ELIOT (Is. 3d. net; postage, Id.) DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by EZRA POUND (Is. 3d. net; postage, led.) Please send me_ _for which I enclose_ Name_ Address_ Orders, accompanied by Remittance, should be sent to the publishers, THE EGOIST, Limited. THE EAGLE AND THE SERPENT Is Might Right? Why Do the Ungodly Prosper? Can Altruism Save the World? These questions are answered with astonishing lucidity in the journal The Eagle and the Serpent. Such masters as Bernard Shaw, Kidd, W. T. Stead, A. R. Wallace, Ernest Crosty, Benjamin R. Tucker, etc., deal exhaustively with these fundamental questions. The same journal gives you the boiled-down wisdom and wit and wickedness of Stirner, Nietzsche, Montaigne, Rochefoucauld, Chamfort, Emerson, Thoreau, saving the earnest inquirer after forbidden truth a thousand hours of wearying research. There are only a very few left of the bound file containing the two volumes of The Eagle and the Serpent. They will cost you £i. Published by J. B. Barnhill, Washington, D.C., U.S.A. WALKERS PHILOSOPHY OF EGOISM Was published 25 years ago: is scholarly and well reasoned, and a classic in its line. To be strongly egoistic is a primal instinct characteristic of higher types. Base peoples are without pride. How is a man to defend his ego against continuous invasion by the collectivity? How can he protect himself from the cruelty and violence of majorities and parliaments and convocations and monarchs of all kinds? New edition, post paid, 4s. Cloth bound. J. B. Barnhill, Washington, D.C., U.S.A. Orders for either of the above two books, accompanied by remittance, can be received by THE EGOIST, Ltd. 23 ADELPHI TERRACE HOUSE, ROBERT STREET, W.C.2 The Little Review " THE MAGAZINE THAT IS READ BY THOSE WHO WRITE THE OTHERS " The following Authors contributed to the volume begun May 1917: W. B. YEATS (14 poems) LADY GREGORY (complete play) FORD MADOX HUEFFER (prose series) ARTHUR SYMONS (complete play) WYNDHAM LEWIS (regularly) T. S. ELIOT EZRA POUND (London Editor) ARTHUR WALEY (translations from the Chinese) "jh." MARGARET ANDERSON, Editor Yearly Subscription: England, 12/-; U.S.A., $2.50 THE LITTLE REVIEW 24 West 16th Street, New York City, U.S.A. 5 Holland Place Chambers, London, W.8 Enclosed please find Twelve Shillings for one year's subscription.................. Name.................................. Address................................ Printed at The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at 23 Adelphi Terrace House, Robert Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.2##