The Ghost at Haddon-le-Green By ALFRED I. TOOKE A graveyard tale that sounds suspiciously like verse THE Bishop was poking the library fire. His wife had gone out for a walk, when the Vicar dropped in, and expressed a desire to have a most seri- ous talk. It seemed that a story was float- ing about, that the churchyard was haunt- ed at night. The Vicar had heard it from Absalom Prout, who'd had a most terrible fright, and swore he had seen, by die light of the moon, some specters cavort- ing around; while old Mrs. Mortimer- Bryce in a swoon by the gate of the churchyard was found, and later declared she was sure she had seen some ghosts at their midnightly revels; though several people of Haddon-le-Green quite loudly averred they were devils. The Bishop was shocked as the story he heard, absorbing it cum grano salis; then muttered: "Ghosts? Devils? The thing is absurd! Some crank giving vent to his malice, or else some preposterous prank it must be, or somebody's idea of humor. Let's go to the churchyard. Per- haps we shall see what caused this ridicu- lous rumor!" And so, through the dark- ness, the two of them strolled, discussing the Curate--a new one; a rather frail chap, who by someone was told he should have a mustache--so he grew one! Thus talking, their way to die churchyard they sought, and opened the gate and went in, and sat on a blanket the Bishop had brought, discussing original sin. The Bishop, orating, his mission for- >got, and glibly expounded his views. The Vicar picked out a less bumpier spot, and gently fell into a snooze, till the Bishop's long discourse ran suddenly dry. The Vicar awoke, and felt queer. The Bishop leaped up, with a muttered: "Oh, my!" The Vicar responded: "Dear, dear!" For up from behind a new tombstone there loomed a shape that made both of them cower; and just at that instant above them there boomed twelve strokes from the clock in the tower. Right over the tombstone the visitant hopped, and in the dim light they ob- served a piece of a shroud that about it still flopped, and both were extremely unnerved. The Bishop was portly; the Bishop was stout, with a wobble in both of his knees. The Vicar was prone to at- tacks of the gout--yet each ran with re- markable ease. They didn't go round by the gate, but, instead, they climbed o'er the wall, which was quicker. The Vicar fell hard on his nose, and it bled. The Bishop, he fell on the Vicar, and mur- mured: "Forgive me! The night is so dark!", then was up and away with a bound. The Vicar replied with a scath- ing remark which by mud was most luck- ily drowned. Then after the Bishop he hurriedly fled, till the vicarage safely re- ceived them. The Vicar's wife gasped; then she put them to bed, and with hot- water bottles relieved them. The Vicar soon sent her the Curate to 240 W. T.-7