220 WEIRD TALES the Acts of the Apostles, twentieth chap- ter, twenty-ninth verse. 'Ravenous wolves shall enter among you, not sparing the flock.' Apparently that disturbing possi- bility exists even today." He leafed through the book. "Do you know," he asked, "that Summers gives literally dozens of instances of lycan- thropy, things that are positively known to have happened?" I took another sip of whisky and water. "Those are only legends, surely." "They are nothing of the sort!" The judge's eyes protruded even more in his earnestness, and he tapped the pages with an excited forefinger. "There are four excellent cases listed in his chapter on France alone--sworn to, tried and sen- tenced by courts-" "But weren't they during the Middle Ages?" I suggested. He shook his great head. "No, during the Sixteenth Century, the peak of the Renaissance. Oh, don't smile at the age, Mr. Wills. It produced Shakespeare, Ba- con, Montaigne, Galileo, Leonardo, Mar- tin Luther; Descartes and Spinoza were its legitimate children, and Voltaire budd- ed upon it. Yet werewolves were known, seen, convicted-" "Convicted on what grounds?" I inter- rupted quickly, for I was beginning to reflect his warmth. For answer he turned more pages. "Here is the full account of the case of Stubbe Peter, or Peter Stumpf," he said. "A contemporary record, telling of Stumpf's career in and out of wolf-form, his capture in the very act of shifting shape, his confession and execution--all near Cologne in the year 1589. Listen." He read aloud: "'Witnesses that this is true. Tyse Artyne. William Brewar. Adolf Staedt. George Bores. With di- vers others that have seen the same.'" Slamming the book shut, he looked up at me, the twinkle coming back into his spectacled eyes. "Well, Mr. Wills? How do those names sound to you?" "Why, like the names of honest Ger- man citizens." "Exactly. Honest, respectable, solid. And their testimony is hard to pass off with a laugh, even at this distance in time, eh?" He had almost made me see those witnesses, leather-jerkined and broad- breeched, with heavy jaws and squinting eyes, taking their turn at the quill pen with which they set their names to that bizarre document. "With divers others that have seen the same"--perhaps too frightened to hold pen or make signa- ture. . . . "Still," I said slowly, "Germany of the Renaissance, the Sixteenth Century; and there have been so many changes since." "Werewolves have gone out of fashion, you mean? Ah, you admit that they might have existed." He fairly beamed his tri- umph. "So have beards gone out of fash- ion, but they will sprout again if we lay down our razors. Let's go at it another way. Let's talk about materialization-- ectoplasm -- for the moment." He re- laxed, and across his great girth his fin- gertips sought one another. "Suppose you explain, briefly and simply, what ecto- plasm is considered to be." I was turning toward the back of Ri- chet's book. "It's in here. Judge Pursui- vant. To be brief and simple, as you say, certain mediums apparently exude an un- classified material called ectoplasm. This, at first light and vaporescent, becomes firm and takes shape, either upon the body of the medium or as a separate and living creature." "And you don't believe in this phe- nomenon?" he prompted, with something of insistence. "I have never said that I didn't," I re- plied truthfully, "even before my experi- ence of this evening went so far toward