WEIRD TALES 247 best part of an hour. Then two old black women who had been sent for, into the country, arrived. These were two old women who were accustomed to prepare the dead for burial. Then I persuaded the ladies to retire, and started to come home myself. "TT WAS a little past midnight, perhaps 12:15. I picked out my own hat from two or three of poor old Iversen's that were hanging on the rack, took my supplejack, and stepped out of the door onto the little stone gallery at the head of the steps. "There are about twelve or thirteen steps from the gallery down to the street. As I started down them I noticed a third old black woman sitting, all huddled to- gether, on the bottom step, with her back to me. I thought at once that this must be some old crone who lived with the other two,--the preparers of the dead. I imagined that she had been afraid to re- main alone in their cabin, and so had ac- companied them into the town,--they are like children, you know, in some ways,--and that, feeling too humble to come into the house, she had sat down to wait on the step and had fallen asleep. You've heard their proverbs, have you not? There's one that exactly fits this situation that I had imagined: "Cock- roach no wear crockin' boot when he creep in fowl-house?' It means: 'Be very reserved when in the presence of your betters?' Quaint, rather! The poor souls! "I started to walk down the steps to- ward the old woman. That scant half- moon had come up into the sky while I had been sitting with the ladies, and by its light everything was fairly sharply de- fined. I could see that old woman as plainly as I can see you now, Mr. Lee. In fact, I was looking directly at the poor old creature as I came down the steps, and fumbling in my pocket for a few cop- Man Can Now Talk With God SAYS NOTED PSYCHOLOGIST A new and revolutionary religious teaching based entirely on the misunderstood sayings of the Galilean Carpenter, and designed to show how we may find, understand and use the same identical power which Jesus used in performing His so- called Miracles," is attracting world wide attention to its founder, Dr. Frank B. Robinson, noted psychologist, author and lecturer. "Psychiana," this new psychological religion, believes and teaches that it is today possible for every normal human being, understanding spiritual law as Christ understood it, "to duplicate every work that the Carpenter of Galilee ever did"--it believes and teaches that when He said, "the things that I do shall ye do also." He meant what He said and meant it literally to all mankind, through all the ages. Dr. Robinson has prepared a 6000 word treatise on "Psychiana," in which he tells about his long search for the Truth, how he finally came to the full realization of an Unseen Power or force so dynamic in itself that all other powers and forces fade into insignificance beside it"--how he learned to commune directly with the Living God, using this mighty, never-tailing power to demonstrate health, happiness and financial success, and how any normal being may find and use it as Jesus did He is now offering this treatise free to every reader of this magazine who writes him. If you want to read this "highly interesting, revolutionary and fascinating story of the discov-ery of a great Truth," just send your name and address to Dr. Frank B. Robinson, 418 Sixth St., Moscow. Idaho. It will be sent free and postpaid without cost or obligation. Write the Doctor today.--Copyright, 1935, Dr. Frank B. Robinson. A new thriller by SEABURY QUINN appears in WEIRD TALES every month Subscribe to Weird Tales