WEIRD TALES 251 Poe Is His Favorite Thomas Gelbert writes from Buffalo: "The Sea-Witch gets my vote for first place in the December issue. I heartily approve of the series of full-page pictures illustrating pas- sages in famous literature. Poe is my favor- ite author, and to have Virgil illustrate his Raven and Israfel is something to look for- ward to. I would like to see more reprints by the old masters, such as Gautier, Rous- seau, Maupassant, Irving, Turgeniev, and others. It is a waste of valuable space to print stories in WEIRD TALES that have al- ready appeared therein before." Child of Atlantis Ray T. Leslie writes from Toronto: "I am a constant reader of WT and have a love for the bizarre and unusual in fiction. To me WT is a great source of diversion from bor- ing realities. When I am reading such en- grossing tales as H. P. L.'s The Shunned House and G. G. Pendarves' Thing of Dark- ness I live in the horror surrounding these stories. This month's top story as I read your magazine was certainly Child of At- lantis, a weird tale if ever one was written. This story begins where most happy-ending stories finish: on the honeymoon." The September Issue Harry S. Weatherby, of Millington, Mary- land, writes: "September's edition of Weird Tales was one of the best I've ever read, and I have been reading your maga- zine intermittently for twelve years. I par- ticularly like the good old-fashioned ghost yarn, and I think your shorter stories are better than the longer space-filiers. My hat is off to Manly Wade Weliman for his short tale, School for the Unspeakable. I was reading it late at night and it certainly made my flesh crawl. I want to read more stories by this author. Second best was your new serial story, The Lake of Life by Ed- mond Hamilton. I have always praised Mr. Hamilton's efforts; he surely knows how ro transplant you into other worlds. The rime Psychopompos by H. P. Lovecraft was thrill- ing. It is with a feeling of deep regret that I think of Mr. Lovecraft's passing. His will be a great loss to the literary world." BACK COPIES • Because of the many requests for back issues of WEIRD TALES, the publishers do their best to keep a sufficient supply on hand to meet all demands. This magazine was established early in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back copies ever since. At present, we have the following back numbers on hand for sale: 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. .... Mar. Mar. Mar. Mar. .... Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. .... May May May May .... June June June June .... July July July July .... .... .... .... Aug. .... Sept. Sept. Sept. Sept. .... Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. .... Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov. .... Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. .... These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining any of the back copies on this list please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days. The price on all back issues is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to: WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.