158 WEIRD TALES before last, and must of course be phan- toms of my disturbed imagination. What I am seeking would not be quite like these things. I have seen the paw again, sometimes alone and sometimes with its mate, but I have resolved to ignore all such phenomena. Early this afternoon I explored the cel- lar for the first time, descending by a ladder found in a store-room, since the wooden steps had rotted away. The whole place is a mass of nitrous encrustations, with amorphous mounds marking the spots where various objects have disinte- grated. At the farther end is a narrow passage which seems to extend under the northerly "ell" where I found the little locked room, and at the end of this is a heavy brick wall with a locked iron door. Apparently belonging to a vault of some sort, this wall and door bear evidences of Eighteenth Century workmanship and must be contemporary with the oldest additions to the house--clearly pre-Revo- lutionary. On the lock, which is obvious- ly older than the rest of the ironwork, are engraved certain symbols which I cannot decipher. V-- had not told me about this vault It fills me with a greater disquiet than anything else I have seen, for every time I approach it I have an almost ir- resistible impulse to listen for something. Hitherto no untoward sounds have marked my stay in this malign place. As I left the cellar I wished devoutly that the steps were still there; for my progress up the ladder seemed maddeningly slow. I do not want to go down there again-- and yet some evil genius urges me to try it at night if I would learn what is to be learned. April 20 I have sounded the depths of horror-- only to be made aware of still lower depths. Last night the temptation was too strong, and in the black small hours I descended once more into that nitrous, hellish cellar with my flashlight, tiptoeing among the amorphous heaps to that ter- rible brick wall and locked door. I made no sound, and refrained from whispering any of the incantations I knew, but I lis- tened with mad intentness. At last I heard the sounds from be- yond those barred plates of sheet iron, the menacing padding and muttering, as of gigantic night-things within. Then, too, there was a damnable slithering, as of a vast serpent or sea-beast dragging its monstrous folds over a paved floor. Nearly paralyzed with fright, I glanced at the huge rusty lock, and at the alien, cryptic hieroglyphs graven upon it. They were signs I could not recognize, and something in their vaguely Mongoloid technique hinted at a blasphemous and indescribable antiquity. At times I fan- cied I could see them glowing with a greenish light. I turned to flee, but found that vision of the titan paws before me, the great talons seeming to swell and become more tangible as I gazed. Out of the cellar's evil blackness they stretched, with shad- owy hints of scaly wrists beyond them, and with a waxing, malignant will guid- ing their horrible gropings. Then I heard from behind me--within that abominable vault--a fresh burst of muffled rever- berations which seemed to echo from far horizons like distant thunder. Impelled by this greater fear, I advanced toward the shadowy paws with my flashlight and saw them vanish before the full force of the electric beam. Then up the ladder I raced, torch between my teeth, nor did I rest till I had regained my upstairs "camp". What is to be my ultimate end. I dare not imagine. I came as a seeker, but now I know that something is seeking me. I