RED NAILS 347    and whence shortly thereafter issued the clank of iron.  Valeria swore softly and tugged vain- ly, with her legs braced against the chair. The cords that confined her were appar- ently unbreakable.  Tascela presently returned alone; be- hind her a muffled groaning issued from the chamber. She closed the door but did not bolt it. Tascela was beyond the grip of habit, as she was beyond the touch of other human instincts and emotions.  Valeria sat dumbly, watching the wo- man in whose slim hands, the pirate realized, her destiny now rested.  Tascela grasped her yellow locks and forced back her head, looking imperson- ally down into her face. But the glitter in her dark eyes was not impersonal.  "I have chosen you for a great honor," she said. "You shall restore the youth of Tascela. Oh, you stare at that! My ap- pearance is that of youth, but through my veins creeps the sluggish chill of ap- proaching age, as I have felt it a thousand times before. I am old, so old I do not remember my childhood. But I was a girl once, and a priest of Stygia loved me, and gave me the secret of immortality and youth everlasting. He died, then-- some said by poison. But I dwelt in my palace by the shores of Lake Zuad and the passing years touched me not. So at last a king of Stygia desired me, and my people rebelled and brought me to this land. Olmec called me a princess. I am not of royal blood. I am greater than a princess. I am Tascela, whose youth your own glorious youth shall restore."  Valeria's tongue clove to the roof of her mouth. She sensed here a mystery darker than the degeneracy she had an- ticipated.  The taller woman unbound the Aqui- lonian's wrists and pulled her to her feet. It was not fear of the dominant strength that lurked in the princess' limbs that      made Valeria a helpless, quivering cap- tive in her hands. It was the burning, hypnotic, terrible eyes of Tascela.   7. He Comes from the Dark   "Well, I'm a Kushite!"  Conan glared down at the man on the iron rack.  "What the devil are you doing on that thing?"  Incoherent sounds issued from behind the gag and Conan bent and tore it away, evoking a bellow of fear from the cap- tive; for his action caused the iron ball to lurch down until it nearly touched the broad breast.  "Be careful, for Set's sake!" begged Olmec.  "What for?" demanded Conan. "Do you think I care what happens to you? I only wish I had time to stay here and watch that chunk of iron grind your guts out. But I'm in a hurry. Where's Va- leria?"  "Loose me!" urged Olmec. "I will tell you all!"  "Tell me first."  "Never!" The prince's heavy jaws set stubbornly.  "All right." Conan seated himself on a near-by bench. "I'll find her myself, after you've been reduced to a jelly. I believe I can speed up that process by twisting my sword-point around in your ear," he added, extending the weapon experimentally.  "Wait!" Words came in a rush from the captive's ashy lips. "Tascela took her from me. I've never been anything but a puppet in Tascela's hands."  "Tascela?" snorted Conan, and spat. "Why, the filthy--"  "No, no!" panted Olmec. "It's worse than you think. Tascela is old--centuries old. She renews her life and her youth by the sacrifice of beautiful young wo-