RED NAILS 341    him, screaming like a lost soul. Realizing that the warrior was hopelessly insane, the Cimmerian side-stepped, and as the ma- niac went past, he swung a cut that sev- ered the shoulder-bone and breast, and dropped the man dead beside his dying victim.  Conan bent over Topal, seeing that the man was at his last gasp. It was useless to seek to stanch the blood gushing from the horrible wound.  "You're done for, Topal," grunted Co- nan. "Any word you want to send to your people?"  "Bend closer," gasped Topal, and Co- nan complied--and an instant later caught the man's wrist as Topal struck at his breast with a dagger.  "Crom!" swore Conan. "Are you mad, too?"  "Olmec ordered it!" gasped the dying man. "I know not why. As we lifted the wounded upon the couches he whispered to me, bidding me to slay you as we re- turned to Tecuhltli--" And with the name of his clan on his lips, Topal died.  Conan scowled down at him in puzzle- ment. This whole affair had an aspect of lunacy. Was Olmec mad, too? Were all the Tecuhltli madder than he had real- ized? With a shrug of his shoulders he strode down the hall and out of the bronze door, leaving the dead Tecuhltli lying before the staring dead eyes of their kinsmen's heads.  Conan needed no guide back through the labyrinth they had traversed. His primitive instinct of direction led him un- erringly along the route they had come. He traversed it as warily as he had be- fore, his sword in his hand, and his eyes fiercely searching each shadowed nook and corner; for it was his former allies he feared now, not the ghosts of the slain Xotalancas.  He had crossed the Great Hall and en- tered the chambers beyond when he heard      something moving ahead of him--some- thing which gasped and panted, and moved with a strange, floundering, scram- bling noise. A moment later Conan saw a man crawling over the flaming floor to- ward him--a man whose progress left a broad bloody smear on the smoldering surface. It was Techotl and his eyes were already glazing; from a deep gash in his breast blood gushed steadily between the fingers of his clutching hand. With the other he clawed and hitched himself along.  "Conan," he cried chokingly, "Co- nan! Olmec has taken the yellow-haired woman!"  "So that's why he told Topal to kill me!" murmured Conan, dropping to his knee beside the man, who his experienced eye told him was dying. "Olmec isn't so mad as I thought."  Techotl's groping fingers plucked at Conan's arm. In the cold, loveless and altogether hideous life of the Tecuhltli his admiration and affection for the in- vaders from the outer world formed a warm, human oasis, constituted a tie that connected him with a more natural hu- manity that was totally lacking in his fel- lows, whose only emotions were hate, lust and the urge of sadistic cruelty.  "I sought to oppose him," gurgled Techotl, blood bubbling frothily to his lips. "But he struck me down. He thought he had slain me, but I crawled away. Ah, Set, how far I have crawled in my own blood! Beware, Conan! Ol- mec may have set an ambush for your re- turn! Slay Olmec! He is a beast. Take Valeria and flee! Fear not to traverse the forest. Olmec and Tascela lied about the dragons. They slew each other years ago, all save the strongest. For a dozen years there has been only one dragon. If you have slain him, there is naught in the for- est to harm you. He was the god Olmec worshipped; and Olmec fed human sacri-