THE TREE OF LIFE 325   A score of dark, thin arms pointed. Smith turned his head speculatively to- ward the spot they indicated. In this changeless twilight all sense of direction had long since left him, but he marked the line as well as he could by the forma- tion of the trees, then turned to the little people with a ceremonious farewell rising to his lips.  "My thanks for--" he began, to be interrupted by a chorus of whispering cries of protest. They seemed to sense his intention, and their pleadings were frantic. A panic anxiety for him glowed upon every little terrified face turned up to his, and their eyes were wide with pro- test and terror. Helplessly he looked down.  "I--I must go," he tried stumblingly to say. "My only chance is to take Thag unawares, before he sends for me."  He could not know if they understood. Their chattering went on undiminished, and they even went so far as to lay tiny hands on him, as if they would prevent him by force from seeking out the terror of their lives.  "No, no, no!" they wailed murmurous- ly. "You do not know what it is you seek! You do not know Thag! Stay here! Beware of Thag!"   A LITTLE prickling of unease went down Smith's back as he listened. Thag must be very terrible indeed if even half this alarm had foundation. And to be quite frank with himself, he would greatly have preferred to remain here in the hidden quiet of the hollow, with its illusion of shelter, for as long as he was allowed to stay. But he was not of the stuff that yields very easily to its own ter- rors, and hope burned strongly in him still. So he squared his broad shoulders and turned resolutely in the direction the tree-folk had indicated.  When they saw that he meant to go,      their protests sank to a wail of bitter grieving. With that sound moaning be- hind him he went up out of the hollow, like a man setting forth to the music of his own dirge. A few of the bravest went with him a little way, flitting through the underbrush and darting from tree to tree in a timidity so deeply ingrained that even when no immediate peril threatened they dared not go openly through the twilight.  Their presence was comforting to Smith as he went on. A futile desire to help the little terror-ridden tribe was ris- ing in him, a useless gratitude for their warning and their friendliness, their gen- uine grieving at his departure and their odd, paradoxical bravery even in the midst of hereditary terror. But he knew that he could do nothing for them, when he was not at all sure he could even save himself. Something of their panic had communicated itself to him, and he ad- vanced with a sinking at the pit of his stomach. Fear of the unknown is so poig- nant a thing, feeding on its own terror, that he found his hands beginning to shake a little and his throat going dry as he went on.  The rustling and whispering among the bushes dwindled as his followers one by one dropped away, the bravest staying the longest, but even they failing in cour- age as Smith advanced steadily in that di- rection from which all their lives they had been taught to turn their faces. Pres- ently he realized that he was alone once more. He went on more quickly, anxious to come face to face with this horror of the twilight and dispel at least the fear- fulness of its mystery.  The silence was like death. Not a breeze stirred the leaves, and the only sound was his own breathing, the heavy thud of his own heart. Somehow he felt sure that he was coming nearer to his