292 WEIRD TALES    For the last six months of his life, he was making ready for his son." There was an odd sort of pride in Carrier's voice.  I remembered now that my father had written for my measurements. I had thought he meant to make me a present, but when time passed and I heard nothing, the incident had slipped from my mind. I looked at Wrexler, expect- ing to see some sign of amusement on his face, but he stood quietly looking at the tapestry that hung half-way up the grand stairway. There was a dreamy, far-away expression in his eyes.  "May I speak before your friend?" Carrier asked.  I nodded. The servants had already disappeared with our luggage. I threw myself down on a long, low bench, and Carrier sat opposite me.  "You understood the terms of your father's will, of course," Carrier began, "that you must live here six months, but you did not know that you must live here, as he did, in the past. If you do not, then Rougemont goes to your father's steward, with the same condi- tions--to be kept always as it is; with only a small sum set aside for you."  I said nothing. Driving along the road from Paris, it would have seemed fan- tastic, but here--under the spell of Rougemont--it seemed as though any- thing else would be impossible.   CARRIER went on, "You will be Grand Seigneur--Lord of the Manor, in the old style. You may have your guests if you like, but they too must conform with the rules." Here he glanced at Wrexler, who still stood as though he were in a trance. "The other six months you are free to do as you please, spend what you like of the money not needed for Rougemont--that is, if you want to go anywhere else"     Evidently he had finished his speech. At the time I did not recognize the significance of his last words. "I am will- ing to submit to the conditions; only"-- a sudden thought struck me--"I don't want to lose all touch with the outside world. Can I go to Vichy--to get papers and so forth? I don't suppose they had papers in Francis First's time."  Monsieur de Carrier smiled. "My dear boy, your father didn't wish to make a prisoner of you. You may go to Vichy if you like. But you must not be away from Rougemont more than twenty-four consecutive hours during the six months you are in residence.  "So far as the papers, etc., are con- cerned, they will be at the lodge. There is also a telephone, and your own clothes will be kept there. After tonight, nothing of 1935 must come within these halls, but you are free to go to the lodge any time you want to. You can get in touch with me also, if you desire further information, De Lacy, the steward, will look out for you. He knows your father's ways. Now permit me to congratulate you and say au revoir, my young friend."   Monsieur de Carrier got up on his stubby fat legs, made a little bow to me, another to Wrexler which went unheeded.  I too arose. "It will seem strange, but I'll do my best."  l,One other thing," Monsieur de Car- rier was all of a sudden very grave. "In two weeks' time you will be given a key. It unlocks a casket you will find in the library. In it you will find a message from your father. Adieu, my boy, I wish you well."  With a click of the heels and a friendly smile, he was gone.  I turned to Wrexler. "What do you think of it?" I asked.  Wrexler did not answer. He still stood gazing up at the stairway. The