300 WEIRD TALES    could not see her, because at the moment he was facing me, his hand on my arm. His fingers touching me were not quite steady. It brought me back to reality. "Wrexler," I cried, "you--could leave Rougemont."  Her eyes clouded with anger. She looked at me reproachfully, command- ingly. As though I were dreaming, I heard my own voice, "I don't want you to go, I would be lonely without you. Perhaps there is no danger."  Wrexler looked at me curiously. "There is risk, I know that, but I do not care. I am like a man who has eaten a strange and terrible drug, who knows the danger, but can not resist it. I will stay."  Beyond him Helene smiled a satisfied smile, as she looked at Wrexler's broad back. It made me feel afraid. Then sud- denly her gaze swept to me, and the smile changed into a languorous one that promised all things. My heart beat faster, and I forgot my fear.  Wrexler moved restlessly, turning so that we were side by side. Even in that second Helene had vanished--how, I do not know. One minute she was there, the next she was not.  We walked along slowly. Finally Wrexler spoke. "No matter what hap- pens, and I mean that widely, my friend, you are not to regret. For a little time I have been happy. I have come alive. I have loved, even though the woman that I love is a wraith. I have felt a sensation I thought never to feel. If I could hold her in my arms and press my lips to hers, I would count the world well lost."  I could say nothing, because--God pity me!--I knew just how he felt.   THE days slipped away quickly. I did not see Helene again, but Wrex- ler did. Almost every day he met her      in the rose garden, where they spent long hours.  He told me that she was always elusive, but at the same time promising that some day she would be kinder. He said her voice was like golden honey and that without her he could not face life.  Once I saw them myself, as I came from an interview with de Lacy. As I approached the rose garden through an opening in the arches, I saw them sitting side by side on the marble bench, and of the two, Helene looked the more earthly. For Wrexler had grown paler and more ethereal every day. His eyes were luminous as he looked at her adoringly.  She saw me first, and her lips curved sweetly. She rose in a leisurely fashion, turned her back to me and dropped a low curtsy to Wrexler; then while I still watched, she extended one slender hand to him. He bent over it, his lips touched its soft whiteness. A little laugh like the tinkle of silver bells swept through the garden; then she was gone.  Wrexler stood like a man in a trance. I came quickly forward. "You are play- ing with fire!" I cried.  Wrexler roused. "You saw?"  I nodded.  "Have you ever seen anything more beautiful, more lovely?"  I shook my head.  "I'm not afraid any more. She has promised me--"  But what Helene had promised I was not to know, for Wrexler's mouth shut with a snap. When I pressed him, he shook his head. Finally he said, carefully choosing his words with a reluctance that was strange to him:  "To me is to be granted something beyond the knowledge of mortal man, I can tell you no more, but some day you will know." There was an expres- sion on his face that transcended earth.   The next night I spoke to de Lacy