370 WEIRD TALES    bodies lie still and inert. After a time nature will resume her sway, our spirits will return into our respective bodies, and all will be as before. With your kind permission, we shall now proceed to at- tempt the experiment."  The applause was renewed at this speech, and the audience settled down in expectant silence. With a few rapid passes the professor mesmerized the young man, who sank back in his chair, pale and rigid. He then took a bright globe of glass from his pocket, and by concentrating his gaze upon it and mak- ing a strong mental effort, he succeeded in throwing himself into the same condi- tion. It was a strange and impressive sight to see the old man and the young sitting together in the same cataleptic state. Whither, then, had their souls fled? That was the question which pre- sented itself to each and every one of the spectators.  Five minutes passed, and then ten, and then fifteen, and then fifteen more, while the professor and his pupil sat stiff and stark upon the platform. During that time not a sound was heard from the assembled savants, but every eye was bent upon the two pale faces, in search of the first signs of returning consciousness.  Nearly an hour had elapsed before the patient watchers were rewarded. A faint flush came back to the cheeks of Pro- fessor von Baumgarten. The soul was coming bade once more to its earthly tenement. Suddenly he stretched out his long thin arms, as one awaking from sleep, and rubbing his eyes, stood up from his chair and gazed about him as though he hardly realized where he was.  "Tausend Teufel!" he exclaimed, rap- ping our a tremendous South German oath, to the great astonishment of his audience and to the disgust of the Swe- denborgian. "Where the Henker am I then, and what in thunder has occurred?      Oh, yes, I remember now. One of these nonsensical mesmeric experiments. There is no result this time, for I remember nothing at all since I became unconscious; so you have had all your long journeys for nothing, my learned friends, and a very good joke, too;" at which the regius professor of physiology burst into a roar of laughter and slapped his thigh in a highly indecorous fashion.  The audience were so enraged at this unseemly behavior on the part of their host, that there might have been a con- siderable disturbance, had it not been for the judicious interference of young Fritz von Hartmann, who had now recovered from his lethargy. Stepping to the front of the platform, the young man apolo- gized for the conduct of his companion.  "I am sorry to say," he said, "that he is a harum-scarum sort of fellow, al- though he appeared so grave at the com- mencement of this experiment. He is still suffering from mesmeric reaction, and is hardly accountable for his words. As to the experiment itself, I do not consider it to be a failure. It is very possible that our spirits may have been communing in space during this hour; but, unfortu- nately, our gross bodily memory is distinct from our spirit, and we cannot recall what has occurred. My energies shall now be devoted to devising some means by which spirits may be able to recollect what occurs to them in their free state, and I trust that when I have worked this out, I may have the pleasure of meeting you all once again in this hall, and demonstrating to you the result"  This address, coming from so young a student, caused considerable astonishment among the audience, and some were in- clined to be offended, thinking that he assumed rather too much importance. The majority, however, looked upon him as a young man of great promise, and many comparisons were made as they left