362 WEIRD TALES    Do not seek to discover it before it is re- vealed to you. Wait patiently, and in due time you will be taken by the warders of the secret down the stairway to the under- ground cavern. And then you will learn the secret of Kralitz."  As the last word passed my father's lips he died, his stern face still set in its harsh lines.   DEEP in my memories, I had not noticed our path, but now the dark forms of my guides paused beside a gap in the stone flagging, where a stairway which I had never seen during my wan- derings about the castle led into subter- ranean depths. Down this stairway I was conducted, and presently I came to realize that there was light of a sort--a dim, phosphorescent radiance that came from no recognizable source, and seemed to be less actual light than the accustoming of my eyes to the near-darkness.  I went down for a long time. The stairway turned and twisted in the rock, and the bobbing forms ahead were my only relief from the monotony of the in- terminable descent. And at last, deep underground, the long stairway ended, and I gazed over the shoulders of my guides at the great door that barred my path. It was roughly chiseled from the solid stone, and upon it were curious and strangely disquieting carvings, sym- bols which I did not recognize. It swung open, and I passed through and paused, staring about me through a gray sea of mist.  I stood upon a gentle slope that fell away into the fog-hidden distance, from which came a pandemonium of muffled bellowing and high-pitched, shrill squeak- ings vaguely akin to obscene laughter. Dark, half-glimpsed shapes swam into sight through the haze and disappeared again, and great vague shadows swept Overhead on silent wings. Almost beside      me was a long rectangular table of stone, and at this table two score of men were seated, watching me from eyes that gleamed dully out of deep sockets. My two guides silently took their places among them.  And suddenly the thick fog began to lift. It was swept raggedly away on the breath of a chill wind. The far dim reaches of the cavern were revealed as the mist swiftly dissipated, and I stood silent in the grip of a mighty fear, and, strangely, an equally potent, unaccount- able thrill of delight. A part of my mind seemed to ask, "What horror is this?" And another part whispered, "You know this place!"  But I could never have seen it before. If I had realized what lay far beneath the castle I could never have slept at night for the fear that would have ob- sessed me. For, standing silent with con- flicting tides of horror and ecstasy racing through me, I saw the weird inhabitants of the underground world.  Demons, monsters, unnamable things! Nightmare colossi strode bellowing through the murk, and amorphous gray things like giant slugs walked upright on stumpy legs. Creatures of shapeless soft pulp, beings with flame-shot eyes scat- tered over their misshapen bodies like fabled Argus, writhed and twisted there in the evil glow. Winged things that were not bats swooped and fluttered in the tenebrous air, whispering sibilantly-- whispering in human voices.  Far away at the bottom of the slope I could see the chill gleam of water, a hid- den, sunless sea. Shapes mercifully al- most hidden by distance and the semi- darkness sported and cried, troubling the surface of the lake, the size of which I could only conjecture. And a flapping thing whose leathery wings stretched like a tent above my head swooped and hovered for a moment, staring with flam-