RED NAILS 353    blade, driven with all the power of the pirate's muscles, impaled the princess of Tecuhltli so that the point stood out be- tween her breasts. Tascela screamed once and fell dead, and Valeria spurned the body with her heel as it fell.  "I had to do that much, for my own self-respect!" panted Valeria, facing Co- nan across the limp corpse.  "Well, this cleans up the feud," he grunted. "It's been a hell of a night! Where did these people keep their food? I'm hungry."  "You need a bandage on that leg." Valeria ripped a length of silk from a hanging and knotted it about her waist, then tore off some smaller strips which she bound efficiently about the bar- barian's lacerated limb.  "I can walk on it," he assured her.      "Let's begone. It's dawn, outside this infernal city. I've had enough of Xuchotl. It's well the breed exterminated itself. I don't want any of their accursed jewels. They might be haunted."  "There is enough clean loot in the world for you and me," she said, straightening to stand tall and splendid before him.  The old blaze came back in his eyes, and this time she did not resist as he caught her fiercely in his arms.  "It's a long way to the coast," she said presently, withdrawing her lips from his.  "What matter?" he laughed. "There's nothing we can't conquer. We'll have our feet on a ship's deck before the Stygians open their ports for the trading season. And then we'll show the world what plundering means!"  [THE END]   R. E. H. Died June, 11, 1936 By R. H. BARLOW  Conan, the warrior king, lies stricken dead Beneath a sky of cryptic stars; the lute That was his laughter stilled, and sadly mute Upon the chilling earth his youthful head. There sounds for him no more the clamorous fray, But dirges now, where once the trumpet loud: About him press old memories for shroud, And ended is the conflict of the day.  Death spilled the blood of him who loved the fight As men love mistresses, and fought it well-- His fair young flesh is marble where he fell With broken sword that vanquished all but Night; And as of mythic kings our words must speak Of Conan now, who roves where dreamers seek.   W. T.--7