RED NAILS 345    "Thanks to Conan and me, you bloody rogue!" sneered Valeria, trembling with fury and the shame of physical coercion. "You treacherous dog! Conan will cut your throat for this!"  Olmec did not bother to voice his be- lief that Conan's own gullet had already been severed according to his whispered command. He was too utterly cynical to be at all interested in her thoughts or opinions. His flame-lit eyes devoured her, dwelling burningly on the generous ex- panses of clear white flesh exposed where her shirt and breeches had been torn in the struggle.  "Forget Conan," he said thickly. "Ol- mec is lord of Xuchotl. Xotalanc is no more. There will be no more fighting. We shall spend our lives in drinking and love-making. First let us drink!"  He seated himself on an ivory table and pulled her down on his knees, like a dark-skinned satyr with a white nymph in his arms. Ignoring her un-nymphlike pro- fanity, he held her helpless with one great arm about her waist while the other reached across the table and secured a vessel of wine.  "Drink!" he commanded, forcing it to her lips, as she writhed her head away.  The liquor slopped over, stinging her lips, splashing down on her naked breasts.  "Your guest does not like your wine, Olmec," spoke a cool, sardonic voice.  Olmec stiffened; fear grew in his flam- ing eyes. Slowly he swung his great head about and stared at Tascela who posed negligently in the curtained doorway, one hand on her smooth hip. Valeria twisted herself about in his iron grip, and when she met the burning eyes of Tas- cela, a chill tingled along her supple spine. New experiences were flooding Valeria's proud soul that night. Recently she had learned to fear a man; now she knew what it was to fear a woman.  Olmec sat motionless, a gray pallor      growing under his swarthy skin. Tascela brought her other hand from behind her and displayed a small gold vessel.  "I feared she would not like your wine, Olmec," purred the princess, "so I brought some of mine, some I brought with me long ago from the shores of Lake Zuad--do you understand, Olmec?"  Beads of sweat stood out suddenly on Olmec's brow. His muscles relaxed, and Valeria broke away and put the table be- tween them. But though reason told her to dart from the room, some fascination she could not understand held her rigid, watching the scene.  Tascela came toward the seated prince with a swaying, undulating walk that was mockery in itself. Her voice was soft, slurringly caressing, but her eyes gleamed. Her slim fingers stroked his beard lightly.   "You are selfish, Olmec," she crooned, smiling. "You would keep our hand- some guest to yourself, though you knew I wished to entertain her. You are much at fault, Olmec!"  The mask dropped for an instant; her eyes flashed, her face was contorted and with an appalling show of strength her hand locked convulsively in his beard and tore out a great handful. This evidence of unnatural strength was no more terri- fying than the momentary baring of the hellish fury that raged under her bland exterior.  Olmec lurched up with a roar, and stood swaying like a bear, his mighty hands clenching and unclenching.  "Slut!" His booming voice filled the room. "Witch! She-devil! Tecuhltli should have slain you fifty years ago! Be- gone! I have endured too much from you! This white-skinned wench is mine! Get hence before I slay you!"  The princess laughed and dashed the blood-stained strands into his face. Her laughter was less merciful than the ring of flint on steel.