308 WEIRD TALES    lowed the Duryeas through five centuries of French history, but which we can dis- pel as pure superstition, so often connec- ted with ancient families. But I must tell you that this part of the legend is true:  "Your two young brothers actually died in their cradles, bloodless. And I stood trial in France for their murder, and my name was smirched throughout all of Europe with such an inhuman damnation that it drove your aunt and you to America, and has left me child- less, hated, and ostracized from society the world over.  "I must tell you that on that terrible night in Duryea Castle I had been work- ing late on historic volumes of Crespet and Prinn, and on that loathsome tome, Vampyrs. I must tell you of the sore- ness that was in my throat and of the heaviness of the blood which coursed through my veins. . . . And of that presence, which was neither man nor animal, but which I knew was some place near me, yet neither within the castle nor outside of it, and which was closer to me than my heart and more terrible to me than the touch of the grave. . . .  "I was at the desk in my library, my head swimming in a delirium which left me senseless until dawn. There were nightmares that frightened me--fright- ened me, Arthur, a grown man who had dissected countless cadavers in morgues and medical schools. I know that my tongue was swollen in my mouth and that brine moistened my lips, and that a rottenness pervaded my body like a fever.  "I can make no recollection of sanity or of consciousness. That night remains vivid, unforgettable, yet somehow com- pletely in shadows. When I had fallen asleep--if in God's name it was sleep-- I was slumped across my desk. But when I awoke in the morning I was lying face      down on my couch. So you see, Arthur, I had moved during that night, and I had never known it!  "What I'd done and where I'd gone during those dark hours will always re- main an impenetrable mystery. But I do know this. On the morrow I was torn from my sleep by the shrieks of maids and butlers, and by that mad wailing of your aunt. I stumbled through the open door of my study, and in the nursery I saw those two babies there--lifeless, white and dry like mummies, and with twin holes in their necks that were caked black with their own blood. . . .  "Oh, I don't blame you for your in- credulousness, Arthur. I cannot believe it yet myself, nor shall I ever believe it. The belief of it would drive me to suicide; and still the doubting of it drives me mad with horror.  "All of France was doubtful, and even the savants who defended my name at the trial found that they could not explain it nor disbelieve it. The case was quieted by the Republic, for it might have shaken science to its very foundation and split the pedestals of religion and logic. I was released from the charge of murder; but the actual murder has hung about me like a stench.  "The coroners who examined those tiny cadavers found them both dry of all their blood, but could find no blood on the floor of the nursery nor in the cradles. Something from hell stalked the halls of Duryea that night--and I should blow my brains out if I dared to think deeply of who that was. You, too, my son, would have been dead and blood- less if you hadn't been sleeping in a separate room with your door barred on the inside.  "You were a timid child, Arthur. You were only seven years old, but you were filled with the folk-lore of those mad Lombards and the decadent poetry of