324 WEIRD TALES    hollow, Smith remembered it as some cu- rious nightmare--dimness and tapestried blurring, and a hush like death over the whole twilight land, and the timid voices whispering, whispering, eloquent with terror and warning.  He groped back among his memories and brought forth a phrase or two re- membered from long ago, an archaic rendering of the immemorial tongue they spoke. It was the simplest version he could remember of the complex speech now used, but he knew that to them it must sound fantastically strange. Instinc- tively he whispered as he spoke it, feeling like an actor in a play as he mouthed the ancient idiom,  "I--I cannot understand. Speak-- more slowly--"  A torrent of words greeted this render- ing of their tongue. Then there was a great deal of hushing and hissing, and presently two or three between them be- gan laboriously to recite an involved speech, one syllable at a time. Always two or more shared the task. Never in his converse with them did he address any- one directly. Ages of terror had bred all directness out of them.  "Thag," they said. "Thag, the terrible --Thag, the omnipotent--Thag, the un- escapable. Beware of Thag."  For a moment Smith stood quiet, grin- ning down at them despite himself. There must not be too much of intelligence left among this branch of the race, either, for surely such a warning was superfluous. Yet they had mastered their agonies of timidity to give it. All virtue could not yet have been bred out of them, then. They still had kindness and a sort of desperate courage rooted deep in fear.  "What is Thag?" he managed to in- quire, voicing the archaic syllables uncer- tainly. And they must have understood the meaning if not the phraseology, for another spate of whispered tumult burst      from the clustering tribe. Then, as be- fore, several took up the task of answer- ing.  "Thag--Thag, the end and the begin- ning, the center of creation. When Thag breathes the world trembles. The earth was made for Thag's dwelling-place. All things are Thag's. Oh, beware! Beware!"   This much he pieced together out of their diffuse whisperings, catching up the fragments of words he knew and fitting them into the pattern.  "What--what is the danger?" he man- aged to ask.  "Thag--hungers. Thag must be fed. It is we who--feed--him, but there are times when he desires other food than us. It is then he sends his priestess forth to lure--food--in. Oh, beware of Thag!"   "You mean then, that she--the priest- ess--brought me in for--food?"  A chorus of grave, murmuring affirma- tives.  "Then why did she leave me?"  "There is no escape from Thag. Thag is the center of creation. All things are Thag's. When he calls, you must answer. When he hungers, he will have you. Be- ware of Thag!"  Smith considered that for a moment in silence. In the main he felt confident that he had understood their warning cor- rectly, and he had little reason to doubt that they knew whereof they spoke. Thag might not be the center of the universe, but if they said he could call a victim from anywhere in the land, Smith was not disposed to doubt it. The priestess' willingness to let him leave her unhin- dered, yes, even her scornful laughter as he looked back, told the same story. Whatever Thag might be, his power in this land could not be doubted. He made up his mind suddenly what he must do, and turned to the breathlessly waiting little folk.  "Which way--lies Thag?" he asked.