310 WEIRD TALES    the late evenings, he assumed the unap- proachable mantle of a dreamer and sat silently before the fire, his mind ever off in unknown places.  In that little lodge there was no elec- tricity, and the glow of the oil lamps played curious tricks with the human expression which frequently resulted in something unhuman. It may have been the dusk of night, the flickering of the lamps, but Arthur Duryea had certainly noticed how his father's eyes had sunken further into his head, and how his cheeks were tighter, and the outline of his teeth pressed into the skin about his lips.   IT WAS nearing sundown on the second day of their stay at Timber Lake. Six miles away the dirt road wound on toward Houtlon, near the Canadian border. So it was lonely there, on a soli- tary little lake hemmed in closely with dark evergreens and a sky which drooped low over dusty-summited mountains.  Within the lodge was a homy fireplace, and a glossy elk's-head which peered out above the mantel. There were guns and fishing-tackle on the walls, shelves of reliable American fiction--Mark Twain, Melville, Stockton, and a well-worn edi- tion of Bret Harte.  A fully supplied kitchen and a wood stove furnished them with hearty meals which were welcome after a whole day's tramp in the woods. On that evening Henry Duryea prepared a select French stew out of every available vegetable, and a can of soup. They ate well, then stretched out before the fire for a smoke. They were outlining a trip to the Orient together, when the back door blew open with a terrific bang, and a wind swept into the lodge with a coldness which chilled them both.  "A storm," Henry Duryea said, rising to his feet, "Sometimes they have them      up here, and they're pretty bad. The roof might leak over your bedroom. Perhaps you'd like to sleep down here with me." His fingers strayed playfully over his son's head as he went out into the kitchen to bar the swinging door.  Arthur's room was upstairs, next to a spare room filled with extra furniture. He'd chosen it because he liked the alti- tude, and because the only other bedroom was occupied. . . .  He went upstairs swiftly and silently. His roof didn't leak; it was absurd even to think it might. It had been his father again, suggesting that they sleep together. He had done it before, in a jesting, whispering way--as if to challenge them both if they dared to sleep together.  Arthur came back downstairs dressed in his bath-robe and slippers. He stood on the fifth stair, rubbing a two-day's growth of beard. "I think I'll shave tonight," he said to his father. "May I use your razor?"  Henry Duryea, draped in a black raincoat and with his face haloed in the brim of a rain-hat, looked up from the hall. A frown glided obscurely from his features. "Not at all, son. Sleeping up- stairs?"  Arthur nodded, and quickly said, "Are you--going out?"  "Yes, I'm going to tie the boats up tighter. I'm afraid the lake will rough it up a bit."  Duryea jerked back the door and stepped outside. The door slammed shut, and his footsteps sounded on the wood flooring of the porch.  Arthur came slowly down the remain- ing steps. He saw his father's figure pass across the dark rectangle of a window, saw the flash of lightning that suddenly printed his grim silhouette against the glass.  He sighed deeply, a sigh which burned in his throat; for his throat was sore