278 WEIRD TALES    ancient pomps and vain and vanished splendor. But the statue of Anubis, Opener of the Way, jackal-headed god of Karneter, was not alive, and those that had bowed in worship were long dead. Death was everywhere; it haunted the shadowy tunnel where the idol stood, hidden away in the mummy-cases and biding amidst the very dust of the stone floor. Death, and darkness--darkness undispelled by light these three thousand years.  Today, however, light came. It was heralded by a grating clang, as the iron door at the further end of the passage- way swung open on its rusted hinges; swung open for the first time in thirty centuries. Through the opening came the strange illumination of a torch, and the sudden sound of voices.  There was something indescribably eery about the event. For three thousand years no light had shone in these blade and buried vaults; for three thousand years no feet had disturbed the dusty carpet of their floors; for three thousand years no voice had sent its sound through the ancient air. The last light had come from a sacred torch in the hand of a priest of Bast; the last feet to violate the dust had been encased in Egyptian san- dals; the last voice had spoken a prayer in the language of the Upper Nile.  And now, an electric torch flooded the scene with sudden light; booted feet stamped noisily across the floor, and an English voice gave vent to fervent pro- fanity.  In the torchlight the bearer of the illumination was revealed. He was a tall, thin man, with a face as wrinkled as the papyrus parchment he clutched nervously in his left hand. His white hair, sunken eyes and yellowed skin gave him the aspect of an old man, but the smile upon his thin lips was full of the triumph of youth. Close behind him crowded an-      other, a younger replica of the first. It was he who had sworn.  "For the love of God, father--we've made it!"  "Yes, my boy, so we have."  "Look! There's the statue, just as the map showed it!"  The two men stepped softly in the dust-strewn passage and halted directly in front of the idol. Sir Ronald Barton, the bearer of the light, held it aloft to inspect the figure of the god more closely. Peter Barton stood at his side, eyes following his father's gaze.  For a long moment the invaders scru- tinized the guardian of the tomb they had violated. It was a strange moment there in the underground burrow, a mo- ment that spanned eternity as the old confronted the new.  If the idol had been given the gift of sight it might have contrasted these white-skinned, smartly-accoutered in- truders with the masked and dusky priests of olden days. But Anubis could not see; the god merely grinned in chimeric glee, with stone teeth bared in a cen- turied smile.  But the two men gazed up at the eidolon in astonishment and awe. The colossal figure of the jackal-god domi- nated the dim passage, and its weathered form still held vestiges of imposing grandeur and inexplicable menace. The sudden influx of outer air from the opened door had swept the idol's body free of dust, and the intruders scrutin- ized its gleaming form with a certain vague unease. Twelve feet tall was Anubis, a man-like figure with the dog- face of a jackal upon massive shoulders. The arms of the statue were held forth in an attitude of warning, as if endeavor- ing to repel the passage of outsiders. This was peculiar, for to all intents and purposes the guardian figure had nothing behind it but a narrow niche in the wall.