THE OPENER OF THE WAY 281    first true image of the Opener of the Way."  "Astounding!" Peter had muttered. "Think what it means if this is true; imagine finding the original statue of the god!"  His father merely smiled, a trifle wanly, Peter thought.  "There are ways in which the first image differs from the rest," said the manuscript. "These ways are not good for men to know; so the first likeness was hidden by the Masters through the ages, and worshipped according to its de- mands. But now that our enemies--may their souls and vitals rot!--have dared profane the rites, the Master saw fit to hide the image and bury it with him when he died."  Sir Ronald's voice quivered as he read the next few lines:  "But Anubis does not stand at the head of the inner passage for this reason alone. He is truly called the Opener of the Way, and without his help none may pass to the tomb within."  Here the older man stopped com- pletely for a long moment.  "What's the matter?" inquired Peter, impatiently. "I suppose there's another silly ritual involving the statue of the god, eh?"  His father did not answer, but read on to himself, silently. Peter noticed that Sir Ronald's hands trembled as he held the parchment, and when the older man looked up at last his face was very pale.  "Yes, my boy," he replied, huskily. "That's what it is--another silly ritual. But no need to bother about it until we get to the place itself."  "You mean to go there--discover the spot?" asked the young man, eagerly.  "I must go there." Sir Ronald's tone was constrained. He glanced again at the last portion of the parchment:  "But beware, for those who do not      believe shall die. Pass Lord Anubis though they may, still he shall know and not permit of their return unto the world of men. For the eidolon of Anubis is a very strange one indeed, and holds a secret soul."  The old archeologist blurted out these last words very quickly, and immediately folded up the parchment again. After that he had deliberately turned the talk to practical affairs, as if seeking to forget what he had read.   THE next weeks were spent in prepa- ration for the trip to the south, and Sir Ronald seemed to avoid his son, except when it was necessary to converse with him on matters pertaining directly to the expeditionary affairs.  But Peter had not forgotten. He wondered what it was his father had read silently; that secret ritual which would enable one to pass beyond the Opener of the Way. Why had his father blanched and trembled, then quickly changed the subject to saner things? Why had he guarded the parch- ment so closely? And just what was the nature of the "curse" the manuscript mentioned at the last?  Peter pondered these questions a great deal, but he had gradually dispelled his stronger fears, because of the necessary preoccupation with technical details which the organizing of their expedi- tion subsequently entailed. Not until he and his father were actually in the desert did his misgivings return, but then they plagued him mightily.  There is an air of eon-spawned anti- quity about the desert, a certain aura of the ancient which makes one feel that the trivial triumphs of man are as fleet- ing and quickly obscured as his foot- prints in the shifting sand. In such places there descends upon the soul a sphinx-like brooding, and somber solilo-