306 WEIRD TALES    A cloud came over Doctor Duryea's features. "What did you expea, Arthur?" he demanded quickly. "An evil eye? A shaven head and knotted jowls?"  "Please, Dad--no!" Arthur's words clipped short. "I don't think I ever really visualized you. I knew you would be a splendid man. But I thought you'd look older, more like a man who has really suffered."  "I have suffered, more than I can ever describe. But seeing you again, and the prospect of spending the rest of my life with you, has more than compensated for my sorrows. Even during the twenty years we were apart I found an ironic joy in learning of your progress in college, and in your American game of football."   "Then you've been following my work?"  "Yes, Arthur; I've received monthly reports ever since you left me. From my study in Paris I've been really close to you, working out your problems as if they were my own. And now that the twenty years are completed, the ban which kept us apart is lifted for ever. From now on, son, we shall be the closest of companions--unless your Aunt Ce- cilia has succeeded in her terrible mission."   THE mention of that name caused an unfamiliar chill to come between the two men. It stood for something, in each of them, which gnawed their minds like a malignancy. But to the younger Duryea, in his intense effort to forget the awful past, her name as well as her madness must be forgotten.  He had no wish to carry on this sub- ject of conversation, for it betrayed an internal weakness which he hated. With forced determination, and a ludicrous lift of his eyebrows, he said,  "Cecilia is dead, and her silly super- stition is dead also. From now on, Dad,      we're going to enjoy life as we should. Bygones are really bygones in this case."   Doctor Duryea closed his eyes slowly, as though an exquisite pain had gone through him.  "Then you have no indignation?" he questioned. "You have none of your aunt's hatred?"  "Indignation? Hatred?" Arthur laughed aloud. "Ever since I was twelve years old I have disbelieved Cecilia's stories. I have known that those horrible things were impossible, that they be- longed to the ancient category of myth- ology and tradition. How, then, can I be indignant, and how can I hate you? How can I do anything but recognize Cecilia for what she was--a mean, frus- trated woman, cursed with an insane grudge against you and your family? I tell you, Dad, that nothing she has ever said can possibly come between us again."  Henry Duryea nodded his head. His lips were tight together, and the muscles in his throat held back a cry. In that same soft tone of defense he spoke further, doubting words.  "Are you so sure of your subconscious mind, Arthur? Can you be so certain that you are free from all suspicion, however vague? Is there not a lingering premonition--a premonition which warns of peril?"  "No, Dad--no!" Arthur shot to his feet. "I don't believe it. I've never believed it. I know, as any sane man would know, that you are neither a vam- pire nor a murderer. You know it, too; and Cecilia knew it, only she was mad.  "That family rot is dispelled, Father. This is a civilized century. Belief in vam- pirism is sheer lunacy. Wh-why, it's too absurd even to think about!"   "You have the enthusiasm of youth," said his father, in a rather tired voice. "But have you not heard the legend?"   Arthur stepped back instinctively. He