18 NIGHT LIFE TALES Eddie scratched his head. "How about letting me see the admission list so I'll know who's going to be there? I've got to send some sort of a story back to my paper." The "gentleman of the press" label Eddie had assumed was nothing more than a label. He had been a news- paper reporter back in Kansas City, but it was so long ago he had forgot- ten what it was all about. His main purpose in posing as a newspaperman was to gain admission to the ex- clusive Bal de Legion d'Honeur. The little Frenchman brightened. "Oui, Monsieur, of course! Zat I can do!" He scuttled off, returning with counties sheets of typewritten names. Nine out of ten were prefixed "Chevalier". Eddie ran his eyes down the list. They stopped at the impres- sive cognomen: His Highness Victor San Remo Vallento et entourage d'Allsia. "Who's he?" Eddie queried. "Zee Crown Prince of Alesia, Mon- sieur." "And where is Alesia?" The Frenchman shrugged. "Zat I do not know, Monsieur. His Highness is now at zee Vendome Hotel." There was a strange glint in Eddie's eyes. He copies down the royal dignitary's name. "Thanks a lot," he said. The Vendome was one of Paris' most expensive rococo hostelries. Bold as brass, Eddie walked up to the desk, asked for the Crown Prince. The clerk eyed him. "Who shall I say is calling, Monsieur?" "A representative of the Paris edi- tion of the New York Bulletin." Ten minutes later, Eddie was ad- mitted to a suite of rooms on the sixth floor of the hotel. As he entered the drawing room, he stopped short, stared straight ahead of him. There, reclining on a low, damask-covered divan, was a gorgeous dark-haired female! She was wearing a thin, spun-silver negligee, draped loosely about her body. "I--I beg your pardon," he mur- mured. The girl looked up from her mag- azine. Her black eyes flashed from long curled lashes. Her mouth, car- mine red and moist, smiled a greeting. "Bon jour, Monsieur. You have come to see zee Crown Prince?" She sat up. Eddie's heart thumped like a trip-hammer. A month in France had given Eddie a pretty fair idea of the local crop of beauties. They were plenty spiffy, all things considered. But this gorgeous creature, French or Alesian (what- ever that was!) had the Parisian cuties backed off the map for class. "Er--yes," Eddie Mumbled. "I -- I'd like to see His Highness." The girl swung her shapely legs off the divan. "Your name, Monsieur?" she