8 NIGHT LIFE TALES they were being wrung from their sockets. He stormed out. "You stay away from my platform tomorrow, do you hear? If you don't I'll call the gendarmes the first time I see you slip a finger into a pocket . . . you or your beloved Pietro. I'm going to be with Benoit all this sea- son and I'm not going to have you starting this fake business on the road. Do you understand that?" Salvatia tossed her dark head up- ward, gypsy chieftain blood stirring in her veins, proud and hot. "Fake! Fake!" and her strong young arms locked themselves be- hind his back. When he broke that hold she slid another upon him, back of his neck. "Wrestle!" she spat at him. "If you can wrestle wild bears you can wrestle Salvatia who is only a woman . . . . " "Woman?" Sammy cried. "Not a woman ! A gypsy hell-cat!" Salvatia gritted her teeth and tightened her hold. They wrestled furiously. They tumbled to the ground, rolled on top of one another, their legs thrashing in the air. Their breaths mingled. Their arms locked. When Salvatia realized that he had indeed been wrestling that huge bear in the cage, that he was a far cry from a fake . . . and when she realized that the man held on to her even when he could have easily broken her hold . . . she went limp in his arms. Sammy bent nearer her, not speak- ing. His hand came out from his side and caressed her thick dark hair. He moved his palm over her face, feeling her slim straight nose, her lips, the soft line of her chin and looked into Salvatia's wide, burning eyes. He said, "I did not want to love you, Sal- vatia. That is why I went away. You're a gypsy. Men can not trust gypsies. Only another gypsy would know how to manage you ... to tame you!" Salvatia whispered, "You manage and tame that bear, Sammy. I'm not so strong as he." "It seems that neither of us knew our own minds," said Sammy. "For I went to California to forget you Salvatia. I made lots of money there, not with my bear, but with singing. I trapped that bear in the Rockies. I wrestled him because I knew that one day, despite myself, I would come back to you . . . that I would have to be strong to be worthy of you . . . . " Salvatia's lips turned up in a slow smile. "You understand women, Sammy . . . especially gypsy women !" And then she didn't say anything more. She even ceased to think. For Sammy had her in his strong young arms. Sammy's mouth was crushing down on her own in an endless kiss. She didn't even think of Pietro in that exquisite moment; Pietro who was thinking of her . . . Pietro who was holding Rosalie in his arms, who was threading his fingers through her golden hair and who was listen- ing to Rosalie saying, softly, breath- lessly, "Pietro, we'll run away tonight. Salvatia won't care. Earlier this even- ing I saw her hanging around that American gorgio, telling people what a fake he is and all the time love burned in her eyes. Just as I saw it burning once four years ago when he was a barker for mon pere. Pietro, you want me, too, don't you . . . oh, Pietro, darling, what does it matter if mon pere will be furious with me