NIGHT LIFE TALES 7 laughed at everything he said to the crowd; she said, derisively, loud enough for Sammy to hear, "I've seen that man do his act. It looks real, almost as if he were act- ually tussling with that grizzly. It's a nice act . . . but only an act! That old bear is as tame as any cat that ever curled up on a hearth!" People began to laugh. They looked up at Sammy and laughed in his face, and moved to other side-shows. Sammy climbed down off his plat- form and came up to Salvatia. His jaw was grim, his blue eyes furious. "What sort of a lousy gypsy trick was that, Salvatia Bertovi?" he de- manded, evenly. And he stood there in front of her, tall and blond and whitely American in his anger. Salvatia's heart began to pound beneath the tight blouse of her gypsy dress, her knees shook one against the other. Hatred was delicious. She hadn't felt as alive as this since she could remember. She threw back her dark head, her black eyes burned their hatred against his face. "You are a fake, Sammy Richards !" she said, coldly. "Four years ago you were a barker for Benoit. Now you come back wrestling a bear! You have but to look at that old grizzly to know that he is as tame as any kitten. You have but to look at YOU to know that you couldn't even wres- tle ME!" Somehow, even hating him as she did, she couldn't endure him looking at her like that. He had never looked at her like that before and so she said, "Fake! Go back to your cage and wrestle with that tired old bear! I think you have two customers wait- ing!" And then she spun around on her heel and left him. With quick little steps she hurried across the circus lot. She headed straight for Poetro's rifle range which was closed now. She thought wildly, "I'll go into Pietro's arms. I'll stay in them for a long while and tomor- row Pietro and I will be married. There is no need to wait any longer!" She slipped around behind Pietro's tent and would have gone straight through the opening. But the sound of whispers inside stopped her, made her stand there in the moonlight lis- tening despite herself. Pietro was saying, softly, in a hurt voice, "Salvatia does not love me, Rosalie. For four years I have never been sure of her. But now I know. She doesn't care. Perhaps it's be- cause your yellow hair dazzles my eyes when I'm with her. Perhaps its because I've offered her only a part of my heart since most of it belongs only to you. Rosalie . . . Then Salvatia heard Pietro say, in that throbbing voice, "Rosalie are we always to hide our love like this?" Salvatia listened no longer. With a little sigh she struck out toward the woods where she could sit in soli- tude and think; where she could stare up at the moon and try to puzzle out why hatred had become so much more important in her life than love. Hating Sammy was more important to her than loving Pietro . . . and so she had lost Pietro. She was clear across the circus . grounds, walking slowly, when she heard footsteps behind her, when she heard Sammy Richards say, in a furi- ous voice, "Salvatia!" He came up behind her, caught her slim, bare shoulders in his hands and swung her around to face him. He shook her until her teeth rattled in her head and until her eyes felt as if