48 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine lege friends who owned an estate across the road from the English house. We had to use the utmost cau- tion, for we knew that Oliver had detectives trying to find me. Twice, they had even come to the house, asking for me. But Mr. English had ordered the servants to keep my presence an absolute secret. I didn't dare to step outside day or night, but there were plenty of se- cluded corners in the big house where Don and I could spend hours alone. Hours filled with heart-hungry kisses. Hours that were dangerously sweet with clamorous, yearning im- patience for the day when nothing on earth could keep us apart. Would Thursday never come? Every minute we were simply exist- ing for the time to pass until I was legally free from Oliver's power to take me away from Don. Our nerves were tense, constantly on edge with anxiety that the torment of our waiting would not be futile. Not that I hadn't plenty to do to help speed the days. It was taking all my ingenuity to get together some sort of a trousseau without be- ing able to leave the house to shop, even if I had had enough money. Of course, Don insisted on furnish- ing everything I wanted, but I hated to let him buy my clothes before I was his wife. Anyway, I still had the hundred dollars I had earned in my mad attempt to get expelled from school and get to him. My cheeks burned every time I thought of that afternoon in the mountain pool, but I refused to let it bother me. It would have been foolish to tell Don about it. What was the use for me to step down, even for a moment, from the high pedestal where his ideals had placed me? The incident would never have occurred if I hadn't been placed in such desperate circumstances, which were entirely beyond my control, ex- cept to escape the best way I could. I told myself that every girl has things in her life that are unneces- sary to tell her husband. And so I had simply explained to Don that I had run away from Hillcrest during a hiking trip. The details were nothing but a memory to be forgot- ten, a secret no one would ever know. Nevertheless, I was thankful for the money, glad I hadn't had to spend any of it except a few dollars for a couple of cheap dresses to sup- plement the tweed suit I had worn from school. There was enough left to provide an astonishing amount of things at bargain prices which Don's mother managed to find for me on a couple of shopping trips to New York. There were two unbelievably cheap dinner dresses that looked all right at night, one of shiny black satin, smartly enough cut to be ex- cellent for dining in public aboard ship, the other of white chiffon that made me feel and look like a bride. My traveling ensemble was of deep- green wool that made my skin lus- trous white by contrast, and turned my hair to vivid gold under the small felt hat fashioned like a baby's bonnet. This was to be my wedding attire, since we were going straight to the boat after the ceremony which, owing to the necessary secrecy of our plans, was to be performed in the presence of only the immediate household and a few close friends. Nevertheless, Don's mother and Mr. and Mrs. English were making as elaborate preparations as possible under the circumstances. And Jim- mie Rand had quietly made arrange- ments for a smoker in Don's honor on Wednesday night. LS 3E 