90 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine at last. The walls reeled. The floor swayed. The ivory of her cheeks was a crimson agony of shame. Shiela slid to the floor, dragging the ruffles and satin of her bed with her. She snatched at Kathy's arm, her fingers digging cruelly into the soft flesh. "I'm horrid! I know I am, Kathy. You've been so good to us living here when you'd lots rather have lived alone, and paying board and all, but I can't help it! I'm mad! You can help me out of this, Kathy, and you've got to!" "Wade Duncannon is crazy about you. You could tell him anything and he'd believe it. Tell him you never put the bonds in the safe at all that they have been lost, mis- laid. Tell him-" "He gave them to me himself," Kathy interrupted dully. "He stood there and watched while I put them in the safe. And no one has the combination of that safe but Wade and myself. Not a soul. To-morrow he ll know they are gone, and-" "Well, suppose he does find out." Shiela's words were slow, she kept her eyes averted. "What if he does? He- you could do anything and get away with it, Kathy." Kathy's voice was very still, as still as her white face and dove-gray eyes, when she spoke: "I could let him think I stole them? Is that what you mean? Because Wade Duncannon loves me too much to harm me, I could let him think me a thief, to save you?" "Not to save me alone!" Shiela wailed. "To save Bob, Kathy! He's the one who'll suffer most and you know it. You know what the doc- tor said about his heart. What any shock anything sudden or terrible was liable to do to him?" She snatched at Kathy's hand, grabbed from it the still half-filled bottle. "If you won't help me, Kathy, I'll kill myself! I will. When he comes home he'll find me dead! And he'll die, too. The shock will kill him. you'll be a double murderer, Kathy!" She ran for the bathroom, slammed the door shut, and turned the key. Kathy pounded on it. Outside on the stairs she heard the sound of feet. Bob's feet. Heard him in the hall, and heard Shiela's wailed, "Promise! Promise! I'll never run up another bill, Kathy! Never! Promise!" And then, she was unfastening the burglar chain on the door, with her, "I promise," still on her lips. She was grateful for the room's dimness. Grateful, for the first time for Bob's brotherly, unseeing eyes. "H'lo, sis," he mumbled, and threw his coat and hat onto a chair. Where's Shiela Hey! Shiela!" "She's got a headache," Kathy replied. "She's in the bedroom, Bob. Better not turn on the lights. you'll find a cold supper in the ice box." And going to her room, she closed her door very quietly on his anxious, love-filled, "Darling!" It seemed to her suddenly that she couldn't bear any more. In the darkness of her tiny room, she undressed. It was warm out- side. Even the air of the great city, was sweet with the live, soft odor of spring. Down below a car honked. There was the low caress of a man's voice, and the soft laugh of a happy girl. Somewhere a radio was playing, some one was singing a dreamy love song. "Bob! Bob! Bob!" Kathy sobbed. "For your sake! For you!" And kneeling by the window, her brown head on her bent arm, she cried herself into a miserable sleep of exhaustion. When Wade reached his office the next morning, Kathy was there 