Cause For Divorce 87 I am. That's supposed to be a joke, Kathy." But Kathy didn't laugh. She didn't smile. "I wish you wouldn't, Wade," she pleaded. "And I wish you wouldn't keep making excuses for coming here evenings. Night be- fore last it was some papers I'd for- gotten to sign at the office before I left. Last week it was something else just as absurd. To-night it's those bonds. They're in the safe. You saw me put them there your- self. And this is my sister's home, Wade. It isn't mine. Shiela is beginning to notice and so is Bob." Before the look in Kathy's honest gray eyes, Wade's dropped guiltily. He said, sullenly like a shamed boy: "I did look in the safe. Honest I did, Kathy, and I couldn't find them, and Cameron did want them in a hurry. He called me at the club. As for that sister and brother- in-law of yours, if they don't know I'm crazy in love with you, they re blind. "Kathy dear"- his sullenness softened to pleading- "it isn't as though Helen didn't want a divorce. She does. She's as anxious for one as I am anxious to give it to her, but she wants a New York divorce, where incompatability and mental cruelty don't go. And I'm just old- fashioned enough not to let her drag my name over every paper in this town for a- a whim. Unless you -" There was humbleness in his eyes; humbleness in his stammered unfinished question. But, at Kathy's shaken head, his humbleness was forgotten. He caught her hands in a tight grasp and pulled her to him. His dark eyes bored down into hers, fired with jealous anger. "What's the matter with me, any- way?" he asked. "Thirty isn't old. I've got money, and a clean past- as men's pasts go. Cleaner than lots of men I know, or Helen wouldn't be howling her head off for a divorce she can't get! It's another man, that's what it is. You love some one else. Who is he? If I knew whom I had to fight! If I-" But Kathy's fingers were on the door, holding it open, and her voice, clear and final, was carrying out into the hall, and back into the living room behind her: "I'll find those bonds for you to- morrow, Wade. They're in the safe right where I put them. I'll come down early and get them out for you." And then, Wade's feet were on the stairs, and Kathy had turned toward the kitchen, and the half prepared tray for Shiela, that Wade s coming had interrupted. Kathy was glad, almost, of Shiela's headache that had sent her early to bed. She was glad that Bob wouldn't be home until late. She felt terribly depressed. Wade was so kind. So good. Even if he did have a good business and plenty of money, life had given him a bad deal. He wanted a home, a good wife, some one who would be con- tent to settle down and live a peace- ful life with him. Kathy knew, too, that he wanted her. If only she could go to him. If only she could let his love infold her, protect her. If only she could forget this blind, hopeless devotion for Bob, that she had hidden so long in her heart! That last year in the university, she had been so sure of him, before Shiela's coming had spoiled it all. So sure and so happy! Then Shiela and her frail loveliness, her blond wistful appeal, had arrived and Bob was her brother-in-law instead of her husband, and worshiping at Shiela's spoiled, indolent little feet. Kathy sighed, and brushed at her 