Cause For Divorce 91 waiting for him. There were faint shadows beneath her huge gray eyes, and against the pallor of her face, her lips were a splash of crimson. Because she neither thought of it nor cared, she never had been so beautiful. Looking at her, Wade flushed, and fumbled with his hat and cane to hide the starved hunger that shook him. His voice was casual, even gruff. "Those bonds, Kathy? I suppose you found them. Cameron is com- ing for them this morning." There was a strange tenseness about her silence that brought him about quickly to meet her eyes. Inside herself somewhere, Kathy was telling herself: This isn't true. It must be a nightmare: I'm dream- ing. While outside, she was saying, baldly, her words bleak and toneless with fright: "They aren't there, Wade. They aren't there. I took them. I had to have money and I took them to play the market. I had expected to make a lot of money, but I lost." His hands were on her shoulders, turning her to face him. His eyes were boring into hers. "You what? he was crying down at her. You what? Say that again, Kathy! You did what?" "I took them. I had to have money and I took them. It- it-" She groped wildly for a reason, and snatched at the first thing her half crazed mind could grasp Shiela's reason. "It was a fur coat I owed for. They were going to sue me, and I took the bonds, to gamble on and lost." "That's a lie," Wade said. His face was as pale as Kathy's, but his eyes were hot with quick suspicion. "You might as well tell me, Kathy. You took that money to help the man you love. What is his name? If I can't get it from you, I'm going to your sister and your brother-in- law. I'm going to find out." He was reaching for his hat when Kathy caught his arm. She wasn't crying, she was too miserable to cry. But she was sobbing. Dry, tearless sobs that tore at her throat. "Wade! Please! Please not that! I'll pay you back! I'll do anything, Wade, if you don't tell them. Any thing!" He looked down at her clingin fingers; looked into her eyes. "You'll do anything, will you?" he said. "Anything. Scared, aren't you? And all for a fur coat! Bosh!" Crossing to a window, he stoo there, his arms crossed, looking moodily down into the street below. "All right, Kathy," he said at last, and laughed, and Kathy chilled at his laughter, it was so cold and mirthless and hard. "All right. I'm taking you up on that. You say you were in trouble; that you had to have money. You knew I would have given you ten times that sum if you wanted it, yet rather than let me have the pleasure of helping you, you stole it. "You owe me a thousand dollars, Kathy, and you're going to pay it back. Do you know how?" Coming close to her, he stood be- fore her, holding her eyes with his. It seemed to Kathy she couldn't have moved had the world come to an end. She didn't try. "You are going to spend this week-end up in the mountains with me," Wade went on. "I've got a cottage up in the Catskills, and you're going there with me. You're going to be that 'cause for divorce' that Helen has been wanting me to give her for so long. And you're going to give me that kiss I've starved for and hungered for and dreamed of." 