The Love Pawn 61 gasped, looking desperately about for help, "my uncle Jerry will pay you any amount! My uncle or my fiance would do that," she con- tinued, her tawny-brown eyes flash- ing furiously, "but I wouldn't!" She took one hand from the wheel, to snap her fingers under the man's nose. "I'd never give in! I'd refuse to traffic with your kind!" "Fine!" exclaimed her kidnaper, amazingly." I knew you were that kind, spirited and nervy, when I se- lected you to help me in a plan I've got! You might call me 'Red'- with a gesture toward his hair which flamed in the sunlight- "because we're going to know each other pretty well before we get through with this thing. Of course, I know you're Paula Ingram!" Sheer surprise made Paula drive on, down a busy street, past two un- suspecting traffic cops. Her captor's voice echoed in her ears with a familiar ring. Where had she heard it before? He was not at all the criminal type. He was well dressed, his hands cared for, his teeth nice. And he would have been splendidly attractive, but for those harsh lines about his mouth, that terrible look in his slate-gray eyes. The whole thing was almost ab- surd, it seemed so natural yet so horrid! She drove on, through business streets, residential districts, out to the open country. Twice, they passed people she knew; one, a car full of girls who had been with her at a luncheon in her honor, that very day! They waved at her. If she should scream, now- "No squealing!" ordered the deadly voice at her elbow. She could feel the cold steel of the re- volver through her dress. "Let your friends think you're taking a ride with a new date!" A new date! "You must be crazy!" she said, her eyes flashing. "You will never get away with this, you poor, puny thing! I almost feel sorry for you when I think of the money and power my guardian, Uncle Jerry, will put behind a search for me!" "There will be no search," said the man who called himself Red, calmly. "I've fixed that. We leave the car at Philadelphia, and I'm taking you by airplane to Santa Barbara, California." The countryside through which they were passing swam dizzily past Paula. To California from Wilming- ton, Delaware! To Santa Barbara, her city of recollections, the home of a man she wanted to forget! Red coolly relaxed, even lighted a cigarette. "You are the girl who is to help me take some money from the bank there!" "Help you rob a bank! I'll die first!" defied Paula's vivid, mutinous lips. "You -you can't force me to do that"! "Yet I have a hunch that you will. And my hunches seldom fail." He seemed so sure, that chills ran through Paula. "It won't be ex- actly robbery. Not from my point of view. Drive slowly, and let me tell you a little story. My name is Jack Delafield. Five years ago, my father was one of the wealthiest men in southern California. Then, on the market, he lost all except a quarter of a million. A lot of money for some people, but little enough when you've had more. A group of hard- boiled thieves in tailored clothes, four men who pretended to be friends, fleeced dad completely. De- liberately, murderously, took his last cent. It wasn't only the money, but his power, his name, all gone. One windy night, he came home to find just one bullet in his revolver. It was enough. He sent it through his 