Little And Lovely 113 ment. She was thinking of Hick, lean, lanky, nervous police reporter who worked on a battered old type- writer that no one else could use and always sat face to the wall. "I'm taking you home now. Would you like to stay there all day and rest? You can have the day off if you want. Perhaps you'd better?" Sophia thought a moment. "No," she finally said, "unless you don't want me in the office. I'd rather get back to work." There was something timid and frightened in her voice. "Want you in the office?" With his characteristic laugh. "We couldn't get along without you! That was why I came down there and insisted upon having you!" "Then I'll just go home and freshen up and get right to work. I'd rather." "Fine!" Linden didn't ask her anything about what had happened. Some- times Sophia was glad and then the next moment she longed to tell him all about it and ask him what he knew of Arnold's fate and that of the other man in the case. She wanted to talk. It would have relieved her. And yet she felt she had no right to put the burden of her confidences on Linden. Perhaps he wouldn't want to be that much drawn into the affair. Because Sophia knew enough of police procedure to know that even though she had been released and was driving away, free, with her chief, there would still be more to the case. Just what direction the rest would take she couldn't even guess. But that it was not finished she knew. Linden stopped the car directly in front of St. Mark's and was out in- stantly, attending her as if she might have been a queen of the realm. The telephone girl looked up at her casually; there was no knowl- edge of what had happened in her calm and friendly eyes! "The young lady left your key in your box, Miss Ambler," she said. "Oh, thanks, such a lot!" leading the way to her apartment door. She was a little bit surprised that Linden accepted her invitation to come in and wait while she changed. Ordinarily he was at his desk at that hour immersed in flimsy, for while he did none of the actual edit- ing himself, he kept in close touch with incoming news- wire and local. He said nothing until she emerged from the bath-dressing room, in fresh clothes and smiling faintly. "That was quickly done!" Sophia was glad that he injected nothing personal into the moment. So far he had not asked her one question or uttered one word of sympathy. It was better that way, for she knew that the first word of sym- pathy would have broken the dam that was holding back her tears. It would have been easy to break down and she didn't want to. Linden was on his feet, leading the way to the door, locking it and handing her the key. In his car they turned directly to- ward the office. At the curb he paused a moment before getting out and turned to Sophia. "No one at the office knows any- thing about this, except Hick, so there'll be no explanations." And for that, too, Sophia was grateful. At first it seemed to her that it would be almost too difficult to take her place at her desk and go through the routine of the day, but as she fell into line of duty it was LS-8E 