First Payment On Paradise 81 could, then went down and knocked sharply on the closed door. "Come in," he called. He glanced up from his work, scarcely seeming to see her. "You seem to be busy these days," she said, watching his long fingers move expertly over the machinery on the table. "Yes, I'm pretty busy," he grunted. "Isn't that Uncle John's invention you're working on?" "Just looking it over. Too bad he couldn't finish it." He didn't glance up. "He spent years working on that invention. You have no right to disturb his things. I forbid it." "Your uncle has something here," he said, looking up at her, his whole face alight. "You don't understand what this means." "I can't see why it should mean anything to you," she answered, and turned and left the room. That night her uncle grew worse. When the doctors told Serena that it was only a matter of hours, she went in search of Jerry. He was not in his room. She finally found him in the lab. She opened the door softly. He was working furiously with grimly set jaw. Working as if against time. She looked at the work table quickly. It was her uncle's invention. "Jerry!" she cried out. "Why are you here at this hour?" "I'm trying to finish some work. Do you need me?" "Uncle John is dying. He's ask- ing for you." "There won't be time to finish," she heard him mutter as he followed her up the narrow basement stairs. Her uncle died an hour later. It was to Jerry he spoke his last words: "Carry on, my boy, and be good to my little Serena." When Jerry turned away, Serena saw that his eyes were filled with tears. Jerry was a good actor, she thought bitterly. If she didn't know the truth, she'd believe that he was really grieved. As she waited for Jerry in the library, the day following her uncle's funeral, Serena's mind was a con- fused jumble. Jerry would soon go out of her life forever. She won- dered how it would seem without him. She'd miss Jerry terribly. Miss his quick smile, his eager inter- est in everything about him. Jerry was so frank and outspoken, surely he must be honest. But why had he been working on her uncle's in- vention? The doubt arose again to torture her. Could he have known about the invention when he mar- ried her? He could finish it and present it as his own work, and no one would be the wiser. But she wouldn't let herself doubt Jerry. He was going back to the girl he loved, and that was that! He came in quickly, an apology on his lips. "Sorry to have kept you waiting. I've been getting my few belongings together." "I- I want to thank you- for everything. You were wonderful to Uncle John." She studied his face for any sign of embarrassment or guilt. His eyes met hers frankly, fearlessly. "He was a dear old man. I'll be better for having known him." She went over to the desk and picked up a check. As she handed it to him, she raised her brown eyes to meet his intense blue gaze. "I suppose you'll be going back to New York soon," he said. "You'll be happy to get back with your artist friends." "I'm not going back, Jerry. You've made me realize how unim- LS-6E 