106 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine corrected him. "I've definitely broken with Dick." Grant looked at her quickly, and his face brightened at the good news. But then it clouded slowly, and he continued in a dreary voice: "I thought my work was all-im- portant in my life, that it always would be. But it isn't, Heather you are." There was such aching desire in his voice that she made a little pleading gesture with her hand. "I'm fond of Nancy, and it wouldn't be fair to hurt her. What are we to do you and I?" he asked des- perately. Heather pulled on her coat. "I'll go away. I couldn't work for Dick any more, now. I told him I'm go- ing as soon as the long hours at the store are over." Grant turned up her collar pro- tectingly, and for just a moment his fingers lingered against the warm smoothness of her throat. "Two o'clock," he said at last. "I'd better get started on my calls. Good-by, Heather." She shivered. That good-by sounded so final. "Good-by," she managed, and fled down the stairs to the drug store. She found Dick in the prescription room, drinking straight whiskey. "Well," he began savagely, "about time you were getting back." Heather glanced at the work table. The milk bottle in which Bill had delivered the coffee, and an empty cup stood there. The labels were gone. "Did Chuck Parks take the prescriptions in his car?" she asked worriedly. Dick jerked his head in assent. "Where have y'been?" he asked brusquely. She hung up her coat. "Sadie cut her hand badly while I was at the restaurant, and I took her to Gra- Doctor Burns's office. Afterward I meant to rest only a minute while he took her home, but the first thing I knew, I fell asleep," she explained wearily. "And I'm supposed to believe that you were sleeping all that time?" He pulled his mouth into an ugly line. "About time Nancy Trenton got wise to things, I'd say!" "Dick!" she cried in horror. The telephone rang, and Heather, glad of the chance to escape, flew to answer it. The call was from the Trenton home. "That was Doctor Burns," she told Dick in a startled voice. "He wondered if you could have made a mistake in filling his prescription for Mr. Trenton, or mixed the labels. He's taken a turn for the worse. It's his heart." Dick moistened his lips. He swore softly and reached for the whiskey. "If he dies-" Heather stopped. Dick swallowed convulsively. Then he shrugged his shoulders. "You wrote the labels," he said un- concernedly. "If I tell them that you made a mistake in pasting them on, that let's me out." Heather stared, horror-stricken. "You wouldn't!" she cried with trembling lips. Dick grinned unpleasantly. "Burns isn't going to testify that you weren't here when the prescrip- tions went out. He's not going around telling people that you two were alone in his office for a couple of hours. Not when old man Tren- ton's money is involved," he cried triumphantly. She tried to think, but her head was swimming, and she sank down onto the cot. She mustn't do anything that would hurt Grant professionally, Heather told herself. And if he wanted to clear her, she mustn't let him do it. 