150 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Boys, send your cheer to Some Fun Kid. Dear Miss Morris: Is there any one who would care to write to a sick young boy who has been in the hospital for al- most two years? It would make me so happy to have some Pals to write to, and I know that receiving letters would please me more than anything else I can think of. I have brown hair, blue eyes, a happy disposition, and make friends easily. Boys, send your letters my way, won't you? Some Fun Kid. Big Sister hopes she merits Pals. Dear Miss Morris: Have you room for another girl who wants Pals to write to? I'm twenty years old, have traveled a little in the United States, can speak French, and am very fond of all sports. I hope some of you girls will find my plea interesting enough to answer it. I will an- swer all letters. Big Sister. Winsome Helen wants a large Pal list. Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl of nineteen, and very lonely. I live in a silk- mill town, and haven't many friends. I'm good-natured and friendly, and want to hear from all you girls between nineteen and twenty-two. I will exchange snapshots with every one who writes. Winsome Helen. She offers you true understand- ing. Dear Miss Morris: I am a former school-teacher, and have also taught sing- ing and home economics. I'm twenty- eight years old, have blue eyes and brown, curly hair. I like to read, sew, cook, col- lect photographs, hike, and am fond of dancing. I want to exchange snapshots and post cards. I understand the meaning of friendship. Pen Pals, I'm waiting for you! Georgia Curly. Girls, write to Eager Kit. Dear Miss Morris: May I join your Corner? I'm a colored girl seventeen years old. I've just finished high school and am getting ready to enter college this year. I'm interested in cooking, sewing, and espe- cially writing letters. I promise to answer every letter I receive. Every one, no mat- ter where you are, won't you write to me? Eager Kit. Old Stater extends his welcome. Dear Miss Morris: My chief wish is to find some true-blue Pals. I'm a young man of twenty, study and read after my day's work, play the piano, and take an interest in life. I'm not especially inter- ested in girls, though some of them are nice. I'm considered good-looking, and have a likable personality. If you fellows want a snapshot and a friendly letter, let me hear from you- Old Stater. Help her to recuperate. Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl twenty years old, and am just recovering my health. I've been working ever since I was sixteen, understand human nature, and know what hard breaks some girls have to put up with. I am a bookkeeper and comptometrist. I think I've had an in- teresting life, and those who write to me won't find my letters dull. Girls between twenty and thirty, won't you please write to me? Bay Road Ila. She loves writing letters. Dear Miss Morris: I want to hear from Pen Pals all over the world, and promise to answer every letter. I'm a girl of eighteen, have just finished high school, and am interested in all sports. Above all, I just love to write letters. Come on, all you girls everywhere, sling some ink my way, won't you? Wilky. Married Florrie likes good times. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young mar- ried woman of twenty-seven. I was born and brought up in the city, but am now living in a small town. I'm fond of fun and good times, and really have oodles of time to write letters, so don't think you'll be neglected, Pals. I will send a photograph of myself to those who'd like to have one. Won't some of you girls write? Married Florrie. Here's a Pal for you younger boys. Dear Miss Morris: Will you find me some Pen Pals? I'm a boy of sixteen, play the violin, piano, guitar, and three other musical instruments. I'm also an expert 