First Payment On Paradise 77 sulted," Serena said, rising to face him, her brown eyes bright with anger. "I don't care what you think of me or my friends. I don't want to be married to you for even a few weeks. I'll find some one else." She turned quickly away from the look in his eyes. "Wait!" he commanded. "I'm sorry I said what I did. I need a thousand dollars badly. You might find a man less decent than I am. I assure you I'd have no desire to take advantage of the situation." He laughed boyishly. "I have a hunch I'd earn the money, coping with that spirited temper of yours, if I married you for a few weeks." "I'd see that you earned it," she answered, a dimple appearing at the corner of her mouth. "I'm not promising that the job will be an easy one." "What's your uncle's last name?" he asked. "Furman- John Furman. Have you ever heard of him?" "I'll say I have! He's one of the really great inventors. Why didn't you tell me sooner? I accept your proposal, if you'll have me." "I- I don't know," she stam- mered. It seemed absurdly melo- dramatic now; her impulsive deci- sion to run down the hall and ask a man, who was almost a stranger, to marry her. She wanted to hurt Landell Carnes! Hurt him as he had hurt her. He had thrown her over for a girl with loads of money, and had gone abroad with her to study art. Serena pretended that she had broken the engagement, but she knew that her friends suspected the truth. "I'll try to make it as easy as I can for you," Jerry offered gently. "You've been hurt, but it's mostly your silly pride. I'm going to take care of you till you're back home in California." He held out a strong brown hand. "Shall we shake hands on our bargain?" As she put her hand in his, Serena felt tears dangerously close. She couldn't bear sympathy now. Her voice was sharp with pain when she answered: "Our bargain doesn't in- clude pity from you. I'm quite capable of taking care of myself. If you think you'll be able to stand me for a few weeks, we'll be mar- ried this afternoon." She turned and hurried out of the room, to the haven of her own at- tractive apartment. His name was Jerome Brandon, and he did have decent clothes to be married in. Serena was thank- ful that she hadn't offered to buy him a new outfit. He probably had a lot of silly pride, himself. She wished her friends could see her new husband in his well-tailored dark- blue suit. He was far handsomer than any of the men she knew. There was nothing about Jerry to be ashamed of. When she gave him money for the expenses of the trip, he accepted it casually, without any sign of embarrassment. The hours that followed were like a hectic nightmare. It was not until after they were on the train, headed for California, that Serena curiously removed the worn old ring from her finger. Jerry had placed it there during the ceremony. Some initials were inside, and the inscription: "Love Everlasting." "Love everlasting," she repeated to herself, and laughed mirthlessly. Her husband had a most peculiar sense of humor. Here she was, mar- ried to a man she barely knew, while her whole being was crying out for Landell. Dear, handsome Landell, who had broken her heart as care- lessly as he had won it. Jerry's cool acceptance of the 