16 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Please!" she repeated tremu- lously. "I'll be right outside!" said Derek grimly. "Call if you want me!" He paid the check for the breakfast and stalked out. He walked up and down, like a sentry, outside the win- dow. Fran noticed that Bill took plenty of time about getting to his feet. Derek was outside by the time Bill faced her. Bill laughed hysterically. "So you're the girl I thought was straight!" Fran sighed wearily. "Bill, are you crazy? I stayed all night in the back room at the mu- seum. Derek bunked with the Liv- ing Skeleton, next door." Bill glared at her from bloodshot eyes. "That's a new one! The Liv- ing Skeleton! What do you take me for, anyhow? Haven't I been through enough? I tramped back and forth in front of that cursed side show all night long. I'm about crazy!" His voice broke. Fran looked at the man polishing glasses in the back of the restaurant. No one else was around. "Bill, you've got this all wrong!" Bill came close. "I should kill you! you'deserve it! But I love you. So I'm going to keep you straight for the rest of your life, if I have to keep you shut up in one room! We re getting married, you and me. Right now!" "So, at last you've said what I've been waiting to hear! For six months I've waited. Now when you do speak, it's too late." Fran's face was very grave. "Bill, I'meant what I told you, last night. You and I are through!" "Will he marry you?" Bill's eyes glared into hers. "It isn't a question of marrying. I-" "I thought so! Well, you'd better do some tall thinking. you're out of a job. My uncle won't let you come back. No recommendation, either!" Bill's tone gloated. So you'd better take me up on my offer, pretty darned quick." "Go away!" said Fran slowly. "Before I begin to loathe you!" Bill's breath came whistling through set teeth. He caught her wrists and twisted them. His hands hurt. Derek came dashing into the lunch room. His face was furious. Bill let go of Fran and dodged out of Derek's way. "Better be sen- sible!" he advised Fran, over his shoulder, as he fled down the street. Derek came over to Fran. "If that beast had hurt you-" His voice wasn't very steady. Fran gasped: "I don't believe I thanked you for the nice break- fast!" Derek's face cleared. He smiled down into her eyes. "Did I ever happen to mention that you're the grandest girl in the world?" he asked softly. At two o'clock, people began crowding around the Chamber of Horrors, attracted by the crimson skull and crossbones Fran had painted. "Here!" said Fran, taking the roll of tickets from Derek. "I'll sell these, while you tell people about things inside the museum." "Oh, I couldn't let you do that, Fran! You've done so much al- ready. I- "Here's my dime, and I'd like to go into this-here place. If you two could decide which one of you is going to sell tickets!" broke in a woman s harsh voice. Fran pulled a ticket from the roll and pocketed the dime. She smiled LS-1E 