110 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine extra nap this morning, mayor?" There was laughter in the voice and something about its intonation struck straight to Sophia's heart and set it trembling madly. She knew those tones! Hot color rushed to her face. She turned in panic as if seeking some means of escape but, in that narrow cell, found none. The speakers had stopped in front of her cubicle. They went on talk- ing as if unaware of her: "You know you're coming up for reelection next fall, the younger man was saying in an easy assured voice. And my paper goes into the homes of a lot of your people. I don't like to remind you of that, but it seems necessary right now." The mayor's fat, ungainly body teetered on its toes. Evidently he was thinking. "I know," he finally said, "but your paper's always been with my party. Why, you'd lose readers if you swung out of line." "I can afford to take a chance on that. But you can't afford to take a chance on losing votes," the other man returned crisply. There was a long silence then which seemed to be tense. "I know, Linden"- it was the mayor's voice "but I can't do this. Why, it ain't legal! It ain't accord- ing to law!" Thursby Linden's crisp, clipped- off, sardonic laugh echoed for only a moment in the corridor. "I've known you to be a little bit careless of the law before, mayor! And this is a case of have to. It's copy marked 'must.'" "But suppose it gets found out that I came over here and inter- fered in this case like this what're people going to think? What's my wife going to think? Yeah, what's my wife going to think of my meddling in the case of a girl like this?" A note of triumph in his voice as if at last he was sure he had found a telling argument. Once more Sophia, sitting in her cell, her hands clenching, feeling as if she must be going a little bit mad with suspense, heard Linden's laugh. "That's a good one! Your wife! What do you suppose she'd think if she knew that some of your clothes had been found in the apartment of that cabaret singer who was found murdered the other day? One of my boys did a little sleuthing on his own before even the police got on the job." "Why, man, that's blackmail!" The mayor's eyes were wide open, and the words came after a mo- ment s silence. "Oh, no! I wouldn't call it by any such hard name as that. It's- well, merely business." I know, but I don't see how I can do this, the mayor stalled. "Now see here"- Sophia, listen- ing, recognized the note of purpose in Linden's voice- "I want that girl out of here. She can't come up in court. Her name must not get into the papers in connection with this. That's the case. That's what I want of you." "Well- why, Linden," the mayor was squirming, "I can't interfere with the boys here. You know how we've been trying to make a clean- ing up lately. The word's gone out that some one's got to be taken in for every crime reported. We're not going to have a lot of cops walking the streets for nothing. They can at least grab some one that looks suspicious and find something out about 'em, make some attempt to get 'em. And now I can't tell the first man that follows orders to lay off. How would that look?" "I'm not interested in that, 