>The Friendliest Corner 149 too. I'm a young married woman who'd like to hear from girls and married women of all ages. Though my days are busy- we raise poultry in addition to working the farm- the evenings are often long and lonely. My pet hobby is collecting picture post cards. May I expect a shower of letters? Farmerette Clair. He'll be a hearty friend. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a nineteen- year-old college boy pleading for Pen Pals. I'm studying to be a chemical engineer, care for everything and every one except girls, and as business is quite dull in my town, I would more than appreciate hear- ing from those who want a sincere Pal. Make the old postman blow his whistle and bring in the letters! Robert T. She likes New York best. Dear Miss Morris: Here's a lonesome young girl who wants her share of Pals. I have recently moved to Washington, D. C., and find it hard to get acquainted. I love excitement, have traveled a lot, but I like New York best. I've no particular hobbies, but enjoy the movies, reading, and almost everything else. All you girls who want a truly understanding Pal, write to me. Your age doesn't matter. I promise to answer all letters. Sunny Paula. Three hearts with a single thought. Dear Miss Morris: Have you room in your Corner for three brunet Virginia girls? We are not exactly lonely, but we'd love to have some Pen Pals. We want to hear from girls living in the West, but girls from all over the world are certainly wel- come. We are three happy friends who believe in having good times. So come on, girls, send some of your letters our way. We'll be very glad to exchange snap- shots. Lucky Ducky Three. She'll tell about far-off Africa. Dear Miss Morris: I would like to join your Friendliest Corner and receive letters from girls in the United States and elsewhere. I am the only girl in our fam- ily, have dark-brown hair and eyes, like swimming and hockey, attend private dances, and am interested in everything. I'm only sixteen, but am quite serious- minded. I'm learning millinery, and in- tend to go into that business. Please, girls, write soon. I'll be glad to tell you anything you want to know about myself and Africa. Eileen of Durban. She's full of mischief. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a Canadian girl of eighteen. Because of poor health, I can't work, and therefore I must stay home most of the time. I have loads of time to write letters, and as I haven't very many friends, it would be great to hear from Pals everywhere. Though I don't get around much, I'm peppy and full of mis- chief, and try never to feel sorry for my- self. Girls, all letters will get a prompt answer. Mischievous Toots. Angie's bashful, but longs for Pals. Dear Miss Morris: I am a brown- eyed girl of twenty-six. I'm very bashful and shy, but once I get acquainted, I have much to talk about. I'm not working at present, and time drags heavily. I've lots of time to write letters. I'd be delighted to see my mail box filled with letters from Pals all over the world. So hurry, and give a lonely girl a break! Angie. You'll like Madalyn and Irvin. Dear Miss Morriss We are brother and sister. Madalyn is fourteen, and Irvin is seventeen. We'd like to hear from young girls and boys living in the South, as we expect to visit there this summer. We've had quite a lot of adventures and want to swap yarns. We are interested in every one and everything, and are sure that Pals who write to us won't be dis- appointed. Who'll be the first? Madalyn and Irvin. All sorts of girls interest her. Dear Miss Morris: Although I am not employed at present, I am keeping cheerful and hope that better luck will come my way soon. I know that it would help a lot if some of the girls would write to me. I want to hear from girls everywhere and in different professions, if any. Age is of no consequence. I live near New York, and can tell you about the big city. Come on, Pals, keep my mail box filled. Pal Edna. 