ADVERTISING SECTION BIG HUSKY MUSCLES ONLY 2.96 Smashing Bargain! Send No Money! Buy Now- Pries Rising You save over half on this big home Gym outfit and amazing course of Physical Culture. Husky 10-cable Ex-erciser adjustable to 200 lbs. resistance. Wall Apparatus for Back and Shoulder development. Hand Grop for husky wrists and Forearms. Regulation Heavy Skip Rope, Head Gear, Foot Harness, the Great Shadow Boxer. NovelRowing parts. complete Course of Instructions "How to Box," "How to Get Strong," "For Men only." All This-For Only $2.96. Act quickly before offer expires. Send your name and address. We'll ship everything out by return mail. Pay postman only $2.96 plus postal charges. Outside U.S. cash with order. HERCULES EXERCISERS 49 E. 21st St. Dept. D-13 New York, N.Y. © I.P.D. Inc. Train for ELECTRICITY in 12 WEEKS AT COYNE The great Coyne Shops in Chicago have a world-wide rep-utation for training men here in Chicago in this big-pay field in only 12 weeks. Then they get behind you to assure success by giving you lifetime employment service. By my new plan YOU can take advantage of their wonderful method of learning-by-doing NOW- no need to lose time and money while you strive and save to raise the necessary tuition. I WILL FINANCE YOUR TRAINING Come to Coyne at once. Get your training. Then start paying me for your training a full two months after you graduate, and take a full ten months to complete your payments. If you will write to me at once I will send you com-plete details of this sensational new plan, together with the BIG FREE illustrated Book telling all about COYNE and how many earn while learning and the train-ing you can get there without book study or useless theory. SEND NOW FOR FULL DETAILS! Mr. H.C. Lewis, President Dept. 34-45, 500 S. Paulina St., Chicago Ill. Tell me how you will finance my training at COYNE and send me the BIG FREE Illustrated book on ELECTRICITY. Name Address City..........State...... Just as EASY as it looks to become a popular musician this delightful, simple as A-B-C way STOP cheating yourself out of musical good times. Stop thinking that learning music is nothing but one grinding session of monotonous exercises after another . . . days, months and years of difficult technique under the thumb of a private teacher. Take a look at the above diagram. Looks easy, doesn't it? Well, it's every bit as simple as it looks. First a note, then a letter. Plenty of clear instructions tell you how each bar is played lots of diagram pictures show you how, then you do it yourself and hear it. Everything to make learning a joy. In fact, the U. S. School of Music has made the reading and play- ing of music so simple that you don't have to know one note from another to begin. Your first thrill comes with your very first lesson. For you are given a piece with a real melody to play by actual notes. Dreamy waltzes, stirring marches, sparkling sonatas follow in short order. No standing still. You become a capable per- former months sooner than you could ever expect to by the old- fashioned way. Besides, you receive all the music you need at no extra cost. Play the "Blues" Away Learn To Play By Note Mandolin Saxophone Piano Cello Organ Ukulele Violin Cornet Banjo Trombone or any other imtrament How can you be content to sit around at party after party and listen to others do all the playing- see them showered with admiration, invitations- when your life-long ambition to become a popular musician is now so easy to realize? Experience the per- sonal satisfaction that comes from being ablo to play "when," "where," and "what" you like for your own amusement and the en- tertainment of others. Don't be afraid to begin your lessons at once. Over 600,000 people learned to play this modern way and found it as easy as A-B-C. Read the list of instruments in the panel. decide which one you want to play and the U. S. School will do tho rest. No matter which instrument you choose, the cost in each case will average the same just a few cents a day. Our fascinating, illustrated Free Book and our Free Demon-stration Lesson explain all about the remarkable method. Clip and mail this coupon today, and they will be sent to you at once. No obligation. Instruments supplied when needed, cash or credit. U.S. School of Music, 3593 Brunswick Bldg., New York City. NRA member We do our part U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC, 3593 Brunswick Bldg., New York City Send me your free book. "How You Can Master Music in Your Own Home," with inspiring message by Dr. Frank Crane; also Free Demonstration Lesson. This does not put me under any obligation. Name ...................... Address ................... Instrument ................ Have you this inst.?....... Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 