THE FRIEND IN NEED Department Conducted by Laura Alston Brown Mrs. Brown will be glad to solve in these pages problems on which you desire advice. Your letters will be regarded confidentially and signatures will be withheld. Although Mrs. Brown receives more letters than she can possibly print in the department, she answers all the others by mail. So, lay your problem before her with the knowledge that it will have her full attention. Address Mrs. Laura Alston Brown, Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. IT has, no doubt, occurred to many newly married couples that the business of rushing away on a honeymoon trip could, for various reasons, be either dispensed with or postponed, especially when the bride is a modern young business woman who feels that she cannot absent herself from her work for any length of time. But if we give way to mel- low sentiment, there is something so lastingly sweet and romantic about a honeymoon the delightful holi- day of two married sweethearts who, for a short period, can feel free from immediate responsibilities and the trying adjustments of married life. Southern Sweetheart can't decide whether to take a honeymoon trip, or begin housekeeping at once. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am faced with a very puzzling problem. Like many other girls of twenty-one, I have met the right man and we are planning to marry in the spring. However, I find it very hard to decide whether we should go away or start our life together without too many sudden changes. Do you think that a young business woman should take a honeymoon trip when she marries? Bob, my fiance, insists that it's up to me to decide, but I can't make up my mind. It has been agreed that I am to keep on working after we are married, because we will need both salaries to keep things going, and I know that many young brides find marriage a bore when time hangs too heavily on their hands. I have a rather responsible job which needs my constant attention, and, besides that, I think that the various adjustments all young couples have to go through when they marry cause enough upheavals. But whenever I stop to think about it, I notice that almost every girl I know who is planning to marry is looking for- ward to the time when she will go away on her honeymoon with the man of her dreams. My mother thinks that Bob and I should have a honeymoon trip, but my older sister argues that in these modern times sensible young couples can easily get along without a trip of this kind. I would like your advice on this prob- lem, Mrs. Brown, and will gladly welcome any suggestions that Friend In Need read- ers care to make to help me decide this honeymoon question. SOUTHERN SWEETHEART Sometimes it seems that the only way to make a decision no matter how important the question- is to 