Reckless Bride 51 Frantically, I reached for the window to close it. But, with a quick, sinuous movement, he stepped forward and thrust his foot over the sill. "Wait a minute, sister," he drawled in a voice of easy familiar- ity. "I've got something of yours that'll interest you in a big way." I stared at him, my terror dis- placed by fury at his insolence. "You must be mistaken," I said coldly. "I never saw you before." I started to move away. His lips twisted in a grin. "And I never saw you before, neither. But it's a lucky break for both of us I got my directions mixed and accidentally busted in here a while ago. The minute I saw you, I recognized you from your picture." "My picture!" I stared at him, puzzled, suspicious. "I don't un- derstand." He tapped his bulging brief case. "I've got it right here in one of the films I'm going to show to-night at the smoker for Mr. Harrison. It was taken in a pool in the woods somewhere." He grinned know- ingly. I stepped back as though he had struck me in the face. My heart froze in my throat. In a flash, I realized what he meant, and a sick- ening wave of horror stabbed through me. Oh, it couldn't be true! Fate couldn't have twisted things like this! "It's pretty hot stuff, you know," he added, his dark face a leering mask. "I thought you wouldn't want your boy friend to see it, con- sidering all the whoopee between you and the guy in the picture." "But there wasn't any one else in it!" I gasped, my heart hammering terrifically, my breath choking my throat. "Anyway, I don't believe you could recognize me -the cam- era was too far away!" I panted, desperately. He leered darkly. "You're wrong on both counts, sister. The guy that made this film is good. He specializes in pictures for the smoker circuit. Maybe you didn't know it, but he must have got a shot at you before you knew he was there. Any- way there's enough close-ups of your face so that I recognized you. Even if he had another couple there for the regular acting and you doubled for the girl in the water, no one'll ever know that from the picture. "The name of it is 'She Hung Her Clothes On A Hickory Tree,'" he said, watching me intently while my eyes dilated in horror as every word he uttered struck a death blow to my heart. "Of course", he added insinuat- ingly, "if you don't want the film to be shown to-night, I can sell it to you." I caught my breath sharply. "How much?" I panted. "Well, it s a total loss to us that way." He rubbed his chin thought- fully while I thought I'd go insane. "I'll make it one grand. One thou- sand bucks," he elucidated. My heart sank sickeningly. "But I haven't that much!" I gasped. Then I remembered all the money I had earned from this wretched pic- ture had gone for clothes for my trousseau, and a black mist clouded my brain. A horrible feeling of helplessness paralyzed me. I stared at him, mute with despair. "Well, it s 0. K. by me," he shrugged. "The film goes on to- night." He shifted his brief case and started to leave. "No!" I cried sharply. "Wait!" I pressed my shaking hand over my aching eyes, my brain reeling des- perately. What could I do? If only I could ask Don for the money! 