ADVERTISING SECTION STOP Your Rupture Worries! Why worry and suffer with that rupture any longer? Learn about my perfected invention. It has brought ease, comfort and happiness to thousands by assisting in relieving and curing many cases of reducible hernia. It has Automatic Air Cushions which bind and draw the broken parts together as you would a broken limb. No ob- noxious springs or pads. No salves or plasters. Durable, cheap. Sent on trial to prove it. Beware of imitations. Never sold in stores nor by agents. Write today for full information sent free in plain, sealed envelope. H.C.BROOKS. 578-R State St., Marshall, Michigan TYPEWRITER only 10c a Day Not used or rebuilt. A new Remington Portable. Carrying case free. Use 10 days without cost. If you keep it, it's yours for only 10c a day. Write today. Say: Tell me how I can get a Remington Porta- ble on 10-day free trial offer for only 10c a day. Reming- ton Rand Inc., Dept.BS-3. Buffalo, N. Y. LETS GO PLACES AND DO THINGS Feel young again- full of ambition and pep. Take Rico-Brasil Mate'. It picks you right up. Makes you feel like going places and doing things. Keeps your system free from the poisons that slow you up. No need to act OLD or feel OLD if you use Rico-Brasil Mate' three times a day. Improvement no- ticed in 24 hours. Endorsed by Doc- tors and Scientists. Month's supply for $1.00 by mail postpaid. With "Folder of Facts." (Will Send C.O.D if Preferred.) Brasil Laboratories, 147 E. 47th St., N. Y. City. Dept. 13 PILES DON'T BE CUT Until You Try This Wonderful Treatment for pile suffering. If you have piles in any form write for a FREE sample of Page's Pile Tablets and you will bless the day that you read this. Write today. E. R. Page Co., 2315-B Page Bldg., Marshall, Mich. NOT HOUSE= BROKEN! We call him Scotty. When your guests put cigarettes in the ash tray- and pat Scotty's head he'll raise his little hind leg and PUT OUT THE CIGARETTE. Convenient water sack inside Scotty is easily filled. At last a canine's most in- convenient habit has been turned into a practical and ex- tremely funny use! Scotty mounted on ash tray both in attractive bronze finish. Srottu may be had for $l.50 postpaid. Money back if not completely satisfied. Remit to HOME GADGETS Dept. 147 200 Fifth Ave. New York City ONLY $1.50 each, delivered HUNDREDS Have ALREADY Won Big Cash Rewards Would You, TOO, Like to WIN $2,500 or Buick Sedan and $1,000 Now Hundreds More Prizes Being Given ANYBODY MAY WIN This is our sensational new way to advertise- giving away big cash prizes- besides thousands in EXTRA cash rewards. Not a cent of your money needed now or ever to win 2,500. Can YOU Find 4 Dogs in Picture Above? Tell me quick! Some are upside down. Some look straight at you. Hundreds have won big cash rewards in other campaigns conducted by men in this firm. Here are a few. Mrs. Kate Needham, a housewife in Oregon won $4,705. Ira Burroughs, past 70 years old in a little Texas town won S2,770. Anna Jacobson in a small New York town won over $5,000. Sister M. Crescence in Arkansas won $1,490. Now comes your chance. You are GUAR- ANTEED to win a cash reward if you take an active part. Not a lottery. No luck needed. Hurry get started quick by finding 4 dogs. Not a cent of your money needed to buy anything. Big cash rewards are being won every day. In addition to giving Buick I will pay $1,000 EXTRA for Promptness to First Prize winner. Not only one person, but hundreds will be rewarded. In case of ties, duplicate prizes will be given. All the money to pay prizes is in the Bankers Trust Co. at Des Moines. I invite you to look us up through any bank in Des Moines, any credit agency, business house, magazine, newspaper, railroad. $10,000 REWARD will be paid to any worthy char- ity if anyone can prove that we do not really give away all these thousands of dollars in cash prizes or that all this prize money is not on deposit in the bank. WRITE QUICK Send no money. Mark dogs Found, clip picture, mail quick or write on penny post-card how many dogs you find. For replying I will tell you how you may also win big EXTRA cash rewards and $2,500 too. Answer NOW! Tell me which you would prefer to win- $2,500 all cash or Buick and $1,000. Merrold Johnson, Mgr. Sept. 40, Des Moines, Iowa. Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 