6 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine feel queer and breathless; as though she had been running a long race and was just in sight of the goal. Impulsively, she spoke: "Why you don't have to wish for things. You have everything money, posi- tion." Her voice trailed away. The smile died out of Mr. van Erp's eyes. "I have nothing!" he exclaimed bitterly. "My wealth consists of forty dollars in cash. I got that by selling my entire ward- robe. The clothes I have on are all I have left. Material possessions, that is. Of course I possess a broken heart if that could be classed as an asset! And I'mustn't forget cranky old Uncle Laurence! He's despised me all my life. If he knew I was going in for carnival life, what a laugh he'd get!" Fran gripped the edge of the counter. "You mean you're broke, Mr. van Erp? Really broke? A rich, important man like you?" Derek looked ill at ease. "Sorry I flared out. I didn't mean to. But I've been pretending so long, that it was a relief to tell the truth for a change." Fran felt a queer, constricted sen- sation around her heart. "The wax- works figures you've been buying. you don't mean- Oh, Mr. van Erp! I thought of course you were joking! You couldn't intend to have a wax-works show at Coney! A a social-register fellow like you!" Her eyes were swimming with tears. Derek didn't notice. He was touching the tip of his well-polished shoe with the ferrule of his cane. "I could cadge from my friends, I suppose, or depend on invitations at house parties to see me through. Or go down on my knees to Uncle Lau- rence. But that sort of thing never appealed, somehow. No. This is better. The Van Erps bequeathed me just one legacy. A wax-works show! Those dusty, broken figures have been stacked for years in the Van Erp attic. Now, I'm going to make them support me!" "I never would have fixed those figures, if I'd thought you were in earnest!" cried Fran. "I imagined, of course, that you were going to have some sort of party, using the wax figures." Derek looked straight into her eyes. "Nice of you to be so wor- ried about me, little golden-haired girl! I love it. I eat it up! Espe- cially since another blonde sent me back my ring the minute she knew the market had wiped me out. Now, I want to ask a favor of you. I've just two things left in this world. The wax works and my pride! To- night, I'm dropping out of my old world. Disappearing. None of my friends are ever going to know that Derek van Erp is a wax-works pro- prietor! Silly of me, of course. But I'd go to any lengths to keep any- body from knowing. So will you keep my secret for me, golden girl?" Confusedly, Fran murmured: "Of course I'll never tell, Mr. van Erp. Cross my heart! But you don't know anything about Coney Island! Why, I'll bet you ve never even been out there!" Don't bet, or you'll lose! I've haunted the place for weeks. Three days ago I bought my location and moved the figures out. Last night I opened." He frowned. "Not much business yet." Fran thought back. "You bought an Abraham Lincoln and a Napo- leon, didn't you? From us, I mean?" He nodded. "And you fixed Marie Antoinette's face and Mc- Kinley's leg and Julius Cassar's neck. They look as good as new." Fran looked away. "Mr. Krause charged you top price. Because he 