Extra Sheer 13 She lay in bed, too lazily content to move. Presently, the unfamiliarity of her surroundings shocked her into complete wakefulness. She was in a tiny room, Spartan- like in its severity. She lay on a hard cot, scrupulously clean. Near her was a kitchen chair. A mirror was tacked to the wall. Beneath, was a shelf with a basin containing water. Fran sat up with a jerk, clasping her knees with her interlaced fingers. What under heaven had happened to her own room? Some one knocked at the door. A masculine voice called, "Fran! Do hurry and dress. I'm afraid to stay alone any longer with these horrors. They make my blood run cold!" Then Fran remembered. She laughed aloud. "Coming!" she cried. It had been a task, transforming Derek's stiff galaxy of figures into a chamber of horrors. She and Derek had worked till three o'clock in the morning. Time raced by. Fran hurried into her clothes, washing in the small tin basin. Combing the tangles out of her hair with her pocket comb. Derek had wanted to taxi her home at three in the morning! She wouldn't hear of that, and Derek wouldn't let her go home alone. There was a deadlock. Finally, Derek suggested diffidently that she could stay in the back room of the museum while he bunked with the Living Skeleton in the Freak Museum next door. Gladly, Fran consented. So weary was she, that she fairly fell into bed. But she couldn't sleep for a while. She kept thinking about two men. Bill and Derek. Derek and Bill. When she finally slept, she dreamed of the two. "Good morning!" she said shyly, coming into the museum. Some- how she hadn't remembered how tall and good-looking Derek was. He bent and took both her hands in his. "I never can'thank, you enough for taking my dead wax works and turning the place into a shambles!" His mouth laughed, but his eyes were very earnest. Fran blushed. "But of course I can't let you quit your job and come out to work for me. That would be an imposition on my part. Besides, there's that boy friend of yours. Fran said quickly: "Things do look grand, don't they?" She walked around, examining the different exhibits. President Mc- Kinley was now a bartender in a sa- loon scene. They had put an apron around his middle, clad him in a workingman's shirt, and smudged his face with charcoal. Caesar, dressed in modern attire, was a gun- man, with a revolver in his hand, menacing Florence Nightingale, now an entertainer in the place. Next to this was a Chinese scene. The mandarin pointed a long fin- ger nail at an unfortunate coolie whose head was on the block. Over him bent a bloodthirsty figure with a hatchet in his upraised hand. They had turned the executioner's face away, lest his resemblance to one George Washington be too marked! In Derek's room lay the powdered wig and the blue satin suit previ- ously worn by the figure. Marie Antoinette was walking through streets running with blood. Daniel was having a gory time in the lions' den. That was as far as Fran got, in her examination of the museum. Derek stepped in front of her. He tilted her chin with his forefinger and looked deep into her eyes. "I want to tell you something," he said. "you're the grandest girl I've ever 