Bay Of Awakening 107 "You win," she said dully. "Only, we'd better get both doctors to check over the other prescriptions that went out this morning. If Mr. Trenton did get the wrong bottle, some one has his." Heather reached Doctor Addison at Carlson's, and he called back an hour later to say that his prescrip- tions corresponded with their labels. She telephoned Grant at Trenton's, and he said that he would check his. It was nearly five o'clock when he came into the drug store. "How is Mr. Trenton?" she asked, trying to avoid his compelling gaze. "Oh, fair, considering. Where's Dick?" he asked lightly. Heather indicated the back room with a nod of her head. "Drunk," she replied tonelessly. "I'm glad you came in, instead of phoning," she said eagerly. "I want to talk to you." "That makes it mutual," Grant grinned happily. "Heather, I'm go- ing to kiss that dimple in the corner of your mouth!" She drew back quickly. "About Mr. Trenton's medicine. It's best that people should think that I made the mistake that I mixed the labels on the bottles. you're not to tell them that I was with you, instead of Dick, at the time. Nancy-" "There wasn't any mix-up in labels," he interrupted briskly. "And Dick filled the prescription correctly. It was Nancy who caused her father's heart attack. She was married over in Linwood, to-day. Mrs. Trenton was a little afraid to tell me, under the circumstances. Nancy had telephoned her just be- fore I got to the house. Some fellow from Kansas whom she had met while she was away at school. Mr. Trenton's wild with rage. That's what I meant when I said his con- dition was fair, considering." "Oh," Heather breathed faintly. "Married!" Grant stepped closer and im- prisoned her hands. "And now, darling," he cried with a happy smile, "I'm going to kiss that dimple." "Not here where everybody can see you," she begged in sudden panic. "Why not? Broadville and the rest of the world might as well know that I'm crazy about you, and that we re going to be married." "Well," Heather said demurely, "I do think you might have told me first." He flashed a teasing, irresistible smile, and drew her into his strong arms. "I love you, Heather," he whispered tenderly. "Let me take care of you, always." "Always," she answered, clinging to him. He kissed her eyes with their little shadows of fatigue, the soft hollow of her throat, her warm, sweet lips. When he released her at last, she looked up at him bravely, and smiled into the eyes of the man who promised her unselfish love, and divine happiness. 