Going Primitive 37 Still his face was serious, worried. Couldn't he see that there was noth- ing to worry about? "But what about Martin? He came through it better than you did, and he'll be after you." "I found out about Martin," Dell shrugged. "That -that awfulness did something for me. When you're as close to death as that, and fight- ing to keep breath in your body, you get back to primitive values. Money doesn't matter. Nothing matters but courage and strength. Martin was a coward and pretty weak. You saved our lives. You you were wonderful, Tommy. "Then you don't love him?" She shook her head slowly. Then paused and waited. But still he said nothing, only watched her with a worried frown. "Oh, Tommy, can't you see? Love is one of the primitive things that matters. Love matters above money, or anything else. If you have love, you're happy. If you don't, you're miserable. I found out that I loved you. That I've loved you for ages and have been fighting against it, and against you because you wanted to take away my free- dom. Now I'm not going to fight any longer, Tommy. I don't want to be free. I want to be yours. I'll be happy wherever you are. Come down here, Tommy, where I can kiss you and muss up your hair and know that you're real." Tommy was silent for a moment, then bending down he took her in his arms and crushed her close to him. "Oh, darling, I've been so 'fraid I was going to lose you. 'Fraid that you wouldn't love me." Suddenly he stopped talking and his lips found hers in a kiss that seemed to touch their very souls and make them one in that moment of ecstasy. NOTE TO LOVERS HOLD no shame that her lips, her laughing eyes, Her tiny feet and gaily colored dress Calls from your eager heart its deepest sighs, And melts your greatest frown to gentleness. Hold no shame her lightest spoken word Echoes within your heart a grave command, Nor that her tender murmurs, half unheard, Come like a sweet rain to a parching land. Love needs no alibi, no masquerade, No hidden trysts, no secret sacrament; Love is too powerful to walk afraid Of all oppression seeking its descent. Hold Love's hand beneath the brightest sun And laugh with her-nor hide from any one! Bert Cooksley. 