Little And Lovely 129 speaking Linden had rushed from the room to the operator out in the hall. "Find out where Miss Ambler's call is coming from, please!" he or- dered crisply. The girl plugged in, investigated, and then turned to the waiting man. "The party's hung up and there's no way of tracing him," she said politely. Thursby Linden managed to thank her just as politely and then hurried back to Sophia to find her standing, white and frightened, the telephone still in her hand. Linden took it from her and re- placed it. "That was close," he said. "I ex- pected it, but it came even a little sooner than I thought. Some one followed your girl friend here and listened to your conversation. Do you think we'd better warn her?" Sophia grinned cynically. "She's safe. A forty mule team couldn't pull the facts from her. She's going to let things go just as they will." "Then the less we say to her the better. She might even turn in with the other side." "I suppose things like that do happen, though Rhoda's supposed to be good!" With a trace of sar- casm in the tone. Her courage was returning to her, flooding back and washing before it all the fear that had rioted her. There was something to fight and she was ready for it! Suddenly she seemed to gird her- self for battle. She even stood and pulled the smart black sash a bit around her. Linden grinned. "You have the air of getting ready for battle!" he said. "That's just what I'm doing! I suppose this is what that note meant. I'm the dame that was to keep her trap shut?" "Yes, little and lovely. They dared refer to your exquisite mouth in that way!" he exclaimed, in ten- der humor. "I'll make them pay!" In humor, but there was something grim about it. "I'm going to be one of those girls that makes them pay and pay and pay if you know what I mean!" There was frank admiration in Linden's eyes. "You're made of swell stuff, Sophia," he said, his voice echoing the admiration of his eyes. "And you're made of grand stuff!" She was standing, hands behind her, looking up at him. And then with a gay little laugh: "Aren't we the bouquet slingers though!" "But with me, Sophia, I'm afraid it wasn't a bouquet." There was a rather tensely quiet note in his voice. "You're not insinuating that my flowers were any less real than yours?" "No, only that I don't deserve them so much. A brave woman is something, Sophia. A brave one who is at the same time generous and feminine and lovely." "Should I take a bow?" she asked, laughing with sweet lightness. "I think you should!" And then for a moment they stood looking at each other again with that peculiar, warm, tense electric current passing between them. Sophia felt as if his arms were reach- ing out for her; she had the sensa- tion of being held in them and yet they were standing apart, his arms down at his sides. "But, after all, the joking's over" -her voice was quite serious- "threats or no threats, I'm not go- ing to let Arnold Cranston pay the LS-9E 