Going Primitive 25 "And what's that?" Dell smiled. "My eyes tell me you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, the most fascinating I've ever met. And my heart tells me that I'm be- ginning, for the first time in my life, to believe in love at first sight." That so astonished Dell, she could think of nothing to say in reply. After a moment he went on. "You know, Dell, he said, I wish you knew me better. I wish you knew me well enough to realize what that means coming from this confirmed old bachelor. You've done something to me, all right. And to think that when I first saw you I thought you were just another pretty girl. I didn't realize that you were dangerous." Dell listened incredulously, skepti- cally, yet there was a ring of sin- cerity in his voice which forced her to believe him. Then, almost as if he could read her mind, he laughed softly. "I've got to stop talking like this," he told her. "You'll think I'm either crazy or have the world's best line. Even if it is the truth, I know how it must sound. I swear it's the first time it's ever happened to me. I'm just as astonished as you are." Abruptly he changed the subject without waiting for her to speak. He drew Dell out about herself, and he talked about himself. He was a fascinating talker, and Dell listened enthralled. After a long time, he mentioned again his having fallen in love with her. He laughed about it wryly. And by that time it seemed to Dell as if she had known him for years. "I guess the joke's on me," he said. "Always before this, I've gone out with girls, made love to them, and then gone on to others. But there isn't going to be any love- making for me to-night. I want to kiss you more than I've ever wanted to kiss any one before. And I won't do it because I won't dare risk it. I value your good opinion too darned much." That bit of frankness touched Dell. The spell of the night was on her, and she suddenly realized that she wanted him to kiss her. That if he kissed her, this half love which she felt for him might turn into a blinding passion which would match his. "You wouldn't lose my good opinion if you tried to kiss me," she told him softly. "If you loved me and didn't try to kiss me, I'd think it was funny." It didn't sound blatant, the way she said it. Martin looked at her, joyfully incredulous for a second. Then he took her in his arms and kissed her as she had never been kissed before. It was the first of many kisses. At first Dell had not intended that there should be more than one. But her refusals seemed to hurt him, and at last she made no pretense of refusing. She lay in- ert in his arms, trembling with the passion of his kisses, crying a little. They did not get home until almost morning. To her surprise, Dell experienced a sense of shame the next morning when she awoke. It was in vain that she told herself that kisses meant nothing, and that she loved Martin. She knew in her heart that she should not have let him kiss her, and that she did not love him. Not yet, anyhow. She wanted him, she admitted. She wanted to marry him. He was a matrimonial prize such as few girls ever capture. Maybe love would come later. She was not, like him, able to fall in love at first sight. She had to be at the inn early. The Freeport Inn catered only to 