10 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine And you'll admit I had plenty of provocation! Come on. Give us a kiss. Then we'll go out and eat. I've found a swell place where they only charge forty cents for a whole dinner!" Fran shut her eyes and let him kiss her. "That's more like my girl!" said Bill when he let her go. "Come on. Let's go. I'm starved." Fran exhibited the tear in her stocking. "I can't go like this. I got this rip in my stocking, going downstairs for that figure for Mr. van Erp. That's why he gave me this pair. Go out and get me some stockings, Bill, so I can change." Bill looked uncomfortable. O"h, come along. Nobody'll notice if you've got a run! We're not going anywhere except to eat, anyway." Stubbornly, Fran shook her head. "I won't go out in the street looking like this! Either you get me a new pair of stockings, or else-" "Oh, put those on, if you're going to be so fussy!" Bill exclaimed test- ily. "But for the love of Pete, let's get going!" So, after all, Fran wore Marie Antoinette's stockings. When she came out of the little back room, where she had donned the stockings, her cheeks were flying danger signals of red. But Bill didn't notice. "The restaurant's just around the next corner," he said. "Funny we never noticed it before." "I don't think it's queer," Fran retorted when they got there. "I won't go in! I hate stuffy, smoky, dirty places like that, and you know it!" "All right. Buy your own dinner then. If you're too ritzy to come in here with me!" Deliberately he went into the res- taurant, leaving Fran on the pave- ment outside. Fran bit her lip. Tears stung her eyes. Bill and she were always having quarrels like this. Sordid affairs that made her feel cheap and ashamed. Slowly she walked along the street. There was a tea shop at the corner. A quiet place with black-painted tables and orange can- dles that gave a romantic atmos- phere. Fran went in and sat at a table near the door. She stared at the menu with eyes that did not see. The waitress did not come for some time. While Fran waited, the door opened noisily. Bill came in. He slammed the door behind him and stamped over to Fran's table. He sat down opposite her. "You're a nice one! Walking out on me, like this!" he growled. Fran drew a deep breath. "Bill, I can't stand this sort of thing any longer," she gasped. "We've been engaged for six months and we fight all the time! There isn't a day that we don't quarrel about something. Bill, it's cheap and common to fight the way we do. What's the matter with us?" Bill said: "Honey, I love you so!" Usually when he said that, Fran thrilled, way down to her toes. This time, she shook her head. "You've shut me up, often enough, saying things like that. This time, love-making won't do. We've got to talk matters over." Just then, the waitress came. Without consulting Fran, Bill gave the order. That was his usual cus- tom. Fran paid no heed. "You never set the day for our wedding!" she persisted. "I'm en- gaged to you. All the crowd we go with, know that. So I'm poison to all the men! You've put your brand on me, Bill. Yet you never talk about our getting married!" 