144 AMAZING STORIES lightful. Women to those scientists were merely a biological fact. Except in rare cases, there was no companionship. With us it was different, for men- tally we were nearly equal, and that seemed to revive in her an instinct long dead on that planet-- the instinct that I now dare to say was love. Not biology, but love. So we were daily together for a long time. Each moment of our conversation was wonderful to us both, for it revealed to each of us the exotic life of a planet unknown to us. I remember very little of what she told me about that planet--it seems that I can remember nothing but Vinda herself, her low voice with its delicious accent, her eyes, her hair-- everything that a lover always remembers. But I had not forgotten my longing for the earth. At first I was able to lose myself in the wonderful things she told me of her planet. But later, when I talked of my own world, I became homesick and hopeless. She seemed to grow more thoughtful as I spoke, but at the time I did not think it was more than an endeavour to form mental pictures of the things I related. One day, however, when we had talked for a long time of the earth, a silence fol- lowed which lasted for many minutes. At last she said: "If you were able, you would return to your earth?" I raised my arms despairingly. "God, yes!" I cried, "but the desire is all I have. No man can conquer time." She was very thought- ful for a moment. "It has been done," she replied after a while. "But Vinda, one cannot re-capture what is gone and past!" "No," she agreed, "but one can do almost that. I do not know--but my uncle has a secret--" "A secret! What, Vinda! Tell me what!" "I must tell you first of a theory. . . ." She pondered while I waited breathlessly, even forget- ting her beauty as I watched her face for some sign of the thing she was about to tell me. "You have spoken," she said, "of a man called Einstein on your earth, and of other men who be- lieve that time is a fourth dimension and that it is curved. Some of them, you say, believe that space is so curved that, if one goes sufficiently far, he will return to the point from which he started. Years ago we made discoveries on this planet about the curvature of time. And our evidence has taught us that time goes in circles, in cycles. They say that, if one were to live forever, he, would find eventually the whole of history repeating itself." "You mean--?" "That a time comes when your world or this world, after having lived and died, will live again and again die." "With the same history, the same civilizations?" "Yes. For they teach us that there is a destiny in the life of all things, that the growth of the universe follows definite courses in which every fact, every incident, is inseparably woven into a texture which embraces the whole, and that every action of man or nature (and man is part of nature) is inevitable because it grows out of natural forces. The secret of all this we women have never learned: it is the study of the scientists. But the whole his- tory of the universe is rigidly fore-ordained, and so, when time returns to its starting point, the course of history remains the same. That is the best I can do for an explanation." "Vinda! You mean that some day there will be an earth like mine again?" "Yes, Kirby." She always called me Kirby. "And the same people! Martyn, and the rest?" "That is what they say." I leaped up, and began to walk wildly about. To return! To see Martyn again, and the rest! And then a thought came to me. I grinned bitterly. "But that will be millions of years away," I said, "and I shall be dead." She looked at me for a long while, and then she answered: "No, Kirby. You passed millions of years in a few instants during your great journey. Do you not see that you can grow large again and that the millions of years will flash by as swiftly?" "By Jove--yes!" I shouted. "But you would be leaving us very soon?" she said. "If that is true!" I cried. "Why, I would leave tomorrow!" She turned away, and in a moment answered, "Not to-morrow, perhaps, but in a few weeks." And, suddenly, she went away. I did not sleep that night with the wonder of this truly unbelievable thing. All night, all the next morning, I paced excitedly about my room, waiting for her return. When she did arrive, I begged her for more details. "What can I tell you," she said, "who know so little myself? I have spoken with my uncle. He could not tell me much that I understood. There is some great secret underlying it, some great ex- planation, which is always just a few steps beyond my grasp. I seem to see for an instant what it is--then suddenly it is gone. He said, for instance, that over and above the cycles of time, is a great general progression which makes the civilizations of the universe always just a little further advanced in each successive cycle before they decline again. He described that as a sort of fifth dimension in time, comparable he said, to the path of the sun which carries the planets always just a little farther in space, although each year they return to their starting point in reference to the sun. It is im- mensely confusing." "In other words, if I returned to the earth, I should find it a little further advanced than when I left it?" "Somewhat like that. Except that, if you re- turned to your year 1937, you would find your- self in an era comparable to the year 1967, let us say, on the earth of the cycle you had left. In order to find your friend, Martyn, it would be neces- sary to go back to an earlier year which we cannot know, which you would, therefore, have to estimate yourself." "But," I said, "there are things it is difficult to understand. Is it true, for instance, that there will be another incarnation of my body which will leave the earth at the same time I am returning?" "It would seem so. And that incarnation would return in the cycle following your return." "How complicated it all is!" "That is only because we are not able to under- stand it as the scientists do. They speak, for in- stance, of the dimension of size. It seems that there is a direction, which we cannot quite grasp men- 