[PAL]METTO'S [SP]ANISH MOSS [LIV]E OAKS &amp; [OT]HER [TRO]PICAL [FO]LIAGE IT'S MAGNOLIA TIME AT VILLA TASSO! If you have never been to Northwest Florida in springtime, you will not know what that means. Lovely, languorous days; sleep inducing nights; wonderful bathing; suc- cessful fishing; boating, riding, tramping,--en- joying life to the full. The air is laden with deli- cate odors of dogwood, yellow jasmine, giant blue- berry, magnolia and a dozen other blossoms. Spring has been with us nearly two months now, and Nature is at its best. Then there's the summer to look forward to--delight- fully warm, yet not hot or sultry; blankets every night; rarely a troublesome insect; real summer! Thousands come to this coast every year for their summer vacations. VILLA TASSO, FLORIDA Villa Tasso is in the Florida National Forest on the bluffs of beautiful Chocta- whatchee Bay, 50 miles east of Pensacola. It is easily reached either by steamer or by motor, being adjacent to the Appalachian Scenic Highway, Old Spanish Trail and the Cult Resorts Loop. It is high, dry and healthful. The water is sweet, pure and soft. Only 3½ miles from the Gulf of Mexico, it is still well sheltered from any possible storms. Delightful bathing beach. Game abounds in the Forest. Because it is only slightly developed as yet, you can still buy in this lovely spot a wonderful homesite for from $300 to $2000 -one-tenth of what less desirable lots would cost you elsewhere. The lots are large (standard size 50 x 150 feet), title guaran- teed perfect, the location ideal. Plenty of shade from pine, oak, magnolia, holly, sweet gum, bay, and other attractive trees; camphor and palms grow well, when planted. As a home or an investment you will find this hard to duplicate. Write for il- lustrated booklet and prices. SPECIAL OFFER: To secure as much development as possible this spring, a special rebate of 20% is offered to every purchaser who begins his home before June 1st, 1926. Details on request. T.V.ORR VILLA TASSO (Temporary P. O. Bolton) FLORIDA Scene on the bluffs ot Villa Tasso. Note the man below for height 