OFF ON A COMET 183 erected it; and, moreover, if it is moving, there must be somebody working it now." He was keenly disappointed. Looking towards the north, he could distinguish Gibraltar faintly visible in the extreme distance, and upon the sum- mit of the rock both Ben Zoof and he fancied they could make out another semaphore, giving signals, no doubt, in response to the one here. "Yes, it is only too clear; they have already occu- pied it, and established their communications," said Servadac. "And what are we to do, then?" asked Ben Zoof. "We must pocket our chagrin, and put as good a face on the matter as we can," replied the captain. "But perhaps there are only four or five English- men to protect the place," said Ben Zoof, as if meditating an assault. "No, no, Ben Zoof," answered Servadac; "we must do nothing rash. We have had our warning, and unless our representations can induce them to yield their position, we must resign our hope." Thus discomfited, they had reached the foot of the rock, when all at once, like a "Jack-in-the-box," a sentinel started up before them with the chal- lenge: "Who goes there?" "Friends. Vive la France!" cried the captain. "Hurrah for England!" replied the soldier. By this time four other men had made their ap- pearance from the upper part of the rock. "What do you want?" asked one of them, whom Servadac remembered to have seen before at Gi- braltar. "Can I speak to your commanding officer?" Ser- vadac inquired. "Which?" said the man. "The officer in command of Ceuta?" "Yes, if there is one." "I will acquaint him with your arrival," answered the Englishman, and disappeared. In a few minutes the commanding officer, attired in full uniform, was seen descending to the shore. It was Major Oliphant himself. Servadac could no longer entertain a doubt that the Englishmen had forestalled him in the occupa- tion of Ceuta. Provisions and fuel had evidently been conveyed thither in the boat from Gibraltar before the sea had frozen, and a solid casemate, hollowed in the rock, had afforded Major Oliphant and his contingent ample protection from the rigor of the winter. The ascending smoke that rose above the rock was sufficient evidence that good fires were still kept up; the soldier appeared to have thriven well on what, no doubt, had been a generous diet, and the major himself, although he would scarcely have been willing to allow it, was slightly stouter than before. Being only about twelve miles distant from Gibraltar, the little garrison at Ceuta had felt itself by no means isolated in its position; but by fre- quent excursions across the frozen strait, and by the constant use of the telegraph, had kept up their communication with their fellow-countrymen on the other island. Colonel Murphy and the major had not even been forced to forego the pleasures of the chessboard. The game that had been interrupted by Captain Servadac's former visit was not yet con- cluded; but, like the two American clubs that played their celebrated game in 1846 between Washington and Baltimore, the two gallant officers made use of the semaphore to communicate their well-digested moves. The major stood waiting for his visitor to speak. "Major Oliphant, I believe?" said Servadac, with a courteous bow. "Yes, sir, Major Oliphant, officer in command of the garrison at Ceuta," was the Englishman's reply. "And to whom," he added, "may I have the honor of speaking?" "To Captain Servadac, the governor general of Gallia." "Indeed!" said the major, with a supercilious look. "Allow me to express my surprise," resumed the captain, "at seeing you installed as commanding of- ficer upon what I have always understood to be Spanish soil. May I demand your claim to your position?" "My claim is that of first occupant." "But do you not think that the party of Spaniards now resident with me may at some future time as- sert a prior right to the proprietorship?" "I think not, Captain Servadac." "But why not?" persisted the captain. "Because these very Spaniards have, by formal contract, made over Ceuta, in its integrity, to the British government." Servadac uttered an exclamation of surprise. "And as the price of that important cession," continued Major Oliphant, "they have received a fair equivalent in British gold." "Ah!" cried Ben Zoof, "that accounts for that fellow Negrete and his people having such a lot of money." Servadac was silent. It had become clear to his mind what had been the object of that secret visit to Ceuta which he had heard of as being made by the two English officers. The arguments that he had intended to use had completely fallen through; all that he had now to do was carefully to prevent any suspicion of his disappointed project. "May I be allowed to ask, Captain Servadac, to what I am indebted for the honor of this visit?" asked Major Oliphant presently. "I have come, Major Oliphant, in the hope of do- ing you and your companions a service," replied Servadac, rousing himself from his reverie. "Ah, indeed!" replied the major, as though he felt himself quite independent of all services from exterior sources. "I thought major, that it was not unlikely you were in ignorance of the fact that both Ceuta and Gibraltar have been traversing the solar regions on the surface of a comet." The major smiled incredulously; but Servadac, nothing daunted, went on to detail the results of the collision between the comet and the earth, adding that, as there was the almost immediate prospect of another concussion, it had occurred to him that it might be advisable for the whole population of Gallia to unite in taking precautionary measures for the common welfare. "In fact, Major Oliphant," he said in conclusion, "I am here to inquire whether you and your friends would be disposed to join us in our present quar- ters." "I am obliged to you, Captain Servadac," answered the major stiffly, "but we have not the 