316 WEIRD TALES "It's just the spot I wanted, Ron," he was saying eagerly. "We'll set up the tower on the ridge. The atomic beam it- self will reach to all these mountains. And the Basin, when it is warmed, will serve as a sort of furnace to moderate all the continent, with wind-convection, and warm rivers flowing down through the passes." The breathless wonder of his dream caught me for a moment. I saw lush ver- dure replace the white desolation of ice, saw green forests blanket the black flanks of those mountains that had known no life for ten million years. I saw busy cities, even, rich plantations spread be- neath the summer-long day, mines, rail- roads, factories. "Once this land was warm," Bell's quick voice had run on. "Coal forests, in the Permo-Carboniferous--" That brought back my haunting dream: the fantastic beauty of Maru-Mora, and all the alien horror of the Sleepers. Jerry Harding's voice reached me faintly from the plane, and I recalled the grim pre- monition that had struck me as we crossed the Barrier. I shuddered, and tried to forget. "Our first problem is to build living- quarters," I told Bell. "If we don't-- well, this is mild summer, compared to what is coming." And we set to work at once, to estab- lish a winter camp. For the plane we cut a sort of hangar in the ice, covered it with protecting blocks of snow. Our liv- ing-quarters also were hewn in the gla- cier, walled with the packing-cases that held our supplies, roofed with snow packed on tar-paper. That occupied the most of our time until late in March--until the sun, wheel- ing ever lower and redder and huger and colder, peered for the last time through a pass in the Mountains of Uranus, and did not return. None of the others had had any pre- vious polar experience. All but Harding were willing to follow my leadership in building the camp. But he made himself difficult, to put it mildly. He wanted Bell to begin erecting his atomic battery at once. But Bell said that three months or half a year might pass before the installation could be completed. And during that time, I knew, without good living-quarters we must perish. Bell and Jerry did their best to convince Hard- ing of this necessity, but he remained sul- len and unwilling. Harding's disturbing change of man- ner seemed always more extreme. There was no visible physical difference in him --unless, as I sometimes thought, his pale blue eyes had turned a little darker. But something had totally changed his nature. Had I been superstitious enough to cred- it such a thing, I should have thought him literally possessed. For many years he had been a close friend of mine. The long ruddy face be- neath his untidy mass of yellowish hair was still unmistakably familiar. Yet sometimes, as I caught the new ruthless hardness in his eyes, I thought I looked upon a stranger. He became increasingly dictatorial, quarrelsome, even vicious. He was sav- agely rude, even cruel, to young Tommy Veering. He cursed him, made rough jokes at his expense, ridiculed his youth and timidity. Twice I saw him knock Veering down, when they were at work together, with no excuse at all. And the thin young engineer, through some quirk of dog-like meekness, accept- ed all Harding's offensiveness without any show of resentment. Indeed, so far as I could tell, he liked the big man all the better for this abuse. He kept Harding's company, and came to side with him in any argument. What most distressed me about Hard-