The Teakwood Box By JOHNS HARRINGTON San Pedro Joe found the secret that was contained in that intricately carved Oriental box "BETTER pay the cash," snarled sallow San Pedro Joe into the telephone mouthpiece. The speaker jerked his head to one side and glanced from the cramped phone booth into the almost-deserted drug store, check- ing to see whether his conversation had been heard. It was late afternoon--a sul- try and stuffy summer day. "That teakwood box don't mean much to me," Joe continued in a hoarse tone. "And if you want it pretty bad, I'll sell it--otherwise the thing gets chucked out, see?" Mrs. Floyd Wright's tiny, ill-painted cottage in a smelly Los Angeles suburb had been ransacked a few days previous- ly, leaving bedding overturned, furniture stuffings tumbling everywhere. The teakwood box, to the fidgety old woman, far overshadowed in importance the amount of cash and the few pieces of sil- ver which had also been stolen. Oddly carved and strangely arresting, the prize had been a gift to Mrs. Wright from her husband, recently killed in a factory ex- plosion where he had been night watch- man. He had purchased the box during a vagabond trip to China in his boyhood days. The teakwood container had never been opened by either Mrs. Wright or her husband. "Betty," he used to say while dozing in the parlor and studying the box, "that thing is jinxed, just like I was told. It's dangerous, leave it alone. There is a dreadful native curse on it. "I got the box from a streetpeddler in Shanghai, who told me he bought it from a priest; he said there was a dire curse to anyone who opened the box, but that it would bring power and good luck to the owner as long as he did not try to do so. I always have said that the box was most likely stolen from a temple by the ped- dler, or by some other member of the street-scum parade," Wright would con- clude. It would have been difficult to open the box, even if someone did want to pry into it, because its lid was apparently op- erated by a complex series of springs and pivoting levers. The singularity of the object, its weirdness and strange delicacy, gave it a curious value. When it had been made and by whom--what exotic sights the container had witnessed--were un- answered queries which added to the liv- ing personality of the teakwood box. An evil power, dull and half asleep, yet again glowing, awakening, seemed in- closed within the meticulously decorated teakwood. Though the Wrights had been almost afraid of the box from the start, they had nevertheless believed that the spirit which might lie within it would not hurt them if they did not molest it, for they had lived good lives. Some day, the spirit would awaken and strike, but it would not be at a time when they were about. Death, red, grinning, and yellow-fanged, was a part of the ex- otic treasure; it was not the death of God- fearing men and women, but the bloody, merciless deity of those who belonged in the realm of evil. The little wooden