318 WEIRD TALES slowly deepened. Life in the Antarctic is a grim enough business at best, and Hard- ing's increasingly evil nature made it, at times, almost insupportable. But, aside from all that, there had been something else--something that Bell, and perhaps even Jerry, must have sensed more keenly than I. When I say that the camp was haunted, it sounds like superstitious nonsense. Yet, almost from the day of our arrival, I had a curious, uneasy feeling that it was --that some strange intangible Presence hung about us, alertly watching every move we made, listening to every word we said. Bell and Jerry, I think, were more con- scious of it than I. For I often saw them silent, with cocked heads and strained intent faces, listening. "It's nothing, Ron," Jerry said once, when I asked her what she listened for. Her tired face tried to smile. "I'm just nervous, I guess, worried about poor Aston. He has changed so, grown so much worse--have you noticed?" And Bell, as we worked together about his tower, often paused to peer away across the ice. He laughed when I spoke about it, but his white face remained very grave. "Just a feeling," he said, "that Some- thing is watching us--trying to speak to us, perhaps." His thin frame abruptly shivered. "I've a queer feeling, Ron," he confessed, "that we shouldn't thaw the ice. I'm somehow afraid." His dark tor- tured eyes stared away again; his voice sank low. "Yes, afraid--of what we might uncover." The warning of that singular dream came to me again. I felt an impulse to tell Bell about it, but checked my tongue. He was troubled enough already; I didn't want to increase his anxiety. For still I believed it a dream. I dared not regard it as anything else. Sometimes I found myself staring northward, toward the Mountains of Uranus, wondering if the Seeker's purple pylon might indeed stand on some summit there. But I could never see it. MARCH had gone, and most of April, when the thing happened that crys- tallized all my vague apprehensions and shattered the routine of our life at camp --that started the dread avalanche that did not end until all the world had been overwhelmed in horror. The whole camp was asleep, after a long shift spent bolting together the sec- tions of Bell's tower. I started suddenly awake, alarmed, yet not knowing what had roused me. For an instant I lay still, listening. The wind, which had blown steadily for many days, had died. At first I could hear only a soft, weird rustling--the whisper of the aurora. But suddenly, mingled with that eery sussuration, I caught another sound--a sound terribly familiar, and yet incred- ible: a thin far wailing, infinitely sweet and infinitely sad. It held all the heart- broken loneliness of the world, caught in slow eery minors, so faint they mocked the ears. It was the piping of the Seeker of my dream. The voice of Maru-Mora! Or had I merely dreamed again? For it had ceased. Breathless and trembling, uncertain that I had heard anything at all, I donned furs and hastened up out of our ice-bur- row, into the polar night. The unutter- able, appalling splendor of it caught me, held me for a moment motionless. Complete calm had fallen. The air, curiously brilliant with frost, was abso- lutely still. The clear sky was purple- black, the southern constellations pale be- yond the most brilliant auroral display I ever witnessed. Pure silver, crystal green