WEIRD TALES 377 patch. The Yellow Girl stepped a tiny pace forward, to prolong her stay yet another few moments. All but the moon- lit strip of the rug from Samarcand glowed bloodily in the flare of the brazen mosque lamp. "No, forgetful lover," chided the Yel- low Girl, "I can not return. I can not cross the Border again. In Samarcand, eight hundred years ago we mocked for a while the doom that hung over us, and in the end called the bowstring but a caress of farewell. Again, in the garden of Zarab-shan we met, we parted, and you forgot: so this time I take no chances. While I can not return, you at least can follow me ... if you will . . . for it is very easy. . . ." She edged along the ever narrowing strip of moon-bathed silk, and with an embracing gesture, lured Clarke to rise and follow her. "It is so easy . . . move lightly . . . but be careful not to disturb your body or overbalance it. . . ." Had Diane not turned away from the door, were she not even now strolling insouciantly down Royal Street-- "Yellow Girl, you and I have had enough of farewells!" Something left Clarke, tottered peri- lously on the two handbreadths of moon- light that remained, then caught the Yellow Girl by the hand and took the lead. The blue web of the rug from Samar- cand gleamed for another moment in the moonlight, then sweltered in the red glow of the mosque lamp. Coming soon-- Goetterdaemmerung By Seabury Quinn A strange tale of the future, by the author of the de Grandin stories Lose Unhealthy FAT! Quickly---Safely USE SLENDARETTE SCIENCE'S newest discov- ery to banish excess fat is now available to all fat folks who want to lose ugly, unhealthy fat. Medi- cal studies have recently proven that excess weight is a heavy burden on the organs of the body. Insuranee sta- tistics prove the death rate of fat people far leads the death rate of normal weight people. LOSE FAT WITHOUT STARVATION DIET SLENDARETTE will take away fatty surplus harmlessly and quickly without demanding a star- vation diet or exhaustive exercises. Thousands are daily using SLENDAR- ETTE. PRESCRIBED FOR EM- INENT DOCTOR'S PATIENTS and manufactured by Reg- istered Pharmacists, which means that it is made under the most rigid in- spection and fine health conditions. REDUCE YOUR FIGURE OR MONEY REFUNDED SLENDARETTE in considered absolutely safe and harmless and yet is amazingly effective as testi- fied by thousands of users, many of whom grate- fully report reductions of 5 lbs. per week and even more, with great benefit to their health and general well-being. Send today for a Special large package of SLENDARETTE and follow the direc- tions. MONEY BACK GUARANTEE Certified Health Products Company, Box 32 507 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. Send me a Special large treatment of SLEN- DARETTE for which I enclose $1.00 and will pay postman $1.00 plus postage on delivery. I understand that MONEY WILL BE CHEER- FULLY REFUNDED if I am not satisfied with- in 30 days. Name Address A new thriller by SEABURY QUINN appears in WEIRD TALES every mouth