DREADFUL SLEEP 303 open before me. Bell made a hasty in- troduction: "Ron, this is Doctor Kroll. Captain Dunbar, meet Doctor Mawson Kroll, who is assisting my biological research." The hunchback had started also, and all hint of that yearning and hatred and gloating was instantly gone from the yel- low V of his face--though he couldn't erase its stifled, searing fury from my mind. The hand he gave me was unpleas- antly cold. "Doctor Bell has made a remarkable discovery." Kroll's voice was oily and yet grating, unpleasant as his breath. "One the world will not forget." The horror to come must have been already in his twisted mind--perhaps I had seen its birth. But only afterward did I see the sardonic second meaning in his words. The Pacific War was fought during my next polar expedition, ended before I knew of its beginning; for the censored radio carried no news. The American air forces, supported by the fleet, had already won a swift and brilliant victory, when Bell's "Culture V 13" fell mysteriously into the hands of the enemy. Nevertheless, by the last vengeful order of a defeated and mortally wounded commander, three surviving Asiatic planes sprayed the bacteriophage along the Pacific coast. From Seattle to San Diego, it took a million and a quarter lives, hideously. Hideously -- for every droplet that touched a human body started an incur- able sore, a bleeding crater of agony that spread implacably, swiftly destroying skin and flesh and bone, until not life alone but every vestige of the corpse was con- sumed. On that terrible morning, when a whole nation was stunned with horror and death, high military authorities called on Meriden Bell, at his laboratory. His skill could do nothing: the dead were dead, and Asiatic vengeance satisfied. Bell admitted that his bacteriophage must have caused the deaths, but could not ac- count for its possession by the enemy. He was arrested, tried by court-martial, convicted of treason--then suddenly ex- onerated, when the guilt was pinned upon Mawson Kroll. For Bell's assistant had taken flight, leaving a trunk filled with Asiatic gold. In the intercepted communications of the enemy were found letters in which Kroll demanded, as payment for his treason, to be made Emperor of America. The fugitive hunchback was arrested, two weeks later, on the Mexican border. Stupidly he denied his guilt, even his own identity. An alienist pronounced him criminally insane. Tried in a military court, he was convicted by the over- whelming weight of circumstantial evi- dence, shot by a firing-squad. Bell abandoned his experiments, de- stroyed his records and various cultures at the Foundation, by military command. His brilliant mind, it seemed for months, had been shattered by the disaster. He was forcibly restrained from suicide, com- mitted to an asylum. His tortured brain had assumed the guilt of a million murders. The psychia- trists, if they failed to unburden him alto- gether of Kroll's crime, at least convinced him that he might best make atonement by living. He had come back to the Foundation before my last expedition, to begin research in a newly opened field of sub-atomic physics. NOW, when Bell came to meet me in the winter gloom that filled the halls of the Aero Club, I saw that he had never escaped the shadow of that tragedy. He was frail and thin, his blue eyes dark with brooding. His white pinched face looked as if it never smiled. The eager-