310 WEIRD TALES The black monstrosity, indeed, held my gaze with a fascination of utter terror. It had been there, motionless, a long time. The great black scales were silvered with frost. Snow was banked beyond it. The ice had climbed up over the coils of its ophidian limbs. The boulder was cracked, I saw, shat- tered. Time had splintered the granite since those giant tentacles first grasped it. Only their frozen pressure held it from crumbling. How many centuries? Surely, after so long, I thought, it must be dead--and I knew that it was not. Nothing dead could inspire such resist- less fear. I sensed--or fancied--a slow, implacable beat, like a pulse of evil, measured, menacing, mind-shattering. I flinched suddenly, turned away, hid my eyes with a trembling hand. I fought a strange and elemental sickness, a new- born horror that gnawed worm-like at the marrow of my bones. It brought a flood of vast relief when: "Come," said Karalee. "We go to see the others." We left that stark eternal black sentinel overlooking the glaciers. We soared swiftly through the leaden mists, came down upon ridged and fissured ice. "The others," said the girl, "are all about their ship, beneath the ice." Driven by a fascinated compulsion to see all I could, even though the horror of it should consume me, I was striving in vain to peer down through the gray-white obscurity of the ice--when suddenly we were beneath it! Down through the darkness of the gla- cier we plunged, as swiftly as through the air above. The ice was all around us, like a blue-green liquid. And suddenly we were standing again on a long ridge of granite. We were far beneath the glacier, which was like a thick green-black mist above us. I could see little at first, but gradually my vision sharpened--or perhaps Maru-Mora in some manner shared her own strange senses with me--and I perceived the great valley beyond and below us. Dim in the green haze of the ice, I presently distinguished a cyclopean ma- chine. Resting on tremendous skids which lay far along the floor of the val- ley, it was all of darkly gleaming red- black metal. A colossal bulging hull, sur- rounded with a confusion of struts and braces, masts and booms and metal arms, mysterious rods and vanes, towered even above the ridge where we stood. It was like the bloated body of some monstrous spider, crouching with folded limbs, set to spring. Here and there about those crimson planes and arms, frozen motionless in the green mist of ice, I saw black and hid- eous beings like the Watcher: scaled bod- ies headless and bulging, supported on triple ophidian limbs. An alien horror touched me, as we stood on that black ridge beneath the ice. It was the stark menace of the Outside: the terror of worlds strange beyond con- ception, of powers and entities supernal, monstrous, utterly alien. That stark, won- dering, elemental dread--some dim in- stinctive inkling of it, I think, is at the basis of many primitive religions--is the most terrible emotion a human being can feel. DIMLY through the numbness of my dread, as if I dreamed within a dream, I heard the piping of Maru-Mora, and Karalee spoke: "That is the ship that came from-- Beyond. And They are the Tharshoon. They came to conquer Earth. That was in another age, before the ice came here. This was a fair world, then, and my peo- ple ruled it. Man was not born." I knew that this was Maru-Mora