282 WEIRD TALES at the ends of the room. Three doors, ir- regularly spaced along the right-hand wall, led into the second-floor corridor. A ponderous oaken table and chair stood close to the drapes at one end of the room; about sixty folding-chairs were ar- ranged in orderly rows facing these grim- ly utilitarian furnishings. Perhaps thirty persons, the great majority of whom were women, sat in small, self-conscious groups about the room, talking among them- selves in low tones. Occasionally someone laughed--nervous laughter that was quickly suppressed. Dmitri's evenings, Mary Roberts sus- pected, were not particularly pleasant affairs. . . . Mary knew these people. One or two were really ill, several were suffering from neuroses, a few were crackpot fad- dists, but the majority were merely out for a thrill. And all were wealthy. The man Dmitri, Mary decided as she looked about, must be, even if a charla- tan, certainly a personality. . . . She turned, with a wry smile, to her friend. "This gathering surely makes me feel like a poor little church-mouse," she ad- mitted ruefully. "Father was never a financial giant, you know, Helen." Helen Stacey-Forbes smiled reassur- ingly. "Money can't buy character and breed- ing, my dear. I see old Mortimer Dunlop up there in the second row; you are wel- come in homes he's never seen and never will see--except from the street. Damned old bucket-shop pirate! Have you heard the rumor that he's full of carcinoma? They're giving him from six to nine months to live. That must be why he's here; some- one's told him about Dmitri--" Mary gasped. "And people believe that Dmitri can cure carcinoma? Why, it's--Charles said only the other day that Dmitri was merely a half-cracked psychia- trist who's had rather spectacular luck with a few rich patients' imaginary ail- ments. But carcinoma--!" Gravely Helen Stacey-Forbes shook her head. "Dmitri's far greater than his enemies will admit. They call him a super-psychologist, a faith-healer, and they laugh at him and threaten him, but the fact remains that his methods suc- ceed. He achieves cures, impossible cures, miraculous cures. I know, because he's the only man who can stop Ronny's hemorrhages. At five thousand dollars a treatment." "Five thousand dollars!" Helen laughed, a dry, bitter little laugh. "Believe me, Dmitri is a monster, not a man. Mortimer Dunlop will have to pay dearly for his carcinoma cure!" The words sent an odd little shudder racing along Mary's spine. For, obvious- ly, Helen Stacey-Forbes believed, believed implicitly, that Dmitri could cure--cancer! Suddenly, then, the room was silent. The door at the upper end of the cham- ber had opened, a man had entered. IN the abrupt stillness the man, small, self-effacing, bearing in his hands a large lacquered tray, walked to the oaken table and arranged upon it several articles --a half-dollar, a pair of pliers, a penny box of matches, a small-caliber automatic pistol, a ten-ounce drinking-glass, a tin- kling pitcher of ice-water, and a battered gasoline blow-torch. A curious, incom- prehensible array. . . . The little man left the room. The babble of nervous voices began again, as suddenly stopped when the door re- opened and a monstrosity entered. The man was huge. At least six feet three inches tall, he was as tremendous horizontally as vertically. A mountain of flesh swathed in a silken lounging-robe, he slowly walked to the table, and settled, grunting, into the big oaken chair. In-