304 WEIRD TALES ness of his greeting, however, was almost pathetic. "Good old Ron," he whispered, and felt the muscle of my shoulder with his pale fingers as if we were schoolboys again. "You must thrive on cold--you're looking like a red-headed Hercules." "But I've had enough of winter for this season, Merry," I told him. "What I'm looking for is warmth and women and laughter." And I asked hopefully, "Harding wasn't possibly joking, about this project to thaw the ice cap?" "No, Ron." Bell's pale thin face was abruptly serious, almost grimly resolute. "We're going to do it, all right. The equipment will be ready in a week. And you are the only man with experience enough to take us where we want to go, at this season. We're going to the Staple- don Basin--" "The Stapledon Basin--right across the Pole!" That got me. "Surely, Merry, you haven't considered how difficult--or impossible--it would be to thaw a conti- nent of ice!" His dark eyes came gravely to my face, and in them was some commanding power, some deep reflection of his old supernal genius, that silenced my protests. "But I have considered, Ron," he said quietly. "And I have solved every prob- lem. I have developed an atomic battery that will supply ample power--it is still secret; what I tell you is confidential." "Atomic power?" He nodded. "It is a hydro-helium vacuum cell. We call it the Atom-Builder. It builds hy- drogen atoms into helium. Four hundred grams of hydrogen gives you three ninety- nine of helium, plus one of pure energy. A gram of energy is a great deal, Ron. A few tons of water will be all the fuel we need. We shall burn ice to thaw Antarctica!" I was speechless to that. Merry went on gravely: "Your plane will carry all the equip- ment we need. I have designed a heat- beam radiator, transformers, tower -- everything. Harding has formed a syn- dicate to put up the money. We are all meeting tonight--" "Listen, Merry," I started to object. "Harding is taking just a little too much for granted. So far as I'm concerned--" His white fingers caught my arm. "But, Ron, old man, you don't under- stand." His voice was hoarse, quivering. "This is the chance for me to make up for what I have done. One discovery of mine took a million lives. If another could open up a new continent, where millions could live, it would help settle the score." He gulped. His tortured eyes searched my face. "That's all I've been working for, Ron, since I--came back. You won't stop me --will you?" No resisting that. "All right. Merry," I told him. His thin hand wrung mine. "Thanks, old man!" He was almost sobbing. "We'll be ready to fly by the eighteenth. You can have the Austral Queen in shape? There will be five of us going, and no others." "But Jerry Harding!" I protested. "She isn't going--not into such hardship and danger. Some of my men might be persuaded to return--" "No others!" An old bitterness was hard in Bell's voice. "This thing is secret --there won't be another Mawson Kroll!" His dark eyes stared at me, so terrible that I looked away. "And Jerry will hear of nothing else but going," he went on. "There'll be just the five of us, against the ice." W. T.--3