The Thing on the Floor By THORP McCLUSKY A strange story of an unscrupulous hypnotist and the frightful thing that he called Stepan, who was immune to destruction while his master lived 1. Charlatan or Miracle-Man? "DARLING," Mary Roberts told her fiancé, "I'm sorry, but I won't be able to go to the Lily Pons recital Thursday night. Helen Stacey-Forbes insists that I go with her to Dmitri's." Across the spotless linen and gleaming silver that graced their luncheon table Charles Ethredge's gray eyes questioned. "It's a subscription concert, Mary. I've had the tickets for months." Her slender right hand readied across the table to him. "I'm terribly sorry, Charles. But Helen has been after me for weeks to go, and Dmitri's evenings are always Thursdays--" Ethredge grimaced. "I think it's rath- er silly of you two--this thrill visit to an obvious charlatan." Mary shook her head. "Helen Stacey- Forbes doesn't think Dmitri a charlatan. She swears by the man--claims he's done wonders for Ronny." Ethredge laughed. "Dmitri not a char- latan? With his half-baked parlor magic and that moving-picture brand of mysti- cism he exudes? I've heard all about him. Doc Hanlon says that if he isn't exposed pretty soon there'll be a major rabies epi- demic among our local psychiatry." For a moment Mary Roberts did not reply, but sat quietly, her delicately oval face profiled, her wide-set, limpid eyes thoughtful as she gazed musingly through the iron-grilled window at the row of dwarf evergreens in their stone window- box beneath the sill. Discreetly, from its palm-hidden sound shell on the mezza- nine, the hotel's string quintet began to play a Strauss waltz. Abruptly Mary turned back to her fiancé, a strange little smile trembling on her lips. "Oh, Charles, I wish that I could be so sure. Yes, you're probably right about Dmitri, darling. He's certainly theatrical enough--even Helen admits that. But you wouldn't want me to disappoint her, would you? And she does say he's saved Ronny's life." "Lord," Ethredge grumbled, "I wish to heaven Dmitri didn't have that Vienna degree; we'd stop him so fast his teeth'd rattle. And by the way, where did Helen Stacey-Forbes get the crazy notion that he's helped Ronny? Good grief, that fel- low's healthier than I am." "Ronny's really been ill, Charles. It's not generally known, but he's a hemo- philiac; he's had several severe hemor- rhages within the past year. Dmitri's the only man who's been able to do anything for him." Ethredge looked startled. "Why, I'd always thought hemophilia was heredi- tary; I've never heard of it in Ronny's family before. Two years ago, at the Wil- mot's hunt, he was thrown, and pretty badly bruised and cut, but he was up and limping around the same evening. He even danced." 280