322 WEIRD TALES pleted, in fact. I saw a few rushes of it A one-man affair; title's The Nameless. Arnold Keene's doing it." WORTH sat back and watched how I took that. And I must have shown my amazement. For it was Arnold Keene who had directed the notorious Ape of God, which had wrecked his promising career in films. The public doesn't know that picture. It never was released. Sum- mit junked it. And they had good cause, although it was one of the most amaz- ingly effective weird films I've ever seen. Keene had shot most of it down in Mex- ico, and he'd been able to assume virtual dictatorship of the location troupe. Sev- eral Mexicans had died at the time, and there had been some ugly rumors, but it had all been hushed up. I'd talked with several people who had been down near Taxco with Keene, and they spoke of the man with peculiar horror. He had been willing to sacrifice almost anything to make Ape of God a masterpiece of its type. It was an unusual picture--there was no question about that. There's only one master print of the film, and it's kept in a locked vault at Summit. Very few have seen it. For what Machen had done in weird literature, Keene had done on the screen--and it was literally amazing. I said to Worth, "Arnold Keene, eh? I've always had a sneaking sympathy for the man. But I thought he'd died long ago." "Oh, no. He bought a place near Tu- junga and went into hiding. He didn't have much dough after the blow-up, you know, and it took him about five years to get together enough dinero to start his Nameless. He always said Ape of God was a failure, and that he intended to do a film that would be a masterpiece of weirdness. Well, he's done it. He's canned a film that's--unearthly. I tell you it made my flesh creep." "Who's the star?" I asked. "Unknowns. Russian trick, you know. The real star is a--a shadow." I stared at him. "That's right, Pete. The shadow of something that's never shown on the screen. Doesn't sound like much, eh? But you ought to see it!" "I'd like to," I told him. "In fact, I'll do just that. Maybe he'll release it through Summit." Worth chuckled. "No chance. No studio would release that flicker. I'm not even going to play it up in my dirt sheet. This is the real McCoy, Pete." "What's Keene's address?" I asked. Worth gave it to me. "But don't go out till Wednesday night" he said. "The rough prints 'll be ready then, or most of them. And keep it under you hat, of course." A group of autograph hunters came up just then, and Worth and I were sepa- rated. It didn't matter. I'd got all the in- formation I needed. My mind was seeth- ing with fantastic surmises. Keene was one of the great geniuses of the screen, and his talent lay in the direction of the macabre. Unlike book publishers, the studios catered to no small, discriminat- ing audiences. A film must suit every- body. Finally I broke away and took Ann to a dance at Bel-Air. But I hadn't forgot- ten Keene, and the next night I was too impatient to wait. I telephoned Worth, but he was out. Oddly enough, I was unable to get in touch with him during the next few days; even his paper couldn't help me. A furious editor told me the Associated Press had been sending him hourly telegrams asking for Worth's copy; but the man had vanished com- pletely. I had a hunch.