WEIRD TALES 383 Nova Scoria: "In my humble opinion, the most thoroughly enjoyable stories that ap- pear in WT are those by such writers as Seabury Quinn and Robert E. Howard (how I miss that boy!), in which there is a little humanity, a little humor, a little happiness. Poe's works are abnormal, the product (ad- mittedly so) of a diseased mind. They aren't true to life. They are literary lunacy, analogous in art to the works of Dali, or in sculpture to those of Epstein. There is never any situation, no matter how desperate, in which all hope and humor are entirely ab- sent. I served four years with the Canadian infantry during the war . . . and although we lived in terror a great deal of the time-- particularly I--I never once found myself in a position where it was all fear and horror. In this month's WT there is a story by Nictzin Dyalhis, The Sea-Witcb, that I be- lieve to be one of the best ever to appear in our magazine. And my opinion is not in- fluenced by the really splendid cover design by Virgil Finlay--a vast improvement over some of the misproportioned females who have displayed their impossible charms on covers of the past, even if the girl has mis- placed her navel. The story deals with the occult, it has horror, it has suspense; but it also has love, tenderness, humor (not funni- ness), and a delightfully unexpected happy ending. . . . Another criticism (I might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb) I have to make of a great many of your stories, al- though not only of the Poe style, is directed at the obviously labored attempts at main- taining an atmosphere of gloom and im- pending evil throughout the narrative. Why should this be necessary? Because a man walking along a lonely country road in a rainstorm is to encounter, half a mile far- ther on, a grisly werewolf is no reason, that I can see, for the limbs of the trees to ap- pear like skeleton arms reaching out for him, or for the raindrops to fall with the sound of hissing snakes bent upon his destruction, or for the wind to howl at him with the voices of a thousand haunted spirits. Unless he is mentally abnormal, neurotic or a con- firmed and industrious disciple of Bacchus, a country road would be a country road and nothing more. It may be the tradition to write weird stories in that way, but it is il- logical nevertheless. Horror rarely sets the stage before descending upon us. I wish it did! When it strikes, it strikes suddenly, NEXT MONTH The Eyes of the Mummy By Robert Bloch THAT young writing marvel, Robert Bloch, has never written a stranger or more thrilling story than this. It is a story of Egypt, a gripping tale of flaming weird jewels in the eye-sockets of a withered mummy, an eery narrative that will hold your breathless interest to the end. THIS story rises to a climax so un- usual, so weird and fascinating as to make it unique in literature. This unforgettable tale will be published complete in the April issue of WEIRD TALES on sale March 1st To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER. (You Save 25c) WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Ill. Enclosed find $1.00, for which send me the next five issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin with the April issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) Name Address City State