THE GIRL AND THE GUITAR 69    idear. "Say," I says, "if it's a audience you crave, I know a couple of parties you could count on. I and Jerry would come a-whoopin' if you was to invite us!"  "Do you really mean it?" cried the gal, flushin' up.  "I shore do!" says I. "What's more, if you was to crave some extra-special entertainin' for your program, you could git Jerry to give the young'uns a very nice surprise." And I told her 'bout his guitar-playin'. "Say! You oughta hear him twang them strings and warble La Palomy and When the Harvest Days Is Over, Jessie Dear!"  "Oh, Mr. Carberry--that would be gr-a-and!" cries the little lady, clappin' her hands. "Do you think Jerry--er, Mr. Arrondale--would do it?"  "Miss Woodstock," says I, very sol- emn, "Jerry would do anything in the world for you. When you git to know him real good, you'll find he's a won- derful young feller. He'll be tickled pink to play his guitar on your program-- take my word for it!"  "Oh!" sighed the little lady. Then she laughed, and her eyes glowed like stars. She picked up a piece of her cake and wrapped it up careful in a paper napkin.  "Here," she cried, holdingthe cake out to me, "take this to Mr. Jerry, with my very best wishes. Tell him I invite him to the school program Friday afternoon --and say I implore him to bring his guitar and play for me and the chil- dren!" She laughed beautiful.  "I shore will!" says I. "And you can count on him comin'. He'll be here-- guitar and all."  "Of course you're invited, too," she cried, as I went out.  "Thanks, kindly," says I. "Mebbe Jerry might be over this way tomorrow. Mebbe he might stop in and talk over the program with you."  "I hope so," she said, with a deep sigh and a dazzlin' smile. "I think that would be fine." As I piled into my saddle, she cried, "Good-by! I hope you find your cow!"     I WENT lookin' for Pandemonium down Elko way. Figgered I might as well pick up the mail, bein' I was so near to town. I didn't run acrost the crazy steer, but it didn't worry me none. 'Twasn't no killin' matter if he did run around loose for a spell. When I got to Elko, I blowed into Mike Leary's refreshment parlor, before goin' to the post office, to git me a lemon sody. Whilst I was guzzlin' it a feller come in and bought a pack of cigarettes. He was a total stranger to Mike and me--a middle-aged, mean-lookin' party with slicked black hair and dressed like a big town dude. Also he was likkered up tighter'n a tick.  "Where'sh the post office?" he growled, swayin' back and forth.  "Down the street a coupla blocks," says I. "I'm goin' there pretty soon-- I'll show you where 'tis."  "Here," he says, pullin' a letter out of, his pocket. "Mail this." He handed me the missive and staggered out with- out so much as a "Thank you."  "Okeh, stranger!" says I, shovin' the letter into my hip pocket.  "That maverick's been snoopin' round here since mornin'," says Mike. "He don't belong in Nevady--not in these parts, anyhow."  I went and got the mail after chinnin' with Mike a few minutes, then lit out for home. I looked careful for Pande- monium, but he wasn't nowheres around.  That night right after supper, Jerry and me took a walk and I give him the piece of cake Miss Woodstock sent to him, which it was kind of mashed up, account of me havin' to carry it in the breast pocket of my shirt. And also I give him the gal's message.  "Gosh, Pete," says the lad, all choked up, "I don't know how I kin ever make it up to you for what you've done for me!"  "Shucks, boy," says I, "all you gotta do is learn me somethin' about guitar- twangin'. I'd admire to git started on that G chord you said you'd show me. Next payday, I'm gonna lope over to