EIGHT SPOT 87    in the midriff. "We didn't search his corpse, yuh mean," corrected the leader.  But the correction came too late. If Jack Williams had been killed they would certainly have stripped him in search of cash and valuables, and most of all for a possible clue to the strong box's combination. No, Sally's lover was alive, free, and so would surely come looking for her, likely before dark fell again. Meantime--  For all her physical shrinking, the calm strength of her will allowed her to maintain a brave front. The four ruffians grumbled and growled, ar- gued, hesitated; but in the end they did nothing. They could not be sure that she really did know the combina- tion of the lock to the strong box. However lawless and brutal, they still had the Westerners' traditional loath- ing of any act of violence towards a woman.  The hours drew along while they half heartedly gambled with their tat- tered and mutilated playing cards. It was reasonable to suppose that with the return of night they would attempt an escape from a neighborhood which must by now be fairly swarming with vengeful searchers.  Then, sore as was her body and un- comfortable her position, Sally must have slept. For she woke to hear an entirely new voice--a very heavy bass, disguised, she was quite sure. So some- one else had come to the cave to join her four captors! Not a friend, though.  "By midnight I'll meet yuh. I know the way." Those particular words were distinct. "Meanwhile get it off her an' bring it to me at--" The voice went trailing away as the speaker, un- seen in the outer cave, moved off towards the den's opening.  Almost instantly, though, the man Cathcart, the one Sally had thought of as the leader, entered the inner cave, carrying a patent flash. This he coolly pocketed. And then, in the dark, with- out a word, seized the girl's chin in     his left hand, jerked her head back sav- agely, and with a clawing right hand tore the locket from its chain.  Using his flash for an instant, he clicked the locket's lid open, to dis- cover the scrawled scrap of paper. "Here all right," he called to the men.  A MAN with a fractured skull may have his lucid moments; but whatever his determination, no exer- cise of will can keep him straddling a horse for long. Jack Williams, with bloodied head, had been powerless to control his panicked bronc. But he had been borne away, clear out of the narrow cut and into open grazing land, before he finally toppled. There he was quickly discovered and carried back to the bunkhouse. Long hours he lay in a daze.  Sump Flats had turned out to a man to try to run down the murderers of the old Rail Fence owner. Henry Everly had been well liked. Moreover, the wounding of his foreman and the ab- duction of the girl had set the whole county seething with anger. Trigger- fingers itched, and a hundred riders went fanning out from the ranch, spurring into the hides of as many con- trary cayuses.  Judge Rumble; the saloonkeeper, Blue Bart; Titus, the gentlemanly gambler; Sheriff Arp and Banker Bur- cheil had all assembled to pursue the hunt. They stopped for a word with the injured foreman, who lay, con- scious only now and then, under the ministrations of Doc Wren, the local physician, veterinarian and coroner.  Sheriff Arp, no modern sleuth, had been able to deduce little as to the iden- tity of the criminals. Sump Flats had been enjoying--or suffering--a mild homestead boom, and many a saddle- bum, moocher and tinhorn sashayed through the town. This dirty job would have been the work of strang- ers; but which ones?  Nor was the sheriff particularly adept in his pursuit of clues. Dozens of inquisitive amateur investigators