106 RANCH ROMANCES   This grim lesson impressed all with two points--"Don't horn into Sterling County! Don't harm anyone, connected with the Big Three."  The empty mockery of Sterling County law was gone through with, the victims were buried.  Shortly after this a pair of masked road agents began to work the trails out of Sterling, robbing many travel- ers. They were vicious gunmen who shot at the faintest show of resistance. Some thought it was the Rosarios.  Meanwhile, the Eastern cattle buyer offered poor prices, so the Big Three decided to continue sending their stolen herds to Mexico. His dickering over, Charlie Thomas still lingered to see Grace Lee. He was a harmless windbag, and the girl found him more tolerable than the brutal, hulking Lucas. But the sheriff flamed with jealousy, and ordered his deputy, Lor- ing, to break it up. Loring stopped Grace, and Thomas on the street, sent the girl on and beat the cattle buyer's face to a pulp.  The next night there was an after- math. It was late, the saloon was clos- ing up, and Crease and Lucas stood talking near the front door. Nearly everyone had gone home long ago, and the dark street was deserted.  Loring passed the two, saying good night. The next moment Crease grew rigid and seized his companion's arm.  "Look--out there!"  The. windows of the saloon threw great rectangles of yellow light across the blackness of the street outside. Loring stood in the farthest of these rectangles, staring into the night be- yond, He was a picture of stark terror. Beneath a face gone sickly gray his jaw dropped, his hands hung limp at his sides. For the space of three breaths he stood so, then his right hand clawed at his gun, cleared the holster. Two red flashes stabbed at him out of the darkness with a roar, and Loring fell without firing.  "Come on!" shouted Crease. He and Lucas raced outside. Quickly they     bent over Loring, but he was already dead. They looked up and down the street. There was no one to be seen, and no sound but the chirping of crickets.  The pair ran back into the saloon. "Murder! Turn out pronto!" shouted Crease to the bartender and the re- maining patrons. "This way, Sid, out the back door. He'll be gettin' away up the alley!"  As they rushed through the back room Lucas bumped against someone, cursed and whipped out his gun.  Crease cried sharply, "Who's that?"  Lucas grunted disgustedly as he peered into an even-featured, dark- spectacled face, heard a whispered ex- planation about "hunting that extra case of Bourbon." "Hell, it's only Whisperin'. Come on!" They went on into the alley, raced in opposite direc- tions, found nothing.  But a single idea filled Lucas' heavy one-track brain. Seething with red fury, he went on and burst into Charlie Thomas' cabin to find Thomas reading there alone.  "What's wrong, sheriff?"  "Never figgered yuh'd have the guts to shoot it out with Loring," gritted Lucas. "Now let's see yuh shoot it out with Loring's boss!"  "For gosh sake, Lucas!" cried the cattle buyer frantically. "I don't know what you're talkin' about. My gun ain't been fired for weeks. Look and see!"  "Get up and take it, coyote!" roared Lucas. He cursed and goaded the terror-stricken man, and at last Thomas rose and made his play. Lucas beat him to the draw easily and shot him down, Thomas' gun discharging harm- lessly as it fell.  On the way back to the saloon the sheriff halted abruptly at his bulletin board and struck a match. There was what he had feared to find--a fresh duplicate of the Cranford note. Only, on this copy, Loring's name had also been crossed out. "I will avenge my father's death," Lucas read aloud.