156 RANCH ROMANCES   PAGING DANCING ENTHUSIASTS  Dear Editor: It is indeed a delight for me to write and tell you how much I enjoy the clean, wholesome stories in Ranch Ro- mances. I have corresponded with many pen pals, and now I would like to hear from many more.  I am twenty-two years of age, and am actively engaged in playing in a dance orchestra in and around this city. I would certainly like to hear from some dancing en- thusiasts or other musicians. Girls, what would you like to know about the night life here? I'll answer all mail as fast as I can sharpen a pencil. Satisfaction guaranteed, or postage refunded.  Again wishing success to your magazine and its read- ers, I remain Yours Sincerely, N. J. WEXLER.  1009 East 17th St. Minneapolis, Minn.  LONESOME FARM GIRL  Dear Editor: I have been reading Ranch Romances from cover to cover for a year or more and now realize what a good mag is like.  I am a lonesome farm girl, fourteen years old, with brown hair, gray eyes and a fair complexion.  Well, here's hoping you ink slingers will fill my mail box. An R. R. booster, ELVERNA HOWEN.  Doon, Iowa.  P. S. If Billy Schneider of Sheldon, Iowa, and Frank Draper of Genry, Arkansas, see this, will they please write?  SUCCESS THE FIRST TIME  Dear Editor: This is our first attempt to crash the gates of Our Air Mail. We are two girls living in the deadest town in Pennsylvania. Incil has light brown hair, hazel eyes, and is sixteen. Marcella has dark brown hair, blue eyes, and is also sixteen.  Our hobbies are swimming, dancing, tennis, golf and hiking. We promise to answer every letter we receive.  Three cheers for Ranch Romances! It's the best maga- zine there is. Sincerely, INCIL VERM ILYA, MARCELLA SHEPHARD.  Grover, Penn.  OUTDOOR GIRL  Dear Editor: Having been a constant reader of Ranch Romances, I want to say that I am much pleased with the stories it contains, as I am fond of the West.  Our Air Mail section has interested me a great deal, and I would like to join it. I get lonely and would be pleased to have some pen pals between the ages of twenty- four and thirty-five. It would make me happy if you could find a wee corner for me, as I promise interesting letters.  I have blue eyes, medium-brown hair, fair complexion and a sunny disposition. Am fond of dancing, movies, swimming and outdoor sports, such as hiking, tennis and baseball. I live in what used to be the wild and woolly State of Montana.  Come on, pen pals, let's get busy. I will answer promptly all who may care to write, and will also exchange snap- shots.  Wishing R. R. the best of luck, I remain Hopefully, VIOLET M. MANNING.  Gen. Del., Missoula, Mont.  LINDY MAKES A LANDING  Dear Editor: May I make a landing at your Air Mail station and leave a plea for some true-blue pen pals?  I am eighteen years old, five feet seven inches tall, blond, with hazel eyes. Last but not least, I go in for all sports.  Come on, you sailors, cowboys, girls and all, write to me. I've given my promise to answer every letter I re- ceive.  Wishing R. R. continued success, I am LINDY COLLETTE.  435 Park Ave., Idaho Falls, Idaho.     FROM THE SUNNY SOUTH  Dear Editor: I have just finished reading my second issue of Ranch Romances and I think it is swell. I have read many Western magazines, but this one beats them all. I am nineteen years old, have brown wavy hair and brown eyes, and I'm fond of all sports. It would please me to hear from any of the boys and girls who will write to me. Sincerely, DAN ROCK.  902 Kirby St., Lake Charles, La.  WANTS A THOUSAND LETTERS  Dear Editor: Here's a plea for pen pals from a Trail's End member and a reader of your fine mag for four years.  I'm a gay young fellow of nineteen summers, with dark brown hair and blue eyes, five feet nine inches tall. Do I pass? I play the guitar, the uke, the banjo and the mandolin, and like all sorts of out-of-door sports.  My pet hobbies are stamp and postcard collecting. Be- sides these I like letter writing, and I hope to get at least a thousand letters from all over the world. I can read and write French and Spanish too, folks, and would like some leters from sunny Old Mexico. Sincerely, BOB BLANCHARD.  80 Hudson St. Oneonta, N. Y.  FROM COVER TO COVER  Dear Editor: I am just a new reader of Ranch Romances, and it sure hits the spot. As far as picking out the best stories, why I think it's a pretty hard job. I begin reading on the first page and go right through to the cover. As I said before, they are all good.  I would be more than glad to hear from anyone who wishes to write to me. I want oceans of pen pals, and promise to answer all letters I receive. I am a girl of sixteen, have brown hair and blue eyes, and am about five feet four inches tall.  Wishing your magazine the best luck in the future, I remain Most sincerely yours, FRANCES ZENGWALL.  Route L, Box 152, Pennock, Minn.  THIRTEEN CANADIAN TARS  Dear Editor: We are thirteen Canadian tars stationed in Halifax. We all read Ranch Romances and find the stories very interesting.  We would be very grateful if you could find room in your magazine to publish our letter. We would like to hear from people anywhere in America, and will tell them anything they want to know about our navy.  We are all young and not hard to look at. We will be here for the next seven years, so please write.  Thanking you, we are THE BOYS OF MESS 26.  H. M. C. S. Stadacona, c/o Naval Barracks, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.  "BOB" IS VERSATILE  Dear Editor: I think Ranch Romances is a splendid magazine. I get a great many thrills out of it. I am only a recent reader, having been introduced to your magazine by a friend.  I would like to get in Our Air Mail column. I am twenty-two years old. have light brown hair and blue eyes. In the summer I indulge in semi-pro baseball, and in the winter I play basketball. I would like to discuss sports with any reader. Of course. I would like to talk--or rather write--about any activity known to young red- blooded youth, such as sports, stage, screen, radio, or even the stock market.  I have traveled about a great deal and would be glad to exchange tales about travel with anyone. I feel sure the readers of Ranch Romances will be glad to corre- spond with me, and I am also sure that I will answer everyone. Sincerely, "BOB."  Robert S. Manley, 609 Howertown Ave. Catasauqua, Penn.