THE GIRL AND THE GUITAR 67    you might say. It was one of them times when three is a crowd, so I says:  "Think I'll go take a look around. Mebbe I kin find the place where that varmint got in at. Come on, kids, let's investigate." I went in the school, with all the little folks follerin' me, and it didn't take me long to locate a big knot-hole in the floor right back of the stove. So I plugged it up with a willow saplin'.  Jerry and Miss Woodstock was at the door when I finished the job. "I'm quite myself now," she said, "so I must get back to school-teaching." She shook hands with us cordial, sayin', "Thank you again for killing the snake--and I am pleased to have met you!" The way she smiled into Jerry's eyes, I knowed she was more'n half hopin' she'd have some more snake trouble and he'd come ridin' by again, just in the nick of time.  "I'm lopin' down to Elko to fetch mail," said Jerry. "Is there anything I could bring you, comin' back?"  "No, thanks," she said, real sweet. "Good-by!"  "So long! Mebbe--mebbe I'll stop by anyhow," says Jerry. She just laughed and went inside.  Now, we hadn't had no intentions of foggin' down to Elko, which it was clean out of our way. The lad was tryin' to figger out some excuse for callin' on the little lady again. So I says, "I'll go and see about them cattle cars whilst you're lopin' after the mail. And you might inquire in regards to Miss Woodstock's mail, too. Might be she's expectin' a important letter, which you could deliver it to her!"  "Pete, you're a smart feller!" he chuckles. "A very smart feller, indeed!" He give me a wink and went dustin' down the road to'rds Elko, singin':  'School days, school days, Dear ol' golden rule days.....'  That night after supper Jerry didn't make no move to git out his guitar and start learnin' me how to pluck chords. When the other boys asked him to play a few tunes he begged off, sayin' he     didn't feel good. Course I knowed what was eatin' on him, so I follered him when he up and charged out of the bunkhouse.  "Waal, boy," says I, "did you find any important letters for Miss Wood- stock down to Elko?"  "No, I didn't," says he, sighin' heavy. "If there'd been any mail for her, I could have rode up to the schoolhouse and seen her again, and mebbe got bet- ter acquainted with her and found out where she lives. But I didn't have nerve enough to just drop in on her empty- handed. Gosh! That little gal gets to me, Pete! She shore gets to me!" He sighed like a dyin' calf.  "Yeah, I noticed," says I.  "But how am I gonna manage?" he groans.  "What d'you mean?" says I.  "I mean you gotta help me figger out some way to see her again. I can't go callin' on her 'less I got some good reason for showin' up. And besides, I gotta have some excuse to git away from the ranch, or else Dad'll land all over me for not bein' on the job. Can't you figger out some good excuse for sendin' me over Pardo way, and also a reason for droppin' in on Miss Wood- stock? After I find out where she lives, I can call on her of evenin's, but until then--you see what I mean?"  "I'm ketchin' on," says I. "But if I know anything about the meanin' of a gal's tender glances, that little teacher'd be plumb delighted to see you if you didn't have no more cause to knock on her door than just to ask for a drink of water. I kin manage gittin' you away from here okeh, providin' you don't abuse the privilege. I gotta do right by your dad and the rest of the hands-- you know that."  "Just gimme one privilege, Pete," says he, with tears in his voice. "I'll work extra hard to make up for it!"  "All right," says I. "I'll think up some way to git you and your teacher together. Meanwhile, you go back to the bunkhouse and give the boys a treat with your guitar-playin'."