90 RANCH ROMANCES    might mean anythin', or nothin'," the baffled officer of the law said, shaking his head sadly. To run down a crowd of crooks and wipe them out, and then to discover that the master criminal had whisked away clean--a swell dish! "But if I kin only lay hands on any friend o' this here Cathcart's," Sheriff Arp went on, "any live friend, that is--"  "Jack? Where is he?" came a choked cry at the doorway.  Breathless, covered with dust, bare arms scarred and blistered from the rawhide which had bound her, and which she had had to burn loose in or- der to free herself, Sally Everly stum- bled into the bunkhouse. Her eyes were blazing but beautiful, for all that they were deep-sunk behind cheek bones smeared with soot. And there was clotted blood on her throat where the chain of the locket had been wrenched asunder.  But, careless of all comment, she dropped on her knees by the semi-con- scious sufferer, pillowing his head against her breast. "Jack! Jack dear- est!"  "Don't take on, Miss Sally," the doc- tor told her. "He's jest enjoyin' sweet slumber. He'll come to in his own good time."  "Then we'll carry him up to the house," the girl ordered peremptorily. "Lift him, some of you boys."  Several jumped to obey her.  "Wal," Bing Noddy commented, as they carried the sleeping man out, "I aim to heir his bunk."  "Till he comes back," agreed Riley. Bing Noddy made a good guess: "I 'low he ain't a-comin' back to the bunk- house, hombre."  Removal to the ranch house had, how- ever, roused Jack Williams from his pleasant torpor. For a minute or two it was idle blissfulness to rest his throbbing head against the shoulder of the girl he loved. Then dawning recog- nition of her own injuries startled him into full consciousness. "Honey," he gasped, "did they maul yuh?"     "Rest easy, darling," she told him, and proceeded quietly to recount the details of her capture--the intermin- able game of cards, the entrance of the fifth man, the violent theft of the locket, which obviously had led to the disappearance of her government bonds. "We'll be dirt-poor now, Jack. They'll foreclose on the whole Rail Fence. We'll have to begin all over, dear."  "In a cabin on Buffalo Run, with three hens and a burro," her lever grinned. "Well, that's all right with me. But they ain't outdrawn us yet. Let me think over what yuh told me." Sally, for all her warm-hearted, emo- tional impetuousness, had a very clear head on her shapely shoulders. She had neglected no incident of her long day of imprisonment in the cave, in- cluding the detail of the peculiarly mutilated playing card. She had been able to identify the dead men accu- rately enough, from the brief glance she'd had of them in the bunkhouse. Sheriff Arp, accompanying her to the ranch house, had displayed the small scrap of evidence he had garnered, the ambiguous postcard. She told Jack about that, too.  "That eight spot--now that's curi- ous!" Jack now reflected, going over her story in his mind. "Yuh don't know what suit it was? Guess it don't matter. All eight spots have their spots set on 'em alike. Ai-e-e-e!" He jerked himself upright, and thought his whole scalp was likely to burn off.  Tenderly Sally eased him back against the pillows. "Easy, cowboy! What is it?"  "Just an idea! Go ask Sheriff Arp to come up here," he muttered when he was able to control the throbbing of his head enough to permit himself to think lucidly. "Ask him on the quiet, honey, without the others knowin'."  "Hatched something, Jack?"  "Mebbe not; but got a hen on. An' tip him to bring that postcard he got off the guy that was called Cathcart."  No sooner had the girl gone out into