74 RANCH ROMANCES    and a hobby. He had a passion for beautiful horseflesh, as his father had had before him. Next to Connie, he loved more than anything else in the world his two dozen or so beautiful, slim-legged, and slender-bodied bays, blacks and sorrels. Racing stock they were, from some of the best stables in America. Occasionally he entered one of them in one of the local races at Palomas or Vegas, as a sort of de- fiant excuse to the world for owning them.  Every spring now for three years he had driven his frolicsome, spir- ited pets over the mountain passes to their high summer home, where they thrived on the luscious grass.  Another mile down the trail to the canyon bottom, and Connie would be at the cabin of Frenchy Arnot. Ex- cept for their own, there was no other cabin for miles in all this vast wilder- ness of high country.  She'd stop and see if there was any- thing Frenchy wanted her to do for him in Palomas. Poor, lonesome, fear- driven Frenchy! People had warned her about him. They said he was crazy and probably dangerous.  "It ain't noways natural for a body to shut hisself up thataway, away from ever'body, year in an' year out. Why, I even hear tell as how a feller stopped there and wanted to thaw hisself out by the fire one day, an' Frenchy chased him away with a gun. Like as not he'll get to broodin' up there some long winter an' kill some- body. Yes, sir, I'd keep away frum him if it wuz me," garrulous old Mrs. O'Brien, who ran the hotel, told her.  Connie had smiled at this and other warnings. She knew and understood Frenchy. They'd been good friends since that spring she'd found him pinned under a fallen tree, with a broken leg and some smashed ribs.  In the long idle hours while Frenchy's old bones were knitting, he'd told her a lot about himself, and what he hadn't told her she'd been able to guess.     It was an old story. Frenchy had been a chef--a good one--in a big hotel in the East. He'd had a son--a bad one, through and through--whom he'd loved as men do love an only son. The boy, Joe, had gotten into trouble with the police repeatedly, and old Frenchy had always managed some- how to get him out, hoping and half believing each time that this would be the last, that now the boy would settle down and behave himself.  Then Frenchy, tiring finally, decid- ed that what the boy needed was a quiet place and plenty of time to think things over. The next time there was trouble Frenchy sat tight, neither putting up the money for bail for his boy, nor hiring him a good lawyer. What is more, when the case came to trial, old Frenchy appeared as a wit- ness against Joe. The judge gave the boy five years at hard labor.  The state had a case without Frenchy's testimony, and the boy might have been convicted anyway, but young Joe never believed that. He blamed everything on his father.  After the verdict, Joe was given a few minutes to say farewell to Frenchy. He had looked at his father steadily for a minute, small black eyes glittering. Then, with demoniacal de- termination in his silky voice, he said quietly, "Remember this, old man! When my five years are up, I'm going to kill you!"  Unheeding Frenchy's quivering, gray-white face, he had turned and walked away with his guards, black head held high--a reckless, swagger- ing picture of unconcern.  It is a hard thing for a man to lose hope entirely. For a year after that Frenchy had tried to make peace with his boy, going to see him once a week, carrying delicacies of his own making to him. Young Joe Arnot's mother had died in an asylum, and he had always been a queer one. But now he had changed somehow from a wild, care- less youth to a quiet, unbalanced man. He lived with but a single purpose--