50 RANCH ROMANCES    would succeed where Spider Glick had failed. And he resolved that Loma Carlyle should pay both her own debt and that of Link.  He had not hurried his trip back. He would take his time, he decided-- take his time and play the game abso- lutely safe. Therefore, though he reached the Bar C 88 just at dawn, he did not immediately go to the build- ings.  He had heard of the way Molly Downs had beaten Joe Colinga to earth and he had no desire to run foul of this stalwart Western woman. She might have come down to the ranch to visit Loma again. So the renegade had taken up his position well up in the timber where he could watch without being seen. He was going to make sure that Loma was absolutely alone before he made any move.  The sun came up, dispelling the mists of night and warming the spring- touched slopes. Smoke curled up from the chimney of the ranch house. Per- haps an hour later Loma herself ap- peared. She went to the corrals, sad- dled a bronco and took the trail for Thunder City.  Texas Jack's first inclination was to attempt to ride her down, but he gave this up on realizing that she might and probably would outrun him. Also, she carried a rifle and he knew that she was the sort who would use it. So he bided his time, his hate feeding his patience.  Hunger came upon him and, as the ranch was, to all intents deserted, he slipped down cautiously and made his way to it. From the storehouse he se- cured a supply of food and went back to his hide-out. After eating, he stretched himself in the sun and slept. It was mid-afternoon when he awoke, to resume his scrutiny of the ranch house, just in time to see Loma return- ing from town, still alone.  His lips twisted in savage satisfac- tion. His opportunity was at hand. He'd give her time to become settled down, then make his advance. Loma unsaddled and walked briskly to the     house. She disappeared and the place lay somnolent and quiet.  From his saddle boot the renegade lifted his rifle, hitched up his gunbelt and stole downward, after removing his spurs in the cause of quietness. He selected a blind corner of the ranch house for his advance, and slipped across the intervening space without challenge of any sort. Here his stealth and care intensified.  Silent as a shadow he glided along and peered around the next corner, to view the porch. A leer of triumph twisted his repelling, unshaven fea- tures. There was an old, canvas loung- ing chair in evidence, and in this was couched the slim, strong figure of the girl. She was asleep, her face, soft and glowing in repose, turned slightly towards him. She had loosened her hair and it spread beneath her head in a blue-black cascade of sheening silk.  Texas Jack's eyes narrowed, his leer became more pronounced. Like some prowling jungle cat he stole towards her. Once she stirred and sighed a lit- tle, like a tired child. Texas Jack froze, his lips peeling back. But Loma soon quieted and he moved forward cnce more. A step in front of her he paused, feasting his eyes on her loveliness. Then, with a muttered curse, his talon hand flashed forward and fastened on her shoulder.  Loma awoke with a start, staring up at him. The color drained from her face, and for a second deep in her eyes lay naked, unashamed terror.  "You!" she gasped.  "Yeah," he leered. "Me! I come back to settle a little debt."  The terror in her eyes vanished, and scathing anger and contempt replaced it. "Take your filthy hand off me," she blazed. "Link told you he'd kill you if you ever bothered me again, and he will."  Texas Jack laughed wolfishly. "He won't be in any condition to kill any- body, after Joe Colinga gets through with him."  It was Loma's turn to laugh. "You