SHOW 'EM, COWBOY! 117    before he could hit the trail with a month's pay in his pocket.  Oppressed by this thought, he moved to the doorway, throwing back his head to inhale a revivifying breath of the fresh morning air. But he stopped, mouth open, his entire body stiffening as if from the impact of a sudden blow.  The doorway of the ranch house kitchen, opposite, framed a vision of radiant loveliness. But Brady Wilson would rather have faced an array of forty-fives than the girl whose vivid blue eyes flashed a glance across the open space straight into his amazed ones. He believed there was a flash of surprise over her face, then her red lips formed a slight smile, a tantalizing, elusive smile, and she turned back into the house.  "Damn!" Brady exclaimed aloud, re- treating hastily from sight. "How did she get here? . . . Oh!" Suddenly he understood. Oliver had mentioned a niece--Doreen Landis, of course. She lived at the ranch--it was her home.  He experienced no thrill of delight that he would be able to see her every day. Instead, not an inch of his six feet of muscular slenderness but blushed with the ignominy of his posi- tion. The bunkhouse cook! Could the pride of a top-hand suffer keener humiliation? And was a cowboy ever in a more exasperating predicament?  Sight of the cook stove now pro- duced positive nausea. He would go away at once. But no--he couldn't. To leave now would be to cover himself with greater indignity than to stick it out for the month he originally in- tended. But even Brady Wilson's humor could find no amusement in the situation.  Fear of encountering the girl kept him within the shelter of the cook house. None of the men would be in for dinner and he delayed until long past the noon hour to go to the store- room. Not until he no longer heard sounds of activity around the ranch kitchen, did he venture across the yard. Then he moved quickly with furtive     glances over his shoulder. As he slipped the key into the padlock, he heard feminine voices issuing from an upstairs window in the big house. One he recognized as belonging to Doreen.  "She's safe up there," he thought, with a sigh of relief.  From the well-stocked shelves he selected supplies to last a couple of days. Glances at Doreen from safe con- cealment were preferable to personal encounters while he labored under the stigma of "bunkhouse cook."  As he emerged from the storeroom, the afternoon breeze bore words from that upstairs window straight to his ears.  "I thought he was a cowboy, when X saw him in Baxter that morning," came in the girl's clear, sweet tones.  "Lots of fellows that aren't any good at cowpunching fall back on cooking," an older, rather whining voice said. "We had one once before that was a fine cook, but he was too lazy to be any; good on the range."  "Damn!" Brady muttered, his ears reddening. He quickened his steps, too. He didn't want to hear Doreen's reply to those comments. No matter what she said, right then it would be unendurable.  For some moments he cherished the idea that he would set a supper before the crew which would give every man in the outfit indigestion. In his present mood their sufferings would bring Brady Wilson positive enjoyment. But he repudiated that plan; no lasting balm for his pride could come from such a course. The only trail for him to take was the one that led through thirty days of cooking for the Oliver outfit. After that he'd show folks!  It was a relief when the men came to supper. They talked of range mat- ters, of the experiences of a hard day working cattle on the rimrocks, of a hundred subjects that interested Brady. Momentarily he was able to forget that his had been the ignominious task of peeling the vegetables they ate with such gusto.