FIRE FRENZY 151    sooner or later, so there's no point in making a mystery about it. Also, I want to know all you can tell me about this Gaynor guy--where you met him and how long you've known him, and so forth."  "But, how did you come by the gun?" Kay insisted. "You must tell me that first."  The sheriff took the gun back from Seth and gravely weighed it in his hand as he eyed it critically.  "There ain't much doubt," he said slowly, "but what this gun has killed a man."  Kay put her hand up to her throat. "Yes--yes--go on!"  "One of the fire patrol was coming back over the divide yesterday, and there by the headwaters he found a dead man, shot through the temple. And not thirty feet away, he came on this gun, lying where the murderer had left it.  "The dead man was a mile or so over on the Idaho side of the state line, but this guy was headed this way, so he brought the gun down to me. I called up the sheriff at Clear Water Basin, but he was off after a bunch of rustlers, and his deputy asked me to help out on the job until he could join me.  "Who was the man?" Kay got the question out through parched lips.  "A fellow named Scrap Johnson, who was one of the Flying Six outfit. He--"  He got no further, for Kay, with a cry of mingled relief and dismay, sud- denly crashed down on the chair near her.  "No--no! I'm all right!" She pushed Seth and the sheriff away, as they reached out to steady her. "It's just the horrible thought of Dad's gun being involved in a murder, that-- But how do you know it was murder?" she demanded with renewed energy. "There might have been a perfectly fair fight!"  "Where's this Gaynor bird then? Why didn't he report it?"  A horrible fear clutched hold of Kay.     "Perhaps he's killed, too," she fal- tered.  "We've searched all around there," the sheriff answered. "Of course, this two-day storm has washed out any tracks or clues we could go by, but my hunch is that he made a getaway right after the killing, and that he has va- moosed."  "But why would he have left his gun behind?" Kay protested. "He'd never have done such a stupid thing as that, if he'd murdered a man!"  "Search me, but we've no time for guessing," the sheriff answered impa- tiently. "Tell me all you know about him." He looked from Kay to Seth.  "All I know," Seth broke in, "is that he turned up here the night of the fire. Kay had been having him look over some timberland for her, and then de- cided to have him join the outfit."  "Where'd you get hold of him in the first place?" Zeke Farley turned to Kay, who braced herself for this ques- tion she had been dreading. In the midst of her confused horror at this terrible news, one thing was clear: Nothing would make her give the real version of her meeting with Ted.  "Why, I wanted to get hold of some more timberland," she began, "and it seemed a good idea to get someone to go over it, so I--"  "Yes--yes; never mind all that!" the sheriff cut her short. "What I want to know is: How did you come to choose Gaynor? Why not someone from around here?"  "I don't know just why." Kay sud- denly decided the only line to take was a helpless, illogical feminine one. "I just thought I'd try him out, and then, if I liked him, he could join the out- fit.... You thought he was a good addi- tion, didn't you, Seth?" she appealed to Seth, with an attempt to defeat the sheriff's direct questions by irrele- vance.  "Sure I did," Seth answered. "He seemed like an A-1 hand to me; but I've been kind of wondering about him,