PHANTOM GUNMAN 105   "Stark's name was crossed out," said a cowboy.  "Well, what of it? You don't think--" Lucas began and then shrugged. "Okay, I'll go see him. But he won't thank me for wakin' him at this hour!"  Joe Stark was beyond waking. They found him in his hotel room, on the floor, dead. His face was contorted with horror. An unfired gun was in his hand and three bullets in his chest.  At noon Grace Lee and Lafe Jen- nings chanced to meet in front of the general store. Lafe had been the Cran- ford's trusted foreman; he worked for Walden now, with stifled hate in his heart.  Grace asked breathlessly, "Lafe, you've heard? Do you think Jim is really alive?"  "I wouldn't build up any hopes, Grace," said Lafe gently. "Some drunken fool fixed that note. Why wasn't it written instead of printed, so that those of us who know Jim's handwritin' could really know?"  "Maybe that's it! Maybe he doesn't want anyone to be sure just yet," sug- gested Grace.  Lafe shook his head.  Whisperin' came by, tipping his hat to Grace. She nodded absently as he passed. "I think I'll have to marry Lucas eventually," she said dully. "I'd sooner die, but it's for Dad's sake." She clenched her hands. "If Jim would only come!"  "If he only would!" echoed Lafe. "I'd follow him through the gates of hell!" He shrugged, said, "Why talk about impossible things?" and went on.  That afternoon the Big Three held a conference in a quiet corner of the Diamond Saloon.  "Whoever wrote that note put the right names down," began Crease, spare and hawk-like.  "The killer made that yellow Stark talk before he shot! How else would he know?" said Lucas.  "A hundred ways," said Crease. "We shoulda done that job by ourselves;     those three roughnecks talk when they're drunk. Everybody's got a pretty good idea about old Cranford's finish. But what's the note got to do with Stark's killin', anyway?"  "Why it's plain--" Lucas began.  "Crease is right." Wizened little Capper interrupted the sheriff. "The note was a drunkard's fool joke. It wasn't written by the hombre who plugged Stark, though the killer mighta seen it and crossed out Stark's name when he got through. No, we've got to look elsewhere for that shootin', and my guess is Scar Norwalk!"  Crease nodded thoughtfully. "My idea, too. Stark hit him at the party, and he got even." He drummed on the table, his cold gray eyes narrow. "We got to tend to that hombre; give him the works. He's gettin' too cocky around here anyway. Tomorrow, say?"  "Right," said Lucas, raising his huge bulk from his chair. Capper nodded.  "Funny nobody heard those shots," remarked Capper.  "That's easy," laughed Crease. "Everybody was pie-eyed except a few hombres like Whisperin' here. How about it, Whisperin', did yuh hear anything?"  Whisperin' kept on mopping as he shook his head no.  THREE of Norwalk's gang had been bought off by Capper. The rest of the out-of-town bunch, includ- ing the leader, rode out to Walden's mountain cabin the next day with Crease. The local rancher was genial and hospitable, promised the Norwalk crew a third share of the rustling profits, and circulated the bottles freely.  Suddenly Crease excused himself, ducked outside, and the next moment a score of gunmen, outlaws and depu- ties intermingled, rushed the cabin from all sides. It was more of a massa- cre than a battle. Norwalk and his three attendants were quickly dis- posed of, while the Big Three lost only one man.