102 RANCH ROMANCES   Jim Cranford had first won fame as a super-gunman in the Sterling Coun- ty range war, two years before, when the cattlemen rose to fight the rustlers who had so long oppressed them. Jim was only twenty-two then, and had never shot at anything but tin cans. But when the struggle broke he turned his guns from tin cans to men. He beat several professional killers to the draw and led the cowmen to victory in a dozen skirmishes. Elected sheriff despite his youth, he gathered a posse of daredevils and rode up and down the county till the last rustler had been killed, jailed or driven out.  When Sterling County was at peace again, Jim's job was done. He resigned his office and took the south trail to Sonora with a herd from his father's ranch. After delivering the cattle he drifted on alone through Mexico. A revolution suddenly flared up there, and Jim seemed to drop out of sight, months passing with no word from him.  Meanwhile changes were taking place back home. Crease Walden, a crooked rancher, got out of jail by political wire-pulling, returned to Sterling and had a talk with the new sheriff at the Diamond Saloon. Sheriff Lucas had been one of Cranford's deputies, but now he sold out his oath of office and joined Walden's plot.  Capper Munn, boss rustler, who had fled from Cranford's posse, returned when Walden and Lucas sent word to him. A swarm of gunmen accom- panied him. So the old days were back in Sterling County--open rustling, killing, lawlessness. Old George Cran- ford, Jim's father, had tried to or- ganize resistance. As a result he was shot from ambush one night, his lands and cattle taken over by the Big Three.  The small ranchers, disorganized and helpless, lacked leadership to re- store peace and law. They had one hope: "If only Jim Cranford comes back!"  Crease Walden broke the silence,     "Don't let a word of this get out." He commanded, tearing the postcard to bits, "Turn out the gang to guard all trails and roads south of Sterling, to watch for Cranford."  "That's it--we've got to get Cran- ford!" said Capper. "He's the one man that can beat us, and he musn't get away. Shoot him on sight and pour lead into him till he stops kickin'. As long as he lives he's dangerous!"  Massive, bull-like Lucas shook his head. "I worked for that hombre once, but I'll fix his clock. I'll watch the main trail myself!"  A TALL, lean rider came up the southeast trail at dusk. He had a striking face, a face of contradic- tions--a friendly mouth above a stern chin, full round cheeks like a boy, a curved, hawk-like nose, and keen, bold dark eyes. As he passed a nester's cabin at the county line the old nester cried, "Jim Cranford!"  Jim stopped to shake hands. "See yuh later! I'm in a hurry to see Grace and Dad," he said in his deep, mellow voice.  "Then yuh ain't heard, Jim?" asked the nester. "Didn't yuh get any of our letters?"  "Why, no. Anyway, there wouldn't be any news to hear, with everything okay here. I got caught in that revo- lution, saw lots of fightin' and hard ridin' with the Federalistas; and my mail never caught up with me." Jim sighed. "Been gone seven months, Breeze. I've seen lots of things, and had a great time, but it's best of all to get home again. Well, so long!" he said and started away.  The nester grasped Jim's arm, say- ing hoarsely, "Wait!"  Jim saw the sorrow in the old man's eyes. "There ain't anything wrong, is there?" A chill went through him. "What is it? Pronto--tell me!"  The nester told him. At the news of his father's murder Jim seemed stunned for a moment; then he went nearly mad with grief and rage, cry-