HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 11    sure I'm not interested in the slightest."  "My mistake," he chuckled. "Well, let's eat. Grub's ready."  There was nothing wrong with the appetite of either of them and they ate with a relish. Neither spoke until the meal was finished. Then Sanderson rolled a cigarette and inhaled gratefully.  "I'll explain myself," he stated. "After reachin' home last night, Dad an' me decided that we hadn't ought to have let yuh run the risk of campin' here alone, us knowin' this country better than yuh. So I grabbed a blanket an' them aigs, an' came back.  "I came jest close enough to make out the gleam of yore fire. Then I bedded down, knowin' that if yuh got into trouble, I'd hear things goin' on. This mornin' I sneaked in an' started breakfast. Mebbe I hurt yore feelin's --but shore, I didn't mean to."  Loma was more mollified than she showed, for truth and sincerity were in his tone and words. But she persisted in her poise of chilliness. "I don't see why you believed me unable to take care of myself," she declared. "I don't believe there was a thing to fear."  "An' I don't believe yuh believe what yuh jest said," he returned coolly. "Yuh saw a man shot down in cold blood last evenin'. Those two yella curs who killed him are only part of the bad hom- bres who ride this country. No tellin' what might have happened if one of that stripe had been driftin' an' seen yore fire.  "I ain't sayin' but what yuh got plenty of spunk an' can take care of yoreself most of the time, but there's limits to all things. I jest felt a heap more easy knowin' I was close enough to help out in case yuh did have trouble."  Loma smiled. She knew he was right. "I'm sorry I was so grouchy," she said. "It was really very nice and thoughtful of you. Thanks a lot. And that break- fast was awfully good."  His answering grin was instantane- ous. "That's better--a heap better. I knew yuh had plenty of common sense. Now I'm goin' to ask a favor of yuh.     It ain't much to yuh, but it's a lot to Dad an' me. How about it?"  "It all depends, cowboy. Make things a little clearer. What is this favor?"  "Why, jest that yuh won't say nothin' about that killin' last evenin' when yuh reach Thunder City. It wouldn't do no good anyhow, an' Dad an' me can fight our own battles. We'd appreciate it a lot."  "I see," said Loma thoughtfully. "You feel that you can administer your own law, is that it?"  "I reckon. We allus have."  "Supposing you found out who it was that did the shooting. What would you do about it?"  She was amazed, startled--almost frightened at the look that swept over him. In an instant the smiling, person- able young rider was gone, and in his place there was a man mature in action and thought. His hawkish features set in lines of savage harshness, almost cruelty. And his gray eyes became icy sparks.  "Yuh'd be surprised," he snapped. "Long Andy was a good hand, honest an' white an' square-shootin'. Somebody is goin' to pay for his killin'. Which reminds me of somethin' else I want to ask yuh. Would yuh recognize either of them killers was yuh to see 'em again?"  Loma shook her head. "I don't be- lieve so," she answered soberly. "I thought of that last night, before going to sleep. You see, their backs were to me all the time and there was nothing about their broncos I could recall, ex- cept that they looked dark in coloring."  "I savvy," muttered Sanderson thoughtfully. "Their broncs mighta been bays or chestnuts or blue roans-- or ten dozen shades in between. Which means they were exactly the same as a thousand other broncs. Wasn't there any words spoken, or names called?"  "No. That was what made it so ghastly. If words were spoken, they must have been very low. I couldn't hear a thing. I'm sorry I can't help you more. There is nothing I'd rather see