138 RANCH ROMANCES    to sit up, then fell back as he felt him- self constrained by the ropes that bound him. He swore to himself, while he strained against his bonds, and gave a snarl of satisfaction as he felt them give slightly. Alternately resting and work- ing to loosen the knots in the rope, he finally cleared himself and staggered to his feet.  His jaws aching, and his face ugly with rage, he slowly started back to the Flying Six on foot. He had not gone far when he saw a cloud of dust in the distance, and emerging from it the fig- ure of a horseman coming towards him at a full gallop. His jaw set as he rec- ognized Josh Hastings, and his hand made an instinctive grab for his gun. A savage oath burst out as he encoun- tered the empty holster.  Scrap had no illusions as to the recep- tion he would get from his boss. Failure was the one thing for which Josh Hast- ings had no patience or sympathy, and his fiery temper when he was thwarted was something to reckon with.  "What's the meaning of this?" Josh Plastings pulled his plunging mount to a sliding halt as he came abreast of the plodding puncher. "Where's your cay- use? And where's that option I sent you to get?"  Resentment flared into Scrap John- son's eyes, and in his reckless mood and rage it was well for Josh Hastings that his holster was empty.  "You were too damn slow," Scrap Johnson snarled. "They beat you to it." A dark flush came over Josh Hast- ings' florid face, and he ripped out an oath.  "You mean you let Kay Crandon get there ahead of you?"  "Sure I didn't," Scrap answered sul- lenly. "I stopped her all right. But when I got to Old Man Warren I found one of her punchers, a guy named Gay- nor, had got there ahead of me, and bought up the ridge you wanted and an option on the rest."  Hastings exploded into a string of oaths. "The foxy little filly!" he raged, then broke off short and looked keenly     at Scrap. "What do you mean about stopping her? Where is she?"  A reckless disregard of consequences suddenly possessed Scrap. He was slated to be fired anyway, so he might as well get all the revenge he could.  "Wouldn't you like to know?" he jeered. "I've beaten you to it with those red lips, anyway! And believe me they ain't waiting around for you! That same Gaynor guy came up and caught me off guard, damn him, but I'll get even yet!" He gave a wild in- coherent laugh at Hastings' expression. "Some rival you've got there!" he ended. "And is she sweet on him? Oh, boy!"  "Shut up, you drunken fool!" Josh Hastings reached over and grabbed Johnson's shoulder with an iron grip. "Give me this whole thing straight!"  "You've got the whole thing straight enough!" Scrap wrenched himself away. "I'm resigning from your outfit anyway, here and now."  "Resigning like hell!" Josh Hastings roared. "You're fired, and the quicker you vamoose from this range, the bet- ter!"  "This don't seem to be my popular day!" Scrap Johnson swaggered inso- lently. "Your sweetheart's boy friend threatened to kill me the next time he saw me. Maybe you can figure why?" he taunted.  A look of cunning flashed into his face at an idea that suddenly struck him, and he reeled over close to Josh Hastings' mount, where his eye had caught sight of a gun in the saddle pocket. Before Josh Hastings could recover from his renewed conviction that he was dealing with a drunken man, Scrap had grabbed the gun and covered him with a lightning draw.  "Hist 'em!" There was nothing drunk about Scrap's tone now, and Josh Hast- ings dropped his reins and reluctantly obeyed.  "Seein' as how I'm through with this range anyway, I'll make my exit in style," Scrap sneered. "Suppose you