14 RANCH ROMANCES    have to kish me, 'fore I let yuh go."  Loma's answer was purely reaction. With her free hand she slapped him, and such was the power of her lithe young strength, the ruffian staggered back. But his grip was maintained. He cursed and dragged her towards him. She fought him off frantically, kicking and strug- gling.  Dimly she sensed the approach of a running horse, pounding down the street. The animal came to a halt near- by and a saddle creaked. The next mo- ment a human catapult flashed between Loma and the drunk. The impact threw her back against the wall of the store, jarred and bewildered.  She saw the drunk reel a step or two, then catch his balance, spouting curses. The curses broke off before the sodden spat of a hard-swung fist and the drunk went headlong, where he lay in a sprawled, motionless heap. Over him stood the wide-shouldered figure of Link Sanderson, his face a cold, relentless mask, his eyes narrow and gleaming.  "I oughta gun yuh where yuh lay, yuh rotten coyote," Sanderson was growling. "I will, next time I meet yuh --so help me I will. From now on this range is too small for yuh an' me, Texas Jack."  Suddenly Link seemed to realize that his words were wasted, for the rider was out cold. He straightened up, turned and faced Loma. His hat came off. "Did he hurt yuh?" he demanded.  She shook her head. "No--no. But--" she shuddered.  "I understand," said Link. "He's a filthy brute, who's been around these parts over-long. I'll see to that little matter as soon as he snaps out of it."  The ominous purport of Link's words steadied Loma. "Let's forget it," she said quietly. "After all, he wasn't really responsible. It was the liquor in him,  "Not altogether," snapped Link. "He's jest naturally a crooked, no-good polecat, drunk or sober. He's like the rest of that Bar C 88 tribe. There's a house-cleanin' due an'--"     "Do you mean he rides for the Bar C 88?" broke in Loma.  "Yeah. But they're due to lose a hand today. Soon as he gets on his feet again, I'm givin' him his walkin' papers. I'll give him jest an hour. After that, if he's still around--well--" He left the sentence unfinished, ominously so.  Loma stiffened slightly. "What au- thority have you over the Bar C 88?" she demanded.  "None--outside of this." He tapped the gun swinging at his thigh. "But Colonel Colt is a powerful persuader at times. This is gonna be one of them. I allus used to think that Bert Manner- ing was a pretty level-haided sort of a feller, but after lookin' over that bunch of coyotes he put in charge of his ranch jest before he died, I've had to revise my opinion. They ain't fit for hell-room, not one of 'em. Mannering musta been gettin' childish in his old age."  Loma's eyes were a smoky violet again. "Of course, I'm thanking you for what you did just now," she stated coldly, "but you'll oblige me by keep- ing your opinions of my dead uncle to yourself. As for him,"--she nodded towards the drunken rider, who was be- ginning to stir again--"I'll have him dis- charged immediately."  It was Link Sanderson's turn to be astounded. He stared at her. "Good Lord!" he ejaculated. "Bert Manner- ing--yore uncle? Then you must be that heir that Judge Reynolds has been tryin' so long to locate."  "I am. Is there anything wrong in that?"  "But--but--" Link stuttered aim- lessly. "Good Lord! You--why, yuh ain't figgerin' on takin' charge, are yuh?"  "I am--immediately. Why not?"  "Why not? Why not? Shucks! It'd take me the rest of the day to tell yuh why yuh cain't."  "I beg your pardon," said Loma stiffly. "I see no reason why I shouldn't. Judge Reynolds tells me my title is absolutely clear. The ranch is mine, and I intend to run it."