32 RANCH ROMANCES    up and down in a flashing arc. The heavy barrel landed crushingly across Smythe's face, breaking his nose and beating him to the floor in a senseless heap.  The coarse-featured man, Hancock, was about to shoot when Link drove a slug through his right shoulder and he toppled to the floor, mouthing epithets. The other two, Pasco and Jardine, spun out of their chairs, snatching guns.  For the first stunning moment, the boy had sat still, his liquor-dazed brain refusing to work. But now he lurched to his feet, fumbling at his belt. Link, poised and ready, saw Pasco pulling down squarely on the boy's heart, and he threw a slug with lightning swift- ness.  It was a center shot, cutting the fel- low down in his tracks. Pasco spun as he fell, instinctively shooting. The lance of flame from his gun almost seared Jardine's face and that worthy went down with him, a blank, empty look on his face, a bullet hole just under his right eye. Then Link whirled towards the bar.  "Drop it!" he barked.  The bartender dropped the sawed-off shotgun of awesome bore that he had caught up from under the bar.  "Gawd!" gasped that worthy. "Don't shoot--don't shoot! I'm peaceable."  "Yo're a yellow-backed liar an' a cow- ard," bit out Link. "Put yore paws on the bar an' keep 'em there."  Silence fell, except for the groaning of the coarse-featured rider whose shoul- der Link had smashed. The others were still. The boy coughed in the swirling gunsmoke. He looked at Link, cold sober.  "I reckon I owe yuh one, pardner," he mumbled. "They'd have got me shore. Pasco was holdin' daid on when yuh plugged him."  Link nodded crisply. "Yeah, yuh owe me one. I'll exact payment later. Jest now we got other things to think about. How much did yuh lose in that crooked game?"     "I dunno, exactly. Mebbe two hun- dred bucks."  "Take that much off that tinhorn cyard sharp. Hurry up! Then we'll be movin'. Things are liable to be hot here in another minute or two."  The boy fumbled over the senseless gambler, then stood up. "This'll do." he gulped. "Let's go."  They left the saloon and got their horses. Several men were apprzazhing the place. "Yuh lead," snapped Link. "An' step on it!"  The boy lit out at a pounding gallop, with Link at his heels. Shouts followed them, then a few shots that flew wild. In another moment they were outside of town, riding north.  Link spurred alongside. "Where yuh haidin'?" he shouted.  "Home," answered the boy "Out to the Wineglass, about seven about seven miles from here. My dad owns it."  There was no pursuit, at least no im- mediate one. But Link felt that he'd hear about the affair later. Thinking things over now, he was somewhat dis- gusted in getting mixed up in such a scrape. After all, perhaps he should have let the sharpers fleece the kid and teach him a lesson. He felt that his own mission in the country would be much more difficult to perform. But he shrugged his shoulders. The kid was a likable sort.  CHAPTER VI Colinga Tries His Luck  THE Wineglass spread lay in a big basin along the foot of the Cobalt Range and looked to Link, as he and his companion drew up to it, to be a prosperous, thriftily run outfit.  As they pounded to a stop before the comfortable ranch house, a middle- aged man and woman stepped cut onto the porch. The woman had a gentle, motherly face, kindly and serene. The man was of medium size, rather stout, with a square, blocky face, the fighting lines of which Link immediately noted and liked.