18 RANCH ROMANCES    wish is yore order. Remember that. Dopey, go up to the main house with Miss Carlyle an' unpack for her. Put the stuff on the porch. Then take care of her broncs. Rest of yuh get back on the job."  He turned to Loma. "Yuh'll proba- bly find the place kinda upset. It's been bachelors' quarters for quite a time. But soon as yuh see what yuh want done, call Dopey. He'll swamp out for yuh."  Loma nodded, then essayed a little speech she had been rehearsing all the way out from town. "I want to run the ranch along the same general lines as Uncle Bert did, men," she told them. "I want to be fair and just in all mat- ters, and if you will help me out, I'm sure we'll all get along nicely."  Coburn smiled boldly at her. "That's a up-an'-down proposition, Miss Car- lyle. I'll speak for the boys. We're with yuh to a finish."  The house, as Coburn warned, showed plenty of signs of male occu- pancy. It was dusty and disordered and in need of a thorough house-cleaning. Before Dopey had even finished unpack- ing for her, she saw that she was going to need help and plenty of it. She told Dopey so.  "Yes'm," he nodded. "I reckoned yuh'd find things kinda tore up. Be with yuh soon as I git these broncs cared for."  He bowlegged his way off with the horses and Loma gazed after him, tell- ing herself that, aside from Texas Jack, this fellow was quite the most unpre- possessing individual she had ever chanced to meet. He had lank tow hair, hanging untidily about his ears and shirt collar.  His face held an unnatural pallor in a country where men were normally deeply bronzed. His profile was a re- ceding one, with buck teeth, a weak chin and peculiar, bulging, frog-like eyes. His clothes were badly worn and dis- tressingly untidy.  Loma thought again of what Link Sanderson had said, and she grew a lit- tle panicky. But abruptly her slim     shoulders stiffened and her head went up. After all, range work was hard work, requiring the services of hard men. And a cowboy who had been help- ing shoe refractory broncs in the dust and dirt and heat, could hardly be ex- pected to appear immaculate.  Any lingering doubts which might have persisted were soon banished be- fore a period of intense industry. The homey, sturdy log dwelling was swept and scrubbed from one end to the other. Walls were wiped down, windows washed and the pile of odds and ends of equipment thrown out on the porch grew to amazing proportions. The kitchen was given especial care, and Dopey worked as he hadn't worked in years.  Loma, indignant over the discovery of what seemed ten thousand dead ciga- rette butts scattered everywhere, drove the perspiring puncher unmercifully. Pan after pan of water was heated, used, and thrown out. Dopey developed a crick in his back and his knees were sore from crawling over what seemed an acre of floor with scrubbing brush and bucket of soap suds.  "Men," stated Loma severely, "are natural-born pigs. You'd think that the whole wide world was one big ash-can for them to throw their cigarette butts into. And old boots--and socks--ugh!"  "Yes'm," agreed Dopey meekly. "Yes'm. That's right."  Eventually it was done, just as Aunt Molly Downs came ambling sedately up on a sleepy, mild-looking pony. Loma met her at the door with mingled sur- prise and swift pleasure.  "My dear," explained Aunt Molly, as she climbed stiffly from the saddle, "you've no idea what misery I've gone through to come on this visit. So don't grow angry with me. I'm just a poor, fat woman so full of aches and pains I could scream. Goodness! How good it is to get my feet on solid earth once more! And that poor horse! I'll bet he feels that the weight of all ages has been removed from his back."  She laughed then, with genuine mer-