SHOW 'EM, COWBOY! 119    distance, that he was forced to swallow twice before he could speak.  "N-no," he stammered. "I--I mean there's nobody around but me. B-but I'll catch your horse and saddle him."  "Thanks," she returned. Was there just a shade of doubt in her tone? That suggestion brought the color to his face until he felt as if his cheeks were on fire. "I'll ride the gray," she said, turning back to the house and calling over her shoulder. "He's easy to catch. And I'll be ready in five minutes."  Brady glowered at the inoffensive gray. "Easy to catch! She thinks I don't know enough to rope a horse," he grumbled. "I'm sure gonna quit this job, pronto!"  His ire rose when the pony gave him no trouble at all. "You're nothin' but a darned old plug," he raged. "A mere baby could saddle you up. Why in blazes don't you show a little self- respecting spirit, so's I can let her see I ain't just a sourdough mixer?"  Although he accomplished the task quickly, Brady Wilson had never sad- dled a horse with such care. Doreen appeared as he fastened the latigo.  "Thanks," she said again, while her lips assumed the slight smile with which she had favored him on his first morning at the ranch.  That smile instantly melted his de- termination to depart. In fact, so mesmeric was its power that he could not even move from the spot where his feet seemed glued. She sprang lightly to the saddle and loped away.  "I sure act just like a dumb pot- wrastler!" he raged at himself, walking slowly back to the cook house. He had no further desire for exploration out- side, even if the coast was clear. Seclu- sion, where he could anathematize the foreman of the Cross Bar, was what he wanted at that particular time.  "That Jordan Gates disliked me at first sight, and I guess the feeling was mutual, all right," he thought. "But I wonder if he's getting the fun he counted on, outa the poor joke he sprung. I'll get even with him some-     time, but when I do, I'll be darned sure to get my laugh!"  Brady's rancor towards the Cross Bar foreman was not lessened that evening when, as he stood at the long table washing dishes, Gates rode into the yard, tying his horse with the man- ner of one familiar with the place, and walking nonchalantly to the house.  Brady Wilson had no ear for cowboy gossip that night. All his efforts at hearing were concentrated on the sounds brought from the ranch house on the evening breeze. These added to his state of unrest. Oliver's deep laughter came at intervals, then some- one struck a few chords on the piano and Doreen sang. Brady took a seat on the bench outside the cook house. Never did ballads so enthrall a listener. If he only could have forgotten that she was singing to Jordan Gates, the cowboy would have been in an earthly heaven.  Presently a false note in the harmony was supplied by Duffy's nasal tones, audible from the bunkhouse. "Gates sure likes music--comin' three times a week to hold a concert. Wonder how long it'll be 'fore he coaxes the song- bird over to the Cross Bar to stay?"  "Aw! I can't see what Miss Doreen'd want of that piano-playin' cow- puncher!" Red could be heard grum- bling.  "Cowpuncher!" came scornfully in another voice. "He ain't no puncher. Jordan Gates is foreman--and don't no- body forget it! An' he's only a cowboy by adoption, anyhow; he ain't no son of the cow country!"  At that moment the song came to an end and Brady was glad. "So that hombre's playin' her accompaniments," he thought resentfully, jealously imagining the scene in the ranch house.  He remained on the bench until Gates took his departure, about an hour later. The voices of both Oliver and his niece were audible bidding the guest good night. He was gratified to discover that Doreen did not come out-