HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 41    fagged. Jest got in from Buckeye. Pete Hancock sent me. I'm--"  "Shut up!" snarled Coburn. "Yuh must be drunk--bawlin' out things of that sort for the whole world to hear. Shut up--an' get inside!"  Texas Jack muttered a string of curses, but subsided. Loma saw him follow Coburn into the bunkhouse. A moment later another rider stepped out and led the newcomer's horse off towards the corrals.  For a long time, Loma was motion- less. But her thoughts were racing. Texas Jack! She remembered him now as the drunken brute who had insulted her that first day in Thunder City, and whom Link Sanderson had punished for the insult with swift, ruthless savagery.  But what was he doing here now? And what news could he bear to Co- burn, from Hancock of Buckeye?  Through her mind flitted the signifi- cance of what Link Sanderson had said to his father and to her. Hancock was the man who was in the deal with Co- burn on the stolen cattle. This must have something to do with that phase of affairs. Again, Link had just re- turned from the Buckeye country. Per- haps his mission down there had been correctly guessed at.  Daring ideas pulsed through Loma. She wanted to hear what else Texas Jack had to tell Coburn. And there was just one way to do it. She ran to where her saddle bags hung, extracted her slim, but deadly .38 Colt, then slipped out- of-doors and poised in the shadows un- der the trees.  Here she waited until she saw the puncher return and enter the bunk- house, the one who had taken care of Texas Jack's horse. Then, picking her way from shadow to shadow, she scur- ried down to the corrals. From the shelter of these she whisked across an open stretch, into the black shadow thrown by the bunkhouse.  There she halted, resting a moment for her breathing to become normal. Presently she inched along the wall towards a partially opened window. Just     beside this she crouched, motionless, for the voices of the men inside were clear enough.  Texas Jack was speaking. "That damned Link Sanderson shore threw a jolt into things down in Buckeye. He butted into a game of cyards that Han- cock was in. Hancock, a cyard sharp named Smythe, an' two of Hancock's riders were cleanin' out some kid. Smythe wasn't slick enough with the pasteboards to fool Sanderson an' San- derson called him. Guess he got purty rough.  "Anyhow, when the ruckus was over, Smythe had his face pushed in from a gun barrel, Hancock was crippled an' his two riders daid. Naturally, Han- cock is plenty sore. He wants Sander- son's scalp an' says he'll pay plenty for it. But he guessed what Sanderson might be down there for, an' he sent me up here to warn yuh to watch yoreself."  "Pete Hancock ain't guessed anythin' I didn't know," came Coburn's answer. "Things are gettin' too tight around here for comfort. So me an' the boys figgered to make one last big drive-- a drive that'll clean this damn ranch from one end to the other. We were out all day long today combin' the tim- ber an' concentratin' the stock in the lower end of the valley.  "Tomorrow, on the bluff of startin' round-up, we'll pick up everything else we can, includin' all the Quarter Circle S stuff we can get our hands on. An' tomorrow night we light out. By morn- in' we'll be a long way towards Buckeye and, by the time these thick-haids around here wake up to what's hap- pened, we'll be safe on Hancock's range. What d'yuh think of it?"  Texas Jack seemed to be considering. "Well," he said slowly, "I'd say it might work all right, if the Sandersons were out of the way. This lone female boss of yores don't amount to a whoop, o' course, as far as puttin' up a fight is concerned. But them damned Sander- sons. . . ."  Coburn laughed brutally. "Forget the Sandersons. I got Joe Colinga out