126 RANCH ROMANCES   Red River, where Kay learns from the bank- er that the insurance money must be used to pay off the mortgage. He tells her that Josh Hastings is willing to take over the remaining mortgage and pay her five thou- sand dollars cash. Kay denounces Hastings, stating that he wants her land, and insinuat- ing that he is the incendiary. Meanwhile, un- known to Kay, Ted quarrels with Scrap Johnson in Kelly's Saloon when the Flying Six puncher makes scathing remarks about Kay. In the ensuing fray Ted threatens to kill Johnson. When Kay relates her experience, Ted suggests that her punchers rebuild the ranch and start anew. The loyal riders fall in with this plan and agree to work without salary until the ranch is on a paying basis again. Kay decides to ride to the Flying Six to recount the news to her aunt and sister. When she leaves to see about purchasing some timberland in order to have sufficient lumber for the building, she is waylaid on the trail by Scrap Johnson, who is obviously on the same errand in behalf of Hastings. After pinioning her wrists and ankles, and putting a gag in her mouth, he leaves her and rides away.  CHAPTER XII A Successful Bargain  TED GAYNOR paused as he was saddling his horse to start on the long ride back to his home, to ar- range for moving his mother and sister to their new quarters. He glanced down toward Kay's cabin, and obeying a sudden impulse, left his horse and walked quickly down to the tiny log house.  The door was locked, so he knocked vigorously. Since he received no re- sponse, he turned away and made for the bunkhouse on the run. Springing up the steps, he nearly collided with Seth, as he pushed in the door and met him on his way out.  "Hullo!" Seth exclaimed in surprise. "I thought you were on your way long ago!"  "Something's got me worried," Ted explained. "I tried to find Kay, but she's off somewhere."  "I saw her start out on Flicker about a half hour ago," Seth answered. "What's on your mind?"  "I don't think she ought to let any grass grow under her feet before nail- ing that option," Ted declared. "As far as I can see, that's the only available     timber there is, and we ought to make sure there's no slip-up."  "Hell's bells, there can't be any slip- up," Seth ejaculated. "Why, Old Man Warren'll be tickled pink to get rid of it!"  "Just the same, I'd be a lot easier to know that it was all sewed up." Ted looked from Seth to two of the boys who had come up, and were listening in. "Have any of you fellows got any cash?"  "Sure," Seth answered. "Why?"  "Because if we can scrape up twenty- five dollars or so, I'll go in and make a first payment on the option in Kay's name, so there can't be any chance of her losing it."  "I can't see as there's all that rush about it," Seth observed. "Still and all, there's no harm in getting that out of the way. It would be kind of a nice surprise for Kay to find it all attended to." He pulled out a roll of bills and counted off seventeen dollars. "How about chipping in?"  He cocked an eye at the other two, who readily complied, and between them, they made up a pool of twenty- five dollars.  "Go to it, son, if you've got a hunch that way." Seth handed Ted the money. "Bring the option back and we'll give it to Kay this evening."  "I'll do that," Ted promised, putting the wad of bills in his pocket. "I'll start off for home after supper."  On the way in to Red River over the same route that Kay and he had taken that morning, Ted's thoughts of Kay were so absorbing that the time passed almost as quickly as it had in her actual company. It seemed impossible that he had known the girl only about twenty- four hours! The dramatic events that had followed in such rapid succession after their fateful meeting might have filled a year instead of a day, so completely had he changed in the interval.  Because of that meeting, which might have had such a different ending if any- one but Kay, with her deep instinctive