FIRE FRENZY 135    politely explanatory air, as she said, "I've been thinking we ought to add some more timberland to the ranch."  "There's nothing much but scrub growth on that ridge where I met you," he observed.  "That's just the conclusion Ted ar- rived at." Kay looked up at Tom Run- yon with flattering admiration. "I'm sorry he isn't here; you and he would enjoy talking together."  "Where's he gone?"  "Just yesterday, he decided to really join up with the outfit," Kay explained, "and he's gone back to bring his mother and sister to the other little cabin like mine."  "I see." Tom Runyon's looks belied his words, Kay realized nervously, as his black eyes fastened themselves specula- tively on her.  "He's the one who has got us started with this idea of building the ranch house and barn ourselves," she rattled on, "so it's lucky he is a regular mem- ber of the outfit now."  "Sure is," Seth agreed heartily, push- ing back his chair and rising to his feet. "We'll need all the hands we can get on this job."  There was a rattle and creaking of chairs as the others followed suit.  "How about taking me on-?" Tom Runyon suggested, with a flattering eye bent on Kay.  "You're too valuable right where you are," she countered gayly. "I'm count- ing on you to keep my new timberland from burning down."  "That's right." Tom Runyon promptly succumbed to Kay's flattery, and with a relieved feeling that she had safely steered him away from the dan- gerous interest he was manifesting in Ted, Kay sauntered out into the twi- light with him.  Her relief, however, was short-lived. No sooner had they stepped out of the mess shack than Tom Runyon took pos- sessive hold of her arm, saying:  "How about that little talk we were going to have?"  "All right," said Kay resignedly, as     she allowed herself to be guided down to the cabin.  CHAPTER XVI Strange News  MARSHALING her wits to meet the coming interview, Kay walked the short distance from the bunkhouse to the cabin in silence. She felt that she would give anything to be rid of Tom Runyon, and have a chance to rest after her momentous and ex- hausting day; but some instinct warned her that it would be foolish to let him go away with the suspicion that she could see he still harbored against Ted. Tired as she was, she would have to change his line of thought, or he might make trouble.  "Shall we sit out here?" Kay sank down on the top step, and leaned back against the post that held the rail of the tiny porch in place.  "Sure."  Kay couldn't quite read the look in Tom Runyon's dark eyes as he gazed at her. Her thoughts suddenly flew to those luminous black eyes of Ted's, so different from the ones bent on her now. Ted's eyes had a light that seemed to come from within, while Tom's were just black and round and staring, but no whit less intent.  "You make some picture there, do you know it?" said Tom fervently.  Kay smiled a faint response to his admiration.  "I don't feel much like a picture," she admitted. "I'm terribly tired."  "I'll bet you are." He put one foot on the lower step and leaned toward her, his elbow resting on his knee. "I'm not going to keep you, but I just want to get one or two things straightened out in my mind. Just how long have you known this Ted Gaynor?"  "Goodness! I never can remember dates, but it seems as though I'd known him for ages. On the other hand, I feel as though I'd known you quite a long time, and we met only yesterday." Kay glanced up at him from under her