A SONG ON THE TRAIL 79   A high, sweet voice singing a stanza of the incomparable Cielito Lindo came faintly to his ears.  A slow, triumphant smile spread over his swarthy features.  "Just some damn fool kid whackin' around," he said half aloud. "Queer voice. Glad I didn't make the mistake of riding up on her and letting her see me. There's not a chance that she saw it, or she'd 'a' made a run for it.  "I'd better get going. If I hurry back I can make it out of these damn hills by tomorrow night, and then take a train to California. Guess I'd better go back the other way and out by Santa Fe. Someone in that little town down there might remember later that I came through and start asking questions."  AN hour and a half later it was an excited, half sobbing girl who tumbled off a tall bay mare into the arms of Sheriff Mindon himself. She gasped out her story incoherently, be- tween sobs and gulps.  Buck Mindon's arms tightened around her. "Just a minute now, Con- nie," he said gently. "Let me get this straight. What is it you saw?"  "I saw--I saw--a man kill Frenchy --Frenchy Arnot. You know--the old prospector who lives near us?"  "Murder, Connie? Or was it a--a fight?"  Connie shuddered. "It was just plain murder--in cold blood. Frenchy didn't even have a gun. He begged for his life, but the man just laughed. His name's Joe Arnot--Frenchy's son. I know, because Frenchy told me all about him--even showed me his pic- ture."  "When did you see this killing-- today?"  She nodded.  "Then how did you--" Buck Min- don glanced from Dolly to the tiny figure in his arms. He paled suddenly beneath his tan. "You witnessed a murder and the killer let you get away? Didn't he follow you? Did he     try to hurt you, Connie?" Before she had time to answer he shook her, al- most fiercely. "Tell me!" he said harshly. "Did he hurt you?"  She shook her golden head. "No. I--I don't think he knew I saw it. They were behind Frenchy's cabin. I saw them out the back window. I didn't even have a gun, Buck, and I couldn't th[i]nk of anything else to do, so I just slipped out and came along as if nothing had happened. I even sang a little as I rode and whacked off limbs of trees.  "You see, I thought if I could act natural and unhurried enough that he'd believe I hadn't seen him. I guess I fooled him, too, because he didn't follow any farther than the Mora Pecos. I suppose he thought that be- cause I was a woman that I'd have screamed and tried to run away if I'd seen the murder."  For a long minute Buck Mindon stood silent, a new light of compre- hension mingling with the anxiety in his eyes. His hands shook a little as he dropped his arms and stepped back. He smiled down at her with lips that were still a little white and grim.  "I must be going now, Connie. I'll make it back to Frenchy's tonight and get on the trail. I ought to catch him early in the morning. Shall I take you over to Mrs. O'Brien first?"  She managed a tremulous little laugh.  "No. I'm all right now. I'm sorry I acted like a baby. You'll--you'll be careful, won't you, Buck? Don't take any chances with him, he's danger- ous."  Buck Mindon looked at her grave- ly. "I won't be taking any chances-- now!" he promised.  Connie watched him clatter down the street, and then turned wearily toward the hotel.  She spent a restless, sleepless night. "This must be what it's like to be a sheriff's wife," she told herself as the long minutes dragged by.  The next morning she was up early