150 RANCH ROMANCES   "I think it's fine; only I hate to see those great tamaracks come crashing down!"  "Now, ain't that just like a girl?" Shorty commented to Flicker, cocking a quizzical eye at Kay to catch the ef- fect of his words. "Here we're break- ing our backs building a barn for her, and she wants us to keep the trees to have picnics under!"  "No, I don't, Shorty." Kay laughed at Shorty's comical expression in spite of her heavy heart. "I'm as anxious to get the barn built as you are, only I wish. . ." She left the sentence un- finished.  "Sure; so do I," Shorty agreed, an- swering Kay's unspoken thought with the freedom of an old friend. "You know, it almost seems as though some- thing must have happened to that guy. He wasn't the kind to go back on his word."  "He wasn't, was he?" Kay agreed eagerly; then, fearful of saying too much, once the flood-gates of her trou- bled thoughts were opened, she turned and made for the mess shack.  As she and Seth were discussing the dimensions of the new barn, a sudden clatter of hoofs broke in on them. Springing to her feet with a quick premonition of trouble, Kay was half- way to the door when it was suddenly darkened by the lanky figure of Zeke Farley, the sheriff of Butte County.  "Hello, there!" He pulled off his hat, as his eye caught Kay. "You're just the girl I wanted to see. Do you know that gun?"  For a moment everything swam be- fore Kay's eyes, as she caught sight of the gun the sheriff held out to her. She felt as though every drop of blood was drained from her heart, while she stared at it and braced herself against one of the chairs. Conscious of curious faces crowded into the doorway behind the sheriff, she cleared her throat once or twice, before she could bring herself to speak.  "Why--why, yes," she faltered. "That was one of Dad's."     Seth came around the table beside her and took the gun out of the sher- iff's hand. "Sure it was," he corrobo- rated. Then he added before Kay could stop him, "But, look here! Wasn't this the one you gave to that Gaynor guy?"  "What's that?" the sheriff snapped, his keen eyes traveling from Seth to Kay. "Gave it to who? When? Where is he now?"  Kay moistened her lips before at- tempting to answer this rapid fire of questions. Her mind was leaping in lightning flashes from one desperate conjecture to another.  What did this gun in Zeke Farley's hands mean? Was Ted hurt--or killed? Or had he killed someone else? Beating through her fears for him was the instinctive feeling that she must watch her step and not say something that would incriminate him.  "Where--where did you find it?" She stalled for time by meeting the sheriff's questions with another.  "Never mind that now." Zeke Far- ley spoke more gently as he saw Kay's distress, but his eyes were none the less keen. "Just tell us everything you know about it."  Realizing that all she could do was to tell the truth, Kay explained how she had given the gun to Ted Gaynor, and had last seen it when he started off for Clear Water Basin, to get his mother and sister and bring them back.  "How did the gun come into your hands?" Kay ended, forcing herself to face the facts, whatever they might be.  The sheriff hesitated and gave an im- perceptible nod to Seth over Kay's head.  "Don't you worry about that," he evaded soothingly. "I'll talk to Seth outside."  "No, you won't!" Kay interposed, her eyes flashing, and her body straight and taut with determination. "You've got to tell me anything you have to say about it! I won't be kept in suspense."  The sheriff shrugged. "Well, I reckon you've got to hear about it