66 Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil lieutenant of detectives and a stenog- rapher were concealed in Dr. Robert- son's offices that night. The two physi- cians had brazenly broken their promise of secrecy to their three patients. Each had been ordered to report at a fixed time, and so firm now was their faith in the wonder-working specialists that they obeyed without doubt or ques- tion. V The deaf man was the first to arrive. As he entered the room, Dr. Porter was seated at a table toying with the rem- nant of his dead wife's necklace. The sight of it startled the thief, but he recovered himself and took a seat in front of the doctor. Porter laid aside the pearls and turned to the man with his best professional air. "How are you feeling, Mason?" he asked. Deafy cupped one hand at his right ear as the doctor spoke, but answered the question readily. "Fine, sir," he answered, with a grin, "but hearing a whole lot better, thanks to you." "That's good, but you needn't thank me. There's usually a good reason for anything a physician does. Very often he profits even more than the patient. All you have to do now is to take care of yourself and lead a regular life. I think it would be best-for you to keep out of the open air." With a queer smile, Porter again picked his pearls. Deafy hesitated a moment, then coughed apologetically. "You seem interested in pearls," he said finally. "Why, yes, rather," Porter replied. "This is a small string belonging to a friend of mine who left them with me to see if I could find some others to match them." Again the thief hesitated and stam- mered a bit when he spoke. "You remember, Doctor," he said, "I told you I should like to make you a little present of jewelry if I was cured. It's funny, but it's some old pearls I've had a long time I was going to give you. Here they are, if you will take them. Maybe they'd match those of your friend's"; and he laid six of the Porter treasures on the table. The doctor's hands trembled as he picked them up and examined them, but he managed to make some expression of thanks while he quickly strung them into their places with the others. He started to speak, but the doorbell rang, and with an injunction to Deafy to re- main where he was he stepped into an adjoining room and closed the door. It was the dumb man this time who was the opposite figure in a scene much like the one just enacted--a dumb man voluble in his thanks for the miracle of his cure. He, too, spoke for pay- ment. "Why, yes," said Dr. Porter finally. "I believe you did say something to Dr. Robertson about paying a fee in case a cure would enable you to realize upon some valuable property you hold. What sort of property -is it, if I may ask? Perhaps I might assist you." "Well, you see, sir, it's some pearls," the dumb man said. "These here pearls. I can't talk very good yet from being so long out of practice. So if you could take these and get me the money on them I'd be only too glad to divide with you," and he laid eighteen of the Porter pearls on the table. "It's a strange thing," said the physi- cian, "but I do know just where to place these pearls. We'll talk about the division of profit later." Before the amazed eyes of the thief, he drew the growing necklace from his pocket and began to replace the missing half of it. 