58 Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil punishment of the thieves. That could come later. He had formulated a plan which was based upon medical rather than detective science. He smiled grim- ly as he heard the gossip in the village, where the news of the robbery was not yet known. Corner loiterers were dis- cussing the strange case of a blind man who had appeared at daybreak, scratched and bruised and with a broken cane, who told a tale of having been separated from his companion and forced to spend the night in the fields. From this rambling and conflicting gos- sip he managed to gain a sort of de- scription of the man--rather a stout, unkempt kind of fellow, it seemed, wearing blue goggles and a short, heavy beard, sprinkled with gray. There was other talk of a second stranger who had passed through the village twice on trolley cars, seemingly somewhat bewildered as to his where- abouts, who listened attentively to what was said in his hearing, but refused to answer any questions as to where he was going or wanted to go. Some said he was a foreigner who couldn't un- derstand English; others that he was merely one of those sullen fellows who never can be sociable. Of him, too, there were meagre de- scriptions--slight, about thirty, smooth- shaven, dressed in a cheap suit with one pocket ripped from the side of the coat and the back of one hand scratched as though by thorns or finger-nails. The trail plainly led to the city, and there Dr. Porter followed it, with his eye cocked for a blind man with blue goggles and a beard. In a crowded city, he fully realized, a deaf man can hide his lack of hearing, a dumb man his inability to speak, but a blind man cannot disguise his lack of sight. This must be a case of the blind lead- ing the blind. If he could locate the man with the blue goggles he felt sure he could find the others and through one of them his pearls. Determinedly he made his way to the poorer lodging- house section of the city, where his ex- perience told him a blind man of this type, especially one separated from his pals, would be most likely to be found. Of course he might be "holed-up," but that seemed improbable. No one had seen him in the house and who would suspect a blind man of being a burglar, even though he had been seen in the vicinity of a crime? Nevertheless the first day's search was fruitless. There were scores of blind men, but not the blind man--blind men of all sorts, but not one showing signs of the brand of viciousness that would lead him into safe-robbery-- many blind men who were not blind, but the man he sought really was blind, he knew. Toward evening he decided that if it were to be a long hunt he must have headquarters on the spot, and found one ready-made for him. At a free dis- pensary in the neighborhood he was gladly granted permission to open a pri- vate charity clinic for the treatment of those specialties in which he was fa- mous. His explanation that he was looking for material for a series of new experiments was readily accepted and a private office, with sleeping room at- tached, speedily cleared for the distin- guished physician. To it he brought down from his home some personal be- longings, bedding and a few decora- tions, including two or three Chinese and Japanese bronzes that were one of his hobbies. II It was along about noon on the sec- ond day after that the series of events his logic demanded began to shape themselves. A tattered boy emerged from a lodging house leading an almost burly figure in beard and blue goggles, who tapped ahead of him with a long 