Fit for a King 117 cliff, the waves beat interminably on jagged rocks that formed its base. Always the spray seemed to dash half- way up this great 300-foot pedestal up- on which the house stood. Down below was the little cove in which the canoes and the motorboats were stored, but even these had been dragged to the spot through the forest and the nearest really safe havens for watercraft were fifty miles south and in Barclay Sound be- yond the Strait of Juan de Fuca far to the north. It was heart-breaking work, but it had to be done. We quartered and criss- crossed that whole tangled section of primeval forest. We made trails through parts of it that not even a pheasant had ever seen, so thick was it. Ahead of us we drove Indian guides and Scandina- vian axemen until they were reeling with weariness, wet with perspiration and soaked with the eternal dampness of these woods, and nothing could we find. Finally, absolute exhaustion drove us back to the "Aerie" to rest up, but principally we went there to collect our frazzled wits and think things over. Naturally, we had made a complete search of the house--or as complete as we could. Stanwood had not been there at the time. He had pleaded im- portant business in Seattle and as we had him constantly shadowed in the city, we were rather glad of his absence, but he came out while we were there the second time and with him along with us we went through the house again with a fine-toothed comb, to say nothing of flashlights, jimmies and other tools. We had said we were going to tear the whole house apart lintil we had solved the mystery. But we didn't find anything. The house itself was a beauty. Built all on one floor, with the exception of an observatory on the roof to give it a little touch of distinction, I imagine, it was apparently hewn out of solid logs from the little clearing behind it. Even the floors were of solid slabs of cedar and so was the woodwork with which the interior was finished. From the rear, or the land side, you stepped into an entrance hall alongside the kitchen and from there into a great combined living- and dining-room that took up the whole center of the house. To the right were four or five bed- rooms and to the left the private suite built for the personal use of the king. In front of this was a sort of sun- parlor and study and a private dining-room, and along the side a huge bedchamber with a massive bed in it made out of native cedar. Most of the beds in the house were of the usual brass variety but the royal couch was a huge and most interesting affair. Stanwood confided to us that he had made it himself for Plainfield's room, but the boss had done him the honor of selecting it for the king be- cause it was such a fine example of the craftman's skill. It was, indeed. We all had to take our hats off to Stanwood as a master at carpenter work. He had a marvelous set of wood- working tools and he seemed to be more worried about them than about anything else as we searched the house, ruining the edge of one after another as we tested floors and walls and sought to pry up huge timbers with delicate chisels. We tapped and tested and sawed and bored until the house was pretty near a wreck. And still we could not find anything. At last, as the best boatman in the party, I volunteered to make a search of the ocean front. We had done it be- fore from the motorboat, keeping well off the rocks and searching the face of the cliff through binoculars. But I wanted to get in closer and finally per- suaded an Indian to go with me in a canoe. It was plain he did not want to go. I had to talk real rough to him, but 