18 The Prisoner Speaks is possible, even probable, that I now would be undergoing trial for his mur- der instead of for the murder of the woman he so vilely wronged in thought and act. "It has been alleged that the fishing trip which I took was a subterfuge, a 'blind.' In one sense it was. I had brooded over the letters received by my wife from this man until my temper was getting beyond my control. I went away, ostensibly to fish, but really to wrestle with myself--to have a quiet place in which to 'take stock' of myself and the situation, to decide upon what I should do. "Consider, gentlemen, the conflicting emotions that you would have felt had you been in my place. It is a' serious matter to deliberately ponder the killing of a man. Sometimes, as in this in- stance, not because of the man, nor because of yourself or the penalty you may suffer, but because of the effect on innocent others. I will not inflict upon you the wearisome rounds of the con- flict I fought with myself, the countless pros and cons of the silent argument there in the woods by the river. A soul in torment is not a sight for the eyes of others. Enough that I won the battle, that I started back home deter- mined to find some other means short of killing to put an end to the persecu- tions of Randolph Raggan. "I knew and know that my wife was a good woman, pure-minded almost to the point of innocence, more faithful to me and my interests than I could be myself. She bitterly resented the ap- proaches of this man, his attempts to supplant me in her affections. But even I was not able to appreciate the full worth and strength of Harriet Smith's nobility and purity--qualities which, gentlemen, cost her her life, a price which I am sure she paid willingly rather the one with which she could have bought her safety. "I might dwell upon this theme for hours, contrasting the whiteness of the woman with the blackness of the man --but I must hasten to my conclusion, trusting to your own sentiments for that understanding which any words of mine would fail to convey. "I imagine, gentlemen of the jury, that, knowing I was to be out of town for several days--and I have reason for my belief that he did know it--this man went to my house with the hope and intention of accomplishing one of of two things--or both: The final ac- complishment of his evil desires, and-- or--the recovery of the letters which he had written to my wife and which he knew she had kept. "In the latter purpose he succeeded partially, but not entirely. Not en- tirely because, by some intervention of providential justice, he overlooked, or was prevented by some means from se- curing, this one and the most important of all those letters. I say 'the most important.' I had read the others be- fore I left home. They contained no threats. This one undoubtedly was de- livered the evening of the eleventh, and that delivery closely followed by the writer in person. No one now alive, except the man himself, can know all the circumstances that preceded and took place during that clandestine call. But that he murdered my wife, arranged the 'evidence' that he planned would convict me of his own crime, and has done everything in his power since then to sacrifice my life on the same satanic altar upon which he slew her--of this I am as sure as if I had been his shadow. "This, then, gentlemen of the jury, is the letter in which Randolph Raggan has written his own indictment in ad- vance of his final crime: " 'Most Beautiful of Women'--it be- gins, and that is the only worthy state- ment in it--'I have learned that S. is 