The Trap Thief 47 trail, maybe. Feel better now? Good. Let's go!" With this, Cox started the car and they sped swiftly southward, along a smooth highway. The sense of time and distance came to the wounded boy vaguely, but presently the white glare of the road gave place to cool arches of trees and the car stopped. A glimpse of the balanced stone, now raised on end, aroused Ramsey to reali- ties. They were in the old lumber trail. Two other cars were parked in the gully and a half dozen men lounged around them. Two of them were handcuffed. A third came forward to Cox. "We dodged the lookout and got them as they came in," he reported. "What had they with -them?" "Groceries, paper and ether." "You've been up to the Bag of Bones?" "Yes sir. No signs of them any- where." The Bag of Bones! The words aroused Jack like the lash of a whip. There he and Cox had smelled the ether ; there Jack had seen the flashing light-- In a rush of words the boy told of his night vision, the glow in the ash tree on the rocks. "Surest thing you know, sonny," Cox exploded. "They needed that light for the fine points in their job." Jack was groping for other facts which evaded him. Then, clear as a trumpet, came Mary Gage's words: "Lean Jaw: Under the ash tree on the rocks, lift t'he hollow stump." "You say you can get no trace of tliem?" he cried. "Right." "Then I can! Help me! We'll go to the Bag of Bones." "You're knocked out, sonny--" "I must! She is there." "Brady! Grosman!" Cox called. "Help the boy!" They lifted Jack from the car, two men carrying him between them on arms and hands doubly crossed. Jack doggedly insisting, Cox hiding his anx- iety in muttered curses, the carriers swaying and stumbling with their bur- den, they made their way along the trail. Near the Bag of Bones two of Cox's men were on guard. Between them, handcuffed, was the man with the black beard. "Good work!" Cox commented. "Watch him close. He faces a murder charge. No sign of the others?" "No, sir." "Hoist me to the top of those rocks," Jack insisted. "You ain't going up there, sonny?" "It's the only way I can find out!" Lifting and shoving, they raised Jack over the boulders. At last they stood on the level summit. Jack glanced at the ash tree, then studied the ground beneath it. "See! There! The hollow stump! Two of you lift it!" "Say, boy, you've gone nutty--" "Lift that hollow stump!" Cox's men laid hands on the large stump, the roots of which seemed to b deeply embedded in the earth. As they tugged at the rotting wood, the stump and a section of soil and rock came away in ragged angles, like a piece from a picture puzzle, disclosing the entrance to a cave thus camouflaged on a trap door by a master hand. "All of you! Down! Quick!" Cox ordered. A rush to the opening, the tumble of men down a ladder, shouts and the im- pact of a struggle in the darkness be- low, a pistol shot, a woman's scream-- It happened too quickly to be measured by time. Swiftly as it came, however, the fight was not ended before Ramsey was on the ladder, dropping into the shadows. 