Fit for a King 123 denied everything, but as I described what I had seen, he broke still further in a sort of superstitious terror, which I couldn't understand for a time. Brierly was an adept at the game and as he picked up an axe and attacked the bed, the fellow leaped back with a squeal of alarm. "So that's it, eh ?" said Brierly with a grin. "Come now, show us how it was done and save a lot of trouble." He gave up at that and showed the devil's trap. Hidden in the head of the bed was a spring which, when he pressed ~ it, released another spring in the side of the couch, just where a man's knee would rest when he climbed into bed. Securing a pole, he pressed this spring from a safe distance and swiftly the bed tilted at a sharp angle while a black hole opened in the floor for an instant and then closed again into its perfect jointures. The scheme, he explained, as he grew calmer, was to set the spring at the head of the bed only when the trap was to receive a victim. At other times the room was perfectly safe. He might have set it for us, but did not believe we could ever prove anything against him and also feared that the fall of one of us would reveal his secret to the others. His terror at my story, he explained, was due to the news that the bodies were still under the house. He had found the chimney opening into the cave when he came there to build the house and the trap was a culmination of the discovery, but he could hear the waves washing down below and believed that the bodies that fell through it would be washed away with the next tide. Then, if they were ever found, it would be supposed that they had tumbled from the cliff. "But why did you kill these men?" Brierly demanded. "I didn't kill them," he answered. "They fell while I was not here." "True, but you set the trap and then invited them here. Why did you do it ?" He was silent for a moment, then set his jaws and straightened his shoulders. "They were enemies of my country," he said. "They were making munitions to destroy my brothers. Why should I not destroy them ?" "But this house was built before the war," Brierly insisted. "Why did you build this infernal trap?" "Because," he answered slowly, "Mr. Plainfield ordered this . house built to entertain a king. I do not believe in kings. They are the enemies of man- kind. He ordered a house 'fit for a king.' I made it so." We drew back, startled at the hate that gleamed in his eyes and at the cruel cunning of the radical bared before us. He saw his chance, and before we could stop him, leaped through the window. Another instant and he had thrown him- self over the cliff to the rocks and surf below. There isn't much else to tell. We never found out who he really was. No, I haven't said what king it was who sent me those letters. Perhaps you can figure it out for yourself. 