120 Fit for a King in Canada for a long time. Talks about England and all that sort of thing." "Humph," grunted Brierly. "Re- member that Austrian chap we rounded up after he blew up that ship in Seattle harbor last month? What was his name?" "Good-looking, well educated chap," I muttered. "Why it was--Stan-- Stan--," and I turned to Campbell, who had made the arrest. "Goshamighty, Stanwich," Campbell exploded. "Exactly," said Brierly, with &lt;9n air of great satisfaction. "Stanwich. And do you remember that our friend inside there showed a particularly keen inter- est in that case and that he was asking about it only this morning?" "Yes," I nodded; "but what pos- sible connection is there between that and this case here?" "Just this," said Brierly, slowly and distinctly: "I've a lot more than a hunch that our friend is no more English than Song Chin, that his name is Stanwich and not Stanwood, that these two men are either brothers or cousins and both on the same job." "You mean--?" I asked. "I mean that the fellow in jail down in Seattle destroys munition ships and the fellow in here destroys munition makers and that they both work for the same boss. These four men were all munition makers and Stanwood either murdered them or knows how they were murdered." It was a little too much for me and I sat still, thinking hard. Campbell started up and made for the hall door, but Brierly halted him. "What are you going to do?" he called. "Sweat it out of the devil," he an- swered. Brierly shook his head. "Can't be done," he said. "He's too deep for that. There's a trap in this house some place and we've got to find it." Then he turned to me. "What was that again you thought you saw on the side of the cliff?" I explained again and we waited for Brierly. He was senior man and be- sides had the clearest head in the party and we readily agreed as he outlined his plan. "Campbell," he said, "you and Cor- rigan go through the king's bedroom again. It's the most likely place and that's where the girl says Adams dis- appeared with a scream. Mac, I hate to ask you to do it, because I know how dangerous it is, but you're the best boat- man and we ought to know what that thing is you saw. I'll relieve Corrigan outside and think things over." V Campbell and Corrigan went at their job at once, but I had to wait for the next ebb tide, and before I left I made sure that one man at least would be on the edge of the cliff with a coil of rope in case things went wrong. I knew there wasn't much chance for a capsized man among those rocks, but if I did hit trouble a rope was the only possible chance for my life. I couldn't find an Indian anywhere about the place. I think they had an idea I might want to go out there again. And so I had to go alone in a lighter canoe. The sea was a little smoother than before, or rather a little less rough. You couldn't call it smooth at all. I crept in closer and closer, while Camp- bell watched from the top of the cliff. I didn't dare use the glasses because the paddle took both hands, but I found the spot I had seen and kept my eyes on it. Plainer and plainer it grew as I edged toward it and I let out a whoop of satisfaction as I saw a narrow opening in the rock. I waved an arm at Campbell and 