The Man Who Knew Too Much By John D. Swain I "THE trouble with me," said the last patient of the day, "is that I know too much." The statement did not sur- prise Arbuthnot, the consulting alienist. The patient who had just left his office had assured him that he was perfectly all right save for a glass heart, which he lived in constant terror of cracking by colliding with somebody, or by slipping on a wet pavement. Before him, there had been a pretty girl bubbling with enthusiasm over a scheme for curing stammerers by intra- venal injections of parrot's blood. And so it went, every afternoon from two until four. Arbuthnot elevated his brows politely, and gazed upon the pale, emaciated man of sixty-odd who faced him across the wide table. "You know too much--about what?" "Everything! Big things, and trifles. All my senses are abnormally keen. Without in the least wishing to do so, I overheard all your conversation with the patients who preceded me, through your soundproof door. Coming down- town, I passed seven hundred and thir- teen pedestrians; and I could describe each one so minutely that any reason- ably intelligent police officer could iden- tify him at sight. On the street cars, I can hear the ticking of every watch, and distinguish the minute differences in beat and pitch. Yesterday I rode for two miles along the principal busi- ness street of a Jersey city. I can write out for you every sign, every scrap of lettering on the shop fronts of the side I was facing, along the entire route. When I smell a perfume, I at once identify each of the dozen or more coal- tar derivatives from which it has been built up." Dr. Arbuthnot nodded. "I have treated cases not unlike yours," he said. "There is no cause for alarm. You are probably overwork- ing. Drop everything and play for a while. Golf. Or long tramps in the country." "No use. I should count the apples on the trees, and if I laid down to rest I should hear the grass grow and the earthworms burrowing far beneath. I can stand it daytimes, but of late my mind retains its activity until I sink into a sort of stupor toward dawn. I am sixty-three, and I've never used drugs of any sort. Now I want something to make me sleep, at least every other night." The alienist made the customary ex- amination, with stethoscope and opthal- moscope; tested his reflexes, and ques- tioned him upon his family history. John Slade's father had been of a type not uncommon in rural New En- gland, although dying out. Self-taught, save for what the village academy could impart, he knew a little about many things. He was a naturalist, of sorts. Was always pointing out glacial scratches on the rocks in the neighbor- hood, and finding Indian arrowheads. Had a fine collection of butterflies, and knew them all by their Latin names. Botanized a great deal by day, and read the stars by night through a rusty old telescope. Understood the ways of 107 