Notable among current musical announcements is that Florence Easton, soprano. Metropolitan Opera Company, now records exclusively for Brunswick. Her initial record (just released) is the Bach-Gounod "Ave Maria." Soprano High C Without "Metallic" Suggestion A Brunswick Achievement Vouched For By Highest Musical Authorities Musicians, critics, teachers, all will tell you the seven- test of a phonograph is in rendering "high notes," espe- cially soprano. Remember this when buying a phonograph, and insist that soprano records he played. Note, then, how most instruments vibrate, sound "metallic" when the higher notes are reached. Then hear the same records on The Brunswick. Hear the full range of "high notes." Soprano High "C" in ringing intensity, without slightest "metallic" intrusion--clear-toned, vibrationless! And you will marvel at difference so great in phonographs. Note: New Brunswick Rec- ords are on advance sale at all Brunswick dealers on the 16th of each month in the East, and in Denver and the West on the 20th. Exclusive methods the reason By means of exclusive methods of Reproduction and of Interpretation, Brunswick achieves perfect rendition of the so-called "difficult" tones--the piano, the harp, the human voice. Methods which apply to no other phonographs or records. The Brunswick Method of Reproduction is exclusively Brunswick. The Brunswick Method of Interpretation, in producing records, has not been successfully imitated. Hence, buying any phonograph without at least hearing The Brunswick is a mistake. And to be with- out Brunswick Records is to be without what is best in music. Ask your nearest Brunswick dealer for a demonstru. tion. The Brunswick plays all records, and Brunswick Records can be played on any phonograph. Hear, com- pare---then judge for yourself. THE BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COLLENDER CO.. Chicairo Manufacturers--Established 1845 BRUNSWICK PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS Each month Brunswick releases from three to six Super feature records--the best phonoraphic music of the month. The current release presents three Metropolitan Opera Com pany's stars, two of whom, Florence Easton and Giuseppe Danisi make their debut as exclusive Brunswick artists on these records. A notable release. 30011--Ave Marla (Bach-Gouned)............Florence Easton 30010--Dl Provenza II mar (Verdi's "Traviata." Act II. Scene 1............................Giuseppe Danisi 100-10--Dreams of Long Aoo (Carroll-Caruso)... Mario Chamlee NOTE--The above records are on sale at all Brunswick dealer: in conveniently packed envelopes of three--price $4.00. Or singly if desired. Hear them by all means. Any phonograph con play Brunswick Records © B. B. C. Co.. 1921 Hear These Brunswick Super-Feature Records 