70 Fear private secretary. Landis never could see the need of one. I even had trouble persuading him to hire enough stenog- raphers. He wasn't tight--he just couldn't see the need of them. But I insisted on the secretary idea. I needed one; it wasn't a question of style; so Brentwood came in with me from the main office. You know what he looked like re- cently. Then he was only about 25, and he was handsome. He had played foot- ball at college--fenced, t8o, I believe. He showed the results of both in his size and manner. He was one of those men who look like statues or models for clothes advertisements. I believe that was one reason I took him. I didn't go to college myself. Didn't have time-- had to make money. Brentwood was always well-dressed. He wasn't making much, but I believe he had a small income from some money an aunt had left him. Besides that I hadn't heard then of any vices he had. Of course, he took a drink now and then and he smoked, but no one ever called him a spendthrift. He had a social posi- tion-- I didn't--and he went places then I couldn't get in. I never wanted to. Don't get the idea I was jealous about that. I got everything in the world I wanted, even if I did have to pay for them. I wanted money, because money was power and power was my dream. I have both. At least I had them until last night. Whatever had made me bring Brent- wood into my office as private secretary, he justified my choice before he had been with me a week. He started right in taking minor details off my ha'nds. I had more time for getting some of my big plans straightened out. But the size of my plans didn't help me any. Landis was a fool. If we made six per cent he was satisfied. If we made eight he thought we were beginning to speculate, and if we made ten, which happened as often as he let me have my way, he thought it was il- legal. I wonder what the old man would say if he had lived until now. I wasn't going to be tied down to a rock like that, and by the time Brent- wood had been with me a year I had too much time on my hands to stand it any longer. Then I hit on the scheme. I would have preferred to do it with Landis. He had been good to me, but what I had in mind I couldn't even talk to him about. He would have fixed it so I couldn't get in with anyone else. I needed his money and other things he had. They made the thing possible so I went after someone else. Even though Landis wouldn't listen, other firms had been getting a line on me. Whenever the firm put over any- thing big they all I knew I did it. You remember Old Tom King. Crooked as a snake, but he knew how to make money. I had met him at lunch once or twice, but he had kept track of me, I knew, from things he said. He never ate anything but crackers and milk. He saw me order the same one day, so he took more interest in me. I thought he would. When I decided it was time to put over my scheme, I picked out King for the second man. It took two of us. I knew he would be the best I could find and he would be willing to do it, too. But I had to tie him up some way. I had made up my mind that I would double-cross Landis if I had to, but I was going to protect myself. I went to King's house one night and told him my plan. Not all of it, just enough for him to see that it would work if properly handled. He wanted to know everything, but I wouldn't tell him unless he consented to sign an agreement to put the thing through. That agreement was a risky thing, be- cause what we were going to do would 