100 The Dark Brown Dress "--and that in the person of the jani- tor he was able to intercept the telegram the receipt of which would have ruined his chances of being named in the will, and that in the person of the doctor he was able to commit the murder at the proper time and without any great out- cry." "Mr. Meroe," said Larkin suddenly, "most of what you have given us, clever and coherent though it is, is mere theory. Have you proof of what you say ? Can you lead us to the murderer?" "If the case ended at that point I would not have proof of what I say. I would not be able to lead you to the mur- derer. But Roderick Latimer did not stop there. He went a step farther. He went a step too far. In an effort to protect himself without having to, flee the country entirely he had conceived a plan which was entirely too perfect for him to carry out without a flaw. He knew that the best way to escape de- tection and still be on the ground until such time as it was safe for him to re- sume the character of Roderick Latimer, pay his debts, and take up the life of a wealthy and righteous citizen--was to be right under the nose and on the side of the detector. This would have been very successful had he been the master- mind to think of all the details at once. He was not that perfect master-mind. And now, Lee Harmon, Dr. Kramer, Roderick Latimer and Henry Grover, what have you to say for yourself ?" IV There was a general outcry of as- tonishment. Henry Grover looked about him and up at Meroe in utter amaze- ment. There was another sarcastic smile on the face of Larkin. "You would look more like yourself without that on," said Meroe, reaching for the hair which grew out of the mole above Grover's left eye, but it did not budge. Grover uttered an exclamation of pain and arose in indignation. "Come out of it, Latimer," said Meroe. "It will not help you now to put up a bluff. You came to me at six- thirty. You were in a hurry as you ac- costed the telephone girl at the Charles- gate Club. You were not in a hurry when once you had entered my room. You made your story entirely too dramatic to get away with it naturally. You described the woman as having slightly gray hair and a dark brown dress. It was when I found that her hair was really only slightly gray and that her dress was a very dark brown that I got the hunch about your whole game. I defy any man to sit in your room at the Buckminster and tell Mrs. Brentore's dark brown dress from a black one while it is hanging over a chair in the center of this room. And it would be equally impossible to recog- nize her hair as slightly gray without having seen it at very close range. And when I found that the window of Kramer's room at the Braymore opened onto the roof of the Buckminster not far from the stairway leading down to the sixth floor, your floor, I was con- vinced. Also you were too eager to retract your suggestion that a crime had been committed, after seeing the possi- bility of its being considered other- wise. . . ." "Now let's see whether that mole will not come off. It doesn't look quite natural to me. Your ideas of disguise are a bit crude for this day and age. I wish I had seen you as Dr. Kramer and the janitor. . . ." Grover had backed away from Meroe. Suddenly the coroner reached up for the mole. Grover jerked away with another exclamation, but the mole was left be- hind, held up to view in the coroner's fingers. "Do you deny anything that I have said?" asked Meroe, "Do you deny 