110 The Man Who Knew Too Much pioneer, the first human being to rise to godship. And I don't dare. I tell you, I am afraid! What of? I don't know. Not of anything that can hap- pen to this wreck of a body. Not of any hell-and-damnation stuff. Not of pure annihilation. But I am horribly afraid--of something. So much so that I am withholding my foot just as I lift it to take that final step that divides men and gods." "I think you are perfectly right," Ar- buthnot assented in soothing tones. "I'd feel the same way about it myself!" Slade stared at him for a moment before his yellow face broke into a myriad of little wrinkles, and his voice into cracked laughter. "You're only a little fellow in your profession, after all! You think I'm de- mented--even now you're figuring on how to keep me quiet till you can get a message to the Psychopathic Hospital." The alienist went mottled-red. It was precisely what he was thinking-- but he was a man of great dignity, and hated to be mocked even by a lunatic. "You've no right to say that," he par- ried. "I simply agreed with you." "Well--even alienists know enough not to contradict their patients, don't they? You didn't dispute that chap when he told you he had a glass heart! Humor us, my learned friend. Humor us!" Instantly dropping his banter, he leaned forward, his voice falling to a whisper. "What would you say if I told you that I could take any life cell and make of it what I choose? What are the de- termining factors?. Light---heat--mois- ture--food--what we term in general, environment." He touched a thick, leather-bound book on the table. "Here are the formulae, all worked out. What will you, my good Arbuth- not ? An oak tree, or a lizard ? A pretty girl, or a serpent--or, if you like, both in one?" He rose jerkily, and beckoned his visitor to follow him into the other room. Arbuthnot, now thoroughly on his guard against any sudden violence di- rected by Slade against either of them, followed him into a room twice as long as the other, and fitted up as a labora- tory. Even in his anxiety, the extraordi- nary neatness and order of the room caught his notice. There was none of the litter familiar to such places pre- sided over by man, with only vestigial housekeeping instincts. Brass and nickel were gleaming. Test tubes, glass jars, stood in racks or on shelves. Rows of labeled bottles were not sticky or stained by escaping drops of their own con- tents. Tables, floor, walls, showed no trace of dust or grime. A tall three- leaved screen cut off one end of the long room, which was lighted from a sky- light, it being too early to turn on any of the numerous incandescents. Slade crossed over to where, appar- ently, a huge steel safe was set in the wall, and opened the thick door. It swung easily and noiselessly upon its oiled pinions, revealing a closet the height of a tall man, with a perforated disc upon the floor, and a grill of shin- ing rods "extending to the top. Over- head was an oblong box thickly wound with heavy copper wire. A number of dials, indicators and gauges were at- tached to a heavy plate screwed to the inside of the door. Slade turned to the silent physician. "This is my lethal chamber," he ex- plained. "One who enters this steel chest and throws this switch, ceases to exist. He disappears. More scientifi- cally, since in our universe nothing can be destroyed, he is transmuted into ma- terial not identifiable by our imperfect senses. Simply open the door five 