28 Ananias Ltd. lumbia, but he did not know that. Then I found myself facing again that strange loyalty and sentimental- ity in this rough mine-workman that I had found in Dick Garrity, soft- palmed swindler. Could Cryder's swindle be as far- reaching as this, I wondered. Could he possibly have enlisted and coached this man in three days and then bra- zenly left him here alone. I knew that Cryder had never been in the district before. I knew that McGuire, the foreman, was a native of Hope. I knew that all Cryder had done in the camp was to take a few snap- shots after the men he had brought in had started digging and put up a sign he had had painted in Hope. The sign was non-committal. It was merely a white board with black let- tering planted against the face of a huge cliff. "Hectopus Mine," was all it said. Two days later I was again walk- ing the brink of the Fraser River Canyon. I was waiting for Cryder-- reported somewhere in the neighbor- hood--and for a train. A hundred feet below me the same river boiled and swirled. It might have been the same water I had first seen, turning a corner and returning, so eternal was the tumult. It seemed as though the Fraser were composed of liquid hills and valleys, so firmly did the cur- rents force the water into fantastic moulds. Turning a bend in the stream in a longer cast for views, I finally came upon a spectacle that was strangely familiar. Far down below me was a tiny platform made of driftwood on driftwood piles, and upon it perched an Indian with a long spear. His lance darted once into the tumbling water and was withdrawn with a huge fish squirming on its point. A salmon, I knew, and with the knowl- edge came recollection. This was a. picture almost the same as the paint- ing over Cryder's desk. I had wronged the man from the start. Not suckers but game fish; that was his ideal. Even as I looked, another figure clambered to the little platform-- Cryder himself. I could see the In- dian shake his head and motion him back with his hand, but Cryder climbed on and strode out upon the platform. It showed he was new to the country. The little perch was safe enough for the Indian, but under the second man's two hun- dred pounds it buckled, swayed, col- lapsed, and both were thrown into the torrent, fifty yards above me. I have said that I knew at the start that Cryder was no ordinary crook. I have told about the strange senti- mentality of Garrity and McGuire. I have said nothing about my own feel- ings. I doubt if I had analyzed them myself. But I held my breath as I saw him fall and, almost before I knew it, had peeled my coat and plunged into the Fraser after him. I am a rather strong swimmer or I would not be alive to tell this today. The Indian helped me a little at first but Cryder had got a bump on the head and was a drag on both of us. Next minute the Indian was crashed against a rock and only managed to struggle ashore. I finally landed Cryder a mile down the canyon where the current, rather than I, washed us on a sandbar where a Chinaman was stolidly panning out gold. From some place the Chink pro- duced a bottle of alcohol, or gin, I don't know which, and finally Cryder opened his eyes. He did not remem- ber ever having seen me before and was a little "woozy," I suppose. 