50 The Mystery of the One-Legged Man footprints of a one-legged man. Be- cause of his prominence, the police put forth their best efforts to run down his murderer. But these went as unrewarded as had those of their colleagues in York. These two murders happened with- in three months of each other. Then for over a year Peg-Leg was not heard from again. His next appear- ance was in London where on Hemp- stead Heath he stabbed Professor Thomas Belding, the noted authority on Eastern religions. Now I come to the last of Peg- Leg's activities. His final murder occurred here in Camberwell and robbed me of one of my dearest friends. The Reverend Frank Parkington was a bachelor, and with young Harry Fellows, his curate, lived in the old stone vicarage just behind the church of St. Annes. He was in all particu- lars the finest man I have ever known, a brilliant preacher, a good friend, an ardent worker in his chosen field. His home was a rendezvous for a few of us who over a convivial pipe liked to discuss those matters of the day that interested us. On the night of his death we had gathered at his request to meet Captain Charles Wonderly, the Indian explorer who was his guest. We found this fel- low Wonderly a very interesting talker. He had traveled far and seen much and knew how to picture in words what he had seen. With his descriptions and anecdotes he held us interested until well toward mid- night. I remember that I arrived home at about twelve-fifteen. I retired imme- diately. But I did not go to sleep at once as my mind was still full of the Captain Wonderly's stories. Just as I was dozing off I heard the church clock strike two and at the same in- stant there came a violent ringing at my door-bell. I found Harry Fellows awaiting me on my door-step. "Come! Come quickly!" he said in a voice hoarse from excitement. "Dr. Parkington is dead--murdered !" "Murdered! Good heavens, man, are you mad !" I shouted, jstaring into his face that showed pale and haggard in the feeble light of my hall lamp. For answer he reached out and shook me roughly by the shoulder. "Will you come," he said fiercely, "or shall I have to carry you?" Had I not immediately shown signs of obeying his demand, I really be- lieve the young giant would have picked me up and carried me just as I was in pajamas and slippers. His love for Parkington who had been more than a father to him was a strong thing, and at that moment his grief made him less than reasonable. In less than ten minutes we were on the road to the vicarage. As we hur- ried through the still night, Fellows briefly told me what had happened. II After his guests had left, Parking- ton and Captain Wonderly, who was staying for the night, went to their rooms. Because he had some work to finish, Fellows had remained down stairs. At about one-fifteen he was just finishing his writing when he was startled and frightened by the sound of a blood-curdling moan fol- lowed by the sound of someone chok- ing. As soon as he had pulled him- self together, he ran upstairs and instinct guided him to Parkington's room. He knocked at the door and when there was no answer he pushed it open and entered the bedroom. There on his knees beside the bed 