The Prisoner Speaks 11 against me, and poorly paid, he would have been apt, however conscientious he might be, to go through with this trial in a perfunctory manner. That risk would be too great for me to as- - sume. My circumstance is perilous enough as it is. I must avoid every possible weakness. I must compel every element of strength. "I say this with all due respect to His Honor, the Court, and the legal profession which he enlightens and ad- vances as a member, and for which I have the highest admiration and most profound regard. "I have studied for the law myself, but, possibly fortunately for any clients I might have had, I failed to pass the necessary examination for admission to the Bar. Therefore, if I am guiltof technical errors in the conduct of my defense, or overstep the bounds of my rights or propriety, I trust that His Honor will bear with and correct me, in so far as his position on the bench permits. I hope also that you gentlemen will be lenient in your judgment of my mistakes due to ignorance. Other con- sideration, .except that for truth and justice, I neither ask nor desire. "No one can know this case better than I, because no one else has or can have the same vital interest in under- standing its essentials or the signifi- cance of its details. I am not, as a lawyer would be, interested in winning it for the protection of my client, my own reputation and my earned fees. I literally am pleading for both my life and my liberty. And more. I am fighting for the vindication of my honor and standing amongst my fellowmen. "I am accused, gentlemen of the jury, of a most horrible crime. A crime for which, were I guilty, mere hanging would be wholly inadequate punish- ment. Had I committed this abhorrent act, then the ancient rack and wheel, or tearing asunder by wild horses, would be more nearly fitting as expiation. But no expiation is possible in this world for such a deed. Nothing the law can inflict, nothing that I could suf- fer, would serve to lighten the darkness of such a crime by the depth of a shadow. "I say this soberly and with full re- alization of what it means should you gentlemen believe me guilty and so render your verdict. I say to you seri- ously that, were I in your place, and believed me guilty of this crime, I would, the law permitting, wreak some such terrible vengeance upon so base and despicable a wretch as the man who had so stained his hands and soul. "I am not guilty. I thank God I can look you in the face and say that. I am not guilty as charged, and expect to prove my innocence to you beyond the peradventure of a doubt. "You have heard the testimony of the witnesses for the prosecution. I am not blaming them for what they have said. I consider them honest men and women, laboring under a most aw- ful and mistaken conception of the truth. I think they testified according to their understanding and belief. But I know that misunderstanding to be contrary to the facts. I know that be- lief is based on their inability to know those facts. The facts have not been presented to them, either before or dur- ing this trial. The facts have not been laid before you, gentlemen of the jury. Even I do not know all of them, much as I know. Only one man does. I mean that he shall tell. "I shall not, however, cross-examine these well-meaning but deluded wit- nesses who have done their best, and worst, to convict me. I am not suf- ficiently skilful in the ways and art of the clever advocate to do so success- fully. I have no desire to impugn their motives or question their intent. There is a marked distinction, which I want 