38 The Trap Thief cheeks and bare forearms. At sight of him, her eyes brightened. "A drink of water, please?" "Sure thing! Bring fresh water, Jimmie." The man addressed was sitting in a corner shaping a billet of wood with a hunting knife. When he raised his pale, bearded face Ramsey recognized Jimmie Willets, a half-wit whom he had met in the wilderness. "Jimmie's my policeman while Dad's away," the girl volunteered. "There's just my father and me, and for me to be here alone all day while he's at work --I just couldn't! Oh! I forgot! I'm Mary Gage--" "I'm Jack Ramsey, from Honesdale." While Jimmie Willets brought the water and Jack drank of the cool, sweet draft, the young trapper fell into chat with the girl like an old friend. Jack sensed a warm and gracious womanhood and the invitation of one hungry for companionship, while the girl, with that instinctive wisdom as old as womankind, whetted his interest by urging him to talk about himself. "It's a great life I lead here!" he en- thused. "Even the winds blow sweet and clean! I can breathe free, dream free and hope free! This is the Ameri- can's heritage! It's his when the mys- tery of blue distances gets into his heart--" "My! With all those fine thoughts you should have a more romantic name," she teased, an appraising common sense behind her laughter. "It makes me think of Buffalo Bill and Leatherstocking, and savage men hunting wild beasts--I have it! Hereafter, I'll call you 'Lean Jaw'!" He felt the sting of her raillery as he laughed with her. Yet he would not have had it otherwise, longed for it again. "Truly, though," he went on, "in a desert like this you might almost expect to see Indians-- Oh! Don't be fright- ened. You folks and I are the only people here. I've had no company but the skunk, stray mink and what-not that are caught in my traps. Yet I don't get lonely, do you?" "Oh, no!" Was she interested in hunting? Jack thought she might explore the wilder- ness with him and see his traps. "Then you're the man whose traps were stolen?" she asked quickly, as if the words had escaped her unawares. "You know about that?" She went to a dresser and took from it five new steel traps, which she flung on a table at Ramsey's elbow. "They're mine!" he cried. "Stolen lasc night!" "I found them on the road to Hones- dale," she replied. "But that's five miles away! You've been down there so early in the day?" "The thief must have dropped them on his way to town." Swiftly a veil of mistrust had been drawn between them. He was seeking an answer to his doubts with a look as bold as hers had been a moment since. She turned away, a crimson glow mounting to her temples. In the length- ening silence, Jack had no alternative but to thank the girl and go. "She'd have no reason to steal my traps," said Jack to himself as he fol- lowed the trail southward. "If she had, she wouldn't confess it by returning them to me!" "Blind as a bat!" Mary Gage re- marked to Jimmie Willets, as she watched Ramsey go. "He won't guess our secret till he falls head first into it." II Jack lingered over his traps that even- ing till it was almost dark, watching for the return of the thief. There be- ing no sign of one, he finally made his way to his camp. 