The Prisoner Speaks 17 cretion to such an extent that she carried the letter home with her and read it, and then was too frightened, at first, to bring it to the attention of the authorities, as she should have done, as, from my standpoint, it is very fortu- nate that she did not do. "Viewing her action from the strictly technical point of the law there can be, of course, no excuse for this suppres- sion of vitally important evidence on the part of Mrs. Garford. But for the ultimate ends of justice she could not have done better. She should not have taken the letter in the first place. Hav- ing taken and read it she should have, as a matter of duty and right, turned it over to the Prosecuting Attorney. But again I repeat that her technical error in act and judgment was, pos- sibly, the result of that Divine guidance upon which the just administration of the law so often must depend. 'God moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform.' "When I was arrested and indicted for the murder of my wife--the wife whom I loved and love more than I do my hopes for present or future salva- tion--Mrs. Garford was moved by her conscience, she told me, to go to the rector of her church and to him confess what she both had done and refrained from doing. "Again I will state that, if necessary, I will have both Mrs. Garford and the Reverend Mr. Sweyd come upon this stand and repeat under oath, in their own words, the facts that I now am stating as these two persons told them to me. "Moved by his advice, Mrs. Garford consented to visit me in the county jail in company with the rector. There Mrs. Garford told me her story and, rightly or wrongly, gave me this letter which I have retained in my possession ever since. Mrs. Garford recognized the handwriting, knew the author, as did the Reverend Mr. Sweyd, because they were intimately acquainted with both. The man who wrote this letter was--is--one of the vestrymen of St. Luke's church, and in that capacity had written many times to each of them, without failing, those times, to sign his letters. "I now will read this letter, which, though without signature, as correctly stated by Mr. Raggan, is directed, on this envelope which contained it, to 'Mrs. Harriet Smith.' There is no other address given. Simply the name, 'Mrs. Harriet Smith.' The woman who was so brutally murdered. My wife. "It is probable, though that can be only pure supposition, that it was de- livered by hand, either that of the one who wrote it or a messenger of his. I have not been able to discover who car- ried it on its fateful mission. That it was written, sent and received is enough. Enough to prevent the guilty man from escaping the consequences of this and his subsequent acts. A grave lapse from his habitual caution, one of those errors which even the keenest minds make--to their undoing. "I also will state under oath, Your Honor and gentlemen of the jury, that I have positive knowledge of the fact that this letter, while the last, was by no means the first, written to my wife by the same man. It was, in fact, only one of many that I saw with my own eyes in the possession of my wife. "Great stress has been laid in this trial upon what has been called my 'ungovernable temper,' and my threats to do great bodily harm, to kill men who I conceived to be paying unwel- come attentions to my wife. In so far as that refers to one man, it is true. I did threaten to kill him if he continued his insulting persecution. That man was Randolph Raggan. Had I seen this last letter before I left town on the night of the eleventh of November, it B. M.--Dec.--2 