Advertising Tabulator Stops Forced Alignment Fork Minimal Stops Platen Release Carriage Return Spacer Ribbon Ribbon Shift Stencil Cutter Tabulator Bay TYPEWRITER SENSATION! Free Trial--Use as You Pay Send us only $5.00 a month until the low total price of $64.85 is paid, and the machine is yours. This is absolutely the most generous typewriter offer ever made. Do not rent a machine when you can pay $5.00 a month and own one. Think of it--Buying a $100.00 Machine for $64.85. Cash price, $59.85, just a little more than half its original price. L. C. SMITH Model No. 5 Perfect machines. Standard size. Keyboard of Standard Universal arrangement. 42 Keys, writing 84 characters-- universally used In teaching the touch system. The entire line of writing completely visible at all times. has the tabulator, the two color ribbon, with auto- matic reverse, the back spacer, ball bearing type bars, ball bearing carrlage action, ball bearing shift action, In fact every late style feature and modern operating convenience. Comes to you with everything complete; tools, cover, operating book and Instructions-- nothing extra to buy. You cannot imagine the perfection of this beautiful reconstructed typewriter until you have seen It. We have sold thousands of these perfect late style mach- ines at this bargain price and every one of these thousands of satisfied customers had this beautiful, strictly up-to- date machine on five days' free trial before deciding to buy It. We will send It to you F. O. B. Chicago for five days' free trial. It will sell Itself, but if you are not satisfied that this is the greatest typewriter you ever saw, you can return It at our expense. You won't want to return It after you try It, for you cannot equal this wonderful value anywhere. SEND NO MONEY Put In Your Order Now $4.85 AFTER When the typewriter arrives deposit with tho express agent 54.S5 and take the machine BH for five days' trial. If you arc convinced that it is the best typewriter you ever saw keep !t and send us S5.00 a month until our bargain price of $14.85 is paid. If you don't want it, return It to the express agent, receive your 54.85 and return the machine. Wo will pay the return express charges. This machine is nuurantecd Just as If you paid $100.00 for it. It Is standard. Over half a million people own and use these typewriters and think them the best ever manufactured. The supply at this price is limited, the price will probably be raised when next advertisement appears, so don't delay. Fill in the coupon to-day--tho typewriter will be shipped promptly. There Is no red tape. We employ no solicitors--no collectors--no chattel mortgage. It. is simply understood that we retain title to the machine until full $64.85 la paid. You cannot lose. It. Is tho greatest typewriter opportunity you will ever have. Do not send us one cent. Got tho coupon In the mails to-day--sure. SMITH TYPEWRITER SALES CO., 218 N. Wells St., Chicago, Ill. SMITH TYPEWRITER SALES CO., 218 N. Wells St., Chicago, Ill. Ship me the L. C. Smith Model No. 5, F. O. D. Chicago, as described In this advertisement. I will pay you $5.00 monthly as rent until the $60.00 balance of the Special 564.85 sale price Is paid. The title to remain In you until fully paid for. It la understood that I have flve days In which to examine and try the typewriter. If I choose not to keep it I will carefully repack It and return It to tho express agent. It Is understood that you give the standard guarantee. Name................................................... Street Address......................................... City....................................State.......... Occupation or Business................................. "A Woman In Exchange" By Howard Rockey Would you give a wonderfully attractive girl in exchange for a ruby? Not even for the finest ruby in the world, worth a king's ransom? Don't speak too quickly. Read this remarkable story first in December issue of Saucy Stories On Sale November 15th "The Front-Page Hound" By Alice L. Tildesley A story that will keep you giggling and chuckling from beginning to end, and that has sufficient dramatic force to sustain breathless interest throughout. This novelette and ten other remarkable stories are in the December issue of THE FOLLIES A NEW MAGAZINE OF FASCINATING FICTION On Sale Now In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO 