Fit for a King 119 "What business was Adams in?" he demanded of us. "Shipbuilding, you idiot," I an- swered, because he knew as well as I did. "And what business were Hunt and Terwilliger in?" was his second ques- tion. "Airplane spruce--what's the idea?" I grunted in reply. "And the boss's friend. What was his game ? Lawyer, wasn't he, but what kind of clients did he have ?" That set Campbell and me to think- ing. Who were his clients? "Corporation lawyer, wasn't he?" Brierly asked, eagerly. "Handled things in a legal way for big firms, gave ad- vice to big manufacturers, didn't he?" We agreed that he did. "Was he attorney for Adams's ship- yard?" Brierly went on. "He was. Here's his name on the letterhead as one of the directors. He was general Gounsel for Hunt and Terwilliger's lum- ber company, wasn't he? You bet he was and a stockholder in it, too. "Is it just a coincidence or is there anything funny in the fact that all four of these men were big figures in the munition business out here?" Campbell took his feet down from the table and I started scratching my-head as this new angle soaked in. They were in the munition business--all four of them--but who--how--what connec- tion was there between that fact and their mysterious disappearances ? Neither Campbell nor myself are partic- ularly quick thinkers. We sat silently, waiting for Brierly to go on. "Why did these men come out here?" he asked. "Was this place advertised for rent? No. Very few people knew anything about it and you know that Stanwood refused several pretty good offers from people who did know, but whom he didn't want out here for some reason or other. Some people asked to come and were allowed to do so. We know who they were and know that they paid well for the privilege. They got back all right and told some of their friends about the place. "But how did these missing men get out here? Tell me that." I turned to Campbell. He had done most of that end of the investigation and I was not quite sure of this angle of the case myself. "Stanwood invited them," he an- swered. "Sure of that?" asked Brierly. "Positive. He urged all four of them to come. Why? What the devil are you driving at anyway?" For answer, Brierly leaped from his chair and ran softly from the room over to the bedroom wing of the house. He opened the door into the hall noiselessly and disappeared for a moment. "It's all right," he reported as he re- sumed his seat. "Stanwood's in his room, reading." "What of it?" Campbell wanted to know. "Just that we've got to make sure that he stays there or some place else where we can find him when we want him," was the reply. "Go tell Corrigan to keep an extra eye open and then hustle back here." We smoked in silence until Campbell came back and Brierly was ready with a new line of questions. He was a man who thought a lot and let his thoughts sort of simmer in his head until they jelled. Then he was ready to talk and when he talked it was to some purpose. "Who is Stanwood ?" he demanded. "Englishman," I answered. "Sort of upper-class servant. Has worked for Plainfield for years. Gambles, drinks and runs with women when the boss isn't here." "How do you know he's English?" "Well, I don't," I admitted. "But he's been accepted as English here and over 