84 Thornton Smiled Significantly her an audience. He rang for his sec- retary. "Will you see that I am not disturbed for the next ten minutes," he said to Miss Armstrong, when she entered. The girl nodded assent and with- drew. When the door had closed, the woman turned to Thornton, rather mysteriously. "Mr. Thornton, as a live-wire busi- ness man, I believe you're interested in any legitimate proposition promising unusually large financial rewards ?" she began. Thornton breathed a sigh of relief, tinged with disappointment. The wo- man's manner and method of approach had whetted his curiosity and expecta- tions, but he now prepared to listen to the usual harangue of the expert stock salesman. "I'll warn you beforehand," he inter- rupted, "I'm not interested in stocks of any nature." The woman smiled knowingly. "I haven't come to sell you any stock, Mr. Thornton. The proposition I have in mind is something bigger, better, surer. The rewards are--well, tremendous!" She leaned forward suddenly, with an air of utmost confidence. Her voice was almost a whisper, and she glanced occasionally at tle man who had ac- companied her and who was busy fixing the mysterious box in a comfortable position on his lap. "Mr. Thornton," the woman said, in a low voice., "that man there has a de- vice that is destined to earn tremen- dous rewards for its owners!" Thornton glanced at the box on the man's lap with renewed interest. "What is it ?" he asked. "That I cannot divulge at this time. If you are interested, I'll have him ex- plain in detail. It is his own invention, and naturally he is very jealous of his secret. He will let no one into the secret unless there is a probability of their being interested." "Like all inventors," she went on, "he is in need of financial assistance. If he should show his device to you now, you would grasp the secret immediately. Our proposition is this, it will require a considerable amount of capital to float this thing properly, but when you once learn the secret, you will readily agree that it is the surest investment a man 'could possibly make. The question is not whether it is a sure or risky investment--there is no doubt of its feasibility--but a question solely of finances. It will take considerable money, and we do not wish to take up your time or our own unless you are readily able to handle a proposition of this size." "That would, of course, depend en- tirely upon my' own opinion of its merit," Thornton replied, mystified and curious to learn the nature of the device. "Certainly, Mr. Thornton!" the wo- man returned. "We could hardly ex- pect anyone to interest themselves in something they have no confidence in. But it is not a question of confidence-- the moment you learn the secret, you'll agree with us that the potential rewards in it are tremendous! Now, granting that you are interested, would you be able to finance a proposition requiring a considerable sum of money? Could you lay your hands on--say--fifty thousand dollars cash at any moment?" "Double that amount, if the proposi- tion is worth it!" Thornton replied, now really anxious to learn more about the mysterious box on the stranger's lap. "Good !" the woman answered, enthu- siastically. She turned to the man who had accompanied her. "Mr. Parker, will you demonstrate your device to Mr. Thornton?" The man arose and stood by his chair 