Fit for a King 115 him, because in our investigation we started out with Plainfield himself and gradually took in everybody who had had anything to do with the "Aerie." Naturally Stanwood came second, because when the war came on and it was found that the king could not come and Plainfield be- came so busy with his shipping in- terests, he left Stanwood in charge of the house with permission to do as he pleased--practically gave it to him. There used to be some gay old times out there, and Harry Stanwood became well known in all the Puget Sound country for his hospitality at the expense of his boss. It was war time and everybody was more or less on edge with war worry and specu- lation and German spy scares and one thing and another. It seemed to be a great relief to a lot of people to go out to the "Aerie" for a few days and sort of rest up. Out there one could forget the war. Plainfield, himself, was above sus- picion. Stanwood, the financially re- ceptive host of the place, was past fifty years of age, apparently not de- sired for war duty and by his own statements of many years an English- man--a statement borne out by his speech, manner and conversation. Besides that, the State of Washing- ton had voted "dry," but the "Aerie" never seemed to have heard of the law going into effect. Stanwood ran no bar, but the cellar stock was checked against each paying guest and the cellar itself, in a sort of cave under the cliff, was one of the house's principal points of interest. It was big enough to house a regiment--a natural formation in the rock upon which the house was built--and upon those notable occasions when Stan- wood himself was host to his own particular cronies, he frequently ordered supper served underground where the wine and spirits were handy. Not many people knew of the place. I have always doubted if Plainfield ever knew anything at all about what went on there, but among those who did know, the "Aerie" was a cele- brated rendezvous. That was so un- til this newspaper article with its array of gruesome facts threw a dam- per of dark mystery about the whole region, cut off Stanwood's source of revenue and probably hastened the death of Plainfield, which occurred within a few months and before the mystery surrounding his chalet had been solved. II We were really first drawn into the case in a sort of semi-official and confidential capacity. One of the men who had disappeared there- about was a former assistant to a Cabinet officer who still had many friends in Washington. The circum- stances were such that they did not want to call in the regular peace offi- cers of the State of Washington. There was a matter of a little spree and a woman or two involved. We were called in as much- to avoid pub- licity as anything else, but we got in good and deep--we and our old friend, the sea, after we had watched in vain for it to give up a body. I won't mention this man's name. We succeeded in keeping the facts quiet and avoiding scandal even after we found his body. It's the way we have in the service. But you must have read in the newspapers about the others. We found them and we also checked up on the two women found half crazy in the woods. I don't wonder that they were. Naturally, we were first suspicious of the people at the house itself. 