The Finishing Touch By Charles S. Wolfe I A HASTY survey assured Ridgely that he was alone on the star-lit country road. With a sigh of satisfaction, he plunged swiftly into the brush which skirted the roadside. There he paused, alert, until his straining ears convinced him that his movements had been un- observed. Then he made himself com- fortable for his brief vigil. Crouching there, he reviewed mi- nutely his actions so far, and his plans for what was to come. There was~yet time, if he had erred, if there was a flaw, to withdraw quietly. It was merely a matter of waiting for another night. To be confronted with the dam- age wrought by an overlooked trifle when it was too late would be agonizing. And his very confidence disquieted him, made him feel that there was some- thing amiss. Yet he could find no weak link in his carefully forged chain. His left hand, dropping into his coat pocket, found the bottle of cyanide of potas- sium solution securely corked and ready to assume its role. His automatic weighed heavily in the other pocket, well oiled and loaded. The light mask which now covered the upper half of his face was really of no impor- tance; just an extra precaution which discounted the possible, but highly improbable, intrusion of some pedes- trian. The cyanide, he felt sure, no one would be able to trace. Several weeks before he had stolen a couple of small lumps--quite enough for his purpose-- from the private laboratory of a friend who rode the hobby of chemistry. Few people knew of the existence of the little attic laboratory; fewer still were aware of his acquaintance with its owner, and the man himself was igno- rant of the fact that his supply had been levied on. Since the deadly stuff had been dis- solved and bottled, and the bottle scrupulously cleaned, he had taken pains to avoid touching it bare handed. Right now his left hand was gloved with rub- ber. There would be no finger-prints to damn him. Footprints need give him no con- cern. The roadway was dry and reasonably hard. The discoverers of the corpse would quickly obliterate any slight clews of a definite nature that he might thus leave. The keenest of sleuths could examine the scene of his crime to their hearts' content. They would learn nothing. He had made no attempt to establish an alibi. And in this, he was satisfied, he had acted wisely. The business of trying to demonstrate that you were where you were not is, usually, a dan- gerous undertaking. It involves either the employment of confederates or the use of complicated subterfuges which must either function with pre- cision or turn into veritable boome- rangs. The collapsing alibi is too often the royal road to the electric chair. Ridgely knew that there was just one person who could be relied on to be forever silent on this night's work-- himself. Better to take the chance of the authorities being unable to prove that he was on the spot at the time than B. M.--Dec.--3 33 