98 The Dark Brown Dress III There was a murmuring at this, and Meroe waited for it to subside before he continued. "Much of the above information not obtainable here at the Claridge I ob- tained from Frank S. Harding, whom I discovered to be the lawyer engaged to draw up the will. Some of it I have in- ferred as necessary to make the tale co- herent. And now we will approach what I still choose to consider a mystery, from another angle. . . . "It has to do with Henry Grover here, who came to me at six-thirty this morn- ing, over half an hour before Mr. Bar- hart had entered the room. Mr. Grover occupies a room directly opposite this one at the Buckminster. He came to me rather distressed because yesterday af- ternoon at five, or a little after, he had been disturbed by the figure of a woman with slightly gray hair and a dark brown dress who stared at him from this room. Soon he discovered that she was not staring at him, but at a man who was evidently talking to her and whose head he could see above the back of the settee in the window. "It had bothered him so much, how- ever, that he stopped work and went out for a walk. He remained for supper and did not return until dark. Not see- ing a light in this window he presumed that the inmates had retired for the night. But early this morning he dis- covered them in exactly the same posi- tion, the position in which they were found later by Mr. Barhart. Rushing over to the Claridge, he was stopped by the janitor, who laughed at him, called him crazy and refused to allow him to wake up the manager. Not long after this the janitor disappeared. Mr. Grover came to me at six-thirty, told me the story and requested that I accompany him to his room to see for myself. When we arrived we found that the situation had already been discovered, so we made our way to the scene as quickly as possible. "At first my suspicions were aroused at the reluctance with which the house doctor and Mr. Barhart accepted even the remotest suggestion that a crime had been committed. I have since, however, come to the conclusion that it was but a natural instinct on the part of parties interested in the business end of the establishment to avoid encroachment upon its good name." There was a slight bow of acknowl- edgment from Barhart. "It surprised me a great deal to be in- formed that there were absolutely no in- dications of a death other than natural. So I examined the bodies myself, and found what it would be only too easy to overlook, that which I had every rea- son to suspect was the mark of a hypo- dermic needle. There was one on the arm of the woman and one on the leg of the man. "I was therefore doubly surprised and disconcerted when the coroner informed me that there were absolutely no traces of drug or poison. Things had come to my notice which left no doubt whatso- ever in my own mind that the whole thing was a very clever conspiracy or plot, but the whole framework of my theory would fall away if Mr. and Mrs. Brentore had died a natural death. "It all depended upon one fact. When I rushed through to the bedroom a while ago it was to verify this. The bodies were gone. I called up Jordan and asked him to look for the needle marks and tell me if they were situated each of them over a large vein. His answer was 'Yes.' "Now is it not true, Doctor, that if air is introduced into a large vein it may be carried in the venous circulation to the right ventricle, and be then forced by the systole of the latter into the pul- monary artery or its primary branches, 