The Trap Thief 45 turn to Honesdale was unthinkable. The plight of Mary Gage prevented. He would risk his life with these unseen foes, without fear or hesitation, to in- sure her safety. With this conviction came the overwhelming certainty of all she meant to him. Life without her would hereafter be a leaden thing, halt- ing and incomplete. For her he was here! He must see Mary and confront her father, the only one of his enemies whom he knew. He must go at once! But how? His wits, sharpened by the contest, devised a means of escape from the island prison. While building his. new camp, he had salvaged some planks from an aban- doned saw mill. Noiselessly feeling his way toward them, he chose two of the larger ones and crossed to the opposite side of the island. Here he slowly crawled forward on the planks, relaying them from hummock to hummock above the mud and stagnant water. It was slow, uncertain work, but he finally reached the further shore and started riorthward. He approached Gage's cabin with the utmost caution. Two windows, bright with light, tared at him as if enraged. Creeping close to one of them, which was partly open, his back against the wall and face hidden by the shadows of a vine, he could see a section of the interior and hear the murmur of low- pitched voices. One was that of the skulking fellow with the black beard. "Take it from me-- They're on!" he declared. "Someone has played the yellow dog! They have been told all about us; details they could only get by living here and being one of our bunch--" „ "And because you think I'm the yel- low dog, you won't pay my wages-- That it?" snapped Gage. "Hold on-- We would have finished the job and been out of here last week except for this blunder. The fresh kid comes along and learns enough here to put Cox wise. So we stand to lose much more than we owe you. Your girl has queered the deal--" "Indeed!--Indeed I told Jack noth- ing!" Mary pleaded. "He was wide- awake, learned things for himself--" "She did as you said, didn't she?" pro- tested Gage. "Tried to drive Ramsey away--she and Jimmie--till he put his gun on her. No, I worked hard for my money and intend to get it!" "When you've earned it! That's my last word!" snapped the other. "Now if you could get Ramsey--" "What d'ye want ?" asked Gage slow- ly. "You'd have me rid ourselves of the boy by cold-blooded murder?" "If it means your money, our safe- ty--" "Murder!" whispered the girl; then her voice shrilled in protest: "You shan't harm him--I'll prevent that! I won't keep secrets any longer for a crook like you!-- No, not even for my father! I'll find this man, Cox! I'll tell him everything!" "From the way the girl talks," sneered the visitor, "I'd say she wants to marry this Jack Ramsey--" "Yes! I would marry him--" The impulsive words died breathlessly. Her eyes opened wide as she stared at the window. For Jack, unable to control his eagerness, had thrust forward to hear her reply. In paralyzing fear at sight of him, she sat as one entranced. Gage's mocking laugh had drawn at- tention from the girl. The bearded man watched him as he crossed to a shelf, filled his pipe and lighted it. In that brief moment, Jack's face disappeared; Mary's body relaxed. "You realize, Gage," came the visi- tor's even tones, "that after what your daughter has just said, we can't let her go free till our job is done?" 