34 The Finishing Touch to assume the burden of proving that he was not. And, anyway, most of the precautions he had taken were no doubt unneces- sary. They represented merely his forethought in forestalling unlooked for disaster before it occurred. The chances were that the case would be looked on as just what it seemed on the surface--suicide. There would prob- ably be little more than a perfunctory inquiry,'in inquest at which every fact produced would seem to demonstrate conclusively that the man took his own life. Ridgely prided himself that the idea of killing a man by forcing him to kill himself was a master stroke. A man found dtead on the road, dead from the effects of poison, and with the bottle containing that poison clutched tightly in his stiffened hand, is obviously a suicide. There is no rea- son to suspect foul play unless someone is known to have a strong motive for putting the unfortunate one out of the way. And, to the best of Ridgely's knowledge and belief, Maury hadn't an enemy in the world--save himself. And, thanks to his consistent and flawless dissimulation, his secret was his own. Outwardly he had been quite friendly with Maury. Not too friendly --just enough so to be counted really indifferent. In the rare event of mur- der being suspected and a murderer sought for, there would be no reason for alarm. One other only might possibly con- nect him with the night's events. Maury's wife! Jean Maury and Ridgely shared a rather guilty secret. She could assign to him a motive. But here again he was confident that per- fect technique had practically nullified the danger of aroused suspicion. By guarding every word, by well planned and controlled actions, he had assured her belief that he--like herself--was a harmless flirt. Not once had she been permitted to glimpse the terrible passion that was his; never had she been al- lowed to plumb the depths of his crafty and daring nature. He was safe on that score. Under the pretence of care- fully guarding her reputation he had concealed their affair, from outsiders, and to her herself he had made the mat- ter, seem trivial. There was one circumstance, how- ever, that might cause comment. And as he thought of it, Ridgely grinned. While it was true that no one, appar- ently, had a motive for slaying Maury, it was equally true that the man had no apparent motive for killing himself. Happy, care-free, comfortably wealthy and well satisfied with life, people might wonder that he should court death. Ridgely grinned. For it was to this, to his mind, the weakest point of his whole coup, that he had devoted the most thought, expended the greatest effort. He had supplied the motive! Here was the artistic triumph of the whole thing. Here was the finishing touch. For the suspicions of the authorities would be allayed before they were aroused. During the three months that he had known the Maurys he had quietly, unobstrusively collected speci- mens of John Maury's handwriting. And by diligent practice he had enabled himself to imitate the man's scrawl so perfectly that he had no fear of the fraud being detected. Not only the writing itself had he studied minutely, but the style, the tricks of speech. Be- yond doubt, the missive he had evolved with so much care would pass unques- tioned as the dead man's own work. He drew forth an envelope, and by the light of his electric torch scrutinized with pride and satisfaction the letter he had written. The envelope was ad- dressed to Mrs. John Maury: My Dear Jean: I am sorry, terribly sorry, for the notoriety 