the argosy VOLUME XXIV. APRIL, 1897, TO JULY, 1897 NEW YORK: FRANK A. MUNSNY, Publisher, III Fifth Avenue. 1897.INDEX TO VOLUME XXIV. COMPLETE NOVELS. CAMPAIGN OF STRATEGY, A SECRET OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC, A TARGET OF FATE, THE TRACK OF MIDNIGHT, THE - Latham C. Carleton W. Beet Foster - George King Whitmore G,	Firth Scott - page -	577 -	38 5 1 -	193 SERIAL STORIES. BUNKEL MYSTERY, THE BY RIGHT OF SWORD - GOLD DELUGE, THE - LIVING IT DOWN - MAJOR’S PLOT, THE - MONTH IN THE MOON, A MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD, THE RIVER OF DARKNESS, THE - Oliver Optic Arthur W. Marchmont Otto M. Moeller Talbot Baines Reed - 64, 301, 501, 717 - 625 458,674 165, 370 William Murray Gkaydon - - 151 A. Laurie	86, 323, 527,745 Harry Collingwood - 121, 351. 552 William Murray Graydon - 274, 481,691 SHORT STORIES. CAPTURED BY SLAVES CONSPIRACY OF THE CATACOMBS, A COURAGEOUS COWARD, A - CUBAN HOLD UP, A - GENERAL’S EMISSARY, THE - HE WHO LAUGHED LAST - HOODOO SAM - IN JEOPARDY FROM DIAMONDS - JEM’S WAY ----- MOTHER OF THE WATERS, THE - OVER THE DANGER LINE - RUNNING THE GAUNTLET - SINGING TEACHER, THE TALE OF TWO HOTELS, A THAT MAY APPLE - TRADE DOLLAR TRAGEDY, A UNCLE BENJAMIN’S PAST WEIRD INTERVAL. A - William Murray Graydon -	- 687 Edith Elmer Wood -	-	- 542 Charles A. McDougall	-	- 382 Fred A. Ober - -	-	- 113 Parker C. Palmer -	-	- 142 H.	L. Ellinger ----- 477 Mary E. Bryan - -	-	- 734 J. H. Connelly -	-	- 55 J. Henderson -	187 W. Bert Foster	-	- 710 E. Z. Burns - -	-	- 574 Lizabeth A. P. New -	667 Charles Sloan Reid -	-	- 318 John B. Hawes - -	-	- 766 J. H. Connelly - -	-	- 447 Phillips McClure -	-	- 293 J. H. Connelly - -	-	- 344 Matthew White, Jr. -	-	- 518INDEX TO VOLUME XXIV POEMS. PAGE ARITHMETICAL PUZZLE, AN	---------- ISO CONTENTMENT -------------457 FAIRY TALE, A------- - - ----384 EOX HUNTER, THE - - - - - - - “ " ~	" 480 HER SMILE	------ S. Decatur Smith- - - - TOO HERO. THE -------------- 541 IDYL, AN - - ----- Walter H. Hanway - - - 85 LOOK WITHIN - - - - - - D. C. Colesworthy - - - 54 PLUNGE, THE ------------- 332 PRAIRIE VOICES ------ Emma Playter Seabury - - 744 RED ROSE, THE - - - - - - B. M. Wilson - - - - 551 SLEEP’S FAVORITE ------------ 369 WHEN LOVE BEGINS ----- Nathan M. Levy - - - - 381THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION. position. We give full information free about government appointments, salaries, dates of ex¬ aminations, and everytliing you need to know. We give instruction by mail to enable our stu¬ dents to pass examinations with high percent- : age. Write us at once about it. 1 NATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE INSTITUTE, i (Incorporated.) 2d National Bink Bldgr., Washington, D. C. ' gjUIUIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIIlllIIIIllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllIIIIIlIIlIlllIlllUllllIlllllIIIIillll^ §| pays the bill when you buy shade rollers, = = See to it that you are satisfied. Nevermind ^ = what the dealer wants you to buy.	= |	THE IMPROVED	| I Hartshorn (Shade Roller! H has end fittings, which make it revolve on e§ = an exact centre. No tacks are needed to = = attach the shade. Ask your dealer to show = = you the Improved with holders, and see that h H the Stewart Hartshorn autograph is on label. ^ § Wood Rollers. Tin Rollers. | HllllllllIllIIIllIIllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllVllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIirUIUiB Not even a Screwdriver is necessary to take the Marlin Repeater, . Model 1892, apart. All you have to do is Unscrew a Thumb Screw. This is the Model that in 22 calibre uses three different 22 calibre cartridges—the 22 short, 22 long and 22 long rifle. In 32 it uses the 32 short and long, rim and center fire. But we have a new Rifle, the Model 1897, 22 calibre Take Down. This you can clean without taking apart. Just the thing to carry on a bicycle for a good day’s sport. Send for Complete Catalogue. The Marlin Fire Arms Go ■ NE'coNANVEN’ What Use plicit directions, without a is a road map, or the most ex- CYCLOMETER to show exactly how far you have ridden* Actual Size. Price, $1.50. Weicht, I oz. VEEDER MFG. The Veeder has banished all other forms of cyclometer, and its success has aroused imitations that resemble it only in appearance. Be sure your purchase bears the name that assures perfection— VEEDER. At all Dealers. Booklet Free. CO., Hartford, Conn. IT IS DUST PROOF, WATER PROOF, POSITIVELY ACCURATE.THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION. Ask for the genuine JOHANN HOFF’S MALT EXTRACT. All Others are Worthless Imitations. Cbauticey tin Depew WRITES: GRAND CENTRAL DEPOT, \ December 16, 1895. / EISNER & MENDELSON CO. Gentlemen:—The genuine JOHANN HOFF’S MALT EX= TRACT has been used in my family for some years. 2 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCJOOOOOOOOOOO' SPECIAL OFFER ON BOONO VOLUMES —OF- The Argosy Vols. XVIII, XIX, XX, XXI, XXII, and XXIII, the series from the beginning of the monthly form, PRICE ONE DOLLAR EACH, or the complete set of six volumes for $5.00. Over 650 pages in each volume. Serial stories by favorite writers, including Oliver Optic, Horatio Alger, Jr., Edward S. Ellis, William Murray Graydon, W. Bert Foster, Matthew White, Jr., William D. Moffat, Guy Wetmore Carryl, and others. Special articles on a wide variety of subjects, short stories, complete novels, etc. In ordering any of the above volumes to be sent by mail, 50 cents in addition must be inclosed to pay postage on each book, except Vol. XXIII, which requires 34 cents. When sent by express, expressage is paid by receiver. FRANK A. MUNSEY, 111 Fifth Avenue, New York. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooc lOOOOlTHE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION. tin ■ ■ M You work right around home.* A fe ■ ■ ■ ■ brand new tiling. No trouble to KW ■ KS make$18a. week. Write to us quick, you v. i 11 be surprised at how easy it can be done. Send us yovir address any way. It will be for your interest to investigate. Write to-day. You can positively make $18 a weex easy. royal Manufacturing oo„ boxt.x.. Detroit, mich. Hign Grade Bicycles v for Men,Women,Girls & vBoys. Complete line at lilowpst prices ever quoted, |J$100 ‘Oakwood* for $4 5.00 /$85 ‘Arlington* “ $37.50 $55 “ « $25.00 $20 Bicycle «« $10.75 $75 ‘Haywood* Simplest, Strongest Bicycle on Earth “ $32.00 Fully guaranteed. Shipped anywhere C.O.D. with privi- lege to examine. No money in advance. Buy direct from manufacturers, save agents and dealers profits. Large illustrated catalogue free. Address (in full), CashBuyers’Union,J62W.VanBurenSt.B358Chicago “ The Affair at Islington, a Novel, By MATTHEW WHITE, Jr. ^niform. in style and price with “A Princess and a Woman.” The plot concerns itself with a man, his wife, and his old love. Handsomely bound in cloth, price 25 cents. For sale by book dealers generally, or will be sent postpaid by the publisher. FRANK A. MUNSEY, ur Fifth Avenue, New York. hildren •••« T eething Mrs. Winslow’s	j Soothing Syrup	J ers for their Children while Teething,	J with Perfect Success. It Soothes the	• Child,Softens the Gums, Allays all Pain,	• Cures Wind Colic, and is the best rem-	« edy for Diarrhoea.	• Sold by druggists in every part- of the world. ® Twenty-five cents a bottle. J T MOW ) WE OUR ( BICYCLES IT TOOK JUST TWO WEEKS FROM THE VERY DAY WE WROTE FOR FIRST CIRCULAR." WCl T^£ifwants to introduce his TEAS, • 'J* uaKCI SPICES, and BAKING POW- DER. You can help him and he will pay you well. Just go among your friends and sell a mixed order amount- ing in total to 200 lbs. for a Ladies’ or Gents’ High-Grade Bicycle: or sell 75 lbs. for a Boys’ Bicycle; 100 lbs. for a Girls’ Bicycle; 30 lbs. for a Fairy Tricycle; 50 lbs. for a Waltham Gold Watch and Chain or a Decorated Dinner Set; 25 lbs. for a Solid Silver Watch and Chain ; 10 lbs. for a Solid Gold Ring; 25 lbs. for an Autoharp; 10 lbs. for a Crescent Camera ; 90 lbs. for a Sewing Machine. These articles are within the reach of many Ladies and Gentlemen and of many bright Boys and Girls. Mr. Baker pays the express of freight if cash is sent with order. Write your full address on postal for Catalogue, Order- sheet and particulars, and mail it to W. G. BAKER (Dept. G), Springfield, Mass. In answering any advertisement 071 this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.THE ARCOS} —A D VERTIS/NG SECTR >. V. It? “Quad” Camera INEXPENSIVE and 44 m # iiiii COMPLETE for. .. f ffff No Extra Charge The advertisements of a great many of the so-called $5.00 Cameras are intended to deceive the purchaser and we have no doubt they do, sometimes. They claim to sell a camera for $5.00 to hold almost any number of plates, but when you send your $5.00 you get one plateholder with a capacity of two plates and a quiet notice to send from $1.00 to $4.00 extra for more plateholders to make your camera complete. The “ QUAD ” holds four plateholders and YOU GET THEM ALL FOR $5.00. Makes a picture nearly as large as a half page of this magazine. Don’t purchase a camera until you receive the “ Quad ” booklet and sample picture, guaranteed to be made with the “ Quad ” and not taken out of the center of an 8 x 10 negative. Send 2 cents in stamps to EDWARD 0. CONE, 811 Champlain Bldg., Chicago •ALL K/.^sii>pLlES?ATELR WESTERN BRANCH, 927 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. E. & H. T. ANTHONY & CO., 591 Broadway, New York, -	Easten Trade Agents for the “Quad.” ARE YOU" Too Fat? If so, why not reduce your weight and be comfortable. Obesity predisposes to IIE A DT DISEASE Paralysis, Liver Diseases, Constipation,	IwkHwbi Rheumatism, Apoplexy, etc., and is not only dangerous, but extremely annoying to people of refined taste. It’s a mistake not to reduce 3’our weight, if too great. We do not care how many REDUCTION remedies you may have taken without success, we have a treatment that will reduce weight, as thousands can testify. It is simple, safe, pleasant to take and not expensive. The following are a few of thousands who have been reduced in weight and greatly improved in health by its use: Mrs. E. BROWN, ' Weston, Ohio, says: “ It is an ex- . cellent flesh reducer and has im- proved my health wonderfully.” ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ Mr. C. E. Purdue, Springfield, 111. Mrs. M. M. Cummins, Ottawa, 111. Miss M. Hoisington, Lake View, Mich. Mr. W. A. Pollock, Hartington, Neb. - Miss M. Nobles, Racine, Wis. REDUCED • 135 11>« -	78 66 -	50 “ -	50 “ -	54 66 Mrs. M. Cheek, Valley Mills, Texas - Mrs. J. B. Hyde, Movequa, 111. H. Rossette, Ono, California Ellen Ridgeway, Vai dalia, Iowa, Maria Wall, Ferry, Mich. - REDUCED -	74II>* -	52 46 -	85 -	60 “ -	65 “ We will give $100 IX GOLD to anyone who can prove that any of our testimonials are not genuine. DON’T do anything or take anj'thing until you hear from us ; we have something im- portant to tell you about how to MAlvlS KEMEDY AT HOME at a trifling cost and also other valuable information. To any reader of this paper who will write to us at once we will send full particulars and a few days’ TREATMENT FREE OF THE HALL OBESITY CURE in a plain sealed package upon receipt of 4 cents to cover postage, etc., or a full size box for $1.00 postpaid. Correspondence strictly confidential. HAL.L. & GO., I__K. Box A04, St. Louis, Mo. s L 5 $i.< ¥¥¥¥ 5 I ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ S ¥ V uTHE ARGOSY. Vol. XXIII.	MARCH, 1897.	No. 6. AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. The astounding abduction of John Roberts on his way to join the woman who is to become his wife—What came of a chance meeting on a railroad journey—The part played by hypnotism in the pursuit of the conspirators. (Complete in This Issue.) Chapter I.—A Swiftly Conceived Plot. "DIG, bluff J0I111 Roberts, en route from Chicago to New York, stopped at Buffalo for some business reason, intending to continue his journey by the next train. But 011 the street he accidentally encountered an acquaintance he had not seen for three or four years, a shrewd looking, ferret faced little fellow—Ernest Mettre- The intimacy between the two men had never amounted to more than mere acquaintanceship and Roberts had, at one time, a suspicion that the Frenchman—as Mettre professed himself—was something of a scamp. Nevertheless, some scamps are amusing, interesting, and enjoy the fortune therefore of being leniently tolerated by easy going men of the world, who happen to have no personal ground of complaint against them, Mettre was one of that kind, and Roberts would have needed to be more churlish than was his nature, not to have reciprocated, in some degree, the effusive warmth of welcome with which he was greeted. And, indeed, he really knew nothing against the little-man. Bven his vague suspicion was only second hand and not a feeling likely to find permanent lodgment in his kindly heart. In the course of their conversation, Mettre soon learned that Mr, Roberts had closed out all his large lumber interests in the West and was on his way to the metropolis, presumably to find some better investment for his capital, though he did not exactly say so. “ Why ! ” exclaimed Mettre, “ I also am just about going to New York, If you wait over until tomorrow, we can go on together.” “ I.did intend taking tonight’s train,” Mr. Roberts replied hesitatingly. “I would not think of deranging your plans, if I could get my wife started on such notice ; but you know how women are. She could not pos- sibly be ready before tomorrow. And I would like to have your company. What are a few hours to you any way ? Wait over and let us go together. I’m sure it would please my wife very much.” (A) *  962 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. “ I did not know you were married.” “ No? Well, I never have made parade of my domestic affairs. My wife is one of the best women in the world, but a liomekeeping little body. And I have always been disposed to keep my home life and my affairs among men quite apart. The domestic hearth is sacred to me. I suppose you will think me a sentimental Frenchman for saying so, but that is my way.” “ Indeed, I think better of you for it than I ever did before,” answered John Roberts bluntly. ‘' Happy the man should be who has a home life. I have had none since the death of my parents, when I was a lad. I don’t even know that I have relatives nearer than forty second cousins whom I have not heard of for a dozen years.” “ Yet you go on all the time working hard to get yourself more rich. Why? ” “ Primarily from habit, I suppose; a habit acquired when it was a necessity of existence. And wealth may come handy by and by. I guess it will.” His voice took a softer tone, and there was a dreamy expression in his eyes as he uttered that expectation of the future. ‘ ‘ Come ! ’ ’ said Mettre urgently. ‘1 Say that you will wait over and dine with me. I have set my heart upon our dining together. It shall be as you like. Either we will go and have a formal feast in grand style at the club, or we will take our chances of what Madame Mettre" will be able to give us at my home.” ‘ ‘ My preference certainly would be for the latter. ’ ’ “ Is it so ? Then you are a man of heart, like me. And perhaps we shall not be the worse off. Madame Mettre knows well how to keep the house and though we live plainly it is not badly.” Mr. Roberts ended by resigning himself to the program arranged by his chance companion, whom lie accompanied to his home, a small but well furnished cottage a little way out from the busy portion of the city. Madame Mettre met with his approval, Without being really pretty, her features were pleasing and brightened up agreeably in the animation of conversation. In the dining room, where the light was stronger, he fancied that her eyes had rather a hard, steely glitter and that her lips seemed thinner and straighter than would be expected as indicative of perfect amiability, but that, Roberts reflected philosophically, was a matter that need concern nobody but her hus- band. The dinner was plain, but good and passed off quite pleasantly. When Mr. Roberts took his leave, it was arranged that the Mettres should call for him the next morning at the hotel where he had elected to spend the night, and they would go to the station together. At the appointed hour, their carriage—with a big new trunk strapped be- hind—stopped at the hotel door, where he waited, valise in hand, and taking him up went on. Roberts was unaware that the new trunk bore, upon the end turned away from him as the carriage stopped at the curb, a large black letter “ R,” not an “ M,” as would naturally have been expected. When they reached the station, M. Mettre said : “ Will you be so good as to see madame to the waiting room, while I look after the baggage? ” OfAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 963 course Mr. Roberts did so and the husband disappeared. In a few moments he returned to them in haste, saying : “ The train is due and I have to see to the weighing of that trunk. I fear it is over weight, my dear. Here is madame's ticket, Mr. Roberts, and here, the ticket for a section of the parlor car that I have taken that we may sit together in comfort. You will kindly see madame aboard if I am delayed ? Thanks ! Now I go again to that blessed trunk.” And once more he ran away. So it was that when the train rolled in, Mr. Roberts went aboard with the lady, who clung very closely to him because as she said, the noise and bustle all about made her nervous, and the porter who conducted him to the en- gaged section naturally supposed them a married couple. That was also the impression in the mind of the parlor car conductor, who took up the section ticket; and in that of the train conductor, who punched together the two tickets tendered to him by Mr. Roberts, one a “lay over” and the other a “ through to New York.” Not until after that did M. Mettre put in his ap- pearance. His ticket had been punched in the smoking car where he had gone to soothe his nerves with a cigarette after his annoyance with the over weight trunk. During the day the trio remained together, chatting, reading newspapers, dining and supping, yet in all that time 110 one in the car would have sus- pected from Madame Mettre’s manner that she belonged to the little man, or from his demeanor that he was anything more than a friend. Night had fallen when the two men went to the smoking compartment and the lady, comfortably nestled, in a big arm chair, seemed to fall asleep while looking out upon the Hudson. The train was nearing Spuyten Duyvil, when Roberts and Mettre found themselves the sole occupants of the smoking room and the latter remarked :	« “ We will soon arrive and, as it may be chilly passing from this hot car to the night air, would it not be a good idea for us to take a little prudential dose of brandy—now?” “ Not a half bad idea,” replied Roberts, reaching toward the electric button to summon the porter. “No; do not do that,” interposed the Frenchman, “ I will get Rosa’s flask. She always carries a little brandy for medicinal purposes, and I am sure it is very much better than any we would be likely to get from the buffet.” He went out and in a few moments returned, bringing a small silver flask and a glass of water he had drawn from the cooler. As his hand covered the flask, it could not have been seen by any one that the oval silver cup covering its lower half did not fit closely, but was held full half an inch below its proper place. Mettre gave the glass of water to his companion, thus depriving him of the use of one hand for manipulation of the flask. Then, as he himself had both hands free, it was quite natural that he should unscrew the cap, take the cup from the bottom and pour into it the brandy for his friend, uttering as he did so the time honored Western query: “Say when.” “When!” ejaculated Roberts, and Mettre handed him the cup. The big man drank the contents, poured into the cup some water from the glass964 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. and drank that. Then the Frenchman took the cup, poured from the flask into it and took his drink, with a sip afterward from the glass, which he then returned to its place in the rack beside the cooler. Mr. Roberts sank into a comfortable angle of the well padded sofa and Mettre, pocketing the flask, seated himself in a chair. 1 ‘ Do you know where you will put up ? ” asked the latter. “ At the Fifth Avenue, I suppose. I generally go there.” He went on talking, or trying to talk, but drowsiness seemed mastering him. His words came slowly, were disconnected, presently ceased altogether and he sank back in torpor. The Frenchman glanced at the door to see that they were still alone, then reached forward and shook his companion’s shoulder, called his name and lifted one of his eyelids to see the dull unconscious stare that was like a dead man’s, the conclusive evidence of perfect insensibility. Satisfied of his condition, Mettre with deft, skilful fingers drew from the pockets of the corpse like sleeper his baggage checks, keys, a big well filled wallet and even a roll of bills. Then, with a triumphant smile, he settled himself in his chair and also seemed to sleep. Hardly had he so disposed himself when the conductor entered, passed him and shook Mr. Roberts lightly, saying “ Your wife wishes to see you, sir.” Mettre, affecting to be awakened by the intrusion, sat up, asking dazedly “Hello! What’s the matter? Where are we?” He spoke like one still confused by sleep. “Just entering the tunnel, sir,” answered the conductor. “The lady wishes to see her husband. ’ ’ “Oh! Jack! I say, Jack ! Your wife wants you,” cried the French- man, reaching forward and shaking his companion, but without effect. “ Why ! ” he exclaimed, “ Something seems to be tfee matter with him ! He has fainted ! Call his wife.” The conductor hastened to summon the woman, who came running to the door of the smoking room and at sight of the victim, shrieked, then fell upon her knees beside him crying: “Oh! My poor husband! He has had another stroke. ’ ’ Chapter II.—The Strange Intuitions of Ethel Holly. Three years prior to the incidents just narrated, John Roberts, a prosper- ous lumber dealer in Chicago, found himself compelled to go into the lime and cement trade. He had taken for a bad debt a couple of lime kilns, fancying that he would be able to dispose of them readily at the low valuation he put upon them, but no purchaser appeared and, as he was too good a business man to let a productive plant lie idle, he kept it going and made it pay. But the occupation was distasteful to him. He knew nothing- about lime and cement, and didn’t want to. The semi retail character of the trade annoyed him. Waiting for petty orders, and filling them, took too much of his time for all the profit there was in them, and he rued the unlucky day in which he first became a lime kiln man. That was only in the beginning, however. Eater, he learned to look backAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 96s upon it as a red letter day, one of tlie happiest of his life. Yet there had not, while his views were undergoing that transformation, been any change in the business to make it any more enjoyable. Deck Brown said to him one morning when urging him to leave his office and go duck shooting down on the Grand Calumet: “ You’re a fool to stay here and do the work of a ten dollar a week clerk, just for all there is in your blamed lime and cement business. But for that you could go as you pleased, for there’s nothing doing in lumber at this season. Get a clerk.” “Good; yes. I’ll hire a young man tomorrow. ” “ Well; I don’t know that I’d hire a young man. How does the idea of a typewriter girl strike you ? ’ ’ “ Unfavorably. ' ’ “Ah! That’s because you haven’t considered it. Let’s do so now. There isn’t occupation here enough for a man. Lonesome idleness would drive him to hard drink and if he knew j'ou were out of town he would prob- ably spend most of his time over in Brunswick’s playing billiards. But a girl you could depend upon staying right here to receive orders and fill them. She would find plenty of occupation fixing her hair and reading novels, and playing solitaire under the raised lid of her desk. She would get your letters out in modern style and would not be likely to pick up pointers about your business and give them away. Her presence would temper the gaiety of speech among the boys who might drop in to see you and improve the moral atmosphere. And viewed as an office decoration, you know no young man will stand comparison with even a moderately pretty girl.” “That will do, Deck. I give in, and will advertise for a typewriter tomorrow. ’ ’ So he did and received a peck of applications for the place. Half a dozen of the letters he selected as more promising than the others, but among them he could make no choice and the thought of a personal selection, involving telling several young women they “would not do,” was too appalling to be entertained. A happy idea occurred to him. Numbering the letters consec- utively, he put corresponding numbers in his hat, drew out one, and in sub- missive obedience to fate, wrote to “ No. 3 ” requesting her to call. At his first sight of “ No. 3 ” Roberts felicitated himself that he had not drawn some other number. She was a tall, slender girl, with delicate features. Her complexion was of singular purity and her large, liquid eyes, of hazel tint, had the strange look of serious innocence seldom seen except in the eyes of young children. Ethel Holly was the name she gave. She was an orphan, had learned phonography and typewriting as a means of self support and had 110 practical experience, this being the first position for which she had ventured to make application. Would she be satisfied with a salary of ten dollars a week ? It was more, she feared, than her services would be worth. John Roberts thought to himself, it would be worth that just to see her around, but merely said he would not think of paying less. And the poor girl’s expressive face showed such happiness in her good fortune that Roberts secretly wished he had named a higher figure.966 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. The next morning Ethel entered upon her simple duties which she com- prehended at once and discharged with conscientious fidelity. “She is a jewel ! ” said John Roberts to himself. “ A paragon ! She even spells cor- rectly ! ” One thing in her manner puzzled him a little at first. Whenever she was suddenly addressed, or when a stranger entered the office abruptly, a look of alarm would spring into her eyes, as if instinct prompted her to flight, like a doe in the forest at the sound of a hunter’s tread ; but, in a second, the ex- pression would vanish and she would stand firmly, collected, with heightened color, her mental faculties fully alert and showing a little frown upon her brow, a physical expression of the reproof her courageous soul was admin- istering to her timid nerves. Gradually that timidity wore off, but she always manifested an exquisite sensitiveness to impressions from those who came near her, a psychic consciousness that sometimes astonished her employer when he had so far won her confidence as to be made aware of it. One of her earliest manifestations of that capacity, was when one Ernest Mettre appeared with a rather tempting business project in which he desired to enlist a considerable capital. Mr. Roberts thought well of the scheme, sufficiently well, at least, to take it into serious consideration and would probably have engaged in it but for what seemed to him afterward, when he thought it over, a rather singular incident. M. Mettre had gone and the lumber merchant sat cogitating, when suddenly he felt impelled to ask of the silent girl, at her desk on the other side of the room, “ What do you think of him?” Miss Holly started, turned, recovered herself and flushed, all in au in- stant, as usual, but replied promptly : “ He is not to be trusted.” ‘1 Did you hear what he proposed ? ’ ’ “ Not a word.” “ Well, what did you see in him to give you that idea ? ” “ I saw nothing. Beyond a glance, as he entered, I did not look at him. I did not need to. His presence made me feel that he is designing and un- scrupulous. I knew it.” ‘ ‘ Oh ! Then you knew something about him before ? ” “ Absolutely nothing. I was not even aware of his existence.” Mr. Roberts thoughtfully scratched his head. He had met Mettre a year or two before, among men who spoke of him as a sharp, jolly little fellow, but their acquaintance had never been intimate. Beyond a rather shifty eye, the Frenchman had, so far as he had seen, no visible points on which to base such emphatic condemnation. Yet, something told him, Ethel’s judgment was to be trusted and he resolved to decline the proposed enterprise, which, as events proved within a few months, was a fortunate decision. “ Do you often have impressions about persons in that way, Miss Holly? ” he asked her.	* “ Almost always,” she replied. He thought he would very much like to know what her impression of him had been, but did not venture to ask and assured himself that if it hadn’t been up to a pretty fair average she would not have remained long, aAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 967 reflection that not only gave him a great deal of satisfaction, but was eminently correct as later events will show. Chapter III.—John Roberts’ Love Affair. At the end of a fortnight, Miss Holly’s conscience troubled her. She could not see that she was earning the salary she received, or indeed that Mr. Roberts needed help. His letters, few in number, were models of brevity and could all be written by himself in fifteen minutes ; hardly anybody came in, except 011 errands about lime or cement, and she had unconsciously im- bibed from her employer a contempt and dislike for that branch of his busi- ness. And these facts she set forth to him, with customary frankness, in support of a suggestion that he could dispense with her services. He looked at her with surprise and a feeling near akin to alarm. She should not go away if he could prevent it, he said to himself. “ Indeed, Mr. Roberts,” she continued, “ I feel as if my staying here is dishonest; as if I were taking something for nothing.” “Your standard of honesty would make a man feel lonesome in business nowadays,” he replied drily ; “among the speculators, anyway. But, let’s see if you are useless. You saw that man from Ontonagon the day before yesterday, didn’t you?” “Yes, sir.” “ And explained what I told you, about why I had made that change in shipments ? ’ ’ “ I believe so.” “ And he went away satisfied? ” 4 ‘ He seemed to be. ’ ’ “If he had seen me, we would have quarreled. If I had written, he would have sued me, for he is a cantankerous, litigious crank. Your pretty way of putting facts disarmed him and made him listen to reason. You saved me more than two or three months of your salary, just by that one service.” “ Oh ! I didn’t think of it in that light.” “ Well, I did. You are all right. Only I’m afraid you find it rather dull here, don’t you? ” “ It isn’t very lively, sometimes.” “ Why don’t you read something? ” “ I was told by the woman who taught me typewriting, that employers did not like to see girls reading books in business hours.” “ Such men are brutes, like those who will not allow a tired shop girl to sit down and rest, even when she has nothing to do ; but they are in the minority I hope. Bring any books you like ; do anything you please to kill time.” She thanked him very gratefully, for the days had indeed been long and dull when she felt compelled, by a sense of duty, to sit with folded hands through the weary hours. Thereafter, as Mr. Roberts soon noticed, she seemed to be n arsing a mystery. Always, when he entered the office, if she hap- pened to be alone, as she generally was, he found her in the act of shutting968 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. down tlie lid of lier desk. A book lay beside her, but his keen eyes noted that she got through it very slowly. Evidently, the desk concealed what she had chosen for beguiling the time. Of course he did not think of endeavoring to pry into her affairs, but his curiosity was awakened and he was ready to welcome any purely accidental occurrence that would enlighten him. The opportunity came. One abominable day, when the deep mud in the streets had caused him to don rubber overshoes, his steps approaching the office were noiseless and he entered to find Miss Holly so deeply engaged that she was unaware of his presence until he stood at her elbow. She was working upon a water color drawing of autumn leaves, a charming study of soft browns, dull gold and somber tints of crimson, relieved by vivid scarlet splashes. “ Oh ! ” he exclaimed, “ I did not know you were an artist.” “I? Ah ! Mr. Roberts ; you are making fun of my little daubing.” “Making fun! No, indeed. It is beautiful; not only in its effects of color, but its fidelity to nature. It is very good. ’ ’ The girl's face showed the pleasure his generous appreciation gave her as she replied. “It is simply copying.” “Oh ! a copy,” he rejoined, and his voice had a little tone of disappoint- ment. “Yes; of this,” she replied, taking out of her desk a bunch of leaves, in the arrangement of which he recognized at once the original of her picture. His face brightened and it was in quite a different tone that he said. “ Ah ! A copy from nature.” He studied her work with more care, comparing it with its model. “ You must have been studying a good while,” he said. “ I could scarcely call it studying,” she replied. “ I never took a lesson. I could not afford it. But one day I picked up an old coverless book of instructions in the use of water colors. As soon as I could I bought a box of block paints. Tubes have been beyond my reach.” “ Have you any more of your work here? ” “Only a few crude pencil sketches,” she replied, reluctantly showing a sketch book. He admired them also, but she, with a truer perception of art, shook her head, saying : “ My draw'ing is sadly defective. I have naturally a good eye for color—as most women have, I believe—and that seems easy ; but form is hard. For that, I wall never be worth anything without instruc- tion, I fear.” Nothing more was said on the subject at that time. When Ethel had finished her “Autumn Leaves,” to her satisfaction, she gave it to her^em- ployer as a Christmas present and received from him a box of the best tube colors, such as she had hopelessly coveted ever since she began to use paints. Just before the building season commenced in the spring, Mr. Roberts found a purchaser for his lime kilns and had agreed upon terms of sale, before it occurred to him that parting with them would deprive him of all reasonable excuse for keeping a typewriter, particularly one so conscientious about ser- vice as Ethel Holl}\ She certainly would not remain with him if she saw that he had no wTork for her to do. There w7as something lie had intendedAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 969 saying to her. He had had it in mind ever so long—at least, ever since Christmas—and had been restrained from its utterance by the doubt that he might seem to be presuming unduly upon his position as her employer and that she, taking offense, would go away. And it would be even worse for ‘him to say it after selling the kilns, which would deprive her of occupation, for it might enter her head that he was trying to take advantage of her neces- sities. The fact was—though he did not recognize it—he deceived himself in fancying those fantastic considerations of exaggerated delicacy held him in check. The plain truth was that he too greatly feared losing the girl by a premature avowal of his love. In business he never hesitated or temporized, because there he felt sure of his ground, but love was a new field to him. However, after a good deal of cogitation, he thought he saw before him a safe, honorable, and measurably hopeful line of conduct, and when he had it well settled in his mind, he proceeded upon it at once. Primarily he get rid of the kilns. Then under the guise of dictating a letter, he acquainted Miss Holly with what he had done. Furtively watching while she took notes, he saw her turn pale and when she took up her note book her hand trembled. His heart smote him with remorse for the pain she suffered and he longed to take her in his arms and tell her that transferred ownership of all the lime kilns in the world need not affect her happiness for an instant. When she brought to him for signature the typewritten copy of the letter he remarked in an off hand way—“ Wiping out the lime business will leave little for you to do. Miss Holly.” “I do not see that it will leave anything, sir,” she answered; “I have known all along that I was very little use, and-” “No,” he interrupted bruskly, “you’re wrong there. You have been well worth the little I have paid you; but, as you were, 110 doubt, about to say, there will be practically nothing more for you to do.” “ Would you object to my receiving here,” she replied, “ during the rest of this week, answers to an advertisement for another situation and to my refering to you ? ” “I don’t think I could consent to either, under the circumstances. I have something else in view for you, that I think will be better.” Her dumb surprise quite equalled his anticipations. Any show of senti- mentality, he feared, would excite her alarm and suspicion of ulterior pur- pose, but if he could hold himself in check and keep the discussion near a business basis, he believed he would have his way, in the end. He went on: “ You cannot do more than peck a bare living out of this typewriting and, for various reasons, it isn’t the sort of thing I would like to see you con- demned to for the rest of your life. I have heard you say you would like to study art and I have 110 doubt it is about the best thing a girl can take up, if she has talent for it, as I believe you have. My confidence in your ability is sufficient for me to make you a straight business proposition. I will advance two thousand dollars to enable you to go to New York and study. In fact, I may say I have already put that amount to your credit in a New York bank.970 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY". Don’t understand that as your limit; simply as a starter. Whatever more you require will be provided. I mean to make an artist of you and do not intend that you shall be pinched. And I would like to have you start as soon as possible. Of course I would have preferred to have 3 0U stay in Chicago, where I could see how you get along, but the prospects for £.n art education here I don’t find encouraging. Here is a letter of introduction to what I am told by an artist friend, is the best school in New York and jrour tuition there is already paid for a year in advance. And—I believe that’s all.” He had begun speaking in a cool, deliberate way, but hurried more and more as he went on, until he was going like an auctioneer, fearing that she would interrupt and interpose some objection before he should have con- clusively shown her how completely everything was settled and made her feel that she could do nothing but acquiesce. When he stopped, he was out of breath. Grateful emotion overpowered the girl. She bowed her head upon her arms on the desk before her, and wept, exclaiming, “Oh! How good you are ! ” Then, when recovering her self control, she tried to thank him, he would have none of it, but spoke lightly of what he had done, as if it had been a small matter. Seeing her so grateful and innocently glad of the new hope he had given her, he was sorely tempted to draw from her some word of promise, - or at least of hope, for himself, something that would be a remembrance for her when she should be far away, where other men would find her fair. But his true heart still held him firm. “ She shall go free,” he thought, “ and if I am not kept in her mind without words, I shall have done well to remain silent.” So she went from him—and his heart went with her. Chapter IV.—Covering the Trail. The train was coming to a stop in the Grand Central Station when John Roberts’ condition was discovered, and in the confusion incident to its arrival, hardly anybody took notice of the removal of the insensible man from the parlor car by a couple of the train crew. They lifted him into the high wheeled chair kept for such emergencies; then two of the station men trundled the chair through one of the waiting rooms to the police station under the Vanderbilt Avenue side of the depot building. The Mettres, walking on each side of tlie chair and supporting the man’s head, protested that they did not want him taken to a police station. They wished to put him into a carriage and hurry home. The men turned deaf ears to their remonstrances. Established rules governed their action under all contingencies and they were educated to deny themselves the luxury of thinking when on duty. An unconscious man brought in by a train must be turned over to the police. That would end their responsibilit}'- in the matter, and their interest. At the head of the steps leading down to the station house: Ernest Mettre unobservedly slipped into his wife’s hand the baggage checks he had taken from Roberts’ pocket and she dropped them into her little satchel, divining 1AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY.	971 instantly what they were and the use she would have to make of them. In support of her role as the stricken man’s wife, she was crying softly. The sergeant at the desk said to her soothingly, “Calm yourself, raadame. He will be all right. I’ll ring for a hospital ambulance and it will be here in ten minutes.” “I will not have my husband taken to a hospital ! ” she cried. “He would be killed there ! Our family physician must attend him. Nobody else understands his case. He has had such spells before. I will not let him go to a hospital to be murdered ! ” Then, apparently growing hysterical: “ 1 must take him home ! I must take him home ! ” she shrieked. M. Mettre ably supported her demand, averring that, as an old friend of the family, he knew the gentleman to be liable to such attacks as the present. If the sergeant would be so good as to have a carriage called, he would be responsible for getting his friend home safely. And in evidence of his good faith, he gave his personal card, after writing on the back of it, the address of his friend’s residence. The sergeant was easily convinced, willing to assent almost to anything to get a hysterical woman out of the station, and, as the sick man’s friends wished to take him in charge, 110 good reason appeared to the official mind why they should not do so. In his presence, while a policeman went out to summon a hack, the lady took some baggage checks from her satchel and handed them to the friend, saying: “Will you kindly see to having our trunks put on the carriage? This check is for one we brought with us to- day—a new one with a large ‘ R ’ on the end. The others were sent ahead and will be in yesterday’s arrivals.” He made haste to comply with her re- quest. “Could you oblige me with a piece of ice, a flat bit, as big as your hand?” she asked, turning to the sergeant, who readily procured it. She folded it in the sick man’s big silk handkerchief, which she took from his coat pocket, and bound it 011 top of his head. “ There,” she said. “ That is all the doctor himself could do for him, at present.” The sergeant admired her presence of mind. Presently the hack appeared, with three trunks strapped on its rack and, when the distressed wife and friend had entered it with their torpid charge, drove off rapidly. When a few blocks away from the depot, M. Mettre put his head out of a window and told the driver to stop. The lady, he said, had thought of a drug store where they would be likely, at this hour, to find the family physician and she wished to seek him there before going home. He gave an address to the driver, who again started his horses, at a smart trot in the new direction. The next stop was at the curb before a small drug store on a narrow east side street. Tall jars of colored fluids, through which lights glared red, and green, and blue, made the shop conspicuous, but it was hardly possible to look into it from the street, so completely were its windows and glass doors obscured by bottles, and packages of goods, patent medicine cards, pictures and repeated signs “ Botica Espanol,” “Deutsche Apotheke ” and “ Pliar- macie Francaise. ” Mettre sprang to the sidewalk and ran into the store, whence he soon972 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. returned with a little, lean, baldheaded Frenchman, the proprietor. Speaking to the lady in the carriage so loudly that the driver could hear every word, he said : “ It is yet too early for the doctor. He is among his patients, no one knows where, and will not be here for half an hour.” “ Even then,” she replied, “ We would have him sooner than by going home and waiting there.” “ That is what I thought,” put in Mettre. “ And the druggist says he knows your husband and can do all that is necessary for him now. He should be put to bed at once, with a bag of pounded ice on his head, and not moved again tonight. The doctor will bleed him.” ‘ ‘ But can he stay- here ? ’ ’ “ Yes. The druggist will give up his bed to him.” “ Then there is nothing else to be done. We must get him inside. But what about the trunks ? ” “ You might go home with them.” “ And leave my husband? Indeed I will not.” “ Well then, have them brought in. I have no doubt the apothecary will find a place for them.” “ If so that arranges everything. ’ ’ In a few minutes the insensible form of John Roberts was laid upon the grimy, tumbled bed in the druggist’s back room ; the trunks were put behind the prescription desk; and the driver, pleased by the receipt of a dollar in addition to the full fare he would have received had he gone to his primary destination, went away satisfied that his fares were very nice persons. As soon as he was out of sight, Mettre quickly left the place. The little druggist looked at the woman with a shrewd grin, and remarked in French : “ It is a good affair, I suppose.” “ How do I know? ” she replied. “It is that of Ernest and what does he tell me.” The Frenchman grinned again and with an elaborate bow and in a tone slightly sarcastic responded: “To perspicacity such as that of the ever charming Madame Rosa, explanations would be superfluous.” Then he regaled himself with a pinch of snuff and said meditatively: “ As for me, the older I become, the less affection do I feel for the taking of serious risks. A modest trade in the most popular engravings of the country affords me excitement enough.” “ Anything new ? ” “ In a couple of weeks there will be some 5’s ; superb ; of detection im- possible. You will admire them.” She borrowed a sponge and with a little water quickly effaced the large “R” from the end of her trunk. Neither of them seemed to give a thought to the man who lay, as if dead, in the back room. A rough looking fellow, wearing a slouch hat and a hackman’s long over- coat entered abruptly, glanced sharply around, and said, “ Make haste now and let us get him out.” It was Mettre, so well disguised that even his wife had not recognized him at a first glance. With as little care in hand- ling as if he had been a sack of meal, the two men and the woman carriedAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 973 John Roberts out and tumbled him into a ramshackle hack at the door. Then they loaded :he trunks on behind, Mettre climbed up on the box, Rosa got in with their victim, and they drove off. The vehicle was one of the regular ‘ ‘ nighthawk ’ ’ type, with dingy lamps and indistinct number, but the horses before it were good and went swiftly. Mettre had known where to get exactly the outfit he wanted, from a man whose specialty it was to have ready at all hours, day and night, horses and vehicles of various sorts, with or without drivers, for hire to persons who were willing to pay large prices instead of answering questions about their affairs. Nearly all this person’s queer business was carried on at night. Sometimes his patrons, hard pressed by the police, had to abandon valuable goods in his vehicles. The police took the goods and found out of what burglary they were the proceeds, but the horses and wagons went back to their owner, who simply had to claim that they had been stolen from him. Mettre crossed the East River to Hunter’s Point and drove out to a little frame cottage of shabby appearance, standing isolated in a desert waste of ground, in that very remote section of Brooklyn. Having, by great ex- ertions, lugged Roberts and the trunks into that repellent looking shelter, he started off again to return the hack to its owner, at a point agreed upon, near the ferry on the New York side. In a little while he recrossed the river to Hunter’s Point, ori foot and no longer in disguise. As he stood on the after deck of the boat, leaning on the rail and smoking a cigar, he smiled in self approbation over the neatness with which he had “ done the job.” It was something of a feat, he reflected, to take possession of a big, strong man, in a parlor car of a wTell filled train ; pluck him from the hands of the police ; capture his baggage ; carry it and him off together in triumph and leave no more trail for his pursuers to follow than if his flight had been down into the sea. And that is what he had done—with some help from Rosa, of course, but on his plan alone. With the hackman’s aid, they might be traced to the drug store, but Pierre would know nothing. He had good reasons of his own for not encouraging t ie inquisitiveness of the police. And from there, nobody could track them. John Roberts was his, to do with as he pleased. What would he do with him ? Chapter V.—The Letters that Breathed Danger. The night was cold and Rosa Mettre had humanity enough to throw a rug- over the stupefied man, but beyond that, nothing was done for him. She had no reason to apprehend a fatal result from the drug her husband had given him. Others, she knew, had lived through the experience, alarming as it Seemed, and of course he would. Some time the next day, or night, he would struggle to feeble consciousness, with a headache almost as bad as death, and, if simply let alone, would probably recover entirely—if he had a strong constitution—in a few weeks. If it should be necessary to keep him fuiet longer by giving him another dose before he would be quite awake— veil, that might be: bad for him, but that was Ernest’s affair, not hers.974 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. While awaiting her husband’s return, she amused herself by searching Roberts’ pockets and ransacking his valise. In the latter she found a pack- age of fifteen government bonds, of the value of one thousand dollars each. It was a pretty sum she reflected, in itself well worth all the risks they had taken—if one could only be sure the numbers were not registered somewhere. Would it be safe to conceal them from Ernest ? Hardly. He probably knew of them. And even if he did not, she doubted her ability to dispose of them safely without his aid or subsequent knowledge. No, she would have to give them to him and take chances on getting her share. Ernest would, no doubt, act square with her. In Roberts’ vest pocket she found a package of letters written by a woman. Methodically arranging them in the order of their dates and so reading them, she soon found herself deeply7 interested in the tender romance they pro- gressively revealed. But before she finished their perusal she was thrilled by vague alarm. She awakened to a sense of danger from some mysterious cause, all the more to be dreaded because it was indefinite, unknown, yet, as she felt convinced, none the less real. All the letters were signed “ Ethel,” and she noted, while opening and arranging them, that though the earlier ones were addressed to “ Dear Mr. Roberts.” those of later date were written to “ Dear John.” Rosa’s experi- ences had not been such as to nourish the sentimental element in her nature, or develop whatever sympathy for innocence and goodness she possibly possessed in infancy. Yet she w7as a woman, and the awakening of a heart, revealed in that correspondence, touched her. Innocent gratitude to a benefactor breathed from every page in the open- ing chapters of the ingenuous story. All the hopes and fears and small suc- cesses, and the little details of daily life were narrated by the writer with the artless simplicity of a child addressing herself to an affectionate father. Almost imperceptibly the tone grew more tender. Filial regard gradually gave place to a feeling warmer yet none the less pure. Then one letter stood out by itself, the outpouring of the soul of the awakened and conscious woman, who writes her willing acceptance of a man’s proffered love. It was so tender and beautiful in its womanliness that Rosa read it over a second time and even found her eyes moisten with sympathy. Then she read on and enjoj-ed the rest of the missives, delightful love letters, ardent as one could expect from an innocent young girl, and here, little by little, came to the surface the new element that, as has been said, awoke Madame Mettre’s apprehension. In one she read: “ You forget the text, ‘ where the treasure is, there will the heart be also.’ I do not think it strange that I seem to see 3rou when you an; so far from me, for you are ever present in my thoughts and it is my heart that sees you. ’ ’ In another she found: “ I am impressed that you concluded last night the negotiation for the sale of your lumber interests, to a tall dark man, who had big black whiskers and you were not in your office, but in his room in a hotel. And when you parted it was to meet again today, at your office, to complete the transaction. Tell me if I am right. ’ ’ »AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY.	975 The next and last, answered the man’s reply to the preceding: “So; I was right in every particular, and you affect to be afraid of my ability to see you. Ah ! dear John, I know too well how good you are to believe in your fear. And you are coming to New York soon. How happy I shall be.” A single telegram was bunched with the letters: '' Be very careful. Some great danger threatens you. Tell no one when you start.” “ This young woman,” said Rosa to herself, “ is enough to give one the creeps.” A girl such as she divined this one to be, strong in love, intelligence and courage, gifted with some mysterious power, the nature and limitations of which the Frenchwoman could only dimly conjecture, was a person to be seriously taken into account. She wished that she knew who Ethel was, and where to find her. Adversaries unknown and in the dark are those most to be feared. While Madame Mettre pondered, she heard her husband at the door’and went to meet him with a light. He came in stamping his feet and showering profuse maledictions upon the mud through which he had to wade. “ And to think,” he complained, “ that cold and tired as I am, I cannot put my feet to the fire and rest, but must take off my coat and dig like a laborer.” “ Where will you dig, Ernest, and what? ” asked his wife in surprise. “ In the cellar—a grave.” Chapter VI.—Tracking the Abductors. Ethel Holey was suffering an agony of anxious apprehension when she sent that telegram to John Roberts the day before he left Chicago. What the peril threatening him might be, she could not see, but of its reality she was fully assured and she felt dimly that if harm came to him it would be through some one knowing in advance that he was going to New York. And he had too much well founded regard for her impressions to treat them lightly. He not only immediately telegraphed a reply that he would tell no one he was about to start for the East and would take more than ordinary pre- cautions for safety, but he repeated his assurances in a letter, which he calculated should reach her a few hours in advance of his arrival. It was a long, loving letter, meant to dispel her anxiety and he even affected much more jocosity than lie felt in rejecting the idea of danger. “ To show you,” he wrote, “ that I am now absolutely safe, I inclose an accident insurance policy. The company issuing it is so notoriously lucky that nothing ever happens to one of its policy holders, so you see I shall be safe for at least a week to come and, as I shall be with my guardian angel before that time is up, my security stretches far out into the indefinite future. ’ ’ But the secrecy with which, according to promise, he shrouded his de- parture from Chicago, prevented his sending word to a Buffalo man, with whom he had business relations, that he was going East and, as it was im-976	AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. portant that the man should be so informed, he deemed it necessary to stop over for the sole purpose of seeing him. Thus excess of caution brought his fate upon him. It did not occur to him that reserve concerning his journey was any longer necessary when he had got so far from Chicago as Buffalo. From a way station, soon after leaving Chicago and again from Buffalo, he had telegraphed to Ethel that he was on his way. After that she heard nothing more from him. When he failed to arrive by the train on which she expected him she was. not surprised. Even his telegrams en route had not dispelled the black cloud of depression that seemed to overhang her spirits, growing denser as the lagging hours crawled by. She was prepared for the worst and, from his silence and unexplained absence, deemed it had befallen. Late in the evening of the day upon which he was brought to the city, she felt that she could no longer endure inaction, and went to the Grand Central Station, to inquire if any accident had happened to a train from the West, that had not been reported in the evening newspapers. She was told there had been none ; that the train had got in on time. Eventually, an ex- ceptionally intelligent porter, whom she encountered, remembered that a gentleman who was taken sick on the Western express, hf.d been carried to the police station and kindly showed her where that was. The sergeant at the desk was the same one who was on duty when the insensible man was brought in there. In response to her inquiries he said : “Yes, a man whose name wras given as John Roberts, had an apoplectic stroke on the train ; was taken away by his wife, to his resilience.” “ His wife ! ” Ethel exclaimed. “ He has no wife.” “I guess you’re mistaken. Maybe it’s not the man you are looking for. ’ ’ “ Please describe him.” “ A big framed man, not lean but with no loose flesh on him; brown hair ; smooth shaved but for a long brown mustache ; couldn’t see his eyes.” ‘ ‘ They are blue. It is the man. And I tell you he is not married. He is the victim of some terrible plot. His life is in danger.” “Nonsense,” exclaimed the sergeant bluntly. “The lady knew what was the matter with him, would not have him sent to a hospital and took him home for treatment by the family physician, who had pulled him through the same sort of thing before. ” “ But I assure you, sir, he had no home in New York, and any woman claiming to be his wife was an imposter.” ‘ ‘ But she had the checks for all their baggage ; her trunk was marked with the initial of his name ; his friend, who was along, vouched for her ; here’s his card, ‘ Mr. James Hewlett, St. Louis,’ and here, on the back of it, is the address of Mr. Roberts’ residence, where they were going to take him.” ‘ ‘ Nevertheless I reiterate that all their representations were false. I should know ; since he came from Chicago for the express purpose of making me his wife.” The sergeant stared at her blankly a moment, then, as an idea seemed toAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 977 dawn upon him, grinned and replied, with an air of insolent familiarity: “ I guess you’re left, my girl. His wife has got him.” “ Ethel did not readily understand him, but when she did a wave of hot indignation seemed to course through every fiber of her being, leaving her stronger than before to do battle for her own honor as well as for the life of the than she loved. With enforced calmness she took from her pocket- book a dainty pencil and a card, upon which she wrote rapidly, on the rail before the sergeant’s desk. Then she handed it to him, saying in a clear, hard voice, the contemptuous tone of which lashed even his dull sensibilities like a moral whip: “There are the names of the president of the art school in which I am a student, the cashier of the bank holding my account, a clergyman to whom I am known, and two other persons. On the other side is my name. You have ignorantly and stupidly aided in the perpetration of a great crime and yoilr attitude toward me is infamous. If you do not in- stantly take all means in your power to trace that unfortunate man and rescue him, I shall have the aid of every person whose name I have written there in bringing you to account.” Her determinat ion and earnestness frightened the fellow into realizing the possibility of his having made a great mistake and he lost no time in com- plying with her demand. A policeman was detailed to accompany her to the address given by “Mr. James Hewlett,” where the sergeant did not doubt discomfiture was awaiting this fiery young woman ; and the hackman, in- spired by her promise of double pay, started his horses at a gallop. The hour was by this time near midnight, and no light was to be seen in the house before •which the hack stopped. The policeman clambered down from the driver’s seat, carefully compared the number over the door with that upon the card he carried and then rang the bell. Fifty Seventh Street— where their quest had brought them—was silent and the peal of the bell ■> rang out so loudly as to wake echoes all over the neighborhood ; but not mtil the third summons did anybody respond. Then a second story window was thrown up and a man, poking out his head, demanded angrily : ‘ ‘ Wliadyewant down there ? ’ ’ “Was a sick gentleman, named Roberts, brought here tonight?” asked the policeman. “ No.” ‘ ‘ Any family named Roberts live in this house ? ” “ No.” “ Who lives here ? ” “ Higginbotham.” ‘ ‘ Do you know anybody named Roberts ? ’ ’ “Oh! Go to thunder with your conundrums.” And the speaker slammed down the window vigorously. “ Return to the: station as quickl 3^ as possible,” directed the girl, who from the open window cf the coach had listened to the brief colloquy and was not at all surprised by its outcome. The sergeant, when report was made to him, was first amazed and then genuinely alarmed.978 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. “ Are you sure you got the right number? ” he demanded. “ Dead sure,” affirmed the man. “Well; I suppose he must have been excited and made a mistake in writing it down.” ‘ ‘ Can you not find the driver of the hack they took ? ’ ’ suggested Ethel. “ Yes. I know him well enough. It was ' Red ’ Maginnis. ” “ He was in front of the depot five minutes ago,” volunteered a policeman who stood bjr. “ Fetch him,” ordered the sergeant. “ Red ” Maginnis, upon being brought in, narrated quite: accurately the circumstances under which the lady, her sick husband and friend had left his coach and told where he had no doubt they woxild still be found, in the back room of the little pharmacy. But the sergeant seemed more alarmed than before. “I don’t like the looks of their going there. I was down in that precinct before I was trans- ferred here and know something of ‘ ‘ Frenchy. ” We never could get him dead to rights on anything, he was so sharp, but he was suspected of everything and I guess there’s nothing he wouldn’t do. If he’s mixed up in it, there’s no time to waste. Take “ Red’s ” hack. Go through the place and if you don’t find the man, keep a sharp lookout for the baggage. ” “ Frenchy ” had closed his store and gone to bed by the time they reached his door, but at the summons of the night bell quickly emerged from his little room behind the prescription desk and lighted up. His red flannel under- clothing and red night cap caused him to resemble a big boiled lobster, but did not abate a jot from his dignity. He was courteous, but manifestly annoyed, as might reasonably be expected of an apothecary waked from sleep without hope of profit. “ Was a sick gent fetched in here tonight? One that was dead gone? ” demanded the policeman. “Yes, m’sieu’; one who was, as you say, ‘dead gone,’ but I do not know if he was sick; pairhaps he only dine a leetle too well, I think. But I am no doctor; I am pharmacieu.” ‘ ‘ Who brought him ? ’ ’ “. A lady—his wife I presume—and a gentleman, his friend as it did seem to me.” “ Did they bring any trunks inhere, too? ” “ Yes, m’sieu’; and when they took him away, they took also the trunks. The lady did say she have sent for her doctor to meet them here, but in half an hour he comes not and he would not longer wait, so they call another car- riage and go all away. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ Who wouldn’t wait ? His friend ?J ’ “ No, m’sieu’; the gentleman who had dined too well.” “ Oh ! Then he recovered ? ’ ’ “ Certainement; not pairfectly, but so he make loud demand for more to drink, and create noise, so that I have been very glad they shall go away, for I like not the disturbances in my store.” ‘ ‘ Did you notice the number of the hack that took them away ? ’ ’AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 979 “ I ! m’sieu’ ? Shall I go out in the cold to amuse me with the numbers of' hacks ? No, m ’ sieu ’. ” Nothing more was to be got out of him. The officer searched the place thoroughly, but could find nothing to justify suspicion of aught except gen- eral uncleanness, and though it was suspected that he was lying, it could not have been easily proved, and proving would probably have done no good. Ethel was not for a moment deceived by his averment that the sick man had recovered, any more than he made her believe that her lover’s illness was simply drunkenness. That John Roberts was still alive she was confident, for her impressions, though less clear than ordinarily, owing to her mental per- turbation continued to present him as in great danger only and had he been actually dead, she believed the fact would have been apparent to her. “ Frenchy ” had expected a severer examination and it amused him to think of awkward questions the officer could have asked, had he been at all shrewd. In the seclusion of his little room he laid a lean forefinger along his cunning nose and chuckled, “ Police ! Cochons.” “ I don’t see,” said the sergeant to Miss Holly, when she returned to him, “ that we can do anything more tonight than notify headquarters to send out a general alarm and put the detective force on the case in the morn- ing.” “ And meanwhile, John Roberts may be murdered.” “ For all we can do to prevent it.” Chapter VII.—Rosa Mettre)’s Idea. * “ Do not be rash, my dear Ernest,” said Madame Mettre, placidly occu- pying herself in improving the little fire she had already kindled in the stove. A decision based, upon physical discomfort is apt to be faulty. When you get warm, a grave may not seem any longer an immediate necessity.” “ I must dispose of him. I decline spending the rest of my existence as his charioteer. ’ ’ “ Up to a certain point,” pursued madame reflectively, “ one’s road may make many crooked turns, more or less agreeable, but beyond that, it is liable to run straight and not in a pleasant direction.” ‘ ‘ What direction ? ” he growled. “ Toward the gallows.” Mettre winced, but replied sturdily enough, “ Why this time, more than any other ? ’ ’ “ Cases vary. This one is serious. I am afraid of something—-I hardly know what.” “Ah! Bah!” “ Possibly it is ' ball,’ and perhaps also it is not ‘ bah.’ We will see when we come to consider that vague something. But first let us look at some things we know to be real. Even a little man becomes enormous in quantity when he presents himself as a corpse to be put away and this Roberts is almost of the giants. Think what a vast excavation would be needed to put him at a safe depth. And it is not really a cellar dowrn there, but just a low place,980 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. where you could not raise the pick above your head to dig. I do not say the ground does not hide well, but circumstances are not always the same.” “So far, Rosa, you are quite right. I admit that it would be hard work.” ‘ ‘ Good. Let us go a step farther. Rent for this place ycu pay quarterly, in advance. You have done so for two years, though this is the first time in eight months we have been in it. ’ ’ “But, meanwhile, it has sheltered more business than many stores open to the public.” “ Oh ! I do not deny that it has had its uses, at night. But by day it has always seemed deserted. Does it not strike you that the landlord may be capable of occasionally coming around to see how his property gets itself along, and that he might be intermeddling pig enough to be curious why you pay rent for it ? ” “Well—if he does? He is 110 policeman. ” “ True ; but figure to yourself that a big reward might set both him and the policemen to thinking of this deserted house as mysterious and suspicious. He might even invite them to investigate—and suppose they should find-” “ In decency he should keep his mouth shut about the affairs of his tenants, at least so long as he gets his rent; but, there ! What good could you expect of a landlord ? I will not say he could not be capable of doing anything.” ‘ ‘ And though you have given him another name, how can you ever be sure of how much any person know7s, or at least suspects—which is even worse.’ ’ “ I see clearly wliat you mean to convey. And again I say, Rosa, your reasoning is good. This is not a safe place to deposit him. You see I am not unreasonable. But in justice to me—you will admit that we have had to act in this affair precipitately ; -without deliberation ; meeting; emergencies as they arose and hardly seeing two steps ahead. And this is the best I could do.” “It is true; and I do not blame you. You have real genius for the conquering of obstacles. You are admirable. Therefore I do not say to you that I object to your disposing of him in an}'- way you like, because I happen to be mixed up in the job and propose to take care of the only neck I have. No. I take my chances with 3rou, my dear Ernest; and if 1 object, it is 011 your account even more than my own.” “ One would wish to differ from you, in order to be convinced by you, my dear Rosa.” And the reasons I have given you against making ready here the grave and the man to fill it, are by 110 means all, or even the best. You forget that, though we are in possession of his effects, we have not yet examined them. We do not know what those trunks contain and the unknown is always full of possibilities. It may be to our interest that he shall survive: or, on the other hand, that his body, instead of being con- cealed, shall be found and its identity proved beyond question Our oracle is in those trunks. In his satchel I found these bonds, but they are only a littleAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 981 and he is a rich man. Here, fake them. There must be much more. I am not fool enough to expect a great sum of ready money in the trunks ; but we should find there the evidences of where his fortune is and knowledge how to obtain it.” “ Rosa, you an; an angel. I do not say it because you give me the bonds, though it is true I appreciate them ; but your superior finesse and fore- thought make me feel that I am but a coarse bungler, little more adroit than the clumsy wielder of the sand club, or the skulking artisan of the jimmy. To your astuteness I make my obeisance.” “ You flatter me too much, my love. You will end in making me proud, and the poet of the English says, ‘ by that sin fell the -angels. ’ But now I come to the last reason, that which I passed over at the beginning. Do you know that there is a girl who may meddle with us in this affair ? A young girl whom he wras about to marry ? ’ ’ “ I was not aware of it. He said nothing about her.” '1 Well, it is true. I know it, for I have read her letters to him, and she is dangerous. ’ ’ “If you say so, I will not deny it. But in what way ? ” ‘ ‘ She possesses the power of seeing that which is afar off, of knowing what goes on at great distances.” “ A clairvoyant ! ” “ Hardly that I think, but something more to be feared; one w'hose impressions come to her when she is awake and herself fully conscious of them. ’ ’ “I have heard of such things,” muttered Ernest, looking troubled, “and do not like them. They go beyond the limits the good God has set to human knowledge and are very wicked. Generally, I believe there is nothing in them, but the mischief of it is that you never can tell when there may be something. I wish I knew more about such things, I could make them very useful sometimes. Poor Jacques Siccardi, you remember, was run down by 1 clairvoyant’s directions and hanged.” “ Your reminiscence is not cheering.” “ No. But it is true. Well; we will not think any more about it now. If trouble comes we will meet it all the more bravely for not having wasted our strength in shudders of anticipatory fear. When the girl appears, we will hit upon some way of dealing with her. The vital question at present is—what do the trunks contain ? Let us get at them.” They found in John Roberts’ trunks a good deal of valuable personal property, but tumbled it out 011 the floor and made little account of it, with the exception of a case of very handsome diamonds—a ring, brooch and pair of earrings. These Ernest gallantly presented to Rosa, as a part of the booty naturally falling to her share. A fine chronometer watch he took possession of for his own use, remarking that he would, on the morrow, have Rabitschek alter its number, so as to baffle recognition. “ I did not know he was that sort of engraver,” she said. “ A man who is skilful enough to make bank note plates, should be able to engrave anything,” he replied.982 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. At the very bottom of the second trunk, when they had almost begun to despair of finding anything really valuable to them, they discovered a flat tin box, the sight of which revived their drooping hopes. It was locked and there was no key fitting it in the bunch filched from Roberts’ pocket. Nor was one to be found in his wallet; or in the big pocketboolc Rosa had appro- priated. “But,” she exclaimed, “he must have had one somewhere. Wait a moment, while I go through him again.” And she went into the back room where the unconscious man lay. He had not moved a muscle since they threw him there on the floor. And though she pulled him about, tugged at his clothing and even rolled him over, turning inside out all his pockets he gave no sign of life. At length she found, in a fob, the little object she sought. The care he had taken in secreting it, seemed to promise that the prize would be valuable. Rosa wras elated, but in the same moment experienced a little shock of anxiety, for it seemed to her that their victim had ceased to breathe. It would be annoying, she reflected, it he should have settled matters for him- self in that way before they had a chance to determine what would be best for their interests. It would be difficult, as she had said, to hide him prop- erly in this place. Why could he not wait until they had him somewhere handier to the water ? She bent over him and laid her head against his breast. His heart was still faintly beating and she felt relieved. Mettre waited, holding the box on his knees and guessing what was in it, to kill time, momentarily increasing his estimates as the horizon of his desires expanded. Then with feverish eagerness he snatched the key and used it. The haul was a large one, but in rather unsatisfactory shape. There were deeds for several large pieces of Western real estate; notes, amounting to tens of thousands, from the man who bought the Roberts lumber interests; a life insurance policy for fifteen thousand dollars; certificates of deposit, in three New York banks, amounting to some eighty thousand dollars ; a Chicago bank book showing a handsome credit ; quite a bundle of good railway stocks and a bunch of shares in Western “Industrials,” of questionable worth—but, among it all, not a dollar in ready money, or any- thing convertible into ready money without serious risk, M. Mettr6 was exasperated. “Anathemas,” he cried “ upon these rich men ! What infernal precautions they take to prevent honest men getting a share of their ill gotten wealth ! They are infamous ! ” Madame looked at him and smiled sardonically. His disappointment had been no greater than hers, but the attitude he assumed amused her. He went on with doleful shakings of his head : “It was hardly worth the trouble. A little handful of bonds, that will bring hardly anything in Europe, where they must be sent for sale, and a few dollars pocket money, not enough to pay the expenses of the enterprise. That is all. ’ ’ “ You forget the diamonds and watch.” “ Ah ! True. Well, it is not so bad as it might be ; but not as good as I had hoped.” He seemed to have forgotten also the two thousand dollars he had found in Roberts’ big wallet.AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 983 ‘ ‘ Wait a little. Let me think. I believe we will yet be able to get the bulk of this property, if not all.” “ I have a prejudice against being hanged.” “ Do you think I would find it amusing? But no prize worth having can be won without risk. We have already gone too far to turn back, my dear friend. The cards have been dealt and we must play the game out.” ‘ ‘ What is your idea ? ” “ To inherit. I have been his wife ; I must be—his widow.” Chapter VIII.—Working in the Dark. The general alarm was duly sent from police headquarters to all the stations, as the sergeant had promised Miss Holly it would be, but of course, with as little result as if it had been a review of the weather. At that time, the police cherished the theory that publicity inevitably defeated “ the ends of justice ”—as official blundering was grandiloquently styled—and reporters were viewed with dread and abhorence, almost as if they had been the natural allies and protectors of the criminal classes. Consequently, when the instruction was given to look out for the missing man and the two persons last seen in his company—with a fairly good description of each of the trio— the possibility of any good result was greatly minimized, if not destroyed, by the accompan>ing injunction that it must, on no account, be allowed to leak out to the press. It perhaps seemed likely, to the official mind, that persons who had already demonstrated extraordinary interest in concealment, and cunning in securing it, might walk up to members of the force, pro- claim their identity and request to be taken into custody, but upon no other hypothesis would the police methods of those days seem reasonable. Miss Holly believed that better results would be attained by enlisting the sympa- thetic interest and aid of the great public. “ Hundreds of persons read the newspapers, for every individual police- man to whom you whisper your injunction that he shall ‘look out,’” she said to the chief detective assigned to the case, one who was esteemed great because of his large acquaintance among thieves. “ Publish widely the fact that a man is missing, that a large reward will be paid for finding him, and describe his supposed kidnappers. When you do that, you surround the criminals with watchful eyes, the light thrown upon their crime makes every step one of danger for them. Men hunt nothing so keenly as gold. Make the hunt for them a golden one and invite everybody to participate in it. Do you fancy they will long be able to elude the observation of half a million persons ? ’ ’ “ It is natural for you to look at it in that way,” answered the man, with a great air of superior wisdom. “ But you lack experience. We have to deal with cases like this all the time. I suppose there are more ‘ missing men ’ reported in New York than in any other city in the world.” “ I should think so,” she remarked drily. The significance of her tone escaped him. He went on argumenta- tively : “ Now lcok at it in this way. Suppose the man is kidnapped and984 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. the people who have got him are holding him for a reward. They want to negotiate on the D. O —the dead quiet, you know. Set everybody chasing them, with the best prospect for their being caught and somebody getting a stake for it that you can imagine, what do they do ? Why, to save them- selves, they give up the game, chuck the man into the river and slip out of town. Then, where are you? And how much better off is the man? Offer a reward if you like, for information, and no questions asked and the play will be correct, so long as you don’t mention any name. But if you were to give it away, as you proposed, it would handicap the force so that we might just as well give the job up altogether.” The girl was appalled by his suggestion that the missing man might be thrown into the river, to enable the escape of his kidnappers, if they were too closely pressed and, though it was hard for her to believe that even criminals could be so fiendishly cruel, she was not prepared to deny the possi- bility set before her by the experienced detective. She no longer insisted on the form of advertisement she had contemplated, but the immediate offering of a reward she was resolved upon and went at once to Mr. Ditherow, the friendly bank cashier, to consult about it. Mr. Ditherow was, in a general way, a kindly and helpful sort of man to everybody, so far as his profound reverence for business would permit, but in Miss Holly’s case he was disposed to be exceptionally accommodating, as his friend John Roberts had written bespeaking his good offices in her behalf. It was therefore with mingled amazement and sorrowful sympathy that he heard her astonishing story of Mr. Roberts’ disappearance. He, too, at first, was inclined to favor the widest publicity possible, but, like the girl, hesi- tated and doubted its wisdom when told what the detective had said. “I have sometimes thought,” he remarked, “that the police made a mystery of everything in order that people might not realize by knowing their failures, how incompetent they were. But, it may be that notion does them an injustice. I would not like to run counter to their opinions based 011 experience. Let the first advertisement go with initials only and, if that produces nothing, we can consider how the next should appear. I think that will be the best plan.” “ How much have I still standing to my credit? ” “ I cannot say exactly, without referring to the books, but it is over five thousand, anj'way. ” “ Five thousand ! ” “Yes; unless you have been checking out a good deal within the past four or five day's.” Oh ! No. But—I had no idea—Are you sure there is not a mistake? ” “Quite sure,” was the smiling reply. “I never make mistakes; not here, at least. A week ago, by Mr. Roberts’ direction, the sum of $5,000 was put to your credit.” “ He wrote to me that he had ‘ sent a little to buy gowns and things,’ for, as you probably know, we were to be married upon his arrival—but I had no idea of a great sum like that.” “ You may find it none too great, if you depend upon it to bring him back.”AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 985 The girl’s lips quivered and tears stood in her eyes, but she bravely repressed her emotion and in a business like tone asked : “ What reward should I offer? ” “ A thousand—at first, I should say.” She filled in a blank, on a paper she had brought with her, and handed it to him, asking : “ Will that do? ” “M-thousand dollars-J. R.-Ethel Holly.” “I don’t think, if I were you,” he said dubiously, “ that I would undertake to see people my- self.” “No ! Why, Mr. Ditherow, who is more interested than I, in seeing any one who can-’ ’ \ “Yes, but this involves seeing a great many people who can’t. You have no idea liovv many persons and of what various sorts, all want a thousand dollars. Sharpers would fly to beguile your inexperience with lies ; cranks, to force their visionary notions upon you, for a price ; charity solici- tors, who, fancying you rich, would think the time propitious for profitably pressing their games on your sympathetic consideration ; and above all dangerous for you, :i in deference to the wishes of the police you mean to conceal his identity—the newspaper reporters. You’ve never met any of them, I suppose? No ; I thought not. Keen, courteous, adroit young men, innocent looking, but able to give points to the oldest cross examiner when ferreting out a ‘ sensation ’ and quite conscienceless as to what they print, so long as it makes an effect. Why ; bless you ! my child ; in half an hour they would not only know who ‘ J. R.’ was and all about him, but all about you, your engagement and heaven knows what else.” “ But, ” she exclaimed in distress, “ if I don’t do it, wdio will ? ” “ That’s one of the things lawyers are made for. I will give you a letter to one, a friend of mine, who will attend to it, without cost to you. What- ever the reporters can dig out of him, without his knowledge and consent, they are welcome to. ’ ’ So lie gave her a note to Mr. Darley—of Darley, Fordyce & Jadbury— and their address was the one that appeared in the advertisement inviting applicants for the reward. The obnoxious classes hungering to finger the money, troubled Mr. Dar- ley very little. Few wolves, on predatory purpose bent, are rash enough to tamper with the temper of the grizzly in his home. But neither awe of the firm’s great name and imposing presence, nor the artifices of the corps of clerkly buffers interposed between Mr. Darley and the door, could keep the reporters away from him, and their shrewd persistence tried him sorely, par- ticularly as he was, in conformity to instructions, acting against his own judgment in withholding the facts. He believed in publicity and even sent for the detective Miss Holly had seen to argue the matter with him, but the man of liabitual mystery continued to plead earnestly for congenial dark- ness. “ Why,” he urged, “ if you give his name away, and the papers get hold of it, it will put the ‘kibosh ’ 011 all we’ve done.” “ All you’ve done ! What have you done ? ”986 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. “ We’ve got a clue, Mr. Darley. Yes, sir; you may smile but I tell you we have. And within twenty four hours we’ll get the man. In fact we may lay hands on him tonight. But if you go and ‘ blow the gaff’ why, the jig’s up. ’ ’ I don’t take much stock in your * clue.’ The word invites suspicion. The police clue rarely leads to anything, except on the eighth day of the week. Still, we’ll give you a chance. But if your hide and go seek way doesn’t find something pretty quickly, I’ll turn on the light.” Of course, the clue led to nothing and was replaced in the old familiar way, by “ a new theory.” It was now the detectives’ ingenious idea that John Roberts had absconded from Chicago and, for reasons best known to himself, was hiding, or had committed suicide. This was after forty eight hours’ reign of the “ clue.” Miss Holly, astonished and disgusted, gave up all hope of aid from the police, ordered the reward increased to $2,500 and would have published the missing man’s name, had she not been restrained by Mr. Ditlierow’s fear that it might be imprudent. So large a reward, lie argued, would be almost cer- tain to tempt some participant in the criminal secret to betra3-al of his accom- plices and that was their best prospect of ever again seeing John Roberts alive. That he still lived, Kthel felt assured. Of that much her psychic sense assured her, but beyond that point the mysterious consciousness that was once so clear, existed no longer. The calm, receptive condition of mind requisite for its manifestation was now wholly lacking. Day and night she w7as agitated, anxious, excited, a prey to constantly recurring alternations of hope and despair. The only impression she was able to cognize with any degree of certainty was that though in awful peril her lover was not yet lost utterly and this in some measure comforted her. “ For,” she said to herself, “ while there is life, there is hope.” Chapter IX.—Plans of the Plotters. John Roberts’ life was by this time, a very small basis for hope. Not until the morning of the second day after he was struck down did he give any other sign of living than that faint, fluttering beating of the heart which had been noticed by Madame Mettre. Then, still unconsciously, he began the slow and infinitely painful effort of crawling back from the clutch of death, to the world of living men. At first he only groaned feebly at long inter- vals, but after an hour or two his fingers twitched nervously from time to time and then he moved his hands, but only a very little. Madame Mettre and her husband sat comfortablj7, looking down at him. “ You must have given him a big dose, Ernest,” she remarked. “ Yes. Rather more than I intended, but as matters have turned out the excess was fortunate. You see, I did not know just how much so strong a man would require. He is powerful, almost like a horse, and I had to give him a horse dose. But better too much than too little. One cannot risk having a subject wake up inopportunely. But hasn’t he slept soundly? ” “ I was afraid that he was dead. That stuff does kill, doesn’t it ? ”AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 987 “ Oh ! Yes. If you give a little to much of it. A dozen drops more than he took, I should say, would have given old Charon another passenger.” ‘ ‘ And are you not a little afraid of the second dose ? ’ ’ ‘ ‘ We must risk it. There is no other way to keep him quiet. And now that he has begun to wake up, it will have to be given soon, or he may regain strength enough to make a row. But I hope he will not die until we get him where he can do so properly, with due consideration for the interests of his widow. And I do not think he will. I had the prudence to ask of the Italian physician who made the preparation, what would be its cumula- tive effects. He told me that only continued torpor would ensue from a second dose, if it were less than two thirds of the quantity first given.” ‘1 But the house is yet to be found and moving effected. What will be the effect of a third dose ? ” “From a third., even if only half the quantity of the second, supposing the torpor to have been continuous, a weak subject would not rally. But a strong one, such as he is, would probably last several weeks, or possibly even months, in a state of imbecility, a mere idiotic and feeble animal.” “And then?” “The condition and the subject-would cease at the same time.” “ It is perfect. In that way he will give us no trouble. ’ ’ “Is it not strange that a few drops of a fluid that looks so innocent, like water, and of little pronounced taste, should have such effect on the life of a man ! ” Mettre drew a small leathern case from a breast pocket and opening it took out a tiny vial filled with a colorless liquid. On the side of the vial were small nicks, to indicate minims by tens and twenties. ‘ ‘ What funny things le bon Dieu gives us,” he remarked, regarding it contemplatively. . ‘ ‘ How much did you give him ? ’ ’ “ Clear down to there,” he replied, indicating with a thumb nail a point about one third from the shoulder of the bottle. ‘ ‘ Then you have filled it up again ? ’ ’ “Oh! Yes. 1 have plenty more and it is well to keep a full supply handy. ’ ’ “ Yes, it is well,” Rosa assented, meditatively. John Roberts groaned more loudly, managed to raise a trembling hand to his throat and gasped weakly “Water! Water!” His eyes looking like blood, opened staringly, but evidently saw nothing. From his parched lips, the tongue protruded slightly, dry and swollen. “Water! Water!” he whispered. “ Come ! ” said Mettre. “ We have no time to lose. He must not wake any farther. Get a glass of water. ’ ’ She procured and held it, while he added from the vial some drops, care- fully measured. Neither the hand holding the glass, nor that manipulating the vial, trembled. When the dose was ready, he raised the victim’s head, so that he might drink, while Madame Mettre put the glass to the fevered lips and slowly tipped it, as he mechanically swallowed until it was empty. A convulsive shudder ran through the man’s frame, as if his physi- cal nature revolted against this new attack upon its life. An expression of988 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. horror distorted his face, a hoarse inarticulate cry burst from his lips, and he writhed himself from Mettre’s hands, his head striking the floor with a loud thump. Then he lay perfectly still. Madame Mettre and her# husband looked across him at each other and smiled. “Truly, the celerity of its action is to be admired ”—was the reflection of both. In that instant the front door bell rang. For a moment the Mettres .stood motionless, glaring at each other, breathless with sudden fear. Ernest first recovered himself. With a catlike spring, he passed into the front room; snatched up the weapons he kept ready to hand—a piece of heavy lead pipe and a long keen knife—and posted himself beside the door opening from the little hallway. From there, by a vigorous gesture of the head, he directed Rosa to answer the summons. He was too much excited to reason ; to remember how well his trail was hidden. Conscious guilt put imaginary policemen at the door and he was ready to fight until he was killed rather than submit to arrest. Madame Mettre was cooler, but accepted her husband’s view of the situation and was willing to share his fate. With a cocked revolver in the hand hidden under the little shawl crossed upon her breast, she went to the door and opened it. Before her stood a gaunt, middle aged man, attired in a shabby genteel suit of black and wearing a tall hat vaseliued to a glittering burlesque of respectability. Under one arm he carried a big portfolio. “ Will you permit me, madame,” he began, working his leathery jaw with great rapidity the instant he caught her eye, ‘ ‘ to invite your critical in- spection of the most wondrously comprehensive and superb art publication ever issued in this country or any other, the ‘ Gallery of Ancient and Modern Masters ’ in fifty four parts at the ridiculously small price of fifty cents each delivered monthly five full page masterpieces of steel engraving in each part-’ ’ For a moment she was dazed ; then, the revulsion of feeling suddenly re- laxing the strain upon her tense nerves, she burst into almost hysterical laughter. The even flow of the man’s unpunctuated eloquence ran right on. ‘ ‘-with hundreds of wood engravings each a gem illustrating with ab- solute fidelity the glorious works of the deathless masters--’ ’ She saw that he was maneuvering to get a foot inside the threshold and, suddenly slamming the door in his face, turned back into the room where M. Mettre waited. There was a grin upon his face, but it was mechanical. He was not yet satisfied. “ The wretch may be a spy,” he said ; “A detective in d:sguise. ” “Nonsense,” she replied. “Detectives in this country do not disguise themselves and go about to find out things. They wait for stupid persons to come and tell on themselves. ’ ’ But he leaped to the window and stood peering from behind one side of the lowered curtain, until he saw the book peddler go to two other houses within sight. Then he, too, smiled, with a sigh of relief, and laid down his arms. What a scare that fellow gave me out there ! ” he remarked.AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 989 “ And what a scare you would have given him in here!” she replied. And they laughed merrily together. As he made himself ready to go out, he said : “If his tongue swells and sticks out any more, jou will do well to raise his head 011 a pillow and put a bit of ice in his mouth now and then. I don’t know that it is liable to choke him, but it might.” “ I will endeavor to remember and attend to it. By the way, if it is not too much trouble, will you not be so good as to bring back with you some floss silk, in pretty soft shades of pink and green. I might as well be making something to kill time.” “So far from troubling, it will be a pleasure to serve }rou, my dear Rosa. ’ ’ “ You have the list of all the things to put in the will ? ” “ It is in my pocket.” ‘' That blank marriage certificate will not arrive today ? ’ ’ “ Oh ! No. It cannot be here before tomorrow. You know I only tele- graphed for it yesterday.” “ A New York one would perhaps have done as w7ell.” “ No; you wrere right. One bearing the imprint of a Chicago printer is necessary. No little precautions must be neglected.” “ And now you are off? ” she said, kissing him farewell. “ Yes. I go to seek a suitable residence for John Roberts to die in.” Chapter X. — A Glimpse Within the Enemy’s Lines. The habit of thinking is by 110 means so common as it is popularly sup- posed to be. Ernest Mettre was one who thought as little as possible. Whenever he attempted it, he became a pessimist. As a rule, Rosa did the thinking for both. He wras, as he claimed to be, “a man of action” and that only. Without the guidance afforded by her subtle brain, he would probably have been a mere highway robber. An instinct akin to that of a carnivorous animal hunting its food made him keen to scent profitable opera- tions and he did not lack a sort of intuitive cunning, quickness of adaptation to circumstances and a certain fertility of resources which was rather the fruit of experience than the product of mental effort. Had he been alone, 110 such elaborate and daring scheme as he was now engaged in would ever have entered his head. But for his wdfe he would have been content with what he got from his victim’s pockets. And now, the magnitude of the stake, the boldness and hazard of the game, together pressed upon his consciousness, as he sat alone on the ferryboat, and made him thoughtful. The advertisement for “information concerning J. R.” appeared that morning for the first time and he had just read it. Who knew the identity of the missing man ? That girl who wrote love letters to him and knew he was coming to New York, of course. And that set him to thinking about her. Such a power as hers was something worth while fearing. Luckily, judging from her letters, she did not seem able to control it. But who could tell at what mischievous moment it might happen to serve her? And if she should990 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. know where to strike, her blow would fall out of the darkness, with no possi- bility of guarding against it, since she was herself entirely unknown. Of the police he had not even a little bit of fear, but this girl stirred the latent superstition in his soul and thrilled him with apprehension. Decidedly, he said to himself, it was necessary for him to know who she was, and where to see her if possible, and perhaps find some way of learning from time to time, what she contemplated doing, or had done. And, in all prob- ability, this advertisement would afford the needed clue to her if, as he did not doubt, she was behind it. As a first step, he would go at once and have a lock at this lawyer. Basily enough he found Darley, Fordyce & Jadbury, in one of the immense palatial office buildings 011 lower Broadway, and his heart sank when he realized the quality of the legal force already, as he felt, enlisted against him. They occupied a long suite of magnificent offices, the annual rental of which, he estimated, would be rather a pretty fortune. A girl who could afford to employ a firm like this, would be a serious antagonist, even without any' occult powers to aid her. It was no longer curiosity, but desperation that urged him to get sight of Mr. Darley. In that, however, he was foiled. As a prospective client, he managed to get past several clerks with not much difficulty, but at the managing clerk his progress was arrested and he wras required to state the business upon which he wished to see Mr. Darley. His story was ready. He wished to get a divorce. The managing clerk seemed almost to freeze with surprise and horror. Divorce business, he said, was not at all in the liti£ of Darley, Fordyce & Jadbury. They would not touch a divorce suit, even for a bishop, or a President. And with icy cour- tesy he bowed his visitor to the door. Going away, M. Mettre said to him- self that, all things considered, he did not really want to see Mr. Darley; the desire had only been a whim. Presently the firm’s telephone bell sounded and a voice, announcing itself as that of a detective, called out: “ Tell Mr. Darley that in the matter of J. R., I will call at three o’clock this afternoon with a woman who thinks she knows where he is. Have somebody present for positive identification from her description, if possible.” And, upon receiving assurance that the request would be complied with, the voice said “ Good by ” in quite a businesslike fashion. M. Mettre had several hours free to devote to interviews with real estate agents, from whom he sought to rent a house, “ a detached one if possible, of not too great dimensions, furnished in readiness for immediate occupancy, and at a price not excessive.” .New Yorkers are somewhat proud of the fact that almost anything conceivable may be obtained in the metropolis, if one has the money to pay its price, and, so far as M. Mettre was concerned, that claim was made good. The domicile lie found suitable—“as if made to order” he said to himself—was on the north side of the Harlem River; a pretty detached cottage half hidden among shrubbery, on a somewhat lonely lane, a little back of Morris Dock, one of the most charming locations within the city limits. It was the residence of a widow whose faili ng health impelled her to seek a milder climate in the south of FranceAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 991 M. Mettre paid a month’s rent in advance and was allowed to take posses- sion at once, without the usual formality of references, upon his explaining that he rented the house not for himself, but for a dear friend, a Westeni man, who had no acquaintances in New York and whose wife had brought him here for treatment by the most eminent physicians procurable. It was a plausible story, well calculated to win sympathy, as he told it, and he pru- dently gave the name “ John Roberts ” as that of the sick man. Who John Roberts was, the agent could readily learn by reference to Dun or Bradstreet. Of course the agent did not trouble himself to refer. He felt safe in renting the house under the circumstances. At a little before three o’clock, M. Mettre haunted the hallway leading to the offices of Darley, Pordyee & Jadbury, which he watched until he saw enter them a tall, handsome girl whose eager, excited look, together with her haste and glance of inquiry at her watch—making sure she was 011 time—as she neared the door, all assured him he had found “ Ethel.” If any linger- ing doubt had remained in his mind, it would have been dispelled by the disappointment and dejection in her face when, an hour later, she left the building. When the promised woman failed to appear, the lawyer’s quick intelligence realized that the telephone message had been a trick perpetrated by the enemy, but what its object was he could not divine. The problem of its purpose occupied Ethel’s mind as she went down to the street and boarded a Broadway car ; and continued to engross her thoughts while riding up town, so that she saw hardly anything about her and was not even aware of the little man, seated opposite, who furtively watched her while pretend- ing to read an afternoon newspaper. When she left the car, he did the same, unnoticed by her, and followed until he saw her open, with her own latch key, the door of her boarding house. He had achieved all he dared attempt, at least all that he would venture without first asking the advice of Madame Rosa.	/ Returning down town he did not neglect to procure the floss silk desired by his wife and was careful to select delicate shades that he knew would please her. But one more item remained on his outdoor program for the day. That was to call upon a certain lawyer, who—as he had reason to know—would be willing, for a suitable compensation, to draw up John Roberts’ will (a proper one, leaving everything to his beloved wife Rosa and naming his best friend, M. Ernest Mettre as sole executor) and even make it holographic, if he were supplied with good specimens of the testator's writing. The lawyer found his visitor’s memoranda inadequate and declared that, to give the document vraisemblence, it would be necessary for his confi- dential agents to search the records in counties where the real estate lay, to learn if any mortgages were carried on it or any judgments stood against it ; also to see if there were any other recorded possessions than those for which deeds had been found. M. Mettre chafed over the delay this would involve, if really done, but shrewdly suspected the requirement was only a device to draw a large sum from him for “expenses,” and made little objection. Terms being amicably settled, the lawyer promised to expedite the search he had insisted upon and engaged that within two weeks his part of the under-992 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. taking would be accomplished. M. Mettre had to content himself with this arrangement, and took his departure. Chapter XI.—A New Factor in the Chase. The increase of the reward from one thousand to twenty five hundred dollars, at Miss Holly’s order, stirred the wistful interest of many persons, but especially thrilled the acquisitive soul of one Joseph Fabitzky, a red headed Russian Jew, who kept a small but very profitable ivery stable. His acquaintance among the plunderers of society was large, and though he was too cautious to be tempted into participating in their enterprises, he took a morbid interest in their achievements and, as far as he could, shared their profits—strictly in the way of business. So well informed was he that, with greater certainty than the detectives, he was able to tell from the style in which the job was done, who were the “ artists ” engaged in it. That the advertisement in question was a sort of surface indication of “ one of the big jobs,” he had instinctively recognized at a glance, but while the reward was only a thousand dollars, his interest was limited to mild curiosity. He tried to think who had probably been the operators, but in vain. None recurred to his remembrance who even remotely fitted into such an enterprise as he guessed this to be. So he gave up the puzzle and thought no more about it, until the reward leaped to a figure well worth considering, when he was suddenly seized with a wild desire to possess it. And he had sufficient astuteness to recognize in that speedy large increase the eloquent expression of a distressful anxiety not likely to haggle over stipulated terms. Three, or even five thousand dollars, he believed would be paid as readily as the offered sum, for the desired information, especially if the ad- vertiser was, as Labitzky suspected, a woman. A man, he said to himself, appreciating better the value and power of money, would have 'made his advance more gradually. Something told him that he must have been at least in business touch with that mystery and it exasperated him to think that it had eluded him. The missing man had been “put away,” and his horses had no doubt been used. And yet he knew not whom to suspect. It spoke well for Joseph’s fidelity to his patrons that, though he had seen offered many good rewards which he could easily have earned, he had never yet “ given away ” anybody. But he was one of the men who “ have their price ” and the five thousand dollars he told himself were obtainable in this case, tempted him. And he might sell the information—if he could get it— without his treachery ever coming to light. Referring to a private memorandum book, he reviewed carefully all the night work his horses had done during a fortnight past and had a pretty clear idea -of what they were wanted for in every case—with a single exception. Four nights previous, duung his temporary absence from the stable, the hostler had let out “ Brown Dick and mate ” to a man who was unknown to him but had the right word and paid without question tl e usual price of a “ first class job. ” The more Joseph thought it over, the stronger grew his impression that that transaction would bear investigation.AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 993 He called the hostler into his office and questioned him sharply, but the man had little or nothing to tell beyond the story he had already related of the affair. “ And you say,” pursued Labitzky, “ that he returned the coach and team to Patsey, at the corner of Lexington Avenue and Thirty Second Street, after about two hours and a half ? ” “ Yes, sir.” ‘ ‘ Did you notice their legs ? ’ ’ “ I did, sir. They were covered with sandy mud up to their knees, the sort of mud they have over on the other side of the river. I have noticed it on the horses’ legs before. ’ ’ “ And he was a slim, undersized man, with a little mustache? ” “That’s what he was, sir. I don’t think I ever see him ’round here before.” Dabitzky made mental review of all the “ crooks” he knew who might undertake such a job; but that description would apply to none he could recall and he had to admit to himself that he had nothing but intuition, which others would call mere vague suspicion, upon which to base his belief that there was any connection between the “ slim, undersized man ” and the missing “ J. R.” Practically he knew 110 more than the advertiser, and all his cogitations from such knowledge as he possessed, were but profit- less threshing of old straw. But fate was minded to give him another chance at the mystery. The increased reward ha.d tantalized him day after day, and he had about given up hope, fearing that those who held “ J. R. ” would negotiate on their own account and so end the matter, when one night, a little after ten o’clock, a dapper little gentleman, slim and undersized, entered his office and said he wanted a coach and team, without a driver. And, if practicable, he would like to have the same team he had a few nights before. Labitzky’s office was a place of shadows. His patrons preferred to have it so. It’s only light'was that of a tin stable lantern, which—when its door was opened—sufficed to count money by, and more was not needed. No books were kept. To get a look at the stranger’s face, the Jew led the way into the stable, back of the office—where a gas jet flared between the stalls—with the nomi- nal purpose of consulting his hostler upon the team asked for. But his inquisitiveness was baffled. The stranger’s coat collar was turned up, and the brim of his hat bent down, so that only his mustache and the point of his nose were visible. Nevertheless he identified himself to the hostler’s recol- lection, who said readily : “ Oh ! Yes, I know. You had Brown Dick and mate. They’re in now.” And to his employer he added, meaningly but in a seemingly casual way, “ This is the gentleman who got the team the night you were out to the primary.” The fact did not take Joseph by surprise. He had expected it from the moment the man entered the office, and was resolved that this time he would capture the key to the mystery. As before, the stranger borrowed a hack- man’s long waterproof coat. While he was putting it 011, Dabitzky found an (c)994 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. opportunity for whispering to Patsey, the stable boy, ‘ ‘ Shadow him—do not let him get out of your sight.” When the coach was ready, the stranger paid without demur the large hire demanded for mysterious service; arranged that someone should be in waiting from three o’clock, at the corner of Madison Avenue and Forty Third Street, to receive the rig; mounted the box and rapidly drove away. Half a block behind, keeping himself in the shadows, raced Patsey. The lad did not think of it as a hardship, or even a seriously difficult task, that he should be sent out to follow, to an indefinite distance, a team of lively trotters, under orders not to lose sight of them. He was a long, gaunt, raw boned Irish boy, about eighteen years old, with the fleetness and endurance of an Indian and, as he knew by experience, he would be helped to some extent by the many little checks a team necessarily meets with in the crowded streets. Such reliefs would, of course, be less frequent late at night than in the day time, but as he could maintain a jog trot all day long, he had no fear of being left behind. Yet that was the very thing that happened to him within fifteen minutes after setting out. The coach went through the gates at the Thirty Fourth Street ferry, just as they were being closed, and rumbled aboard a boat which was the next moment cast loose and started out of the slip. Patsey, foiled in his attempt to follow through the great gates, had to run around through the passenger entrance, buy a ticket, drop it in the box and—when he reached the big glass doors, found them shut in his face. Tlie.lad was chagrined. Never before had he failed in such an undertaking and it made him all the more angry to think that he should have been beaten simply by circumstances, without even the knowledge of the man he was shadowing. Partly because he was reluctant to return and confess such swift defeat and in part to gain time for invention of some plausible lie he remained loiter- ing in the vicinity of the ferryhouse fully an hour. Then the good fortune he had thought of as barely possible befell him; Brown Dick and mate emerged from the gate, returning to the city and he had another chance. This time, he swore, they should not escape him. Fortunately the driver saw fit to keep in the principal thoroughfares, where the presence of a carriage, at any hour, is not likely to be noticed, as it might be in quieter streets. So Patsey got two helpful lifts from street cars going his way and had no trouble in keeping the vehicle in sight. But when it started up Eighth Avenue, above Fifty Ninth Street, at a much accelerated pace, the conditions became more difficult. Slowly but steadily the runner fell behind, farther and farther, yet still he kept on, with dogged determina- tion, though he began to fear he was sadly out of training and the chase a much longer one than he had bargained for. A Scotch mist was falling and through the murky atmosphere it was difficult to see clearly any considerable distance ahead. From time to time he would lose sight of the object of his pursuit and need to put forth all his energies to go more swiftly for a short distance. At length the coach disappeared and he was quite unable to overtake it. The muscles of his legs seemed burning, the dryness of his throat choked him, heAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 995 panted for breath and knew he could do no more. Somewhere, far ahead, the carriage faded away in the night and mist, while the faint sound of its wheels 011 the soft elastic roadway grew fainter, until it became silence. Chapter XII.—Preparing for the Final Stroke. One week of the two required for the drawing of the will had gone by, and the Mettres now feeling safe from pursuit and well assured of for- tune, were comfortably domiciled, with their victim, in the retired cottage beyond the Harlem. After the nomadic and vicissitudinous career they had been accustomed to for 3'ears, they enjoyed keenly the possession of a luxurious home and their new consciousness of assured competence. The cottage was a very comfortable one and elegantly furnished ; they had been so fortunate as to re tain the widow’s servant, who was an excellent cook ; no neighbors or wants; troubled them, and nothing occurred to disturb their serenity. Rosa rather regretted that the widow had taken the canary away, but promised herself she would soon get one of her own. The third dose of poison had been given to John Roberts, with the re- sultant effects promised by the Italian artist in assassination who provided it. The doomed man had been transformed from the semblance of a corpse to that of an animal. The fever in his veins had ceased to rage, but seemed to have wasted his tissues and burned out his strength. Memory, conscious- ness and will, he had lost. With assistance, he could walk a few steps, totteringly, but if not upheld would fall, and lie where he had fallen, not aware when he was hurt. The only sound he made was an occasional moan. The servant could not help observing—as it was intended she should— how devoted his good wife was in her care of him. Very seldom did she leave him alone more than a few minutes at a time, and her affectionate patience in endeavoring to make him comfortable appeared to be inde- fatigable. During hours together, she sat near him, embroidering beautiful moss rose buds on black velvet—a pair of slippers she was making for Ernest—and sometimes, with tears in her eyes, she would talk to the servant about what a fine man Mr. Roberts was before he had this awful stroke. And as for M. Mettre, the .sick man’s friend, who occupied a room by him- self up stairs, the servant was prepared to vouch that he also was very good. He stayed about the house almost all the time, helping Mrs. Roberts to at- tend upon her sick husband, whose affliction evidently saddened him, and his only distractions were the playing of doleful airs on a flute in his room, and the getting up of dainty French dishes in the kitchen. One day, making sure that their conversation would not be overheard, Rosa said to her husband : ‘ ‘ This farce must soon end. I am getting deadly tired of it. He bores me. And I fancy it is time to call in a physician. We must have one, you know, to get the certificate of death which will be requisite for his burial.” “ True. I had forgotten it ; but what a remarkable woman you are, my dear Rosa ; you forget nothing. Yes ; it is needful. But do you think it altogether safe ? ’ ’996 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. ‘ ‘ Entirely. I have studied him closely. He is a perfect imbecile and so near the end that we have no time to lose. The doctors could not help him, and I do not think any of them would be able to guess that his malady is not a natural one.” “ Nevertheless it might be prudent to get one of not too much intelli- gence. ’ ’ “ That will be easy. But I have talked with the servant, who has lived here some time, and learn there is near by, one who is as if made to order for us. He is young, susceptible, and seeking practice. ” ‘ ‘ His name ? ’ ’ “ Metcalf—Dr. Algernon Metcalf. When I heard that name ‘ Algernon,’ I knew we need seek no farther. Fate bestows upon some infants, instead of brains, certain names, and ‘ Algernon ’ seems to be one of them.” “ It would be a bad joke on us if he should find some way of curing him.” “Impossible. Are not we the nurses?” But, come When a thing has to be done, it is wrell to do it at once. Go and find that doctor. Get the address from the girl, so that she will know you have gone for him.” Dr. Metcalf’s appearance, when he presented himself, confirmed Madame Mettrd in her estimate of Algernons. He wTas young, over dressed, had a weak face and was conspicuously anxious to please, even obsequious in his assent to any suggestions and acceptance of the representations made to him. While he affected to make a critical examination of the patient, the supposed Mrs. Roberts talked to him and, when he spoke, it was but to echo what she had said. Nothing could be done. The case w7as one of progressive and rapid deterioration of brain tissues for which science knew no cure. The fatal ending might be delayed for weeks, or even months, but was inevitable in all such cases. Naturally, he asked some questions as to the cause of the affliction, and the grief stricken wife, bravely repressing her tears, told him. “ I cannot give you any particulars of my own knowledge, but from what I have been told, he brought it upon himself. Unhappy differences betw'een us—things I could not condone—separated us for several years, until quite recently, when I learned of his sad condition and, putting aside all memory of past grievances, hastened to his rescue, but I fear, too late. He had been living among a fast set of men in Chicago, and with his natural tendency to excesses—you can probably imagine, better than I could tell you, the life he led.” The young doctor looked wise and gravely nodded. He could imagine that and he also imagined what a noble, forgiving, self sacrificing wife it was the fortune of this unworthy man to possess. They had not scrupled to carry on this conversation in John Roberts’ presence. He was past understanding their words. In a low easy chair, drawn before the window, he lay with his eyes fixed in a vacant stare upon the ceiling, his arms dangling at his sides, every line of his limp figure expressive of complete prostration, mental and physical. The woman went to him and laying her arm about his head caress- ingly said, in a tone of grief: “ Oh ! you poor dear ! How sorry I am that I ever let you go away fromAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 997 me in anger. If you had been true to yourself and to me, you would not have come to this.” It was like an apostrophe to the dead. Dr. Metcalf’s eyes moistened with sympathy. M. Mettre came in and to him the doctor reiterated what he had said about the hopelessness of.the case. Then he took his departure and at the door Mrs. Roberts put in his hand the most liberal fee he had ever received, much more than he would have ven- tured to expect. M. MettnS had been impatient for him to begone, but that fact was only perceived by her keen eyes and ready perceptions. When she returned to the parlor, after dismissing the doctor, she was smiling. “ He is safe to give me any certificate I want, whenever I want it. He would write it now if I asked him to,” she said. Her husband gave no heed to the remark. Something else preoccupied him and he had ceased even to think of the doctor. He stepped quickly to each of the doors, saw that they were carefully closed and then returning to where Rosa stood lighting the gas, drew a newspaper from his pocket. “ See here ! ” he exclaimed, in a tone of repressed anxiety, “ what do you think of this ? The reward is increased to five thousand dollars J” She read the advertisement deliberately, pondered with knitted brows for a brief space and then answered with calm assurance, “Very well. Let them offer what they like. There is no one who can tell them anything. “It is not that I fear. But the offer of so large a sum demonstrates a powerful interest that may give vis much trouble when we come to claim the property. I do not like the prospect. Some one seeks to dispute with us possession of his wealth.” “ Do not be frightened. All dangers look larger at a distance than when one comes close to them. What can any claimant have to oppose to our rights ? Have I not the evidence that I am his legal wife ? Shall we not have a will in his own hand, leaving everything to me and making you his sole executor ? Let them say what they please about us. There will be the facts, and who else can have so much ? Can they prove negatives ? No. We are all right, I tell you.” “ I wish to believe with you. I do. And yet—we do not know enough about that girl Ethel. Who is her backer ? Where does she get so much money to offer for information? ” “ You are right. We must know more of her. I will go to see her and give her such a grand bluff that she shall tell me all we want to know. ’ ’ Had either of them been observing the haggard, imbecile wreck in the low chair at the window, a strange thing would have been noted. At the mention of Ethel’s name a momentary flash of intelligence appeared in his eyes and he seemed to listen. Chapter XIII.—An Audacious Intrusion. MettriJ was quite right in suspecting that somebody with more means than Ethel Holly possessed was behind her in the offer of that double reward,998 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. but nobody was more surprised by its announcement than the girl herself. She had been thinking only the night before of offering a larger sum, to the extent of every dollar she could command, and had resolved to consult Mr. Ditlierow about it that very morning when the changed advertisement ap- peared. Instead of going to the bank, she sought Mr. Darle}\ “ Late last night,” he told her, “ the legal representative of the Indem- nity Mutual Insurance Company came to my house, with a proposition to add to the reward, on behalf of that corporation, a sum equal to that already offered by you. There was no time to spare if we would have the change appear in this morning’s papers ; I could not consult with you, so I took the responsibility of assenting at once.” “ I am glad you did, Mr. Darley,” she replied, “ But why do you sup- pose this insurance company interests itself to such an extent? ” “ For a very practical, selfish reason, you maybe sure, since the act is that of a corporation. The New York police naturally made inquiries of the Chicago police about John Roberts ; when he left there ; his condition at the time ; who started with him, if any one, and so on, of course mentioning the fact of his disappearance. In some way that leaked out and reached the ears of one of his acquaintances, the local agent of the Indemnity Mutual Company, who had placed an insurance of fifteen thousand dollars on his life. As a business precaution the agent immediately notified the home office and the actuary, or manager, at once took active measures to protect his company against what might turn out to be a swindle. From his po nt of view, it is not a matter involving any personal sympathy, you understand, or admitting of sentimental considerations. For all he knows to the contrary, John Roberts might have put himself out of the way to ‘ beat ’ the company; or conspirators may have disposed of him to win the insurance. In either case, the company would resist payment of the claim and for that possible contest it now seeks to arm itself. I do not at all imagine that it confines itself to this advertisement. No doubt it has shrewd detectives at work already, here, in Chicago and possibly in several other cities. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ Whatever their reasons, we have cause to be thankful for their cooper- ation. We have seemed to be powerless to effect anything.” Ethel returned home in a much more hopeful frame of mind than she. had known since this great trouble came upon her. The sweet sympathy of friends in time of distress may perhaps be soothing to the afflicted, but for real solid comfort" nothing is superior to the consciousness that it is to the selfish interest of somebody, who may have the power, to remove the causes of distress. The phrase is a popular and expressive one, that “money talks,” but it is wrong. Sympathy talks, but money acts. And action is what is needed when things go wrong. The girl remembered having heard it said that an insurance company would spend ten thousand dollars in resist- ing a fraudulent claim for one thousand and she was glad to have such a plucky fighter enlisted in her interest. That afternoon a lady at the door of Miss Holly’s residence asked to see her, but would give no name to the servant who answered her ring, saying simply that as she was unknown to Miss Holly and her call one of business,AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 999 it would not be necessary. Ethel was at her drawing table, endeavoring to distract her thoughts by work, when her visitor appeared. She saw before her a little lady, attired with rich but simple elegance, whose features were physically handsome, though somewhat hard in expression and whose most noticeable characteristic was a very brilliant pair of glittering black eyes, small but full of animation. “ The name by which you are known,” said the stranger, with a note of interrogation in her voice, ‘‘as I have been given to understand, is Ethel Holly.” “ That is my name,” replied the girl, astonished at the mode of address. “Mine, as it may interest you to know, is Mrs. Roberts; Mrs. John Roberts. Do you comprehend ? ’ ’ Ethel staggered and clutched for support the back of the chair by which she was standing, unable to find a word in reply to that astounding averment. The woman went on : “ It has come to my knowledge that close relations existed between you and my husband in Chicago; that he has been paying your expenses here; that you have been exchanging amatory letters ; and that you expected him to rejoin you in this city. You need not attempt to deny the facts. The proofs are in 1113' hands and he has confessed. I suppose you will not find it difficult to understand how a wife looks upon a woman in your position.” Easlied to anger by the woman’s insultingly scornful tone, Ethel re- torted hotly: “I do not know who you are, and when you say you are John Roberts’ wife, I believe you are telling an untruth. He is too true, and noble, to have practised upon me such a cruel deceit as you impute to him. He has no wife.” “ It is just possible that you may be an innocent victim ; girls sometimes are ; and though the world may think differently, I am willing to give you the benefit of the doubt.” ‘ ‘ What evidence can you give me that you are what you say ? ’ ’ “ I am not accustomed to having my word doubted, but we will let that pass. This should be sufficient, I imagine, to answer that question.” As she spoke, she drew from her bosom and displayed a large, showy, steel engraved marriage certificate attesting the union of John Roberts and Rosa Marie Le Brun, by the Rev. Caleb Smith, in Bloomington, Illinois, at the date several years back. Ethel stretched out her hand to take the paper for closer inspection, but the woman drew it back, saying in a tone of suspicion : “ That will do. You can see it quite as well in my hands, and I prefer to re- tain it.” An official looking document possesses an inherent fascination for women. The idea of questioning its genuineness is not apt to occur to them. It awes them into credence, into forgetting that it is just as easy to write a lie as to speak one. Notwithstanding her trust in her lover’s honest loyalty, Ethel felt dazed, bewildered, and burst into tears. The woman seemingly satisfied with the effect produced, continued in a somewhat gentler tone : “ We were married, as you have seen, in Bloomington, six years ago but separated, after only one year. I was jealous, and he gave me too muchIOOO AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. cause for being so. I could not put up with his fondness for other women. But, though I knew he wished me to get a divorce, I would not do so. I still loved him too well, faithless as he had been, and hoped that he would reform and come back to me. He went to Chicago, where, as I have since learned, he led a very gay life as a single man. But a few weeks ago, friends brought us together again. He was suffering the most terrible consequences from his life of unrestrained license, and professed penitence. He confessed his follies—not all, I suppose, but enough—you among the rest and I forgave him. I brought him East, in the faint hope that medical science might still save him, but too late, I fear. He has been gradually sinking and the doctors give me no hope of his recovery. I might utter bitter reproaches to you, but I will not. I simply leave you to your own conscience.” “ Oh madame, you are cruelly unjust to me. How could I be responsible for his condition ? I was, for a short time, employed by him in his office. In his demeanor toward me, in every action of his life within my knowledge, he was the soul of honor, kindness and courtesy. How was I to imagine such sad things as you tell me? I cannot believe them, even yet. In his letters to me, he said nothing of failing health. Onty the day before he left Chicago, he wrote to me a letter full of strength, and happiness, and hope. We were to be married upon his arrival.” “ So I have understood you expected, but it is at his wish that I come to undeceive you and to request the return of his letters and whatever papers of his you have. ’ ’ “Oh !” “ You can hardly refuse the request of a dying man as he is. And I hope you will restrain yourself from making any scandal when he is laid to rest. You would have nothing to gain by it and would only injure whatever reputation you may have here.” “ Here ! You speak, madame, as if my good reputation were a matter of locality. I have nothing to blush for in my relations to John Roberts. Aud why should I, as you say, make a scandal? I do not understand what you fear I might do. I do not seek publicity. Since his mysterious disap- pearance, I have tried to find him, but for his sake as much as my own.” ‘ ‘ You have tried to find him ! What do you mean ? ’ ’ “ I have had the police seeking him and have advertised for information concerning him. This is my advertisement,” and she pointed it out in a newspaper she took up from her table. The false Mrs. Roberts read the proffer of reward very deliberately, with a frown upon her brow, then said severely: “ I think it a piece of unwar- rantable presumption on your part. ’ ’ And before the girl could reply she added with a significant sneer: “ He must have been very liberal, for you to be able to offer so large £ reward. ’ ’ ‘1 Oh ! It is not all mine. The Indemnity Mutual Insurance Company offers half. ” It was with difficulty the woman suppressed a start of alarm at that infor- mation. She had a well founded dread of the determined, cold blooded, com- bative intelligence serving the interests of great insurance corporations andAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. iooi had already resolved to make no claim for the large sum of John Roberts’ policy. It had been her hope that if she let the company alone, it would let her alone, but here it seemed to be, if not exactly taking the initiative in a fight, at least putting itself in an attitude for mixing dangerously in her affairs. There was indeed serious ground for apprehension. But she con- trolled herself well and in a tone of indifference asked, ‘ ‘ Well, what informa- tion have you obtained? ” “ None. None whatever. It has been as if the sea had swallowed him. But you—you were with him ! Were you not ? ’ ’ ‘ ‘ Of course I was with my husband. ’ ’ “ And where is he now? You will let me see him, will you not? Oh ! only for a moment—in pit}7—1—” “ Certainly not ! The idea ! The book of my husband’s errors is closed, ^o allow you to stand by his deathbed would be an indecency. You have done mischief enough. Be satisfied with what advertising of your personality you can get out of your vulgar, sensational creation of a mystery where none exists. Go no farther with it, and leave him to die in peace. Get me those letters and let me go. ’ ’ Ethel stood silent while the woman spoke, motionless as a statue. Those first words of denial seemed to stun her. Then suddenly, a new light burst upon her. Either her entire abandonment of self in that passionate regard for another, or the intensity of the shock she suffered, raised her consciousness above the personal plane and her psychic faculty returned to her, with greater clearness than ever before. A look of horror and loathing overspread her expressive countenance and with a gesture of repulsion, she said to the woman in a low, thrilling monotone: Ah ! I know you now as }7ou are. I see your soul ! It is black with perfidy and cruelty ! You are not a woman, but a fiend ! You have lied to me ! John Roberts is true ! You are not his wife ! You are a murderess ! And I will save him from you ! I will denounce you ! I will-” She choked, tottered, beat the air an instant aimlessly with her hands, and utter- ing a shriek fell unconscious to the floor. Madame Mettre glared savagely down at her for a moment, muttering vindictively : “ Oh ! if I only dared to finish you now ! ” Then the sound of hurried footsteps coming in response to the girl’s cry, recalled her to her- self and with a look of sweet concern, she said smoothly to the servant enter- ing the room, “ I have brought some bad news to the poor young lady and she has fainted. You had better look after her. ’ ’ The next instant she ran down the stairs, out of the front door, sprang into the coupe waiting for her and was carried swiftly away, saying with rage to herself, “ I will take my revenge—through him.” Chapter XIV.—Patsey’s Plan. To Joseph Labitzky the sight of the increased offer was almost madden- ing. As before, his mind’s eye saw far beyond the printed figures and he said to himself it was not simply five, but eight, or even ten thousand dollars1002 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. he might be getting now if that wretched Patsey’s legs and wind had not given out at the critical moment, perhaps when he would have had a half dozen more blocks to go. At one moment Joseph would find himself moved to tears by his deep sense of loss, for he had brought himself to look upon that reward as rightfully his; the next, he would fall to execrating the luck- less Patsey and swearing by all the prophets that he would not be despoiled but yet would find a way to win the prize. The lad, feeling himself guilty, took his master’s reproaches meekly and did more hard thinking over the problem of how to retrieve his defeat than he had ever bestowed upon any one subject in all his life before. And one day an idea, a forlorn hope, occurred to him. “ Why not try what the horses might do for ye, sor,” he suggested tim- idly. “ Sure there’s no end to the knowledgeableness of dumb brutes some- times and Brown Dick has as much sense as a man.” “More than one I know,” growled the Jew bitterly. “But, what the mischief do you mean? ” “ Try if the horses won’t remember where they went that night. Let me put them to the same coach and drive them over the same road he druv them until I was clear beat out and had to give up. Then I'll not put a finger on the lines, but give them their heads, and maybe they’ll think it was the same place they went before that they’re going. ” “ It wouldn’t do any harm to try it,” mused the proprietor. “ Brown Dick has sense. He has come home alone from all parts of the city. There’s no doubt of his being able to remember and think. But—he’s only been there the once.” “ True for you, sor; and the better chance he’ll have. It isn’t like as if he be to go somewhere down town, where maybe his mind would be mixed up betune a hundred times he’d been over the ground every which way.” “ You can try it. Go at once.” Patsey felt a curious interest in the experiment for its own sake, without any participation in, or knowledge of the serious ulterior purposes of his em- ployer, and was soon on his way up town, driving Brown Dick and mate. He followed carefully from the Thirty Fourth Street ferry, the route over which they passed on the night he ran behind them, even made little halts where incidents had occurred to check momentarily their progress on that occasion and switched in and out of car tracks where Mettre, when driving, had made such small divergencies. It was as if the lad, with a shrewd ap- preciation of the value of reawakened impressions, was striving to compel the horses to recall their service that night and prepare them for automatically continuing their present journey by the impulse of that recollection. When they reached Lenox Avenue he let the lines drop upon their backs and per- mitted them to regulate their pace to suit themselves. At the rise to the Central Bridge, they slackened their speed to a walk and Patsey believed the intelligent animals, by their rubbing of noses, nudgings of heads and little snorts, were discussing in a language of their own, what was expected of them and reminding each other of landmarks noted on their preceding jour- ney. So he did not attempt to guide them when they left the bridge by itsAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 1003 northwestern approach and entered upon a maze of new streets, narrow dirt roads and rugged lanes altogether new to him. This part of the 1'oad was heavy and the horses, left to themselves, moved at a pace hardly faster than a languid walk, through bits of woodland, past pretty residences and by well kept grounds that in the summer time were 110 doubt charming. At length, by their own volition, they drew the coach close to the side of the road, before a handsome cottage surrounded by shrub- bery and stopped. Patsey—who had pretended to be asleep on his box, as the readiest explanation, to any observer of the way his horses were allowed to wander at their own sweet will—seemed to wake up, took a keen compre- hensive glance at the house and its surroundings, and with a click of the tor.gue and a light flick of the whip, sent Brown Dick and mate away at a lively trot. No one at the cottage, he believed, had seen him. A pale, hollow faced man, apparently sick, was lying at the window, but his eyes seemed to be fixed on the sky; and no one else was in sight. Labitzky’s heart gave a great bound of joy when he received that report, for he divined that the man at the window wras none other than the “ J. R.” for whose discovery so handsome a reward was offered. In his delight he was rash enough to promise Patsey: “If this brings me good luck, I will give you a dollar, besides y-our wages. ” “ Bedad,” thought the lad, “ It must be a fortune it’ll be worth to him, or he'd never risk breaking his heart with the thought of prodigality like that. I’ll not spend that dollar ’till I get it.” • Confident now of being in a position to exact compensation far beyond the offered terms, the Jew made liaste to see the nominal advertiser, Mr. Darley. But his haste was. that of a rogue, skilled in the ways of rogues and suspicious' of everyone. Going straight to the lawyer’s office he would have deemed preposterous folly7. He did not mean that any hint of what he knew should be wormed out of him until he was sure of receiving his price. And would he put himself in the way of having a pack of detectives turned loose upon him to find out about his business, perhaps to get the secret from foolish Patsey ? No. He was too old to step into any such trap. Besides, he meant to stipulate that in addition to the money reward he should receive assurance that he would not have to appear in the transaction, for notoriety would blast his good repute for trustworthiness among his patrons and he might as well give up business at once, as have the name of being a “ stool pigeon.” Iu the darkness of an areaway across the street from Mr. Darley’s resi- dence, Dabitzky waited late that night, until he had seen guests go away from the house, the lights in the parlor extinguished and other lights set flaring in upper rooms indicative of the family’s retiring. Then lie rang the bell and, when the servant admitted him, stood in the hall nervously tw'irling his hat, until Mr. Darley, enveloped in a dressing gown, came down the stairs. “ I have come about the advertisement,” the caller began. Why did y^ou not come to the office ? That is my place for doing busi- ness,” rejoined the lawyer impatiently. “ It isn’t mine. I preferred to see you here.” “ Well, wliat do you know? Out with it.”1004 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. ‘ ‘ I know where to find the man you are looking for. ’ ’ “ When you prove that, you will receive a check for the reward offered.” “ No. I never handle checks. Money keeps its own secrets; checks blab. But, putting that aside for the present, it is not enough.” “ Five thousand not enough ! ” “ Not for me.” ‘ ‘ How much do you want ? ’ ’ “ Ten thousand.” “ Oh ! That is preposterous ! You surely are not serious.” “ That is my price.” “ But I have no authority to pay any such amount. I am only the repre- sentative of another person, j'ou understand.” “ Then we can do no business until you obtain authority. It may seem a considerable sum to you, sir, but it would not be worth my while to take, for less, the risks that giving away this job will involve for me.” “ Ah ! Then you know there is a conspiracy, and who are in it ? ” “ I’m saying nothing about what I know until you get authority to deal.” “ But do you not see that the more comprehensive your knowledge is, the more likely consent to increased payment will be ? ” “ Perhaps. But I haven’t lost any conspirators and am not hunting any. You want to know where the man is. All I have to say at present is that I can put my hand on him.” ‘ ‘ Then he is alive still ? ’ ’ “ At four o’clock this afternoon he was.” “ And for ten thousand dollars you will restore him to his friends and give up to justice the persons who abducted him ? ” “ As to him, yes; but about them, I’ll have to think it over. Maybe it would be safer for me. It depends on that.” “Very well. Think it over. I have no doubt it can be arranged. Where shall I send to let you know if I receive the authorization ? ’ ’ “ You will not send anywhere,” replied the informer with a grin. “I don’t give you my address for fear you might accidentally lose it and some poor innocent fly cop, picking it up, might take unnecessary trouble on my account. See ? And I’m not likely to ever be at home anyway. All you will have to do will be to put in tomorrow evening’s News an advertisement of three words, * Reliable—Agreed—Ten.’ You give me your word now that these will not appear except in good faith, that no game will be put up to do me out of my money and that no spy will be employed to find out who I am or my business ? ’ ’ “ I pledge you my word of honor that there shall be no attempt to take an unfair advantage of you in any way.” “ I’m satisfied. You’re a gentleman. Then if the ad. comes out I’ll be here, at your door, as soon as it’s dark, to take you and any one person you want to bring along to where the man is. I’ll fetch a coach. And you’d better be armed, for the people who take the chances of jobs like this are not likely to be lambs and doves.” “ I suppose not. Arms will be a matter of course.”AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 1005 When Dabitzky emerged from the lawyer’s house, he walked rapidly, keep- ing close in the shadows of the trees where practicable and often glancing j behind him until he reached the next street. There, with the agility of a coyote, he darted around the corner, leaped into a butcher’s cart held in wait- ing for him by Patsey, and instantly went clattering away at breakneck speed and behind Brown Dick. Chapter XV. —A Friend in Need. The portentious incidents of that eventful day were not limited to Rosa’s call upon Miss Holly and Dabitzky’s visit to the lawyer. Through still another strange happening, promise dawned for elucidation of the mystery overhanging the fate of John Roberts. When the Indemnity Mutual Insurance Company started its energetic measures for self protection, it had, as Mr. Darley supposed, employed persons to obtain all possible information concerning every one known to have been associated with the missing man and at all likely to have an interest in what became of him, or the resultants from his disappearance. Very naturally Miss Holly was at first an object of lively suspicion. Nobody else appeared upon whose behalf a claim of the insurance was so likely to be made. Of course, it was not known whether John Roberts had made any will or not, but if he had, nothing would be more probable than that he should have left everything to the girl he was about to marry, for he was not a man of hobbies and it could not be learned that he had any family, or even distant relatives. And since every hypothesis had to be considered, it was not to be looked upon as an utterly impossible thing, that he, having closed out his Western business and being free, might have engineered his own disappear- ance, with her complicity, to defraud the company, as a preliminary to leaving the country and joining her abroad. Men had done such things. The actuary talked the case over exhaustively with his friend the chief medical examiner, who was the oldest officer in the company’s service, and kept him informed upon the progressive steps in the investigation energetically prosecuted by their agents. In this way Dr. Buchanan—the examiner in question—knew of the suspicions against Miss Holly and how thoroughly they had been dissipated by perfected knowledge of her character and that of her lover. And a strong sympathy sprang up in the good old man’s heart for the unhappy girl, alone in the great selfish city, almost friendless and burdened by such deep affliction. He had daughters of his own and tears stood in his eyes as he thought of the possibility of their being placed in her situation. That her intended husband had been murdered for purposes of robbery and would never be found again, even as a corpse, he deemed but too probable, and the contemplation of her melancholy future, clouded by grief and, in all likelihood, embittered by poverty, saddened him. He resolved to make her acquaintance, console and befriend her and to this end procured from Mr. Darley—whom he knew well—a note of introduction, which he pre- sented within a couple of hours after the false Mrs. Roberts had left her.ioo6 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. Ethel’s eyes were red and her face swollen with weeping, but she had so far regained command over herself that she received him with the calm and kindly gravity characteristic of her under ordinary conditions. Words were not needed to assure her that he was a friend, worthy of her respect and con- fidence ; her reawakened psychic consciousness made that one of the things she ‘ ‘ simply knew. ’ ’ “I am glad you have come, sir,” she said. ‘‘I have just had a very terrible experience that should be made known to Mr. Darley, but it has left me too weak to go out.” “ If you will tell me about it, I will certainly do anything I can to help you,” he said. Clearly, vividly, she narrated to him the circumstances of the strange woman’s visit and the astounding pretensions she had made, mentioning also her own consciousness at the close of the interview, of the real character of the bold imposter. “I was so weak and shaken, when brought to my senses,” she concluded, “that I had to lie down. I was overcome by the appalling fact she so daringly avowed, that Mr. Roberts is in her hands and at her mercy. She is, I am sure, the woman who claimed to be his wife at the police station and under that pretense carried him off. But she is not his wife. She is a creature of infinite perversity and wickedness, who would not hesitate to take his life any more than she has scrupled to lake his name to serve her own ends. ’ ’ ‘ * How do you know that, my child ? ’ ’ asked the old doctor eying her keenly. “ I cannot tell you. I know it, as I know that I live, that sunshine is light, that you mean no harm to me. I just feel it, in my heart.” “ I thought so. I believed, at sight of you, that you are gifted with a highly sensitive psychic nature and what you say confirms me in that impres- sion. Have you ever before had such intuitive consciousness concerning persons ? ’ ’ “ Almost always, under normal conditions, but during this great trouble, until today, nothing has seemed clear to me. Even my impressions concern- ing John have been clouded. I felt confident that he was still alive. That I have known all the time and it has been some consolation to me. If he were dead, I would know it. But I have also felt constantly that he was in im- minent danger and the thought has been almost maddening.” “It is easy to understand wh}^ your psychic sight has been obscured. The mental vibrations caused by your anxiety have been too violent. If you had strength of will sufficient to control them, you would see now, clearer than before. Could 37ou, at any time, by fixing your thought upon your fiance, induce an objective realization of him—seem to see him with your eyes ? ” *1 That has happened, but only when I have been reading a letter from him. My impressions are not like that. I do not seem to see the faces, and bodies and clothes of people, but what they are like inside, in their minds and hearts. It is very strange and has made me afraid sometimes. ’ ’ “ It should not. It is the sight of the angels ; the sight all pure soulsAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 1007 will liave when freed from their clay dungeon ; and you should rejoice in its possession. If you were less good than you are, you would not have it.” As he spoke, he stooped and picked up from the floor a lady’s glove that had fallen beside the table, upon which he threw it. Ethel, with a little curiosity took it in her hand, but at the instant of contact uttered a cry of horror: “Ah!” she exclaimed “ It is hers ! I see her again ! ” and flung it from her. The doctor smiled and his eyes brightened. Scientific interest mingled with his personal sympathy. “You are an excellent subject,” he said, almost with enthusiasm; “ splendidly sensitive. I believe, if you have the courage to undertake what I am about to propose, you will be able to do more than any one else to unravel this mystery and find John Roberts. ’ ’ “For that I have the courage to do anything. I would give my life to save him.” “ I do not doubt it. But you will simply be required to give your con- sciousness for a time, to resign its control to another person.” For a moment she looked troubled, then asked ‘1 To you ? ’ ’ “Yes.” “ I am willing. ” “It is well that you should understand clearly what is purposed and why. I believe that, in addition to the wonderful clairvoyant power often manifested by persons in the hypnotic sleep, the strong bond of sympathy between you and him will be of great effect in aiding you to lead rescuers to where he is. In ordinary hypnotic experiments, the subject simply obeys the will of the operator. This case must be different. The hypnotee must follow the direction of the impulse in her own soul. ’ ’ “ I am ready for the test at once.” “I am not,” replied the doctor, with impressive gravity; “I only employ the power when the most serious reasons exist and then with ex- treme precautions, for I appreciate the awful responsibilities incurred by him who takes into his keeping, even for an instant, the mind of another and I am too prudent to invite certain risks inseparable from its exercise. To- morrow afternoon I will return here, at this hour, and, if you are still of the same mind, we will make the attempt. Do not go out. Get as much rest as you can and bring your brain to as placid a condition as possible by the time I return. I will notify Mr. Darley, and others concerned, of that woman’s visit to you and her pretensions. You will not need to worry about her any more. Until tomorrow, I bid you good by.” While thus, from two directions, inimical forces threatened to converge upon the conspirators for the destruction of their well laid and hitherto suc- cessful plans, they in happy confidence of triumph, deemed themselves prac- tically within reach of the prize for which they had taken such desperate chances. While Madame Mettre was learning from Miss Holly who was be- hind her lavish offer of reward, her husband was rejoicing in possession of a will that was, in its way, a masterpiece of nefarious art. It purported to be a holograph and, had John Roberts been in full possession of his senses, he would have hesitated to affirm, after the most careful inspection, that he hadioo8 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. not unconsciously penned it with his own hand. Every delicate feature and small peculiarity of his chirography had been preserved, £ind he could not himself have defined with nicer precision of detail every item of his estate, all of which it devised to his “ beloved wife, Rosa Marie Roberts.” “ It is beautifully done ! ” she said, in almost envious admiration of the consummate skill in rascality which it demonstrated. “ And note,” observed her husband, “ that it is written upon paper bear- ing the water mark of a Chicago firm of law stationers, and that I have two sheets more of the same to put among his papers, one of them bearing a rough draft of part of the will, also in his hand, and as carefully executed as the finished document. That shows what it is to have things done by a finished artist, one who knows what he is about and takes pains. It is only a little thing and may never have to be brought to light, but what a strong bit of presumptive argument will base itself upon such a circumstance ! ” “ I see. It is lovely. One can have confidence in a man who thinks of things like that.” “ And as he has an eye to his ten thousand yet to get, lie makes smooth the way to probate of the will. Having been disbarred, some years ago, for some trifling occurrence of which prejudiced cognizance was taken, he cannot himself appear to offer it, but he has given me a note to a lawyer, still in good standing, who will take charge of it and if necessary make affidavit that it was put in his hands by Mr. Roberts, who was his client. I am to see him and give it to him tomorrow. ” “ Then what is to prevent our making a finish of it tomorrow night ? ” “ Nothing that I am aware of. Everything is ready now and it cannot make any difference to him when he dies.” “ But it will to me. I am tired of seeing him. He bores me.” “ You had better call Dr. Metcalf in during the forenoon and impress upon him that his patient is failing fast. And it will be well to fix Mr. Roberts up a little to receive him. With a few drops of that blue aniline ink, make a wash with just a faint tinge of color and apply it around his eyes and on his cheeks to make him more cadaverous looking. Then put his hands in a basin of ice water, just before the doctor is let in. It will give a good effect when his pulse is felt. With those helps you will be able, I have no doubt, to make the young fool believe the man is actually dying, or at most will only last a few hours. And his testimony may be of use to us in case his science proves correct, as I think it will.” “ For once,” responded Madame Mettre with a smile, “ science will have what you call ‘ a sure thing. ’ ” ‘ ‘ The memory of that insurance comes back to me. F ifteen thousand. The pang is bitter that we shall have to abandon it. It would do us so much good.” “ Believe me, my dear Ernest, it is for the best. That coifipauy prepares itself for a fight and we cannot afford too close inquiry into our affairs. It will wait for us to attack by a claim. Then it will crush us. That is its program. But if we remain quiet, we will be able to secure all the rest and be out of the country while it is still waiting.”AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 1009 “ Yes; you are no doubt right. I can see it. But the sacrifice is one to cause grief, all the same.” “ Do not think of it. Nothing hurts that you do not think of,” replied Madame Rosa. “ I suppose it would not look well to have the funeral in less than a couple of days ? ’ ’ ‘ ‘ No. That will bring it on Sunday ; a good day. I will go down to the city and get mourniag for you on Friday. Monday the will may be offered for probate. There will be no contest, for that girl will not dare to open her head, if she happens to learn anything about it, which she probably will not. Within a month we shall have possession and, with our pockets full, be en route for Paris.” “Aha ! Paris again; at last, with means to enjoy a good, long, well earned holiday ! It is Elysium that opens before us. ’ ’ Chapter XVI.—The Meeting at the Cottage. On Dr. Buchanan’s second visit to Miss Holly he was accompanied by a gentle, sweet faced girl whom he introduced as “ my daughter Lizzie,” and a stalwart young man, made known as “ Mr. Burnham, from the office.” He did not think it worth while to explain that Mr. Burnham was an officer, whose especial value lay in his strength and courage. The doctor rightly judged that upon such an enterprise as he was about to engage in, the backing of a stronger force than two weak girls might be desirable. Mr. Darley, he regretted to say, could not be present, as he had a prior engagement. What that engagement was, may be inferred from the fact that among the ‘ ‘per- sonals ” in that evening’s News was one consisting of only the three words : “ Reliable—Agreed—Ten.” Before we begin,” said the doctor to Ethel, “ I may as well explain to you that young woireu, upon recovering from the hypnotic state, are some- times subject to hallucinations, such as much more frequently occur after insensibility produced by anaesthetics. I have therefore deemed it proper to have my daughter as well as Mr. Burnham present, to witness all that takes place.” Ethel did not understand clearly what he meant; but, satisfied that, what- ever it might be, the: old man was probably right, nodded her acquiescence. “Now,” he continued, “we will proceed. You are all ready forgoing out ? ” “ All but my hat and cloak.” “ Lizzie will put them on you when we are ready to start. Will you let me have one of those letters you spoke of yesterday ? ’ ’ “ Willingly,” she answered, rising and procuring one which she gave to him. “ This glove may also be of use, possibly,” he remarked, taking from his pocket the one he had picked up the day before. “ Oh ! ” exclaimed Miss Holly, with a shudder, “ That’s what became of it. I sought it everywhere, to have the girl throw it into the fire.” “ I supposed you would, so took the precaution of securing it. Even if (D)IOIO AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. we have no occasion to use it, it was better away from you last night. Now, put yourself in an easy position and look steadily into my eyes.” After a few minutes of stillness and silence the doctor leaned forward and made several downward passes before the girl’s face. As he did so, her eyes closed. He w’aited a little, then made some simple tests of her condition, raising an arm, lifting an eyelid for a glance at the pupil beneath, and noting her pulse. The result seemed to satisfy him. “ Can you hear me perfectly ? Answer,” the old doctor said in a voice of authority. “Yes.” “ You will hear only my voice, and obey me? ” “ I will.” ‘ ‘ Can you see the w’riter of this letter ? ” ‘ ‘ I—I cannot. He is not here. ’ ’ “ Seek him. Take this letter in your hand. You must find him. I will it. Well, have you found him? ” He spoke slowly, commandingly, with a short pause between his phrases. At first Ethel’s face wore a troubled expression, the brows knitting as if she were puzzled or endeavoring to concentrate her thought, then she manifested much mental distress, her lips quivered and tears ran down tier cheeks. ‘ ‘ Oh ! ’ ’ she moaned. ‘ ‘ How he is changed ! It is terrible ! How he must have suffered! He will die! John! John!” Her excitement in- creased as she went on and climaxed in her screaming utterance of the name. “Be calm!” interposed the doctor, renewing his passes. “Control yourself, or I will not let you see him any more. Now then ! That is better. Have courage. Remember; you must save him. You can do nothing unless you are calm. Will you be tranquil now ? ” “ I will try7. Yes. I will obey you.” “ Nowr look again. Find him and tell me what you see.’ “ He is lying in a low arm chair. He looks like a corpse and aeems un- conscious. Two persons are in the room with him, a small man, who is very bad and that horrible woman.” ‘ ‘ The woman to whom this belongs ? ’ ’ asked the doctor, lightly touching her hand with the glove. She shivered and in a voice of intense loathing and fear replied : ‘ ‘ Yes ! Yes ! It is she. The murderess ! ” She became excited, making feeble aimless gestures and emitting inar- ticulate cries like one in a nightmare until the doctor restrained and soothed her. “Oh ! ” she moaned, weeping, “ They mean to kill him. I saw it in their eyes. He is helpless and they will murder him ! ” “No,” said the doctor in a tone of confidence, “You will save him. But you cannot unless you control yourself. You must be calm. Can you lead us to him ? ” “ I do not know. It is very far. ’ ’ “ You must; it is to save him.” “ I will try. Yes. I will.”AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. ion ‘ ‘ Good ! You are brave. Now control yourself and you will be strong. Let us go at once.” She rose and moved toward the door, but the doctor detained her long enough for his daughter to put on her hat and cloak. Then they went out to the doctor’s carriage. Burnham, who had received no hint of what was to happen, and had never seen anything of the sort before, walked like a man in a dream. The girl’s appearance and strange speech alarmed him and he even felt a “creepy” sensation as he looked at the good old doctor, so bland, yet wielding such awful and mysterious power. He preferred to ride 011 the box with the driver. In the carriage Dr. Buchanan asked of the hypnotee : “ Which way shall we go ? ” “Uptown, very far.” 1 ‘ On the east or west side ? ’ ’ “ The west.” “ You must direct us from time to time and check us if we go wrong.” “ I will, if I can.” “ You must. It is to save him. And I will it.” “ I will.” And so they continued 011 through the maze of streets under the guidance of Ethel in her hypnotic state. Leaving thei®to pursue their way, it will be well to see what was the out- come of Mr. Darle>’s enigmatic communication to his midnight visitor through the evening paper. He was not disappointed. Labitzky presented himself soon.after dusk, in a better mood for giving all the help he could than the lawyer had ventured to hope. The Jew had thought the situation over wTell and was not only resolved that nothing should stand in the way of his getting those ten thousand dollars, but was convinced that his own personal safety demanded the seizure of the conspirators. He would even give his personal aid to their capture, if necessary, for even a damaged reputation among his patrons would be preferable to finding some night an avenging knife among his ribs. The wintry day had dropped into the edge of night when Mr. Darley, having made elaborate preparation for what he surmised might be a long and cold ride, stepped into Labitzky’s coach, accompanied by a man he did not trouble himself to introduce. Indeed, he could not have given any formal introduction, if even he had been so minded, for he did not know the name of the informer. And the Jew was not conscious of any lapse of courtesy. He habitually moved among men who are chary about giving their real names and look upon undue curiosity as a reprehensible, perhaps the only real vice. “ I suppose it’s all right as we agreed last night it should be if the ad. appeared ? ” he saic. in a low tone to Mr. Darley as that gentleman presented himself at the coach door. “ Yes. It is all right. Keep your part of the bargain and we will keep ours. ’ ’ “ Jump in then, sir. We’ve a longish way to go.” Patsey slammed the door and, as if starting in a race, Brown Dick and1012 AN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. mate struck into a swift, long stride trot. And although neither party was aware of it, a race really was on. Of the two carriages thus directed toward the same point, the doctor’s had the disadvantage of going the'more slowly owing to the manner in which its course was directed, but the more than counterbalancing advantage of nearly an hour’s start. And the route it pursued was at least as direct as if the driver had known his way in advance, instead of being dependent upon orders communicated to him from time to time, through the little speaking tube in- side the vehicle. Indeed, some delay wras occasioned by the clairvoyant’s disposition to prescribe an air line, without reference to the hindrance offered by blocks of buildings. Several times she said they were going wrong, when they were of necessity traversing long squares of right angles to their line of general direction. When this was understood, however, and duly allowed for, there was no more difficulty and they got along swiftly enough, but as they neared the cottage where John Roberts was secreted, Ethel’s excitement became so great that Dr. Buchanan felt compelled to awake her from the hyp- notic sleep and put her in Lizzie’s charge. This he did the moment he was able to elicit from her any coherent assurance that the house before which their carriage halted was the one of their destination. The party alighted and looked earnestly about them. Everything was quiet and none of the inmates of the house seemed to be cognizant of the arrival of the carriage.	m Leaving the two girls in the shelter of the vehicle, the doctor and Burn- ham entered the grounds and approached the low’ windows of the well lighted parlor. The curtains were dropped, but one had fallen upon the back of a chair, which held it out of place and permitted a view of the room. A wan, ghastly looking man reclined in a deep chair before the fire. At a table a little behind him, stood a man and a woman—Mr. and Mme. Mettre—the former in the act of letting fall, from a tiny vial, some colorless drops, into a glass of water held by the latter. The doctor intuitively realized the situation and in a hoarse, agitated whisper, said to Burnham—a man of deeds who needed no second telling : ‘ ‘ Stop them ! Get in there ! At once ! ’ ’ With a short run and a leap the young athlete hurled his heavy w'eight against the front door of the cottage, bursting it from its hinges with a crash and sending it flying down the little lialhvay. The next second he was in the parlor, with the doctor close at his heels and the two girls follow- ing. Ethel, seeing nothing but the wreck of the man she loved, uttered a shriek and fell upon her knees beside the chair, with her arms about him, calling to him in endearing terms. At that precise instant, Labitzky’s coach stopped before the door and its occupants, excited by the sounds of turmoil that had reached them, leaped out and ran to the garden gate. Meanwhile, Mettre, who had already corked the vial, startled by Burnham’s tornado like invasion, dropped it upon the table and evading the clutch by which the young man attempted to seize him, sprang headlong through the window, carrying the sash with him. The three men who had arrived by the second carriage were between him and theAN IMPROMPTU CONSPIRACY. 1013 gate when he recovered himself from his fall. As the light from the window fell full upon his face, Patsey recognized him and screamed: “That’s him ! That’s the divil ! Catch him ! ” L,abitzky, who was nearest, sprang upon him and they fell together. In an instant the Jew uttered a shriek of “ Murder ! ” and Mettre struggled to his feet, with blood covering his right hand and dripping from a long knife it grasped. But before he could take one step in flight, the crack of a pistol rang out and he fell again, to rise 110 more. The man accompanying Mr. Darley had shot him down. He and Eabitzky died at the same moment. Meanwhile, Madame Mettre, with rage and despair in her heart, realized that in an instant, at the very moment of supreme confidence in the realiza- tion of her hope, destruction had overwhelmed her ; that not only wTere her well laid plans shattered, t}ut that all life for her would henceforth be in the cold gray horror of a prison cell. Escape wTas impossible. Before one door stood the man who had burst his way in ; at the other, two more men ; in front of the window the doctor and outside it she knew not what, possibly Ernest, dead. Turning her back to her captors, she covered her face with her hands and seemed to weep. In the excitement of the moment attention was directed away from her, while preparations were made to make John Roberts comfortable. “ Ethel ! Dear Ethel ! I knew you would come to me,” whispered John Roberts, to the dear girl who pillowed his head upon her breast and kissed his brow. In a weak voice and with few words, for he was very feeble, he told that he had been fully conscious for two or three days, but had simulated utter prostration in the hope that he might regain his strength sufficiently to make a fight for his life, before his progressive recovery wras suspected. He knew perfectly, from the conversation his captors carried on unrestrain- edly in his presence, that they meant eventually to murder him, but had not known when, until that morning. And, as they measured out the death drops, that would kill and yet leave not a trace, he was endeavoring to nerve himself to grasp the poker, just within his reach, when deliverance came. A heavy fall upon the floor startled the listeners who were giving their strained attention to his thrilling whispers. Madame Mettre had escaped. The body that had been hers lay a corpse before them. She had had the presence of mind to snatch up and conceal the vial of poison and under cover of her pretended weeping, easily found opportunity to drain it of its deadly contents, many times enough to rid her of life. John Roberts’ leonine constitution enabled him ultimately to recover en- tirely from the effects of the poison, but not for a long time. Fortunately the purpose of his intending assassins to keep him alive until such time as their plans should be complete, had made them cautious in the administration of the second and third doses, so that although the effects upon him were terrible, they were not of a nature to destroy his great vitality'or permanently affect his mind. He married Ethel Holly as soon as he was able to utter the responses loud enough for an officiating clergyman to hear. J. //. Connelly. THE ENDTHE BRIDE OF HIS DUCAL HIGHNESS. "What befell when the Princess Olga met the secretary of the Grand Duie—The tragic out- come of an inopportune attachment—A strange ceremonial tl:e court chaplain was called upon to perform. ^pHE betrothal of the Princess Olga of Rothenburg Schwerin and the Grand Duke Leopold of Meizweich Holstein had just been announced in tire Residenz Stadt and the city was decked in gala colors to welcome him. On all sides were heard approval and contentment. To unite his own small dominion with the larger adjoining one of the grand duke, had been a long cherished dream of Prince Heinrich of Rothenburg Schwerin; a vague hope of all his kinsmen. The duchy of Meizweich Holstein was a rich and powerful one, and one of the emperor’s most cherished provinces. The grand duke himself, a courteous gray haired man of fifty, was slight and of frail build, but gracious and charming and well beloved by all who knew him. Widely traveled and a great student he had devoted most of his life to his books, until warned by his approaching years, that he was still a bachelor and without an heir. He realized the importance of a speedy marriage, and was aroused to look for a suitable bride. It seemed as if he could do no better than to seek nearest his home, and pluck the fair flower of the house of Rothenburg from the parent stem. And so he had come, with only his per- sonal staff and his secretary, to see for himself this young princess whom he had heard spoken of in such glowing terms. Student that he was, a sight of her fresh girlhood moved him strangely, and roused within him some of the forgotten vigor of his youth. He found himself anxious to press his suit, eager to secure his prize, and fortune favored him. The prince met him half way, the townspeople showered honors upon him ; and sweet Princess Olga herself seemed content to accept her father’s choice. The prince’s dead wife had been a devout Catholic, and although she outwardly accepted the Lutheran faith of her husband, she had contrived to have Princess Olga go as a child to the good nuns, who had brought her up to womanhood wisely and well, and sent her back to her father’s court, with a heart as fresh as the roses on her cheeks, and a soul as unsullied as her eyes. It was early in the autumn, the leaves were just turning gorgeous colors, and the winds blowing keener from the north and in the palace the great log fires burned everywhere. The Princess Olga ran lightly down the broad stairway, her lips parted smilingly, bent upon seeing her father, to plead the cause of a poor wretch who had come to her notice, and whose need touched her warm heart. She felt sure of her success, knowing in v/hat high favor her father held her, now that she had consented to a marriage with the grand duke, and had already promised to let it be in the near future. She knocked on the door of the prince’s sitting room, and waited ; andTHE BRIDE OF HIS DUCAL HIGHNESS. 1015 then she pushed it open and entered. A young- officer got up hastily from the desk where he was writing and stood facing her, his hand resting on the papers beside him. She looked gently at him, and smiled her own gracious smile. “Ah,” she said, “I did not know any one was here.” She held her beautiful head erect, her slim fingers clasped lightly in front of her. Her reddish brown hair, parted over her brows, was twisted in a loose knot on her neck. Her browu eyes, full of innocent surprise, rested on him lingeringly. They met his, full of warm, undisguised admiration. He spoke German fluently, but with a slight accent. “ The gracious highness will pardon my being here. It is by the order of the prince. I am the secretary of his ducal highness. The prince has taken him to the stock farms.” She smiled cordially, threw her head a trifle back, and looked at him from under her lashes. “ Then you are the Englishman? ” she said. Her very presence sent a curious new sensation through him, and he drew in his breath quickly. “ I am Wallingford,” he replied. “ The gracious highness honors me in remembering that I am an Englishman.” He waited, a trifle stiffly, knowing that etiquette demanded of him nothing but that. But Princess Olga drew a step nearer. “ How did you know who I was? ” she asked. Pie closed his eyes sud- denly. “I saw the gracious highness a year ago, when I came to Rotlienburg Schwerin. ’ ’ “Where was I?” interrupted the princess. Wallingford realized the novelty of the situation, and wondered vaguely why it was not strange. Somehow it seemed quite natural that he should talk to her, and he smiled back at her. “The gracious highness was skating,” he said, “with the young Duke of Gotha, and-” he stopped. “ Well,” said the princess imperiously, “ go 0x1.” She leaned forward, her face alight with life and youth. The faint per- fume around her floated over to him ; it sent a fume like wine to his head. He pulled himself together suddenly. ‘ ‘ The gracious highness will forgive me, ’ ’ he said. ‘ ‘ I have forgotten the rest.”	„ She looked at him, and then she said slowly in English : “ That is not true. You mean you do not wish to tell me.” She spoke with a charming suspicion of faint accent. She had learned her English at the convent and was a trifle proud of it. The sound of his own tongue spoken by her, was a revelation, and he forgot that she was a princess, and he in Rotlienburg Schwerin, and answered her, in English, quickly: “You were annoyed with him, and left him and skated alone.” A faint frown touched her straight eyebrows. “He was very insolent,” she said. “I remember it Well.” She looked at Wallingford, taking in his tall, broad figure, his Saxon head and frank gray eyes, his clean shaven, well shaped mouth, with itsioi6 THE BRIDE OF HIS DUCAL HIGHNESS. sensitive corners and firm under lip. She continued : “I do not like him at all. He would talk to me of nothing but love.” “ And is that a crime? ” said Wallingford gravely. Her eyes fell. “ I thought so then,” she replied. “ And now? ” asked Wallingford. “ And now I do not know',” she murmured. Wallingford lost his head a trifle. “Think,” he said. “Think!” He laughed nervously. “ I am writing the announcement of the betrothal to Meizweich Holstein. The girl’s face whitened suddenly. “Ah,” she exclaimed, “ I had forgot- ten that. Must it be told so soon? ” A great wave of pity swept over Wallingford and he came across to her and spoke in English. “ They told me it was your wish, and that you gave your hand willingly—that you were happy. Surely that is. so. Tell me.” He bent forward anxiously'. She seemed so young and so fair ; and he realized suddenly that which made his heart beat. Alas for Rothenburg etiquette and the formalities of the ducal court at Meizweich Holstein ; the Princess Olga, w ith a heart beat- ing until it fairly stifled her, and a pair of great brown eyes full of tears, proved too much for the grand duke’s secretary. He forgot everything. “Ah, little girl,” he said, “don’t cry. It hurts me to see you do it. Please.” The Princess Olga bent her head lower. Through her throbbing heart darted wonderful, delicious, unknown tremors of happiness. She put out her hand impulsively, and he took it in both his; and then bending he kissed it hotly again and again. Alas for the grand duke, gravely and politely admiring the stock farms of the prince ; j'outli and love and beauty were against him ; and the little Princess Olga realized it suddenly. “Shall I see you again?” she asked timidly; and Wallingford with his heart in his eyes, said, “ I know I have no right, but yes, yes, a thousand times. Tonight at the ball.” That night the Princess Olga, radiant with jewels and satins, received gravely the congratulations of her father’s court. Prince Heinrich unbent wonderfully, his contentment shining in every line of his broad red face, and his satisfaction beaming out of his small eyes. Near him stood the grand duke, surrounded by his aides; and among them, his magnilicent shoulders towering above the others, Wallingford, in the pale blue broadcloth and white shoulder straps of Konigin Olga’s dragoons. Under his smoothly parted hair his brain seemed on fire. He watched the princess, taller and more stately in her long satin gown, and envied the diamonds on her round white throat; the star in her soft hair. So suddenly had this taken possession of him that it seemed to drive all before it, and to him there was but one thing in the world to be desired and that one thing beyond his reach. Old Facher, the court chaplain, looked at him intently, and followed the gray eyes which rested on the princess; noted keenly the repression of the Englishman’s mouth, and the slight heaving of his shoulders. Wiser than any man at court, he drew back and watched.THE BRIDE OF HIS DUCAL HIGHNESS. IOI7 The dancing had begun. The princess turned gaily to the grand duke, “ I mean to dance with all of your aides.” He smiled graciously. Do, my dear, ’ lie said. “ And remember they will be your aides before long.” She danced with three of them, and returned each time to the grand duke, who greeted her smilingly. She had grown very dear to him in this short time, and he loved to see her treat him as if she knew he sympathized with her every mood and fancy. And at the next dance he turned to her. “ You have forgotten Wallingford,” he said. “ And Wallingford is not to be forgotten. I took such a liking to him in London that I persuaded him to come to Meizweich Holstein and live with me. You must be very nice to Wallingford, Olga, because he is so loyal to me and I am fond of him. Ted, the princess is to dance this with you.” Wallingford started suddenly. “ If you will forgive me, your grace,” he said, “ I fear I do not dance the German step.” Tiie duke laughed lightly. “ Nonsense,” he said; “ I’ve seen you dance at home. Come, Ted, the princess is waiting,” and pleasantly, smilingly, he sent them off together. And Facher, the chaplain, shook his wise old head and looked after them. The music of the Waltz was full of a heavy under current; it hummed in Wallingford’s ears and drowned his voice as he spoke to her. ‘ ‘ The gracious highness-’ ’ “ No, 110,” she said. “ Speak English to me and be English, too. I an? weary of German. ’ ’ Still he insisted. “ I have no right.” She looked up at him as they danced. I give you the right,” she said. “ Forget that I am a princess, and be 3?ourself. ” He drew her closer. “ Do you know my head is gone,” he said. “ Completely. I cannot talk to you, I must not.” Her hair touched his brow as they waltzed. He shiv- ered slightly and drew back. “ If you were the grand duke,” she said softly, “ what would you do ? ” “ I would be the: happiest man in the world.” ‘ ‘ And now ? ’ ’ she asked. He shrugged his shoulders. ‘ ‘ What difference can it make ? ’ ’ “ Listen,” she said. “ It is 110 time for such words. We have only a few moments to speak. Why will you not be yourself? ” Then he spoke to her rapidly, and without choosing his words: ‘‘I will do as you say. You have driven me quite mad. I love you, Olga. I love you so that I am afraid to look at you. If only you were a lit- tle English girl; no one should part us. No one should see you, or have you, or touch you, but just I, myself. But you know it is impossible, all of it. And I am a disloyal friend and yet I cannot keep silent. Why did you come to the library today ? ” “ It is fate,” said the girl gravely. “ And I—I am glad I came.” She raised her head and looked over his shoulder at the grand duke. ‘‘What is your name?” she asked. “Is it Ted. That was what he called you. It is a dear, quaint little name. Ted.” She repeated it softly and lovingly.ioi8 THE BRIDE OF HIS DUCAL HIGHNESS. “ Do not say it again,” he said. “ I cannot bear it.” For one moment longer he held her and then the music ceased and he took her back to the grand duke. Facher, the chaplain, came up to him and touched him on the shoulder. “Come,” he said. “Tell me of London. I was there many years ago. ’ ’ The next day the Princess Olga sat looking listlessly out: of her window, when her maid Johanna came in breathlessly. “Ah, highness, dear highness ! ” she cried. “ Such a dreadful thing has happened.” Olga’s heart seemed to contract suddenly. “What?” she asked. “Tell me at once.” The tears rolled down Johanna’s rosy cheeks. “It is so sad,” she said. “The tall young Englishman, the secretary " of his ducal highness, he is dying, and at my mother’s, highness. They found him in the park and brought him to her because her house was nearest. I was at home when he came. The doctors say he will surely die. ’ ’ The princess stood erect stiffly, her white lips apart; her feet seemed turned to stone. Johanna continued : “ He shot himself through the lungs and heart. He is so handsome and so young,” she sobbed loudly, her round blue eyes full of sorrow. Then the sight of her mistress’ face startled her. *	“Highness,” she said, “I am a crazy girl. I have frightened you.” She put a strong arm around the princess, who swayed forward. Olga raised her hands to her throat and pulled at her gown. “ I cannot breathe,” she gasped, “ I am choking,” and just then Faclier came in softly through the antechamber. He strode over and loosened the ribbon at her neck, then his kindly eyes met hers pityingly. “So,” he said, “you know already, my daughter; I had come to tell you.” At old nurse Waclitmann’s the wounded man moved uneasily. The woman moistened his lips. “ Olga,” he said faintly. “ Olga.” She soothed hiin gently : “Quiet, my boj^,” she said. “She shall come, never fear.” She answered a knock on the door to find Facher, with a lady on his arm. “ You, Herr Pastor,” she said. “The doctors have just gone. They say they can do nothing, but they will return in an hour. He grows rapidly worse and calls for ‘ Olga, Olga.’ ” “And I have brought her,” said the chaplain. “ I know you can be trusted, for you love her well.” The old nurse took the long cloak from the princess’ shoulders and un- wound the lace scarf from her head and face. Then she started—” Is it you he cries for, my princesschen,” she said. “ Alas ! poor boy.” The princess pointed to the door unsteadily. “Yes,” said the chaplain. “ He is in there. You can go to him ; nothing can hurt him now.” She pushed it open. He saw her at once and moved his head restlessly on the pillows, his lips smiling at her. She knelt beside him and laid her face against his hand. He tried to stroke her bent head, but failed miser- ably.THE BRIDE OF HIS DUCAL HIGHNESS. 1019 “Little one,” he said faintly, “I didn’t make a success of it, did I? My hand wasn’t steady. I meant to have it all over in a moment, I knew you would understand. I thought of it all night, and I was nearly mad. I could not live and see you go to him. It was the only thing to do, dear. Now I can be loyal and still die loving you.” “Ted,” she said, “ my heart is broken. I cannot live if you die. Get well, for me. To make me happy.” “And for what, ’ he said. “I could never be anything to 3Tou, and Olga, I shall not get well. I am weaker every hour. Will you make me a promise ? ” “ Anything you ask of me.” “ Keep your word,” he said. “ Marry the grand duke. I know him so well to be kind and good and brave. He will be very tender of you, dear, and gentle with you. He is the noblest man I have ever known. I wish I might see him again.' ’ His voice grew fainter. She looked up. “ I cannot, cannot bear it,” she said. The chaplain came in gud bent over him. “ Do you know me, my son? ” he asked. Wallingford nodded. “ You were so good to bring her to me,” he said. “ Let her stay a little longer.” He stretched out his hand to her, and she laid hers in it lovingly. “ Marry me to him,” she said to the chaplain. “ I want to be his wife.” Wallingford’s eyes lighted. “If it could be,” he murmured. But the old priest shook his head. “I dare not,” he said. “ It wrould be against all law or reason. You are a princess.” She held out her hands beseechingly. “Dear, dear, Herr Pastor,” she said. “For once let me cease to be princess, let me be only woman. ’ ’ He closed the door. “ God’s blessing can do no harm to you,” he replied, and there, as Wal- lingford lay dying, the Princess Olga of Rothenburg Schwerin was made his wife. When it was over the chaplain turned to her. “You must come away at once,” he said. “The doctors will return, and I expect the grand duke any moment. The}7 have sent to the hunting box for him. I have done too much now;” he crossed himself piously. ‘ ‘ May I be forgiven when all sins are j udged ? ’ ’ She leaned over Wallingford despairingly. “ Ted,” she said, “ I am your wife, do you know that? Call me so once before I go,” but his eyelids closed flutteriugly. She bent and kissed him. “It is forever, dear, ’ ’ she said. * ‘ Ah, Heaven can you do nothing. ’ ’ But Wallingford was dead. Old Facher wrapped her veil and cloak closely around her and put her in the carriage, where Johanna waited, and just as it drove out of sight, the grand duke, on horseback, his face white and alarmed, rode up to the little house and dismounted, The nurse made way for him and the chaplain fol- lowed him into the room. “ Here is a line he wrote for your grace, when he was first brought here. He wrote it with great difficulty and it is hardly legible. I promised him I would give it to jtou.”1020 MY LADY'S BOUDOIR. The duke took the paper silently, but after he read it, he bent over the dead man with a bitter cry. “Ted, why did you do it? If only I had known before!” But Wallingford, his fair hair curling- 011 his brow, lay white and still. No one saw the Princess Olga that night, but the next day the grand duke asked her to receive him. He found her looking very ill, but she gave him one small cold hand and raised her brow for his kiss. “ You come to ask me to set the date for our marriage,” she said. He drew her to the sofa and sat beside her. ‘ ‘ I did not come for that today,” he said, “but I would gladly hear that. I have sad news to tell you. One of my aides, my secretary, Wallingford,” he faltered, “ is dead. He—he—shot himself-” “ Yes,” she said, “ I have heard it.” She closed her eyelids wearily. “And I have come to ask of you a great favor, Olga. That poor boy wrote me a line before he died, and told me of a woman he loved. A young girl, like you, Olga, and like you of noble rank. He loved her more than his life. And she will never know it, dear. It is all such a tragedy, and so pitiful.” She looked in front of her as he spoke, her hands clasped tightly. “I want you to do for him, Olga, what his sweetheart would do—if she knew. To put the flowers around him, and to go with me tomorrow to his funeral. I promised his old mother in England that I wTould. look after him. I have failed utterly. I must have been blind not to see. I am very unhappy, Olga, for I loved him. Will you do what I ask ? ” She looked up at him, her eyes full of tears. “ You are good, good,” she said. “I will go, and do—what she would have done.” And so it was that Wallingford’s wife, in deepest black and leaning 011 the grand duke’s arm, followed him to his last resting place. Fanny Locke Mackenzie. MY LADY’S BOUDOIR. The brightest paper on the walls I see, The richest carpet is upon the floor ; A quaint carved easel stands anear the door ; O’erhanging it, rich folds of tapestry ; The wealth of china quite o’erpowers me, For there are dainty plates and plaques galore. There, too, the trifles that maids hunger for Are spread about the room most tastefully. I note a program with pink ribbon bound, A jewel case beside a bonbonniere, An ivory fan that’s resting 011 a shelf. Admiring all, I hear a grateful sound, The tread of fairy feet upon the stair— The prettiest thing of all appears—herself. Nathan M. Levy.A MONTH IN THE MOON.* The marvelous experiences that grew out of the Lunar Company, Limited—How the catch- penny scheme of three adventurers was transformed into an extraordinary contribution to the world of science—Scenes and incidents of a sojourn on the earth’s satellite. Messrs. Gryphins, Vogel and Wagner, tlie tliree unscrupulous agents of tlie Electric Transmission Co., of Melbourne, Australia, being down to their last dollar, receive an unex- pected windfall in the shape of a sale of thirty shares of stock for cash to one Tyrrel Smith, valet to Sir Bucephalus Coghill. With this nest egg in hand, Wagner, who is something of a scientist, conceives the idea of starting The Lunar Company, for the Conquest and Exploration of the Mineral Riches of the Moon. The scheme is extensively advertised and shares of stock are eagerly snapped up. “ But how are we to get to the moon ? ” is the natural question asked by large numbers of these stock- holders, and at last a public meeting is called, and Wagner, whose sole object lias been to get money, undertakes to satisfy the clamor. He talks learnedly of a tubular tunnel, but has his theory utterly demolished by Norbert Mauny, a young Frenchman, who declares that in order to complete such a piece of work within the stipulated time of five years, it must rise at the rate of 50,000 miles a year ! The assemblage is panic stricken and the stockholders demand their money back, when Mauny calls for order and announces (hat he has a plan to propose. Quiet is restored and then the young Frenchman proceeds to explain a scheme he has had in mind for some time, but has lacked capital to carry out, that of attracting the moon to the earth by erecting a series of powerful magnets in a country especially adapted to such a design. The idea is received with enthusiasm, and Mauny is voted manager of the company. The Bayouda Desert in the Soudan is selected as the site for the erection of the magnets. The expedition sets out in the steamer Dover Castle, and seven months after the formation of the company, reaches Suakim. Here Mauny meets the French consul, M. Kersain, and his daughter Gertrude, who decide to ac- company him 011 a visit: to the Mogaddem of Rhadameh, a iocal ruler whose favor must be obtained before the transportation of tlie material across the desert can be made. The Mogaddem is a weird sort of personage, and possesses a hideously ugly dwarf, whose eyes shoot fire from beh nd his glasses when he sees the party from Suakim approaching. After promising to pay certain large sums as tribute, Norbert secures the cooperation he desires and soon after the return to the seaport, the expedition sets out for the Bayouda Desert. Gertrude sadly watches it depart, while her maid Fatima sighs and says that there is more cause for wor- riment than even her mistress supposes. Chapter XI.—The Peak of Tehbali. ERTRUDE could not but feel alarmed at the vague words of warning spoken by Fatima. “ What do you mean, child? ” she asked. “ If you only knew what I do mean ! No one is afraid of me, and so I often find out things that the white men have no idea of. If you only knew what is coming ! If you knew how the giaours (unbelievers) are detested ! A long way off, near the lakes, there is a great prophet, who has come to save the sous of Allah ! He is a real saint, and no one can resist him. He *	This story began in the February, 1897, issue of The Argosy, which will bewailed to any address on receipt of 10 cents.1022 A MONTH IN THE MOON. has sworn to exterminate every one of the Europeans. This is what the Arabs and men of the desert are saying. They declare that all this will hap- pen very soon, perhaps within eight days; that the signal will be given from Kordofan. Then there will be a grand massacre of the white men. I was longing to speak when you were all talking at dinner of the Mahdi, but I didn’t dare, and then you sent me to fetch your fan.” “Exactly, my child; and if I had not sent you away, you would have heard my father say that a great army is preparing to march against the Mahdi.” “ Oh ! it will not be of any use. You don’t know how enraged they all are, even the porters on the quay. They are saying that there must be an end to the strangers in their land, that the prophet has ordered the slaughter of the infidels, with many other things that would make your hair stand on end ! Oh ! do get away as soon as possib!? with the master, and take Fatima. She is the only one here that loves you ! But what have I done ? ” continued the child. “ You are quite pale, and I shall make you ill with my tales ! ” “No! little one, I am not ill, only very anxious. What you say only confirms the fears expressed by those who have experience in these matters, and it seems to me that I my-self have had my suspicions all along. I don’t like my father to go out of the city ! Poor father ! He will not leave Egypt, I know ! And I certainly will not leave him, no matter what happens.” “ Nor will I, dear little mistress ! But I am onl}7 a child, and perhaps I have exaggerated the danger. I was wrong to speak of it. Don’t think of it any more. Go to bed ; it is late, and the master would not be pleased if he knew y7ou were still up. ’ ’ Seven mouths went by, and contrary to all expectation, nothing had happened to justify Fatima’s fears. The Mahdi and his partisans seemed, in fact, to be losing, not gaining, ground, and the advance of an Egyptian army, ten or twelve thousand strong from Khartoum, under Hicks Pasha, had driven him from his capital, El-Obeid, and forced him to beat a retreat towards the south. Meanwhile, on the plateau of Telibali the works directed by Norbert Mauny progressed happily and well. Everything hitherto had gone as he wished. The indispensable magnetic pyrites abounded to such an extent in the western desert of Bayouda, near Darfour, that whole mountains, three or four thousand feet in height, were entirely composed of it. Norbert chose the loftiest, the Peak of Tehbali, for the seat of the enterprise. It w7as an immense crag of conical shape, of perfectly homogeneous rock, and standing on a plateau two thousand yards square. A few borings sufficed to show that the geological formation of Tehbali was all that could be desired. The peak was, indeed, an enormous conical shaped solid block of magnetic pyrites, five thousand feet high. Nothing since the meeting in Melbourne had given Norbert so much pleasure as the discovery of this peak, with such perfect geological conditions that he was spared the trouble of building an artificial mountain of magnetic pyrites. First of all, it was necessary to put all the valuable apparatus under cover.A MONTH IN THE MOON. 1023 The machines and instruments had until now been deposited in ordinary tents. Norbert began by making a zigzag road to the summit, the surface of which he leveled, to the extent of three thousand square y a refs. On this esplanade he erected, after the usual fashion, buildings one story high, in- tended to serve as shops, laboratories, and dwelling places. They were all made of pyrites that had been dug out of the hill as the road went up. Roofed with the same material, they bristled like fortresses on the mountain top. The workmen came from Darfour, close by, and the Cherofa tribe were also always willing to lend their aid. Thanks to the exertions of the inter- preters, Mabrouki and Virgil, there were soon about twenty overseers to hurry on matters. This little army of workmen was easily provisioned from the adjacent town of Berber, whilst their drinking water, brought by regular convoys of camels from the wells of Onadi-Teraib and Abe Klea, a few leagues distant, was stored in zinc cisterns on the mountain top. Beneath the plateau of Tehbali and its towering peak lay the arid, sandy plains of the great Bayouda Desert. Here and there were visible small tufts of palm trees, while to the west some white spots on the yellow ground indi- cated the villages of Central Darfour; and through the telescope the cupolas and minarets of Berber stood out 011 their own little green oasis. Northward, in the distance, wound the Nile, its well wooded banks plainly discernible, and its blue waters shimmering now and again in the bright sunshine. Chapter XII.—Visitors at Tehbali. At seven o’clock on an October morning Norbert was, according to his usual habit, sitting on a camp stool before his desk, when suddenly Virgil ap- peared. “ Visitors ! Visitors, sir ! ” he exclaimed, in an agitated manner. “ Visitors ! ” absently replied his master. “ What will you say next? ” “ Indeed, sir, it is quite true. There are ladies and gentlemen on horse- back, and quite a caravan with them. I was in the wood yard, half way up the hill, when I caught sight of them, and I thought you would like to know it betimes. I could make out Mile. Kersain, with her little maid, and her father and the doctor.” “ You are dreaming,” replied Norbert, wrho got up, however, with alac- rity, and put his gla ss to his eye. ‘ ‘ Where are your visitors now ? ’ ’ “ Look, sir; there they are, at the foot of the fifteenth zigzag.” One glance through his spy glass convinced Norbert that it was indeed the fact that Mile. Kersain, with her father and Dr. Briet, was approaching. “ What good wind blows you here ? ” cried the young astronomer, when they met. “ I can hardly believe my eyes that I really see Mile. Gertrude herself ! ’ ’ “It is true, however,” said she, lightly jumping off her horse, with Norbert’s assistance. “ Do you think that I would have allowed my father to go to Khartoum alone ? ’ ’1024 A MONTH IN THE MOON. “ To Khartoum ! Are you going there ? ” “ We are,” answered M. Kersain, as he dismounted. “ I have been ap- pointed Consul General in the Soudan, and naturally I take my daughter with me.” “Well,” added Briet, “you seem tolerably backward here as regards news. Hicks Pasha has succeeded in concentrating his army at Khartoum. After eight months’ hard drill, it is thoroughly well disciplined, and the Mahdi has beaten a retreat toward the Great Lakes. We shall hear no more of the Mahdi. He has evaporated into thin air, and the magic of his name and fame are over forever. You know how firmly I once believed in the Mahdi. Well, I believe in him no more.” “Neither do you, consul,” said Norbert, “since you are taking Mile. Kersain to your new post ? ” “ I scarce', / believe in him now,” replied Kersain. “ I am certain that the pacification of the Soudan is only a question of time, and I expressed myself to that effect in my official reports, as there is a grand field for French commerce here. The minister saw the matter in the same light ; and I was ordered to Khartoum, where Gertrude insists on accompanying me.” “ Of course,” replied his daughter. “ Am I not also an official person- age? You must know that papa prides himself on these reports, /help him with them ! I own it is partly with a view to seeing Khartoum, and perhaps also to get a peep at the Peak of Tehbali. But I had no idea it was like this. It is simply splendid ! ” Gertrude was, in truth, quite delighted to find herself at Tehbali, and she did not try to hide her feelings. She could hardly contain her delight when thej- crossed the threshold of the observatory, and entered the large vaulted hall, that Tyrrel Smith had transformed for the nonce into a beautiful draw- ing room. “We are,” explained Norbert, “in the ‘Hall of Motors,’ as we term it, because all the conducting wires meet here, and are under the control of those two ivory knobs yonder. But we will show you all that by and by. You must have some refreshments now.” A well appointed table stood4aid out in the middle of the hall, which was carpeted with woolen stuffs, and furnished with broad divans of embossed camel skin. The walls were adorned with drawings of the heavens, togo- graphical charts, and large lunar photographs. Through folding doors, at the end of the hall, there was-a glimpse of astronomical apparatus, a large globe, telescopes, electric batteries, and strange looking instruments of all kinds. Gertrude got up from the table to examine some of the charts hung on the walls of the ‘ ‘ Hall of Motors. ’ ’ “ What is that? ” she asked, looking attentively at a kind of map of the world, whose seas and continents she failed to recognize. “ That is a general map of the moon,” replied Norbert, “ or rather of the lunar hemisphere visible to us. ’ ’ “How! a map of the moon,” cried Gertrude. “Has any one been there ? ’ ’A MONTH IN THE MOON. 1025 “ That was not necessary in order to draw up this map. It was quite suf- ficient to observe the moon on fine nights, and note all that happened on her surface. The geography of our satellite was verified by a great many obser- vations made by several different astronomers.” “ But there are, I see, names on the maps: * Sea of Tranquility,’ ‘ Ocean of Tempests,’ ‘ Chain of the Apennines.’ ” “ They are bestowed by the observers themselves. We can take photo- graphs of the moon almost as easily as of a human being. See ! here is one of the chain of lunar Apennines taken by me a month ago. Can there be a doubt as to its being a photograph of one of a long chain of mountains looked at vertically, as from the car of a baloon ? ” “ It is astonishing. ’ ’ “ Do you want another proof ? Look at this drawing, exactly resembling a volcanic island covered with craters; a bird’s eye view, as it were, of the Peak of Teneriffe. Is it not a striking likeness ? ” “ So striking that it is impossible to doubt that the model must have been similar. But how did you manage to photograph an isolated chain? I could understand the whole surface, but a part ? ” “ You will have no difficulty in comprehending the whole matter if you bear in mind that a telescope magnifying 2,000 fold brings our satellite within one hundred and twenty miles, .so to speak, of the observatory. Now the moon appears enormous so near; we can choose our portions and fix them separately 011 the sensitive plate. You know that a microscope photograph can easily be enlarged and developed so as to show details previously invisible to the naked eye.” ‘ ‘ How I should like to see all this myself. ’ ’ “ You shall see it, and not later than this very night ; the moon is at its full, and just fit for observation.” ‘ ‘ What! will you really show me the Chain of the Apennines, as it is here, and the Ocean of Tempests?” “ And a great deal more into the bargain.” ‘1 It is indeed marvelous. ’ ’ “ You may call it marvelous if you like. For my part I think it much more marvelous that scarcely any one takes any notice of these wonders.” “Then,” continued Gertrude, after a minute’s silence, “ you really think it possible that the moon should be like our earth, should possess a similar geological constitution, and have, like us, continents, seas, mountains, vol- canoes? ” “ It is not only possible, but probable and, I may say certain, that such is the case. Do not forget that the moon is only a fragment of the earth de- tached from her thousands or ten thousands of years ago, at an epoch when our globe was but a nebulous ball turning on its own axis. The chemical elements of the lunar soil must therefore necessarily be the same as ours. At most, they may perhaps have formed different combinations, or may be differently distributed from the center to the poles. But the probability is in favor with their exact identity with the earth. This does not, of course, mean that life has manifested itself under the same forms—far from it. (E)1026 A MONTH IN THE MOON. “The climate conditions of the moon are, on the contrary, entirely dif- ferent from those of the earth, by reason of her more restricted dimensions, her peculiar position, and the fortnightly alterations of heat and cold through which she passes. “ It is not only probable, but certain also, that her vegetables and animals are, or were, quite different from ours. I do not say anything about her atmosphere, which exists, I think, though it must be very rarefied.” “Have you learned anything fresh about the subject lately?” asked Briet, somewhat ironically. “ Yes ! I have learned something fresh lately,” replied Norbert, gravely. ‘ ‘ What do you suppose I am doing in the afternoons and evenings ? I am gazing at the stars, as that is my business; and I have been able to take sev- eral observations in these clear skies. On the whole I am inclined to believe that the moon has an atmosphere, but that it is so rarefied that human beings could not live in it. ’ ’ “ If that is so,” cried the doctor, “ good by to your plans.” “ That remains to be seen,” replied Norbert. “Should the atmosphere prove unbreathable, we will try to substitute our own in its place; and if we do not succeed, we will do without either of them ! ’ ’ Chapter XIII.—The Details of the Scheme. The visitors had been intensely interested in all they had heard about the plans; but Norbert refused to tell them any more until they had rested. Not until sunset would he conduct his guests over his domain. “ I am going,” he said, “to show you something very special. But do not expect any extraordinary machines or cabalistic preparations. Everything here is of the greatest simplicity.” “ This,” he continued, preceding his visitors into the gallery beyond the “ Hall of Motors,” “ is my own private observatory. You will find nothing here that you could not see at Paris or Greenwich. There is a movable cupola turning 011 its own axis, and following with this clock the apparent movement of the heavenly bodies. Here are telescopes, compasses, chronom- eters, barometers—and that is all. “ On the right you see a large laboratory, with furnaces, vessels, and reagents. On the left is the depot for chemical products, and also a most necessary store of chlorate of potassium; and those great zinc boxes with straps round them, making them look like so many cocoa tins, are intended to be filled with oxygen, to enable us to breathe in any atmosphere, even under water, or in a vacuum. ‘ ‘ Farther on is the store room for balloons and parachutes of different sizes in case of necessity. Then there are the implements and instruments of the principal professions. Lastly, there are the provision stores, which occupy all the rest of the building. They contain preserved meats, tinned vegetables, wines, biscuits, dried fruits, etc., etc. Our cisterns, made of zinc, cemented in concrete, contain about four million gallons of water. “But there is nothing particularly interesting so far. In a word, weA MONTH IN THE MOON. 1027 are in a fortified castle on one floor, built of magnetic pyrites, and duly provisioned, not only with the necessaries of life, but with all the astro- nomical, meteorological, and aerostatic requirements. Also with everything needful in physics or chemistry, and materials wherewith to manufacture any article that may have been omitted. There is nothing remarkable here up to the present, except the complete autonomy of our domain ; in case of an attack it could be as self sufficing as a well equipped ship, or a besieged town. To complete the simile we have the wherewith to defend ourselves, possessing side arms, pistols, revolvers, two Gatling guns, and four quick firing Maxims. ‘ ‘ So much for the outward organization and the general precautions. Let us pass now to the technical wyorks incidental to the enterprise. ’ ’ He led them into a circular hall in the center of the buildings. They saw only a large black hole. “ This hole,” said Norbert, “ is simply a well. I intend soon to have an elevator here in order to get down to the bottom of the mountain in three minutes. I began to dig the hole soon after leveling the site 011 which stand the buildings, as I wanted to make sure of the geological structure of the peak. It goes down vertically to the depth of forty eight hundred feet, with a radius of two yards. In this way I got to the base of the peak, and ascer- tained that it rests on a bed of sand, and is entirely composed of the magnetic pyrites. I therefore resolved to make use of the magnetic rock as it is, in- stead of building an artificial mountain. The well can be put to other uses also, as you will soon see.” “ You said something just now,” remarked M. Kersain, “ about a steam engine, for the purpose of boring this well. Where are the steam engines, and how did you manage to get the necessary fuel ? ” “ You have hit upon the only possible drawback to our success,” replied Norbert, smiling. “ The want of fuel was indeed a difficulty. I will show you how I got over it by a contrivance that is the verj^ turning point of the whole enterprise.” They passed into a corridor leading to the broad circular passage between the buildings and the outer rampart. Here in the open air, and exposed all day long to the tropical sunshine, stood several dozen large copper reflectors. Each apparatus had in the center a boiler made of tempered glass, and a steam engine, whose slightest movement could evidently set in motion various conducting wires that stood arranged in readiness under a shed. “ This is the solar heat condenser,” said Norbert. “ It can gather up the solar heat and utilize it. It has already enabled us to bore our well, and, as > 011 shall see when we get to the foot of the mountain, it kindles to a white heat the group of furnaces that make large quantities of glass.” “ Do you mean to say,” exclaimed Briet, “ that this copper funnel can develop sufficient heat to vitrify sand ? ” “ It can,” replied Norbert. “ This is our only heating apparatus. Your cutlets this morning were grilled by the solar heat condenser; the soup and roast meat will be cooked by the same process this evening. ’ ’ “But,” said Gertrude, laughingly, “you are obliged always to cook in the daytime ? ’ ’1028 A MONTH IN THE MOON. ‘ ‘ Yes, if we are foolish enough to suffer our store of heat to evaporate into space; not so, if we take care to imprison it in a non conductor, such as a woolen covering, or even a potful of sand. Virgil does this very cleverly, I assure you ! ” “It is marvelous!” cried M. Kersain. “This invention is certainly destined to be of great service in Africa ! ’ ’ “ Much greater than is thought,” replied Norbert. “ Remember this is a free and unlimited force ! By the solar action alone it will henceforward be possible to sink artesian wells in the middle of the most arid desert, to get water from any depth, bring it to the surface, and make use of it as we will. Railways can in future traverse the Sahara Desert, and the whirr of busy manufactories wake up its silent echoes, while steamers plow the wave with- out need to trouble about finding fuel. The sun will do it all ! This conical funnel once set facing the sun, the rest will go by itself; and what more easy than to so set it ! The lever yonder enables the reflector to be moved back- wards and forwards horizontally, while the toothed rack, by setting in motion two cogs, elevates or depresses it vertically. The contrivance is so simple that it could be learned in five minutes by a child of seven. We will now visit the lower works. ’ ’ Leaving the circular passage, they returned to the entrance gate, where saddle horses stood ready to take the travelers to the foot of the mountain. They7 got there in half an hour, galloping past the camp of the workmen, consisting of tents, huts, and earthen cabins, and drew rein in front of one of the furnaces mentioned by Norbert. “There are twenty7 five exactly like this one,” he said. “They7 sur- round the base of the peak with a girdle of vitrifying furnaces. You see that the glass made is somewhat coarse and dull, but it is perfectly adapted for the end in view—to insulate the magnetic block which constitutes the Peak of Tehbali. The insulation will be effected by7 a vitrified layer of about fifty inches in thickness. “ ‘ How will you manage to make this? ’ you may perhf.ps ask. In the simplest manner in the w7orld—by pouring it round the base of the peak. There is no lack here of sand, our chief constituent. The solar heat enables me to keep one hundred and twenty vitrifying furnaces in active work during twrelve or fifteen hours a day7. Bach of these furnaces produces on an average two hundred cubic meters of glass that flows under the mountain as fast as it leaves the crucibles. By means of a horizontal tunnel to the centre of the py7ritic peak communicating with the well, we are enabled to make the flow continuous. As soon as the unbroken sheet of glass has gone quite round the centre, the operation will be completed, and the mountain entirely insulated from its sandy bed.” ‘ ‘ How7 soon do you think this will happen ? ’ ’ asked Gertrude. 1 ‘ In about five or six months. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ That is a long while. ’ ’ “It is rather long, especially for the controlling commissioners of the company,” said Norbert, with a sly glance at Sir Bucephalus. “But so much the worse for them ! I will not leave anything to chance, and y7ou mayA MONTH IN THE MOON. 1029 be quite sure tliat I am not going to hurry on matters just for the sake of shortening their exile ! ’ ’ Norbert did not say how Wagner, Gryphins, and Vogel had constantly tried to spoil his plans with such open and acknowledged hostility that he had been obliged to treat them as enemies, and to forbid them to go near the works of the observatory, or even the provision stores. For the last three months, indeed, they had been kept in quarantine in their own quarters in the left wing ; and they were, moreover, warned that they would be seized on the least suspicion of treason. For their part they took good care not to leave of their own accord. They were quite determined to regain the control of the magnificent under- taking that owed its first inception to them. Norbert Mauny was, they con- sidered, an interloper. They were, therefore, willing to put up with any affronts or inconveniences rather than give in. A visit to one furnace sufficed to demonstrate the mode of operation iu all, and the merry cavalcade therefore took the road leading back to the observatory. “ If I have understood your explanation,” said Kersain, as they rode along, “you intend finally to magnetize the moon by means of the solar heat ?1 ’ ‘‘ Precisely so.” “ Your special aim at present is to isolate the block of Tehbali on a rough sheet of glass interposed between the base of the rock and its subsoil of sand. But what will be the use of this? ” “ I shall then have at my disposal an enormous mass of magnetic pyrites that I can at once convert into a magnet. ” “ How? ” “ Simply by means of the electric current. The cable conductors are already laid. They all meet like the cables of my dynamos in the ‘ Hall of Motors.’ The dynamos, as I need hardly tell you, will be set in motion by the solar condensers, which, 110 longer needed at the base of the peak, will be posted at intervals along the circular passage. When all the preparations are complete, and the day and hour fixed, I shall only have to press one of the ivory knobs in order to establish the contact. At that instant the Peak of Tehbali will become an immense magnet.” “And then?” “ Then, irresistibly drawn by the additional terrestrial attraction, the moon will descend, and place herself at our disposal ! ” Chapter XIV.—Bad News. Seven weeks had passed since the presence of Gertrude with her father and the doctor had lent unwonted animation to life on the Peak of Tehbali. Work had now resumed its regular and usual course ; but Norbert was dis- # * turbed in mind by a singular fact which he could not help associating with the fidvent of the dwarf Rhadameh, who for some reason or other, had re- cently seen fit to pay a visit to the peak. The greater" number of his1030 A MONTH IN THE MOON. Cherofa workmen had abandoned him one by one. Just before the dwarf came there were not less than eight hundred ; now there were scarcely three dozen ; the others had all departed under one pretext or another. The work did not suffer from these defections, simply because crowds of natives came from Darfour to replace the deserters; but it would have become difficult to go on with the enterprise had it depended on the aid of the Cherofa tribe alone. On the other hand, the reports of Virgil and Mabrouki gave evidence of great disaffection among the laborers and glass makers. For the first time in several months they were overheard conversing about the approaching advent of a new golden age, and the expected triumph of the faithful over the un- believers, to be followed by a general massacre of Europeans,. Virgil, old soldier as he was, treated all this bragging with supreme con- tempt, mentioning it only as a matter of duty ; but Mabrouki was evidently much disturbed. He had accompanied the first European explorers of the Upper Nile, and for nearly a year past now he had been Norbert Mauny’s right hand. Norbert showed his appreciation of his good services by often deferring to the old negro in the most flattering manner. According to Mabrouki, the Cherofas had a motive in deserting from the workshop of Tehbali; they must have heen ordered to do so by the Mogad- dem, and the affair was probably connected with the coming revolution. Mabrouki added that no confidence was to be placed in the thirty or forty remaining Cherofas, especially a certain Aben-Zegri, who had apparently great influence among them. To dismiss them at once would not be wise, as it might entail a complete rupture with their chief. But they must be well watched, which would be his business. Noticing one evening an unusual concourse of people proceeding toward the tent of the Cherofas, which was both large and lofty, Mabrouki took up his post unperceived outside the outer wall of the tent; and, perceiving a little hole in the canvas, he enlarged it with his spear so that he could see all that went on inside. The deepest silence reigned. The light of a smoky lamp shone upon fifty Arabs prostrate with their faces on the ground, and their arms stretched out before them motionless, while their white draperies covered them as with a shroud. At first Mabrouki thought he was witnessing their evening prayer ; but in an instant he beheld one of the Arabs rise and advance to the middle of the crowd. It was Aben-Zegri. In a loud voice he addressed a brief invocation to the holy prophet Mahomet, and then he broached the subject of the meet- ing. “ Men of the tribe of Cherofa,” he said, “ beloved children of Allah, the day of our deliverance is at hand. The Lord loves you. At your birth the winds were tempered, the sea lost its fury and became soft as oil, and the moon was near the full. Allah, to try you, has subjected you to the hated yoke of the unbelievers. But soon you shall rise in triumph like unto lions on the mountain tops, and you shall crush them all in j^our iron grip ! ’ ’ At these wofds a frenzy of enthusiasm ran through the assembly.A MONTH IN THE MOON. 1031 “What, O Lord, requirest Thou from Thy sons? Thou art merciful; Thou hast raised up the holy prophet promised to the faithful for thirteen centuries past. lie hath appeared in the midst of the darkness. His name is the Mahdi (the sublime one).” A flattering murmur greeted these words. “ I behold thee, O Mahdi, on the field of battle. Thy march is swifter than the flight of the falcon. One town after another falls into thy hands ; the vanquished kiss thy sacred feet in vain, for thou art implacable and doom- est all to perish. Hicks Pasha commanded the armies of the Khedive, and led them against thee. Hearken, children of the tribe of Cherofa, to what Allah, the exterminator, has done for you ! He has sent the Mahdi to Kashgil, and all the unbelievers have perished ! Not one has returned of the eleven thousand men ! “ I, the unworthy servant of the Mahdi, have summoned you to tell you that the hour approaches. But we must await the signal, which cannot be long in coming. And above all, brethren, let us thank Allah for his good- ness. ’ ’ The Arabs resumed the attitude of Mussulman prayer, and Mabrouki thought it a propitious moment to creep off. He hastened to inform Norbert of what he had heard. At first it seemed difficult to believe in the complete extermination of the Egyptian armp commanded by Hicks Pasha. But it was a bad sign that it should have given no evidence of life, and have been utterly silent since the departure for the south two months back. Soon it was no longer possible to doubt the truth of the catastrophe. Eye witnesses testified to it. The news was brought by camel drivers and mer- chants from Kordofan, and 110 one doubted it at Berber. Norbert himself heard it from the lips of a workman recently employed in the wood yard, who had seen the plain of Kashgil covered a month previously writli the de- capitated corpses of the Egyptian army. The rifles, guns, and ammunition were all in the possession of the Mahdi. Norbert, however, would not despair. He had so often in the past year heard these sad forbodings ! Would he ever indeed have embarked on the enterprise had he listened to what was told him at Suakim ? One morning Wagner, Grypliins and Vogel asked to have an interview with him in the presence also of Sir Bucephalus. Wagner, 011 entering, held out a blue paper to Norbert saying, ‘ ‘ This is the news brought us from Berber with the last load of goods. ’ ’ Norbert read as follows: “'The Egyptian army, carrying on operations to the south of Suakim, has been completely routed at Tokar by Osman Digma, a lieutenant of the Mahdi. The Suakim-Berber route is now in the possesion of the insurgents.” “ It is disastrous,” said Norbert; “ but the Nile route is still free.” “ Yes,” answered Wagner in a significant tone, “ and all who value their lives had best follow that route at once. ’ ’ “Have you come to announce your approaching departure?” calmly re- plied Norbert.1032 A MONTH IN THE MOON. “Our own departure, and yours also, I presume,” said Wagner, “for surely you cannot now think of going 011 with the enterprise ! ’ ’ “ Why should you make such an assumption, jjray ? ” Because if you do not at once give it up, the workmen will stop it to- morrow. Do you not know what is being said 011 all sides—in camp, in the tents and workshops? That we are all to be massacred at a given signal.” “ If you think it right to go, gentlemen,” cried Norbert, pray do so ! I cannot keep you by force, and I should even make it my business to facilitate your departure.” ‘ ‘ You know well enough that we cannot leave the interests of the company in your hands ! ” muttered Wagner. “ In that case, gentlemen,” replied Norbert, coldly, rising to intimate that the interview was at an end, “ I 'can only trust that you may turn out false prophets. For my part, I do not intend to move ! ” Chapter XV.—The Negro Guard. The three commissioners retired crestfallen, and Norbert remained alone with the baronet, who was smiling. “What are you going to do?” asked the latter. “For you must own there is some truth in their words.” “ What am I going to do? I really do not quite know. All that I can say is that I am certainly not going to give up my enterprise to please either of those gentlemen or the Malidi ! ’ ’ He began to walk up and down, and touching a call bell, summoned Virgil. “ Fetch Mabrouki. I want to speak to him.” The old guide soon made his appearance. “Think you,” said his master, “ that it would be possible to pick out a hundred honest fellows, and form them into a trustworthy battalion of sharp- shooters ? ’ ’ Mabrouki shook his gray head. “There is perhaps oneway of getting good soldiers,” said he, after a minute’s deep reflection. “We might try to secure the late guard of Zebehr, if the Madhi has not already done so.” ‘ ‘ What are they ? ’ ’ “ Negroes from the Great Lake country, whom Zebehr, the king of the slave traders, had armed and equipped for his own personal service. On the ruin of his trade the guard was disbanded, and is now at large. I have no doubt that they would willingly take service. ’ ’ “ Think you that these men would be faithful ? ” “ I am certain of it. They are splendid soldiers. There is a whole vil- lage of them at the oasis of Gandara, two days’ journey from here.” “ Well, Mabrouki,. I give you full powers. Go at once and enroll a hun- dred picked men on what you consider fair conditions, and bring them to me.” “ They shall be here in four days, sir,” said Mabrouki.A MONTH IN THE MOON. 1033 The three commissioners also took counsel together. “You see it is impossible,” said Costerus, “to come to terms with this Frenchman. We must take strong measures.” “ How ? ” “ I will manage it. We are all agreed—are we not?—upon one point— that it is impossible to remain here ? ” “ Most decidedly.” “ It will never do to go and leave the Frenchman master of the situation, neither can we very well carry him off bodily. It would excite suspicion were he quietly to disappear. There is only one alternative—to drive him away by instigating the workmen to revolt. It would not be very difficult, judging from certain indications.” “ But would we not be the Grst victims? ” “ No, not if we are careful to let the Arabs know that we sympathize with them. You are aware that I have been studying their language for a year past ; it is, indeed, my only amusement in this miserable country.” “ Yes, yes.” ‘ ‘ Well, I vote that we don the Arab dress and go among the men in the evenings. I will let them know that we have embraced their creed, and that we are with them in everything.” “ It seems a good idea, and we may as well try it.” ‘ ‘ In less than eight days the workshops will be deserted. We shall make onr way to Berber, draw up'an official report, and return in triumph via the Nile, first to London and then to Melbourne. Should the Frenchman refuse to follow us, the Mahdi will soon rid us of him, or else the shareholders will, I	will answer for it, or my name is not Costerus Wagner ! ” ‘ ‘ Costerus, you are a brick ! ’ ’ exclaimed both his comrades, as they resumed their pipes. Four days went by without incident. At length Mabrouki returned. With his habitual prudence, he had encamped his recruits three miles from Tehbali, wishing Norbert to inspect them before they were definitely engaged. The astronomer and Sir Bucephalus set off at once. It was six o’clock in the evening. The negroes had just finished their frugal repast of roasted maize, and seated in a circle, were singing to the accompaniment of the tom-tom. Well grown, athletic young men, supple as reeds, and strong as lions, they were evidently the very flower of the country from which Zebehr had torn them in their infancy. The}7 wore short trousers of panther skin, and camel skin helmets, and were armed only with a shield and a bundle of spears. “ Where is the chief? ” asked Norbert, as he came up to them, Mabrouki having duly proclaimed his name and title. A young negro more richly accoutered than the rest came forward. “I am Chaka, the black pasha of the Great Lakes,” he said with dignity “ Art thou and thy men disposed to enter my service? ” asked Norbert.i©34 A MONTH IN THE MOON. “ We are, and you will find us good and faithful soldiers. Mabrouki has fixed the terms. You may rest assured that we shall do our duty.” “ The matter is arranged, then. Mabrouki has spoken well.” Chaka gave an order to his troop, who came forward one by one and bowed respectfully to their new master. The young negro chief then took Norbert by the hand, which was luckily, gloved, on account of the mosquitoes, and carrying it to his lips, he spat upon it before any one guessed his intention. Norbert stood amazed; but, luckily, the affectionate look the young chief gave him reminded him that the performance was the height of courtesy, and he was therefore careful to return the politeness with usury. This delighted the negro and his troop, who all shouted: “ Great chief ! great chief ! We will always remain with thee ! Always! always ! ’ ’ Cliaka and his men then shouldered their arms and baggage, and followed their master. They proceeded toward the village. As they approached it Mabrouki thought lie saw some commotion near the tent of Aben-Zegri, and suspecting a meeting like the previous one he had witnessed, he proposed that Norbert should take a bypath and go behind the tents in order to find out what plot wras being concocted. The astronomer consented, and calling a halt to his Negro Guard, he went on in front with Sir Bucephalus and Mabrouki. What was his surprise, on drawing near the tent of Aben-Zegri, to hear a voice that he recognized as that of Costerus Wagner speaking Arabic to a numerous assembly. He knew the language sufficiently himself to be able to follow what wras being said. Peeping through a hole in the tent, lie saw that Costerus was clothed in a wide burnouse and wore a turban; and Gryphins and Vogel, similarly attired, stood among the crowd of listeners. ‘‘Men of little faith,” declaimed Wagner, “is it thus you compromise your eternal salvation? You are working for an infidel, and on the day of judgment the Prophet will drive you away from before his face. Know you not the aim of him whom you serve ? He desires to overturn the eternal laws of nature. Allah suspended the Crescent in the heavens as a sacred symbol to his children. The impious Frenchman wishes to tear this sacred sign out of the firmament, and bring it to earth to be trodden under foot.” Norbert had heard enough. Hastening back to the spot where he had left the Negro Guard, “ Chaka,” said he to the chief, “ thou hast sworn to be faithful to me. Now is the time to keep thy oath. Thou must accom- pany me with thy men, surround a tent, and seize upon the persons whom I will point out to thee.” ' ‘ When the master speaks Chaka obeys, ’ ’ said the negro. He made his troops take up their arms and march in two lines, one in front and the other behind the tent of Eben-Zegri. The manceuver was successful. Ten minutes later Wagner, Gryphins and Vogel were bodily carried off by six sturdy negroes, and brought prisoners to Norbert. The latter ordered them to be kept under arrest, and closely guarded, until such time as he could decide concerning their fate, and lay the facts of their treason before the company.A MONTH IN THE MOON. 1035 Close by stood a glass foundry, consisting of three spacious halls that were of no further use since the vitrified sheet had spread to the bottom. This was to be their prison, and Virgil, named commander in chief of the Negro Guard, placed sentinels at the door. Norbert was now at rest as to any possible - plotting at the foot of the peak. He had a sufficient force in hand to put dowrn revolt, and the works could proceed wdthout fear of interruption. But a new anxiety arose. What would become of M. Kersain, and to what perils would not Gertrude be exposed, if the army of Hicks Pasha were in truth annihilated, and the Mahdi marching on Khartoum ? These thoughts haunted him throughout the busy day, and disturbed his rest at night. At last he came to a sudden resolution. “ Sir Bucephalus,” he said, “ could you replace me for a few days? ” Sir Bucephalus had no misgivings. “ Well, I shall leave you here for a week, in order to go and warn our friends at Khartoum.” “ Very well,” w'as the reply. And he started next morning. Chapter XVI.—At Khartoum. At the ordinary rate of travel it would have taken four days to reach Khartoum from the Peak of Tehbali. But Norbert, burning with impatience, got over the ground in forty eight hours. On the second day after his de- parture he saw' in the distance the flat roofs and minarets of the “ Queen of the Soudan ” rising amid palm groves from the level plain at the junction of the Blue and White Niles. During his rapid ride he noted many evident signs of panic and disturb- ance. Parties of armed men came and went on both banks of the river. From all quarters troops of camels, laden with grain, tents, and household utensils, passed along on their way to take refuge in the town. They were' followed by women, old men, and children—all hollow eyed and melancholy, with wayworn feet bruised and bleeding. As he drew nea rer to Khartoum, sadder and sadder grew the unmistakable signs of the hurried flight of a whole people. It was a regular rout of terror striken victims, all hastening to seek refuge behind the ramparts of Khartoum. One and the same cry came from each group of emancipated suf- ferers: ‘ ‘ The Mahdi ! The Mahdi is coming ! ’ ’ “The Mahdi! It is always the Mahdi! Have you ever seen him, Mabrouki?” asked Norbert impatiently. “ I knew his uncle very well; he was a carpenter at Chabakah, opposite Sennaar, and I recollect seeing the child there, who was at that time appren- ticed to his uncle,’ answered the old negro. “ But I have only seen him once since he became famous. I do not think he is any better than others. His uncle could never make anything of him, and I am convinced he does not know how to read now any better than when he was at school. But1036 A MONTH IN THE MOON. there never was his equal in reciting verses from the Koran, and performing feats of strength and magic. This was the secret of his great influence. He spent years in a cave, dug by his own hands on the island of Abba, where he passed the days and nights in fasting and prayer. Little by little he earned a great reputation for sanctity, and people came from all parts to consult him, bringing him rich gifts and offerings. One fine day he styled himself a prophet sent by Allah to continue and complete the work of Mahomet. ’ ’ “ Then,” said Norbert, “ you look upon him as a charlatan ? ” “ I scarcely know what to call him. He may possibly believe in his own sanctity and divine mission. There is, moreover, much truth in what he says to incite the tribes against the foreigners. Every one 1: as had more than enough of the Turkish soldiers. So it is not astonishing that the Mahdi should be listened to when he promises to drive them out of the country. ’ ’ “ Consequently he has a chance of success? ” “ The greatest chance. I should be surprised if he were not master of the Soudan within a month. He has only to hasten to Khartoum, and the thing is done.” “ But Khartoum can defend itself ! ” exclaimed Norbert, pointing to the ramparts, whose slopes were to be seen in the foreground. “ She has arms and plenty of provisions, and a large body of troops, besides the European popula- tion, and all these refugees, who do not seem to be very much attached to the Mahdi, judging from their haste to fly from him.” “ Khartoum might be defended, answered the old guide, shaking his head ; •	“ but the will to do it must be there, and likewise some resolute man must take tlie lead. Khartoum has neither the one nor the other.' ’ Some minutes later Norbert rode through the eastern gate, and was struck with the indolent, downtrodden, dirty aspect of the Egyptian sentinels. The state of the town itself did not seem any more promising, and it was difficult to believe that the miserable suburbs and sordid streets could be part of so rich and populous a city. Norbert repaired to the French Consulate without delay, leaving Mabrouki and his camel drivers on the parade ground. M. Kersain was in his private office with his daughter. “What a delightful surprise!” he exclaimed, on seeing his young friend. “You are just in the nick of time, for we were dying of ennui!" said Gertrude. Norbert thought her more charming than ever, but a little pale and worn withal. “ In that case,” he said, pressing warmly the two hands held out to him, “ I trust I shall have no trouble in persuadiug you. I have come on purpose to carry you both off with Dr. Briet to Tehbali or Berber, and thence to Cairo via the Nile.” “I could scarcely go to Cairo at this crisis without special leave ! ” replied Kersain. “ But perhaps we might go to Tehbali. My daughter and I are tired of Khartoum, and what is going on here now is, I assure you, enough to make the strongest man ill.”A MONTH IN THE MOON. 1037 The conversation then turned upon the works of Tehbali, and their pro- gress since October. When the dinner hour approached, Gertrude left them. Alone with Norbert, M. Kersain poured out his whole fatherly heart, keeping back none of his terrible fears as to the near future. “ My dear friend,” he said, “ I am in a most terrible position. I could not speak plainly before Gertrude, but I am firmly convinced that we are on the brink of a great catastrophe. Not a single European will be permitted to leave Khartoum alive. I could not, as you know, leave my post at such a time. But I would give anything in the world to know Gertrude safe, for it is unbearable to think of her being exposed to the horrors of an Arab inva- sion. Besides these dangers, there is the climate, which, contrary to my ex- pectation, does not agree with her ; indeed, she is fading away before my eyes. But how, on the other hand, can she go without me ? It is quite use- less to speak of it—she would never agree. What can be done ? I ought not, and I will not leave Khartoum at this crisis. What am I to do? ” ‘‘You might come to Tehbali with her, ostensibly for a few days, and contrive to gain her consent to your return (if you must come back here) leaving her under our care, with the doctor and her little maid.” 11	Yes,” said the consul, “it is a good idea, worthy of your good heart ! But I would not leave Khartoum now, not even for a few days. And if I •were willing to go, would it be fitting to confide my daughter to the care of two young men, whom I sincerely esteem indeed, but who are not in the slightest degree related to her? I fear it is not feasible, alas ! not even in the desert. Do not misunderstand me, though,” continued the consul, noting the look of deep disappointment on Norbert’s countenance. “ If I had only to consider in)' own feelings, I would entrust her to you in the fullest confidence. But we have to think of the opinion of the world in these matters. ’ ’ “Consul,” said Norbert, with emotion, “these are exceptional circum- stances. Would you intrust Mile. Kersain to the care of her betrothed?” “ To her betrothed? ” replied the consul, standing still in surprise. “ I don’t know. Yes, of course I would ! But what do you mean? ” “ Do you think,” pursued Norbert, “ that I could ever have a chance of being accepted in that capacity by Mile. Kersain and yourself ? ’ ’ “ It is difficult to know what is passing in the heads of young girls,” said her father, smiling genially. “But, as far as I am concerned, I may at once say, my dear fellow, that I should give my cordial consent to such a pro- posal. ’ ’ “ I have no fortune,” said Norbert ; “ or, at least, the little that I possess is staked in a very hazardous enterprise. ’ ’ “It matters little, my dear friend; that is not the point. You have a name and a scientific position that quite counterbalance the slender dowry of my daughter. But I am quite ignorant of her own sentiments on the sub- ject.” “ She does not like me ! ” cried Norbert, discouraged already. “ I might have seen it. Oh, that I had been better able to express my sympathy and my admiration ! ’ ’ “ I have not said that you are displeasing to her,” interposed M. Kersain.1038 A MONTH IN THE MOON. “I was about to add that I make it a point of not influencing my daughter's choice, and so my consent depends 011 hers. There is nothing easier than to find out the truth of the matter this very evening, if you like to do so.” “ Oh, no, not tonight, pray ! ” said Norbert, with a nervous precipitation strangely at variance with his usual firmness. ‘ ‘ And, ” he resumed, ‘ ‘ you will do me a favor by not speaking to her. Leave me this privilege.” “ Very well. It is scarcely in accordance with French usages ; but I can- not blame you, since you have spoken to me first. I will call Gertrude down, or leave her with you when she returns to the room.” “No; please grant me a last favor!” said the young man in evident trepidation. ‘ ‘ Let me wait a little longer. ’ ’ “ Wait? I do not understand you now.” “ I will explain,” he resumed, in a somewhat firmer tone. “ I am afraid to risk w'hat little chance I have by too great hurry. Let me have time to prove my devotion. If I were to speak now and meet with a refusal, it would be almost impossible to carry out our plans for her safety. ’ ’ “But how do you mean to manage, then?” said the consul. “On the one hand, you will be bound in honor by your words to me ; on the other hand my daughter would be free. I do not call that just to yourself.” “Well,” what matter? Iam bound now for ever. The chief point is, that you should make use of me to save her life, and let me have time to gain her love.” “I see,” said the consul, smiling, “that learning and romance are still compatible. Well, be it as you wish ! I give my consent, and I trust that my daughter will know how to appreciate your chivalric devotion. But our difficulty is not solved. How are we to,persuade her to go without me? ” “ Dr. Briet might help us by insisting 011 an immediate departure and a prolonged absence from Khartoum. You might return, if duty calls you back.” Suddenly a great noise arose in the street. Norbert and the consul were hastening to the terrace to see what had happened, when the door burst open, and Fatima rushed in, breathless and frantic, exclaiming : “General Gordon ! General Gordon is coming! The whole town are gone to receive him ! ” “ General Gordon indeed ! Have you lost your senses ? ” said the incred- ulous consul. “ The criers are calling it out, and every one says it is true ! ” affirmed Fatima. ‘ ‘ Impossible ! General Gordon without any army, without giving any notice of his approach. It is impossible ! ” “ Look, then !” said Fatima, impatiently. “ See for yourself ! ” They went on the terrace and Gertrude came out almost at the same moment. Crowds stood on the neighboring balconies, at the windows, and 011 the door steps; while in the street a great mass swayed to and fro, as they all pressed on in one direction. Suddenly a tremendous clamor was heard. From the end of the street paced slowly a solitary camel, ridden by a blue eyed, fair haired man of shortA MONTH IN THE MOON. 1039 statue, wearing the uniform of a commander in chief. Every arm was stretched out to him as he advanced, every knee was bent before him, and a whole people shouted as with one voice: “ Hurrah for Gordon ! Hurrah for our father, the saviour of Kordofau ! ” The vision passed away. In the evening the town was illuminated. General Gordon held a reception of the consular body, the authorities, civil and military, and the chief inhabitants. He expressed himself confident of holding out against the Mahdi; announced that the town would be put into a state of defense, discipline restored, and the moral tone of the troops raised. He had come, he said, to pacify the Soudan in the name of the English Gov- ernment. In a few days a British army would ascend the Nile, or else, tak- ing the insurgents-in the rear near Suakim, make a speedy end of them. Hope revived in every breast at these consoling assurances. The consul alone was not so easily convinced. “ I was saying only today that a man was needed,” he remarked, as he rejoined Norbert at the gate of the Government House. “ The man is here. But I much fear that he is very insufficiently supported. All will be well if the English army he promises comes in time. Who knows whether it will come at all ? Khartoum is a long way from Cairo, especially for an European army. Well, well we shall see.” “At all events,” he resumed, after an instant’s silence, “this sudden transformation affords us a chance of persuading Gertrude to go without me. Eet us make hay, then, while the sun shines, with the help of my brother in law.” So saying he and Norbert paid a visit to the doctor to invite him to dinner. And in the end everything was settled for their departure next evening. The day went by in preparations. They started about seven o’clock. At eight o’clock Kersain took leave of his beloved daughter and his friends. “ I intrust them both to you ! May we soon meet again,” he said to Norbert, warmly shaking him by the hand. “ Farewell, doctor ! Farewell, in}' darling child ! ” He pressed her to his heart an instant, then shaking his bridle, he started off at a gallop, anxious to hide his tears. ‘1 Shall I ever see her again ? ’ ’ passed through his mind as he rode back to Khartoum. Gertrude did not know why also she felt as if the separation would break her heart. Norbert and the doctor tried hard to make her smile, but she was too unhappy to make any response to their affectionate solicitude. At midnight they encamped, according to the usual custom, under two tents pitched by Mabrouki’s Arabs at the foot of a hill close to the track. While they were breakfasting next morning, previous to resuming the journey, a poor woman passed by, driving an ass before her laden with figs. “ Will you buy some of my fruit ? ” she asked. They purchased a basketful, and all ate some of the figs. Not three minutes later a deep slumber seized upon all alike. Fatima was the first to succumb. She fell sound asleep beside her mistress. Gertrude did likewise, followed by Norbert and the doctor. The Arab camel drivers also soon stretched themselves 011 the sand, unable to keep their eyes open.1040 A MONTH IN THE MOON. Mabrouki alone struggled long against a kind of stupor, mingled with the consciousness that that it was his duty to keep wide awake. But at length he too lay wrapped in a dreamless slumber. *	*	*	*	*	iK	* On first awaking, Gertrude thought she must be still in a dream. She opened her eyes in a large, lofty, circular hall, lighted by seven copper lamps. The walls were most artistically carved and decorated. In a circle round the hall stood basalt columns and statues of porphyry, separated from each other by mysterious looking alcoves, which the imagination pictured as filled with strange fantastic furniture. She was the daughter of a distinguished arch geologist, and therefore knew at once that she was looking upon work done in the greatest of the Egyptian ages. Her interest in art got the better of her fear for a few' minutes, and she walked around the hall to look at its decorations. One would have said that the sides of the alcoves between the columns and the colossal statues were covered with gay colored draperies ; but in reality they were adorned with frescoes whose brilliant colors had lasted through thirty centuries. The bed on which Gertrude lay was of grotesque form, and richly wrought. It represented an immense bronze tiger, stretched full length, his back forming the couch. It might have been made for some princess of ancient Thebes. An ivory seat, whose delicate carvings resembled the finest lace ; a silver table, whose furbisliments were of yet greater value, one of them being a polished disk resting on the sculptured head of a kneeling slave ; and a magnificent lion skin, covering the marble seats, completed the furniture of the alcove, where Gertrude had just returned to the consciousness of her sur- roundings. On the lion skin lay Eatima, still wrapped in deep sleep. How had they come to this strange place ? How long had they slept ? Gertrude had no idea ; and, taking up her watch, she found it had stopped. “ Fatima ! ” she cried, in sudden terror, throwing herself off the bed. The little maid opened her eyes. She seemed dazed, but: rose to her feet mechanically, as it were. Nearly at the same moment a hidden door in the wall rolled aside noisily, and there appeared on the threshold a tall, richly dressed negro. “ The master ! ” he said falling prostrate on his face. Behind him stood the dwarf of Rhadatneh. He wore a linen tunic white as snow, and in his crimson belt was his richly jeweled saber. An aigrette of horsehair surmounted his turban, and from each hair depended a diamond. Thus appareled, the hideous black face and misshapen body looked more re- pulsive than ever. Advancing with an assured air of self satisfied confidence in the effect of his charms, the monster came smiling to Gertrude. “ What do you want ? ” she asked in a cold, haughty tone. Lifting his hands, the dwarf made her an obeisance in the Arab fashion, without uttering a word. Then he knelt down and kissed the hem of her robe, regarding her at the same time with an air of supplicating humility.THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. 1041 The tender hearted girl, touched by his expression, asked gently : “ What can I do for you ? You seem to be appealing to my compassion. Perhaps the Mogaddem has been hard upon you? If so, come to Khartoum. My father is powerful and respected. He will know how to protect you.” The dwarf smiled disdainfully, and rising stood before her, his hands on his hips, and answered in a stentorian voice in French : “ I am not a slave ! I need no one’s protection, and if I do homage, it is to beauty only. What I offer thee, young girl, is to share with me the throne of the Soudan. I am its king and I have chosen thee to be its queen ! ’ ’ A. Laurie. (to be continued.) THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. Being the story of a Crow Indian and Robinson’s baby—What inspired Devil Jim to fight his hardest in the face of fearful odds. T T K was big and red and lank, awkward and uncouth, a figure not pretty to look at, and somewhat terrifying to the mere superficial observer. Some said he was a half breed, but the Crow was there predominant ; the long straight hair, the rich coppery skin, the small vicious eyes, the falcate nose, the thin, peaked jaw—all these were distinctive. And no man with white blood in his veins could have borne to be so uncleanly. From the first day that he was attached to the little squad of scouts he was looked upon with suspicion ; he had no intimates, no companions, no one into whose tolerant ear he might speak a word, no one from whom he might expect a sympathetic glance. An outcast from his tribe, he had not bettered his condition. His brother scouts hated him, would have despised had they dared ; the enlisted men avoided him as if he were pestilent, the officers endeavored to ignore the fact that he infested the camp ; whenever and wher- ever the shadow of his angular figure fell every man in the neighborhood got aw^ay with the least possible delay—no one felt easy in his company. In a word, he was subject to all the aversion shown to a man that has the reputa- tion of being ugly. Not, however, that he really was so. They called him Devil Jim more because he had simply the promise of growing up to the title than because he had done anything to gain it. While he was in the guardhouse most of the time, he was there for the reason that that was the most convenient place to keep him—when lie wasn’t there he was drunk. He got drunk as often as he could, which was just as often as the other scouts and the enlisted men did ; but he seemed to have greater opportunity. He w'as never at liberty long enough to think of any overt act of lawlessness. Everybody said he would if he got the chance ; and that is why, doubtless, he was so promptly clapped into jail, notwithstanding the other view of prevalent ill feeling toward him. As time wore on and he was guilty of nothing for which a serious charge could be brought against him (and more than one regretted it) every one was <f)1042 THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. greatly astonished. His comrades said, with evil grunts, that the time would come—sure ; the officers were equally apprehensive, if not so outspoken, and there was not one who did not secretly wish the bugbear removed. Thus it was that Devil Jim got the name of being a terror without trying for it. In the fall of the year young Robinson came up from Texas. Robinson was a youngster only a year or so from the Point ; but he was already mar- ried, and he had got transferred from the Fifth in Texas to the Second in Wyoming on account of tlie climate in the Rio Grande valley not agreeing with his wife. Wlien he came to Shoshone lie brought, not only Mrs. Robinson, but an infant of a year, with its nurse, and three or four pack- loads of little tables with bamboo legs, low spreading wicker chairs, waste paper baskets with blue ribbon run through the sticks, and screens with Japanese storks woven in bullion. There was also a resplendent baby car- riage. When pretty little Mrs. Robinson, delicate and liarebell-like, first caught sight of Devil Jin:, she was so terrified by his aspect that she ti'embled at in- tervals for days afterward. It happened one afternoon when she was sitting in her modest veranda, and when Jim was enjoying one of his rare holidays out of the guardhouse. He merely passed by; he was not drunk, for the clerk at the post trader’s had just told him he would “ talk to him on pay day”; he did not even look at her. But the apparition was so terrifying in itself that little Mrs. Robinson just sat and trembled. It was awful, she told herself. And she straightway wanted to tell some one else. Now there were but three other women at Shoshone—her nurse, the wife of Captain McGuire, the commandant, and the McGuires’ maid of all work. It was therefore to Mrs. McGuire that she went. And after she had told her story, Mrs. McGuire, who was anything but delicate and harebell-like, laughed quite heartily—heartlessly, Mrs. Robinson declared—and told her not to mind a little thing like that, because Devil Jim’s only prerogative in camp was to encumber the earth and frighten people by appearing before them whenever he had the good luck to get out of the guardhouse. But Mrs. Robinson did mind very much, and she doubted exceedingly if she could stand it. She appealed first to her husband. “Edgar, dear,” she said, “I’ve been so frightened today by an awful looking wretch—an Indian—who seems to have nothing to do but to wander about. Don't you think you could get the captain to send him away ? ” “ What awful looking wretch, dearest? ” inquired young Robinson sooth- ingly. “ Why, that—Devil Jim, I think they call him.” “ Urn. What’s he been doing, dearest ? ” “ Doing ! Why, can’t he be sent away without doing something? ” “ I’m afraid not, dearest.” Mrs. Robinson inquired piteously of herself why she had ever married into the army. Then she went to Captain McGuire. “ Oh, captain ! ” she cried, wrinkling her brows prettily, “ I’m in such mortal terror of one of your scouts ! And I want you to send him away, please. ’ ’THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. 1043 The captain was noted for gallantry (he was getting on in years). He bowed grotesquely and smiled. “ Do you so much as point out the man, my dear lady, and he shall be strung up by the thumbs,” he said. “ Oh, I don’t want him strung up by the thumbs ! I only want you to send him away—far away. The very sight of him makes me shudder ! ” And she shuddered.. “Has he dared to annoy you, Mrs. Robinson?” This was serious; he looked askance. “’Why, his very presence is an annoyance, captain ! He is a standing menace to my peace of mind. I don’t want the man punished, you know, captain—only removed ” “ It shall be done,” replied the captain, with a wave of his hand. Jim was shortly afterward summoned from the squad room to head- quarters. He had but recently served a term of three days in the guard- house—on the old charge of drunkenness ; he was now sent back for three days—011 general principles, as the captain succinctly remarked. These three days were the exact period of the reign of peace restored ; within an hour of his liberation Jim was again in trouble. Taking advantage of the fine sunshiny afternoons of the early autumn, Mrs. Robinson used to send forth the baby in the resplendent perambulator for some of the tonic air. The nurse at first confined her strolls to the short street within the stockade that ran before the quarters, but she soon ventured out upon the trail that led down the creek to the canyon. Now' it so hap- pened that when Jim was released, instead of going to the squad room to run the fire of distrustful yet exulting glances, which were his due from his com- rades, as he should, have done, he, too, made straight for this road—and, it is reasonable to suppose, in the view of a crushed spirit wanting solitude, purely by accident. He came upon the woman from behind. When she heard the soft fall of his moccasined feet, she turned ; and when she saw' who it was she paled. Her mistress had warned her. Devil Jim, not knowing what else to do, possibly, ventured to smile propitiatingly. And when he performed that, for him, very unusual thing, the girl let out a sky piercing shriek, and made for home with all possible haste—taking a wide course around him—abandoning baby and perambulator to his mercy. The rescuing party that set out upon her alarm was composed of young Robinson himself, two brother lieutenants, a scout, and an orderly or two. The young mother would also have been with them, doubtless, but she was in hysterics. When, after a hot run, they came within sight of the perambulator, they saw something which, at the very least, they did not expect to see. Robinson had been telling Parker and Bangs all along, in a breathless, despairing sort of way, that he knew just how it would be : the baby would be either frightened to death, poor little darling ! or Jim would have carried it off. His wife would never get over it, he knew; she would go insane, or into a decline, or home to her mother—oh, it was awful ! The only coherency in his remarks was wlia± he vowed against the doer of the mischief ; it was very1044 THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. plain, from the vvay he had been going on, that Jim was likely to have a very unpleasant experience. But instead of seeing all that bad been anticipated, there was nothing now but a view of Devil Jim kneeling beside the perambu- lator, ducking his ungainly head and laughing, and acting altogether as if he were harmlessly demented. It was incredible, yet they could make nothing else of it. This development, however, if it allayed young Robinson’s fears, did not appease his wrath. Thte abduction of the child would have been but a degree worse than this intimate pleasantry. That an outcast Indian should be playing with his child ! It was too much. And when the fact became evident that the baby was crowing in appreciative glee the last straw was added. Devil Jim had his back turned when they approached. At the distance of fifty yards or so, young Robinson stopped his companions, and went on noiselessly alone. As he got close he heard the Indian chanting a queer little native song, accompanying it with grimaces. The baby’s eyes were big; and when his entertainer’s head ducked—a part of the play which took place every few seconds—his gurgles of pleasure burst forth. The father saw noth- ing to laugh at. He was upon them in a moment; and he seized the Crow by the shoulders and sent him sprawling. Jim looked up from where he had been thrown. He did not seem to be angry, but surprised and hurt. When young Robinson, with a forbearance for which he congratulated himself afterward, turned him over to the orderlies without chastisement, Jim seemed to take it as a matter of course that he should be tied at the wrists, and held out his hands. Robinson gathered the infant to his breast. It caused him a pang to discover that the child was not ecstatic at its deliverance; it began to whimper, with arms outstretched toward the miserable object now standing complaisant between the two orderlies. Jim got another little term for this escapade; but it was only for a fort- night, and when it was over and he wras out again, Mrs. Robinson was beside herself to learn that he could not be detained permanently in the guardhouse without some specific charge. It was a pretty note, she declared. She wished they had stayed in Texas. The nurse was instructed to remain within the stockade thenceforth; never, upon any account, to venture outside. But even with this restriction there seemed to be no way of avoiding Devil Jim. From afar he would gaze at the baby in the perambulator, and, successful in attracting its attention, would perform some rediculous antics for its amusement. Indubitably the first white baby he had ever seen, it had for him some subtle fascination ; he had found something more worthy his worship than the black bottle at the post trader’s. With a view to enhancing his attractiveness in infantile eyes he got to picking up stray articles of vivid coloring for his adornment : a bandanna neckerchief came first, then a peaked baseball cap of red and white stripes, next a belt which was only half .a belt, the front being a sash. But the crowning acquisition was a small, round pocket looking glass, with a place inTHE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. 1045 the rim for pins. This he wore on the left breast of his blouse, where the enlisted men wore their marksman badges. As all these things cost money, and as Jim got very little of that, there was nothing left for liquor ; so he came to be out of the guardhouse nearly all the time. And he grew—through inward grace as well as outward care— to be less forbidding in aspect. With these changes Mrs. Robinson was beginning to think his presence in camp more endurable. But at the very moment when he bid fair to become a respectable member of society he was guilty of his most flagrant misdeed. The nurse, who was a more or less comely young woman, with a certainty of the more in her own mind, was impressed with the manly bearing of a corporal who looked after her with very close attention when she was out upon parade. Not unnaturally these two, meeting so often, in the course of time struck up a little flirtation ; and soon the corporal made it his business to await the maid at a point out of sight of quarters, where he would join her upon her stroll wi th the baby. Jim noticed how things were going—possibly surmised that the infant was not getting much attention now—and before long he too, would follow, at a respectful distance. And thus one day, when the two lovers were so busily engrossed with each other that they had eyes for nothing else, Jim stole up from behind, doubtless with the intention of having some play with the baby. While in the act of passing his big paw over the infant’s flaxen curls he was surprised by its custodian, v/lio promptly delivered herself of a scream which awoke the echoes and caused the robust swain at her side to jump in alarm, soldier as he was. What Jim was doing with the baby’s hair never transpired ; the girl, when questioned afterward, declared that she had seen a knife gleam in the Indian’s hand, and that she was positive he intended to scalp it. But as the corporal could not corroborate her, much as he desired to, and as no knife was found upon Jim when he was searched, Captain McGuire credited the story to imagination. All he could do with Jim was to put him into the guard- house again. Mrs. Robinson believed the girl’s story implicitly ; more, she believed that Devil Jim had had designs upon the baby’s life ever since it had come to camp. Possibly she had ground for this suspicion ; if she had, it was cer- tainly strengthened when, a few days after the latest outrage, the baby became ill. Those were troublous days. From the commandant down to the lowliest scout every man in camp was impressed into the little sufferer’s service —every man except Devil Jim, who was in the guardhouse. Mrs. Robinson, her husband, Mrs. McGuire, and the surgeon, rarely left the bedside. So engrossing was tlie one misfortune that discipline was relaxed, and no one was required to do more than think of and for the baby. There was a week of it ; and then, at dawn of a cool October morning, the child died. Little Mrs. Robinson collapsed. She was unable to attend the simple funeral. And slue was not alone in her grief. When the procession moved up the little hill to the burial plot the men who looked the grimmest were not1046 THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. the least affected ; there was not a dry eye. Or, perhaps, save one—Devil Jim, looking out from behind the bars of the guardhouse, had eyes that were merely vacant. It was a good thing for young Robinson that, late the same evening, there came from department headquarters a telegram ordering the troop into the field. There had been a descent of Sioux marauders upon the ranches in the northeastern corner of the Territory ; they had stampeded ponies and cattle, and were carrying things with a high hand ; the department commander de- sired to suppress the band while yet there was fine weather. The orders were for immediate action. Therefore the troop was got into marching order by lantern light. As it was essential that every available man be in line, Devil Jim was let out at once. He was morose and dejected ; and the mood was more noticeable in the prevalent high spirits that had been quickly called forth by the promise of an exciting campaign. He was ordered to take his place in the detachment getting ready the pack train. It w7as not long, however, before he succeeded in stealing away in the darkness. After stopping a moment in the uproarious squad room, he slunk along in the deepest shadows until he was clear of quarters ; then he made off at a quick run in the direction the little funeral had taken that afternoon. It was but fifty rods or so to the spot he sought ; and even in the darkness he had no difficult)7 in finding the diminutive mound of newly turned earth. He sat down beside it, puffing ; and when he had regained breath, he crooned the little native song young Robinson had heard beside the peram- bulator. It was not long ; and having finished, he gravely went to the foot of the mound and began to pluck at the long grass. Then, with great care, he drew something from the pocket of his blouse. It was the peaked cap with the red and white stripes. From the same pocket came the bandanna, and the belt that was half a sash. These he tied into a small, compact bundle, and, scooping out some earth with his bony fingers, placed in the hole, covering them with the grass. For the head of the grave the resplend- ent pocket mirror was reserved. Then he chanted another verse of the song, stood a little while in silence afterward, and finally backed away toward quarters. The column was on the march by dawn. First were the scouts, a dozen or so, Jim among them ; then the troopers, Captain McGuire and young Robinson at the head ; last the stringing pack train. Their course lay along the trail to the eastward ; and many miles were between them and their destination. Into the bright rays of the morning sun they cast expectant eyes, for action was before them. But two seemed to have thoughts other than for what was to come. Young Robinson rode with head bowed in grief, Devil Jim in a stupor. Forty miles was the distance that day ; and at nightfall the bivouac was in a deep gully the bed of which was dry. About the camp fires there was gaiety ; for the yesterday was no longer remembered in the new excitement. Young Robinson left his companions at the earliest opportunity and climbed the steep sides of the ravine to the prairie above. There, beneath the vaultTHE BLACK SHEEP OF THE POST. 1047 in which sliQiie stars like baby suns, his hot head cooled by the breezes that set the grass to murmuring, he walked until long after midnight. He thought, he felt, that he was alone ; and i'll the darkness he was. But Devil Jim, his lank figure indistinguishable, was never far from him. He whispered softly to himself—even the whispers seemed guttural ; he wanted to speak ; but his English was not good. He never got further than the whispering. The morrow’s sun rose red and burning. Quickly the troop got under way again, moving still to the eastward. The scouts were some miles in ad- vance, now thrown out as a skirmish line. It was thought that by noon there would certainly be some sign of the marauding band. And it was not long before the watchful eye of the commandant detected the presence of hostile Indians in the action of these scouts ahead. They were galloping in to a center from their outposts. One presently came at a wild pace to the rear. He reined up before Captain McGuire and spoke a few words quickly. Then commands were given and a trumpet rang out. There was a hasty dismounting, a tightening of girths; then tins trumpet again, sounding to saddle. An interval1 of speak- ing silence ensued. Suddenly another blast sent the whole column forward at a quick trot. The sleek flanks of horses and the glittering accouterments shone out from the" cloud of dust; there was 110 sound save the thunder of hoofs and the clashing of scabbards; but when they got up to the front the low chant of the Crow death song came back on the breeze from the line of scouts. Down through a ravine the advance was made slowly, and then there was a creek to be forded. The opposite bank was fringed with cottonwoods, and nothing could be seen yet. But upon emerging from the underbrush, a long stretch of bottom laud lay away to the south, and in the distance was an Indian encampme nt. It was not merely a depredatory party, it appeared, for there were tepees, and women and children. The troop was halted a moment for formation; then, deployed on the bot- tom, it moved forward at a double quick. The camp was taken by surprise. With cheers and yells the line swept on. Presently there was a sharp volley from the carbines; then an answering volley. The line wavered, closed up, and pressed on. Another volley met with a desultory fire only, and the charge was made at the gallop. In a moment the outskirts of the camp were reached, and the engagement began hand to hand. The sharp snapping of revolvers, the occasional clashing of sabers, the same wild yelling, filled the air as the line fought its way in among the tepees. All at once there was a cracking of rifles from the underbrush 011 the flank. Horses fell with their riders and . there was a moment of confusion. The line was doubled upon itself to meet the new attack. In the dust and smoke it seemed to have lost formation and to be slowly falling back. The scouts were fighting in advance of the troopers, and they were first to recoil; disputing inch by inch, one moment they would give way, the next rally with renewed yelling. They were but a handful, and the raking fire1048 SMALL SERVICES. from the underbrush was dropping them one after another. At last the few remaining were forced back with a rush. But one did not for the moment yield. True to his name he had fought like a devil. In the first impact of the attack he had rushed forward and entered the Indian village; for a while he had been lost in the clouds of dust, but when his companions fell back he was seen some distance behind them, also retreating, but with his face to a party of hostile Indians, four or five, whom he held in check with a revolver. Under his left arm he carried a bulky bundle. For a moment he was seen thus to stand at bay. But a rifle rang out in that moment. He jumped suddenly into the air, his ungainly body all angu- lar, and then dropped doubled up in the deep dust. Young Robinson, flushed, firm lipped, sweating in little rivulets, stood in the van of the troopers swinging his glinting saber to right and to left. He, too, had been unhorsed, but he hardly noticed it. The commandant had fal- len and he was trying to rally the broken line. His example inspired courage and confidence, and soon he had gathered about him all that were left. Seizing a riderless horse he mounted, and again commanded a charge. The remnant of the little troop spurred forward. A few rods away, and directly in their path, Devil Jim lay on his side, holding aloft an Indian pap- poose bundled in skins. With what breath was left him he yelled, “ More baby !—more baby ! ” and tried to attract young Robinson’s attention with frantic gestures. But 110 one seemed to see him and the line galloped 011. For a while the charge seemed hopeless; but so fierce and stubborn was it that a hostile band twice as large would have found it difficult to withstand. It brought demoralization, disintegration, and panic; and in a few minutes the Indians were in retreat. But half the troop returned to Shoshone; the others found a resting place in the bottom. It was generally conceded that young Robinson wras the hero of the fight, and that it was due to him alone that any of them were left to return. The little party detailed toward dusk to look after the fallen, and to per- form for them the last rites, could never afterward agree among themselves as to how the pappoose came to be lying beside Devil Jim. Nor could they guess, hard as they tried, where he had got the little yellow curl they found in a leather pouch hanging to a piece of string about his neck. Not that it mattered, however. Rhoden McKnight. SMALL SERVICES. Small service is true service while it lasts ; Of friends, however humble, scorn not one ; The daisy, by the shadow that it casts, Protects the ling’ring dewdrop from the sun, IV. Wordsworth.THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD.* Thrilling experiences among the islands of the Western Pacific—The hostage chosen by the pirates to coerce the first mate—"What befell when the Malays attacked the stockade on Refuge Island. SYNOPSIS OP CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED. The clipper ship Flying Cloud, Captain Blake commanding, is en route between New York and Australia, with seven passengers: Dr. Henderson, his wife, little child Lucy and his wife’s sister, Sibyl Stanley; also Mr. Grant, a civil engineer, with his wife and seven year old son Percy. After crossing the line the chief mate, Bryce, is lost overboard and Ned Wilson, scarcely twenty, is advanced to the post, while Robert Manners, who is no older, is made second officer. Mean- time Josh Williams, one of the able seamen, foments discontent among the crew and one night Captain Blake and Mariners are seized, bound and placed in captivity, while Williams makes clear to Ned Wilson that the price of the safety of the women and children among the passengers is his promise to faithfully navigate the ship to the best of his ability for the muti- neers. Williams proposes to put the passengers ashore on one island and the two ship’s officers on another, but several days elapse before land that seems suitable is sighted. Finally one about six miles long is selected and the passengers are sent off in two boats. At the last moment Sibyl Stanley is detained from accompanying her friends, Williams arguing that she must be held to insure Ned’s trustworthiness. Captain Blake and Manners are landed on another island, and soon afterwards the Flying Cloud is put in at a third one, having a safe harbor between tall cliffs, screening her from all observation. The crew go off on exploring trips, and Ned takes Sibyl Stanley in the dingey. He shoots a gay plumaged bird, which in falling, becomes fast in the bushes fifty feet up a cliff. Leaving Sibyl in the boat, Ned starts to clamber up after it and presently vanishes from view beneath the greenery. After waiting a long while and becoming anxious, Sibyl calls to him but receives no reply. A minute or two later she calls again, but still no answer.	. Chapter XIV.—A Strange Discovery. \\THEN Sibyl’s repeated calls brought no reply, and Ned Wilson did not reappear on the steep cliff above the boat, the young girl became seriously alarmed. Dosing command of herself, she called upon her com- panion in piteous accents to answer, or if anything had befallen him to give her some sign of his whereabouts in order that she might be guided to his assistance. Still calling him, she was about to attempt the perilous ascent of the cliff in quest of Ned when she heard him shout, and, looking up, saw him leaning over the edge of a rocky ledge about a hundred feet above her. “Are you all right, Miss Sibyl?” he shouted. “I thought I heard you call.” “Yes,” she replied, steadying her voice as well as she could on the in- stant. “I am all right, thank you, but you were so long away that I began to fear some accident had befallen you. ’ ’ *	This story began in the January, 1897, issue of The Argosy. The two back numbers will be mailed to any address on receipt of 20 cents.1050 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. “No,” he answered back, “I am all right, but I have made a most wonderful and interesting discovery that—however, I will come down.” And suiting the action to the word, he at once began to descend the cliff, not vertically, as he had gone up, but in a diagonal direction, and, as Sibyl thought, at breakneck speed. Ned continued in his wild career until he reached the water’s edge, at a distance of perhaps two hundred feet to the westward of the boat, when, from what Sibyl could see of his movements, he appeared to break the bough of a bush in such a manner as to leave the branch dangling from the parent shrub, after which he began to make his way along the cliff toward the boat. A few minutes later he reached the dingey—minus the bird, by the by, which he had set out to secure—and stepping in, at once proceeded to cast off the painter. Then, as he stepped aft and tossed the paddles into the row- locks, he first got a glimpse of Sibyl’s still troubled face. “ I beg your pardon, Miss Sibyl,” he said. “ I am afraid I have fright- ened you by my long stay aloft there. The fact is I was so interested in my discovery that for the moment I forgot the flight of time. “I have made a most curious discovery. I had not made my way very far up the cliff when I came to what looked so very much like a flight of roughly hewn steps that I determined to follow the indications and investi- gate. I did so, and soon came to the conclusion that, though the step like projections were just as thickly overgrown as the rest of the cliff, showing that they had not been used for years, or possibly generations, they had un- doubtedly been wrought out by the hand of man. “ Pushing the shrubs on one side I had no difficulty whatever in making my way upward, until I at length came out upon a flat platform of rock, in the outer edge of which were two holes or depressions, some twelve feet apart, which I imagined might have been hollowed out to receive the heels of a pair of sheers, an impression which was rendered all the stronger when, on looking more closely, I discovered a groove terminating in a third hole, which I immediately guessed must have been formed to receive the heel of the back leg. You will perhaps comprehend me when I explain that sheers are used to assist in hoisting heavy articles. The rocky platform is about fifteen feet square, the cliff overhanging it above ; and at its back part there is a sort of split in the rock about eight feet wide and nearly the same in height. I passed in through this crevice, and at once found myself in a. cave perhaps thirty feet wide and about fifty feet deep. ‘ ‘ And now comes the strangest part of the affair. It is nearly half full of bales and parcels, with several jars, apparently earthenware, their mouths tied over with what looks like a coarse kind of cloth. And in one corner there are stacked up a number of weapons—spears and axes—so rusted and decayed that they may have been there for centuries. There are also a number of what I took to be shields by the look of them ; but, they, like everything else, are so coated with dust that I did not touch them. But I must certainly give the place a thorough overhaul, as it may serve us as a refuge and place of concealment at a pinch. Would you like to go up and have a look at the cave and its contents now? ”THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1051 “I should like it very much if you think I could climb the stairs,” answered Sibyl. “Oh, }res,” answered Ned-, ‘ ‘ you can do that easily enough, I should think ; and I should like you to make the attempt, if only to find out whether you could accomplish the ascent at some future time, if necessary. I will go before and clear the way for you, using the axe if we meet with any very serious obstacles ; but I think you will be able to manage without much difficulty. Ah, here, you see, is the landing at the bottom of the flight,” and Ned indicated to his companion a flat ledge about a yard square, close to the surface of the water. The dingey was carefully secured, and then, stepping on to the ledge, Ned assisted the young girl ashore. There could be 110 doubt as to the fact that from this ledge or landing, a flight of step like projections led diagonally up the face of the cliff ; and, thickly overgrown as they were,, there could be as little doubt that, if not entirely artificial, nature had been largely assisted by the hand of man in their formation. The flight averaged pretty evenly about a yard in width, each step being about six inches high; so that but for the dense growth of shrubs upon them, the ascent would have been exceedingly easy. Even as things were, Sibyl experienced far less difficulty than she had anticipated, Ned going before and then pressing the shrubs aside to facilitate her passage, using his axe here and there to remove such growth as stood fairly in the middle of the way. Nor was the ascent nearly so dangerous as might have been expected, the dense growth all along the outer edge of the stairway forming a sort of bul- wark which rendered a fall almost impossible. So safe, indeed, and compar- atively easy was the ascent that it was accomplished in about twenty minutes; when, after poiutiug out the holes in the upper platform, and fully explaining the structure and uses of' the sheers which he believed to have once stood there, Ned led the way into the cave. For a few minutes after entering everything was so dark compared with the brilliant daylight without that nothing could be seen. At length, how- ever, their ejres became accustomed to the soft twilight gloom of the place, when Ned at once began to direct Sibyl’s attention to the various articles that were stored there. The first objects examined were the weapons, all of which were stacked in one corner. The shields—for such they actually proved to be—were circular, about two feet in diameter, and made of a metal which, when cleaned of its thick coating of grime and a small portion of its surface scraped with a knife, turned out to be brass. On the inside two leather straps were riveted, one for the arm to pass through and the other for the hand to grasp; but so old and decayed were these straps that the}7 crumbled into black dust at a touch. This was also the case with the wooden shafts of the spears, which pow- dered away like touchwood. And, as for the spear heads and the blades of the axes, they were so rust eaten that little more than a rough jagged indica- tion of their original shape remained.1052 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. The earthen jars, of which there were twenty four, next claimed Ned’s attention. These vessels stood about two feet high, and were about ten inches in diameter, of peculiar though not ungraceful shape, and they were singu- larly heavy, as Ned discovered when he seized one with the intention of moving it forward into a lighter part of the cave. The mouth was covered with four thicknesses of a kind of cloth, such as Ned had never seen before; the cloth being bound round the neck of the jar with several turns of fine cord, which like the cloth, seemed to have been treated with a waxy coating. If preservation was the purpose of the treatment, it had succeeded fairly well ; but the outer or top layer of the cloth covering the mouth of the jar had rotted and split here and there. The second layer, however, w7as in a very fair state of preservation, and the other two layers were perfect. Ned’s knife quickly severed the cord, which, however, was so rotten that it came to pieces during the process of unwinding, and he then uncovered the mouth of the jar and peered down into it. The vessel was full of a coarse, dull, yellow glistening sand, a handful of which the young fellow quickly removed and carried out into the daylight. Ned was back in a moment, exclaiming to Sibyl in a tone of astonishment : “ It is gold dust, Miss Sib)d ! Gold dust, and thousands of dollars’ worth of it ! ” - “I am very glad to hear it,” answered Sibyl. “ But are you quite sure you are not mistaken ? How do you know it is gold dust ? ’ ’ “ I know by the look and weight of it,” answered Ned. “I have seen too much gold dust in Australia to be deceived in such a matter. Look at it and feel it for yourself—note the weight of a handful of it, and you will be satisfied that I am right. I expect the contents of all these jars are the same, but I will open one or twTo more j ust to satisfy myself. ’ ’ He did so, and found his conjecture to be correct—the three which he opened were all full of gold dust like the first. Quite a large pile of small brick like parcels next came in for a share of Ned’s attention. They were enveloped in waxed cloth, and like the jars were singularly heavy. Ned opened one, and on removing the cloth wrapper disclosed to view a block of dull yellow virgin gold. The block was about the same shape as, but a little larger than an ordinary brick, and stamped or molded on each side W'as a sign or symbol of hieroglyphic characters. Ned did not consider it necessary to open any more of the brick like parcels, as, after his experience with the jars, he felt fairly satisfied that if opened, each parcel would be found to contain a gold brick similar to the one already disclosed. He w^as therefore about to suggest a descent to the boat, under the impression that his inspection of the cave and its contents had been completed, when his attention was attracted by an extra large brick like parcel which he thought he might as well examine. He accordingly raised it from the floor to carry it further forward into the light when, though tolerably heavy, the comparative ease with which he lifted it at once assured him that, whatever else it might be, it certainly was not gold.THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1053 The grimy cloth wrapping was soon removed, and a casket of discolored brass of elaborate and curious workmanship was disclosed. The lid was not secured in any way, otherwise than by the hinges; and so perfect had been the protection afforded by the waxed cloth wrapping that these worked with- out difficulty.. The lid was quickly raised, and the casket—which measured about fifteen inches long by nine inches wide, and perhaps ten inches deep—was found to contain a number of neat parcels. The first which came to hand was at once opened, and there before the eyes of the admiring pair, fresh as if just removed from the shell, lay some two hundred or more magnificent pearls. Sibyl’s admiration of the pearls plunged her into a perfect trance of de- light. The other parcels were found to contain rubies, sapphires, emeralds, diamonds and other precious stones, all in their rough state just as they had been unearthed from the mine, but all of extraordinary size. At first the fortunate finders were not greatty impressed at the sight of these stones, for neither of them quite knew what they were—though they judged them to be valuable from the circumstance that they had been deemed worthy of a place in the same receptacle with the pearls—and it was only the gleam of the diamonds which at last awakened in their minds a suspicion that the stones were really precious. When at length, however, this suspicion dawned upon them, Ned posi- tively gasped for breath. “ Why,” he exclaimed, “ we are rich ! rich beyond the power of compu- tation. There must be at least a hundred magnificent fortunes in this cave; and now all that we have to do is to give those ruffians the slip, when I will find means to return here and recover all this treasure. Now,” he went on, “ I’ll tell you what we will do. We will divide the contents of this box into two about equal portions, one of which we will convey from time to time 011 board the ship, whilst the other shall remain here ; and in this way I think we may make reasonably sure of securing one half of the gems whatever happens. The gold we must leave, I think, as too cumbersome to be dealt with under our present circumstances. Now, slip those pearls into your pocket, and I will take as many of the diamonds and what not as I can s|ow away, after which I think we had better see about getting back to the ship.” “But,” interposed Sibyl, “have we any right to touch these things? Surely they must belong to some one.” “ I have not the slightest idea who was the former rightful owner of all this property,” replied Ned, laughing ; “but, whoever he was, he has been lust and ashes long ago, and so, too, have the rovers who, I expect, brought them to this out of the way place and hid them in this cave. Of one thing you may rest assured, and that is that we, as the finders, have a better right to everything in this cave than anyone now living.” The reasonableness of this argument satisfied even Sibyl’s sensitive con- science, and she made no further demur to Ned’s proposed arrangements. An hour and a half later they reached the ship, just as the sun was set- ting, and found her still deserted, though the men could be seen mustering 011 the beaches and preparing to return 011 board. Advantage was taken of1054 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. this circumstance by Sibyl to stow away in her own trunk, at Ned’s request, all the jewels brought on board, thus leaving that young gentleman free to meet W illiams on his return to the ship, and to make such a report of his explorations as he might deem fit. Half an hour later all the men had returned on board, and, though the}' were tired by their unwonted exercise, they had evidently enjoyed the day just as much as though they had been so many schoolboys. On the following morning work was begun in earnest, part of the men being engaged in unbending sails and sending down the upper spars, whilst a contingent under W illiams landed and proceeded to cut down trees for the purpose of building stores, a dwelling house, a kitchen, and so on, on shore. Williams’ plans comprised no less than the entire stripping of the ship down to the deck ; the thorough overhauling of her hull, inside and out, including cleaning and scrubbing; and a number of petty alterations in her rigging, which he thought would have the effect of disguising the vessel. And in addition to this he also proposed to construct on shore permanent buildings for the storage of his booty, as well as for the residence of a small contingent of men to guard it. This of course was not only a work of considerable time, but it also in- volved the complete evacuation of the ship, a circumstance which Ned foresaw would cause very serious inconvenience to Sibyl. This, however, was at length surmounted by his obtaining the very reluctant consent of Williams to employ some of the men in the construction of a hut for her sole accom- modation, he at the same time locating himself iti a small tent, which was pitched close at hand, so that he might always be able to watch over her safety. Meanwhile the Southern Cross' duly arrived at Melbourne after an ex- cellent passage ; and Captain Spence was intensely gratified when he found that nothing had been heard of the Flying Cloud. A week later the Southern Cross was lying with an empty hold, waiting for her homeward cargo to come alongside, and still the*Flying Cloud had not put in an appearance. Knowing what he did of the latter vessel’s sail- ing powers, Captain Spence could only conclude that, after the Flying Cloud had parted company with him in the Atlantic, she must have met with a streak of foul wind or light airs which his own ship had happily avoided ; but when, a week later still, the Flying Cloud had not arrived, the exulta- tion which the skipper had at first experienced was converted into a feeling of anxiety, which increased as time went on without any appearance of his rival. The Southern Cross’ cargo was slow in coming alongside ; but, never- theless, wrhen she was loaded, and her hatches put on, and she finally went to sea on her homeward voyage, the Flying Cloud was still numbered among the non arrivals. And when, after a long passage home, the Southern Cross arrived in New York, and Captain Spence had time to inquire after his old friend, Blake, he was not only surprised, but deeply grieved to hear that no intelligence of his arrival in Melbourne had up to that date been received. But there were others even more interested than Captain Spence in theTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1055 fate of the Flying Cloud, and these were by this time anxiously watching the shipping news in the daily papers for tidings of the ship. They came at last, in the shape of the following paragraph : MISSING VESSEL. “The following vessel, previously referred to as overdue, was 011 Wednesday posted as missing : “* The ship Flying Cloud (Blake, master) which left New York for Melbourne on September 15.” Chapter XV.—Exploring Refuge Island. It is now time 1:o return to the little party of passengers, who, it will be remembered, were left in a situation which was certainly the reverse of pleasant. Mr. Grant, whose profession peculiar^ adapted him to cope with such difficulties as those which now environed the party, at once naturally took the lead and assumed the direction of affairs—a position which Dr. Henderson most willingly accorded him, counting himself indeed fortunate in being thus associated with a man of such resource as the engineer. In their present state, the first thing to be done was to provide a shelter for the helpless women and children of the party ; and no sooner was the boat’s cargo discharged upon the beach and conveyed in safety above high water mark than was this task commenced. A suitable position for the tent, which Grant proposed to put up, was soon found among the trees, which grew thickly in clumps on the gentle slopes just beyond the sandy beach. Two cocoanut trees, growing at a con- venient distance apart, were selected as uprights ; and a young sapling was then cut dowm and lashed horizontally from trunk to trunk, at a height of about nine feet from the ground, to serve as a ridge pole. The sail was next hauled over this sapling and secured to the ground on each side, in such a form as to make an A-shaped tent about twelve feet long by eight feet wide, the spare canvas being so split that it fell down at the rear and front end of the tent in such a way as to enable the little shelter to be com- pletely closed when necessary. And, this done, the bedding, as well as such articles as it was important to protect from the weather, were at once placed under shelter, and the interior of the tent made as comfortable as circum- stances would permit ; thus completing the first portion of their task. The next thing was to construct a shelter for the powder—and in fact their little all, in the shape of worldly possessions, which they thought it un- desirable to put into the tent. Two more cocoanut trees were selected ; another stout sapling was cut and secured between them, as in the case of the tent, though not quite so high from the ground, and then a quantity of other and somewhat lighter saplings were procured to form a roof, which by sunset next day they had succeeded in covering with a good serviceable thatch, quite impenetrable to the weather. Before this was accomplished they were unexpectedly reinforced by the1056 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. sudden appearance of Nicholls, whose presence upon the island up to that moment had been quite unsuspected by them. The fugitive had been so anxious to avoid all possibility of recapture by Williams’ men that he spent the night in the woods, presenting himself to the little party as they sat at breakfast the next morning. His sudden appearance created quite a sensation for the moment; but he was almost instantly recognized. “ Why, Nicholls ! ” exclaimed Grant, “what is the meaning of this? What are you doing here ? I thought you and the rest of the mutineers were far enough away by this time. ’ ’ “ Well, sir,” said Nicholls, twisting his cap nervously in his hands as he spoke, “I hope the rest of the mutineers are, as you say, far enough away by this time, but I am here and here I intends to remain—with 3’our good leave, sir. The fact is, Mr. Grant, I’ve cut and run ! That fellow Williams— as perhaps you may know, sir—is a rare good ’un to talk, and he managed to talk me, as well as the rest of the hands, quite into the idee that pirating was just the best thing a poor down trodden seaman could turn his hand to. But after I agreed to jine them I began to think matters over a bit, and the more I thought about it the less I liked it; and at last I made up my mind that I’d slip my mooring aboard the Cloud the first chance I got, So I managed to get told off for service j'esterday in one of the boats, and watching my chance, I sort of strolled up among the trees and then took to my heels, quite determined not to show up again, until the Cloud’s to’ga’nt’ls had sunk below the horizon. And now, here I am, sir, ready and willing to ship with you. I may be able to make myself useful enough to earn my bread and cheese.” “Well, Nicholls,” said Mr. Grant, “ I am heartily glad to see you, my man. And, as to your earning your bread and cheese, a stout, handy fellow like you will be a considerable acquisition to us in our present circumstances. We shall, doubtless, have to endure much hardship and be exposed to count- less perils. But whatever may fall to our lot, I feel confident that in the end you will be better off with us than you would have been with Williams and his piratical crew. But sit down, man ; sit down and take some breakfast. You must be nearly famished by this time, if, as I suppose, you have eaten nothing since you left the ship yesterday. ’ ’ Nicholls, nothing loath, at once seated himself and was served with breakfast, which he devoured with an eagerness that at least spoke well for the tonic properties of the air he had lately been breathing. “I should like,” said Mr. Grant, “ before we go any further, to say a word or two, whilst we are all present here, upon our future plans. I do not know how it may be with you, Henderson ; but, delightful as is the climate of this island, and fertile as its soil appears to be, I have no fancy for adopt- ing it as my permanent home. I am anxious to return to civilization at as early a date as possible. What are your ideas upon the subject? ” ‘' Precisely similar to your own, ’ ’ answered the doctor. “ Very well,” said Grant. “ Then I will now tell you in as few words as possible what my ideas are upon the subject. When we were in the act of leaving the ship yesterday, that noble fellow Ned slipped into my hand aTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1057 strip of paper, in which he had noted not only the position of this island but also the important fact that he had detected the presence of what he believed to be a wreck on the reef 011 the western side of the island. The position of the island, as given by Ned, places us at no very great distance from land ; but that land is inhabited by people who would not scruple for an instant to cut our throats if they thought it would suit their purpose to do so ; it is useless, therefore, for us to think of making for a nearer port than either Hong-Koug, or Singapore, or one of the ports of Western Australia. Our island is, unfortunately for us, situated in a sea which is swept at times by the most destructive hurricanes ; and it would be madness for us to think of leaving this place in anything but a craft capable of living through the very worst of weather. I have not the slightest doubt of my ability to design such a vessel ; but, let her be as small as we dare to make her, her construction will be a work of great difficulty and wrill take a long time. “ During that time we must all be housed, and clothed, and fed. And I therefore propose that our first task shall be a thorough examination of the entire island, for the purpose of ascertaining the most suitable spot as a base for our operations ; and, that discovered, I think we should next go to work to construct for ourselves such a dwelling as shall bid defiance to an assault by anything but civilized troops ; stock it abundantly with provisions, so that, if besieged, we may not have famine to contend with ; and, that done, I think we shall then be free to begin our operations upon the boat.” The doctor, if left to himself, would scarcely have known what to set about first, and he was therefore only too glad to find that Grant was not only so willing, but also so thoroughly able to grapple with the difficulty. He said as much ; and when Nicholls was asked his opinion it turned out that he was quite unable to advance one, but was perfectly willing to follow the lead of his superiors, let them go where they would. The next matter for consideration was that of the exploration of the island, which Grant proposed to undertake alone. His idea was to advance cautiously inland for a mile or so, and then, if he saw no sign of their terri- tory being inhabited, to make a push for the mountain at about the center of the island, and from thence onward to its western side. He thought it only prudent to start upon this expedition thoroughly well armed, and in addition to his repeating rifle, and the revolvers and hunting knife which he wore in his belt, he carried an ax, which he thought might be useful in a variety of waj^s. He hoped to return to camp that evening, but foreseeing that he might meet with delays 011 the way he cautioned them not to feel in the least anxious on his account should he be absent that night and, for the matter of that, the whole of the next day. On taking leave of his companions he at once struck inland towards the mountain, which, looming vast and gray, formed the most prominent object and landmark in the entire island. The ground sloped gently upward, and was thickly covered with long, tangled and luxuriant grass; and at a short dis- tance from the beach it began to be thickly dotted with clumps of trees, among which the cocoanut, the date palm, and two or three varieties of the banana seemed to be the most prominent.io58	THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. Advancing steadily and with tolerable rapidity over the gently rising ground, he at length, when not more than about two miles from camp, sud- denly found himself upon the verge of a ravine with steeply sloping sides, through the bottom of which wound what he at first took to be a river, but which, on close examination, he found was really an arm or estuary of the sea. Descending the banks of the ravine he followed this stream—which at the point where he encountered it was about a quarter of a mile in width—and after pursuing a somewhat devious route for about another mile and a half, came to a spot where this arm of the sea widened out to a broad expanse of water, nearly circular in shape, and rather more than a mile in diameter. Indeed, it had at this point very much the appearance of a lake. Almost in the very center of this lake stood a small island of about eight or ten acres in extent and thickly wooded, which the engineer at once fixed upon as a most suitable spot on which to establish an encampment, as this would be a desirable location for many reasons. Grant was very anxious to reach this island and submit it to a closer ex- amination, but he had no means of crossing the intervening water except by swimming, and this, in consequence of the distance to be traversed, would occupy more time than he felt justified just then in devoting to it. But he promised himself that, circumstances permitting, he would do so on his return journey. Chapter XVI.—The Wreck on the Reef. So far Grant had met with no trace or sign of the existence of savages, or indeed of inhabitants of any description, upon his territorj' ; and he there- fore relaxed somewhat of the vigilant and anxious demeanor which he had hitherto observed, and pushed forward, with as much rapidity as circum- stances would allow, upon his journey. Traversing the borders of the lake, which lay embosomed in the midst of steep hills, he reached, after a walk of about a mile, a spot where a genuine stream flowed into it. At the point of junction with the lake this stream was about a hundred yards in width, having a current which flowed seaward at the rate of half a knot per hour. Half a mile further on, following the course of the stream, Grant found that the channel narrowed very considerably, aud, whilst still to all appearance moderately deep, the current became much more rapid. It was at about this spot that he discovered what he thought would serve as a capital site for a mill, if indeed, the little party should find it in their power to undertake so important a work ; and, making a mental note of the locality, he passed on. He now determined to follow the stream to its source, as his active mind already began to see that it might prove a very useful ally to them in many wa3?s. On the way he frequently encountered brooks of more or less im- portance, flowing down into the main stream, on either side of the ravine, but they wrere scarcely sufficient in volume to account for the large quantityTHE MUTINY ON TfHE FLYING CLOUD. 1059 of water which now went clashing and foaming and sparkling over a bed of huge bowlders. At length he came to the end of the ravine, and there he beheld a sight which amply rewarded him for all the labor which he had undergone in fol- lowing the stream. The ravine terminated in a wall of rock fully a thousand feet in height, from an immense fissure in which, near the top, there spouted a column of water which he estimated to be at least twelve feet in diameter. For fully a third of the distance this liquid column poured down unbroken, to be dashed into spray and mist—in which a rainbow softly beamed—upon an immense spike of rock which divided the flow into two nearly equal parts, and formed two superb cascades, one on each side of the projecting rock. By making a detour Grant was able to climb to the high ground above the ravine, and thence to the summit of the mountain. He had now spread around and beneath him a prospect of such surpassing beauty as he thought he had never gazed upon before. The sea bounded his horizon 011 every side, whilst the entire island lay spread out like a map beneath him ; and with the aid of his telescope he was even able to discern the gleaming white canvas of the tent which marked the position of the little party he had left behind. When he turned his face to the westward, he saw that the remarkable cliff which Ned had noticed as the ship passed the island, and which seemed to divide it into two separate and distinct portions, was distant not more than three quarters of a mile from the base of the hill on which he stood. The top edge of this cliff bounded his view to the westward so far as the island was concerned ; but the bay with its encircling reef was visible, and even with the naked eye he readily detected, on the interior edge of the reef, a small speck like object which the telescope showed him to be the wreck mentioned by Ned in his note. The day was now wearing on apace, and his long walk had sharpened his appetite ; Grant therefore thought that he co.uld not do better than sit down where he was and take his luncheon. His meal over, the solitary explorer descended the mountain and made his way to the edge of the cliff. Arrived there, it soon became apparent that the most difficult portion of his journey still lay before him, for at the point where he then stood, he saw at once that to descend the cliff’s face to the slope below would be an impossibility without the aid of ropes or some sub- stitute for them. He turned south and followed the edge of the cliff, hoping to find a spot at which he might descend, but without success, as he at length reached a point where the face of the cliff turned sharply off to the eastward, eventually running sheer down to the water. Retracing his steps, Grant soon found himself back at the spot where he had in the first instance reached the edge of the cliff, and passing on he found, at a distance of about a quarter of a mile beyond, a narrow chasm or gap, which on careful inspection he saw would enable him to descend to the sloping greensward at the foot of the cliff. Down this gap he cautiously scrambled, narrowly escaping an awkwardio6o THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. fall once or twice on his way, and by that means soon reached the foot of the cliff, which appeared to maintain a tolerably uniform height of about three hundred and fifty feet. From the point where he now stood the ground sloped pretty evenly down to the water, the inclination of the slope being about one foot in every three; and the distance to the water’s edge a mile, as near as might be. The base of this long slope terminated in a long strip of sandy beach, which was strewed here and there with timber from the wreck in the offing. This wreck Mr. Grant was exceedingly anxious to visit, as he felt it might— and probably would—prove of inestimable value to himself aud his compan- ions later on. It was not more than half a mile distant from the beach, and was lying close to the inside fringe of the white water which broke over the outlying reef. She was a large vessel measuring, as near as Grant could judge, some sixteen hundred tons, and she appeared to be built of wood. All three of her masts were over the f ide, and could he seen floating there still attached to the hull by the rigging. Her bulwarks were entirely swept away, as also were her deck houses— the broken stanchions of which Grant thought he could detect still projecting above the surface of the deck. The stem aud stern posts of a couple of her boats still dangled from her davits, which seemed to point to the conclusion that when disaster overtook her the crew had been allowed little or no time in which to provide for their safetj7. Grant was an excellent swimmer, and having no boat, he thought his quickest mode of reaching the vessel would be by taking to the water. He was ou the point of stripping for this purpose when, his eye still fixed upon the ship, he caught a glimpse of two or three small dark objects projecting above the surface of the water and moving slowly about. He had a very shrewd suspicion as to the nature of these objects, and his telescope soon demonstrated to him the fact that he wras right in believing them to be the dorsal fins of so many sharks. Chapter XVII.—Exploring the Wreck. The sight of the sharks effectually put an end to Grant’s project of swimming off to the wreck, aud he at once began to look about him for the means of forming such a raft as would enable him to make the trip in safety. There was plenty of timber lying strewed about the beach, but he had no nails or tools of any description, except his axe, with which to construct the raft. Under these circumstances, the matter required a little thinking out ; and whilst deliberating upon the best mode of proceeding, he sauntered along the beach on the lookout for suitable materials. He had been walking slowly along for a distance of about a mile when his quick eye detected certain objects lying on the sand which he instinctively divined to be human corpses, and, making his way to them, lie found he was not mistaken. There they lay—seven of them—just as they had been washed ashore, dead, after their last ineffectual struggle with the merciless sea.THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD.	.	1061 Three of them were fully clothed ; the remaining four were clad only in their shirts, which seemed to indicate that they had leaped from their ham- mocks, upon some sudden alarm, and rushed upon the deck, to be almost im- mediately swept overboard. It was difficult to judge accurately how long a period had elapsed since death had overtaken these unfortunates ; but from their appearance Grant believed that it could not have been many weeks. It was a sad sight to look upon, especially for a man in his situation ; and he hastened to remove it by roughly sharpening a fragment of plank with his axe and scooping shallow graves in the sand, into which he rolled the bodies and hastily covered them. This shocking discovery diverted his thoughts for a short time from his original project ; but, having done all he could for the poor wretches, he was glad to turn anew to the question of the raft. To a man accustomed as he w7as to the quick devising of expedients it was not difficult to scheme out the plan of such a structure as would serve his purpose. Looking about him and collecting a quantity of such small pieces of wreckage as had nails in them, he formed them into a heap, to which, with the aid of some dry grass and withered leaves and a lens from his telescope, he set fire and left it to consume. Then picking out three six inch planks of about equal length, he sharpened their ends with his axe and laid them on the beach, at a distance of about three feet apart, with their sharpened ends pointing seaward. He next procured three pieces of plank long enough to just cross the first three planks at right angles; and as soon as his bonfire had burned itself out he cleared the nails from among the ashes, and with them fastened his struc- ture together. Two short pieces of plank nailed vertically in midships, with another piece secured on top of that, formed a rough and ready seat ; and two other pieces secured crosswise on each side of the outer edges of his raft, and at the distance of about a foot abaft the seat, gave him a fairly ser- viceable substitute for rowlocks. He had already been fortunate enough to find a couple of small oars, and he now thought he might venture to essay a trip to the wreck. Small as was his raft, it was still so heavy as to give him some trouble in the launching of it; but he at length got it fairly afloat, and seating himself in the center, adjusted his oars and began to try its paces. He was greatly surprised to find that he could propel it through the water at a very fair speed, and without much effort; and, this fact ascertained, he at once headed straight for the wreck, which he safely reached in about half an hour. There were plenty of ropes’ ends dangling from the ship’s side, to one of which he made fast his raft, and laying the oars carefully down in such a manner as that they would not be likely to slip overboard, he scrambled 011 board the wreck and reached the steeply inclined deck. The vessel appeared to be fully as large as he had supposed ; and he was agreeably surprised to find, on investigation, that she had not received nearly so much damage as he had anticipated, indeed her injuries seemed to be con- fined almost entirely to the loss of her masts, bulwarks, and deck houses. The cabin had been on deck ; but this was swTept away.1062 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. The forecastle, however, was below, and into this he descended. It wyas arranged in the usual manner on board merchant ships—that is to say, it had standing bunks round each side of it, in which the bedding of the unfor- tunate seamen still remained, precisely as when the ship struck. The seamen’s chests were also there, showing that the}' had had no time to make any elaborate preparations for leaving the ship ; and the impression produced upon Grant’s mind by what he saw was, that when the ship struck, the watch below must have rushed at once up on deck, and very soon, if not immediately afterward, have been swept overboard. As he was there, not to satisfy his curiosity, but to ascertain of what value the ship might prove to himself and his friends, he did not hesitate to open and examine the chests of the poor fellows ; but he found nothing therein except such coarse clothing as is usually worn by merchant seamen, and a few little odds and ends of 110 particular value, except perhaps a sail- or’s palm or two, with sail needles ; and in one or two instances a little house- wife with sewing needles, thread, etc., neatly arranged. One of the chests, however, proved to be a carpenter’s tool chest ; and this, although Grant had a small one of his own among his effects, would be of such priceless value to the little band, that he determined to secure it then and there ; and he accordingly dragged it on deck at once, in readiness to transfer it to his raft. The floor of the forecastle was quite dry, and this circumstance led Grant to hope that the hull had received no damage ; but on raising the hatch lead- ing to the fore peak he saw that the place was nearly full of water. His ex- ploration of the forecastle ended here ; and he was about to proceed on deck when he caught sight of a fishing line suspended on a nail inside one of the bunks. This fishing line he at once secured and took on deck with him, laying it down on top of the carpenter’s tool chest so that it might not be forgotten when he left the wreck. He now proceeded to the after end of the ship. Here the cabins had been entirely swept away, and he had no means of ascertaining any particu- lars as to the ownership of the vessel, the nature of her cargo, or her destina- tion—the ship’s papers and the captain’s private documents having doubtless gone overboard with the wreck of the cabin. But by looking over the ship’s counter he saw that she was named the Mermaid, and that she hailed from the port of Bristol, England. That portion of the deck which formed the floor of the cabin had been covered with oilcloth ; and this oilcloth still remained in place, securely nailed dowui to the planking. Looking about him Grant had no difficulty in discovering the locality of the hatch leading down to the lazarette, which, like the rest of the cabin flooring, was covered with oilcloth, on folding back which he noticed, with satisfaction, that the sea had been prevented from penetrating into the interior. Raising the hatch he descended, and found, as he had expected, that the place was well packed with the usual stores supplied to such a ship when bound upon a long voyage. He opened a few of the cases at liap-liazard andTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1063 extracted from one a bottle of port wine, and from another a tin of preserved sOup ; he also found several casks of ship’s bread, from one of which he filled his pockets. With this booty he returned to the deck and deposited it on the tool chest. He next turned his attention to the hatches. These were all securely battened down ; and he noticed with great satisfaction that the tarpaulins which covered them were quite uninjured, and to all appearance perfectly watertight. He was about to break open the main hatchway, but on further consideration he decided not to do so until he was prepared to hoist out the cargo and transfer it to the shore, as he well knew that when the tarpaulin was removed he would be unable to properly secure it in its place again with- out assistance. His preliminary examination of the wreck was now completed, and the position of the sun warned him that it was high time for him to set about returning to the shore. He met with a great deal of trouble in lowering the heavy tool chest down the ship’s side and safely depositing it on his flimsy raft ; but so much value did he attach to its possession that he determined not to leave the wreck without it. And he eventually succeeded, though not until the sun was within half an hour of setting. This task successfully accomplished, and the fishing line, bread, wine, and tin of soup placed in security on the top of the chest, he cast off and cau- tiously pulled away to the shore, which he safely reached just as the sun’s upper rim was disappearing below the horizon. He was by this time desperately hungry, and the first thing to which he devoted himself was the preparation of supper. His first idea was that he would be obliged to consume the soup cold ; but the prospect of such a com- fortless meal was so little to his taste that he began to look about for some means of overcoming this disadvantage. What he wanted was a vessel or receptacle of some description in which he could heat the soup and make it somewhat more palatable ; and here he remembered having passed during his morning’s ramble on the beach a very large shell of the species Tridacna gigas. He bethought himself of its whereabouts while busily engaged in moving the tool chest, etc., well up above high water mark ; and having brought the locality to mind he took the tin of soup in his hand and hastened along the beach. The shell was not very far distant, and securing it he dragged it to a con- venient position and imbedded it in the soft dry sand, placing the tin of soup in it. He next collected a quantity of dry twigs and brushwood, of which there was no lack beneath the trees at a short distance from the beach. He also gathered a quantity of dry leaves, and with these and the brushwood he built the constituents of a fire, which he next lit with the aid of a match, a few of which he had taken the precaution to provide himself w'ith that morning before setting out. His next task was to find a few large pebbles, of which there was a plentiful supply lying aboitt just where the sand and soil proper met. Selecting about two dozen of the largest he conveyed them to his fire and carefully arranged them in the midst. He then proceeded to fill the shell—which was to serve as1064 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. his cooking pot—with salt water, 110 fresh water being at hand ; after which he sat down and waited patiently until the stones which he had laid in the fire should be sufficiently heated for his purpose. About twenty minutes sufficed for this, when the hot stones were dropped one after the other into the shell, by which means the water was very soon brought to the boiling point, and maintained at that temperature long enough to thoroughly warm the soup, the tin of which he had, after some difficulty, succeeded in opening with an axe. He then hurried back to where he had left the wine and the bread, both of which he conveyed to his ex- temporized kitchen, and there with the aid of a small shell carefully washed, made shift to consume the soup, washing it and the bread down with a mod- erate draught of wine. This done, he knelt down on the sand and, commending himself aud his dear ones to the care of his Maker, stretched himself out by the side of the . fire, and was soon wrapped in a dreamless sleep which lasted until morning. Chapter XVIII.—The Islet in the Lake;. Grant was awakened by a sound so homely and familiar to his ears, that when he first started up he almost believed that the experieuces of the past few months could have been nothing more than an unusually vivid and cir- cumstantial dream, and that he should find himself a tenant of some pleasant American farm house. ’I he sound—which was the crowing of a cock—was repeated and answered from the woods at a distance of perhaps half a mile, and again answered by another shrill crowing nearer at hand, but in a different direction. He was astounded. What could be the meaning of the presence of do- mestic fowls 011 this lonely island ? He started to his feet and set off, deter- mined to investigate. The crowing was repeated often enough to serve him as an effective guide in his search, and proceeding cautiously he at length found himself quite close to the spot from whence the sounds apparently proceeded. Still advancing cautiously he presently heard not only the crowing of a cock, but the loud triumphant clucking with which a hen proclaims to the admiring world the fact that she has laid an egg. A little further away he heard in addition to these sounds, the softer cluck with which a parent lien calls to her chickens; and presently, peering out from behind the bole of an enormous teak tree, he saw not only chanticleer but also his harem, con- sisting of half a dozen hens, two of which had broods of fluffy looking chickens running at their heels. This was a most delightful surprise to Graut; for though the island seemed to promise that he and his party would never be likely to want for the means of sustaining life, here was a supply of food which, carefully looked after, would be the means of affording them manj^ a dainty dish. The fresh morning air had again sharpened the solitary man’s appetite, which now admonished him that it was high time to think seriously about breakfast, aud the loud continued clucking of the hen which had laid an eggTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1065 reminded him that fresh eggs were very good for the first meal of the day. His first intention was to confiscate that egg, but a moment’s reflection showed him that if left alone it might eventually become a chicken, and thus considerably increase in value. He therefore decided to forego the gratifica- tion of fresh eggs for breakfast and to turn his thoughts in some other direction. It occurred to him that fresh eggs being, in the existing state of the mar- ket, too expensive a luxury for breakfast, fresh fish might serve as a very satisfactory substitute; he therefore made his way to the beach, and taking his fishing line, launched the raft and went off as far as the inner edge of the reef, wondering meanwhile how the presence of these domestic fowls could be accounted for upon the island. If the Mermaid had not obviously been wrecked too recently to admit of the existence of so flourishing a brood, he would have thought that they must have formed part of the livestock of that vessel, and that when she struck and her decks were swept, the coops had been smashed and the fowls had succeeded in effecting their escape to the shore. This, however, was impossible on the face of it, and he knew not how otherwise to account for it, unless the}- had been lauded and left by some passing ship, which seemed even more improbable. He was not long in reaching the inner edge of the reef, where he laid on his oars, baited his hook with one of a few shell fish with which he had pro- vided himself, and dropped the line into the water, where it had not been above half a minute when he felt a tremendous tug. Pulling up the line quickly, he found that he had captured a magnificent nine pounder in splen- did condition, being very like a salmon in shape, make, and color, excepting that it had a larger, sharper head, and a finer tail. Securing his prize he at once put about and made for the shore, as he was anxious to reach the camp on the other side of the island that evening. Having caught the fish, the next question was how it could be cooked. He had been revolving this matter in his mind on the return journey from the reef, and remembered having somewhere read of a process which he thought would suit his present condition. He recollected having noticed an outcrop of clay not far from where he had camped on the previous evening, and making his way to the spot, he secured a- sufficient quantity to serve his purpose. The next thing he re- quired was a quantity of leaves, and he plunged into the woods to search for some which might be suitable. He found plenty, but they were all of a class unknown to him, and as they would come into intimate contact with his food in the process of cooking, he hesitated about making use of them ; so pushing 011 a little further, he was fortunate enough to discover an orange tree laden with both blossoms and fruit in every stage, from the little hard green ball the size of a marble, up to the perfect fruit just changing from the dark olive green to a golden yellow. The leaves of this tree would suit his purpose admirably ; so gather- ing as many as he required, as well as three or four of the finest specimens of the ripened fruit, he returned to the beach.io66 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. Here he at once proceeded to mould a portion of the clay into a rough sem - blance of a long narrow dish of dimensions suitable for the reception of the fish. This clay dish he thickly lined with orange leaves, upon which he laid his fish entire as it had come out of the water, covering it with another thick layer of orange leaves, and then with a thick coating of clay, so that the completed structure resembled a roughly modeled clay pie with the fish wrapped in orange leaves in its center. He now proceeded to light a fire, and when the brushwood of which it was composed had been reduced to a mass of glowing red hot embers his clay pie was carefully deposited in the center; fresh brushwood was heaped thickly on the top, and then he sat down to await results. In about half an hour the clay showed signs of cracking, which told him that his culinary operations were complete ; so, dragging the mass out from under the embers, he proceeded to carefully break away the top layer of clay, and there lay his fish cooked to perfection, a dish fit for a king. Upon this fish, and a portion of the bread which he had secured from the wreck 011 the previous evening, he breakfasted royally, washing down the whole with a moderate libation of wine, and topping off with a couple of oranges, after which he was ready to start 011 his homeward journey. Before going, however, he hauled up his raft as high as he could get it on the beach, placed the two oars in safety beside the carpenter’s chest, and roughly thatched over the latter with palm leaves to protect it from the weather. The long pull of a mile up the steep slope leading to the base of the cliff tested his unaccustomed energies very severely, and the toilsome scramble up through the precipitous incline of the gap taxed them still more ; so that when he at length reached the top of the cliff, he was glad enough to fling himself dowm in the long grass and allow himself half an hour’s rest. At the end of that time he once more set forward, shaping his course so as to pass to the southward of the mountain, and from thence down the steep ravine to the edge of the river, the left bank of which he determined on this occasion to follow. After a fatiguing but nevertheless enjoyable tramp, he arrived, at about two o’clock in the afternoon, at the margin of the lake, and at once took measures for swimming across to the islet in the center. Collecting a large bundle of rushes, he stripped, and placing his clothes and his other belongings upon the flimsy raft thus formed, and stepping into the cool, refreshing water, struck quickly out into the lake, pushing his raft before him. As he approached the islet he noted with great satisfaction that, so far as he could then see, the place was admirably adapted for the headquarters of the little partj^ so long as it might be necessary for them to remain in their island prison. There were trees in abundance, and of many varieties, but they did not grow so thickly together as they did on w’hat we may call the mainland, large spaces of open prairie being discernible here and there, which Grant already mentally devoted to the process of cultivation. Swimming quietly, he reached the islet with very little fatigue, and, dressing himself, at once set about looking for the wherewithal for a dinner. He had not far to go, for he had scarcely plunged into the first grove ofTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1067 trees wlien a large bird took wing from among tlie branches, aud, raising his rifle, he succeeded in bringing it to the ground. It proved to be a brush turkey, which he forthwith proceeded to pluck aud prepare for the spit ; lighting a fire meanwhile, so that it might burn well up and be in a fit state for cooking when wanted. The turkey was cooked—after a fasliiou—and if it was not as well done as the engineer could have wished, it was still sufficiently so to satisfy his hunger, after which he set out to explore the islet. It was of no very great size, being about ten acres in extent, or there- abouts, but its surface was finely broken up into miniature hills and dales in such a way as to not only make the spot appear larger than it really was, but also to present a very pleasing variety of aspect to the eye. He found here a spring of fresh, clear, cool water, which was a source of great satisfaction to him, as the wrater of the lake, being in direct communication with the sea, was somewhat brackish, too much so at all events to render it a desirable liquid for drinking and culinary purposes ; and the presence of this spring would avert all necessity for a search on the mainland. Having an eye to the presence of the children upon this islet, Grant was peculiarly inquisitive in the matter of reptiles, aud it was a great relief to his mind to discover that if any such were about they w’ere so scarce that during his entire search round and through it he did not encounter a single snake. So far as he could see there were no animals to be found, though birds were, of course, in as great variety and numbers as they were 011 the mainland of the island. He was fortunate enough to find, not very far from the spot on which he had landed, a shelving piece of beach running down into deep water, which would serve him admirably as a site on which to build his proposed boat, and near it, distant, in fact, not more than two hundred yards—there was a small grove of palms aud other trees which would serve admirably as a shelter from the sun for his proposed house. His survey of the islet completed, he again entered the water, and, with his raft of rushes ahead of him as before, quietly paddled across to the shore on the right bank of the stream, which he now proposed to follow down to its j unction with the sea. A walk of about six miles brought him to the mouth of the little estuary, which he found perfectly concealed from the ocean, in consequence of the river taking a sudden bend and then doubling again almost upon itself between two low bluffs which rose steeply out of the sea. At this point there was 110 beach whatever, the shore being rocky and pre- cipitous ; but somewhat further on the slopes of the land became gentle, and a sandy beach was met with, which, after a walk of some seven or eight miles, brought him out at the spot on which he had originally been landed from the ship, and within full sight of his companions. Chapter XIX.—The Pontoon Raft. Grant’s arrival, which took place just as tea wras being served in the camp, was greeted with great rejoicing by all hands, but especially byio6S THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. Mrs. Grant, who, notwithstanding the assurances of Dr. Henderson, was beginning to feel serious alarm on account of her husband’s prolonged absence. Of course there was much to tell on both sides. The principal item of news from the doctor was that he and Nicholls had between them contrived, during the two days of Grant’s absence, to erect a very roomy and by 110 means uncomfortable shelter for the men of the party; in addition to which the whole of their goods and chattels were now placed in perfect safety so far as the weather was concerned. No adventures of any description had been met with by any of the part}-; a circumstance which was no doubt largely due to the especial care which Dr. Henderson had exercised in keeping them all close to the shore, from a sus- picion he had entertained that the forest depths might not be altogether safe traveling, at least for women and children. Grant’s story of his journey to the wreck, with the vivid description he gave of the fertility and general productiveness of their island home, greatly raised the spirits of the listeners; and the sanguine way in which he spoke of their ability to build the little vessel, caused them already to feel as if their days 011 the island were numbered. The chief point calling for consideration was how they should dispose of themselves in the immediate future. Their position was this: They were then located on the eastern end of the island; the lake and the islet were situated almost iu the center of their domain, or say at a point about six miles distant, as the crow flies, from the point where they then were; whilst the spot where the wreck lay, if measured in the same way, would be about live miles further on. Grant made it so clear to them that the islet was the most fit and proper spot at which to establish their headquarters that that matter might be con- sidered as already definitely settled. But the}' would have to draw all, or nearly all, the materials for the proposed craft from the wreck ; and that wreck would not only have to be broken up, but the timber, etc., would have to be conveyed to the islet before a permanent settlement could be established there. Had the party consisted of men only, there was 110 doubt their best plan would have been to remove in a body to the western end of the island, and to have established themselves temporarily 011 or near the beach close to the wreck whilst it was being broken up ; but it seemed to be rather a hardship that the women and children should have to be removed there—involving a somewhat lengthy and arduous journey—and to go into temporary quarters only to have to return again over a great deal of the same ground after- wards. Grant's idea was that the ladies and children might be safely placed on the islet, and comfortably housed there in the first place ; after which the three men of the party could go over to the wreck and remain there until everything of value was got out of her, he undertaking to visit the islet at least once every day to ascertain that all was going well iu that direction. This proposition, however, met with no favor from the parties chieflyTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1069 interested ; and so it was ultimately resolved that, notwithstanding the incon- venience, the entire party should settle down for the time being on the western side of the island. On the following morning this resolution was put into effect, the little band taking with them nothing but just such arms as were deemed absolutely essential to their safety, and the tinware, knives and forks and other small table conveniences with which Ned’s forethought had supplied them. On this occasion Grant, who of course acted as guide, struck off in a new direction ; as, having made a sketch plan of the island when he was 011 the summit of the mountain, he believed it possible to reach the wreck by a much shorter route than the one he had followed. Keeping somewhat more to the right, or in a more northerly direction than on the first occasion, he brought his companions out upon the banks of the stream at a distance of about two miles below the lake, where the channel was somewhat wider than in any other portion of its course, and where the current was particularly gentle. Here it became necessary to construct a raft of some description for the transport of the party across the stream ; but, as the water was perfectly smooth, anything which would bear their weight and hold together during the passage was considered sufficient, and wdth the aid of their axes such an affair was knocked together in about three hours. The transit was then safely accomplished ; and climbing the steep slope of the ravine through which the stream flowed, they found upon reaching its summit that they had arrived at a spot overlooking the lake, and from which they were enabled to obtain an excellent view both of it and the islet which occupied its center. The ladies were especially delighted at the prospect of finding a home ill so lovely a spot ; whilst Henderson cordially agreed with Grant that it would be difficult to find a safer place and one more suitable in every respect for head- quarters. Pushing 011, they arrived about three o’clock in the afternoon at the base of the mountain ; and here, in a pretty little meadow which lay between two of its projecting spurs, they determined to encamp for the night, the children, although they had been carried for the greater part of the day, being extremely tired, and the ladies scarcely less so. A little hut of branches and palm leaves was constructed as a shelter for the weaker members of the party during the night, the men contenting them- selves with the soft, luxuriant grass for their sleeping place ; and then, whilst Nicholls set to work to build a fire, Grant and Henderson went off in different directions to forage for a supper. The night passed without adventure or alarm of any description, although, as a measure of precaution, the men had deemed it advisable that each should watch for an equal portion of the time ; and 011 the following morning, after an early breakfast, the march was resumed. The gap in the cliffs was reached about two o’clock that afternoon ; and by three the travelers found themselves on the beach at its nearest point to the wreck. The first matter to be attended to now was the erection of shelters of some description. Henderson undertook to cut down a couple of saplings which Grant pointed out as suitable for the purpose ; and whilst he was1070 THE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. engaged upon this task, the engineer, accompanied by Nicholls, went off to the wreck, their object being to procure not only a small quantity of ship’s stores, but also one of the sails, which they intended to utilize in the con- struction of tents. On arriving alongside and making a minute inspection of the wreckage, it was found that the raffle was so complicated that to cut away the sail from its yard as it then lay aud to convey it to the .shore would be a work of very great difficulty ; so after a short consultation together, Grant and Nicholls decided to cut the whole adrift from the wreck and then warp it ashore just as it was. Nicholls accordingly set to work upon this task with his axe ; and whilst he was thus engaged Grant searched for and found the boatswain’s locker, rummaging in which he discovered a small grapnel just suited to his purpose. This he conve5red on deck, and, unreaving as much of the running gear as he could get at, a good long warp was made by bending the whole together end to eild. By the time that his preparations were completed, Nicholls had got the wreckage cut completely adrift from the hull, and the tw o men now pro- ceeded to carefully coil down upon Grant’s raft the whole of the warp ; the grapnel being bent to one end, whilst Nicholls, who was going to remain on the wfeckage, retained possession of the other. Grant then pulled shoreward ; and as soon as the full length of the warp was paid out he dropped the grapnel overboard and then made the best of his way back to the wreckage, which Nicholls had already begun to drag shore- ward by the warp. The progress of the wreckage shoreward was very slow, but it improved somewhat when Grant was able to rejoin his companion. As the warp was hauled in it was carefully coiled down on the wreckage ; and when at last the grapnel came to the surface it and the warp were once more promptly trans- ferred to the raft and a fresh cast was made, by which means they managed in about an hour aud a half to get the spars with all attached so close to the beach that they grounded. It was now a comparatively easy matter to cut it apart and so obtain the sail, which was the first thing they required. The forecourse was selected, as being of considerable dimensions ; and this, when detached from its yard, was dragged up on the beach and spread out to dry. With this sail and rope procured from among the rigging which had come ashore attached to the spars, they were able to construct two capital tents ; and by nightfall the party found themselves snugly housed. The two succeeding days were devoted to the construction of a shed of dimensions sufficient to contain all that they thought would be likely to prove valuable to them among the stores and the cargo of the ship. The structure was twenty four feet long by eighteen feet wide, and eight feet high to the eaves; and it had a regular pitched roof, with gable ends, so that when the rainy season came—as come Grant felt certain it would—the wet might be thrown off, leaving the goods beneath its shelter undamaged The shed completed, their next task was to secure everything which mightTHE MUTINY ON THE FLYING CLOUD. 1071 prove of any possible value to them from the cargo of the wreck. In order to transfer these articles from the hulk to the shore, a raft would be neces- sary; and a raft would also be required to eventually convey those goods round to the islet. The latter transfer would involve the expenditure of an immense amount of labor and time., unless the wind or some other motive power could be pressed into their service; and Grant had already learned during the course of his professional experience that when any important work had to be performed it was better and more economical in every way to provide efficient “ plant ” in the first instance. Now the construction of the vessel which he had in contemplation, was a simple and easy enough matter to a shipwright, with all the usual appliances at his disposal, but was really an important and formidable task to a people situated as these were; and therefore, when talking the matter over together, they had, influenced by Grant’s arguments, resolved to devote the time and labor required to construct such aids as he seemed to think would be necessary and desirable. To convey from where they then were round to the islet all that they would require for the construction of their vessel would, with an ordinary raft propelled by oars alone, involve a vast amount of labor and time, and it was ultimately dee ded that it W’ould be more expeditious in the long run if a raft could be constructed of such a character that she could be moved in any required direction by sails. After a little thinking, Grant came to the conclusion that it would be pos- sible to construct such a raft, and he set to work to plan it. The structure, as decided upon by him, consisted of two flat bottomed, straight sided pontoons, each twenty four feet long by six feet wide, and six feet deep, their ends being curved up from the bottom until they met the deck in a sharp, chisel like form. These pontoons were built with their fore and aft centerlines parallel, and were constructed on separate pairs of ways, the whole of the materials being obtained from the wreckage already strewn along the beach, and such por- tions of the deck planking of the wreck as could be removed without exposing the cargo to the risk of damage by sea or rain. The bottom planking was laid athwartships, and four of the planks at equal distances from each other were carried right through from pontoon to pontoon—the pontoons being built with a space of six feet clear between them—thus securely connecting the two together. They were decked all over, the deck planking for a length of twelve feet in the middle portion being also carried right across from one to the other. The two pontoens were thus securely fastened together above and below, the result being that the entire structure formed a good, substantially built raft, having in its center portion a platform or deck measuring twelve feet fore and aft, and eighteen feet athwartships. The craft—if one may dignify the structure with such a name—was rigged with one mast, situated exactly in the center, and well supported by shrouds on each side, and she was provided with a lateen or three cornered sail bent1072 THE LAST MAN AT GOLDBRICK. to a very long yard composed of a number of bamboos fished together. The yard was hung in its center, an arrangement by which Grant hoped to succeed in making his raft sail with either end foremost with equal facility, his idea being to work the craft precisely upon the same principle as that adopted by the Lad roue Islanders in the working of their flying proas. This raft, though of such liberal dimensions, was very easy and simple to build, as there was no shaping of timbers and no elaborate workmanship of any kind required, the only matter involving any considerable degree of care being that the two pontoons should be watertight and this, of course, was very easily managed. But, simple as the work was, it was fully a month before the raft was ready for service, though when they at length got her afloat and tried her, the result was satisfactory7—far beyond their most sanguine expectations. Harry Collingwood. (to be continued. ) THE LAST MAN AT GOLDBRICK. An episode in a cardboard city’s exploded boom—The desperate expedient to which Sam Creever resorted to maintain a well intentioned lie. T N a top story room of Creever’s Hotel, at Goldbrick, Winthrop Rollston lay tossing in a fever that was at times a delirium. His aristocratic name was all that was left of the once perfectly groomed son and heir of one of Boston’s first families. The cheeks, which had wasted away pitiably, were covered with a stubbly growth of beard, the eyes that had been wont to flash fire on such short provocation were now listless, almost glassy ; the hands, formerly so perfectly manicured, almost showed the bare bones at every joint, while the nails had long been neglected. And Rollston himself, he was sadly neglected, too. At first, when he had fallen ill, the men had formed the habit of going to his room regularly to inquire how he was, to ask if they could sit with him, or do him some other kindness. But his illness had continued so long that most of those who knew him best had left, gone off to Hope Gulch, where a better paying streak had been struck. Nobody expected anything of Rollston but that he would die. That he was so long about this was a source of only partially concealed disgust to Mr. Sam Creever, the proprietor of the hotel. “ I would move out of here if it wasn’t for him,” Creever told himself. It was a fact that but for Rollston’s sake there did not seem much use in the landlord’s remaining iu the town which he had .struck on the rise of its short lived boom. His boarders were leaving for Hope Gulch as fast as they could get their traps together. No new ones arrived to take their places. The outlook was ominous. Even the Chinese cook had caught the fever and “ given warning.” Mr. Creever drew in a long breath when he received the announcement, thrust his hands deep into his trousers pockets and marched up to the top floor to take a look at his patient.THE LAST MAN AT GOLDBRICK. 1073 “ There’ll only be two of us to starve instead of one, if I stay,” he told himself. “ Maybe: I can move him.” Creever was something of a doctor—he had been pretty much of every- thing in his time, and he wasn’t an old man yet. He entered the stifling hot room and one look at the man on the bed convinced him that it would be death to take him away. “ And it’s death for him to stay here,” he muttered, mopping the mois- ture from his brow. ‘ ‘ But when will it come ? ’ ’ He stepped over to the bed, and, taking up one of the wasted hands, counted the pulse. “ Only a little while,” he wdiispered. “ I guess I’ll wait. I’ll feel easier then.” The Chinaman departed. So did the rest of the boarders. So did every- body in Goldbrick, excepting Sam Creever and the sick man. The town speedily took 011 that aspect of decay which follows so swiftly in the wake of neglect. Creever hated to go about the deserted streets. He preferred to stay by Rollston. He at least was living, if he was only doing so in a whisper, as it were:. Atid the prevailing sentiment in Creever’s mind was astonishment at him- self for what he was doing. He had never supposed himself to have a tender heart. He remembered distinctly calling down anathemas on his luck when that friendless, good for nothing Rollston fell ill on his hands. When he recalled this, something like a blush appeared on his weather beaten visage. “ I’ve turned softy,” he muttered, and going down stairs he gathered a few things together and started out along the trail that led to Hope Gulch. But he had not gone a mile before he halted and then flung himself im- patiently on the grass. “ It’s no use,’ he exclaimed. “ I can hear him calling me back every step I take. I didn’t know I was such a tenderfoot.” He returned to the hotel. “ I hope he’s dead,” lie groaned out between his teeth as he ascended to the top floor. He smiled grimly. It seemed to him as if he could feel an increased respect for himself after having given utterance to this wish. But Rollston wasn’t dead. He even seemed brighter than usual. “Hello, Creever,” he said, as Sam entered, “that you? How are the boys ? ’ ’ “ All 0. K.,” Creever answered promptly. He shivered as he thought of the possibility of the sick man discovering that he—Creever—had stayed behind for his sake. “ Oh, they’re £.11 lively,” he went 011. “So lively that I keep ’em out of here. Too much (excitement for you, you know, Roily. How do you feel? ” “ I’ve been out of my head, haven’t I ? ” was the answer. “ Can’t tell you that, Roily. You see you haven’t talked much of any, so I couldn’t tell whether you was in or out of your head. But you’re pearter today than I’ve seen you in some time. ’ ’ (h)1074 THE LAST MAN AT GOLDBRICK. “Yes, I feel better for a fact, Creever. Guess I’ll be able to be around before long. Pretty near time, too. Must be owing you quite a snug sum. A week or two, isn’t it ? ” It was eiglit weeks since Rollston had taken to his bed. Creever was thankful there was no one to contradict him when he shamelessly answered : “Yes, something like ten days, Roily. But I expect a big party in tonight. I must go down and get ready for them.” “ Ask some of the boys to come up and see me after supper, won’t j-ou, Creever? I feel just like being livened up a bit.” “All right, Roily. They’re the ones to get life out of.” And Creever hastened off, wondering how he could explain the non-appearance of “the boys.” While he was taking his solitary meal an idea occurred to him. He waited until it grew dark and then went up to the room adjoining Rollston’s. He stood still in the center of it for a minute, his head bent in deep thought. Then he began to sing. That is, he meant it for singing. But his voice was hoarse and then— well, he had no singing voice and never had. He could not remember the words either. He started in on a drinking song he remembered having heard two or three times in a saloon in Denver. But when he had repeated the first three lines he found he could not recall the fourth. However, he did not allow this to disconcert him. He simply run in another line—anything with which his memory would supply him. Sometimes it was ‘ ‘ On Linden when the sun was low—” an echo wafted clear on from his schooldays. At others it would be “I’m called Little Buttercup,” or “ When I first put this uni- form on,” and other excerpts from catchy operas of his day. It mattered not to Creever what their source or the sense they made. All he wanted was noise. Now and then he interrupted himself for an instant to give a wild shout. Sometimes he danced up and down on the shaky floor till the rafters threatened to leave their supports. He picked up a chair and flung it across the room. He did the same with an empty wine bottle he had brought with him and smiled when he heard the crash it made against the window frame. Then he sank down exhausted on a bench near the door. “There,” he muttered, “ Roily ought to know the boys are having too lively a time of it to come in and pay him a visit tonight. ’ ’ The next morning when he went up with the patient’s breakfast he began right away: “I’m sorry, Roily, but the boys met some old chums from ’Frisco here last night. They had to celebrate, you know, so it would have been a little to npisy to have had ’em here. I s’pose you heard ’em ? ” “Yes,” answered Rollston weakly. “I heard them, and they were having such a jolly time, I thought I must have one look at them. You know I was feeling pretty fair yesterday, Creever, so I dragged myself out of bed and went and peeked in the door.” “You peeked in the door? ” Sam Creever fairly roared out the words in his astonishment and consternation. “ Yes. I suppose it was imprudent, but I couldn’t stand it. It isn’t very far and I crept along the hall like a baby. Tom Potts was singing his songTHE MIDDLE PATH. 1075 when I got there. I couldn’t help joining in the chorus. But nobody heard me and I was just peeping around the door jamb, so they didn’t see me either. But why didn’t you tell me Harry Jarvis was back? If he hadn’t been too drunk to see last night I’d tried to get to him. But it was too—much for— me. I’m awfully weak this morning.” Rollston ceased and lay looking up at Creever, whose eyes were by this time fairly starting from their sockets. He was almost beside himself with terror. Was he the one that was out of his head? Had the boys really come back and made things lively last night ? He clutched at the bedpost for support. Or could it be possible that Rollston had seen through his scheme and wanted to make him believe that it had been thoroughly successful? But no, the fellow was speaking sincerely. To look at him w7as enough to convince one of that. He was trying to say something more now7, but he had not strength enough to speak out. Creever stepped forward and leaned over him. “ Tell them—tell the boys,” the sick man said, “ to come in here and have their carouse tonight. I shan’t mind the noise and they needn’t mind me. I’m too weak to drag myself to the next room again. You’ll promise me to do that, w^cn’t you, Creever? ” ‘ ‘ Yes, yes ; you want to eat some of these here crackers an’ go to sleep now. You lost too much rest last night. I’ll tell the boys what you say.” When Creever got down stairs again he stood on the porch and scratched his head in perplexity. “ It beats me out. It’s kind o’ spookish, too. But what am I goin’ to do about tonight ? ” But he need not have worried. When he went up at noon with almost the last scrap of provisions in the house, he found that his patient would not know whether the boys accepted his invitation for that night or not. Creever, as may have been gathered from the foregoing, was not an emotional man, but as he stood looking down at the still, white face, “ I’m so glad I stayed,’ he whispered to himself. He dug the grave as soon as the sun was down and started for Hope Gulch the first thing in the morning. But he hasn’t decided to this day whether Rollston or himself w7as out of his head that night. Matthew White, Jr. THE MIDDLE PATH. He that holds fast the golden mean, And lives contentedly between The little and the great, Feels not the wants that pinch the poor, Nor plagues that haunt the rich man’s door, Embittering all his state. Cowpet.THE MAJOR'S PLOT.* A tale of intrigue and mystery, involving the Penrose family in a network of crime and bringing more than one life into jeopardy Perilous experiences in the Indian cavern and a night’s Journey which ends in a terrible immurement—rA boldly conceivcd conspiracy which stops at no expedients and hazards all risks. SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED. Dick Penrose lives with his grandfather on the squire’s extensive farm in Lewisberry, a country town near Harrisburg. Dick’s mother is dead, and his father went abroad some fifteen years before, and has not been heard of since till one day he comes back, like one risen from the dead, in the shape of Major Horace Penrose, who accounts for his prolonged absence and silence by telling a fearful story of captivity among the Moors. The night of his return a fire breaks out in a store in the village and Dick rescues an English- man who had obtained lodging there for the night. This fellow, whose name is Henry Ford, strangely enough is recognized by the major as a valet whom he had brought from London with him, and from whom he became separated in New York. He is taken to the farm, where he and his master have many secret interviews. In course of time the squire’s health fails mysteriously, and Dr. Galen, the family physician, at last thinks he discovers evidence of vegetable poisoning being used. He sutpects Ford, and one night sets Dick to watch what goes on in the sick room. Dick conceals himself in a large clothes press and is horrified to see his father enter the room, take a phial from his pocket and pour some fluid into the squire’s medicine before handing it to him. Hoping that there has been some mistake, the boy determines to hurry off to Dr. Galen at once for an explanation. But in his excitement, he leaves the doors of the wardrobe open, the major learns that he has been watched, and Dick is captured and dosed with chloroform before he can get off the grounds. The major proposes sinking Dick in the pond at once, but Ford—who has been roused—in- sists that the boy shall not be harmed. He suggests that he be allowed to take him to the house of a certain Dr. Clinch, near New York, and to this the major finally consents. Ford gets his charge to Harrisburg and into the sleeping car of the midnight train, but just as they are about to start he sees something out of the window that fills him with horrified dismay. This is nothing more nor less than Dock Dawson, a trampish character -whom Ford has encountered in Harrisburg aud who knows more about the major than the latter cares to have spread abroad. But it is only a passing glimpse, and Ford hopes that he has been mistaken. Still under the influence of chloroform, Dick is taken on his long journey, and when he comes to, finds himself in a private insane asylum. The second night he manages to escape by the roof, and goes down the fire escape to the second floor. Then, hearing some one passing on the gravel walk below, he steps into the corridor, where he is accosted by one of the patients. Chapter XXX.—In which Nellie Consults the Doctor. W HEN Dr. Galen arrived at the farmhouse, fresh news was awaiting him. Miller and Jackson had just returned from Harrisburg. They had found the squire’s horse at the livery stable, and the ticket seller at the sta- tion had supplied the missing clue. He remembered selling two tickets to New York, he said, to a man who answered Ford’s description. They had taken a sleeper on the early train. *This story began in the November, 1896, issue of The Argosy. The five back numbers will be mailed to any address on receipt of 50 cents.THE MATOR’S PLOT. 1077 “ Now,” said Major Penrose—they were standing in the hall outside the squire’s room—“ shall I send a detective to New York at once, doctor? The boy may be saved yet—unless they have taken passage on some vessel by this time.” “ Make the attempt, by all means,” returned the doctor. “ Save Dick if you can.” “Very well,” replied the major, “ I will go to Harrisburg at once. I fear you will find father somewhat worse. The shock has completely broken him down. I will return as soon as possible, of course.” He hurried br skly down the stairway, and the doctor entered the squire’s room. Old Pompey was in. attendance, and the patient was tying back among the pillows, with glassy eyes, and a hectic flush on his cavernous cheeks. The doctor shook his head ominously. “ Slightly delirious,” he said to himself; “ completely prostrated. It’s a bad case, very bad. If that scoundrel Ford has really been poisoning him, I had better start in to counteract the effects of the drug. This recent shock is what I have to fear the most. I’m afraid I can’t find an antidote for that." “ Is ole mas’r gwTiue ter git well? ” asked Pompey anxiously7. ‘ ‘ I hope so, Pompey. He needs the very best of care, though. Perhaps you had better stay here if you can be spared down stairs. ’ ’ “’Deed an’ I kin, then. I’ll watch him day an’ night, doctor. Jess you tell me wliat ter do, an’ I’ll do it, shuah.” “ Oh, you need not do anything in particular except give him his medi- cine, as directed. Betsy will help you out on the rest. The major will re- turn either tonight or tomorrow morning, and I will drop in every hour or so. The doctor added a few directions about medicine, and then went home to his supper. In spite of his cheering words to Pompey, he had very little hope for the squire’s recovery. His situation had been critical before; Dick’s base conduct and ingratitude would prove the last straw. At ten o’clock the doctor returned to the farmhouse. The sick man’s condition was unchanged. The doctor remained at the bedside until mid- night. Then wheels were heard outside, and presently the major entered. “ I have arranged everything,” he said, as he flung off his furs. “ Full instructions have been telegraphed to New York, and if Dick and that rascally valet of mine are still in the city, they7 will be arrested before morning. You need not be surprised to see Dick by this time tomorrow night.” “God grant that your prediction come true,” said the doctor solemnly. “ His return may save your father’s life. Nothing else can.” “ What ! Is he so bad as that? ” exclaimed the major huskily. He glanced at the bed, and then turned abruptly to the window, wiping the tears from his eyes. “ Ah,” thought the doctor, “ how I have misjudged that man ! ” The major remained at the window, gazing through the curtains at the black night, and presently the doctor w'ent silently7 away, and whispered a few injunctions to Pompey, who had followed him into the hall. Late as it was, Dr. Galen’s troubled mind prevented him from sleeping,1078 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. and lie tossed restlessly on his bed until nearly daylight, when in desperation he swallowed a morphine pill. This had a speedy effect, and it was very nearly dinner time when he awoke. Several patients were waiting in the office. These he attended to as soon as he was dressed, and then, after a light breakfast, he hurried off to the farmhouse. The squire’s condition was pretty’- much the same. His mind wandered, and he talked incessantly about Dick. People were coming constantly from the village. The whole neighbor- hood was in a state of wild excitement, for in some unaccountable manner the tale of the robbery and of Dick’s flight had been spread far and wide. Walter Maynard and Jack Douglass were at the gate when the doctor came out, and they accosted him eagerly. “ I’m afraid it’s only too true,” replied the doctor to their inquiries; “the evidence is strong, very strong. ’ ’ “I’ll never believe it,” cried Walter indignantly, “ never in the world. And I am surprised at you, doctor, who have known Dick even longer than we have. The man that says Dick Penrose would deliberately rob his grand- father and run away with such a vulgar, ignorant fellow as that man Ford, lies. That is all I’ve got to say about it.” “And I say the same,” exclaimed Jack. “I’ll never believe it until Dick confesses it with his own lips. ’ ’ ‘1 My brave boys, ’ ’ cried the doctor, clasping both their lia::ids, ‘ ‘ you have given me fresh hope, fresh courage, and I hope that Dick’s .innocence, may yet be proved. I am glad that he has two such noble friends left. May he prove worty of y^our confidence and loyalty. ’ ’ The doctor walked homeward greatly cheered by this incident. He did not see his way clear, it is true, to believe fully in Dick’s innocence, but 011 the other hand his convictions had been greatly weakened. During the next twenty four hours Squire Penrose became slightly better mentally, but he was constantly growing w-eaker and the doctor unhesi- tatingly asserted that nothing short of a miracle would cause him to rally. A dark shadow now rested on the farmhouse. All work was suspended, the shutters were closed in the lower part of the house, and those who called to inquire after the good old man who was so much loved and respected in the neighborhood were met at the door by Betsy, who spoke with difficulty and begged them to make 110 noise when walking off the porch. At noon of the second day after Dick’s flight the major returned from Harrisburg with strange and sad news. The New York police confessed themselves at fault. The two fugitives had been tracked to Jersey Cit}r. There all trace of them had been lost. In all probability Henry Ford and Dick Penrose were many miles out at sea. What slight evidence there was seemed to show that Dick: was acting of his own free will. “The boy is a scoundrel,” said the major. “ He has killed his grand- father. ” And the doctor nodded a willing assent. His slight hope of Dick’s innocence had vanished before his last overwhelming discover)'.THE MAJOR’S PLOT. 1079 Two days passed 011 and Dr. Galen’s treatment reduced the squire’s fever to a minimum. He had many lucid intervals in which he recognized those about him. Strange to say he spoke but little of Dick. His thoughts seemed to be centered more upon his son Horace, and the major remained constantly at the bedside. But now what the doctor had foreseen came to pass. The squire was as weak and helpless as an infant. It was impossible that he could gain in strength, for some mental depression was weighing heavily upon his spirits aud made recovery absolutely hopeless. His death was only a question of days—and very few days at that. It wTas on the fourth evening of Dick’s absence. Dr. Galen had just finished his supper aud was vainly trying to interest himself in the columns of a recent newspaper, when a slight knock was heard at the door. “ Come in,” said the doctor loudly, and the door opened to admit Miss Nellie Maynard, her pretty face and slender form enveloped in a long, glistening gossamer, for it was raining outside. This she flung petulantly upon a chair, and drawing a paper from an inner pocket she handed it to the doctor, who had risen to his feet at her approach and was standing by the table. “Dr. Galen,” she said, with a touch of excitement in her voice, “you can read French fluently, can you not? I do wish you would translate that paragraph for me. It’s a paper that I found in our front yard nearly a month ago—how it came; there I have not the slightest idea—and I put it away until I was able to read it—you know I have been taking French lessons lately. This afternoon I happened to pick it up quite by accident and the first thing I saw was the name Penrose on the front page. I got out my lexicon and managed to read the whole paragraph, and it was all so awfully strange that I	thought I would run up and ask your opinion. Perhaps I did not translate it correctly.” Miss Nellie pointed out the paragraph in question with a slender, pink nailed finger and then sank breathlessly into a chair opposite the doctor, who was regarding her half in amazement, half in alarm. He sat down by the lamp, however, and held the paper close to his eyes. “ Z,<? Bulletin Militaire,” he muttered in a tone of great surprise, “pub- lished in Paris and dated nearly two months ago ? How on earth did this come to Lewisberry ? Ah, here is the paragraph. You are right, Miss Nellie; the name Penrose is there. It must concern our friend, the major. You know he served in Algeria. In fact he probably lost the paper in some way. No doubt he gets it regularly. But wait a moment, I will read the article aloud. “Algeria. Sept. 3, 1890. “A military cornier just arrived here from Metilla, a seaport of Morocco, brings strange news concerning Major Horace Penrose, a brave American who was formerly attached to the Ninth Chasseurs but has been in captivity among the Moors for the past half dozen years and had been given up for lost. The courier declares that Major Penrose has just arrived at the coast, terribly enfeebled by disease and privation while in captivity. This, if it prove true, will be good news to his old comrades in arms.” The doctor read to the last word with unfaltering voice.io8o THE MAJOR’S PLOT. “ Great Caesar ! ” he ejaculated. “ What can this mean? Major Penrose was in America before the date of this despatch.” “ So I thought,” said Nellie eagerly, “and that is why I came to you with the paper. Can you explain it? ” “ No,” replied the doctor, “ I can’t. That paragraph eit .ier means noth- ing at all, or it means something too stupendous to realize all at once.” Chapter XXXI.—In which Success is Just in Sight. Dick realized at once that the man glaring through the bars was a genuine lunatic. It was a very critical position, and he felt that his chances for escaping from the building were very small. The attendants must be some- where close at hand, and the sound of voices would surely bring them to the spot. “Is that you, George Washington ? ” exclaimed the man in a louder whisper than before. Dick turned to the grating—his mind resolved on a suddenly formed reso- lution. “Yes,” he whispered softly, “I am General Washington. Who are you?” “ Why, I’m John Andre,” replied the man. “ Don’t you know me, gen- eral ? They’re going to hang me in the morning unless you get me away. Did 3'ou come to save me? ” Hush ! not so loud,” said Dick. “ I will do what I can for you if you obey my directions. Go back into the room now and-” The words faded away on Dick’s lips, and he turned his head quickly toward the end of the corridor. Some one was coming up the stairway. The footsteps were plain and unmistakable. In a moment more the intruder would reach the corridor, and as Dick paused, not knowing which way to flee, his eye caught a gleam of brass in the keyhole of the maniac’s door. The jailor had forgotten the key. With a quick movement Dick turned it in the lock, and glided into the dark room, closing the door softly behind him. “ Don’t make a sound,” he whispered to his strange companion, “ or we are lost. They will hang us both. ’ ’ The lunatic made no reply, but continued to press his face against the grating. The footsteps without came closer, and in a few seconds Jason passed the door and continued up the corridor in the direction of the fire escape. A tremor of fear passed over Dick as he realized the position in which he had voluntarily placed himself—alone with a lunatic who was evidently7 of a dangerous nature, judging from the grated hole in his room door. The man turned round presently an4 laid his hand heavily on Dick’s arm. 11	Take me away, quick ! ” he said eagerly. “ Don’t let them hang me. They say I am a British spy. Have you seen Benedict Arnold, general ?” “ Sit down on the bed, John Andre,” said Dick, assuming a strange man- ner. “ I can do nothing for you unless you do exactly as I say7. I cannotTH2 MAJOR’S PLOT. io8t take you away now. The guards are watching outside. Presently, when the coast is clear, I will slip away and come back with a disguise which will enable you to pass undetected under the very noses of the guards.” The man pressed Dick’s hand warmly. “All right, general,” he whispered. “I will leave everything to you. You will come back soon, won’t you ? ” Then, as Dick assented, he walked obediently to the bed and sat down. That instant the footsteps were heard again, and Jason passed the door on his way back to the staircase. Dick waited until all was quiet, and then opening the door noiselessly he crept up the corridor. The coast was entirely clear. He turned the key as carefully as possible, but the slight click brought the lunatic to the grating again. “Go back,” whispered Dick, “and remember what I told you. You shall not be hanged.” To his surprise and relief the man obeyed without a suspicion, and leaving the unfortunate Major Andre’s cell Dick tiptoed up the hall. He rounded the angle in safety and soon reached the door opening on the fire escape. It had been slightly closed—no doubt by Jason. It required but a short time to open it, and creeping out on the little iron platform, Dick drew the door tightly shut again. His situation was now somewhat improved since the door was closed. No-light shone on the fire escape from the corridor, and he was in no danger of detection as long as he remained on his perch. He had about made up his mind to go down and take the chances when a shadowy form rounded the angle of the house and tramped along the gravel walk directly under the fire escape. Crunch ! crunch ! went the footsteps on the pebbles, and then the man vanished as mysteriously as he had come. Dick’s opportunity had arrived. Quickly and noiselessly he went down the ladder. With a thrill of exultation he found the solid earth under his feet again. The last rung of the ladder rattled in his grasp. Almost uncon- sciously he gave it a strong jerk and it tore loose from its fastenings. He was going to throw it away, but on second thought he concluded to keep it. He struck hastily across the lawn, and the patches of shrubbery that grew thickly here and there gave him a sense of protection. He could easily elude the watchman in such a place. Presently he reached the iron fence— the only barrier between himself and freedom. It was very high and very strong, with sharp, jagged points, and no apparent method of scaling. “ This won’t do,” thought Dick. “ I must find a gate.” He moved cautiously forward and soon turned the southwest corner of the yard. He remembered that the watchman must be somewhere in the vicinity, and redoubled his caution. He had now reached the main front of the house, to judge from the numerous lighted windows. L,uckily the shrubbery was so thick that the ray^of light were intercepted before they could reach the place. He crept a few yards farther and then paused. A break in the bushes revealed a broad gravel walk bathed in a flood of yellow light. This ter- minated at a gate with two huge iron pillars and half a dozen cross bars.1082 THE MAJOR’S PLOT. The fence could readily be scaled at this point, Dick felt sure, but it would be a terribly risky undertaking in the vivid light. It was his only chance for freedom, however, and he concluded, before making the attempt, to discover the wThereabouts of the watchman. He lingered a moment behind a clump of bushes, hoping to see the man he wanted pass the spot on his regular round of inspection. All remained quiet, and he was about starting away in the direction of the house when the angry bark of a dog was heard a short distance off. Dick had barely time to grasp his iron club firmly when a huge yellow hound sprang from the bushes. He struck the animal a heavy tap on the head, and then sprang aside, just missing the open jaws. The brute howled with pain, but renewed the attack valiantly. Dick managed to keep him off with repeated blows of his weapon. He had lost all hope of escape now, and was intent only on saving himself from personal injury. He heard a strange sound behind him, but dared not look around. Then something fell heavily on the gravel walk, the bushes shook violently, and a man sprang to Dick’s side brandishing a heavy club. “ Get out on the road,” cried the stranger, and as the dog leaped forward with a fierce snarl he stretched him lifeless on the ground with a blow of the heavy club. Dick witnessed this strange scene with the utmost amazement. Scarcely had the hound been disabled when footsteps were heard tearing over the gravel. The .stranger pushed Dick into the bushes and crouched low by his side. That moment the watchman reached the spot, a lantern in one hand, a revolver in the other. He bent partly over the dog, astonish- ment and fear written in every line of his face. Like a flash Dick’s strange rescuer sprang up, and reaching the watchman at a single leap he bore him heavily to earth. The lantern rolled over on the ground and went out. The w7atchman attempted to cry out, but his own revolver was pressed against his forehead, and he speedily altered his mind. “ Not a sound,” whispered his assailant, “ not a sound for your life.” A few seconds passed in silence, during which Dick could feel his heart thumping against his ribs. Then the stranger flung him a huge key fastened on a brass ring. “ Open the gate, quick,” he exclaimed hoarsely. “ Then put the key in the lock from the outside. When you are ready, whistle. Don’t lose a second. ’ ’ Delighted at the prospect of escape Dick plunged through the shrubbery and gained the gravel walk. A glance at the house showed him figures moving at the lower windows. He could hear distant shouts, too. The mas- sive gate was just before him. With a trembling hand he inserted the key in the lock. Chapter XXXII.—In which the Metropolis Breaks Upon Dick’s Vision. The key turned harshly, and the gate creaked slowly inward, revealing dimly the dusty road outside. Dick tore loose the key aud thrust it into theTHE MAfOR’S PLOT. 1083 other side of the lock. Then he darted quickly through and puckered his lips to whistle. Horrors ; not a sound could he make. “ All right,” lie cried loudly, “ come on.” At that moment the door of the house was flung open. Three or four men appeared 011 the threshold, and among them Dick recognized the doctor and Jason. His heart beat violently and he was strongly tempted to take to his heels without waiting for his new found friend. Then the stranger came dashing to the spot, turning once or twice to point his revolver into the shrubbery. He was seen instantly from the house, and with angry shouts the pursuers clattered down the path, headed by Jason. “ Keep back,” shouted the stranger. “ Keep back ! ” and he waved his revolver menacingly as he darted through the gate and into the road. He jerked the gate shut with a heavy clang, and turned the key in the very faces of his pursuers. “ Now cut and run for it, my lad,” he shouted to Dick, and away they went together in t he darkness, followed by a couple of random shots and a torrent of abuse from Dr. Clinch and his outwitted attendants. On and on they ran, guided iu their course by the double row of trees lining the road. At length a fence barred the way, and here the stranger made a brief halt. “ They are coming,” he exclaimed, and looking back along the road Dick saw a couple of lanterns flashing. Then came a more ominous sound—-the tramp of hoofs. The stranger vaulted over the fence and dragged Dick after him. “Don’t be afraid,” he muttered. “ They won’t ketch us. Stick close to me, lad, and don’t be afraid. Hold on ! I have a better plan, though.” He seized Dick’s hand and started on a rapid run across the field. A dark mass was before them, and presently they entered a piece of thick wood- land. Dick’s strange companion led on without slackening his pace, and for more than an hour they traveled across country over meadow and forest, past sleeping hamlets and snug farmhouses. At last the man stopped with a sigh of relief. “ I guess we’ve thrown them off the track this time,” he muttered, as he wiped the perspiration from his face. “ An’ now to find out where we are.” Dick made no reply. He was intensely curious to know who his strange rescuer could be, but he concluded that it would be better to leave the revela- tion of the mystery to the stranger himself. They had halted in a little wooded hollow, and starting off again they reached a point where two roads crossed. Nailed against a tree a guide post was visible. Dick s companion walked to the spot and held a lighted match over his head. This brought out the letters plainly, and Dick was amazed to read : NEW YORK 5 MILES. “ Well, I declare,” he exclaimed in a great wonder ; “ is it possible that I am near New York? How I used to long to see that city.”1084 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. “ You’ll see it soon now,” said the stranger, “ pervided that rascal don’t overhaul us on the way. Didn’t you liave any idea where you was? ” “ Not a bit of it,” said Dick. “ I knew the asylum must be near some large city, but I didn’t think I was that far away from home. It’s lucky you were right outside when the dog attacked me. You saved me from recapture, and I owe you a great deal more than you think. ’ ’ The man laughed softly. “ Do you think I don’t know you, Dick Penrose? Why, I’ve been watchin’ around that asylum fur three days tryin’ to think up some way to get you out. I know who put you there, too; a man who calls himself Henry Ford, though that ain’t no more his name than mine is General Grant. There is another fellow back of it all—what calls himself Horace Pen- rose-’ ’ “ Yes, that’s my father,” interrupted Dick. “ I knew he had a hand in it.” “Your father!” echoed the man. “ Major Penrose calls himself your father, does he ? ” and he laughed aloud. “But who are you?” exclaimed Dick excitedly. “ How do you know all this and why do you come to my rescue? ” For answer the stranger took a match from his pocket, lit it on a fence rail, and then held it close to his face. Dick took one long look and staggered back into the road, white as a sheet. ‘ ‘ The man that was drowned,” he gasped. ‘‘ You are the fellow we pulled from the creek at Rich Hill.” “ Right you are, my boy ; I owe you one on that,” and he clasped Dick’s hand warmly. “My name is Dock Dawson, ’ ’ he continued, ‘ ‘ and I am pretty well acquainted with things around Lewisberry. Just by chance I got onto this little racket and followed you an’ Ford clear from Harrisburg. He had you chuck full of chloroform, so I don’t suppose you recollect anything about the journey.” “ No,” said Dick, “ I can recall very little. It is all pretty much a blank to me from the time I left home until I found myself locked up in a room in a strange house.” “ Hold on,” said Dawson ; “this ain’t a very good place to talk—right on a public road. Over yonder in the field stands a clump of trees. We’ll go there an’ sit down. You can trust me fully, my boy, an’ I want yer to tell me everything you kin think of—all about Ford and Major Penrose. ’ ’ “I had better tell him everything,” Dick reflected, as he climbed the fence and walked over to the trees. Here a fallen log afforded a good seat, and they felt as safe from pursuit as though Dr. Clinch and his asylum were hundreds of miles away. After a short interval of silence, during which he was puzzled to know where to start his tale, Dick commenced at the very beginning, with his father’s return from Algeria. Slowly and plainly he related the rescue of Ford from the burning building, his own adventure in the cavern (at which Daw'son became visibly excited), his grandfather’s strange illness, and finallyTHE MAJOR’S PLOT. 1085 the suspicions communicated by Dr. Galen, the vigil in the sick room, the awful discovery, and the assault on the road to Lewisberry. Dawson listened to every word with rapt attention, but to Dick’s surprise he refused to express an opinion. “There’s a big game behind all this,” he said mysteriously; “it will come out in good time. I think I see my way pretty clear. It will be a big surprise fur you, my lad.” Dick put several leading questions to him, but received no satisfactory answer. “At least tell me how you happened to fall into the Yellowbreeches at Rich Hill, and why you disappeared so strangely in the night? ” he added persistently. “ No time ter go into that now,” said Dawson. “ The first thing is to get back to Harrisburg. Squire Penrose is in great danger.” “ You are right,” exclaimed Dick, “ we must lose no time. But how can we get there ? Have you any money ? ’ ’ Dawson shook his head ruefully. “ A dollar or two, that is all..’.’ “ I have it,” said Dick, brightening up. “When we reach New York I can get money from home by telegraph.” “ That won’t do,” said Dawson. “ Major Horace Penrose w?ould get the message, and then-” Dawson puckered his lips and gave vent to a long, expressive whistle. “ No,” he added, “ I think I can borrow enough cash from a pal in New York to buy our tickets to Harrisburg. If that fails we can ride home on a freight, or rnebbe you can telegraph to some one else. ” ' “ Yes, I can,” said Dick, “ Dr. Galen is the very man. I was stupid not to think of him before.” “ We can decide that point again,” said Dawson ; “ The contract ou hand now is to reach New York as soon as possible. It can’t be much more than midnight now. We can make it in two or three hours. You’re good for half a dozen miles, ain’t you? ” “ Good for a dozen times that,” rejoined Dick sturdily. “ Put in your best paces, and don’t be afraid that I'll fall behind.” “I don’t know about that, youngster,’’ chuckled Dawson; “you see trampin’ is right in my line.” “ Why, are you a professional walker? ” asked Dick innocently. Dawson laughed heartily and started away on a brisk trot without making any reply. Dick followed with equal celerity, and for more than a mile they jogged along the winding countrj^ road in silence. Farmhouses were passed very frequently, and watchdogs came barking to the gates, but they met no other travelers on foot or by carriage. “ It was a good idea of mine to strike back into the country,” said Dawson. “I’ll bet Dr. Clinch went straight to the railroad, thinkin’ we’d try to board some train.” “ Is that the man’s name? ” asked Dick. “ I’ll remember it,” he added to himself.joS6 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. They trudged on for several hours, but the electric brightness of the sky seemed to come no closer. “It’s them confounded guide posts,” said Dawson angrily. “Five miles means ten out in the country. We’re sure to get there some time, though.” When dawn came they were still far up town, and just as a neighboring clock struck eight they crossed the Harlem River at One Hundred and Thirtieth Street. Chapter XXXIII.—In which Dawson Identifies the: Wrong Man, who Turns Out to be the Right One After All. When Dick had feasted his eyes on the busy life that surges through the streets of upper Harlem, Dawson led him to the steps of the Elevated station. Before he could sufficiently express his surprise he was whisked upstairs, where his companion purchased two tickets, and a moment later Dick was looking up long vistas of streets, as the train rattled down Third Avenue. That morning’s ride he never forgot. Calais was not more deeply graven upon the heart of England’s queen. Scores of streets flew by with amazing rapidity, and then came the more compact portion of the city—the sea of spires, towers and roofs ; the paved streets jammed with drays, carts and cabs ; the sidewalks tenanted with jostling crowds, the endless succession of stores that lined the busy avenue, and stranger still, perhaps, the hasty glimpses of home life seen through third story windows as the train flew by —haggard faced people eating, sleeping, dressing, or staring through the grimy panes. Dawson, to whom all this was commonplace enough, stared moodily at the floor of the car. “ Fourteenth Street ! ” cried the brakemau glibly, and the train drew up with a jerk. Dawson raised his head and looked carelessly through the window. That instant another train, headed up town, stopped on the opposite track. A swarm of passengers hurried off the platforms, and as many fresh ones crowded in to fill the vacant seats. “All aboard!” the guard shouted harshly, slamming the iron gates behind the last passenger, a man of medium size, with a dark complexion and a light mustache. As Dawson’s gaze fell on this stranger, his face flushed with excitement, and he rose up in his seat. “Get off at the next station, Ninth Street. Wait for me there,” he exclaimed hurriedly to Dick. Then he dashed for the platform, scattering the indignant passengers to right and left. Clang ’ ’ went the gates. He was too late. Before the guard could raise a hand to stop him, he bounded clear over, landing feet first on the girder between the tracks.THE MAJOR’S PLOT. 1087 The other train was moving slowly, but Dawson snatched at the platform of the rear car, caught it, and drew himself up on hands and knees. The brakeman was about to throw him forcibly off, but, as the train was now moving rapidly, he changed his mind, and, seizing Dawson by the collar, he hauled him bodily over the railing. “ You’ll get locked up for this performance, my man,” he exclaimed angrily. Dawson thrust his hand into his pocket and pressed a coin into the fellow’s palm. “ I had to do it,” he whispered. “ Got to see a man on board. Don’t say a word. It’ll be all right.” Before the astonished guard could reply, he broke from his detaining grasp and entered the car. He passed hurriedly through and entered the next one. The man he sought was sitting at the farther end, glancing at a morning paper. Lurching from side to side with every motion of the car, Dawson reached the spot. He stood still, regardiug the stranger with such a curious expres- sion 011 his face that the passengers looked up, half anticipating what was to follow. “You scoundrel ! You assassin ! ” he shouted hoarsely. “I’ve got you now,” and, bending down, he grasped the inoffensive man by the collar and shook him violently.	» The stranger dropped the paper and looked up in astonishment, his face flushing angrily. Then, rising to his feet, he shot out his right arm and struck Dawson forcibly on the chest. Dawson prompllv retaliated with a swift blow, and in a moment the two men were struggling on the floor. The passengers edged away from the spot, shouting with excitement. Several made an effort to stop the fight, and the brakeman hurried to their assistance just as the train drew up at the Eighteenth Street station. Amid great excitement among the passengers within and without, a dozen strong arms tore the combatants apart. Both men strove to escape from those who held them, glaring fiercely at each other. “ Send for an officer,” cried the stranger. “ Arrest this scoundrel. He is a lunatic. I never laid eyes on him before. I call the passengers to witness that the assault was entirely unprovoked. ’ ’ “ Yes ! yes ! That’s right ! That’s true ! The assault was entirely unpro- voked,” exclaimed half a dozen voices, and every one looked threateningly at Dawson. The brakeman hesitated. It was time for the train to start—another train was close behind—and no officer was in sight. “ I’ll have to take him up to Twenty Third Street,” he said, and, walk- ing to the car door, he called out to an official standing near: “Send an officer up to Twenty Third Street station, right away, Martin.” “ All right,” was the reply. “ I’ll attend to it.” Then the gates clanged shut and the train started. The brakeman re-entered the car.io88 THE MAJOR’S PLOT. “ Keep an eye on this fellow, will you ? ” he said to the passengers. Dawson had ceased his struggles, and was regarding his late antagonist with a marvelous expression of face—fear, amazement and incredulity com- bined. “Gents, I’ve made a mistake,” he said aloud; “hanged if I haven’t blundered. ’ ’ The passengers grinned, and several laughed derisively. “ He can’t escape arrest that way,” said one man. “ I beg your pardon,” Dawson went on, unheeding the ridicule. “ I see now you ain’t the man I thought you was, but blamed if you don’t look enough like him to be his brother. Such a resemblance I never seen before.” Dawson drew a long breath, and continued to scan the stranger from head to foot. The earnestness of his manner impressed the object of his scrutiny. “For whom did you take me?” he asked, half in earnest, half in jest. “ What is the name of the man to whom I am indebted for this playful assault—for I suppose you have some grievance against him ? ” “Grievance?” muttered Dawson, with clinched teeth. “Well, yes, I have—a slight one. ’ ’ “If you wish to know, sir,” he added, more calmly, “ I will tell you. The man in question—and he looks as much like you as one pea resembles another—is a certain Major Horace Penrose, as he calls himself.” “ Good heavens ! ” cried the stranger, trembling like a leaf, and clutch- ing at a strap for support, ‘ ‘ What do you mean, sir ? That is my name. I am Major Horace Penrose ! ” Dawson was struck dumb with amazement. It wTas a full minute before he could find voice to reply, and then the train had stopped at Twenty Third Street. He leaned toward the stranger and whispered in his ear : “ Get me out of this scrape, will you, an’ give me a few minutes’ conver- sation. You won’t regret it. ” The man readily assented, but it proved an exceedingly difficult task. The brakeman was obdurate. “ If the gentleman would not appear against his assailant,” he declared, “ then the company would prosecute on their own account.” Matters began to look black for Dawson, but at the last moment the brakeman was induced to relent. The newly found Major Penrose and his companion hurried down the steps to the street, passing on the way the officer who had been sent for. “Now,” said Mr. Penrose, “suppose you explain to me all about this friend of yours who resembles me in appearance and name.” “ It won’t take many words to do that,” said Dawson. “ His home is in Lewisberry, York County, Pennsylvania-” “ What ! ” cried the stranger, seizing the other’s arm in a grip that made Dawson wince. “Did I hear aright? Why, Lewisberry is my home, or rather was, for it is fifteen years since I saw it last. I landed in New York yesterday from Northern Africa. What has been going on in my absence ?THE MAJOR’S PLOT. All ! I have it, I have it. That wretch, that monster of ingratitude ! It is he who has done this. He believes that I will never return-” The man reeled back against a telegraph pole, but Dawson caught him before he could fall. An officer standing near hurried up to render assistance, but it was not needed. Mr. Penrose recovered his strength in a moment, and, leaning on Dawson’s arm, he hurried from the avenue into a side street. “ Now tell me all about this man—this impostor,” he demanded eagerly, “ Don’t omit a thing.” Profiting by the information he had gleaned from Dick, Dawson gave his companion a tolerably accurate account of the state of affairs at Eewisberry, and with each word the stranger’s agitation increased. “ You are the second man to accost me by name since I arrived in New York,” he said. “I met another fellow on lower Broadway this morning. He called me Major Penrose, and declared that he had something important to tell me. I appointed an interview with him tonight, or rather he ap- pointed one with me. I must go uptown now 011 business, and this afternoon I must spend some time at the French Consulate. This interview tonight is connected, I believe, with the matter of which we have just spoken. I should like to have you present with me, and if you will accompany me to Harris- burg 011 the midnight train you shall be amply repaid for your lost time. I see that you know something of the antecedents of this false Major Penrose. But I have no time to lose. Meet me at seven o’clock this evening at the Bowery and Chatham Square—foot of the Elevated station. That is where I agreed to meet the other man at a quarter after seven. You will certainly be there ? ” “ Yes,” said Dawson, “ trust me for that.” He would have said more, but he was alone, and Major Penrose was hurrying up the street toward Third Avenue. Dawson watched him until he vanished in the crowd, and then he walked rapidly to the nearest Elevated station, and boarded a down train. ‘‘Well, if this ain’t the greatest go,” he muttered, “an’ won’t somebody be surprised about this time tomorrow when I show my hand. To think of my strikin’ the real Major Penrose, an’ the resemblance ! Blest if I can explain that. They can’t be any relation, surely. I was going to tell him about Dick being with me, but he didn’t give me the chance. I’ll keep that surprise fur tonight.” Here Dawson’s reveries were interrupted by arriving at the Ninth Street station, and a moment later he was clasping hands with Dick, who had care- fully obeyed instructions. “It was a friend I hadn’t seen fur years,” he explained to the boy. “ That’s why I left you in such a hurry. I’m going to introduce you to him this evening. It’s all fixed about going to Harrisburg, too, so don’t worry about that.” Then Dawson led his companion down to the street, and up into the station again 011 the opposite side, where they took the first down train and got off at Canal Street.1090 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. “I can’t take you to a fashionable hotel,” said Dawson, “’cause I haven’t got the money.” He stopped at an open doorway, over which was a sign: Empire; Hotel. Board. $1.50 Per Week. A flight of steps led to the second floor. Here was a big, gloomy, uncar- peted room, facing the Bowery. A dozen or more rough, looking men were sitting at round tables, reading papers and spitting tobacco juice over the floor. They glanced up carelessly at the newcomers, and then resumed their occupations. Dawson led Dick to a remote corner, and they seated themselves at a vacant table. “This is only a lodging house,” Dawson explained, “the guests take their meals at neighboring restaurants—and, by .Jove, lad, I clean forgot you had no breakfast this morning. That’ll never do. We’ll go out now and fill up. I’m hungry myself.” This was a welcome proposition to Dick. Dawson took him to an eating house in a side street, and for fifteen cents apiece they obtained a fairly good meal, though by no means such an one as Dick was accustomed to at home. “ We’ll have dinner at three o’clock,” said Dawson; “ that’s the fashion in New York, an’ a mighty good fashion it is for the pocket book, too.” He invested in a three cent cigar, and then they walked slowly back to the hotel. “I’d like to see something of New York while I’m here,” said Dick. “Where is Fifth Avenue, and Murray Hill, and Madison Square, and all those places that one hears so much about ? Are they very far away ? ” “ Well, they ain’t very close,” replied Dawson; “ in fact they are too far away to walk, an’ we can’t afford to ride uptown if we want to buy ourselves a dinner today. You’11 see New York again one of these days.” Dick was disappointed for a little while, but he soon found pleasurable occupation in watching the busy life of the Bowery from the front window. This served to make the hours pass very quickly. Dawson spent most of the time reading the papers provided for the patrons of the hotel, or rather pretending to read, for his mind was in too excited a condition to allow him to concentrate his thoughts on any particular subject. “ I wonder who that other fellow can be that Major Penrose spoke about?” he said to himself. “There’s something queer al>out that trans- action to my eye. It’s a funny place to appoint for an interview, too— Chatham Square. However, I flatter myself I know New York pretty well. I’ll make it a point to be on hand early, an’ if there is any underhand busi- ness in the wind against the major—why, it won’t come off, that’s all.” At three o’clock they dined—this time at a different restaurant, and the charge was half a dollar for the two. “ I’ve got just a nickel left,” muttered Dawson ruefully, as he paid the score. “ I’ll keep it fur luck.” It was a cold, disagreeable day, so the}7 went back to the hotel, Dick going to the window as before, and Dawson turning his attention to the papers.THE MAJOR'S PLOT. 1091 At last it began to grow dark outside, and a couple of feeble oil lamps were lighted, that shed a sickly glare over the room. Five o’clock came, and then six. A few moments later Dawson rose, stretched himself wearily, and making a quiet signal to Dick, left the room. “ I was afraid the proprietor might ask us some unpleasant questions,” he said, as they passed into the street. “We ain’t going back tonight, you know, an’ we didn’t pay anything for the use of the room all day.” Dick was entranced by the surroundings as he trudged down the Bowery at his companion’s side. The glare of the electric lamps, the brilliantly lighted windows, the tide of humanity, with its strange types, that surged up and down the sidewalks, the tinkling of the street car bells, the clang of the electric motors, the rattle of the drays and carts, the tremendous roar of the elevated overhead—all this filled his heart with wonder and amazement. Block after block was passed, and then Dawson paused 011 a street corner, before the covered stairway that led to an elevated station. “ Here we are,” he said, “ this is Chatham Square. Just on time,” he added, glancing at a clock in the window of a jewelry store. Chapter XXXIV.—In which Both Lewisberry and Mulberry Bend are Concerned. For a very short time we must now carry the reader far away from the busy metropolis, and see how things are faring in Eewisberry. Dr. Galen and Nellie Maynard spent several hours discussing the strange article in the French military paper, but neither could throw any light upon the apparent mystery. “ It is very plain,” said the doctor, “ that Major Penrose was actually in America at the date of this Algerian dispatch. Metilla, I see by my atlas, is a great distance from Algiers. The courier must have spent a long time in making the journey—an interval which might have allowed Major Penrose to reach America, though I doubt it very much. At all events, Miss Nellie, you have done a very wise thing in bringing me this paper, and if I make any startling discovery I will let you know promptly.” For some time after Nellie’s departure the doctor sat under the lamplight, absorbed in deep thought. Unconsciously he gave utterance to some of his reflections aloud. “What strange things have come into my head lately,” he muttered, crumbling the paper fiercely in his hand, ‘ * and this is by far the most astounding of all Bah ! what nonsense. It cannot be. Everybody recog- nizes him at first sight—even the household servants. He is perfectly familiar with all the happenings in the neighborhood prior to the last fifteen years. He undoubtedly is the squire’s son—Horace Penrose. I will dismiss the matter from my mind, think no more about it.” The doctor yawned, and stretched himself wearily back in his chair. The rain was falling thickly outside, but above its patter a sharp rat-tat-tat was heard at the door.1092 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. “ Come in ! ” he cried sharply, and the man Jackson entered, shaking the water from his clothes. He handed the doctor a letter. “From the major, sir,” he said huskily. Dr. Galen stood under the lamplight and broke the envelope. He drew out the inclosure, unfolded it, and read the following, written in the major’s dashing chirography: Dear Doctor: Father is slightly better this evening—only the beginning of the; end, I fear. He knows all of us, and speaks lucidly, but I can see that something is weighing heavily on his mind. He begs that Mr. Grimwood be sent for at once, and requests your presence also. I suppose he is worried about some business matter, and I have written to know whether you think it advisable to send for the attorney or not. If you think it should be done, please tell Jackson to that effect, and he will at once proceed to Harrisburg. Suppose you come over as soon as you can. Truly yours, Horace Penrose. The doctor dropped the letter and turned to Jackson. “ You had better go to Harrisburg without loss of time, and bring Mr. Grimwood back with you. You know where to find him ? ’ ’ “ Yes,” said Jackson, “ I know the place. Good uiglit, doctor.” As the door closed behind him, Dr. Galen slipped hhrriedly into his boots and greatcoat. “ I think I foresee what is going to take place,” he said aloud, “ but be- fore any business affairs of importance are transacted, Major Penrose shall account to me for the discrepancy in that Algerian dispatch. My mind is firm 011 that point.” Seizing his hat and umbrella, he passed out into the rainy night. *	* * * * * * And now to return to the man and boy whom we left on watch in Chatham Square. Dawson drew Dick to the edge of the curbing, and then leaning against a telegraph pole, he fixed his eyes on the stairway, scanning closely each person that came down. Five minutes passed and Dawson began to show signs of uneasiness. Suddenly a ragged little urchin of twelve years paused in front of him. “Say, mister,” he piped shrilly, “ air you lookin’ fur anybody—a gent wot wears a dark blue suit an’ has a yeller mustache? ” Dawson looked down on the child in astonishment. “ You’ve hit it, my little man. That’s just the kind of feller I’m looking for. What do you know about it, Johnny ? ’ ’ “ My name ain’t Johnny,” was the reply; “it’s Paddy Mick. I wus standin’ here a little while ago when this ’ere man in the blue suit come down from the Elevated. He waited fur a minit or two, an’ then seein’ me, he come an’ tapped me on the shoulder. ‘ Look here,’ ses he, ‘ thar’s a feller cornin’ in ter meet me here. I see him cornin’ down the street now. You follow us an’ see where we go. Then come back here agin, an’ by that time there’ll be another gent waitin’ here wot I had an engagement with, too. You bring him right along an’ show him where I am.’ ”THE MAJOR'S PLOT. 1093 “ He stuck a dollar in my pocket, an’ just then the cove came up to him an’ away they went. I followed them close, you bet, an’ as soon as I seed ’em stowed away I come right back here. Now, air you the right man or not ?’ ’ “Yes, I’m the right man,” replied Dawson. “You’re safe on that. Where did the party take this gentleman ? ’ ’ “ Oh, not fur away,” said Paddy; “ right round on the Bend.” “ Not the Mulberry Street Bend ?” asked Dawson sharply. “ Right you are. That’s just the place.” Dawson’s face turned pale—an occurrence that did not escape Dick’s notice—and he thrust his hand back in his hip pocket to assure himself that the revolver was still there. “Lead the way, Paddy,” he said briefly, “and don’t lose any valuable time about it.” The lad turned directly off the Bowery and went confidently ahead with Dick and Dawson at his heels. The street grew darker, .shabbier, and more lonely. The lad made several turns, and then plunged fearlessly into the worst, the most squalid locality that even New York can boast of—Mulberry Street. On and 011 they went, until the flickering gas lamps revealed a curve ahead, for the street was built in the shape of a crescent. They were now in the famous Bend. Dick, of course, through ignorance, did not realize the dangerous ground he was treading. The scene around him, with the debased phases of human life, was full of absorbing interest. The sidewalks were irregular and full of broken ruts, the streets were narrow, aud the dingy, frowning houses that towered aloft on each side seemed to shut off every breath of fresh air. The atmosphere was foul and stagnant. At this hour of the evening many people were on the street, all Italians, with swarthy, villainous faces, dressed in hideous rags. The basements of the houses seemed given over to trade, and through the dirty window panes could be seen foul smelling butcher stalls, stacks of decayed vegetables and fruit—for the Mulberry Street purveyors deal in second hand stock, procured probably from refuse barrels or from those who make a business of begging at the area doors of up town houses. Some of the dishes on Mulberry Street supper tables that night might have graced the boards of an Astor or a Vanderbilt that morning. The whole scene was one of intense misery and squalor. Dick’s curiosity was succeeded by revulsion, and he was glad when Paddy stopped before a gloomy four story house near the very center of the Bend. Not a ray of light was visible, either in the basement or from the upper windows. * ‘ Are you sure this is the place ? ’ ’ asked Dawson. “Dead sure,” replied Paddy. “ They went right in here an’ shut the door. ’ ’ Dawson stood still for a moment, apparently uncertain what to do. A dozen rough looking men were standing in groups near by, watching the1094 THE MAJOR’S PLOT. strangers keenly. Dawson looked in vain for the blue coat and brass buttons of an officer—a sight that would have been quite welcome at the time. Suddenly from the house came a single, sharp cry—loud and piercing. It was followed by dead silence. “ That means murder,” exclaimed Dawson. He dashed up the steps and tried the handle of the door. To his surprise it flew open, revealing the utter darkness of the hall. “ Paddy, run for an officer as quick as you can,” he cried. “ Dick, you follow close behind me. Here is a box of matches. Keep one lighted all the time.” Paddy was already off on a run, and drawing his revolver in plain view of the sullen looking Italians in the street, Dawson darted into the hallway, and Dick followed, striking match after match. Chapter XXXV.—In which Many Things Occur. At the foot of the stairway Dawson and Dick paused. A scuffling noise could be plainly heard, as though somebody was bumping violently against furniture. At the far end of the hall a dim light was seen, as if coming from the crack of a door. The staircase was old and rotten. Dawson tore loose one of the banister posts, and with this in one hand and the revolver in the other he crept down the uncarpeted hallway toward the faint glimmer. “Help! Help!” The piteous appeal echoed through the house, and on the instant the door was flung open in Dawson’s very face, and a man rushed into the hall. His back was turned toward the lighted room, and his face was invisible ; but he saw Dawson plainly enough, and the discovery brought a cry of alarm to his lips that was smothered instantly when Dawson’s heavy club descended on his head and felled him to the floor. “ Lie there, you scoundrel,” shouted Dawson, and then he dashed into the lighted room, with Dick at his heels. Here a strange scene met their eyes. The apartment was small, with greasy walls and uucarpeted floor. Half a dozen chairs and two small tables were scattered about in various stages of dilapidation, and in the midst of this wreckage two men were struggling fiercely, rolling over and over aud clutch- ing each other’s throats. Near by lay a huge knife, with a long, gleaming blade. Dawson sprang forward, and, as the men rolled within reach, he seized the uppermost—a dirty Italian with horribly repulsive face, and dragged him by main force from his victim. Then, as the fellow rushed furiously at him, he stunned him with a blowr from the butt of his revolver. The other man rose slowly to his feet, and staggered toward Dawson with outstretched hands. “You came just in time,” he whispered hoarsely. “ The scoundrel en- ticed me here with a plausible tale, and then his confederate tried to put an end to me with the knife. Where is the other rascal ? Has he escaped ? ’ ’THE MATOR’S PLOT. 1095 Before Dawson could reply, a commotion was heard in the hall, and Paddy burst into the room, followed by two officers, who led between them the man whom Dawson had struck down with the club. Dick, who had been standing near the door, started back with amazement as his eyes fell on the prisoner. “ Henry Ford ! ” he gasped. “ You here? ” Dawson was 110 less surprised. “I thought so,” he cried. “So you were at the bottom of this, Cockney Bill?” Ford made no reply. His face was haggard with terror, and he was trembling violently, for here before him was the man whom he had believed dead—whom with his own hands he had thrust mercilessly into the old well at Rich Hill. Then Dick, for the first time, saw plainly the features of the stranger whom Dawson had rescued from the Italian. “ My father ! ” he exclaimed excitedly, “ Major Penrose ! ” On hearing this, the man turned pale. “ What does this mean? ” he demanded of Dawson. “ Who is this boy ? Why does he call me father ? I am mad or dreaming. ’ ’ “This is Dick Penrose, your own son,” said Dawson solemnly. “You are neither mad nor dreaming;” and turning to Dick he added : “ This is your real father, my boy—not the black hearted scoundrel you have known by that name.” A brief silence ensued, broken only by a hoarse groan from Ford ; then father and son met in a fervent embrace. *	* * * * * * The explanations that followed this strange and affecting reunion the reader can readily divine. To a future chapter must be left the more detailed account of the remarkable circumstances which led to this dramatic episode, and the revelation of the most astounding and daring plot ever conceived by human ingenuity. The officers at once clapped handcuffs on Ford and the Italian, who had by this time recovered consciousness. They then proceeded to search the premises, leaving the two prisoners in care of Dawson and Major Penrose. Watching his opportunity, Ford whispered in Dawson’s ear: “Get me hout of this scrape, old man, an’ I’ll go back to Harrisburg an’ make a clean breast of the ’ole matter. Don’t leave me in the hands of the New York police—they’ll soon find out who I am.” The major overheard this conversation, and, coming close up to Ford, he asked him several questions in a low voice. Ford’s reply had a startling effect upon him, and, turning to Dawson, he said : ‘ ‘ It is of the utmost importance that this man should be saved from arrest, though he did try to take my life. He is only a tool of the greater villain, and his presence will be needed at Lewisberry tomorrow. How can it be arranged ? ’ ’ Dawson reflected a moment. “ I thought of this before,” he replied, “ so I kicked the knife down a1096 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. hole in the floor. Accuse the Italian of an attempted robbery, and let the officers suppose that the man Ford was going for assistance when I met him in the hall and knocked him down. Say you will appear against the Italian in the morning. Stick to this story, and slip a ten dollar bill in the officers’ hands if you get a chance.” Whether the major followed this last piece of advice or not, we are unable to state ; but, at all events, a quarter of an hour later the two officers departed in one direction with their Italian prisoner, while Dawson, Major Penrose, Dick and Ford went the other way, having dismissed Paddy Mick with a substantial reward. Although not ostensibly a prisoner, Ford would have found it impossible to escape from his companions had he been inclined to try the experiment. A cab was procured on the Bowery, and the whole party were driven to an uptown hotel, where Major Penrose stopped only long enough to secure a small amount of personal baggage. Thence they went directly to Jersey City, and took the midnight train for Harrisburg. Chapter XXXVI. *-In which the Curtain Rises on the Beginning of the End. It was very nearly midnight when Dr. Galen reached the farmhouse. The major answered his slight rap on the door, and led him straight to the sick room. Squire Penrose was slightly raised upon two pillows. His eyes were wide open, and he was perfectly conscious. He recognized the doctor, and inquired anxiously for Mr. Grimwood. “ He will be here presently,” said the major. “ Don’t worry, father.” This seemed to pacify the squire, for he closed his eyes and fell asleep almost instantly. Dr. Galen and the major conversed in low tones, while the hours dragged slowly by. At five o’clock in the morning Jackson returned. “ Mr. Grimwood is out of the city,” he said, “ but his family expect him back at six o’clock. They promised to send him over at once, so I thought I had better return home and tell you.” The squire now awoke and inquired anxiously for the attorney. Dr. Galen and the major held a hasty consultation. The major was quite nervous, the doctor cool and collected. “Your father is losing strength rapidly,” he said, “ but by the aid of a stimulant he can be kept up for possibly twenty four hours; beyond that time I dare make 110 assertion. ’ ’ The squire was informed that Mr. Grimwood would arrive in a couple of hours. This had such a pleasing effect that no stimulant was necessary just then. He became much brighter, and declared that he was feeling quite com- fortable. At seven o’clock the major retired to his room with the avowed intention of taking a short nap. Several times the knocker 011 the front door was heard, and the doctor went softly down stairs to answer any inquiries that might be made concerning the squire’s condition.THE MAJOR’S PLOT. 1097 Meeting Pompey in the lower hall, a sudden idea flashed into his mind, and drawing the old man into a secluded corner, he said abruptly : “ Pompey, are you certain that this Major Penrose up stairs is really the squire’s son Horace, the lad whom you nursed in infancy? ” Pompey nodded sadly. “ Yes, sail, thar ain’t no doubt on that, it am de same boy, but law bless yer, doctor, he ain’t got the same disposition what he had when he was little. But thar ain’t no doubt about it, am thar ? ” he added suddenly, “ ’cause little Horace had a pink mark on his arm, ’bove de elbow, what looked jest like a strawberry.” “ Did he? ” asked the doctor in a tone of great interest. “ No, Pompey, I don’t think there is any doubt. When Mr. Grimwood arrives, come up stairs with him, and wait outside in the hall.” This event occurred almost immediately. Wheels rattled into the yard, and the attorney stepped upon the porch j 11st as Pompey opened the door. He threw his wet coat and hat 011 the rack, shook hands with the doctor and then followed him up stairs, bearing a small Russia leather valise in his hand. The major had returned to the sick room, looking somewhat brighter from his short nap. At sight of Mr. Grimwood, the squire’s eyes brightened, aud he stretched out a trembling hand to greet him. The attorney sat down close to the bedside and carried 011 a whispered conversation with the sick man. Then he walked across to the table, opened the valise and took out paper, pens aud ink. “ Your father is desirous of making a new will,” he said curtly, addressing the major. “I suppose you will certify, Dr. Galen, that he is in his right mind and senses.' ’ “ He is, beyond a doubt,” replied the doctor quietly. “ Then it only remains for me to obey his dictation,” said Mr. Grimwood. He drew the table to the bedside, arranged the writing materials, and took his seat, ready to begin. At this point Dr. Galen turned suddenly pale. Catching the major’s eye, he motioned significantly and then left the room. The major followed him into the hall. Pompey was standing by Dick’s room, the door to which was wide open. The doctor quickly entered, beckoning both to follow him. He closed the door quietly, and turned to the major, whose countenance showed the surprise that he felt. “Major Penrose,” he said calmly, “I hope you will pardon the strange request I am going to make of you. An affair of the deepest importance is about to be transacted in the next apartment. I have reason to believe that Squire Penrose is going to make an important change in his will in your favor. Before that document is signed I must demand of you some more convincing proof of your identity than you have yet shown. According to Pompey’s statement you should have on your right arm a mark resembling a strawberry. Have you any objection to revealing this ? ’ ’ If the doctor actually had any doubts, they were instantly banished.1098 THE MAJOR'S PLOT. With a sneering smile on his lips Major Penrose drew off his coat, laid it calmly on a cliair, and then quickly bared his right arm. “ There,” he said, stretching it out, and the doctor saw plainly an oval pink mark in the firm white flesh. “ Dat settles it,” said Pompey. “ It am de same mark.” Dr. Galen attempted to utter a feeble apology. “ Don’t, I beg of you,” said the major pleasantly. “ I don’t bear any malice at all. It was quite a proper proceeding on your part, and I honor you all the more for your loyalty to the family. ’ ’ He drew on his coat and led the way back to the sick room. This little episode had occupied but a few moments. Mr. Grimwood had not yet touched pen or paper. He motioned Dr. Galen and the major to seat themselves, and they took chairs near the bed. “ The squire wishes that you should both be present,” he said. “ All is readj' now,” he added, bending toward the sick man. “ First of all,” began the squire, in quite a firm and audible voice, “ I want it understood that I revoke all former wills and codicils.” Then, as Mr. Grimwood began to write rapidly, he dictated, one after another, a number of small legacies to distant relatives and friends, and to the household servants. At this point Mr. Grimwood read aloud what he had written. “ Yes,” said the squire approvingly, “ that is all right. Now, Mr. Grim- wood, I wish to leave the sum of ten thousand dollars to my grandson, Richard, or rather the yearly interest of that sum. Bad as he has behaved, I feel that I should make some little provision for him. At his death let the principal revert to his family—should he have one—otherwise to the Samari- tan Hospital at Harrisburg.” Mr. Grimwood wrote briskly for a few moments, and the scratching of his pen was the only sound heard in the room. Then he stopped and turned, inquiringly to the sick man. “ The balance of my property, real and personal,” said the squire feebly, “ goes to my son Horace, with one condition only attached—that the home farm shall never be sold. I believe that is all. I appoint you and my son Horace joint administrators.” Mr. Grimwood’s pen began to move rapidly over the paper. Dr. Galen watched every movement of the hand that was scribbling Dick Penrose’s for- tune away from him, and the major turned his gaze steadily on the floor. “ I think I have everything right,” said Mr. Grimwood, as he laid his pen aside and applied a blotting sheet to his writing. He held the document up where the light could fall upon it, and read it aloud, from beginning to end, in a hard, business like voice. Not a word was lost on his hearers, and the squire nodded a full assent. But the dictation had been a trying ordeal, and now he sank down among the bedclothes, breathing heavily. Dr. Galen was quickly at his side, feeling his pulse and then his heart. The major rose to his feet, ghastly pale ; the will that made him a wealthy man was yet unsigned.PALMISTRY. 1099 “He is in no immediate danger,” said the doctor reassuringly; “the effort has exhausted him.” He administered a few drops of a stimulating medicine, and the squire soon opened his eyes, and looked around at the occupants of the room, while a faint flush appeared on his cheek. “ The pen,” he whispered hoarsely; “ hand me the pen.” He made a visible attempt to rise in bed, and the doctor, with Mr. Grimwood’s assistance, lifted him to a sitting posture and placed two pillows behind^ him. At that moment wheels rattled over the gravel road outside, and paused before the house. It is doubtful if those in the room heard the sound, so deeply interested were they in what was going on before them. A small drawer was taken from the table and placed bottom up on the bed before the squire. On this Mr. Grimwood placed the open will. “ Dr. Galen, you and I will witness the signature,” he said; and then he handed the pen to the squire, who seized it firmly between his thumb and forefingers. For half a dozen seconds the room was so quiet that a pin could have been heard to drop. Every eye was turned on the squire, as his trembling hand sought the blank space at the bottom of the will, and already the pen had marred the whiteness of the paper with the beginning of his signature when a confused trampling of feet was heard from the corridor, and mingled with it the low hum of voices. As the sound came closer and closer, the three men standing by the bed- side glanced inquiringly at each other and then at the door, while the squire allowed the pen to drop from his nerveless fingers. Something strangely like a sob was heard in the hall, and for a brief instant the sounds were hushed. Then—the door was opened wide, and Dick Penrose walked straight into the room. Behind him, in single file came Dock Dawson, Henry Ford, and a stranger with tanned skin and fair mustache. Old Pompey and Betsy brought up the rear, trembling with excitement. William Murray Gray don. (TO be CONTINUED.) PALMISTRY. I held her hand To trace her fate by line and bend; ’ Twas half past eight when I began, And when I finished—very late. For I forgot the method, and Till I recalled it—held her hand While she became a prophetess By whispering to my question—“ Yes.”LOST ON THE GREAT BELT. A fearful experience among the ice cakes of the Danish Sea—Perils attending a novel means of transport when boats were turned into sledges. "~P HAT thrilling night adventure on tlie frozen waters of the Danish Sea has left memories that time can never dull, and more than one experi- ence of that sort a man doesn’t care to pass through in a lifetime. It was Fred Mayne who first suggested that wandering tour in Denmark as a happy change from the well beaten Continental paths, and Fred it was, too, who got us into the scrape, though through no fault of his own, poor fellow. He had slipped off a mountain ledge away ujd in Jutland, aud before his broken leg had knit, the autumn had passed into winter. We made all haste to reach Copenhagen, but a sudden cold snap swooped down upon us, and when we arrived at Nyburg, early in December, the Great Belt was a sea of ice. Only once or twice in ten years, perhaps, does this happen, for the current is fierce and strong; but when one of these severe winters does come and the Great Belt freezes over, a novel device is used to carry the mails and the passengers from island to island. The Ice Boat Transport they call it, and it consists of large boats capable of holding ten persons, and yet light enough to be easily dragged over the ice by four men. Open spaces are often reached, and the ice, by reason of the strong current, is liable to break up very suddenly, so that sledges cannot safely be used. Three days we waited, together with a constantly increasing number of passengers and a large amount of back mail; for the ice gave promise of breaking up aud allowing the steamers to cross. On the fourth day, how- ever, it grew colder, and the next morning it was decided to start. It was a strange and novel sight to see the procession winding across the frozen sea, for all the world like a caravan on a desert of ice. There were in all some twenty boats, each drawn by the sturdy transport men, who were strong, hard)'' fellows, while the passengers, who were of various nationalities, walked alongside or lent their assistance to the boatmen. Among them were several ladies, who were not compelled to walk but sat snugly among the mail pouches. Our boat was the first to start, and Captain Fane, who was one of the most skilled pilots of the Great Belt, walked ahead, sounding the ice con- stantly with a huge staff, while his four assistants came close behind, drag- ging the boat with comparative ease by means of oars lashed across the bow and stern. Fred and I walked alongside, wrapped up warmly in great Danish coats that we had purchased at Nyburg.LOST ON THE GREAT BELT. IIOI The dull leaden sky hung close over us, and a hazy mist in the atmos- phere soon hid the shore in our rear, while the Zealand coast in front of us was completely invisible. It was a great desert of ice, and strangely enough, when we had tramped over the monotonous surface for several hours, we seemed to be floating in space, for on all sides the line of the horizon was lost, completely merged in the dusky sky. Several times Captain Fane halted to snuff the air, and looked uneasily about him ; and presently it grew strangely white in the distance and a fierce snow storm came beating down on us from the north. “Keep close to the boat,” directed the captain. “Don’t lose sight of it.” And as the flakes fell in a blinding cloud, we stumbled on, tripping con- stantly over blocks of ice, but never for an instant taking our gaze from the dark outlines of the boat and the stout form of the captain ahead of it. Soon we became separated from the rest and saw dark forms moving vaguely on our right and left, while some of the boats turned back and we heard faint shouts from time to time as they receded in the distance. But Captain Fane went steadily on, and we followed him blindly through the storm. Once through the driving snow something dark loomed up and we heard the dashing of waves. It was a break in the ice, and without hesitation the boat was shoved into the water and we hastily took our seats, while four stout pair of oars carried us across this unknown expanse of sea. The captain looked grave, for the wind and current were terribly strong, and iu spite of all efforts we were losing ground. Presently the storm lifted just long enough for us to make a difficult landing on the ice again, and then it gathered round us with redoubled fury. We moved forward very slowly and cautiously, never taking our hands from the side of' the boat, and once I thought we were lost, for the captain examined a small compass with an air of uneasiness ; but presently, loud above the whistling of the wind, came a dull booming sound. “Faster now,"’ said the captain, cheerily, “that is the signal gun at Korsor. ’ ’ Korsor was the transport station on the opposite side of the Belt, where supplies and extra boats are kept. The little signal gun kept booming loudly at intervals, a welcome sound no doubt to all the scattered boats. We hurried on unceasingly until the gun already had a plainer sound, and then a catastrophe occurred with startling suddenness. A terrific blast of wind, filled with hail and snow, blew over us like a hurricane, and as we crouched and bent before its stinging force, a report like a cannon shot rang iu our ears and went echoing past in the distance, while we felt the ice part beneath us and the black waters surged madly up, boiling and hissing about our feet. The sea was throwing off its icy fetters. I made a frantic leap into the boat, dragging after me Mayne, who had sunk to his waist. Then to our horror we saw Captain Fane struggling amid the broken ice. Holding 011 to his staff, which rested on two cakes, he was making des- perate efforts to raise his body from the water, while the great blocks that1102 LOST ON THE GREAT BELT. surged around him threatened every instant to crush him in their icy embrace. I gave a cry of horror as he missed an oar that was extended to him. Then the boat lunged forward, one of the men leaned out and caught the captain’s staff, and in a minute he was dragged unhurt on board. Shaking off the water, he looked around him and began to count eagerly. “ One, two, three, four, five, six—where is Hamar ? ” he cried, and then I saw that one man was missing. On all sides we searched, but no trace of him was seen. He must have been instantly forced under water. A tear trickled down the captain’s furrowed cheek, and he repeated inces- santly, “ Poor Hamar ! Poor Hamar ! How can I tell his wife,” while the brave sailors seemed stupefied by their comrade’s death. There was no time for mourning, however, for the situation was perilous - in the extreme, and we felt there was little chance of ever seeing home again. The storm was now at its height, and mingled with the wind and the patter of sleet and hail, we heard the sickening crush of great blocks of ice grinding against one another, and the angry moaning of the sea, while the boat plunged dizzily up and down, creaking in every timber as some huge cake rushed into violent collision with it. With their oars the sailors attempted to ward off the dangerous blows, and finally succeeded in heading the boat with the current. With the gale in our teeth we floated to the north, while Fred and I, seated on the mail bags, watched with mute despair the hurrying sea of ice around us. Faster and faster came the snow, and at times it nearly blinded us, hiding everything from view; then at intervals the wind would fall and wTe could see for a long distance the broken field of ice, motionless, it seemed to us, for the boat was gliding along with equal speed. ^Captain Fane stood with arms folded, looking straight before him, and the boatmen in dull resignation, whispered among themselves, while all the time we were drifting rapidly toward the open waters of the Cattegat, where chance of rescue would be small indeed. The booming of the signal gun became fainter and fainter, and then ceased entirely. It grew bitterly cold, and to keep from freezing we were obliged to stamp up and down the boat. Once, when the storm had lifted, we caught sight of a dark object some distance away, and when we all shouted, a faint cry came back in return. It was one of the other boats drifting nearly par- allel with us, but it was evidently heavily freighted, for it lay low in the water, and the ice as it rose and fell seemed to hide it from view. We seemed for a little while to be drawing nearer, and the shouts came to our ears more distinctly; but suddenly another flurry of snow came on, dense and blinding, and the wind blew with such awful force that the boat threatened to go over, and the ice thundered against it on all sides. In terror we clung to the bottom boards, expecting each moment to be our last, while the boatmen stood bravely to their posts and kept the boat balanced on its keel. The severity of the storm blew over after a while, and the whirling snow cloud lifted again. We looked anxiously for the other boat; but though weLOST ON THE GREAT BELT. 1103 could see half a mile around, not a thing was in sight, only the ice and the dark, gloomy sky. “ Has the boat gone down? ” cried Fred, and the captain nodded his head in silent assent. Hours passed by—hours of long and wretched misery—while the snow fell steadily. The wind had died away, and the still cold numbed our limbs and made us drowsy. We would have gone calmly to sleep on the mail bags never to awaken again; but the boatmen, more inured to the rugged climate, dragged us roughly to our feet and rubbed snow on our faces, and made us take the poles and ward off the threatening cakes of ice. At last, as night approached, the sky grew darker and dimmer, and the snow seemed whiter in contrast. As darkness came on the snow ceased falling entirely, and after a while we saw stars peeping out from the broken clouds. We drifted on and 011 in the gloom, each moment that passed making the situation more hopeless and despairing. We refused to abandon hope entirely, though for all we knew we wrere even now far out on the Cattegat. It was calm and still, no sounds to be heard but the low, harsh grinding of the ice. Suddenly a great bar of yellow light shone out in the darkness, dazzling our eyes with its brightness and shedding a golden pathway across the drift- ing ice. “ The island of Sprogo ! ” cried the captain, and the boatmen all shouted for joy. Then, in an instant, I knew where we were. The island and lighthouse of Sprogo stand at the northern entrance to the Great Belt, midway in the channel. Beyond it lies the Cattegat. I11	an instant the men had seized the oars, and with all their power tried to force the boat sideways against the ice. It was folly to attempt it. The oars were broken and split at once, and the boat swung back into the current with a jerk that nearly upset it. Then all shouted, for the island was only a few yards away, and in the gloom we saw figures moving to and fro at the foot of the lighthouse, and heard distinctly their answering hails. A fire was started, and as the flames danced among the rocks, we could almost count the moving blocks of ice that lay between us and the shore. Suddenly Captain Fane stood up in the end of the boat and addressed the men in a loud voice, waving his hands and pointing to the land. What he was saying Fred and I could not understand, for he spoke in the Danish tongue, but the men only hung their heads and made no reply. The captain hesitated a brief second, then, with a scornful gesture and without another word, he hastily snatched up a coil of rope from an open locker aud attached one end firmly to a great iron ring in the bow of the boat. He next coiled the rope up 011 the seat, aud taking the other end firmly in his hand stepped over the side 011 a great cake of ice that was float- ing past and started to make his way toward shore. No one raised a hand to stop him, and in horror we looked on while those 011 the beach gave one cheer and then watched him, too, in breathless silence.1104 LOST ON THE GREAT BELT. The fire crackled and roared merrily, and by its flickering light the brave captain stepped from cake to cake and coil after coil of the rope ran out. Once he slipped and tossed up his arms, but the block he was on bore him well, and he leaped in safety to the next one. Another and another was safely passed over, and now the shore seemed very near, and the eager watchers were close to the verge, ready to clutch the rope on which our very lives depended. But the treacherous current had swept us farther away, and even as he prepared for one final leap the last coil ran out, the rope tightened, and as the jerk came Captain Fane tossed up his arms and shot down among the ice blocks. I saw the water spurt up in the firelight; I remember the cry of horror and despair that rose from those on shore and the lost ones in the boat, and then I knew no more. ******* When consciousness came back to me, it was dark. The stars were hid, and the snow was falling again, while far in the distance a pale, faint gleam marked the sight of Sprogo Lighthouse. Fred was rubbing my face with snow, and the crew were sitting hopelessly on the mail bags. We were now far out on the Cattegat, for the ice had nearly vanished, only stray cakes floating along here and there, while in its place -sirere the black crested waves. I shuddered as I thought of the fate of Captain Fane, for I did not think it possible he could have been saved. It was the hunger and cold, together with the excitement, that had caused my fainting spell, and now, Fred, too, became weak, for it was early morning since either of us had tasted food. The horrors of that night are not to be described. It grew colder and colder, the wind blew, and the snow came down again in blinding squalls, while all the time we were moving farther and farther from all hope of rescue. The boatmen sat in a kind of stupor, talking among themselves in a strange tongue. At last we gave up. All hope was gone, and we must starve or freeze to death, unless, indeed, the boat would upset and make a speedy end of our sufferings. It was long after midnight, and already half stupefied we lay huddled up among the mail bags, when Fred raised his head and hoarsely whispered, “ Hark ! ” The boatmen, too, were roused, and listened eagerly, and above the wind I heard faintly a curious puffing sound. What it meant never flashed across me. It seemed to come nearer, and as we all rose to our feet a light flashed through the mist of snow—a faint, dusky gleam. We shouted with all our might, and, as if in answer to our cries, the great black hull of a steamboat loomed up out of the darkness, and her paddles churned the water into billows that tossed us to and fro. Again' and again we shrieked imploringly, but the black monster shot past, leaving us plunging about in its wake. Then the paddles ceased to revolve, and the vessel lay motionless on the sea, while dark forms appearedROMANCE VERSUS REALITY. 1105 on deck, and we heard voices calling loudly. The men sprang to the two remaining pairs of oars and bent to them with all their might. Slowly we drew near, voices called to us encouragingly, and then, as ropes were slung over the steamer’s side, we clambered up on deck. It was a government steamer, hunting up the scattered transport boats. By morning the ice was all out of the Great Belt, and we steamed slowly into the channel, stopping on the way at Sprogo Light to pick up a number of rescued transport passengers, and to our great surprise Captain Fane himself, who had made a miraculous escape. The same afternoon we landed at Korsor in safety. Two of the boats were never heard of again, but all the rest succeeded in reaching places of safety. Sterry Eger ton. ROMANCE versus REAEITY. I. Clarinda is my only muse, Small, seventeen, and sweet; She’s poetry from hat to shoes, And when her dainty feet— Iambics of the dearest kind— Peep out below her dress, Then rhymes begin to haunt my mind And sing her loveliness. II. She little guesses that her grace To such an art belongs, Or that the smiles that light her face Shine in a poet’s songs; Nor does she think, while I rehearse With all my heart astir Some pleasing smiles in verse, That they were caught from her. III. And so I woo with caramels At eighty cents a pound, And trust to have poetic spells The while I sit around; Then home I go and write a rhyme About my muse again, And find that eighty cents in time Will fetch me dollars ten. Walter H. Hanway. f j)MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF.* A breezy story of the Adirondacfcs—An ambitious young American’s struggle to solve.the mystery of his environment—The pitfalls set for him by his enemies, and his plucky fight for justice and the right. SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED. Clifton (commonly called “ Clipper ”) Graves, has lived with his mother in a cabin in the Adirondack wilderness as long as he can remember. One day, while out hunting with Stilt Buckram, an old guide, he finds a pocketbook containing $262. The name, Almon Gaybroon, is in it, whom Buckram declares to be one of the meanest men that ever came into the North Woods. But his whereabouts is unknown, and Clipper gives the pocketbook to his mother to keep until the owner can be found. Something in the name suggests the past to Mrs. Graves, and she is about to tell Clipper why his father buried himself in the wilderness where he finally died, when a flood sweeps away their cabin, and the mother is drowned. In digging about the ruins the next summer, Clipper unearths an old chest. He breaks it open and finds a package containing $20,000, together with a note signed by his own father, to the effect that the money is a portion of $70,000 stolen from the vault in the treasury of the city of Pinkingham. The docu- „ment further sets forth that David Graves is not the real name of its signer, which is to be found in a statement in the hands of his wife. This has been swept away in the flood. Meantime the summer season opens and one day, while out rowing 011 the lake, Clipper falls in with Perry Bunse, a New York boy, whose boat has been stolen from him by Fordy Gay- broon, who, with two of his friends, is camping out in the neighborhood. Clipper undertakes to get it back for him, and after a lively battle succeeds in doing this, but is eventually captured himself. Fordy announces his intention of “gridironing the young thief,” and treats him so roughly that his own followers interfere. The matter ends by Tom Little and Life Murkison going off to stay in Stilt Buckram’s cabin, where Buck Ward afterwards joins them. Meantime Perry Bunse’s father comes to the woods and Clipper learns that he was janitor of the bank at Pinkingham at the time of the robbery. He also learns that Mr. Gaybroon was treasurer of Pinkingham at the same period. A little later the Gaybroons find in the woods a green box in which Clipper’s mother had kept her combs, and from Buck’s report, Clipper (who now knows that his last name is Benedict) is convinced that the missing statement is in that box. During the Gaybroons’ absence he goes to their camp, accompanied by Mr. Bunse, to whom he has told his story, and possesses himself of the precious document. Soon afterwards they encounter the father and Son, both in a highly excited frame of mind, and Mr. Bunse declares that they may as well face the music there and then. Chapter XXXI.—A Suspension of Hostilities. |h ORD\ pulled with all his might, for he seemed to fear that Clipper would endeavor to keep out of his way ; but instead of doing so, the latter lay upon his oars, and allowed the pursuers to come alongside. “Clipper,” said Mr. Gaybroon, evidently struggling with his emotions, “ I went over to Flash River to see you.” “ I heard you were there, sir,” replied the hunter, respectfully. “ Since you have been away, I have carefully considered what has passed between Fordv and myself, 011 the one hand, and you, on the other, and I This story began m the October, 1896, issue of The Argosy. The five back numbers will be mailed to any address on receipt of 50 cents.MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1107 have come to the conclusion that we have been too hard upon you. I am sorry for it, and I ask your pardon. ’ ’ “ I say the same thing, Clipper,” added Fordy, though there was not a little of his former haughtiness in his manner. “I have no ill will against you, Mr. Gaybroon, or against Fordy,” re- plied Clipper, gently. ‘ ‘ I am as willing to be friends now as I was in the first of it.” “ Then we will consider that matter settled, and I hope we shall be good friends in the future,” added Mr. Gaybroon. “It will not be my fault if we are not,” replied the hunter. “ I have been trying to make a man of myself, and I don’t want to quarrel with any- body.” “ There is one other thing I want to talk over with you, Clipper,” con- tinued the ex-treasurer, trying to smile in the excitement that agitated him. “I hear that you are a very well educated young man; and, since your parents are both dead, it occurred to me that you might obtain a situation in Mendoro, where I live.” ‘ ‘ I had not thought of leaving the wilderness, ’ ’ answered Clipper. ‘ ‘ I am very well contented here.” “ But it is a great pity that a young man of your talent and ability should live alone in the woods, away from the advantages of society,” pleaded Mr. Gaybroon, in insinuating tones. “ It is time that you were doing something to make your fortune, and get settled in life.” “ I was thinking of that ver)’ thing myself,” added Mr. Bunse. “ It is a great pity for so good a boy as Clipper to waste his time in this savage life. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ It isn’t so savage but that you come here in the summer from the cities, ’ ’ said Clipper. “ It is a fine place to spend a few months in the summer ; but it is the rest of the year that I was thinking of,” added the hotel keeper. “You are almost alone here eight months of the year.” “I dare say you don’t go to church every Sunday, Clipper,” suggested Mr. Gaybroon, who thought, doubtless, that this was a great hardship, though he never entered a place of worship from one year’s end to the other. “ I have been to meeting in the school house, fifteen miles from here,” replied Clipper. “ I should be very glad to go to church every Sunday, if I got the chance. But we are not heatheu in the woods. My mother always gave me a Bible lesson every Sunday, and read sermons to me, so that I know what they are like.” “ I should like to talk with you alone, Clipper, about this and some other matters,” said Mr. Gaybroon, glancing at the ex-janitor. “I will see }?ou tomorrow, sir, when I come down from the castle,” replied the hunter, looking at Mr. Bunse, as if to ascertain whether or not he approved of such an appointment. “ Couldn’t you go over to the shanty with me this afternoon? No time is as good as the present,” added the ex-treasurer, with what was intended for a winning smile. *	‘ Why do you wish to see me alone, Mr. Gaybroon ? Mr. Bunse is a goodiioS MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. friend of mine, and knows all about my affairs,” inquired Clipper, thinking they were getting a little nearer to the point. “To be plain I want to ask you some questions about your mother that you may not like to answer before a third person. I think I was acquainted with your mother ; and if she is the lady I think she was, I can tell you something that will be greatly to your advantage ; in a word, something that may put you in possession of a very handsome little property. ’ ’ “ I will call at your camp tomorrow. I hope I shall be able to find a deer or two in the hills this afternoon. If I do, I will take some venison to you,” replied the hunter. Mr. Gaybroou was very anxious to have the interview that afternoon ; but Mr. Bunse and Clipper both persisted that they had business up the lake, and could not possibly attend to the matter then. The ex-treasurer was plainly very much disappointed ; but he finally said he would be at the shanty at ten the next forenoon. Clipper resumed his oars, and in a few minutes he was out of hearing of the other boat. “What do you make of that, Mr. Bunse?” asked Clipper, earnestly. “ He didn’t say a word about the valise or the statement.” ‘ ‘ I expected a warm time of it with him, and I was prepared to see him and his son resort to violence. It simply looks as though Gaybroou had hatched up some scheme to get out of the scrape,” replied the hotel keeper. “ He used to be a cunning man, as we may learn from the paper. Of course, you will not meet him alone at his camp ? ’ ’ “ Why not? I am not afraid of him, though I think I shall keep my rifle in my hand while the talk is going on.” “You may be tempted or compelled to shoot him, Clipper.” “ I dou’t believe I shall, for he will not dare to touch me while I have the shooter in my hand.” “ But you may fall in some trap set for you. Don’t you see that the man has motive enough to murder you ? You hold hts reputation and fortune in the hollow of your hand,” added Mr. Bunse, with energy. “ He means to buy you off, if he can ; and if he can’t, he will do the next thing ; and what that may be, I don’t know.” “ I don’t feel a bit worried about what he may do, now that I have the paper in my pocket. Isn’t it very strange he didn’t say anything about the tin box ? ’ ’ “ Very likely he has not discovered his loss yet. He went over to Camp Buckram to see you. On the whole, I don’t believe he knows the statement is not in his valise at this moment. He could not have seen us going to the shanty, could he?” continued Mr. Bunse, musing. “ He could not see us; and he could not have known before he returned that we had been there,” answered Clipper, positively. “ It don’t make any difference what he knows or what he don’t know. He wants the package of bills that is hidden at the castle; and he would be willing to give you any sum to get it, even if it were the whole twenty thousand dollars it contains.” “ But it is not his to give.”MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1109 “That wouldn’t make the least difference to him. You will have a chance to make a man of yourself before you get through this business. I never before heard of a boy like you being tempted with such a sum of money; and if you come out right, you will be a full fledged man. Good Heaven ! You have the money now, and you could go to parts unknown, and be a rich man for the rest of your lifetime. You needn’t stop to dicker with Mr. Gaybroon about it, either.” ‘ ‘ Do you think that, after my father and mother had kept that money so many years, I would touch it? ” demanded Clipper, with some indignation in his tones and manner. “ It amazes me, my dear boy, that you haven’t gone off with it,” added Mr. Bunse, with enthusiasm. “ Your father knew the worth of money, if you do not, here in the woods; and how he kept twenty thousand dollars hid in the ground for years without spending a penny, is the wonder of the age.” “ My father was an honest man.” ‘ ‘ And his son is as honest as he was. But I am boiling over with anxiety to know if the money is where you put it, Clipper. After we have looked things over up here, we shall know better what to do.” By this time the boat was at the head of navigation. Clipper and Mr. Bunse landed, and the boat was carried up to the ford, for this was the quickest way to reach the castle. When they left the boat it was not thought necessary to conceal the Lucy, and they hastened up the hill to the shop. “ What’s that? ” asked Mr. Bunse, as they read the sign which Clipper had placed 011 the door, ‘ ‘ Enter not ! Beware of spring guns ! ’ ’ “ The door is still locked,” added Clipper, as he tried it, and then inserted the key. He only looked in. “ Everything is just as I left it, and they have not been in.” “ It would take some pluck to try to open that door while that warning is posted on it,” added the hotel keeper. “ Mr. Gaybroon is more afraid of a gun than he is of the Evil One,” said Clipper, as he ran down the hill to tlie site of the cabin. ‘ ‘ They have done a good deal of hard work here, ’' continued Mr. Bunse. The ex-treasurer aud his son had dug the ground over in the most thorough manner. They had turned up the earth over a space four times as large as the site of the cabin. Why they found nothing was patent to the observers, and they hastened back to the castle, where Clipper began to tear up the faced logs that formed the floor of the shop. Chapter XXXII.—The Cashier’s Written Statement. “ I am sure it is all right, Mr. Bunse,” said Clipper, when he reached the earth under the shop, and saw that it had not been disturbed. ‘ * Shall I dig up the package ? ” “ If you are perfectly sure it is there, we won’t disturb it at present,” replied Mr. Bunse. “ I am sure the ground has not been touched. If they didn’t come into the shop they couldn’t have got at it.”IIIO MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. “ I want to know what is in the statement before we do anything more,” added the hotel keeper, as he assisted in replacing the floor of the shop. It isn't possible that Fordy could have followed us up here, and seen us take up the floor, is it, Clipper? ” “ They couldn’t have got up here by this time, for when we were off Cape Island they were near the head of Peach Bay. But I think we had better go out doors, so that we can see or hear the approach of any person. ’ ’ They went out of the shop, Clipper locking the door, and seated them- selves on a log on the bank of the river. Any visitor who did not cross the stream at the ford would have to come up the other side. Clipper took the important document from his pocket and unfolded it. It was in the form of a letter addressed to Clifton Benedict. But it was a very long and minute account of the transaction at the City Hall in Pinkingham, “Then your name is not Clipper, but Clifton,” said Mr. Bunse. “ Let me look at the paper before you begin to read it; ” and Clifton passed it to him. “It is signed by your father, and I know it is in his handwriting.” Only the substance of the paper need be given. Leon Benedict was the cashier in the office of the treasurer of the city. About six months before the robbery of the vault, an unreasonable creditor had pressed him hard to pay a bill of fifty dollars. He had not the money by him then, though he had three hundred dollars in the savings bank. He could not draw the money that day, and the creditor threatened to trustee his salary. He was a timid man, and he took a fifty dollar bill from the drawer of the treasurer and paid the bill. The next day he drew the monej^, and restored the sum he had taken. At this point the cashier enlarged at great length upon the folly of taking the money in his charge even for a single day. He cautioned his sou never to do such a thing as his father had done. If he took the money once or a dozen times, and returned it, each time opened the way fora repetition of the dangerous experiment. There was something peculiar about the fifty dollar bill Mr. Benedict had paid to his creditor. The next day, after the cashier had restored the amount he had borrowed, and had gone to dinner, the same bill came back, iu pay- ment for an ordinary tax. Mr. Gaybroon, who was at the counter, identified it. He inquired where the taxpayer had obtained it, and ascertained that it had been paid to him by Mr. Benedict, and he had seen him take it from the drawer. The treasurer charged the cashier with the theft. The latter was over- whelmed with terror. He explained the matter, and stated that he had re- stored the amount. A count of the cash assured Mr. Gaybroou that his funds were all right. But the treasurer was merciless with his tongue, and the employe believed that he was ruined. It was a trivial fault, but in a public position it was enough to blast his reputation. The cashier pleaded for himself and his family; and at last the treasurer appeared to relent, and promised not to expose him. The writer of the state- ment declared that this event was only the introduction and preparation for a more serious one.MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. mi A rebate on the taxes paid before a certain day was allowed in the city. On the last day of grace a very large amount was paid into the treasury. All in the office were exceedingly busy, and the treasurer declared that he had not time to make up his deposit before the bank closed. After shutting up the money was counted, and a package of seventy thousand dollars was made up, and put in the vault by Mr. Gaybroon himself. “ I remember it well,” said Mr. Bunse. “ I heard him say that one bundle contained fifty thousand, and the other twenty thousand, each to go to a different bank the next day. Your father was going to start to see his uncle in Vermont the next morning, and had brought his trunk to the office, for he lived a little way out of the city.” Mr. Benedict said that his wife and child were to go with him, and remain at his uncle’s for some time. He had been waiting till the hurry was over, and it ended on that last day of grace to the taxpayers. On account of the large sum in the vault Mr. Gaybroon had requested the cashier and the janitor to watch in the office that night. “ That’s the point ! Now he’s coming to it ! ” exclaimed the ex-janitor, impatiently. The cashier put some things into the trunk, and went to his supper about six, leaving the treasurer and the janitor in the office. He did not notice that he had left the key in the trunk until his return. He did not know what had happened in his absence. “ I know what happened ! ” ejaculated Mr. Bunse. “ But goon!” Mr. Benedict remained with the janitor all night; and he was sure the vault was not opened while he was there. In the morning, after Mr. Gay- broon came to the office, he had gone out for his breakfast. His wife had come in a carriage, and they had started on their journey. “I remember it all as though it were only yesterday,” added the hotel keeper. ‘ ‘ What I did not understand then I understand perfectly now. ’ ’ The cashier went to Burlington, where he remained over night. He was to take a stage in the morning for the home of his uncle. In the evening he had occasion to repack his trunk, and in the bottom of it he found the package of twenty thousand dollars, which he and the treasurer had made up for deposit. It was done up in a handkerchief, which bore the name of “A. Gaybroon.” “ Now you come to it, Clipper,” said Mr. Bunse, so excited by the nar- rative that he could hardly keep his seat on the log. The cashier described his feelings at great length when he discovered the money in his trunk. He was as nearly distracted and insane as he could be. It was strange that the telegraph had not already flashed the news of his crime and caused his arrest. The money would be found upon him and he would be ruined. He realized that the treasurer was the robber. He had taken the fifty thousand dollar package, and placed the other where it would convict the cashier. It was a conspiracy. The fact that he had once taken fifty dollars from the drawer would be brought out now. The treasurer could swear to it, and the cashier could not deny it.III2 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. Mr. Benedict was overwhelmed by the perils of the situation in which he found himself placed. He felt certain that he should be convicted of the crime. He lost his courage ; he became as weak morally as a child in the cradle. He told his wife all about it. She counselled him to put the money in the safe of the hotel and hasten back to Pinkington. He had not the pluck to do it. The treasurer was the robber aud was sure to overwhelm him. ‘ ‘ What a pity he did not take the advice of your mother ! ’ ’ exclaimed Mr. Bunse. “ If I had known then what I know now, Gaybroon would at this moment be serving out his sentence in the State prison.” The cashier in his paper condemned himself because he had not followed the advice of his wife. The memory of his first “trivial fault” haunted him, and prevented him from being a true man. He changed his plans at once, and in another hour he and his little family were on .the train hurrying to the north. From St. Alban’s Bay he took a steamer to Plattsburgh, and from there fled into the Adirondack woods, where he had established himself on the bank of the Smoker River. He had brought the money with him, and buried it under his house when he had built one. Every year he had intended to go out and seek the means of establishing his innocence, as well as to restore the money to the city. But he had never had the courage to face the consequences. If he could find the janitor of the City Hall he thought he could prove that the vault had not been opened during the night; and the restoration of the money would tell in his favor. The statement instructed his sou what to do and how to do it. He was to find John Bunse, but, above all, he was to restore the money in tlfe original handkerchief in which it was inclosed. “Your father was as innocent of that robbery as you are, Clipper,” ex- claimed the hotel keeper. “If he had only come to me ! ’ ’ “Do you know anything more than is stated in this paper?” asked Clifton, not less excited than his companion. “Do I know anything more? I saw Gaybroon open that trunk which belonged to your father, and take the tray out, while there was a package done up in a white handkerchief on the floor by his side !” replied Mr. Bunse, springing to his feet, and using some very energetic gestures. “ And you have kept still about it all this time ! ” demanded Clifton. “ How could I know what was in that package? I didn’t even think of it again until the next day,” protested the hotelkeeper. “ Now hear my story, for your father did not know all that happened, nor anything after he left. ’ ’ Clifton was all attention. Chapter XXXIII.—The Night Watch in the Treasury. “ Let me look at that paper a moment, Clipper,” said Mr. Bunse, before he began his statement. The hotel keeper looked the paper over for a few minutes in silence, evi- dently trying to find something which Clifton had read.MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1113 “Here it is; your father says he went to supper about six, leaving the treasurer and the janitor in the office,” said he, when he had found the place. ‘1 The safe had not been closed when the cashier left. Your father had not been gone five minutes before Gaybroon went into the vault. ‘ ‘ He came out in half a minute with a large leather satchel in his hand, iu which he carried papers and money about town. He threw it carelessly into a chair and locked the vault. He fussed some time with the key at the lock. *	‘ He acted a little nervous and strange to me. He walked up and down the room half a dozen times, and then looked at his watch. Still holding it in his hand, he told me I had better go to supper. I left the office and shut the door after me; but by the time I reached the street door, I happened to think I had left a bundle which had come that day by express for my wife. “ I went back after it. It was a sash door opening from the hall, and I could see through into the front of the office. Your father’s trunk was in the corner opposite the door. Gaybroon had opened it and was taking out the tray. On the floor at his side was a package done up in a white hand- kerchief. Just then Gaybroon began to get up, and I moved out of sight, for I didn’t care to have him see me watching him.” “ Didn’t you go in ? ” asked Clifton, breathless with interest. “ I heard his step iu the office and I walked out to the door by the street. I had no more suspicion that anything was out of the way, my dear boy, than I had that the sky would fall. I only wondered what he was doing in your father’s trunk. I did not want to lose my place, and I couldn’t afford to quarrel with the treasurer. “ But a minute later I decided to go back and get my bundle. When I opened the door Gaybroon was just shutting down the lid of the trunk. He spoke to me, and wanted to know what that trunk was brought to the office for. I explained that the cashier was going off with his wife and child the next morning, ‘ ‘ Gaybroon said the trunk might j ust as well have been brought down by the carriage in which his wife and child came to the station. Then he said he believed it was brought there for some bad purpose, and he had been look- ing to see what there was in it. “ I asked him if he had found anything in it that didn’t belong there. Then he told me that he had some doubts about the cashier’s honesty, and he wanted to make sure that there was no money in it that belonged to the city. I took my bundle and weut to my supper. I wasn’t gone fifteen minutes, for I lived close to the City Hall. “ When I got back, the treasurer was alone; but Mr. Benedict came in a few minutes. Mr. Gaybroori picked up the daily papers in the office, put them into the satchel, and left. He often carried the bag home with him, for he said he worked on his papers in the evening. Before he went he charged the cashier and me to keep a sharp lookout; and when he had gone, I locked the street door and the inside one.” “ Didn’t you say anj^thing to my father about the treasurer opening his trunk?” asked Clifton.I»14 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. ‘ ‘ Bless you, no, my dear boy ! Your father was as sensitive as a spring- chicken; and it would have made him feel bad for a year if he had known that Gaybroon suspected him of anything,” replied Mr. Bunse, warmly. “ The treasurer told me he found nothing in the trunk, and that was enough for me. I looked upon your father as a very fine man, and I wouldn’t have hurt his feelings for a hundred dollars. Your father went to his trunk, fussed awhile at it, and then locked it up. This time he put the key into his pocket. ‘ ‘ We talked about the business of the day for a while, and then he began to gape, for .he was very tired. I told him it was no use for both of us to keep awake all night. One of us might just as well sleep while the other kept watch. We hoisted a big sofa, so heavy it was all both of us could do to lift it, in front of the door of the vault. Your father went to sleep on it ; and he did not wake till the clock on the City Hall struck two. Then I took a nap till six. We put the sofa back in its place. No one could have opened the door of the vault while it was in front of it.” “ But when was the money taken out ? ” asked Clifton. “ I couldn’t have told you then, but I can now,” replied Mr. Bunse, with his teeth grating together. “ Gaybroon took it before he closed the vault.” “ When he came out of the vault with the satchel, you mean? ” “To be sure. That was the last time the vault was opened till the lock- smith opened it. Gaybroon came to the office before the cashier left, and wished him a pleasant journey. At nine o’clock, when the treasurer went to 'open the vault, he could not turn the key. We all tried our hands at it, but the door could not be opened. All the locksmiths in town tried to get it open, and failed. We telegraphed to New York City for the maker of the lock, and he arrived the next morning. “ He fished out a piece of iron that had been dropped into the keyhole, and then opened the door with Gaybroon’s key. Then the treasurer dis- covered that the two packages containing the seventy thousand dollars were gone. Of course there was a big outcry at once. The cashier was gone, and nobody but he could have taken the monejr. ‘ ‘ The treasurer telegraphed to the place in Vermont where the cashier had gone ; but he had not been there. Officers were put upon his track, and he was traced to Burlington, where he had taken a train going north. He had left the train at St. Albans. There they lost him. Descriptions of him were sent to Montreal and Quebec.” “What did Mr. Gaybroon say? ” asked Clifton. ‘ ‘ He said the same that everybody else did. When the cashier could not be found, nobody doubted that he had taken the money.” “ Didn’t you doubt it, Mr. Bunse?” “ To tell you the truth, my dear boy, I did not. I couldn’t explain it in any other way. Tasked Gaybroon if he had not searched the trunk ; and he told me he had, but he had not done it thoroughly. He felt very bad because he had not looked at its contents more carefully. He asked me not to say that he had looked into the trunk. I did not want to lose my place, and I kept still.”MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1115 “ But you knew that the vault had not been opened in the absence of the treasurer,” suggested Clifton. “ Of course I believed he had taken the packages before the treasurer went into the vault. If I had read this statement then, I should have known better. The cashier was never found. Gaybroon resigned soon after. Within a year a hundred dollar bill was brought into the office, which the owner was willing to swear he had paid into the treasury for his taxes on the last daj' of grace. “ This bill was traced to Gaybroon. He had received it for his salary on that very daj-, and had kept it nearly a year. Soon after he moved to Meudoro ; and I did not see him again till I met him at the Plainbridge Hotel. “ I went into the hotel business in New York soon after. But that bill, traced to feaybroon, opened my eyes. I went over the whole of it with my wife that night ; but the more we talked about the matter, the more strange it seemed to me. “The fact that the cashier did not come back, that nothing could be ascertained in regard to him, made it look very bad for him. If he had re- turned, he and I could have proved that Gaybroon stole the money. He was the last man in the vault before it was closed. I know now that he put the two packages of bills into his satchel. One of them lie placed in your father’s trunk, and the other he carried away when he left. All this is very clear to me now.” ‘ ‘ I wrish he had gone back when my mother advised him to do so, ’ ’ said . Clifton, sadly. “ It can’t be helped now, though it was a bad mistake. But is the hand- kerchief with the package now ? ’ ’ asked Mr. Bunse. ‘ ‘ I did not see the handkerchief, but there are plenty of old rags in the box with the money. What shall we do next? ” “It is hard to say what we ought to do next, my dear boy,” replied the hotel keeper, as he looked over the statement again. “ We know the truth now, but the question is what can be proved.” “ Don’t my father’s statement prove anything ? ” “ I don’t know whether it would be admitted as evidence or not,” replied Mr. Bunse, as he looked over the leaves of the paper. “ Why, what is this ? ‘ Subscribed and sworn to ; ’ here is the name of Squire Gifford ! Your father must have taken this instrument to him.” Clifton looked at the paper again. ‘ ‘ What we are to do is very plain now, ’ ’ added the hotel keeper. ‘ ‘ We will see Squire Gifford in the morning, and take his advice,” added Mr. Bunse, evidently greatly relieved. They slept in the shop that night, and the next morning the box was . taken from its hiding place. The old rags were carefully examined, and the white handkerchief of the treasurer was found to be the last envelope of the bills. Taking the package with them, they hastened to the hotel, where Squire Gifford was found. He had not read the statement, though it had beenIil6 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. sworn to before him. It was decided that Clifton should keep his appoint- ment, and he went alone to the shanty, though he carried his rifle with him. Chapter XXXIV.—The Meeting at the Shanty. Clifton was not exactly pleased with the idea of confronting Mr. Gay- broon and his son alone at the shanty under the present circumstances; but he had promised to do so and he felt obliged to keep his word. As he landed on the shore, he was rather surprised to see a carriage with two horses stand- ing near the camp. The team was tied to a tree, and it looked as though it was there for a purpose. He landed and drew his boat upon the shore, but he saw nothing of Mr. Gaybroon and Fordy. He walked towards the shanty, but before he could reach it he saw both of them come out, loaded with baggage. The moment they saw him they retreated to the house again with their loads. It looked as though they were preparing to leave. Clifton had come a full half hour before the appointed time, for he did not know the hour when he left the hotel. By this time he did not believe Mr. Gaybroon was very anxious to find a situation for him in Mendoro, or in any other place, or that he felt any great interest in his moral and spiritual welfare. The first thing Clifton did was to wonder why the father and son had retreated to the shanty as soon as they saw him. If they wanted to leave they had a perfect right to do so, it was nobody’s business but their own. He concluded that Fordy must feel very homesick, since all his friends, upon whom he had relied for a good time, had deserted him. But Mr. Gaybroon soon appeared at the door of the shanty. He walked down to the place where Clifton stood leaning upon his rifle. The latter thought it very strange that Fordy did not come with him, but presently he saw him carrying a valise to the carriage. It was no use to at- tempt to conceal what had already been disclosed. “ You are ahead of time, Clipper; but I am glad to see you,” said Mr. Gaybroon, trying to smile. “ But why did you bring that rifle with you? ” “ I generally carry it with me when I go any where. I am a hunter, and I sometimes see a deer or some other game, and I like to be ready,” replied Clifton. “ I received a letter from home last night, and I must be there as soon as possible. Fordy’s friends are all down upon him, and he has decided to go with me,” continued Mr. Gaybroon. “ Have you thought of what I said to you yesterday afternoon ? ’ ’ “ I have thought about it, and I talked with Mr. Bunse this morning on the subject. I don’t think I shall stay in the woods another winter, but I am not ready to go yet.” ‘ ‘ The situation I spoke to you about is in my office in Mendoro; you are just the person I want, and I will give you ten dollars a week all the year round. I will do everything in my power to make it pleasant and happy for you. ”MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1117 “I think I will not go at present,” replied Clifton, who knew that this was not the business of the interview. “ Do you think you can make as much money as that here in the woods, Clipper?” asked Mr. Gaybroon. “ I know I can’t, sir; but I don’t want to leave now, and you seem to be all ready to go.” ‘‘We must start very soon in order to get the train to Ogdensburg. You seem to be well dressed this morning. After a week or two you can come up and settle your affairs. ’ ’ “I think I won’t go today, sir,” persisted the hunter. “ I shouldn’t want to go off without saying a word to Stilt Buckram.” “ You can see him when you come up again.” Mr. Gaybroon continued to argue the matter, but it was clear enough that he had no interest in what he was talking about. Clifton expected him to lead the conversation in some manner to the statement of the cashier, but he did not hint at it. While he was waiting for this topic to be touched upon, he saw Fordy driving the two horses attached to the carriage furiously down toward the lake. He was sitting upon the front seat, but he was leaning forward, as if he was reaching for something, and it looked as though something was the matter. “ Stop them ! stop them ! ” shouted Fordy, as the team approached to the spot where his father stood. “They are running away with him ! ” exclaimed Mr. Gaybroon, appar- ently very much alarmed. ‘ ‘ Fordy is careless, and he has dropped the reins. He will be killed ! ” “ I can stop the horses easily enough,” replied Clifton. But whatever Fordy was doing to recover the reins, it was plain that it frightened the horses, and they increased their speed as they approached the water. Clifton dropped his rifle, for he needed both hands, so that he could grasp the bridle of each horse. The moment Clifton threw his rifle upon the ground, Mr. Gaybroon picked it up, and tossed it out into the deep waters of the lake. The horses were not half so furious as they had appeared to be a moment before. In fact they stopped as soon as the hunter went in front of them. Mr. Gaybroon had gone behind Clifton to pick up the rifle. As soon as he had tossed it into the lake, he sprang upon his victim. The dangerous weapon was out of the way, and there was no longer any especial danger in attacking the hunter, which was, plainty enough now, the program for the occasion. The ex-treasurer threw his arms around the shoulders of Clifton, and then dropped upon the ground so that his foe should fall under him. Fordy leaped down from the carriage, and produced some small ropes, with which he and his father secured the wrists of the prisoner. Then his ankles were tied together. Beneath the heavy form of Mr. Gaybroon, Clifton found it impossible to make any resistance. He was bound hand and foot. When he saw the rifleiii8 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. splash in the water, and that the horses were not half so spirited as they had appeared to be, he began to comprehend why his persecutor had desired to see him alone. His captors afforded him no time for consideration, but immediately hoisted him into the vehicle, and placed him upon the back seat. Mr. Gay- broon took the place by his side, and Fordy, having recovered the reins, which he had thrown out, drove up to the shanty. His father asked to see if anything had been left, and then to lock the door. Fordy obeyed, and when the door of the shanty was secured, he took his place on the front seat, and drove off. The valises and other baggage had been stowed away in the vehicle, and it was evident that the shantyites had taken final leave of the camp and the wilderness. Clifton saw that it was useless to have any words with his captors; if they did not insult and abuse him with their lawless tongues, he did not believe that he could obtain any intimation of their intentions from them. “ What time is it, father? ” asked Fordy, when he had driven almost to the road. “ It is just ten,” replied Mr. Gaybroon, after he had looked at his watch. “ We have twenty five miles to go; but the first train we can reach goes at ten forty three.” “ But we must hurry up, or they may catch us,” added Fordy, nervously. “ Who will catch us? No one knows what w'e are about.” ‘ ‘ Some one may have seen us. ’ ’ “ Of course the}7 will know at the stable that we were going; but Clipper is not in the way of telling anybody that he went with us. ’ ’ Mr. Gaybroon chuckled as though he thought the departure had been well managed. Presently he took from his pocket a flask, and filling the cup full of whiskey, he drank it off. The carriage came to the road, and took the way to the north. The hotel was in the opposite direction. When the carriage had gone about ten miles, Mr. Gaybroon told his son to turn into a road that led into the woods, saying that this was as good a place as any. Half a mile from the highway, the carriage stopped, and Mr. Gaybroon got out, dragging his prisoner after him. ‘ ‘ Now Clipper, I want that paper your father wrote, ’ ’ said the ex- treasurer. “ I haven’t it with me,” replied the victim. His persecutor did not wait to hear anything more, but proceeded to search him. He handled him very roughly; but he found nothing. He vented his rage in heavy oaths, and then took another heavy dram from his bottle. During the ride of ten miles, which had taken two hours and a half, Clifton had been at work on the cords that bouud his wrists. Fordy had tied them together, and he had done it in a very bungling manner. He had suc- ceeded in loosening them enough to enable him to slip out his hands. While his persecutor was taking his dram, Clifton drew out his hands. Taking his knife from his pocket, he cut the lines on his ankles, and he was free._ He did not stop to speak a word, but ran with all his might back toMAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1119 the main road. Before he reached it, he heard the rattle of wheels. He increased his speed, and reached the highway before the carriage. It contained Clayton, Mr. Bunse, and Squire Gifford. Chapter XXXV.—The Guests of the City. “ Oh, Cliftou, my dear boy ! ” exclaimed Mr. Bunse. “ I was afraid some- thing terrible had happened to you. Where is Gaybroon? ” In as few words as possible, Clifton told what had transpired at the shanty, and in the woods from which he had just come. Mr. Gaybroon had chased him, but he was too tipsy to make any great speed. The road in the forest had not been wide enough for Ford}7 to turn the carriage, and he had probably gone to fiu?l a better place. “How do you happen to be here, Mr. Bunse !” asked Clifton. “You could not have known what Mr. Gaybroon meant to do with me. ’ ’ “ I did not. After he had read the statement, and heard all I had to say about it, Squire Gifford was satisfied that Gaybroon robbed the treasury of the city of Piukingham ; and he thought the evidence would convict him, though your father’s statement is not worth the paper it is written on iu court,” replied the hotel keeper. “ But the testimony of Mr. Bunse and your own, I think, will enable the government to make out a pretty strong case,” added Squire Gifford. “ At any rate, I mean to have him arrested as a suspicious person, and telegraph to the police of Pinkingham.” 1 ‘ But how happened you to think that he had gone this way ? ’ ’ asked Clifton. ‘ ‘ I did not expect anybody to come after me ; and Mr. Gaybroon could not, or he would not have stopped so long in the woods.” ‘ ‘ Squire Gifford sent for Clayton to make the arrest, and we were all going over to the shanty together, for I was rather afraid they would do you harm. Then Clayton told us he had let a double team to Gaybroon to go to Malone. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ He told me he had a letter the night before which required him to get home as soon as possible,” added Clayton. “ It was half past ten when we got to the camp,” continued Mr. Bunse. “ The shanty was locked and 110 one was to be seen. Then I began to sus- pect that the carriage was to carry you off, my dear boy. Clayton has his fast horses, and we have made good time 011 the road. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ Hark ! I hear the carriage ! ’ ’ interposed the stable keeper. Clayton had already driven his team into the woods, and fastened the horses to a tree, where it could not be seen by the Gaybroons. The whole party retired behind a clump of bushes, and in silence awaited the arrival of the vehicle. “ We shall not see anything more of him,” said Mr. Gaybroon, as Fordy stopped the horses. “ You were stupid that you did not tie his hands properly. ’ ’ “ I did the best I could,” replied Fordy sourly, for he did not allow any one, not even his father, to find fault with him, or call him hard names. “ I1120 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. wasn’t stupid enough to steal seventy thousand dollars, and then throw away twenty thousand dollars of it. ’ ’ Clayton nudged Clifton, who was standing next to him. The officer took out his memorandum book, and made a note of the remark of Fordy. “ It was not stupid, my son ! ” protested the father warmly; and it was evident that this point had been discussed before. “ Don’t I tell you that I could hold on to the fifty thousand dollars only by fastening the robbery on the cashier.” Clayton wrote as fast as he could, and soon had the very words of the ex- treasurer down in his book. “ What shall we do now ? ” growled Fordy. “ You might as well look for a needle at the bottom of the lake as to try to find Clipper in these woods. ’ ’ ‘‘We must go back again. Clipper has the statement and the twenty thousand dollars, and we must get them both, or get him,” replied the father. “ I don’t believe Clipper knows where the money is. We had the paper, but we couldn’t find the chest with the package in it,” argued Fordy. “ I’m not going back again ! ’ ’ ‘‘But, Fordy, it is utter ruin to me to leave things as they are now,” added Mr. Gaybroon, as he produced his flask again. He was so tipsy now that he appeared to have lost all caution, though if he had been entirely sober, he could have had no suspicion that any listeners were near. A very angry discussion between the father and son followed, and while it was in progress, the party stepped out of the bushes, and con- fronted the bank robber. Mr. Bunse rushed to the heads of the horses, and took them by the bridles. Clayton approached the carriage on one side, and Squire Gifford on the other. Mr. Gaybroon’s chin seemed to drop down a couple of inches when he saw his carriage surrounded in this manner. Fordy was astonished, but he was the cooler of the two. Neither of them appeared to understand what it all meant. “ What do you want? What do you mean by this outrage?” demanded Mr. Gaybroon, whose tones were rather thick since his last dram. “ We mean to arrest you for the robbery of the vault of the city of Pink- ingham,” replied Clayton. “ Arrest me?” exclaimed the ex-treasurer, aghast at the announcement. “ That was eight years ago, and the man that did it fled to foreign parts.” “ So we all read in the newspapers at the time,” added Squire Gifford. “We believed it then, but we don’t believe it now.” ‘ ‘ Have you a warrant for my arrest ? ’ ’ inquired Mr. Gaybroon, in tremb- ling tones. “Not yet, but we will have the warrant in due time,” answered the squire. ‘ ‘ I think we might as well proceed to Malone without any further delay. There is no lack of evidence now. Where is Clipper ? ’ ’ “I sent him back to see that my horses didn’t run away,” replied Clayton, with a significant wink. The party from the lake had brought the package of bills, and it was under the back seat of their carriage. Clifton had been sent back to see thatMAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1121 nothing happened to it. The officer gave a long whistle, and the hunter drove the other team to the spot. “ Gentlemen, you are making a terrible mistake,” said Mr. Gaybroon, in shaky tones. “ Don’t you see that what you say is quite impossible? ” “ I don’t see it. If I were the government attorney, I should believe I had a first rate case,” added the squire. ‘‘If you have any objection to being committed to Malone jail on the charge of robbing the treasury of Pinkingham, perhaps I can make it pleasanter for you by causing your arrest for an assault upon Clifton Benedict.” “That’s Clipper, I suppose,” said Fordy, as the hunter drove the other team up to the place where the party were. " That’s what he used to be called ; but I give him his right name.” “ He is a villain, and if we don’t get even with him yet, it will be because I don’t live long enough. Do you mean to say that you are going to arrest my father for a crime committed by Clipper’s father? ” “ Not at all ; we are going to arrest him for a crime your father com- mitted, and I am very sorry he has not done better by you in precept and example. ’ ’ “ I think we had better be moving on,” Clayton interposed. “I will drive this team, so that I can be with my prisoner, and Clipper shall sit beside him. I,et Fordy ride with you in the other carriage with the squire and Mr. Bunse.” “ I am going to ride with my father,” protested Fordy. “ Ride in the other carriage or we will leave you here,” replied the officer. “ We don’t want anything of you, and don’t care whether you go with us or not.” Fordy concluded not to make any trouble under these circumstances, and took his place by the side of the squire. Clayton started his team. Mr. Gaybroon did what other men in trouble have done; he comforted himself with the bottle in his pocket; and when the party stopped at Ayres’ for din- ner, he was too tipsy to think of escaping, if there had been any chance for him to do so. Towards night the party arrived at Malone, and the ex-treasurer was committed to the county jail to await the arrival of officers from Pinkingham. The squire telegraphed that the crime could be proved, and that the son of the cashier would arrive on the following evening. By the night train Mr. Bunse and Clifton proceeded to Ogdensburg, and arrived at Pinkingham at the time stated. The ex-janitor had the package of bills in his lap during the entire journey, and held on to it even when he took his meals. On their arrival they hastened to the City Hall, where they found the mayor and most of the city officials. “ You give us most astounding news,” said Colonel Brockway, the chair- man of the finance committee, after Mr. Bunse and Clifton had introduced themselves. “So I should say. Here is the first piece of evidence,” replied Mr. Bunse, as he laid the package upon the table in the treasury office. “ I am glad to get rid of the responsibility of it. Here is the statement of L,eonI 122 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. Benedict, the cashier. You can read it while his son and I go to the hotel and get some supper.” Mr. Bunse delivered the package to Colonel Brockway, desiring him not to open it until his return. One of the officials took them to the hotel, and informed the landlord that they were the guests of the city. Chapter XXXVI.—Good By to the Wilderness. When “ the guests of the city ” returned to the treasury office, they found that Colonel Brockway had read the statement aloud. “ This is good, as far as it goes, but it won’t prove that Gaybroon robbed the vault,” said the chairman of the committee. “ I am aware of that, sir; but I was the janitor of the building, and watched here with the cashier on the night that the vault is said to have been robbed,” replied Mr. Bunse. “ I can tell what I saw and know.” It required two hours to go over the whole matter. The package was opened, and the handkerchief in which Mr. Gaybroon had inclosed the bundle, before he put it in the trunk, was produced. Not one of the officials suggested a doubt as to the guilt of the ex-treasurer ; but some of them were lawyers, and were not clear that the crime could be proved, since the affidavit of the deceased cashier could hardly be admitted as evidence. “Then we shall prove it by Gaybroon’s own confession,” replied Mr. Bunse stoutly. “ We can bring four witnesses who heard him admit that he robbed the vault, and gave up twenty thousand so that he could keep the other fifty.” “We do not doubt the truth of the statement; and we have sent two officers with a warrant to bring Gaybroon to Pinkingham on the strength of what you telegraphed,” replied Colonel Brockway. “Instead of being a thief the cashier appears to have been a man of the most remarkable honesty. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ He was an honest and true man, and it is a great pity that he was so timid,” added Mr. Bunse. “ He taught his son that the chief business of a boy was to make a man of himself ; and Clifton is as honest as his father was. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ The young man has made a splendid record for himself, and as he is an orphan now, I hope he will make his home in Pinkingham. Such a young fellow as he is will find plenty of friends here,” added the mayor. “ He has put twenty thousand dollars in the treasury of the city, whatever becomes of Gaybroon.” “We shall call on the bondsmen of Gaybroon for the rest of the seventh- thousand, ’ ’ said Colonel Brockway. “ As you are one of them, Mr. Mayor, I advise you to attach Gaybroon’s property iu Mendoro.” “ I shall do it,” replied the mayor. But nothing more could be done until the arrival of the prisoner. During the following day Clifton made a great many acquaintances, and found himself to be an object of no little curiosity. In fact, he was the lion of the day. In the evening, when Mr. Gaybroon arrived, attended by the officers who had been sent for him, and by Clayton, there was another conference.MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. 1123 ■ “ Gentlemen, you have been imposed upon,” said the prisoner, who was entirely sober now, when the subject was opened. “ An unparalleled outrage has been perpetrated on me, and I shall look to you, gentlemen, for heavy damages, for my character is not a thing to be trifled with. ” “ Mr. Gaybroon, we have proceeded with due caution, and we are respon- sible for our actions. We shall look to your bondsmen for the fifty thousand dollars of the city’s funds you have appropriated to your own use,” replied Colonel Brockway. “ You have caused my arrest on the strength of a statement which appears to be signed by the person who committed this robbery. There is no other evidence,” replied Mr. Gaybroon, who had certainly braced himself up a good deal since his rations of whiskey had been stopped. “ No court will receive that statement as evidence.” “ We do not propose to ask any court to receive it.” “ The boy who brings that paper here got into a quarrel with my son, in which I found it necessary to take a hand. I don’t know that Clipper did not write the statement himself. ’ ’ ‘‘Don’t you know that it was subscribed and sworn to before a magis- trate ? ’ ’ demanded the chairman. ‘ ‘ But the statement is supported by the return of twenty thousand dollars, which the cashier sacredly preserved.” “ Returned ! ” gasped Mr. Gaybroon, from whom all the facts had been carefully withheld. ‘ ‘ Can you tell how this package of money happened to be done up in a handkerchief, with the name of ‘A. Gaybroon ’ written upon it ? We pro- pose to produce the handkerchief in court, if we don’t the statement.” “ This is a conspiracy to ruin me ! ” groaned Mr. Gaybroon. “ The vault was not opened from the time you locked it till you came to the office the next morning,” said Mr. Bunse, so excited that he could not keep still any longer. ‘ ‘ I saw you at the trunk, with the package of bills 011 the floor at your side. At least it was a package just the size of the bundle I brought here yesterday, and was done up in a white handkerchief.” “ This is a conspiracy ! ” whined the culprit. “ Do you suppose, if I was wicked enough to steal seventy thousand dollars, I would throw away twenty thousand dollars of it on such a man as Benedict was? ” ‘ ‘ Fortunately, we have your own explanation to that paradox. Read his confession, Mr. Clayton,” replied Colonel Brockway. Don’t I tell you that I could hold on to the fifty thousand dollars only by fastening the robbery on the cashier? ’ ” the officer read from his book. With a heavy groan the ex-treasurer dropped into a chair. He was com- pletely overcome, and possibly he wished he had drank less whiskey on the day of his capture. Clayton read all he had written. The robber realized that he had “ given himself away,” and that the case was sure to go against him. He was completely broken down. He begged the officials to spare him for his family’s sake. “ You did not spare the cashier for the sake of his family,” replied Colonel Brockwav, severely. ‘‘You drove him into the wilderness with his wife and child. You set a trap for him, when you discovered the fact that1124 MAKING A MAN OF HIMSELF. he had taken a fifty dollar bill from tlie drawer for a day or two, and had put it back before you found it out. ’ ’ Mr. Gaybroon was committed to jail. Ford)" fled from him and went home. The robber was so cast down that he made a full confession. He had felt sure that the cashier would be arrested and brought back, and that the discovery of the money in his trunk, or wherever he put it, would convict him. He gave up all his property, and the fifty thousand dollars was returned to the treasury, whereat the taxes were greatly reduced, and the citizens rejoiced accordingly. “Clifton Benedict, you have made the city of Pinkingham seventy thousand dollars better off than it would be without you, or if you had not been as honest as your father. He stimulated you to make a man of your- self, and with the help of God you will do it,” said Colonel Brockway, when Clifton’s assistance was no longer needed. “Last night the city council voted to present to you one thousand dollars for your services. A subscrip- tion has been raised to remove the remains of your father and mother to the cemetery, aud erect a monument to the memory of your father, on which they propose to inscribe : ‘ An honest man’s the noblest work of God.’ ” “ I thank you, sir, for all you have done, and I feel that I have performed the duty my father left for me to do. I have been able, with your help, to redeem his memory from a foul charge, and I am satisfied,” replied Clifton. ‘ ‘ The other work he gave me to do, that of making a man of myself, I sup- pose I shall not finish for a long time yet. ’ ’ “ You have made remarkably good progress in that direction, young man. Making a man of himself is a good thing for a boy to do ; and I think it would be well for all of you who have grown up to amend the legend by adding a single word, so that it will fit the case of every one—making a better man of himself.” ‘ ‘ When I get old enough I will think to add that word, and hold on to the maxim as long as I live ’ ’ ‘1 One thing more, Clifton. The present city treasurer wants a young man in his office, and the place is open to you. It is that of messenger ; and you may yet be cashier, as your father was before you, and even treasurer, for the people remember those who serve them faithfully. ’ ’ “ I shall be very glad of the place in the fall, sir,” answered Clifton. “You can take it as soon as you please, and the salary voted by the council is five hundred dollars a year, ’ ’ added Colonel Brockway. Mr. Bunse returned to Smoker Lake. The young hunter followed his calling as a guide during the rest of the season. He and Perry became fast friends, as indeed, they had been from the first acquaintance. Tom and his party had gone home before Clifton arrived, but he often met them at Piuk- ingham and Mendoro. Stilt Buckram was delighted to see the young hunter when he came back ; and it took the latter many hours to tell all that related to the robbery of the bank and the return of the money. “You didn’t tell me nothin’ about that money, Clippy,” said the old hunter.A FAIR RELATION. 1125 “ I didn’t tell anybody about it till the paper was found by Mr. Gay- broon. When you have a secret to keep, Stilt, keep it yourself.” ‘‘Well, I reckon that’s right. I always knowed that Gaybroon was a raskil ; and it went agin me to give him back his pocketbook. But your good mother settled that, and settled it right, too. ’ ’ " No one can afford to be anything but honest and upright, Stilt. My father made a little slip at the treasury, and that is why he was timid all the rest of his life. Do right, if it is only for the pluck it will give you to do your duty when it isn’t easy to do it.” “ I reckon you are right, Clippy. Then you are going away to leave me, and I shall be all alone in the woods here in the winter,” added Stilt, sadly. ‘ ‘ I shall have a vacation in the summer, and I shall spend every minute of it with you. I give you everything up at the castle, my boat and my guns. You can move up there if you like.” “ Thank ye, Clippy ; then you will feel at home when you visit me.” In the fall Clifton went to Pinkingham. The chairman of the finance committee found him an excellent boarding place with a widow lady. He entered upon the duties as messenger and assistant cashier, and his fidelity secured to him his reward in due time. Gaybroon was sent to the State prison for a long term, aud he died within the walls. He had piled up his own ruin. Fordy went to the West with his mother, for she had friends there ; but he never amounted to anything. Clifton Benedict is over twenty one now, and has added the single word to the creed of his earlier life ; but he still assures his friends that the chief business of a boy is the duty of making a man of himself. Olivet Optic. the end. A FAIR RELATION. Well, well, this is a sweet surprise ! Who thought that I had such a cousin ? One glance into her roguish eyes Makes plain my absence was unwise, Why, I’ve lost years—at least a dozen ! Well, now I’ll make up wasted time, Proceed at once to woo and win her; What chic she has, what grace sublime ! When next I stray to foreign clime She’ll go along, or I’m a sinner ! Two weeks of coquetry—and this: “ Haste, answer, sweet, I cannot parley ! ” One moment of suspense, of bliss, Then perishes my lover’s kiss— “ I’ll be a cousin to you, Charley ! ”TWO RAILROAD EPISODES. The spectacle that disquieted the heart of Warren Denslow—-Why he found Atlantic City dismal and sought an early escape, thereby precipitating railroad episode number two. TT was very hot in the cars. The train was a vestibuled one, and the win- dows of the drawing room coaches seemed to be hermetically sealed to their frames. Denslow threw aside his afternoon paper and wheeled about in his chair, seeking an avenue of escape from the sense of suffocation that was oppressing him. He rose and began walking through the cars. It had occurred to him that possibly the swift movement of the train would suck some of the air back on the last platform, enough at any rate to cool him off for a moment or two. It was early in May. .Denslow had just returned from a tv/o years’ stay in Portland, Oregon, starting there a branch of business for his father. “ Your aunt is in Atlantic City,” the latter had told him when he met him at the station. “ She is not well and has gone down there with her maid. She is very anxious to see you and I promised that I would suggest to you to run over and sta3r a few days before you settle down here. ’ ’ Mrs. Roslyn had taken a mother’s place to Warren Denslow when he was six. The young man felt that he owed her both affection and respect, and so he had set off in the 1.50 train the next afternoon. “ The Blytheways can hold over for a few days,” he told himself. The winter before he had gone West he had met Agnes Blytheway at a dance. She had invited him to call and he had enjoyed the visits at her house exceedingly. The interruption of his friendship caused by his de- parture for Oregon was a source of deeper regret to him than he cared to admit even to himself. If he had known Agues longer he might have asked permission to correspond; as it was he felt that their intimacy was only just beginning when his absence came to break it off. “She may be out of town next week,” he was telling himself now, and at that very instant he caught sight of her in the rear coach, which he had just entered. She was facing him, but did not see him. Her eyes were fixed on a man who sat in the adjoining chair and who was talking with her. Denslow was compelled to step aside at this point for an instant. A small child was walk- ing down the aisle toward him, its nurse close behind it. As Denslow waited for the two to pass, he overheard a woman’s voice just in front of him remark to a companion, “ Of course they’re bride and groom, Sadie.” The speaker was looking straight at Agnes. The train rounded a curve just then. Denslow caught at the chair back to steady himself. He won- dered whether he would not have been obliged to do this if the curve had notTWO RAILROAD EPISODES. 1127 been there. There was certainly a strange feeling at his heart. He had not realized till that moment how much he cared for Agnes Blytheway. And here she was married and he was on the same train in which she was taking her bridal trip ! But when the nurse aud child had passed him he kept straight on. He had started to reach the end of the train. He was not going to turn back simply because he found a girl whom he had known two years before was on her honeymoon. If she looked up he would stop and speak to her. She could not imagine that she had occupied a very deep place in his heart. She did not look up, however. Her companion had just called her attention to something out of the window. Denslow passed on and reached the little gate at the extreme end of the train. He stood here, leaning against the doorway, watching the pebbles among the track ballast fly up and skurry along after the speeding train for a few feet, then fall down into a fresh rest- ing place. There was a slight breeze here. Denslow took off his traveling cap and let it lift the hair from his damp forehead, while he tried to dissociate the mad rush of the train from the swiftness with which his own thoughts seemed inclined to launch themselves into the future—a future, too, in which now there seemed to be 110 destination, as Atlantic City was the destination of the train. “ Of course they’re bride and groom.” He found himself almost uncon- sciously echoing the words he had overheard that woman say. What business was it of hers, anyway, whether those two were newly wed or not ? Denslow felt that he was growing unreasonably angry with the woman who had opened his eyes to a fact he should have been glad to learn. It might have been awkward if he had gone to call at the Blytheways’ just as of old. Very likely Agnes had forgotten him. Time had moved swiftly for her, with all the distractions of society, while for him, in a new atmosphere and with new friends to make, he had had vast opportunities to think over the past and to look forward into the future. Till this minute Denslow had not realized what a very important factor in his future Agnes Blytheway had been. What if this were his own wedding journey ? What if he had only stepped to the rear end of the car to see if it was not cooler, and were now going to return and get camp chairs so that he and she might sit there together ? But he found he dared not think on in this strain. It would be better, he decided, that he should not remain in the same car. To be sure none of the passengers could see him; there was only the pantry connected with the buffet behind him. Nevertheless he felt like an interloper, and replacing his cap he turned into the side passage and began to retrace his steps. He could see plainly the face of Agnes’ companion now. He appeared to be a man of about thirty five, and Denslow did not remember ever to have met him. He hurried on into his own car and tried to pass the rest of the trip in sleep— an attempt at which he made a conspicuous failure. He was among the very first to leave the train when it ran into the station at Atlantic City. He felt now that he wanted above all things to avoid meet- ing face to face her who had been Miss Blytheway.1128 TWO RAILROAD EPISODES. His aunt was rapturously glad to see him when he reached the hotel. “I am afraid you will find it very stupid here though, Warren,” she added, after her greeting. “ Thei-e’s nobody around but invalided old ladies and mutually absorbed brides and grooms.” Denslow’s response was a declaration that he had come to Atlantic City expressly to see his aunt and that no other attractions were necessary. The old lady smiled and looked up at the tall, handsome fellow with pride in her eyes. He had always been gallant, even as a little chap. She hoped he would find a wife worthy of him some day. The next afternoon Mrs. Roslyn declared she felt well enough to go out in her wheel chair for an airing on the board walk. Denslow offered to push it for her, but she said that she had a regular attendant hired by the week, and Warren might walk along by her side. “ We’ll go down to the old whaler,” she said when they had started. “ It is as good as a play to hear the tone in which the attendant explains things.” The hurly burly of the summer season at the famous coast resort had not yet commenced. Only a few of the booths along the board walk were open. There were quite a number of people out, but they were not of the excursion class. The stranded whale ship was reached in due course. Mrs. Roslyn left her chair and gave her arm to her nephew. The youth who delivered the lecture was even droller than Denslow had expected to find him. “Now, Warren,” said his aunt, after they had been through the after cabin, “I’ll sit here, and I want you to go down into the forecastle where the sailors sleep. They tell me it is worse than a prison.” In his present state of mind Denslow did not feel an interest in anything, but after lingering to be presented to a friend who had just come aboard and who volunteered to stay with Mrs. Roslyn, he went forward and climbed down into the steerage, where two or three sightseers were already assembled with the guide. It was a dismal hole, and Denslow felt grimly that it was an appropriate spot in which to meet Agnes, under the circumstances. For here she was standing beside the man who had been with her in the cars, listening with an only half suppressed smile to the droning tones of the “ lecturer.” “ Why, Mr. Denslow,” she exclaimed, putting out her hand, “ I thought I saw you in the train yesterday, but I was not sure. I imagined you were still in Oregon. I am ever so glad to see you. Dick,” she added, turning to her companion, “permit me to present Mr. Denslow—Mr. Chester. When did you get back from the West? ” She was overwhelmingly charming, cordial, pretty—everything that goes to make a woman attractive. The two years that had intervened since Denslow had seen her last had served to crown with completeness the bud- ding graces that had then only begun to captivate him. He now felt himself to be her slave. A recklessness quite foreign to his nature took possession of him. She seemed heartily glad to see him, even if she had married somebody else. He would show that he was just as glad. He smiled down into her eyes as he answered her question.TWO RAILROAD EPISODES. 1129 ‘ ‘ I got back two days ago. I wish now that I had never gone. ’ ’ He wondered if she understood what he meant. He thought she must, for even by the faint light that stole down the hatchway he could see the color deepen slightly in her cheeks. He looked around to see what impres- sion his daring had made on Mr. Chester. But the latter had stepped over to the side of the lecturer, who had suddenly found himself with an audi- ence quite inattentive to his remarks. “ Didn’t you have a pleasant time? ” Agnes looked down and began to draw invisible figures on the planking with the tip of her parasol as she put the question. “ No ; I can’t honestly say that I did. I was thinking too much of other times. ’ ’ Denslow scarcely felt that it was himself who was speaking. He was not the sort of man who flirts, but here he was, hinting as broadly as he could to a woman on her bridal tour that he was inconsolable because he had lost her. If they had been very old friends it would have been different. She would have laughed at his frankness and perhaps have told him that he was not quick enough. As it was, she changed the subject now and asked : 1 ‘ Are you going to remain here long ? ’ ’ “Where, in this black hole of a place?” he replied, wilfully misunder- standing her. “ Yes, as long as its ugliness is redeemed by the sunshine of a certain presence. ’ ’ This was positively going too far, he told himself. He wondered why Chester did not come over and pitch him into the hold just behind them. He did come back now, to say: “Agnes, it is damp down here. You had better go up, I think. ’ ’ He led the way out, and the others followed. “At which hotel are you staying-” Denslow was about to add “Mrs. Chester,” but his lips refused to frame the words. He ended abruptly, but Agnes turned and told him with a smile: “The Windsor, and-’ ’ “ Be careful, Agnes. There’s a step there.” Chester interrupted her with this remark, and her sentence remained unfinished. They had reached the main cabin by this time, and Denslow’s aunt beckoned him to her side. With a lifting of his hat and a “ Good after- noon,” he parted from the woman who had stirred his pulses as he thought they never could be stirred. Carried away by au impulse he could neither explain nor condone, he had allowed his admiration for her to make itself too manifest to be mistaken. And she? Well, she certainly had not showed that she disliked it. Denslow’s brain was in a whirl when they reached the hotel and he had gone to his room to make himself ready for tea. That he, sober sided Warren, as his friends had often called him, should be carrying on a flirtation with a married woman, and a bride at that, seemed to him an astounding fact. He must cut himself loose in some way. He could not bring scandal upon the family name. He would return to New York the next morning, although he had promised to stay a day or two longer. He could plead a1130 THE MAN WHO LEADS. business contingency. Clearly Atlantic City was a very unsafe place for him at the present time. He broke the news to Mrs. Roslyn at the tea table. “ I was afraid you would find it stupid here, Warren,” was her comment. Stupid ! If she only knew the real reason for his going, was Denslow’s reflection ! The next day was even more beautiful than its predecessor. Denslow decided to walk to his train, in order to breathe in as much of the Atlantic ozone as possible before getting back to town. As he neared the station he saw Agnes strolling up and down the platform with Chester. She was not in traveling dress. She had evidently come down to see him off. It was strange he should leave her if they were in their honeymoon, Denslow thought. Perhaps, though, it occurred to him, they had been married for some time. She smiled sweetly when she saw him coming, but he imagined a cloud came over her face when her eye fqjl on his valise, which he stepped forward to take from the omnibus driver. “ Are you going to leave so soon ? ” she said. “ Yes. I must get back to town at once,” he replied. He knew that the answer was terribly commonplace, but with those fasci- nating ej^es looking straight up into his all his ideas seemed frozen, leaving only one sensation behind, that of bitter, burning love. “I’m so sorry,” she said. “Dick has to go back to that horrid busi- ness, too. I was hoping that we might have a cavalier who could drop in and see us now and then if we couldn’t afford one in the house.” “We?” Denslow looked his perplexity. “ Yes. Lena and I. She’s my sister. I think you never met her. She was South that winter. Why, didn’t you know I was staying with her and her husband here? ” She was not well, so she told Dick to bring me back with-but there is your train just starting.” She began waving her hand to Chester, who stood on the step calling out : ‘ ‘ Remember to telegraph me at the first turn for the worst. ’ ’ Denslow did not move. He saw the cars rolling out from the station, saw Agnes’ look of amazement as she turned to find him still beside her. Then, “ It’s too bad ! ” I’ve made you miss your train, rattling on in this way,” she said. “ It’s no matter,” he answered, calling to the ’bus driver to take his valise. “ I’ve decided I won’t go back to town today.” And they walked away from the station together. THE MAN WHO LEADS. WE want no kings but kings of toil— No crowns but crowns of deeds. Not royal birth, but sterling worth, Must mark the man who leads. Ella Wheeler Wilcox.LIVING IT DOWN.* The deed that cost John Jeffreys months of misery—From pillar to post in quest of daily bread— The remorseless fate that pursued a tarnished name. SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED. While away at boarding school, John Jeffreys, during a game of football accidentally in- jures a boy so badly that his life is despaired of. Jeffreys thereupon runs away from Bolsover and returns to his guardian in York, who turns him adrift with only a sovereign, after informing him that the money left for him by his father has been lost through an unfortunate speculation. After tramping the streets for some time and receiving several rebuffs, Jeffreys finally finds a position as under teacher at Galloway House, a school for little boys, conducted by Mrs. Trimble. The boys take to him, which is sufficient to arouse the ire of Mrs. Trimble’s surly first assistant, her son Jonah, who tracks Jeffreys on one of his evening rambles and afterwards abstracts from his pocket a letter speaking of young Forrester, the boy injured at school. Jeffreys is once more cast on the cold charities of the world, which throws him only one sop, in the shape of Julius, his guardian’s dog, who has been left behind when Mr. Halgrove moves away leaving not a trace behind. Jeffreys tramps his way to Grangerham, where he can find out but little about For- rester, and then, seeking refuge for the night in a tumble down shed, overhears a plot to abduct Percy Rimbolt, the fourteen year old son of a wealthy family in the neighborhood. With the assistance of the dog, Julius, he frustrates this and restores Percy to his home. Mr. Rimbolt takes a fancy to Jeffreys and appoints him to the post of private librarian at a salary of a hundred pounds a year. He gets on famously with Percy, and is treated with marked favor by Raby Atherton, Percy’s cousin, who is staying at Wildtree during her father’s absence in Afghanistan with his regiment. But Mrs. Rimbolt dislikes the newcomer and neg- lects no opportunity to humiliate him. During the holidays Mrs. Scarfe and her son arrive on a visit, and in the young man Jeffreys recognizes a schoolmate at Bolsover, one fully cognizant of the Forrester affair. They merely exchange civilities, however, and in one way or another grate harshly on each other throughout the term of Scarfe’s stay. Scarfa tries to prejudice Raby against Jeffreys, but she refuses to listen to tales of the librarian behind his back. When he goes away, however, Scarfe writes an insulting [letter to Jeffreys, giving him the opportunity to tell the Wildtree household about the Forrester episode at Bolsover before he (Scarfe) sends Mr. Rimbolt a full account of it himself. Chapter XXIX.-—A Link to Old Times. A S soon as he read it, Jeffreys pitched Scarfe’s letter contemptuously into the grate. He was not much of a man of the world, but he could read through the lines of a poor performance like this. Scarfe, for some reason or other, did not like to tell the Rimbolts himself, but he was most anxious they should know, and desired Jeffreys to do the dirty work himself. There was something almost amusing in the artlessness of the suggestion, and had the subject been less personally grievous, Jeffreys could have afforded to scoff at the whole business. He sat down on the impulse of the moment, and dashed off the following: Dear Scarfe: Would it not he a pity that your'sense of duty should not have the satisfaction of doing *This story began in the October, 1896, issue of The Argosy. The five back numbers will be mailed to any address on receipt of 50 cents.1132 LIVING IT DOWN. its own work, instead of begging me to do it for you ? I may be all you say, but I am not mean enough to rob you of so priceless a jewel as the good conscience of a man who has done his duty. So I respectfully decline your invitation, and am, Yours, J. Jeffreys. Having relieved himself by writing it, he tore the note up and tried to forget all about it. But that was not quite so easy. Scarfe’s part in the drama he could forget, but the question faced him, not for the first time: Had he any right to be here, trusted, and by some of the family even respected ? Was he not sailing under false colors, and pretending to be something he was not ? True, he had been originally engaged as librarian, a post in which char- acter was accounted of less importance than scholarship and general proficiency. But he was more than a librarian now. Circumstances had made him the mentor and companion of a high spirited, honest boy. Was it fair to Percy to keep a secret that would certainly shut the doors of Wildtree against him forever? Was it fair to Mr. Rimboft to accept this new responsibility with- out a word? Was it fair to Raby, who would shrink from him with detesta- tion did she know the whole story ? Scarfe would have been amply satisfied had he been present to note the disquietude which ensued for some days after the arrival of his letter. Jeffreys felt uncomfortable in his intercourse with Mr. Rimbolt; he avoided Raby, and even with Percy he was often unaccountably reserved and pensive. One day, finding himself alone with Mr. Rimbolt in the library, he suddenly resolved then and there to speak out. “Oh, Jeffreys,” began Mr. Rimbolt, “I am very anxious to get those books from the Wanley Abbey sale looked through and catalogued if you can manage it. We all go up to London, you know, next week, and I should be glad to have all square before we start.” “ I have no doubt they can all be gone through before then.” “I should like you to come to town, too,” said Mr. Rimbolt. “Percy sets great store by your companionship; besides which, there are some very important book sales coming on in which I shall want your help.” “I had been going to ask you—” began Jeffreys, feeling his temples throbbing like two steam engines. “Oh, by the way,” interrupted Mr. Rimbolt, taking a letter from his pocket, ‘ ‘ did not you tell me you were at a school called Bolsover ? ’ ’ “ Yes,” faltered Jeffreys, wondering what was coming. “It’s very odd. I have a letter from an old Oxford acquaintance of mine called Frampton, who appears to be head master there, and whom I have never heard of for about sixteen years. He is fond of books, and writes to ask if he may come and see the library. I’ve asked him to stay a night, and expect him here tomorrow. I dare say you will be glad to meet him. Perhaps he knows you are here ? ” “ No; I don’t think so,” said Jeffreys. “ Ah, then I dare say you will be glad to see one another again.” Jeffreys was considerably staggered by this unexpected announcement,LIVING IT DOWN. *133 but it relieved him of all present perplexity as to speaking to Mr. Rimbolt of young Forrester. He would at least wait till Mr. Frampton came, and put himself in his hands. Mr. Frampton was taking a three days’ run in the Lake country during a term holiday, and determined to do and see all he could, had decided to visit his old college friend, and look over the now famous Wildtree Library. His surprise at meeting Jeffreys was very considerable; and at first it seemed to the quondam pupil that his old master was shy of him. This, how- ever, was explained as soon as they were alone, and had to do with the seven pounds, which had burned holes in Mr. Frampton’s pockets ever since lie received them, but which, not knowing Jeffreys’ address, he had never been able to return. ‘ ‘ I was never more pained than when I received this money, ’ ’ said he. “ Your guardian was written to by the clerk in ordinary course, but I never imagined the bill would be passed 011 to you.” Jeffreys had nothing for it but to take the money back, much as he disliked it. Until he did so, Mr. Frampton was too fidgety to be approachable on any other subject. The morning after his arrival they went up Wild Pike together, the first time Jeffreys had been on the mountain since the death of Julius. They had a fine day and 110 difficulty ; but the long talk which beguiled the way amply made up to Jeffreys for the lack of adventure. Mr. Frampton told him much about Bolsover, and then began to ask him about himself, and got from him a full account of all that had befallen him since he left school. Mr. Frampton was a most sympathetic listener, and the poor “dog with a bad name,” who had almost forgotten the art of speaking his mind full}' to any one, warmed insensibly to his friend as they talked, and reproached himself for the pride and shortsightedness which had induced him to shut himself out from his friendship. Then they talked of the school and of young Forrester. Mr. Frampton made no attempt to gloss over the wickedness of that unhappy act of passion. But he showed how fully he made allowance for the poor blundering offender, and how he, at least, saw more to pity than to upbraid in it all. He knew nothing of young Forrester’s fate. He had seen in the papers the notice of Captain Forrester’s death, from whom months before he had had a letter of inquiry as to his son’s whereabouts, and to whom he had written telling all he knew, which was but little. Then Jeffreys unfolded his present uncomfortable dilemma, and his inten- tion of speaking to Mr. Rimbolt, and they talked it over very seriously and anxiously. At last Mr. Frampton said : “ Let me speak to Mr. Rimbolt.” “ Most thankfully I will.” So Mr. Frampton spoke to Mr. Rimbolt, and told him frankly all there was to tell; and Mr. Rimbolt, like a gentleman who knew something of Christian charity, joined his informant in pitying the offender. “Jeffreys,” said he, the day after Mr. Frampton’s departure, “your friend has told me a story about you which I heard with great sorrow. You1134 LIVING IT DOWN. are now doing all that an honest man can do, with God’s help, to make up for what is past. What I have been told does not shake my present confi- dence in you in any way, and I need not tell you that not a single person in this house beyond yourself and me shall know anything about this unhappy affair. * ’ Chapter XXX.—Mrs. Rimbolt Frees Her Mind. Jeffreys started for London with a lighter heart than he had known since he first came to Wildtree. When he contrasted his present sense of relief with the oppression which had preceded it, he marveled how he could ever have gone on so long dishonestly nursing his wretched secret under Mr. Rimbolt’s roof. Now, in the first reaction of relief, he was tempted to believe his good name was really come back, and that, Mr. Rimbolt having condoned his offense, the memory of Bolsover was canceled. The Rimbolts’ house in Clarges Street was, to Jeffreys’ mind, not nearly so cheerful as Wildtree. The library in it consisted of a small collection of books, chiefly political, for Mr. Rimbolt’s use in parliamentary work; and the dark little room allotted to him, with its lookout on the mews, was dull indeed compared with the chamber at Wildtree, from which he could at least see the mountain. Nor did he by any means enjoy the constant round of entertainments which went on in London, at which he was sometimes called upon in a hum- ble way to assist. He had been obliged, in deference to Mrs. Rimbolt’s broad hints, to buy a dress suit, and in this he was expected on occasions to present himself at the end of a grand dinner party, or when Mr. Rimbolt required his professional attendance. For, there being no books to take care of here, Mr. Rimbolt availed him- self of his librarian’s services as a private secretary in some important political business, and found him so efficient and willing that he proposed to him a considerable increase in salary in consideration of his permanently undertaking a good share of his employer’s ordinary correspondence. The chief portion of Jeffreys’ time, however, still belonged to Percy, and it was a decided relief to him that that young gentleman scoffed at and eschewed the endless hospitalities and entertainments with which his mother delighted to fill up their life in London. On the day before Scarfe’s proposed visit, Walker accosted him with the announcement that my lady would like to speak with him in the morning room. This rare summons never failed to wring a groan from the depths of the librarian’s spirit, and it did now as he proceeded to the torture chamber. The lady was alone, and evidently burdened with the importance of the occasion. “ Mr. Jeffreys,” said she, with a tone of half conciliation which put up Jeffreys’ back far more than her usual severe drawl, “ kindly take a seat ; 1 wish to speak to you.” “ It’s all up with me,” groaned Jeffreys, inwardly, as he obeyed.LIVING IT DOWN. 1135 Mrs. Rimbolt gathered herself together and began. “I desire to speak to you, Mr. Jeffreys, in reference to my niece, Miss Atherton, who, in her father’s absence, is here under my protection and parental control.” Jeffreys flushed up ominously. “ It does not please me, Mr. Teffreys, to find you, occupying as you do the position of a dependent in this house, so far forgetting yourself as to consider that there is anything in your respective positions which justifies you in having communications with Miss Atherton other than those of a respectful stranger. ’ ’ Jeffreys found himself frivolously thinking this elaborate sentence would make an interesting exercise iu parsing for the head class at Galloway House. He barely took in that the remarks were intended for him at all, and his abstracted look apparently disconcerted Mrs. Rimbolt. “ I must request your attention, Mr. Jeffreys,” said she, severely. “ I beg your pardon. I am all attention.” “Iam quite willing to suppose,” continued she, “ that it is ignorance on your part rather than intentional misconduct which has led you into this; but from henceforth I wish it to be clearly understood that I shall expect you to remember your proper station in this house. Miss Atherton, let me tell you, has no need of your attentions. You perfectly understand me, Mr. Jeffreys? ” Jeffreys bowed, still rather abstractedly. “ You do not reply to my question, Mr. Jeffreys.” “ I perfectly understand you, madam.” ‘ ‘ I trust I shall not have to speak to yrou again. ’ ’ “ I trust not,” said Jeffreys, with a fervor which startled the lady. He left the room, outraged, insulted, sorely tempted to shake the dust of the place once for all from off his feet. The evil temper within him once more asserted itself as he fhmg himself into his room, slamming the door be- hind him with a force that made the whole house vibrate. The narrow room was insupportable. It stifled him. He must get out into the fresh air or choke. On the doorstep he met Mr. Rimbolt, who had just alighted from his brougham. “ Oh, Jeffreys, so glad to have caught you. Look here. I fiud I must be in the House tonight and tomorrow, and I intended to go down to Exeter to attend that four days’ sale of Lord Waterfield’s library. I must get you to go for me. You have the catalogue we went through together,- with the lots marked which I must have. I have put an outside price against some, and the others must be mine at any price—you understand. Stick at nothing. Take plenty of money with you for traveling and expenses. Do things com- fortably, and I will give you a blank check for the books.” The proposal came opportunely to Jeffreys. He was in the humor of accepting anything for a change; and this carte blanche proposal, and the responsibility it involved, contained a spice of excitement which suited with his present mood. Jeffreys prepared for his journey in a better mood.1136 LIVING IT DOWN. He went down to Exeter that night, trying to think of nothing but Lord Waterfield’s books, and to forget all about Raby, and Percy, and Mrs. Rimbolt, and Scarfe. Chapter XXXI.—Adrift Again. Soon after Jeffreys’ return, business called Mr. Rimbolt north for a few days. One afternoon, soon after his departure, while Percy and Raby were out, and Jeffreys had shut himself up in Mr. Rimbolt’s study to write, a letter was delivered by the postman, addressed to Mrs. Rimbolt, and bearing the Oxford postmark. It was from Scarfe, and Mrs. Rimbolt opened her eyes as she perused it: “Christchurch, April 2nd. “Dear Mrs. Rimbolt: I reached here from home this morning, and hasten to send you a line to thank you for the very pleasant visit I spent in London last week. I should have written sooner, but that I was anxious to write you on another and less pleasant subject, which I felt should not be done hurriedly. You will, I dare say, blame me for not having told you earlier what I now feel it my duty to tell, and I trust you will understand the feelings which have prevented my doing so. John Jeffreys, who is in Mr. Rimbolt’s employment, is, as you know, an old schoolfellow of mine. I was surprised to see him at Wildtree last Christ- mas, and took the trouble to inquire whether he had come to you with a character or whether you had any knowledge of his antecedents. I imagined you had not, and sup- posed that as he was only engaged as a librarian inquiries as to his character were not con- sidered necessary. But when I saw that he was being admitted as a member of your household, and specially allowed to exercise an influence on Percy, I assure you I felt uncomfortable, and it has been on my mind ever since to tell you what I feel you ought to know. Jeffreys ran away from school after committing a cruel act which, to all intents and purposes, was murder. His victim was a small boy whom we all loved, and who never did him harm. The details of the whole affair are too horrible to dwell upon here, but I have said enough to show you what sort of person it is who is at present intrusted with the care of your own son, and allowed to associate on a footing of equality with your niece, Miss Atherton. I assure you it is very painful to me to write this, for I know how it will shock you. But I feel my conscience would not give me peace till I told you all. May I now ask one special favor from you ? It is well known, and you probably have noticed it yourself, that Jeffreys and I naturally dislike one another. But I want you to believe that I write this not because I dislike Jeffreys, but because I like you all, and feel that Percy particularly is in peril. What I ask is that if you think it right to take any action in the matter, my name may not be mentioned. It would be considered an act of spite on my part, which it is not; and perhaps I may mention to you that I have special reasons for wishing that Miss Atherton at least should not think worse of me than I deserve. She would certainly misunderstand it if my name were mentioned. I feel I have only done my duty, and I assure you it will be a great relief to me to know that you are rid of one who cannot fail to exercise a fatal influence on the pure and honest mind of my friend Percy. Believe me, dear Mrs. Rimbolt, most sincerely yours.	E. Scarfe.” The shock which this astounding communication gave to Mrs. Rimbolt can be more easily imagined than described. It explained everything—her instinctive dislike of the fellow from the first, his moroseness and insolence, and the cunning with which he had insinuated himself first into her husband’s and then into Percy’s confidence ! How blind she had been not to see it all before ! She might have known that he was a villian ! Now, however, her duty was clear, and she would be wicked if she delayed to act upon it aLIVING IT DOWN. ii37 moment. If Mr. Rimbolt had been at home it would have fallen on him to discharge it, but he was not, and she must do it for him. Whereupon this worthy matron girded herself for the fray, and stalked off tio the study. Jeffreys was busy transcribing some bibliographical notes which he had brought away with him from Exeter. The work was not very engrossing, and he had leisure now and then to let his mind wander, and the direction his thoughts took was towards Mr. Rimbolt’s little plan of a run on the Continent for Percy and himself the coming summer. Jeffreys had been afraid to acknowledge to himself how much the plan delighted him. He longed to see the everlasting snows, and the lakes, and the grand old mediaeval cities, and the prospect of .seeing them with Percy, away from all that could annoy or jar him. He had got so far when the door opened and Mrs. Rimbolt stood before him. The lady was pale, and evidently agitated beyond her wont. She stood for a moment facing Jeffreys, and apparently waiting for words. The librarian’s back went up in anticipation. If it was more about Raby he would leave the room before he forgot himself. “ Mr. Jeffreys,” said the lady, and her words came slowly and hoarsely, “ I request you to leave this house in half an hour.” It was Jeffreys’ turn to start and grow pale. ‘ ‘ May I ask why ? ” he said. “ You know why, sir,” said the lady. “ You have known why ever since you had the meanness to enter Wildtree on false pretenses. ’ ’ “Really, Mrs. Rimbolt,” began Jeffreys, with a cold shudder passing through him, “ I am at a loss-” “ Don’t speak to me, sir. You knew you had no right to enter the house of honest, respectable people—you knew you had no right to take advantage of an accident to insinuate yourself into this family and impose upon the un- suspecting good nature of my husband. No one asked you for your charac- ter; for no one imagined you could be quite so hypocritical as you have been. You, the self constituted friend and protector of my precious boy—you, with the stain of blood on your hands and the mark of Cain on your forehead ! Leave my house at once; I desire no words. You once talked about claim- ing to be protected from insult in this house. It is we who claim to be pro- tected from a hypocrite and a murderer ! Begone; and consider yourself fortunate that instead of walking out a free man, you are. not taken out to the punishment you deserve.” When Jeffreys, stunned and stupefied, looked up, the room was empty. Mechanically he finished a sentence he had been writing, then, letting the pen drop from his hand, sat where he was, numbed body and soul. Mrs. Rimbolt’s words dinned in his ears, and with them came those old haunting sounds, the yells on the Bolsover meadows, the midnight shriek of the terri- fied boy, the cold sneer of his guardian, the brutal laugh of Jonah Trimble. All came back in one confused hideous chorus, yelling to him that his bad name was still alive, dogging him down, down, mocking his foolish dreams of <L)1138 LIVING IT DOWN. deliverance and hope, hounding him out into the night to hide his head in- deed, but never to hide himself from himself. How long he sat there he knew not. When he rose he was at least calm and resolved. He went up to his own room and looked through his little stock of posses- sions. The old suit in which he had come to Wildtree was there; and an impulse seized him to put it on in exchange for the trim garments he was wearing. Of his other goods and chattels he took a few special favorites. His Homer—Julius’ collar—a cricket cap—a pocket compass which Percy had given him and an envelope which Raby had once directed to him for her uncle. His money—his last quarter’s salary—he took, too, and his old stick which he had cut in the lanes near Ash Cottage. That was all. Then quietly descending the deserted stairs, and looking neither to the right hand nor the left, he crossed the hall and opened the front door. A pang shot through him as he did so. Was he never to see Percy again, or her ? What would they think of him ? The thought maddened him; and as he stood in the street he seemed to hear their voices, too, in the awful clamor, and rushed blindly forth, anywhere to escape it. Chapter XXXII.—In the Depths. A chiee October squall was whistling through the trees in Regent’s Park, stirring up the fallen leaves on the foot paths, and making the nurse maids, as they listlessly trundled their perambulators, shiver suddenly and think of the nursery fire and the singing kettle on the hob. The gathering clouds above seiit the park keeper off to his shed for a waterproof, and emptied the carriage drive of the vehicles in which a few people were taking an afternoon airing. A little knot of small boys, intently playing football, with piled up jackets for goals, were the last to take alarm at the lowering sky; nor was it till the big drops fell in their midst that they scattered right and left, and left the park empty. No; not quite empty. One young man sat on through the rain on the seat from which he had been watching the boys’ game. A shabby, almost ragged young man, with a disagreeable face and an almost contemptuous curl of the lip, as the rain, gathering force every second, buffeted him in the face and drenched him where he sat. There were a hundred seats more sheltered than that on which he sat; and by walking scarcely fifty yards he could have escaped the rain altogether. But he sat recklessly on, and let the rain do its worst, his eyes still on the empty football field, and his ears ring- ing still with the merry shouts of the departing boys. My reader, had he chanced to pass down that deserted walk on that stormy afternoon, would hardly have recognized in the lonely occupant of that seat the John Jeffreys he had seen six months ago at Clarges Street. It was not merely that he looked haggard and ill, or that his clothes were ragged. That was bad enough, but the reader has seen him in such a plight/ LIVING IT DOWN.	1139 before. But what he has not seen before—or if at all, only in passing moments—is the bitter, hard look on his face, changing it miserably. A stranger passing him that afternoon would have said : “ There sits a man who hates all the world.” We who know him better would have said: There sits our poor dog with a bad name, deserted even by hope. ’ ’ And so it was. Jeffreys had left Clarges Street smarting under a sense of injury, but still resolved to keep Tip the fight for his good name, in which for so many months past he had been engaged. Not by appealing to Mr. Rimbolt. Although he knew, had Mr. Rimbolt been at home, all this would not have happened, his pride forbade him now to take a single step to reinstate himself in a house from which he had been so ignominiously expelled. No, not even when that house held within its walls Percy and Raby. The idea of going back filled him with horror. On the contrary, he would hide himself from them, even though they sought to find him; and not till his name was as good as theirs would he see them again or come near them. So thought poor Jeffreys as he slowly turned his back on all that was dear to him in life, and went out into the night of the unsympathetic city. At first, as I said, he tried to hold up his head. He inquired in one or two quarters for work. But the question always came up: ‘ ‘ What is your character ? ’ ’ 1 ‘ I have none, ’ ’ he would say doggedly. ‘ ‘ Why did you leave your last place ? ’ ’ “ I was turned away.” “What for?” “ Because I am supposed to have killed a boy once.” Once indeed he did get a temporary job at a warehouse—as a porter—and for a week, a happy week, used his broad back and brawny arms in carrying heavy loads and lifting weights. Hope sprang again within him as he labored. He might yet, by beginning at the lowest step, rise above his evil name and conquer it. Alas ! One day a shilling was lost from the warehouseman’s desk. Jeffreys had been seen near the place and was suspected. He resented the charge scornfully at first, then savagely, and in an outbreak of rage struck his accuser. He was impeached before the head of the firm, and it was dis- covered that he had come without a character. That was,enough. He was bundled out of the place at five minutes’ notice, with a threat of a policeman if he made it six. And even when a week later the shilling was found in the warehouseman’s blotting paper, no one doubted that the cashiered rogue was as cunning as he was nefarious. After that he had given up what seemed the farce of holding up his head. What was the use, he said, when, as sure as night follows day, that bad name of his dogged him wherever he went ? So Jeffreys began to go down. In after years he spoke very little of those six months in London, and when he did, it was about people he had met, and1140 LIVING IT DOWN. not about himself. What he did, where he lodged, how he lived, these were matters that he never mentioned, and never liked to be asked about. I am quite sure myself that the reason of this silence was not shame. He was not one of those fellows who revenge themselves on fate by deliberately going to the bad. At his worst, he had no taste for vice nor any affinity for it. He may have sunk low, not because he himself was low, but because in his miserable feud with all the world he scorned not to share the lot of others as miserable as himself. His money—he had a few pounds when he left Clarges Street—soon failed him. He made no great efforts to keep it, and was relieved to see the end of it. His companions in misery soon helped him away with it, and he let them. But when it was gone the old necessity for work came back. By day he hardly ever ventured out of his court for fear of being seen by some one who would attempt to rescue him from his present condition. At night he wan- dered restlessly about in the narrow streets picking up an early morning job at Covent Garden Market or in the omnibus stables. He moved his lodgings incessantly, one week inhabiting a garret in West- minster, another sharing a common room in Whitechapel, another doing without lodgings altogether. He spoke little or not at all to his fellow mis- erables, not because he despised them, but because they fought shy of him. They disliked his superior ways, and his ill concealed disgust of their habits and vices. They could have forgiven him for being a criminal in hiding; that they were used to. But a man who spoke like a gentleman, who took no pleasure in their low sports, and sat dumb while they talked loud and broad, seemed to them an interloper and an intruder. Once—it was about the beginning of August—in a lodging house across the river, he met a young fellow to whom for a day or two he felt drawn. His story was a sad one. His father had beefn a gentleman, and the boy had been brought up in luxury and virtue. While at school his father had died, and before he had left school his mother had been married again to a brute, who not only broke her heart, but, after setting himself to corrupt his step- son, had at last turned him adrift without a penny in the world. The lad, with no strong principle to uphold him, had sunk deep in vice. Yet there lurked about him occasional flashes of something better. “ After all,” he would say to Jeffreys, as the two lay at night almost 011 bare boards, “what’s the odds? I maybe miserable one day, but I’m jolly the next. Now you seem to prefer to be uniformly miserable. ’ ’ “ Hardly a case of preference,” said Jeffreys ; “ but I’m not sure that it wouldn’t be more miserable to be jolly.” “Try it. You’d give a lot to forget all about everything for an hour, wouldn’t you ? ” ‘ ‘ It would be pleasant. ’ ’ “ You can do it.” ‘ ‘ By dropping asleep ? ’ ’ “ Sleep ! That’s the time I’m most miserable. I remember the old days then, and my mother, and—I say, Jeffreys, I was once nearly drowned atLIVING IT DOWN. 1141 Eton. Just as I was going down for the last time I put up my hand, and a fellow saw it and came in and fished me out. What a born fool I was to do it. I was grateful to the fellow at the time. I hate him now ! ” And the poor fellow, with all the manhood out of him, cried himself to sleep ; and Jeffreys in mercy said not a word to stop him. A pitiful sort of friendship sprang up between the two—the bitter strong one and the vicious weak one. It kept a soft corner in Jeffreys’ heart to find some one who held to him even in this degradation, and to the poor prodigal it was worth anything to have some one to talk to. Coming home one wet morning from one of his nocturnal expeditions, Jeffreys found his fellow lodger up, with a bottle in his hands. “ My boy, my boy,” cried the lad, “you’re in luck, and just in time. Who says I’m lost to all decency after this? Why, I might have hidden it away when I heard you coming up. No. There’s something of the noble- man left iu me yet. Half of this is yours, Jeffreys, only help yourself quickly, man, or I may repent.” He held out the bottle tremblingly and with a wince that spoke volumes. “ Take it. I never went halves before, and perhaps I never shall again,” Jeffreys took the bottle. It was brandy. ‘1 Half a tumbler of that, Jeffreys, will make another man of you. It will send yon into dreamland. You’ll forget there is such a thing as misery in the world. Don’t be squeamish, old fellow. You’re cold and weak, you know you are; you ought to take it. You’re not too good, surely—eh? Man alive, if you never do anything worse than take a drop of brandy, you’ll pass muster. Come, I say, you’re keeping me waiting.” Jeffreys sank on a chair and raised the bottle half way to his lips. What was it, as he did so, which flashed before his eyes and caused him suddenly to set it down and rise to his feet ? Nothing real, it is true, yet nothing new. Just a momentary glimpse of a boy’s pale face somewhere in the dim gloom of that little room, and then all was as before. Yet to Jeffreys the whole world was suddenly altered. He set the bottle down, and neither heeding nor hearing the expostula- tions of his companion, he left the house never to return. Chapter XXXIII.—A Strange Rescue. That night Jeffreys slept in another part of the town; and the poor bewildered prodigal, deserted by his only friend, cried half the night through, and cursed again the boy who had once saved his life. Jeffreys, hidden in another part of the great city, sank to a lower depth of misery than ever. To him it seemed now that his bad name had taken form in the face of young Forrester, and was dogging him in adversity more relent- lessly even than in prosperity. It comforted him not at all to think it had saved him from a drunkard’s ruin. He despised himself, when he came to himself, for having been scared so weakly. Yet he avoided his old quarters and turned his back 011 the one friend he had, rather than face his evil genius again.1142 LIVING IT DOWN. He half envied his new fellow lodgers. Four of them, at least, stood a chance of being hanged. Yet they managed to shake off all care and live merrily. “Come, old gallus,’’ said one young fellow, “perk up. You’re safe enough here. Don’t be down. We’re all in the same boat. Save up them long faces for eight o’clock in the morning at the police court. Don’t spoil our fun.’’ It was half pathetic, this appeal; and Jeffreys for a day tried to be cheer- ful. But he could not do it, and considerately went somewhere else. How long was it to go on? A time came when he could get no work, and starvation stared him in the face. But a dying boy bequeathed him a loaf, and once again he was doomed to live. But a loaf, and the proceeds of a week’s odd jobs, came to an end, and now once more, as he sits in the rain in Regent’s Park, he faces something more than the weather. He has not tasted food for two whole days, and for all he knows may never taste it again. So he sits there, with his eyes still on the football ground, and his ears ringing still with the merry shouts of the departed boys. The scene changes as he stays on. It is a football field still, but not the brown patch in a London park. There are high trees, throwing shadows across the green turf, and in the distance an old red school house. And the boys are no longer the lively London urchins. Their faces are familiar, and the names they call each other he knows. Nor is the game the same. It, like the London boys’ game, has ended suddenly, but not in a helter skelter stampede in the rain. No. It is a silent, awe struck group round something on the ground ; and as he, Jeffreys, elbows his way among them, he sees again a boj^’s face lying there pallid and perhaps lifeless. Then instinctively he lifts his hands to his ears. For a howl rises on all sides which deafens him, stuns him. After all, it is only the last effort of the October squall in Regent’s Park buffeting him with a fusillade of rain and withered leaves. He takes his hands from his ears, and, with a sigh, gets up and walks away, he cares not whither. His steps lead him round the park and into the long avenue. The rain and the wind are dying down, and alreach" a few wayfarers, surprised by the sudden storm, are emerging from their shelters aud speeding home. The park keeper boldly parades the path in his waterproof, as if he had braved the elements since daybreak. And there, coming to meet him, sheltered under one umbrella, are two who perhaps have no grudge against the storm for detaining them in their walk that afternoon. It is long since Jeffreys has seen anything to remind him of the world he has left, but there is something about these two as they advance towards him, their faces hidden by the umbrella, which attracts him. The youth is slim and well dressed, and holds himself well; his companion’s figure reminds him of a form he knew—can it be only six months ago ?—light, gentle, cour- ageous, beside which he has walked in the Wildtree Park and on the London pavements.LIVING IT DOWN. 1143 They meet—the tramp and the young’ couple. They never heed him; how should they ? But a turn of the umbrella gives him a momentary glimpse of them, and in that glimpse poor hapless Jeffreys recognizes Raby and Scarfe ! Surely this blow was not needed to crush him completely. How long he stood, statue-like, looking down the path by which they had gone, neither he nor any one else could tell. But it was dark when he was roused by a harsh voice in front of him. “ Come, sheer off, young fellow! It’s time you was out of the park! ” “ Yes, I’ll go,” said he, and walked slowly to the gate. He could not quit the park, but wandered round and round it outside its inhospitable palings, covering mile after mile of wet pavement, heedless of the now drenching rain, heedless of his hunger, heedless of his failing limbs. The noisy street had grown silent, and a clock near at hand had struck two when he found himself on the little bridge whj,ch crosses the neighboring canal. It was too dark to see the water below, but he heard the hard rain hissing 011 its surface. He had stood there before, in happier days, and wondered how men and women could choose, as they sometimes did, to end their misery in that nar- row streak of sluggish water. He wondered less now. Not that he felt tempted to follow them ; in his lowest depths of misery that door of escape had never allured him. Yet as he stood he felt fascinated, and even soothed, by the ceaseless noise of the rain 011 the invisible water beneath. It seemed almost like the voice of a friend far away. He had been listening for some time, crouching in a dark corner of the parapet, when he became aware of footsteps approaching. Imagining at first they were those of a policeman coming to dislodge the tramp from his lurking place, he prepared to get up and move on. But listening again he remained where he was. The footsteps were not those of a policeman. They approached fitfully, now quickly, now slowly, now stopping still for a moment or two, yet they were too agitated for those of a drunkard, and too uncertain for those of a fugitive from justice. As they drew near to the bridge they stopped once more, and Jeffreys, peer- ing through the darkness, saw a form clutching the railings, and looking down in the water. Then a voice groaned, “ Oh, my God ! ” and the foot- steps hurried on. Jeffreys had seen misery in many forms go past him before, but something impelled him now to rise and follow the footsteps of this wanderer. The splashing rain drowned every sound, and it was with difficulty that Jeffreys, weak and weary as he was, could keep pace with the figure flitting before him, for after that glance over the bridge the fugitive no longer halted in his pace, but went on rapidly. Across the bridge he turned and followed the high banks of the canal. Then he halted, apparently looking for a way down. It was a long, impatient1144 LIVING IT DOWN. search, but at last Jeffreys saw him descend along some railings which sloped down the steep grass slope almost to the towing path. Jeffreys followed with difficulty, and when at last he stood on the towing path the fugitive was not to be seen, nor was it possible to say whether he had turned right or left. Jeffreys turned to the right, and, anxiously scanning both the bank and the water, tramped along the muddy path. A few yards down he came upon a heap of stones piled up across the path. Any one clambering across this must have made noise enough to be heard twenty yards away, and, as far as he could judge in the darkness, no one had stepped upon it. He then turned back hurriedly and retraced his steps. The sullen water, hissing still under the heavy rain, gave no sign as he ran along its edge and scanned it with anxious eyes. The high bank on its left, beyond the palings, became inaccessible from below. The wanderer must, therefore, be before him on the path. For five minutes he ran on, straining his eyes and ears, when suddenly he stumbled. It was a hat upon the path. In a moment Jeffreys dived into the cold water. As he came to the sur- face and looked round there was nothing but the spreading circles of his own plunge to be seen, but a moment afterwards, close to the bank, he had a glimpse of something black rising for an instant and then disappearing. Three strokes brought him to the spot just as the object rose again. To seize it and strike out for the bank was the work of a moment. The man, for it was he, was alive, and as Jeffreys slowly drew him from the water he opened his eyes and made a faint resistance. “ Let me go ! ” he said, with an oatli; “ let me go ! ” But his head fell heavily on his rescuer’s shoulder while he spoke, and when at last he lay on the path he was senseless. Jeffreys carried him to the shelter of an arch, and there did what he could to restore animation. It was too dark to see the man’s face, but he could feel his pulse still beating, and presently he gave a sigh and moved his head. “ What did you do it for? ” he said, piteously. Jeffreys started. He knew the voice, hoarse and choked as it was. “ What’s your name? ” he said, raising the form in his arms and trying to see the face. “ Who are you ? ” “ I’ve got no name. Why couldn’t you let me be? ” “ Isn’t your name Trimble—Jonah Trimble? ” The poor fellow lifted his head with a little shriek. “ Oh, don’t give me up ! Don’t have me taken up ! Help me ! ” “ I will help you all I can, Trimble.” “ Why, you know me, then?—you’re-Who are you? ” “ I’m John Jeffreys.” Chapter XXXIV.—An Angel Unawares. In a wretched garret of a house in Store Alley, near Fuston, at the sick bed of his old enemy, Jeffreys reached a turning point in his life.LIVING IT DOWN. 1145 How he conveyed the half drowned Jonah on the night of the rescue from the canal bank to his lodgings he scarcely knew. The hand of a friend is often near when it is least expected. So Jonah had found, when he believed all hope and life to be gone ; and so Jeffreys had found, when, with his poor burden in his arms, he met, beside a barge at day- break, a dealer in vegetables for whom he had sometimes worked at Covent Garden, and who now, like a good Samaritan, not only gave the two a lift in his cart, but provided Jeffreys with an opportunity of earning a shilling. This shilling worked marvels, for both Trimble and Jeffreys were on the point of starvat ion ; and without food that night rescue would have been but a farce. It was soon evident that Jonah had far more the matter with him than the mere effects of his immersion. He was a wreck, body and soul. The dis- pensary doctor who called to see him gave him a fortnight to live, aud the one or two brave souls who penetrated on errands of mercy, even into Storr Alley, marked his hollow cough and sunken cheeks, and knew that before long one name more would drop out of their lists. It was slowly, and in fragments only, that Jeffreys heard his story. Jonah was forever reproaching him with what had happened on the canal bank. “Why couldn’t you have left a fellow alone? I know you wanted to gloat over me. Go on. Be as happy as you like. Kujoy your revenge. I did you a bad turn, now you’ve done me one, so we’re qtiits.” Here a fit of coughing would shake the breath out of the sufferer, and it would be a minute or two before he could proceed. Jeffreys wisely avoided all expostulations or self excuse. He smoothed the poor fellow’s pillow, and supported him in his arms until the cough was over and he could proceed. “ It wras a bad day you ever came to our school, John,”—Jonah had adopted the name by which Jeffreys was known in Storr Alley—“I hated you the first time I saw you. You’ve got the laugh on your side now; but I can tell you you wouldn’t have had it then if you knew the way I followed you up. Yes ”—and here came a shadow of his old sinister smile—“ I made it all fit in like a puzzle. Did you never miss a letter you had that day you called at the York post office—a letter about the dead burying their dead, and young Forrester—oh, yes you may start; I know all about it. I took that letter out of your pocket. And I know where 3'ou buried his body; do you suppose I didn’t see you throw yourself on the very place and say, ‘ It was here ? ’ You held your nose in the air, didn’t you, in the school ? and palmed yourself off on Freddy and Teddy Rosher for a model. But I bowled you out. I showed you up. That was the day of my laugh. Now you’ve got yours. ’ ’ The cough again stopped him; aud when he recovered his breath, Jeffreys said, quietly : “ Don’t talk, Jonah, you bring on your cough. Let me read to you.” Then for the remainder of that day the story would rest, till later on, Jonah would abruptly return to it.1146 LIVING IT DOWN. “ Mother believed in you, and cried a whole day after you had gone. Yes, and j'ou’ll be glad to hear the school broke up all to pieces. Farmer Rosher took away his boys and spread a report about us, and at the end of a month we scarcely had a dozen left. Mother and I lived like cat and dog. I struck work, and she had to do everything, and it broke her up. It would never have happened if you hadn’t come into the place. I couldn’t live there any longer. Mother had a little bit saved, fifty pounds or so, and one night, after we had had a terrible row, I took every penny of it out of her monej’ box and came up to London. Now are you pleased ? Hadn’t she something to bless you for? I say, John, get us some water quick, I’m parched.” On another day Jeffreys heard the rest. “ I came up to London, but it wasn’t the fun I expected. Everybody I met I thought was a detective ; and all night long I dreamed of 1113' mother. I tried to drown it, and lived as wild a life as 37ou like till my money was done. Then it would have been worth your while to see me. Everybody was against me. Fellows I’d stood treat to kicked me out into the street, and fellows who owed me money laughed in my face. I thought I’d go back to York after all and get mother to take me back ; but I couldn’t face it. “That’s all. I stood it as long as I could. I pawmed everything, and when that was done, I stole—and got three months 011 the treadmill. How do you like that ? When I got out a city missionary heard of me and found me a job ; but I stole again and ran away. You wouldn’t have thought I had it in me at York, would you? I was a respectable young fellow there. But it was all there ; and it was you brought it all out. Last week I made up my mind to put an end to it all. It took me a struggle to face it ; but I was settled to do it—and then, as if you hadn’t done enough harm, you come and spoil my last chance. ’ ’ “ Not your last chance, Jonah.” “ No. I’ve a week more to live. Then you’ll be rid of me.” He lingered day after day, and it was absolutely necessary for Jeffreys to go and seek work in order to keep even that wretched roof above their heads. One evening when he returned with a few coppers, Jonah met him with a face brighter than any that he had yet seen. “ I’ve had some one here today. A better sort than yon. One that’s got a right to talk about what’s better. A lady, John, or else an angel. Did jyou send her ? ’ * “I? No, I know no ladies.” “ I don’t know how it was, I could tell her anything—and I say, John, it would make you cry to hear her voice. It did me. You never made me cry, or saw me ; I hate to hear you preach ; but she—why she doesn’t preach at all, but she says all you’ve got to say a hundred times better.” He was excited and feverish that night, and in his sleep murmured scraps of the gentle talk of this ministering angel, which even from his lips fell with a reflected sweetness on the trouble tossed spirit of the watcher. Jeffreys had succeeded in getting a temporary job which took him away during the next two days. But each night on his return he found his invalid brighter and softened in spirit by reason of his angel’s visit.A TWENTIETH CENTURY DETECTIVE. 1147 “She’ll come tomorrow, John. You’ve been kind to me, John, and given up a lot for me, but if you were to hear her-” Here the dying youth could get no farther. He seemed much the same in the morning when Jeffreys started for work. The last words he said to his friend as he departed were : “ She’s coming again today.’’ When Jeffreys came home iu the evening the garret was silent, and on the bed lay all that remained on earth of Jonah Trimble. As he stood over the lifeless body his eyes fell on a scrap of paper lying on the pillow. Jeffreys caught it eagerly, and read in a turmoil of agitation : Your friend was not alone wlien he died, peacefully, this afternoon. He left a mes- sage for you. “ Tell him he was right when he told me I had a chance. If it had not - been for him I should have lost it.” He also said: “ Some day he may see mother and tell her about me. Tell her I died better than I lived.” Dear friend, whose name I do not know, don’t lose heart. God is merciful, and will be your friend when every one else is taken from you. It was not the words of this touching little message from the dead which brought a gasp to Jeffreys’ throat. The writing, hasty and agitated as it was, was a hand he had seen before. It was Raby’s writing. Talbot Baines Reed.. TO be continued. A TWENTIETH CENTURY DETECTIVE. Why Bond & Co. saw fit to employ John Smith on short notice—A bank robbery that was dis- covered under rather surprising circumstances and which develops astounding features. T WAS the confidential clerk of the firm of Bond & Co., bankers and dealers in securities. On a cold, stormy morning in December, Mr. Bond, the senior member of the firm, was an hour late in reaching the bank. Sev- eral customers were in the reception room waiting to see him, but following his usual custom he went direct to his private office to look over his mail. I was waiting for him when he came in and had his letters all arranged on his desk. The banker had just taken his seat and picked up the letter lying on top of the pile when there was a rap at the door. I opened it and one of the junior clerks handed a card tome. “The gentleman says he must see Mr. Bond at once, as his business is important and will admit of no delay ! ” said the clerk. While he was speak- ing I glanced at the card and read: John Smith, Detective. “ What is it? ” asked the banker, who had overheard the message deliv- ered by the clerk. I gave the card to him and glancing at it he repeated the name aloud. “ I never heard of the man. What is he like, Fred?” Mr. Bond asked, turning to the clerk who had brought the card. “ Middle age, well dressed, looks like a detective ! ” replied the clerk.1148 A TWENTIETH CENTURY DETECTIVE. ‘ ‘ Show him in. I will see what he wants. ’ ’ A few moments later John Smith, detective, entered the room with the manner of a man of business who has no time to waste. With a pleasant good morning to the head of the firm and a curt nod in my direction the detective placed his hat and gloves on a table and proceeded to talk business without delay. “ I called to see you about the robbery, Mr. Bond. I have never had the pleasure of doing any business with your firm, but you have possibly heard of my work in the Wills forgery case and my references will satisfy you of my standing in the profession. My specialty is criminal work, and having been in the business for twenty years I flatter myself that I am familiar with the faces and the methods of all the dangerous crooks in the country. This seems to have been a very clever job, but I believe that I can put my hand 011 the man who planned it, and if we can agree on terms I am confident that I can recover your property within forty eight hours. I take it that you are anxious to get back the securities without publicity.” By the time the detective had finished, Mr. Bond was facing him with an expression of surprise and anger mingled. “ What are you talking about, sir? There has been 110 robbery here. I do not understand you,” said the banker. “ You have not been robbed? That is strange. Then what is the mean- ing of this? ” As the detective spoke he handed to the banker a .slip of paper. It was a ‘ ‘ personal ’ ’ advertisement from a morning newspaper and read : If B-& Co., of -Street, wish to negotiate for the return of securities they can communicate with present holders by addressing through this column, X. Y. Z. Mr. Bond read the advertisement over several times and then turning to his visitor he said sharply : “ This is a hoax. We have lost no securities.” “ Then I am sorry to have troubled you,” and the detective turned as if to go. ‘ ‘ But are you quite sure that you have not been robbed ? ” he waited to add. There are some professional bank thieves in the city. Have you looked through the contents of your safe this morning.” Something in the tone of the man as he asked this question caused me to glance at him sharply. I saw that while he was apparently looking at the banker he was furtively searching every nook and corner of the room with his eyes. The question for a moment startled Mr. Bond and he turned toward the big steel safe. Then he walked over and tried the handles to make sure that it had not been opened. ‘‘No, we have not been robbed,” he said. “Our bank could not be entered easily and it would take considerable time for even an expert cracks- man to get in to one of the safes.” We had two large safes, one in the main office for the cash and books, the other in the private office of the head of the firm. In the latter were kept stocks, bonds, mortgages and private papers. Only members of the firm knew the combination of this safe. John Smith, apologized for his visit, gave his address and rattled off aA TWENTIETH CENTURY DETECTIVE. 1149 long list of references while putting 011 his gloves. Then he suddenly stopped short in his preparations for departure and turning to Mr. Bond said : “ Really sir, this matter puzzles me. It seems a strange sort of joke, this advertisement. Stippose you open your safe and make sure that you have not lost any securities ! ’ ’ The banker looked a trifle surprised, but he turned towards the safe with- out a word. “One moment, Mr. Bond, if you will pardon me,” said Smith, as he again removed his gloves. “You said just now that an entrance to your bank could not be easily effected. It is a good plan for you bankers not to undervalue the cunning and daring of some of the thieves who are now at large in the city. It is a part of my business to be a close observer and I notice that the top of your safe is visible from the street through a glass window that has no shade. Here is a door at the rear of your office.” As the detective spoke he walked across the room and opened the door which happened to be unlocked. “ Ah ! I see this opens into a lumber room, little used, evidently. Here is another door, opens out of the lumber room into a narrow, dark hall that leads to the main corridor and the elevators. ’ ’ The detective was exploring the exit as he talked and the banker and I were following close behind him, too much surprised to protest. “Front and cellar doors of the building are well secured at night, of course. Robbers could not get in that way. Ah, what have we here?” The detective was looking through a small window into the light shaft and we were close behind him. “ Narrow court extending back from the light and air shaft to an alley. Fire escape ladder within easy reach of this window ; extends all the way to the ground. No patent catch 011 the window. Can be opened from the out- side. No watchman in the alley probably ; easy to reach the fire escape ladder from that direction ; climb up, force the sash with a window jimmy, a short leap and there you are, inside the building. Eh, Mr. Bond ? Here, what is this? Finger marks on the panes of glass. Four marks on the glass, one on the wooden sash, just the way a man would catch hold of the window to push it up or pull it down. Never be too sure that a robber cannot find a way to get into your house. Why in the Stonington burglary case-’ ’ ‘ ‘ Do you think some one has broken into the building ? ’ ’ Mr. Bond sud- denly asked, with a show of nervousness. “ I cannot say, but as I have shown you, it is evident that they could.” “ Well if they broke in here they would still have to force two doors to get into the bank.” John Smith, detective, laughed aloud. “ Why, my dear sir, a burglar who would break down a door is a mere bungling amateur. Skeleton keys and steel wires solve the problem. Now let us have a look at your safe.” The three of us returned to the private office of the head of the firm and the detective dropping on one knee in front of the safe made a hasty exant- ination of the door. Then he turned to the banker with a grave face.1150 A TWENTIETH CENTURY DETECTIVE. “ Mr. Bond, I am afraid your safe has been tampered with.” The banker looked at him with a smile of doubt. “ You see,” continued the detective, “ the skilful bank burglar of today does not break a safe. He is too good a mechanic for that. By placing a short ear tube with the sharp edges of the steel bulb over the mechanism of the lock, the trained ear of the expert soon detects the combination as it is revealed by the faint clicking souud made by turning the knob. He can then uulock the safe, secure his booty and locking it again, leave scarcely a trace of his work on the outside. If you look closely you will see just to the right of the knob some faint marks on the door..) They may have been made by the slipping of the steel bulb or cup of the ear tube while the robber was locating the combination wheel of the lock.” The banker looked at the door of the safe and when he saw the marks described his face turned pale. With trembling fingers he caught hold of the knob and began to unlock the safe while John Smith stood by with a smile of satisfaction on his face. Iu a few moments the heavy steel doors swung open and Mr. Bond drew forth three small boxes which I knew contained bonds, stocks and other securities of great value. He hurriedly examined the contents of the first box and found them correct, but his excitement increased as he turned to the second. This box contained a greater number of papers and it took several minutes to examine all of them. The detective stood at the banker’s side, an interested spectator of the search, while I watched the proceedings from the other side of the table.	■> The search of the second box completed, the detective took up the third one and poured the contents in a heap on the table in front of the banker. In placing the empty box to one side, his hands passed over the pile of papers. Mr. Bond was quite pale and nervous by this time and seemed to forget the presence of the stranger. In a few moments he uttered an exclamation of surprise and alarm and at once began to go through the mass again. By the time he had completed the second search I saw that big drops of perspiration were standing on his face. ‘ ‘ They are gone ! ” he cried out at last. “ Something of value? ” asked the detective in a quiet tone. “ Yes, bonds worth $200,000 in the market. They were deposited by a customer two days ago. ’ ’ “ Then the advertisement is not a joke.” The other members of the firm were called in and the contents of the safe were again carefully gone over. There was no mistake. A package of bonds was missing. While the bank people with pale and anxious faces discussed the robbery, the detective stood a little distance away, looking quite uncon- cerned, but apparently awaiting orders. After the first excitement of the discovery of the loss had subsided, Mr. Bond explained to his partners about the mysterious advertisement in the morning paper and the visit of the detective. Then the latter was called into consultation and after he had again furnished a long list of references he was employed by the firm to recover the bonds.A TWENTIETH CENTURY DETECTIVE. U5t He seemed well pleased to get the case and assured the firm that the securities would be recovered. At his suggestion it was decided to say noth- ing about the robbery and to keep it out of the newspapers at all hazards. Mr. Smith also suggested that if the firm had any reason to doubt his ability to recover their property that they report the case to the police. They agreed to give him three days to demonstrate what he could do. The following morning there was a “ personal” in the paper addressed to X. Y. Z. appointing an interview'. The firm had authorized Smith to make terms for the recovery of the bonds. On the morning of the second day after the discovery of the robbery John Smith called at the bank and again sent in his card to the head of the firm. He was received at once. “ What success? ” Mr. Bond asked. “ Fair ! I have located the property ; but we have a crafty rascal to deal with.” “ Make any terms you please ; only recover the bonds before the fact of the robbery becomes public. ’ ’ ‘ ‘ That is business, now we can get along. The robber demands twenty per cent, or $40,000 for the return of the bonds.” The banker gasped, but finding that no better terms could be made finally agreed to pay the amount. “ There is one other condition,” continued the detective. “ What is it?” “ You must agree not to prosecute.” “ Very well, we will agree to that.” Then John Smith drew from his pocket a very legal looking docunYent which had evidently been drawn by a lawyer. Mr. Bond read it aloud. It was an agreement on the part of his firm that in consideration of the return of the stolen bonds they would keep the matter quiet and take no steps to secure the arrest or conviction of any of the guilty parties. The banker finally agreed to sign it. “You have a notary in the bank? ” the detective asked. “Yes.” “Then we may as well have this document signed now and attested in proper legal form.” Mr. Bond signed it for the firm and the signature was certified by the notary of the bank. “ I stippose you have the amount of the reward at hand ? ” “ You want the money now ? ” “ Certainly, it must be paid in advance. The people with whom we are dealing never take any chances. ’ ’ The banker went to the safe and returning with a roll of bills of large denomination counted out the sum of $40,000. The detective counted the money over again very carefully aud finding the amount correct, thrust the bills into the inside pocket of his coat with a smile of satisfaction. Then from another pocket he drew forth a package and handed it to the banker.1152 VIOLETS. “ I think you will find your bonds all there,” he said quietly as he arose and put on his overcoat. Mr. Bond hastily opened the package and spreading the contents on the table in front of him he saw at a glance they were the securities that had been stolen. “How is this? Look here, sir, how did you get• possession of these securities? ” cried the banker starting up from his chair. ‘ ‘ They were intrusted to me for negotiation by the man who robbed you. I am well known in my profession and I always keep my word, even with a bank robber, so they do not hesitate to trust me that far. You have my card and if you require the services of a detective at any time I trust you will not forget me. Good day ! ” With a bow and a smile the man who had recovered the bonds walked out of the office, leaving the head of the firm somewhat perplexed, but well pleased to get back the securities of a customer. A moment later the door flew open and the junior member of the firm rushed into the room, pale with excitement. ‘ ‘ Where is he ? Stop him ! Don’t let him escape ! ’ ’ ‘ ‘ Stop whom ? What are you talking about ? ’ ’ cried Mr. Bond. “ The man who called himself John Smith ! He is not a detective ! There is no such person at the address he gave ! Good heavens, Mr. Bond, that man is the greatest bank sneak in the world. He is known as ‘ Slippery Joe ! ’ He stole the bonds when you opened the safe ! Come, he must not get away ! ’ ’ There was a wild rush for the outer office, led by the head of the firm, Mr. Bond, but by the time we reached the street, John Smith, detective, had disappeared in the busy throng always surging up and down the crowded thoroughfare. Walter L. Hawley. VIOLETS. Welcome, maids of honor ! You do bring In the spring And wait upon her. She has virgins many Fresh and faire ; Yet you are More sweet than any. Y’ are the maiden posies. And so grac’t, To be plac’t ’Fore damask roses. Robert Herrick.