The Crisis TEACHERS' NUMBER THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Volume Two JUNE 1911 Number Two ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY HARRIET BEECHER STOWE CENTENARY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION for the ADVANCEMENT of COLORED PEOPLE OBJECT.—The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is an organization composed of men and women of all races and classes who believe that the present widespread increase of prejudice against colored races and particularly the denial of rights and opportunities to ten million Americans of Negro descent is not only unjust and a menace to our free institutions, but also is a direct hindrance to World Peace and the realization of Human Brotherhood. METHODS.—The encouragement of education and efforts for social uplift; the dissemination of literature; the holding of mass meetings; the maintenance of a lecture bureau; the encouragement of vigilance committees; the investigation of complaints; the maintenance of a Bureau of Information; the publication of TH E CRISIS; the collection of facts and publication of the truth. ORGANIZATION.—All interested persons are urged to join our organization —associate membership costs $ 1, and contributing and sustaining members pay from $2 to $25 a year. FUNDS.—We need $10,000 a year for running expenses of this work and particularly urge the necessity of gifts to help on our objects. OFFICERS.—The officers of the organization are: National President — Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston, Mass. Chairman of the Executive Committee— Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Treasurer—Mr. Walter E. Sachs, New York. Director of Publicity and Research—Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, New York. Executive	 Secretary—Miss Mary W. Ovington, New York. COMMITTEE.—Our work is carried on under the auspices of the following General Committee, in addition to the officers named: "Miss Gertrude Barnum, New York. #Rev. W. H Brooks, New York. Prof. John Dewey, New York. Miss Maud R. IngersoII, New York. Mrs. Florence Kelley, New York. "Mr. Paul Kennaday, New York. •Mrs.	 F. R. Keyser, New York. Dr. Chas. Lenz, New York. Mr. Jacob W. Mack, New York. "Mrs. M. D. MacLean, New York. Rev. Horace G. Miller, New York. Mrs. Max Morgenthau, Jr., New York. Mr. James F. Morton, Jr., New York. Mr. Henry Moskowitz, New York. Miss Leonora O'Reilly, New York. "Rev. A. Clayton Powell, New York. "Mr. Charles Edward Russell, New York. Mr. Jacob H. Schiff, New York. Prof. E. R. A. Seligman, New York. "Rev. Joseph Silverman, New York. Mrs. Anna Garlin Spencer, New York. Mrs. Henry Villard, New York. Miss Lillian D. Wald, New York. "William English Walling, New York. 'Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. Dr. Stephen S. Wise, New York. "Rev. John Haynes Holmes, Brooklyn, N . Y. Miss M . R. Lyons, Brooklyn, N . Y . "Miss M. W. Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. "Dr. O. M . Waller, Brooklyn, N . Y . Mrs. M. H. Talbert, Buffalo, N. Y. Hon. Thos. M. Osborne, Auburn, N. Y. "Mr. W. L. Bulkley, Ridgefield Park, N. J Mr. George W. Crawford, New Haven, Conn. Miss Maria Baldwin, Boston, Mass. Mr. Francis J. Garrison, Boston, Mass. Mr. Archibald H. Grimke, Boston, Mass. "Mr. Albert E. Pillsbury, Boston, Mass. Mr. Wm. Munroe Trotter, Boston, Mass. Dr. Horace Bumstead, Brookline, Mass. Miss Elizabeth C. Carter, New Bedford, Mass. Prest. Chas. T. Thwing, Cleveland, O. Mr. Chas. W . Chesnutt, Cleveland, O. Prest H. C. King, Oberlin, O. Prest. W. S. Scarborough, Wilberforcc, O. •Miss Jane Addams, Chicago, Ill. •Mrs. Ida B. Wells Barnett, Chicago, ILL. •Dr.	 C. E. Bentley, Chicago, Ill. Miss Sophronisba Breckenridge, Chicago, Ill. Mr. Clarence Darrow, Chicago, Ill. •Mrs. Celia Parker Woolley, Chicago, Ill. •Dr. N. F. Mossell, Philadelphia, Pa. "Dr.	 Wm. A. Sinclair, Philadelphia, Pa. Miss Susan Wharton, Philadelphia, Pa. Mr. R. R. Wright, Jr., Philadelphia, Pa. Mr. W. Justin Carter, Harrisburg, Pa. Rev. Harvey Johnson, D.D., Baltimore, Md. Hon. Wm. S. Bennett, Washington, D. C Mr. L . M . Hershaw, Washington, D. C. Prof. Kelly Miller, Washington, D. C. Prof. L. B. Moore. Washington, D. C. Justice W . P. Stafford, Washington, D. C.•Mrs. Mary Church Terrell, Washington, D. "Rev.	 J. Milton Waldron, Washington, D. C. Prest. John Hope, Atlanta, Ga. Mr. Leslie P. Hill, Manassas, Va. " Executive Committee. OFFICES: Suite 311, 20 Vesey Street, New York. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Published by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, at 20 Vesey Street, New York City. W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS. Editor 	OSWALD GARRISON V1LLARD J. MAX BARBER CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL M . D. MACLEAN , Managing Editor Contributing FRANK M. TURNER, Circulation Manager Editors W. S. BRAITHWAITE ALBON L. HOLSEY. Advertising Manager KELLY MILLER CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1911 ALONG THE COLOR LINE 49 MEN OF THE MONTH: Col. T. W. Higginson 54 Edward D. Green 54 Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Wibecan, Sr 55 OPINION - 56 N.	 A. A. C. P 60 The Lakewood Case. The Delaware Case. The Kentucky Lynching. t EDITORIAL 62 THE FREEDMEN'S FRIENDS: Some Founders of Negro Education 66 HARRIET BEECHER STOWE: Portrait by Richmond 68 HARRIET BEECHER STOWE'S PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE NEGRO CHARACTER. By Charles Edward Stowe 69 VACATION OPPORTUNITIES. By G. S. Dickerman 71 COLORED HIGH SCHOOLS 73 THE BURDEN 76 THE BLACK SOLDIER: A Letter from Gen. G. M. Dodge 77 WOMEN'S CLUBS: Caring for the Children. By A. W. Hunton 78 A COLLEGE GIRL'S CREDO. By Miriam E. Oatman 79 TALKS ABOUT WOMEN. By Mrs. John E. Milholland 80 WHAT TO READ 81 Agents wanted who can furnish reliable references. Entered as second-class matter in the post office at New York City. The July number of TH E CRISIS will be a vacation number. It will contain an article on Colored Athletes by Edwin B. Henderson, of Washington. D. C., illustrated by photographs of many celebrated men. There will also be an analysis of the segregation situation in the city of Baltimore. This is to certify that I print twelve thousand Sworn to before me this 17th day of May, copies of the June Crisis, 1911. 1911. EGBERT N. WOOD, Printer, P. J. BURKE, 202 East 99th St. Notary Public, N. T. C. 48 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Marshall's Hotel 127-129 West 53d Street Telephones 4693-4694 Columbus SPECIAL FEATURE BEGINNING FEBRUARY 1 Breakfast, 7:30 to 12:30, 30c. Luncheon, 12:30 to 3 p. m., 30c. Regular Dinner, 6 to 8, 35 c. Special Course Dinner Every Sunday and Holidays, 50c. Service and Food Unsurpassed Anywhere Good Music—Vocal and Instrumental Shell Fish a Specialty Restaurant Open All Night J. L. MARSHALL, Proprietor This Is 	Few people see you Many people see your letters THE CRISIS Use Good Stationery Correct in Type, Proofreading and Style. I print it. Not the cheapest; but the best for the money charged " -• SPECIALTY = Why? Wedding Invitations printed or engraved — correct style Ask Editor W. E. B. Du Bois by permission WRITE OR PHONE TO ROBERT N. WOOD, Printer 202 East 99th Street New York City 'Phone Lenox 6667 'Phone 2877 Lenox N. Washington Mrs. J. N. Washington Proprietor Manager White Rose Working Girls' Home 217 EAST 86TH STREET Hotel Washington Bet. Second and Third Avenues 3252 WABASH AVENUE Pleasant temporary lodgings for working girls, CHICAGO with privileges, at reasonable rates. The Home solicits orders for working dresses,	 aprons, etc. First-class Service for First-class People Address: Rates: 75c, $1.00 and $2.00 Per Day MBS. FRANCES R. KEYSER, Supt. Telephone Aldine 516 Mention The Crisis 1 V —^ Along the Color Line POLITICAL. The Republican candidate for Mayor of Baltimore has been defeated largely, it is said, through the reluctance of the colored men to vote for him. His record on the Negro question is not good. The claim is made that Carter H . Harrison, Democrat, owes his election as Mayor of Chicago to the colored voters. This is the fifth time Mr. Harrison has served as Mayor. During his previous terms he appointed more colored men to office than any mayor had done before, advancing them, especially in the police force, to positions of responsibility. The elder Harrison, when he administered the city government, organized the first colored fire company, and employed Negroes regularly on the police force. The family has deserved so well of the race that many Negro voters seized the opportunity to show their gratitude and it is said that the small majority by which Mr. Harrison was elected was made up of their ballots. &lt;J Walter Cohen, Register of the New Orleans Land Office, the last Negro Federal officeholder of any importance in Louisiana, was thrown out of a job by the merging of the New Orleans and Natchitoches Federal Land Offices, with headquarters at Baton Rouge. The Register of the Natchitoches Land Office, a white Republican, was placed in charge of the consolidated office at Baton Rouge. Mr. Cohen gave out a statement to the newspapers, in which he bitterly attacked the national administration for its refusal to recognize Negroes. He will vigorously oppose the "Lily-Whites." &lt;I A dispatch from West Virginia says that three State senators face "a serious proposition." Their three counties have a large colored population, and there is an alleged possibility that only colored candidates will be nominated in a primary. "If a primary law can be constructed so as to relieve this situation little opposition is to be expected." There is some trouble also in Norfolk County, Virginia. A large number of Negroes have paid their poll taxes and are entitled to vote. Some "leaders," gifted in psychology, give it as their opinion that "most of the Negroes pay their poll taxes in order to be able to vote and not because of any patriotic impulse that might lead them to contribute that amount toward the expenses of running the government." This situation also may be "relieved." &lt;] The Negro National Democratic Convention opened in Indianapolis on May 17 for a three days' session. About 200 delegates attended. James S. Greene, of Georgia, was chairman, and W. H . Grant, ex-auditor in the Treasury Department at Washington, was secretary. &lt;J Dr. Henry W. Furniss, of Indianapolis, since 1905 the United States Minister at Port au Prince, Hayti, has sent his resignation to the State Department. The State Department gives no reasons and no one knows who will be Dr. Furniss' successor. The place pays a salary of $10,000 per annum. EDUCATION. At the opening of The World in Boston Missionary Convention the forty-fifth anniversary of the founding of Fisk University was celebrated. President Taft sent a letter in which he said: "I am not one of those who believe that it is well to educate the mass of Negroes with academic or university education. On the contrary, I am firmly convinced that the hope of the Negro is in his industrial education throughout the South, and in teaching him to • be a better farmer, a better carpenter, a better machinist, and a better blacksmith than he is now, and to make more blacksmiths and more good farmers than there now are among the Negroes." However, the letter carefully added that he had also become convinced it is necessary to have a few high-class universities for those who are to be the leaders of the race. Nothing, he wrote in conclusion, can do so much toward establishing a real nucleus for leadership among them as the maintenance of such a university as Fisk. Mr. Charles Edward Stowe, son of Harriet Beecher Stowe, was of a less divided mind. "Not only justice, but self-interest," he said, "demand the education of the Negro. To shut the door of opportunity on the Negro, to relegate to him the lowest place and shut the door of hope upon him is to make him desperate." &lt;J Miss Virginia McCormick has made a gift of $4,500 to the Agricultural and Mechanical College for Negroes at Normal, Alabama. 50 THE &lt;I A dispatch from Jackson, Mississippi, says that a colored planter who does not wish his name disclosed has just given to Campbell College, a Negro institution, maintained by the African Methodist Episcopal Church, a large tract of land in Cohoma County, valued at $7,000, the income of which is to go for the maintenance of poor but worthy students. •I Another anonymous philanthropist belonging to New York is said to have given $10,000 to the Curry Industrial School for Negro youths in Champaign County, Ohio. &lt;J The announcement is made that the presidency of Selma University, Selma, Ala., has been accepted by the Rev. M . W. Gilbert, D.D., lately of New York. Dr. Gilbert is one of the best-known clergymen of the Baptist denomination. He succeeds Dr. R. T. Pollard. 1$ The Society of French Professors of America has awarded the prix d'honneur for a French essay on a literary topic and a translation of a French author to James Bertram Clarke, the colored student at Cornell University, whose recent article on the Negro question at Cornell caused a storm of comment. Mr. Clarke was also awarded other prizes. He is a junior in the College of Arts. Part of the exercises of the seminary commencement at Oberlin consist in the presentation by the senior class of a "Key of Fellowship" to the middle class. This year Mr. D. H. Sims, of the middle class, a colored student, was chosen to make the speech of acceptance. &lt;I Miss F. Marion Reid, an eighteenyear-old colored girl, will be valedictorian of her class in Brighton, Mass., this month. She gained an average of about 92 points out of a possible 100 in her four years' course. This mark places her at the head, or very near the head, of the 1.291 pupils who will receive diplomes in the fourteen Boston high schools. According to the Boston papers Miss Reid hopes to enter the domestic science department of Simmons College in the fall. &lt;I Edward Winthrop Robinson, the only colored member of the graduating class of the Weymouth, Mass., high school, has been awarded a scholarship for Am herst College. He has always stood high in his classes. There are 55 pupils in the class and no one else secured a scholarship. He hopes to enter the Harvard Law School after finishing at Amherst. &lt;J Mary Frances Gunner, daughter of the Rev. Byron Gunner, of Hillburn. N. Y., has led her class in the High School during the course, and has averaged over 90, completing a four years' course in three years, although she is the youngest member of the class. She has been chosen valedictorian. CRISIS &lt;I Judge Pritchard, who served two terms as senator from North Carolina, has been lecturing in the West on "The Negro as a Good Citizen." He described their fight for social betterment and said more schools were needed. &lt;J Mr. David Mannes, who founded the Music Settlement, to cultivate the musical talent of children on the lower East Side of New York, has launched a project to establish a simliar settlement in a colored neighborhood. At the first meeting Dr. Felix Adler, of the Ethical Culture Society, made a speech praising the naturally harmonic ear of the colored race. "We should aim," he said, "at the outset to develop the distinctive and unique talent which the colored people possess." &lt;J There was a great deal of discussion North and South some time ago about the protest at Roanoke College, Va., against the use of a history which criticized sharply the- moral conditions of slavery times and the frequent abuse of women slaves by their masters. It seems that Dr. J. A. Moorhead, as president of Roanoke, has issued a statement in regard to the whole matter. One of the trustees was very angry at finding such assertions in Elson's History of the United States, and demanded that the book be no longer used and the professor of history be censured for introducing it. The college faculty refused to yield to dictation in this matter. It seems, too, that the trustees sustained the position of the professor of history and social science, but the use of the book has nevertheless been discontinued. Mr. Elson's work has been a good deal of a firebrand, as Professor Banks of the State University of Florida was dismissed for using it in his classes, and also for writing an article in the Independent to the effect that slavery had been a curse to the South. &lt;J Wagner County of Oklahoma has disposed with the services of Negro school directors. The Wagner County American says that report accuses some directors of having violated the limitations of the law as to the money that should be spent on school libraries. Several white school directors were removed for violating the same law, but all the colored directors, innocent or guilty, have been dismissed. &lt;I The Washington Conservatory of Music reports that in its seven and a half years' existence it has registered over 1,000 pupils. A number of scholarships are annually awarded. One of the special aims of the conservatory is the preservation and development of Negro melodies, and another is the training of music teachers for the South. Mrs. Harriet Gibbs-Marshall, an Oberlin graduate, is the president of the Board of Managers. ALONG THE (ft Gale P. Hilyer, son of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew F. Hilyer, of Washington, D. C., a junior at the University of Minnesota, which has over 5,000 students, is making a splendid record for scholarship and has won distinction as a speaker. He was chosen by the Minnesota State Forum (colored) to represent Minnesota at the recent interstate debate at Des Moines, Iowa, and has just been chosen by the faculty of the university, after having gone through the usual elimination contests, to be one of six to compete in the contest for the Pills- bury prize for oratory—$100 to the first; $50 to the second; $25 to the third. The winner is to have the honor of representing the University of Minnesota at the Northwestern Intercollegiate Oratorical Contest, which takes place at Ann Arbor, Mich., this month. Young Hilyer was prepared for college at the Academy of Howard University. He entered the Minnesota University without any "conditions," and has established a record for high scholarship. The University of Minnesota is the alma mater of his father, who graduated A.B., in the class of 1882, and has many friends in the twin cities. &lt;J Effort is being made to amend Ohio school laws so as to permit segregation of Negroes in schools more easily than at present. Some Cincinnati Negroes favor it because white teachers are prejudiced. W . P. Dabney, colored paymaster in the city treasurer's office, says: "I can see no more reason for the separation of colored children than I can for having separate schools for Hun garians, separate schools for Italians or any other race or color of people. W e are all citizens, all taxpayers, directly or indirectly. Instead of establishing schools that will still further promote race antagonism let us rather bring the races together. If a colored child, any particular colored child, is unfit to attend a school, let that particular child be excluded, just as you would exclude any particular white child. I am most decidedly against the separate school plan. It looks to me that it is a clever scheme for some colored men to get a job for themselves and is not for the purpose of promoting the welfare of the race." ECONOMIC. It is thought that the largest colony of colored people in the world, in similar limits, is to be found in New York in the small territory bounded by Eighth Avenue and Fifth Avenue on the west and east and 132d and 137th Streets on the south and north. In that space there are more than 20,000 persons of African descent. The National League for the Protec COLOR LINE tion of Colored Women, now directed by Mrs. W. H. Baldwin, Jr., has just completed a census of the district. There are nineteen churches, representing eight denominations. From approximate in-' formation given there is a church membership of about one-third and an attendance of little more than half of the population. The number of colored churches in the section are: Eight Baptist, one M. E., one A. M. E., one Presbyterian, one Moravian, one Episcopalian, two United Christian, one Cosmopolitan Spiritualist, two Apostolic missions and one Seventh Day Adventist. There are three public schools, two of which teach trades and industries, and each has some facilities for recreation. There is an average attendance of 5,270 —colored attendance, 1,514. "Worthy of note in two blocks are industrial conditions observed in which Negroes are engaged. Investigations show that there are ten grocers, ten res taurants, one oyster house, one laundry, two schools, nine hair dressers, eleven barbers, four undertakers, ten real estate offices, one bakery, nine employment agencies, one pharmacist, six ice, coal and wood dealers, two confectioners, four expressmen, one chiropodist and six tailors." There are also forty-four saloons and "clubs," eight run by colored men, and seven "street gangs" of boys, formed apparently for defense against aggression on the part of the white youth of the neighborhood. f$ The True Reformers of Richmond, the organization whose bank suspended recently because of financial irregularities, has had its license restored by the insurance commissioners of Virginia. The Richmond Reformer, the society's organ, says that while they have not done any new work for some time they never stopped paying claims, and more than $30,000 has been paid in death claims to creditors since the license was suspended—a sum greater than that paid by any other like society in the same time. The Durham (N. C.) Reformer says: "The struggle which the officers and members have hitherto made is indeed heroic. To have raised nearly $40,000 in face of the disaster which had almost engulfed the order is a feat to be eminently proud of. We have little doubt since this has been done that those in command will be able to carry the True Reformers to complete rehabilitation." ^ The Columbia State says in ten years 1,597 Negroes, one-half the Negro population, left the town of Beaufort. The Orangeburg Democrat wonders where they have gone. The population of the coast counties of South Carolina has not increased. There are no evidences that the Negroes have increased in the in THE CRISIS terior of the State, signs pointing directly contrary. Examination of the census figures so far published, says the Democrat, tend to the conclusion that the publication of the census race figures will reveal that South Carolina is losing a considerable part of its colored population and that the ratio of Negroes to whites in the State has grown perceptibly smaller. &lt;I The Plaindealer, a (white) Palestine, Texas, paper, bears witness to the advance of the colored men in that ill-famed town. It says ten years have brought about a great change in Negro business enterprise in Palestine. More of the colored men are owning homes, operating business houses, accumulating property and real estate and investing in various commercial projects. Grocery stores, dry goods stores, bank, printing offices, real estate business, all of which are thriving, are owned and operated by Negroes. f]| Colonel Allensworth's colored colony in California has grown into a thriving little town named after the founder. It already boasts a postoffice, hotel, school, telephone exchange, a church, several general stores, and other places of business. It controls several thousand acres of land along the Santa Fe Railroad, through which an irrigation system has been completed. SOCIAL UPLIFT. The American Tuberculosis Exhibition is going through the South and attempting especially to attract the attention of colored people. Special programs have been arranged for them under the charge of colored committees. The exhibition seems to have done good educational work, for we note the Natchez (Miss.) Times says that while the "dread destroyer of all the colored races in America" is tuberculosis, this is so not because of race or color, but because of the living conditions of the great majority. It is probable that the new tuberculosis sanatorium at Atlanta will have a judiciously remote annex for colored patients, though this idea was not a part of the original plan. "The plan, as it is being now considered, of course does not contemplate any intercourse whatever between the white and colored patients." The city of Norfolk, Va., reports that the $6,000 allowed for the establishment of a colored tuberculosis clinic seems to have been well spent. In Colorado the Charles Sumner National Tuberculosis Association has been organized "not for pecuniary profit," but especially for the relief of colored people. &lt;J The Howard Colored Orphan Asylum moves on June 1 from Brooklyn to its new home at King's Park, Long Island. The new location consists of 572 acres of well-cultivated land, a gas plant which supplies all the buildings with lighting fluid, and a water plant, with an 18,000gallon tank and fourteen horsepower gas engine, capable of irrigating the farm. Seven new buildings are almost completed. The old ones are being repaired, the entire cost amounting to $100,000. •J Subscriptions for a $100,000 building to be used as a headquarters in Atlanta for the colored Odd Fellows of Georgia, are well under way. The sum of $65,000 has been already raised. A campaign to complete the desired amount will be started on June 1. 1$ Recently the Atlanta recruiting station received orders from the War Department to enlist colored recruits for the Twenty-fourth Regiment, which was under orders to sail for the Philippines. The response was instantaneous, and in a short time more men had applied than could be taken. &lt;I A unique feature of the Confederate Memorial Day celebration at Newberry. S. C , was the presentation to an old Negro, Ned Gilliam, of a badge for heroism. Gilliam, at the risk of his life, recovered the body of his master from the field of battle at Fredericksburg, and dug a temporary grave for it. As soon as possible he carried the body back home to South Carolina for final burial. &lt;J Among the awards of the Carnegie Hero Medal Commission, last month, was the following: To Boyce Lindsay (colored), sixteen, saved E. Reynolds-Smith from train at Spartanburg, S. C, May 26, 1910. Bronze medal and $2,000 as needed for educational purposes. &lt;I Theodore Cable, Harvard's colored athlete, broke the Harvard record for the hammer throw in the annual Harvard handicap games held at the Harvard stadium. Cable's heave measured 150 feet 7 7-10 inches. The previous, record made in the intercollegiate games in 1907 was 149 feet 6 inches. Mr. Cable is in his freshman year, and during the winterjump.  won second place in the broad ^ One of the four runners who repre sented Boston in the Pennsylvania relay carnival and won the race was a colored boy, I. T. Howe, of the Boston High School. This team also defeated the Boston Latin School and the Harvard freshmen last winter. THE CHURCH. An odd example of "Christianity" comes from South Carolina, where Bishop Guerry, of the Episcopal Church, has been asked to appoint a Negro Suffragan bishop. Although the movement is reported to have "ardent supporters," the bishop says he is consistently opposed to it, largely because it would ALONG THE make it "awkward and practically impossible" for any white priest or layman engaged in colored work or desirous of doing this work in the South to serve under a Negro bishop. "What the Negro needs more than anything else, in my judgment," said Bishop Guerry, with a somewhat notable lack of humor, "is the loving guidance and spiritual counsel and help of the white race." LEGAL. The following tale is of a sort rarely told. In Detroit one David Markowitz, proprietor of a small theatre, forcibly ejected a colored ticket holder who took the case to court. Judge Jeffries sat the day of the trial. "Have you ever been arrested for drawing the color line before?" asked the judge, before passing sentence. "Yes, your honor," said Markowitz; "I was convicted and fined $25 by Judge Stein for discriminating against colored people, but I appealed it and Judge Connolly threw the case out of court." "Well, I want you to understand that no discrimination against colored people is allowed by the laws of Michigan. It must be stopped," said the judge. "The only disturbance created in your theatre was created by yourself." And Markowitz was fined $10 or ten days in jail, with a warning that another offense would bring a heavier sentence. CRIME. At the Negro Fellowship meeting in Chicago, of which Mrs. Ida B. Wells-Barnett is the president, an open letter was sent to the Christian Endeavor Union on the evil of lynching. The League calls attention to the fact that a month after the Springfield riot with its "notorious exhibition of savagery," several Christian bodies were in session in that county, and "did not find anybody to indict for this outrage against human principle and Christianity." The League urges the Christian Endeavor Union "to use some of its powerful influence against these sickening evidences of barbarism and savagery." &lt;J McLean County was startled by the arrest of eighteen alleged members of the mob that lynched Will Porter on the stage of the Livermore Opera House on the night of April 12. The Grand Jury, composed of twelve Kentucky farmers, has been at work on the case for a week. It is believed that all the men involved will be arrested. Q The Lethbridge (Alberta) Daily Herald gives an interesting tale of "crime" in Canada. A fifteen-year-old girl was found in the kitchen of her home supposedly bound, gagged and chloroformed. She told a story of assault com- COLOR LINE mitted by a "black, burly Negro." The polite arrested a colored man, but allowed him to go, as there was no case against him. Upon investigation it was learned that nothing was stolen from the house, that there were no bruises or injuries on the girl from the alleged assault, but that she had lost a ring and some money, which loss she feared would bring reprimand and rebuke from her parents. She thought out the scheme of binding her hands and slipping a handkerchief around her mouth, but made the error of tying an eye bandage over her forehead instead of her eyes. This fact aroused the suspicion of the police, and when openly charged with doing the thing herself she confessed. AFRICA. Monseigneur Gaughren, Vicar-Apostolic of Kimberley, has issued a letter on the subject of the bill to prohibit marriage between the races. He says: "While many are agreed that marriages between the white and the black races are. generally speaking, very undesirable, and while we can, therefore, give Mr. Grobler credit for the best of intentions in introducing the prohibitory clauses in the Marriage Bill, nevertheless, in view of the deplorable consequences certain to result from the adoption of this clause, it is the duty of every lover of the country to protest against it, and to oppose it by every legitimate means. The result of a mixed marriage of the kind referred to is, at worst, but a physical evil, while the prohibition will issue in a flood of moral evil incomparably more ruinous and degrading. A n effect probably not foreseen by the author of the clause is that it will, if accepted, bring men, whose great desire is to live as dutiful and law-abiding citizens, into conflict with the law. Whatever the new law may enact, it will be the duty of the Catholic clergy, for whom I speak with authority, to bless marriages of the kind referred to, if their people call upon them to do so. They must take the consequences of their opposition to the law of Parliament, in order to be faithful to the law of God." &lt;J The next President of Liberia will be Daniel E. Howard, now Secretary of the Treasury. The Vice-president will be Senator S. C. Harmon, of Grand Bassa, a port town about half way down the Liberian coast. The Liberians elect their President in much the manner that prevails in the United States, but they have only one political party and the nomination is the same as an election. Mr. Howard has made a good Secretary of the Treasury, and his experience in financial matters will be much to his advantage in this critical period of Li beria's history. The Vice-president is pre-eminently a business man. Men of the Month COL. T. W. HIGGINSON. Al l friends of human liberty will grieve over the death on May 9 of Colonel Thomas Wentworth Higginson, aged 87 years. Colonel Higginson died at his COL. T. W. HIGGINSON home in Cambridge, Mass., and six Negro soldiers bore to his grave this lifelong champion of their race. Born in Cambridge, Mass., in 1823, the son of Stephen Higginson, steward of Harvard, he was from his earliest days surrounded by literary influences. As soon as he had his degree, Mr. Higginson entered the Harvard Divinity School and in 1847 was called to the ministry of the First Religious Society of Newburyport, Mass. The young preacher's strong antislavery views soon got him into trouble. Many of his congregation were sea captains who believed in the "peculiar institution," and one of them was the man who cast William Lloyd Garrison into jail. They soon tired of the fervent abolitionist and he went to Worcester, where with Theodore Parker he established the Free Church. During this pastorate, which lasted for six years, Mr. Higginson was concerned in the attempt to rescue Anthony Burns from the Boston Court House. A man was killed in the fight, and he, with Wendell Phillips and Theodore Parker, was indicted for murder. The case was, however, dropped on the discovery of an informality in the papers. In 1856 Mr. Higginson took part in the civil strife which marked the struggle for the control of Kansas. He served on the staff of James H . Lane, and recounted his experiences in that wild land in a pamphlet, " A Ride Through Kansas." There, too, he formed the acquaintance of Johon Brown of Osawatomie, and when that agitator was captured, was ready to make an attempt at rescue if Brown had not himself forbidden it. Meanwhile Mr. Higginson gave up the ministry and turned to literature. It was during this period that Mr. Higgin- EDWARD D. GREEN MEN OF THE MONTH MB. GE0EGE B. WIBECAN son became intimate with such men as Emerson, Longfellow, Whittier, Holmes, Lowell and Thoreau, and in his old age he had many things to tell of this brilliant circle. When the Civil War began the well-known kindliness that Mr. Higginson had for Negroes made him particularly fitted for a command in a black regiment. He was at first gazetted Captain in the Fifty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, but resigned to become Colonel of the First South Carolina Volunteers. He captured Jacksonville, Fla., and was wounded at Milltown Bluff, S. C , with the result that he was forced by ill-health to resign. The Colonel was a warm friend of women's education, and was one of those with sufficient courage to attend the first Women's Rights Convention. He was ever on the side of progress and ready as a young man to move forward. He was too feeble to take active part in the work of the N. A. A. C. P., but repeatedly expressed his deep sympathy with our movement. A COLORED LEGISLATOR. Edward D. Green, Illinois' only colored member of the legislature, has fought race battles with energy and success on more occasions than one. The Supreme Court has just decided in favor of his "Anti-Mob-Law" bill, put through the Assembly, and bitterly contested. The bill provides for the severe punishment of lynchers and delinquent sheriffs. It is the first law of the kind to stand the test of any supreme court. MBS. GEORGE E. WIBECAN Mr. Green has just succeeded in securing the passage of the amended Civil Rights bill, which makes it unlawful for the owners of cemeteries to discriminate in the price of graves against colored people or other nationalities. Mr. Green is a member of the committees on building, loan and homestead associations, Chicago charter, education, finance, judicial appointment, liberal, military affairs, parks and boulevards, primary elections, public buildings and grounds, and State institutions. He is well liked by both his Republican and Democratic associates. A GOLDEN WEDDING. A golden nuptial mass for a colored man and wife was celebrated for the first time in this country on May 1, in honor of the 50th anniversary of the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. George E. Wibecan, Sr. They were married in Liverpool, England, in 1861, came to this country shortly afterward, and settled in Ridgewood, Long Island. For half a century they have been prominently identified with every forward movement in their section of the country, and are among the most respected citizens of Long Island. The parish, white and colored, turned out to honor the pair on their golden anniversary, and the parish priest paid a high tribute to their influence in the community. George E. Wibecan, Jr., is one of Brooklyn's well-known colored men, and is high in the councils of the Republican party. OPINION THE NORTHWARD MIGRATION. It is quite generally believed in the South that the census will show a comparative decrease in its Negro population. Many colored men have gone northward, some as far as Canada, as the recent resentment at their immigration to the Northwest shows. The Southern papers comment on the exodus to the Northern States. The New Orleans Picayune says: "That the Negroes are migrating has been apparent for years, but they are not moving in hordes, as do immigrants from foreign countries when they come to the United States, or as did the Goths, Huns, Vandals and other barbarians, when they swarmed into the dominions of ancient Rome. The Southern Negroes simply vanish across the border, and they are gone. "South Carolina and Mississippi started after the sectional war of 1861-65 with populations of Negroes greater than those of the whites, while in Louisiana there were about equal numbers of the two races. Now Louisana has a decided white majority, while the other two States still have excessive Negro populations, but the relative positions of the two races, as shown by the census of 1910, are awaited with interest. Information concerning South Carolina shows that there is a movement among the Negroes there as well as in other Southern States. "The dispersion and distribution of the Negro population among the whites in all the Northern States is the proper and true solution of the Negro problem. Their migration northward, while it is actively opposed by many Southern whites, is the mitigation of a great evil and should be encouraged, instead of the contrary. Of course, not all will go. There will be enough left in this section." The Knoxville (Tenn.) Sentinel calls attention to what it considers the increased "tolerance" of the North, which some of us call increased race prejudice. "There has been no noteworthy increase of the Negro population of any Southern State during the last decade, as far as observation and census information already at hand afford a hint. The dispersion of the Negroes in the North has been of great service to the South. It has taught the North some of the meaning of the race problem and has made the North more tolerant." Northern papers comment in their turn on the migration still farther north and the unfriendly reception: "The white Americans who have taken up wheat lands in the Canadian Northwest have no friendly feeling for the Negroes," says the Chicago Tribune. "They would not object to them as laborers, for labor is in demand. They do not want them to become land owners and factors in local life." Other papers take a similar view of the situation and see the American leaven of race prejudice working across the border. "It is more than probable," remarks the St. Paul Pioneer Press, "that the opposition to the Negroes does not come so much from native Canadians as from former citizens of this country who have settled in Western Canada, and have aroused new prejudice against Negro neighbors." The Springfield (Mass.) Republican is of the same opinion: "The trouble seems to be not with the native Canadians, but with the Americans who have gone and are going over the border to settle, and who are carrying with them all their merciless race prejudice. There is apparently no place within the range of our American influence where the Negro can go and live in peace and white toleration." NEGRO CRIME. Mr. R. R. Wright, Jr., contributes to the Southern Workman an important article on Negro crime. The New York' Nation refers to the "apparently growing belief that the Negro is essentially lawless in the North as well as the South." and summarizes Mr. Wright's article with comments of its own: "It is a patent fact that in this present period of color hysteria the crime of every Negro is 'played up' with large headlines, while his good deeds go unrecorded. If a Negro at the risk of his life saves the lives of white men, as in Washington, D. C., a couple of weeks ago, that is chronicled inconspicuously in a few lines, if at all. More than that, the newspaper reader not only takes his opinions from sensational cases, but these cannot readily be offset by authoritative statistics of crime, as Mr. Wright sets forth. For many cities in the North do not distinguish offenders by color, and in the South there are no vital or criminal statistics of genuine reliability. "Mr. Wright's figures relating to arrests of Negroes in New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia are distinctly encouraging. In the first two cities there has OPINION been a marked improvement, according to Mr. Wright, the proportion of arrests to population in New York being 1 to 9 in 1900 and 1 to 12 in 1910, while for Chicago the same figures were 1 to 51/2 in 1900 and 1 to 11 in 1910. Philadelphia is the only Northern city, Mr. Wright finds, in which there are statistics of arrests going back a generation. There it appears that the Negro arrests have borne always about the same proportion to the total number of arrests and to the total Negro population. "In Chicago, the only city in which the causes of arrests are given according to races, it appears that three-fourths are due to violations of city ordinances, one-tenth to State misdemeanors; while felonies account for but 15 per cent, of the total number of arrests. Among the felonies larceny is at the head of the list, followed by burglary and assault with intent to kill. In 1907 there were 180 arrests for rape, of which but 16 were of Negroes; the same figures for 1908 being whites 172, Negroes 16. Mr. Wright examined the police books in a typical Negro ward in Philadelphia and found that more than one-half of the 225 arrests of Negroes were due to five causes: disorderly conduct, breach of the peace, intoxication, drunkenness and disorder, and crap shooting. About one-third of those arrested were taken for felonies, that is, on serious charges. 'After arrest.' says Mr. Wright, 'comes conviction. But here we are all at sea, so far as the Negro is concerned. There is nowhere published the number of Negroes convicted or the crimes for which they are convicted.' "In the absence of more definite statistics, Mr. Wright feels that the impressions of officials are of great value. Thus, in reply to a question the sheriff of Hartford, Conn., says that crime is increasing among Negroes, and a slight increase is reported from Albany. But Morristown, N. J.; Ironton, O.; Columbus, O.; Fort Scott, Kan.; Oskaloosa, Ia., and Hudson County, N . J., report that crime is not increasing among the colored people. The chief of police of Cleveland, O., reports an increase, due to increase of population. The prosecuting attorney of Springfield, O., writes that 'the chief offences of Negroes are not essentially different from those committed by white people; they do not seem to confine themselves to any particular classes of crime.' This official is positive that criminals as a class are not increasing among the black people. 'We have a large colored population, something like 15 to 20 per cent, of the total, and I believe there is a greater proportion of them in the criminal class than is true of the white, yet, as a whole, they are not a criminal class of people. Many of them now own homes, are industrious, and make good citizens.' "So far as the criminality of Negro women is concerned, the arrests in Chicago for the years 1905-1909 were 18.2 per cent, of all the Negroes apprehended; in New York (from 1905 to 1910), 38.7, and in Philadelphia, 23.4. The chief charges on which the women were arrested seem to be disorderly conduct, breach of the peace, intoxication and immorality. 'The general impression as to the increase of crime among Negroes in the North is,' Mr. Wright concludes, 'erroneous.' He admits, however, that there is still too great a difference between the proportion of Negroes arrested and their relative number to the general population. The chief hope of cutting down the disproportionate amount of crime lies, he feels, in opening up larger economic opportunities for the race. "Few people who have not made a study of the subject realize how dispro portionate are the temptations of the Negro and the evil effects of his envir onment when contrasted with the condi tion confronting white people of the same class. The recently published re port of the Chicago Vice Commission dwelt upon the fact that the police of that city have invariably driven the white prostitutes into the best Negro sections, where they are a demoralizing example and influence for the colored youth of both sexes. A large proportion of the Negroes live in the worst parts of every city, but it is by no means always by choice that they drift to quarters dis tinguished by the lowest forms of vice. "The bad government of most of our American cities, as Mr. Wright points out, gravely affects the Negro. Bad government makes for bad citizens, black or white. Then, the political organiza tions debauch Negro and foreigner alike, and permit them both to violate the laws in exchange for votes. If to these causes for mental and moral depression of the race are added the evil effects of race prejudice, it might well be expected that Negro crime would increase faster than it has; that it has not done so must be a cause of rejoicing among the edu cated colored people." PROGRESS. The Sacramento (Cal.) Union finds a "compelling eloquence" in the figures of the department of commerce and labor as to the Negro's progress, and writes a forceful editorial on the subject. The figures are even a little better than the Union makes apparent, for a cipher has been omitted from the property valuation. It should be over $560,000,000. However, the main point is the paper's cordial appreciation. "In both numbers and moral and mental enlightenment the race has grown with strides of which the average American THE CRISIS has no comprehension. Is it generally known, for instance, that to-day there are 10,000,000 black people in the United States? Is it known, except to the investigators, that 3,700,000 Negroes are members of churches, presided over by 35,224 ordained ministers in 35,160 houses of worship? That the total value of property owned by Negroes is $56,650,000? That there are 35,000 Negro Sunday schools with 1,700,000 pupils and 210,000 teachers? That the Negro churches contribute annually $500,000 for education, $50,000 for foreign missions and $100,000 for the support of missionaries at home? That the Negroes are themselves maintaining 175 colleges, industrial schools and academies? "These are facts. The statistics are authentic and cannot fail to make a deep impression upon the mind of any thoughtful person. Few races under like circumstances have ever shown their ability to live and to increase in numbers, as far as our knowledge of history serves us. "Not in a spirit of condescension can the white man help the Negro. The desire of the black man is to be let alone. He wants only moral assistance as he endeavors to improve his condition, and then the privilege of applying his training and education without undue prejudice against his color." SOUTH CAROLINA CONDITIONS. " A South Carolinian" writes in the Socialist Call of colored folk in his State: "M y knowledge of the exact conditions relates only to the State of South Carolina, where the 'Educational Clause' is applied to the Negro citizen, and rarely, if ever, is detrimental to the poor whites. 'The Law' is the opinion of the registration officer. The white man goes up to register and is not asked to 'read and explain a paragraph' to the 'satisfaction' of the officer—the latter is satisfied that he is 'intelligent enough to vote' because his face is white. Well-known Negroes are disposed of in like manner. Now, when an unknown Negro, or one whose local standing is not of sufficient importance, or when the tolerated number of Negroes are registered, for the instances are rare where all are refused —then 'The Law' is applied. The applicant is given a paragraph (often selected from a ponderous volume of law) and told to 'read and explain what it means.' The results are easily foreseen. "Then, as to the children. It is a cause of rejoicing that Negroes are not admitted as laborers in the factories and mills of the South. This, I think, is true in all the States, with one exception. North Carolina has one mill which employs Negroes. "But for this fact the schools would be empty—for in almost every instance where a Negro boy can find employment even at 25 cents a week (the usual price paid a boy to mind a cow), he is kept out of school to do this work. As it is, however, there is very little for the vast numbers of Negro boys and girls to do to place them among the wage-earners of the family, and so the public and private schools are crowded. The term of the country schools averages about three months, and is given during the months when there is not much work to be done on the farms, and thus the child gets the full advantage of the meager school facilities. The white child is more often taken from the country to the towns where he or she can find employment in the factory until time to begin work on the farm. Some years ago, under the shadow of the capitol of South Carolina, there were two schools less than three miles apart. In one a Negro teacher was employed for nine weeks at a salary of $25 a month, and had enrolled 140 Negro pupils. The other, a white teacher employed for four months at a salary of $40 a month, had enrolled five white pupils. "The Negro, in the majority of instances, is aware of his handicap and is using every available method to improve himself; while the poor whites are so secure in their superiority, because of their race, that they are blinded to their real need as individuals. "Another curious feature is the 'Property Clause.' This provides that a voter must be possessed of $300 worth of personal property. This is another 'blessing in disguise,' for the usually spendthrift Negro with the ambition to cast a vote will put forth unusual effort to become possessed of $300 worth of personal property, and the habit once acquired of saving his small earnings is likely to be retained. "The 'Poll Tax Law' is of such long standing that it is looked upon as a 'natural law.' There are a few men of questionable character who employ large numbers of Negroes, who advise them of the futility of paying the 'poll tax,' since they are not allowed the privilege of voting. This seems quite a sensible view of the matter, and the advice is taken in the majority of cases. "What is by far more serious than the 'poll tax' law is that prisoners, unless pardoned before the expired term, forfeit their rights of citizenship. Numbers of Negro boys are arrested on the slightest pretext and sentenced to the chain gang for various terms—and are thus branded forever—far less guilty of crime than those who sent them there. The attitude of the court is so well understood that Negroes feel that the only necessary bit of testimony for the judge or jury is the answer to the question, 'Who is the prisoner? White or colored?' If white, in most cases, 'Not guilty;' if colored, OPINION 'Guilty—next!' There is no sense of justice and no fear of retribution, since the people who are most wronged have no voice in the administration of the government itself." THE "EVERLASTING NEGRO." "It is provoking," observes the New York Independent, "that whatever we want to do the Negro should be everlastingly putting himself in the way to bother us. In the most unexpected ways and places he bobs up, stumbles in where he is not wanted and sets agley the wisest plans of statesmen. One has to look out for him always. If some new scheme of public reform is proposed, the first thought is, "Cherchez le negre.'" The Independent reviews the most recent intrusion of the Negro question in the Senate, where it defeated the bill for the popular election of Senators, and concludes: "The sole reason why the Negro is so everlastingly poking himself in front of every national discussion is because a dominant white oligarchy is trying to hold him unjustly in subjection in certain States. In other States where the Negro is politically just like the white man he does not bother us. It is simply because certain States shut out the Negro that the Negro jumps up and says he does not want to be shut out in the voting for Senators. If we cannot secure from Congress the privilege to elect Senators by popular vote, it is the Southern Negro, not the Northern Negro, that stands in the way. A n injustice is always a nuisance; it always is ready to block reform. More than half the States want the right to elect Senators by popular vote, but others refuse to allow it unless the privilege is given to shut out the Negro vote. That is the block. That is the everlasting Negro." THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. At the Unitarian Club in Boston a tribute was paid to the influence of the Unitarians in abolishing slavery. The Republic, of Boston, a Catholic paper, quoting this tribute, calls attention to the work of the Catholic Church among colored people. It declares that "in purely Catholic countries race prejudice is unknown. A Negro bishop in the New World, Sylveria Gomez Pimeta, Archbishop of Marianna, Brazil, died not many months ago, and he, as a singularly beloved churchman, is still mourned throughout the great Southern republic. Incidentally, Blessed Martin de Porres, of Lima, Peru, was a colored man, a member of the Dominican Order. Born in the sixteenth century, he lived a life of wonderful holiness, founded the College of the Holy Cross for orphans— this was, in part, a school of manual training—and died in 1639. He was beatified in 1836. "We all know the College of the Pro paganda in Rome, where Negro and Mongolian students sit side by side with white men of various nationalities, all preparing for the same priesthood. Wen dell Phillips renders testimony to the profound impression made on him in a visit to St. Peter's, Rome, when he saw a Negro priest celebrating mass and two white priests assisting him. "The fewness and poverty of Catholics in most of the Southern States hindered the Church's Apostolate to the Negroes until after the war; but where she was fairly, strong, as in Maryland and Louisi ana, free Negroes were numerous and conditions better, in general, than else where in the section. "Direct mission work to the Negroes has been growing steadily in the South for over forty years, as well as in all Northern cities where there are a consid erable number of Negroes. We have al ready five Negro priests in America. We hope soon to have many more." THE DARKER SIDE. The Chicago Evening Post comments on the proposition to celebrate the jubilee of emancipation in Boston. "Such a celebration," it says, "especially if it brought together in the large cities in the North such exposition material as would show the social and economic progress of the Negro, would be a useful thing. It could scarcely give the other side of the picture, could not give the whole story; could not—as, indeed, perhaps, it should not—trace the growth of race prejudice in the North with the disappearance of the old Abolition generation. Such an exposition could not show the discouragement—not to say weariness—which has paralyzed that most idealistic of Southern movements, the one represented by the efforts of men like Wade Hampton, of South Carolina, and Senator Lamar, of Mississippi, to work out the redemption of the South by the political co-operation of blacks and whites. "But if the race problem has acquired many somber aspects during the last half century, no one will contend that the old situation was not far blacker, far more demoralizing to both races." HONEST ELECTIONS. Eight officers have been found guilty of fraud in Louisiana. The New Orleans States explains the mental processes of the convicted officials as follows: "For the men who must suffer imprisonment in order that a stern lesson may be taught. The States is not without sympathy. Apparently they believed that THE CRISIS because the election was entirely perfunctory in character* they were inflicting no injury upon anyone by returning a larger vote than was cast. They have, however, now been made to realize that public sentiment is no longer tolerant of crookedness at the ballot box. "Ballot-box stuffing was the natural sequel of the war. Manipulation of the elections or expulsion of the Negroes from the polls was necessary to prevent the State from falling back into the control of the inferior race. These conditions, justified by the law of self-preservation, continued to a greater or less extent, not only in the city, but wherever in the State there was a preponderance of Negro population, until the convention of 1898 which, following the example of Mississippi, constitutionally eliminated the Negro from the electorate. Since then there has been no warrant for dishonesty in elections, though frauds have continued, not generally but sporadically, both here and in the country parishes." The States concludes that ballot-box stuffing, except to disfranchise Negroes, is no longer an ethical occupation. &lt;I "The New South is a little too new for some of those who live in it," observes the New York Evening Post. "As one of its newspapers points out, it was not long ago that the railroads passing through a certain town maintained separate stations, or, to be more accurate, 'depots,' each with its ticket-seller. 'Since the union depot has been in use, there is but one window and one seller for white and colored patrons alike.' The Corporation Commission of the State in question will be hard put to it to justify its exemption of this and other cities from the two-window provision. It would doubtless fall back upon the argument that the amount of traffic does not warrant the added expense of the second window, but this is to put expediency above principle, and dollars above prejudice. From separate depots to a common window is degeneracy indeed. If it is undesirable to prohibit the Negroes from using the railroads altogether, why not limit them to, say, the first and the fifteenth of each month?" fi Mr. James Bryce, ambassador from Great Britain, recently addressed the colored Young Men's Christian Association in Washington. In the course of his address he said: "Your forefathers were brought to this country by our forefathers, and it is our duty to see that you have every chance for advancement and education. This is not an obligation resting upon any one country, but upon every nation that was instrumental in taking your ancestors from their native lands. "England, Germany, France, Spain and Portugal, all were responsible for taking Negroes to Europe, and it has fallen upon the present generation to stand by the acts of their ancestors, and to see that you are properly educated." THE N. A. A. C. P. A month ago a woman was brutally murdered in a wood near Lakewood, New Jersey. New Jersey seems lately to have changed the phrase "Look for the criminal" to "Look for the Negro." As in the case of the murder of Marie Smith at Asbury Park, in which this Association secured the release of an innocent black man, the first Negro found near the scene of the crime was arrested. He proved an alibi, however, and was not long detained. The police, nothing daunted, arrested another colored man, Henry Graham. While the Association was preparing to take up the case Mrs. Graham sent us a letter asking our aid and saying that her husband was ill in prison. We at once sent a lawyer to Lakewood and it was a somewhat gratifying evidence of the Association's growing influence that our representative was greeted on his arrival with the remark: "We thought you people would send somebody down." The press despatches which reported the arrest of Graham said that the search for the murderer would now be abandoned, so sure were the authorities that Graham was the man. It turned out, however, that there was not the remotest bit of evidence to hold him, any more than there was to hold Williams in the Marie Smith case, and at the protest of the Association's lawyer the prisoner was released. There is said to be no clue whatever to the murderer. It will be remembered that in the Asbury Park case the guilty man (white) subsequently made a confession. THE N. A. A. C. P. The Association interested itself two months ago in the case of two boys, James Sharp, aged 17, and Harry Brown, alias Williams, 19 years old, who had been sentenced to death at Georgetown, Delaware, for the murder of a white boy, the fourteen-year-old Wilmore Rogers. The boys had been before the Children's Court in Philadelphia, where they had relatives, and from these persons and court officials the Association received word of their conviction. The story told in Philadelphia was that the two boys who were sent to work for John Rogers, a farmer, had been terribly ill-treated. "They had been whipped with a goad; their clothing was torn from their backs." They tried to run away but were brought back. Eventually they beat young Rogers, one of their torturers, to death. The evidence at the trial did not altogether bear out this story, but it was clear that the Rogers boys terrorized the neighborhood. So great was the fear of them that few persons dared say a word about them. The murder was described in Delaware as revolting. The boys borrowed the gun of young Rogers and shot him with it, burying the body in a swamp. Their attitude during the trial was described as hardened and indifferent, though a letter to the mother of Brown pathetically shows a boy's terror at his plight. Whether or not they were hardened or merely terrified and hopeless, the fact remains that they made a bad impression on the jury and judges, and were sentenced to death. Our lawyer arrived after the sentence, but we were able to secure commutation to life imprisonment. The Association sent a protest to the Governor of Kentucky after the shocking press reports of the lynching in the theatre at Livermore, when it was said admission was charged and spectators were allowed to shoot one or more bullets at the victim, according to the location of their seats. Governor Willson replied: "I have the honor to acknowledge to your letter of May 5th calling my attention to the recent lynching at Liver-more. Ky. Of course my attention was called to this shocking crime at the time and I immediately made inquiry about it, and while it was bad enough, I am glad to say that it was not as bad as reported in the sensational dispatches; that it was not conducted as a public exhibition, that the theatre was not opened nor lighted, much less were people there by admission either paid or unpaid, but a small mob did murder this man in that building in the dark, and I am very glad to say that the Grand Jury under the earnest instruction of the judge has already indicted eighteen men. Al l but six of those indicted arc under arrest, and earnest work will be done to arrest all. I do not permit any lynching if I know of it before hand. There has never been a case where 1 had any reason to fear a mob committing a crime that I have not taken every possible precaution against it, but this was a sudden mob gathered on the Negro shooting a white man, the merits of which I know nothing, and it was in the western part of the State, a long distance from the capital, and no one outside of the immediate locality knew anything about it until the next day. I have taken a great deal of care to prevent injustice through race prejudice being done to our colored people. I have pardoned them when it was plain they were wrongfully convicted or too severely punished, and I have in every case where there was reason to fear a mob taken great care to prevent such a disgrace. "The Executive Department has no control whatever of any prosecution except to grant clemency. I have the power to offer rewards for the apprehension and conviction of people who confederate together to injure another and I had that power in this case and should have exercised it if it had been necessary, but the action of the Grand Jury makes it unnecessary. "With your horror of this crime as it was I fully sympathize. I feel as earnestly as you do the solemn duty of preventing men being put to death by mobs or in any other way except by law. When men are guilty of offenses punishable with death. I do not interfere with the sentence, but they are entitled to the protection of the State if it takes the whole State to do it, until convicted, and in cases like this there could be no question whatever of at least just punishment very promptly, so there was no excuse whatever for a mob. Before I came to your letter I had written this in answer to a letter from the County Judge asking me to offer a reward for the murderers if his request was necessary, but the indictment and the arrest of the people guilty have made it unnecessary. "Yours truly, "AUGUSTUS E. WILLSON." The Boston branch will not be definitely organized until the autumn, but a local committee is working, and meetings to protest against race prejudice have been held and noted in the newspapers. The local committee on organization consists of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph P. Loud, Dr. Horace Bumstead. Mr. Francis J. Garrison and Mr. Butler R. Wilson. EDITORIAL EDUCATION. THER E are people in the United States who say: "We have tried education as a solution for the race problem and failed, therefore," etc. We cannot too often insist that this is not true. We have never tried the experiment. We have begun the experiment—we have tried it here and there, but the United States has not to-day, and never has had, a complete rational system of elementary education for its myriads of black and white children, and this fact is perhaps the greatest arraignment of American democracy. Educational facilities are not good throughout the North, while in the South they are, on the whole, wretched. The Birmingham Age-Herald said editorially in 1910: "About one-third of the children of school age in this State go to school, and two-thirds do not. . . . This puts Alabama on the Russian basis. . . . It is safe to say that one-half of the 700,000 children of to-day are not sent to school and are, therefore, growing up without a public school education. It is also safe to say that the school accommodations of this State are not ample enough to care for one-half of the State's children." Why in the face of such facts will people insist that education has failed? Let us try education and try it on a national scale. Let us have federal aid to common school training, even if it delays our battleships and puts the annual army manoeuvres out of business. A statement made a few years ago by the superintendent of education in the Southern States set forth these facts: "Comparative statistics of undoubt ed authority show that of all sec tions of the United States the public schools of the South have the poorest houses and equipment, the most poorly paid teachers, the shortest school terms, and the most inadequate supervision. The average salary of teachers for the country at large is $49 for men and $40 for women, while the average salary for teachers in the Southern States is $35.63 for men and $30.47 for women. The average length of the public school term for the country at large is 145 days. The average length of the public school term for the North Atlantic States is 177.3 days; the average length of the public school term for the Southern States, including Tennessee, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Arkansas, Georgia, Texas, Virginia and Florida is 99 days. "For every woman and child of its population the country at large is spending $2.99 for the education of its children. The South is spending barely 98 cents. The country at large is spending $20.29 for every pupil enrolled in its public schools. The Southern States are spending only $6.95. The country at large is spending for every child of school age in the United States an average of $10.57; the Southern States are spending for every child of school age within their borders $4.05. Twenty-four per cent, of the white population of the United States dwell in the Southern States that composed the Confederacy, while 64 per cent, of all the white illiterates over 10 years of age are found in these States." STARVATION AND PREJUDICE. TWO utterances by Mr . Booker T. Washington this week il lustrate the reasons why so many thinking men, black and white, are coming to doubt Mr . Washington's statesmanship. One statement EDITORIAL is in the current Outlook and is to the effect that Mr. John E. Milholland and "certain members of my own race in the North have objected because they said I did not paint conditions in the South black enough. . . . I have never denied that the Negro in the South frequently meets with wrong and injustice, but he does not starve." An d he quotes facts to show that there is actual starvation in London. This argument reduces itself to several propositions: I. It is not well to tell the whole story of wrong and injustice in the South, but rather one should emphasize the better aspects. II. Starvation is worse than other kinds of wrong and injustice. III. Because there are persons starving in England, neither England nor black men in America ought to harp on America's injustice. The last two propositions are matters of opinion and taste; but the first proposition has been the keynote of Mr . Washington's propaganda for the last fifteen years. It has, however, been ineffective in practice and logically dangerous. It is ineffective in practice because under its aegis— under the silence, the absence of criticism, the kindly sentiments and widespread complacency, we have seen grow up in the South a caste system which threatens the foundations of democracy, and a lawlessness which threatens all government. W e have seen wholesale disfranchisement of colored voters, color caste carried to the point of positive cruelty, the rule of the mob and the lynching of 2,000 men without legal trial, growing discrimination in schools, travel, and public conveniences, and an openly declared determination to stop the development of millions of men at the dead line of color. To offset this Mr . Washington has a right to point to increased accumulation of property among Negroes and increased numbers of intelligent and forceful black folk. But what has been the result of this? It has been an intensified prejudice as shown in the new Ghetto laws, the strikes against black workers, spread of civil discrimination, and the crystallization of the disfranchising sentiment. How any intelligent American can calmly and without hysteria or prejudice look on the development of the Negro problem in the United States in the last ten years and say that race and color prejudice has decreased, South or North, or shows reasonable signs of abating in the near future, passes our comprehension. And yet Mr. Washington is reported to have said at the recent Unitarian dinner that "Prejudice still exists, but it is not so bitter as it. was," and that the South is an example of the overcoming of race prejudice. Why now does Mr. Washington persist in making from time to time statements of this kind? It is, we believe, because of a dangerous logical fallacy into which Mr . Washington and his supporters fall. They assume that the truth—the real facts concerning a social situation at any particular time—is of less importance than the people's feeling concerning those facts. There could be no more dangerous social pragmatism. Its basic assumption is that the facts are in reality known, while its whole action prevents the facts from being known. It is a self-contradictory and deceptive position and it has historically led to social damnation in thousands of awful cases. Even where its complacent ignorance has accidentally evolved into good, the good came not because of it but in spite of it. Just here it is that Mr. Washington utterly fails in his English comparisons: It is not starvation that civilization need fear, if civilization faces the awful fact and calls it starvation, knows its gaunt and threatening shape and says with Lloyd-George, We will stop it if we shake the economic foundations of the empire. But the starvation which the world and Mr . Washington would do well to fear is that which blinds its eyes to stalking misery in the East End and cries, "Lo ! the Power of 64 THE England!" So, too, in the United States: Awful as race prejudice, lawlessness and ignorance are, we can fight them if we frankly face them and dare name them and tell the truth; but if we continually dodge and cloud the issue, and say the half truth because the whole stings and shames; if we do this, we invite catastrophe. Let us then in all charity but unflinching firmness set our faces against all statesmanship that looks in such directions. BUSINESS AND PHILANTHROPY. THE talented, systematic, hard headed youth of our nation are put into business. We tell them that the object of business is to make money. Our dull, softheaded, unsystematic youth we let stray into philanthropy to work for the good of men. Then we wonder at our inability to stop stealing. This is the great American paradox. Small wonder that we see in our world two armies: one large and successful, well dressed and prosperous. They say bluntly: "We are not in business for our health—business pays!" The other army is seedy and diffident and usually apologetic. It says: "There are things that ought to be done, and we are trying to do them—philanthropy begs." Between the business men, pure and simple, and the professional philanthropists waver the world's hosts—physicians, lawyers, teachers, and servants, some regarding their work as philanthropy, most of them looking at it as business and testing its success by its pay. Business pays. Philanthropy begs. Business is reality, philanthropy is dream: business first, philanthropy afterward—is this true? No, it is not. It is the foundation falsehood of our perverted social order. In reality it is business enterprise that continually tends to defeat its own ability to pay and it is philanthropy that works to preserve a social order that will make the larger and CRISIS broader and better business enterprises pay. What is meant when we say a business pays? Simply this: that for the service rendered or the thing given, the public will to-day pay a valued equivalent in services or goods. Men do this because of their present wants. Given a people wanting certain things and corresponding business enterprises follow. Wil l this demand continue? That depends: if the satisfaction of these wants minister to the real health and happiness of the community, the demand will continue and grow; if not, eventually either the business or the nation will die. The fact then that a business pays to-day is no criterion for the future. The liquor traffic pays and so does the publishing of school books; houses of prostitution pay and so do homes for renting purposes: and yet alcoholism and prostitution mean death while education and homes mean life to this land. The amount then that a business pays is no test of its social value. It may pay and yet gradually destroy the larger part of all business enterprise. Here enters philanthropy. Its object is to do for men not what they want done, but that which, for their own health, they ought to want done. Wil l such service pay ? Possibly it will: possibly the people will want the service as soon as they learn of it and lo! "Philanthropy and five per cent." appears. More often, however, the people do not recognize the value of the new thing—do not want it; will not use baths or have anything to do with coffee rooms. Wil l they pay, then? If they perform a service necessary to human welfare and if the people are gradually learning what is really for their good, then sometimes such philanthropy pays. - If it does not pay then the service offered was really unnecessary or the people to whom it was offered have ceased to advance toward betterment and are in danger of death. The test, then, of business is philanthropy; that is, the question as to how far business enterprise is doing EDITORIAL for men the things they ought to have done for them, when we consider not simply their present desires, but their future welfare. Just here it is that past civilizations have failed. Their economic organization catered to fatal wants and persisted in doing so, and refused to let philanthropy guide them. Just so to-day. Whenever a community seats itself helplessly before a dangerous public desire, or an ingrained prejudice, recognizing clearly its evil, but saying, "We must cater to it simply because it exists," it is final; change is impossible. Beware; the epitaph of that people is being written. It is just as contemptible for a man to go into the grocery business for personal gain as it is for a man to go into the ministry for the sake of the salary. There is not a particle of ethical difference in the two callings. The legitimate object of both men is social service. The service of one is advice, inspiration and personal sympathy; the service of the other is fresh eggs and prompt delivery. Thus "from the blackening of boots to the whitening of souls" there stretches a chain of services to be done for the comfort and salvation of men. Those who are doing these things are doing holy work, and the work done, not the pay received, is the test of the working. Pay is simply the indication of present human appreciation of the work, but most of the world's best work has been, and is being done, unappreciated. "Ah , yes," says the cynic, "but do you expect men will work for the sake of working?" Yes, I do. That's the reason most men work. Men want work. They love work. Only give them the work they love and they will ask no pay but their own soul's "Well done!" True it is that it is difficult to assign to each of the world's workers the work . he loves ; true it is that much of the world's drudgery will ever be disagreeable; but pay will never destroy inherent distaste, nor (above the starvation line) will it form a greater incentive than social service, if we were but trained to think so. These things are true, fellow-Americans ; therefore, let us, with one accord, attack the bottom lie that supports graft and greed and selfishness and race prejudice: namely, that any decent man has at any time any right to adopt any calling or profession for the sole end of personal gain. "Surely," gasp the thrifty, "the first duty of man is to earn a living!" This means that a man must at least do the world a service such as men, constituted as they are to-day, will requite with the necessities of life. This is true for some men always; perhaps for most men to-day. We pray for some sweet morning when it will be -true for all men. But it was not true for Socrates, nor for Jesus Christ. EARNING A LIVING. HOW do Northern colored people earn a living? There is no economic opening in the North : they are being displaced; starvation faces them." These and other phrases we hear continually. Yet colored people continue to come North. They live in better and better homes, they are better dressed, they are growing in intelligence. How do they earn a living? In ways that many do not dream. Turn, for instance, to your last magazine. See the advertisement of the Aeolian organs and piano players. Marvelous, is it not? Great triumph of white brains and ingenuity. Now if Negroes only—stop! The master mechanic in the Aeolian Organ Company's shops at Garwood, N. J., is Joseph H. Dickinson, a colored man. - Turn to your telephone— did you know that a black man's patent is included in the transmitter? Scarcely a locomotive rolls in the United States but by aid of a black-man's lubricating device, and only recently Edison paid a colored man $62,000 for an improvement on the phonograph. THE CRISIS JUNE. 1911 Friends of the Freedmen: Some Founders of Negro Education. Edward T. Ware—Founder of Atlanta University Samuel C. Armstrong—Founder of Hampton Institute Erastmus M. Gravath—Founder of Fisk University M. E. St--y—Secretary American Missionary Ass. John Eaton—Superintendent of Freedmen J. E. Roy—Field Secretary Americ. Missionary Association THE CRISIS HARRIET BEECHER STOWE, 1811-1911. From a Drawing by Richmond. Done in 1853, While Mrs. Stowe Was Making Her First Visit in England "Britain, Frenchman, Swede and Dane, Turk, Spaniard, Tartar of Ukraine, Hidalgo, Cassock, Cadi, High Dutchman, and Low Dutchman, too, The Russian Serf, the Polish Jew, Arab, Armenian, and Manchoo, All shout 'We know the lady!' "Know her! Who knows not Uncle Tom, And her he learned his gospel from, Has never heard of Moses; Full well the brave black hand we know That gave to freedom's hand the hoe, That killed the weed that used to grow Among the Southern roses." —Oliver Wendell Holmes. Harriet Beecher Stowe's Personal Knowledge of the Negro Character By CHARLES EDWARD STOWE If "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was not true in minute particulars to plantation life, it was true to human nature in its great basilar fact that its organic elements are the same under a white or a black skin. Among the fondest recollections of Mrs. Stowe's childhood were the colored servants of her father's New England home, Zillah and Rachel and old Aunt Candace. When she was a very little child, between five and six, her mother died, and she thus describes the way in which Aunt Candace comforted her: "Even our portly old black washerwoman, Candace, who came once a week to help off the great family wash, would draw us aside, and, with tears in her eyes, tell us of the saintly virtues of our mother. "Her feelings were sometimes expressed in a manner that was truly touching. I remember her coming one time to wash when the family were assembled for prayers in the next room, and I, for some reason, had lingered in the kitchen. She drew me toward her and held me quite still till the exercises were over, and then she kissed my hand, and I felt the tears drop upon it. There was something about her feeling that struck me with awe. She scarcely spoke a word, but gave me to understand that she was paying that homage to my mother's memory." Immediately after the publication of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" she wrote to Mrs. Follen, in England, of her experiences with the Negroes near her Cincinnati home. "If anyone wishes to have a black face look handsome let them be left, as I have been, with a sick baby in the arms and one or two other little ones in the nursery, and not a servant in the house to do a single turn. Then, if they could see my good old Aunt Frankie coming with her honest, bluff, black face; her long, strong arms; her chest as big and stout as a barrel, and her hilarious hearty laugh, perfectly delighted to take one's washing and do it at a fair price, they would appreciate the beauty of black people. "M y cook, poor Eliza Buck—how she would stare to think of her name going to England!—was a regular epitome of slave life in herself; fat, gentle, easy, loving and lovable, always calling my very modest house and dooryard 'The Place,' as if it had been a plantation with seven hundred hands on it. She had lived through the whole sad history of a Virginia-raised slave's life. In her youth she must have been a very handsome mulatto girl. "Her voice was sweet, her manners refined and agreeable. She was raised in a good family as a nurse and seamstress. When the family became suddenly financially embarrassed, she was sold onto a plantation in Louisiana. She has often told me how, without any warning, she was suddenly forced into a carriage, and heard her little mistress screaming and stretching her hands toward her as she was driven away. "She told me of scenes on the Louisiana plantation and how she had often been out by stealth at night to minister to poor slaves who had been macerated and mangled by the lash. She was then sold into Kentucky, and her last master was the father of all her children. On this last point she always maintained a delicacy and reserve that seemed to me remarkable. She always called him her husband, and it was not till she had lived with me for some years that I discovered the true nature of the connection. I shall never forget how sorry I felt for her nor my feelings at her humble apology, 'You know, Mrs. Stowe, slave women cannot help themselves.' She had two very pretty quadroon daughters, with her beautiful hair and eyes; interesting children, whom I had instructed in our family school with my own children. Time would fail me to tell you all I learned incidentally of the slave-system in the history of various slaves who came into my family, and of the Underground Railroad which, I may say, ran through our house." In a letter to Frederick Douglass Mrs. Stowe tells of her earliest impressions of slavery. "I was a child in 1820 when the Missouri question was agitated, and one of the strongest and deepest impressions on my mind was that made by my father's sermons and prayers, and the anguish of his soul for the poor slave at that time. I remember his preaching drawing tears down the faces of the hardest old farmers in his congregation. I well remember his prayers in the family for 'poor, oppressed, bleeding Africa' that the time of her deliverance might come; prayers offered with strong cry 70 THE ing and tears, prayers that indelibly impressed my heart, and made me what I am, the enemy of all slavery." Mrs. Stowe's affection for and devotion to the colored race continued to the last, and was the burden of her farewell words to the American people when she spoke as follows on the occasion of the garden party given in her honor on her seventieth birthday. She said among other things: "If any of you have a doubt or a sorrow or a pain, if you doubt about this .world, just remember what God has done; just remember that this great sorrow of slavery has gone, gone by forever. I see it every day at the South. I walk there and see the lowly cabins. I see these people growing richer and richer. I see men very happy in their lowly lot; but, to be sure, you must have patience with them. They are not perfect; but have their faults, and they are serious faults in the eyes of white people. But they are very happy, that is evident, and they do know how to enjoy themselves—a great deal more than you do. A n old Negro friend in our neighborhood has got a nice two-story house, and an orange grove, and a sugar mill. He's got lots of money in the bank, too. Mr. Stowe met him one day, and he said: I have got twenty head of cattle, four head of hoss, forty head of hen, and I have got ten children, all mine, every one mine.' Well, now, that's a thing that a black man could not say once, and this man was sixty years old before he could say it. "With all the faults of the colored people, take a man and set him down at sixty years of age with nothing but his hands, how many could do better? I think that they have done well!" One of the most touching incidents in Mrs. Stowe's life is that she narrates in a letter to the Duchess of Southerland at the time that her oldest son, Henry Stowe, was drowned. "While I was visiting in Hanover, where Henry died, a poor, deaf old slave woman, who has still five children in. bondage, came to comfort me. 'Bear up, dear soul,' she said, 'you must bear it for the Lord loves ye.' She said further: 'Sunday is a heavy day to me, 'cause I can't read so I can't keep my mind off my poor children. Some on 'em the blessed Master's got, and they's safe; but O there are five that I don't know where they are.' What are our mother sorrows to this! I shall try to search out and redeem these children, though, from the ill success of efforts already made I fear it will be hopeless. Every sorrow I have, every lesson on the sacredness of family love, makes me the more determined to resist to the last this dreadful evil that makes so many mothers so much deeper mourners than I ever can be." No wonder that with such experiences CRISIS Mrs. Stowe had learned the oneness of human nature under a black or a white skin. What she learned she taught to others; on finishing "Uncle Tom's Cabin" as a serial in the Era, she wrote: "In particular the dear children who have followed her story have the author's warmest love! Dear children, you will soon be men and women, andhope that you will learn from this story always to pity the poor and the oppressed. When you grow up, show your pity by doing all you can for them. Never, if you can help it, let a colored child be shut out of school, or treated with neglect on account of his color. Remember the sweet example of little Eva, and try to feel the same regard for all that she did. Then I hope that when you grow up the foolish and unchristian prejudice against people merely on account of their complexion will be done away with." In view of the approaching centennial of Mrs. Stowe's birth on June 14 next,, her publishers, Houghton, Mifflin &amp; Company, of Boston, Mass., are to bring out a new life of her, written by her son and grandson. It is not to be a "Life and Letters," still less a "Life and Times." Nor, indeed, is it to be a biography in the ordinary sense of the term; but her life story told as one would tell the story of a character in a work of fiction. That is, it seeks to portray not so much what she did and what she said as what she was and what her life meant to her. It is an effort, in short, to bring the personality of Harriet. Beecher Stowe vividly before the reader's mind. It tells how the child grew, and became a teacher and writer, wife and mother, and rose from obscurity to fame through the writing of "Uncle Tom's Cabin." It was the passage of the Fugitive Slave Law that woke Mrs. Stowe to a sense of the full horror of the condition of the poor slave at the South. It seemed to her as if the system once confined to the Southern States was about to invade the entire country and overwhelm the institutions of free society. It was with astonishment and distress that she heard even humane and Christian people declare that slavery of the Negro was a guaranteed constitutional right that could be interfered with only at the peril of disunion and bloodshed. She saw tender-hearted and truly humane men and women closing their eyes and ears to the cries of those in bondage, and she said to herself that it was impossible to believe that they knew the true nature of slavery, and hence came the purpose of writing a book to show the world the true nature of slavery as it then existed in the Southern States, and threatened to spread all over the North under the baleful influence of the celebrated Dred Scott decision. Vacation Opportunities By G. S. DICKERMAN The closing of school and the coming of the long summer vacation is an event that means a good deal. The change is so great for both teachers and pupils; a pause in the round of regular duties and a sudden relief from responsibilities that have been a daily habit; no more necessity for punctuality, nor for orderly system, nor for diligence in the use of time; no pressure to prepare for a recitation, and no anxiety about the coming examination. Three months of doing as you please, at least in those things which belong to your school life. Vacation is a time of peril. In Cambridge, Massachusetts, some years ago, it was noticed that when the schools closed a- reign of lawlessness began and the police court was filled with wayward boys who were brought in for all sorts of petty misdeeds, robbing roosts, breaking into houses, annoying peaceable passersby and quarreling with one another. A summer school for manual training was then opened, and forthwith the riot of youthful crime was stayed. The boys had something else to interest them and so gave up their marauding. Not many communities can afford* to maintain such a school as that at Cambridge, but in every community there is the same danger of the young people running wild when they are left with very little to do. And vacation has its perils also for the teacher. It is about as bad for the teacher to be left with nothing to do as it is for the pupils. The temptation may not be of the same sort; it is not likely that he will break the laws or outrage public sentiment; but if he changes from industry to indolence, or from the earnest interests of the schoolroom to trifling gossip with vulgar companions and other shallow occupations, having no resolute purpose of doing anything useful, he cannot but suffer harm and come to the end of the summer worse rather than better for what he has been through. Teachers sometimes so lose their grip on their work during vacation and get so far away from their school interests that it takes them months to recover- if indeed they are not so caught with other fascinations that they never recover. 1. For one thing, the teacher should not relax his interest in his pupils with the close of school. If he does, it proves him to be a hireling, and not a teacher in the higher meaning of that great word. The true teacher does his work in love, and love takes no vacations. "Love never faileth." Having taken it on his heart to do his best with these boys and girls, and to lead them along by all lessons to the nobler meanings of life, his interest in them must grow; it cannot flag and cease because they are out of his sight for awhile, or out from under his official control. That ought only to give his interest a new turn and other ways of showing itself. The pupils are still in his thought and he wants to know how he can be of use to them; how keep them from going wrong; help them each to do something worth while; draw them to himself and win their confidence so as to kindle them with his own ambitions for them. And the true teacher holds on to his pupils long, year after year, while they are in school, and then for scores of years when they are abroad in the world filling their several places and doing their work as men and women. Great numbers of most interesting people, of many ages, engaged in various ways, does the teacher of the better sort have on his mind; and the number becomes ever larger as he grows older. The venerable head of a celebrated school in Tennessee is said to have made the -remark that he could drive a horse from Washington to the border of Mexico and be entertained every night on the way at the home of one of his old pupils. Some, even if they knew where all the homes were, might not be so sure of their welcome. Only one who had kept up his warm friendships with old pupils could be confident of that. For such the danger of becoming stale is very small. He carries within him a never-failing spring of freshness and vitality. 2. Again, it would be profitable for teachers to think of ways in which they may be helpful to the community. Of course it is to be expected that they will have some thought for the improvement of their schools—what repairs may be needed on the building? What new furniture should be added? What is the What safeguards are there against condition of the blackboards? What this? Teachers may well put to themdesks and seats are crippled? How the selves this question as a vacation draws grounds may be beautified by setting out near. trees? And what generous friends may THE CRISIS be induced to add some interesting books to. the library, or furnish the children with a supply of entertaining magazines? But there are other things, not immediately connected with the school, that the people may fairly expect their teachers to take an interest in. For the teacher holds a peculiar place in the community, a place of honor and of responsibility. He is supposed to know more on a great many things than other people, for he has had a better education. This education should be worth something to his neighbors who are less fortunate, not to the children only, but to their parents and to all who help support the school, not to speak of the rest who may be even more in need. The teacher will be looked to for help in church work and in the Sunday-school, in social affairs of all sorts, in efforts at reform, in movements to prevent disease, and to promote better health conditions, in attempts at village improvement and in enterprises for the purification of morals—in all these the teacher is wanted to take an active hand and be an intelligent leader. He should be the alert guardian of all high interests, with eyes open to see what is going on and voice ready to speak with sound judgment, when his opinion is called for. One of this type will not be likely to weaken in tone on account of a vacation. 3. Finally, the teacher should look out for his own intellectual growth. If he can go to a teachers' association and meet the multitude of others engaged in the same work, for mutual encouragement and companionship, it is well. If he can attend a summer school and come under the instruction of masters superior to himself, that is well. If he can afford to travel and enlarge his ideas by acquaintance with other lands and other peoples, that also is well. But one thing is essential, the teacher must read. Reading is the open door to high intellectual attainments, and in these days it is wide open. Of all times in the year vacation is the golden period for reading—not for random, desultory trifling with newspapers and the current novels, but for the thorough mastery of great books, by great authors, on great subjects. For example, read Andrew D. White's "Seven Great Statesmen," and it will be to you the opening of new worlds, an enlargement of your range of vision, a quickening of your appreciation of steadfast devotion to a truth, a kindling of your admiration for sublime heroism, and a strengthening of your faith in the ultimate triumph of justice. The , teacher must guard his own integrity, deepen his own convictions, fortify his own faiths, anchor his own hopes—not for himself alone—but for the sake of the pupils he is to influence. The greatest of all teach ers said: "For their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth." LINCOLN POLYTECHNIC HIGH SCHOOL, EAST ST. LOUIS, ILL. ARMSTRONG MANUAL TRAINING HIGH SCHOOL, WASHINGTON, D. C. Colored High Schools By MASON A. HAWKINS Principal of the Baltimore Colored High School The average colored American citizen has a very inadequate conception of the work and standards of the best public high schools for colored youth, while many whites are absolutely ignorant of the existence of such schools as the M Street High School and the Armstrong Manual Training School, in Washington, and the colored high schools of St. Louis, Baltimore, Kansas City and elsewhere. The larger schools are for the most part furnished with the modern buildings and apparatus, and are directed by efficient teachers, trained chiefly in the best colleges of the country. The smaller schools are not so well appointed either in buildings or equipment, and are generally ordinary grammar schools doing one or more years of high school work. To get an adequate conception of the work which these schools are doing and the things wherein they fall short, one may examine a few figures from the Report of the United States Commissioner of Education: There were in 1908-9, the latest published figures, 112 high schools, 383 teachers (about one-third of whom were males), 6,806 pupils (4,646 girls and 2,160 boys. In other words, there were in 1908-9, in round numbers, 7,000 pupils enrolled in public high schools. There were, according to the twelfth census, about one million colored boys and girls of high-school age. A n enrollment then of 7,000 means that only seven colored boys and girls out of a thousand are enrolled in public secondary schools. Of white children, 100 out of every 1,000 are enrolled. Considering the fact that the oldest colored high school was established little more than forty years ago, and that there are not more than 112 separate schools of this grade in all the States providing separate schools, one need not marvel at the present showing, although it is disquieting to know that the number of colored schools has decreased 33 1/3 per cent, since 1905. To the 7,000 pupils in the public high schools may be added 74 THE CRISIS SUMNER HIGH SCHOOL, ST. LOUIS, MO. 12,796 in private schools, a total of more ment of the people are bound to suffer. than 20,000 receiving high-school educaFor example, in the whole State of Marytion. The limited number of public high land, with a colored population of 250,000 schools is a matter of grave concern, for in round numbers, there is only one colthe public high school is the people's ored public high school. The 170,000 college. Until each county in each State colored people living outside of Baltiestablishes separately or jointly with more must either move to Baltimore and other counties a public school of secpay tuition, or do without a public highondary grade, the education and developschool course. COLORED HIGH SCHOOL, BALTIMORE, MD. COLORED HIGH SCHOOLS The 7,250 pupils enrolled in public colored high schools in 1905 pursued courses as follows: 1,575, or 15.7 per cent., classical course. 1,943, or 19.3 per cent., scientific course. 6,309, or 63.2 per cent., English course. 147, or 1.4 per cent., business course. It' is to be observed that many pupils are counted in more than one course. The graduates of the best colored high schools enter many of the Northern, Western and New England colleges upon certificate privilege without examination. In addition to the small number that go to college, 50 per cent, of the high-school graduates engage in teaching, others take up business positions, and some few find their way into civil service. But all, in whatever community you find them, contribute perceptibly to the moral and intellectual advancement of the people. The high-school teacher, too, exerts a helpful influence in his community. How well trained for bis work the public secondary teacher is might be seen from a classification of the teachers in the Baltimore Colored High School. Of the twenty-eight teachers employed here sixteen are college graduates, six are graduates of trade or technical schools, such as Pratt, Drexel, Hampton and business colleges, and the remaining five are teachers of experience and proven worth. Of the sixteen holding degrees, there are nine A.B.'s— two from Harvard University, one from the University of Illinois, one from Wesleyan, three from Howard, one from Atlanta and one from Wilberforce; five hold the degree of Ph.B., representing the University of Chicago, Brown, Wesleyan and Syracuse; two M.E . degrees, representing Cornell University and Armour Institute, and one Master of Arts degree from Columbia University. The Baltimore building cost $28,000, and enrolls 612 pupils. A few facts concerning other schools may be of interest. The Sumner High School, of St. Louis, was erected and furnished at a cost of $500,000, and is one of the best buildings in the United States; there are 24 teachers and 543 pupils. The Lincoln High School, of Kansas City, Mo., has a building worth $80,000, with 14 teachers and 310 pupils. In Washington, D. C , there are two high schools—the M Street, erected in 1890 at a cost of $107,000, with 33 teachers and 726 pupils. Congress has appropriated $60,000 for a new building site, where a new schoolhouse will be erected. There is also the Armstrong Manual Training High School, which, with building and equipment, cost $185,000. It has 36 teachers and 697 pupils. The Lincoln Polytechnic High School, East St. Louis, Ill., building cost $66,000. Richmond, Va., has a colored high-school building which cost $30,000, with 375 pupils. Fort Worth, Texas, has a fine new high school, and several other Texas cities are supplied. From these facts one may get some faint idea of the work which is being done by the public high schools for colored youth. That more is not accomplished is due to lack of schools, inadequate salaries for teachers, and a regrettable indifference on the part of the public, for in most cases public officials would willingly vote necessary improvements if the sentiment of the community did not oppose it. CLASS IN CHEMISTRY, HOWARD UNIVERSITY, WASHINGTON, D. C. THE BURDEN COLORED MEN LYNCHED WITHOUT TRIAL. 1885 78 1898 102 1886 71 1899 84 1887 80 1900 107 1888 95 1901 107 1889 95 1902 86 1890 90 1903 86 1891 121 1904 83 1892 155 1905 61 1893 154 1906 64 1894 ; 134 1907 60 1895 112 1908 93 1896 80 1909 73 1897 122 1910 65 Total 2,458 THE AFRICAN. Not long ago a missionary was to preach upon Africa in a wealthy white church of the South. It was announced that he would make an appeal for money to carry the gospel of Christ to the ignorant, unenlightened heathen of the Dark Continent. The missionary was a well-known personage, and the church was well attended on the morning announced for him to preach. A few minutes before the service was to commence a young colored girl, quietly dressed and of pleasant manner, mounted the church steps. She was met in the vestibule by a polite but determined usher, who told her that she had come to the wrong church. "The colored church is further downtown," he said. "I am an African," the young girl replied, "and I came to hear the preacher tell about my own country. I felt it would be pleasant to hear of home." The usher was nonplussed. Leaving the young girl to stand and wait, he consulted with the important trustees whom he could gather around him; and when the good missionary stood up to tell of the need in Africa of teaching the gospel of Christ—the gospel to which the church he stood in was dedicated—away off in a corner of the gallery, where few white people could see her, and where no white person might sit next her, was one little African "sister in Christ." A TALE OF RESTAURANTS. A colored woman, a stranger to New York, tells the following story of her effort to get a midday meal. "I was on. Broadway shopping with two colored women friends, and at twelve o'clock we decided that we were ready for our luncheon. W e went into a restaurant, one of a number under the same management in New York, and, as we had been told, one in which Negroes would be served, but were kept waiting for fifteen minutes. Finding that our neighbors were served and not ourselves, we left. Entering a smaller, less pretentious establishment, we received the same treatment. In a third we were told by the man at the door that 'niggers' wouldn't be served. By this time it was nearly one o'clock, and we were becoming tired. Inquiring of a policeman, we were directed to a block further uptown, but on reaching there we found no restaurant of any sort. Another policeman treated us in the same manner. I do not know whether they meant to amuse themselves with our plight, or whether they simply wished to get us out of the way. In any case, they were of no service. I, for one, began to feel very faint as well as sadly mortified. We were quietly dressed, unobtrusive persons, with money to pay for a meal, and yet we were obliged to go hungry in the cosmopolitan city of New York. At length I suggested that we try a department store. In the Western city from which I had come I was always treated with especial courtesy in such stores, and I felt we should try in New York. We walked wearily still further uptown and, entering at last a large establishment, made our way upstairs to the restaurant. We were treated with the greatest courtesy. It seemed to me that the waitress must understand how we felt, she was so helpful in letting us know the good but inexpensive dishes and in making us feel at home. I blessed the store and the friendly service it gave us." PARKS AGAIN. We have called attention more than once to the discrimination practiced against Negroes in public parks of the South, parks supported by taxes levied upon black and white alike. In those places where race prejudice is recognized as a legitimate attitude on the part of a municipality, a common solution for the evident injustice practiced against the black man is to give him a park of his own. Such a recognition of race prejudice, however, only brings out more race prejudice. At Memphis, Tenn., owing to the protest of the colored citizens, the Park Commission passed an ordinance to purchase a park for colored people. Bids were called for, and one site after another was chosen only to be THE BLACK SOLDIER relinquished at the indignant protests of adjacent white property owners. A t length an out-of-town park was decided upon, to be situated beyond the line of city residents. At this a new protest was raised, the people living on the car line running to the proposed park objecting to the increase that this would mean of Negro passengers. The park must be abandoned that they might in a public conveyance have no company disagreeable to them as they went back and forth to their homes. The last word that comes to us is that the Park Commission has listened to the white citizens and given up the whole matter. The Negroes are to go without their park, and the six parks of the city remain closed to them. The young people of the University of Michigan are improving their minds in many ways. There is a young colored sprinter there, Lapsley, of Nashville, who has a way of beating his white competitors with considerable ease. By various kinds of cheating and subterfuge he has been kept off the track team, although he is easily one of the best two or three runners in the university. Lately, however, they lost in their contest with Cornell, and now Lapsley is on the track team. In Chicago a colored driver a few weeks ago was crossing the street railway tracks when his dray became stalled. A motorman swore at him and he swore at the motorman roundly. A passing policeman ran up. "What do you mean by swearing at a white man?" he yelled, and struck the drayman with his club across the head with all his might. The man fell like a log. They rushed him to two hospitals, which refused to admit him. When they reached the third hospital the colored man was dead. The officer was tried, "exonerated," and is to-day patrolling his beat. The public must be protected. Tke Black Soldier-A Letter from a Friend From one of the last surviving major-generals of the Civil War: MY DEAR MR. VILLARD : I am in receipt of yours of March 6, and I fully appreciate what your association is doing, and I will give my mite to help it along. I have had a good deal to do with the Negro, from the time of the Civil War up to date. In the Civil War I raised several regiments of them. I have found them tractable and that their efficiency as soldiers was in accordance with the ability and efficiency of their officers. I raised one of the first regiments in the war—the 1st Alabama, commanded by Col. Alexander, who was the chaplain of the 27th Ohio Infantry. This was an excellent regiment and won its spurs in the celebrated campaign of Sturgis against Gen. Forrest, where Sturgis was badly whipped, but where they claim this regiment was very efficient in saving the destruction of the force. It was also in other engagements. I raised the 2d Alabama, A. D., for the purpose of filling the Pioneer and Engineering Corps of the 16th Army Corps, and as teamsters and cooks they took the places of that many white sol diers whom we put into the line. The Pioneer Corps was often under fire, and the colored boys stood up right beside the white soldiers every time. While I was in command in Middle Tennessee in the winter of 1863-64 I raised two or three regiments there, and when we left on the Atlanta campaign Gen. Sherman was greatly pleased that I could take all my corps into the field, except one brigade, replacing that portion of them that was guarding a portion of railroad from Nashville to Decatur by colored troops. I had a great deal of experience, too, in secret service. I had charge of most of that work with Gens. Grant and Sherman, and they utilized Negroes to a great extent in communicating with our spies who stayed within the enemy's lines, and I don't know of a single case of a Negro's giving up one of the spies or a soldier, to their credit; they also stood by their masters and their families who had gone into the Confederate service. I think their action in the Civil War is entitled to a great deal of praise. Since the Civil War a great deal of my work has been in the Southern States, where I have had to utilize the Negroes to a large extent, and I have found that where properly handled and cared for they make an efficient laboring force. I wish every success to your Association. I appreciate that the race prejudice is running strong against the Negro, but I cannot see any reason for it. It certainly does not exist among the survivors of the Civil War, I don't think, on either side. Truly, (Signed) GRANVILLE M. DODGE. 78 THE DAY NURSERY BABIES HER E is no form of activity quite so near and dear to the woman-heart as that which finds its expression in efforts for the proper care and comfort of children. Mothers' meetings, kindergartens, day nurseries, orphanages and all kindred enterprises touch the tenderest chord of woman's nature. In them she discovers her field of service to which she is willing to give the fullest measure of loving sacrifice, without reckoning the cost or counting the returns. It is in such a class we would place the Empty Stocking and Fresh Air Circle of Baltimore. It is often difficult to tell the story of these little efforts for improved conditions, attempted by our women, and to preserve the bit of sentiment or romance involved in their beginnings while speaking with truth and exactness. But the Empty Stocking and Fresh Air Circle is the response to a real need, realized by the alert and intelligent women of Baltimore more than six years ago. It was that season when the air was atune with the melody of "Good Will! " and "Peace on Earth!" These women asked themselves questions concerning the reality of this melody as they saw, thronging the streets, hundreds of children who, poor and neglected, had never known or felt the Christmas spirit. As if by magic stockings were filled for these children; there were dolls for the girls, various toys for the boys, and candies and other goodies for all. Truly, there was plenty for these poor children, too, for gifts came simply for the asking. It just happened no one had thought before. But soon Christmas had passed and summer approached. This same Circle thought once again, this time more seriously, for the question was more im CRISIS Women's Clubs: Caring for the Children By A. W. HUNTON portant, the need more vital. It was not simply a matter of giving joy to the child-heart, but of helping them live through the fierce heat of summer. The Circle faced not only the problem of financial support for its efforts, but, having no home of their own, they confronted the great difficulty of finding suitable country homes that would receive the neglected class they desired to benefit. However, hardly two years passed before the Circle had found a beautiful farm of ten and a half acres, with shade and fruit trees, pure water and a good dwelling, all of which they purchased for $1,750, and named Delight. To state that hundreds of children have been given a week or more each summer at this fresh-air home is but to relate a fact, barren in its expression of all the benefits that blessed the little ones. The benefits cannot even be estimated by the time and dollars spent in the work. It has richly proven its value and has become one of the permanent charities of Baltimore. Much of the success of the Empty Stocking and Fresh Air Circle is directly due to the enterprising spirit of the president, Miss Ida Cummings. Foremost among the kindergartners of her city, she has carried her knowledge of child life into the plans and workings of the Circle with excellent results. Every woman and every other organization of the city have manifested their pride in this successful effort by generous help to the Farm Delight. Day nurseries are generally a positive need for those communities in which any considerable number of mothers are forced to find employment outside of the home. They are a pressing need in those WOMEN'S congested or poverty-stricken districts, where, because of the cost of living or the unstable conditions of family relations, the women are driven to be wage-earners. It is the one fostered charity for which the demand, thus far, has been more urgent at the North than at the South. This has been due, probably, to the difference in conditions of labor that obtain in the two sections. The Hope Day and Lincoln Nurseries are meeting a real demand in their respective localities in New York City. In Brooklyn, the Day Nursery of the Lincoln Settlement is endeavoring to make life easier for the mothers of the most poverty-stricken district of that city. Although but 260 colored families were found to be living in a dozen different streets near this settlement, just a few words on this subject, taken from the president's report, are sufficient to emphasize the great need of a day nursery in this particular neighborhood: "The severity of poverty is, I believe, greater than that among any other race group in the city. Our colored men are usually unskilled laborers, making a dollar or a dollar and a half a day. This is supplemented by the wife's earnings at washing and housework, but the combined wages do not maintain a normal standard of living. The infant death rate is appalling. One of our most responsive, energetic mothers has lost six children out of eight. She herself after a CLUBS 79 desperate struggle to supplement the eight-dollar wage of her hard-working husband, has been stricken with tuberculosis. When our Nursery was closed, the dearest of our babies died of want. Such are the ordinary happenings that we see from our Settlement." It requires money to properly support a day nursery, and so it is hardly to be. wondered that the band of women who had struggled to keep this day nursery open for two years should finally give up because of the extreme difficulty experienced in raising funds 'for its support. Neither was it a small thing for twenty other colored women, with no assets except devotion, desire and determination, to reopen the nursery. But it seemed worth while, when, at the end of the first month, 151 children, representing twenty families, were reported as having been cared for. Under the supervision of a trained nurse and assistant, with Dr. V. Morton Jones as chairman of the committee, and a continuance of the faith accompanied by work now manifested, this children's refuge will soon gain the support it merits and we shall continue to delight in "the rows of clean and sparkling little folk, who, with bibs tucked under their chins, fold their small hands and murmur together— " 'God is great and God is good, And we thank Him for this food.'" A Stud ent Credo from Oberlin There has always been idealism at Oberlin College, and a sense of the brotherhood of man. Latterly it seemed for a time as if the old standards might be declining, but the little outburst of race prejudice was soon quieted. Thanks not only to the wisdom of the faculty, but also to white students like the young lady who has written the following credo: believe that every normal human being is entitled to equal opportunity with every other normal human being, for education, culture, work, progress, personal development, all civil and political rights and privileges. I believe that neither sex nor race should be made the basis for special privilege or special disqualification. I believe that every individual is entitled to do the work which is suited to his own powers, and that no artificial barrier should be placed in his way; that no human being has the right to refuse any other the opportunity of absolute and complete self-development, self-realization, and self-direction, save in such measure as all alike are deprived of certain liberties for the benefit of all. I believe that society must and will at last be organized on a basis of absolutely equal opportunity for all mankind, of absolute justice and fair dealing; and I pledge my sacred honor to further the sentiment which will lead to organization upon these principles. MIRIAM E. OATMAN, Oberlin College, '12. TALKS ABOUT WOMEN NUMBER SIX London, May 10.—My spring moving across the Atlantic interfered with last month's "Talk," though I did not intend that it should, and I hope my friends will overlook this seeming carelessness. I really' believe I felt the hiatus more than any one else. True, our association has been limited to a few months, yet there is already a sense of acquaintanceship and co-operative sentiment that I treasure very highly. While sounding this personal note let me take occasion to thank my friends for their many kindly expressions which I cannot acknowledge individually, owing to the exacting demands upon my time and energies, but which are none the less appreciated and gratefully received. In this connection let me add still further, and in doing so I trust that neither Dr. . DuBois nor the business management will think I am trespassing on their territory, that I congratulate the colored women of the country for the splendid manner in which they have helped to make TH E CRISIS a success; for it is a success now beyond all question, and far beyond the expectation of its founder and friends. How much of this success is due to the devotion and practical assistance of the good women who read it, Dr. DuBois declares, cannot well be overestimated. I rejoice to hear. it. TH E CRISIS now has 12.000 circulation. That means at least 50,000 readers. There is no reason why it should not * have 100,000 copies circulated and a half million readers. It seems reasonable to expect so splendid a result in the light of present progress. Ten million colored men and women of the United States have at last a national organ, capable of indefinite expansion and usefulness. It rests with them, particularly the women, to say how far and how fast it shall grow. To any man or woman imbued with the principles of modern civilization the recent Ghetto attempts in Baltimore and other American cities is to say the least surprising; to people of the Old World, who . have outgrown medieval prejudice, it seems incomprehensible. Here, where class distinctions are supposedly deep rooted, it assumes a ridiculous aspect. It is even more so in France and throughout the Continental countries. The color line is quite indistinct. An attempt in London, Paris, or any city, great or small, to segregate By Mrs. JOHN E. MILHOLLAND any class of people arbitrarily on account of race, color or creed would be almost certain to precipitate a revolution. More congregation and less segregation is the solution of race friction. Recalling the old Ghettos and the prejudice that once existed in England against the Jews, more intense than Negrophobia, one begins to realize how thoroughly the old countries have advanced on a question touching which we seem to exhibit the most deplorable retrograde movement. The famous English statesman who confessed his utter inability to draw an indictment against a nation would find his powers overtaxed still more in framing legislation against a race, and where Edmund Burke failed we doubt that any local limb of the law from Roanoke to the Rio Grande will ever succeed. It is an antiquated effort. It must fail. There is no element of our population more thoroughly American than the Negro. He has no yearnings toward Africa, and though he has many reasons to feel bitter toward the government that refuses to defend his rights and right his wrongs, yet who questions his patriotism or devotion to the flag? The truth is our colored friends have been entirely too patient. They have to put up with treatment that no other class of citizens would have endured. Their patience has been banked on by their oppressors. They have submitted too long in silence. They are only beginning to learn the value of agitation and indignant protest and, above all, organized effort. Let them take a leaf from the experience of the Irish people who are now about to realize the results of their long, long battle for Home Rule against overwhelming odds; a struggle that at times seemed so unequal as to be hopeless, but in which the indomitable spirit of the race never failed to assert and reassert itself regardless of temporary defeat or apparent disaster. In all the vicissitudes of that struggle Irish womanhood is everywhere in evidence, assisting, encouraging, stimulating their husbands, sons and fathers, and defiantly refusing to consider such a thing as ultimate failure among the possibilities, and, as the old Roman poet has it, they are able because they believe themselves to be able. WHAT TO READ BOOKS. "Negro Criminal Statistics." R. R, Wright. Jr. The Southern Workman, May. Collier, Price—"The West in the East from an American Point of View." "The Congo Free State and Congo Scribner. Beige." Frederick Starr, of the University of Chicago. The Journal of Cooney, Dotia Trigg—"A Study	 in Race Development, published by Clark Ebony." Neale. University, Worcester, Mass., April. This is the story of a little colored "The Dismissal of Prof. Banks." James girl who lived in a Mississippi town. W. Garner. Independent, April 27. Stowe, Charles E. and Lyman Beecher— "The Girlhood of Harriet Beecher "Harriet Beecher Stowe." Houghton, Stowe." Charles Edward and Lyman Mifflin &amp; Company. Beecher Stowe. McClure's, May. "The Man Farthest Down: The Man at the Bottom in London," and "The Man Farthest Down: Life and Labor on the " A Question of Character." Edgar C. Continent." Booker T. Washington. Macmechen. The American MagaOutlook, May 6 and May 13. zine, May. PERIODICALS. "The Present Situation in the Congo." "India's 'Untouchables.' " Saint Nihal Rev. W. L. Ferguson. The Journal Singh. The Southern Workman, May. of Race Development, April. While at Wilberforce for Commencement, June 12 to 17, Eat at the Breakfast	 35c COLLEGE	 INN Dinner	 50c Supper	 35c RESTAURANT AND LUNCH ROOM Cafe Service Special Hack Line to and from All Trains 7:30 to 12 p. m. A	 la Carte YORK &amp; PRUITTE, Props. WILBERFORCE, OHIO GO TO LONDON FIRST UNIVERSAL RACES CONGRESS LONDON 	JULY 26th to 29th OFFICIAL TOUR FOR DELEGATES FROM THE UNITED STATES VISITING HAVRE	 THE RHINE STRATFORD PARIS	 COLOGNE WARWICK VERSAILLES BRUSSELS KENILWORTH LUCERNE ANTWERP LEAMINGTON HEIDELBERG LONDON	 CHESTER MAYENCE OXFORD	 LIVERPOOL QUEENSTOWN 37 DAYS, AL L EXPENSES INCLUDED, $275.00 Same trip leaving New York, July 15th, arriving London, July 25th, continue as in above itinerary from London to New York, all expenses included, $175.00 This rate includes steamer passage, going and returning, railroad fares throughout, good hotels, carriage drives and side trips as stated in itinerary, free allowance of 60 pounds of baggage in addition to usual hand baggage, ordinary gratuities to hotel servants, porters and guards, and the services of an experienced manager from port of arrival in Europe to departure for America. Under Management of THE PILGRIM TOURS 225 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Indorsed by Prof. W. E. Burghardt DuBois, American Co-Secretary of the Congress Mention TH E CRISIS. 82 THE CRISIS BROWN-SPENCER CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND The Best, the Easiest, and Most Sellable. A system that can be learned during spare moments and thereby increase your salary from 50 to 100 per cent. A thorough knowledge of Shorthand makes the position sure and the one so skilled in great demand. You pay as you learn. Terms reasonable. Write for particulars. BROWN-SPENCER CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND 2145 Missouri Ave. East St. Louis, Ill. ADVERTISER JOINING THE NAVY; OR, ABROAD WITH UNCLE SAM By JOHN H. PAYNTER, A.M. First Race Contribution to Navy Literature Ordered by the Government for Libraries of War Vessels ''It is a perfect picture of life on board ship when I first went to sea. The story is told so simply and in such good style, and holds its interest so, that I read it through at one sitting."—Richardson Clover, Rear Admiral. U. S. N., Retired. Cloth Bound. 300 Pages. Fully Illustrated. SECOND EDITION Sent Postage Paid on Receipt of One Dollar Address care of SUDWARTH PRINTING CO. WASHINGTON, D. C. O. M. Waller, M.D., Pres. A. M. Thompson, Treas. B. C. Waller, M.D., Sec. Sphinx Silver Polish The unsurpassed renovator of silver and plated ware. No acids; no scratching; absolutely harmless. Adopted in the largest hotels. Best for family use. Endorsed by silversmiths. Sells readily to the trade. Doubles your income. Agents wanted in every city and town. Fifty per cent, commission. Write to-day. Manufactured by Sphinx Labor-Saving Soap Co., Inc. Office and Factory: 117 West Legal Directory Real Estate and Probate Matters a Specialty ROBERT B. BARCUS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC Office: Room 502, Eberly Block Columbus, O. B. S. SMITH ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW. Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. J. DOUGLAS WETMORE ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 5 Beekman Street (Temple Court) New York City Tel. 6222 Cortlandt Cable Address, Judowet FREDERICK L. McGHEE ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Union Block, Fourth and Cedar Streets St. Paul, Minn. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. Street, New York City A BIOGRAPHY OF SPECIAL APPEAL TO THE NEGRO Harriet Beecher Stowe By her Son and Grandson "It is rarely that so fascinating a volume comes into the hands of the reader. It is not a history. It is not a biography. It is a fascinating series of articles in regard to the home life and public life of the author of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin.' The whole story of how she wrote her great book is given in detail. . . . The sorrows as well as the pleasures of her life are all depicted so clearly that the reader immediately comes into close touch with the real Harriet .Beecher Stowe."— Boston Journal. Illustrated $1.50 net. Postpaid $1.62. Houghton-Mifflin Company 4 Park Street Boston Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS THE WRITINGS OF Charles W. Chesnutt The Conjure Woman $1.25 The Wife of His Youth, and Other Stories of the Color Line 1.50 The House Behind the Cedars. 1.50 The Marrow of Tradition 1.50 Published by HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN &amp; CO. 4 Park Street, Boston, Mass. Life of Frederick Douglass, 50c. Published by SMALL, MAYNARD &amp; CO. 15 Beacon Street, Boston, Mass. May be ordered through any book store or direct from the publishers To Colored People FOB SALE — W e have houses from $1,000 to $10,000. Our city is the capital of Ohio and a great manufacturing center—a good place to locate, plenty of work, a good place to locate for business. Can sell you a house for $50, $100 to $500 down, balance like rent. For speculating houses or business places, $1,000 to $5,000, down, balance on long-time payments. Any of these are in good locations. Write for further information. THIS IS A COLORED ENTERPRISE EDWARD A. SHANKLIN Real Estate 12181/2 Mt. Vernon Ave., Columbus, O. RACE ADJUSTMENT By KELLY MILLER. Howard University. Washington, D. C. A Standard Book on the Race Question. PRICE $2.00 Social Equality 5 cents An Appeal to Reason, open letter to John Temple Graves 10 cents Roosevelt and the Negro 10 cents Forty Years of Negro Education.. 10 cents Ultimate Race Problem 10 cents The Political Capacity of the. Negro 10 cents ADDRESS AUTHOR ADVERTISER "A noteworthy book of the epoch." The Souls of Black Folk By W. E. BURGHABDT DUBOIS Eighth Edition "It is one of the noteworthy books, not merely of a year, but of the epoch. Its every page is filled with vigor, spontaneity and spirituality. ''—Boston Transcript. '' A stripping bare of the moral and mental anatomy of the African in America so as to reveal the naked soul in its primitive simplicity, seared and scarred by ages of suffering."—New York Age. With Author's Portrait, $1.20 Net At book stores or from the publishers A. C. McCLURG &amp; CO. CHICAGO Bom. 2220 Cen. 6322 Van Noy Printing Co. 100 Linen Finish Cards by Mail, 60c. COMMERCIAL PRINTING SOCIETY PRINTING BOOK AND JOB PRINTING 2315 MARKET ST. ST. LOUIS, MO. PUBLICATIONS OF THE N. A. A. C. P. The N. A. A. C. P. has for sale the following pamphlets: 1. Disfranchisement: a powerful argument by the Rev. John Haynes Holmes. 2. Education in the South: Facts about the discrimination against the Negro. By the Rev. Horace Bumstead, former president of Atlanta University. 3. The Real Race Problem: A scientific comparison of the black and the white man by America's foremost anthropologist, Prof. Boas, of Columbia University. 4. Social Control. By Jane Addams, of Hull House. 5. The Negro as a Soldier. By Brigadier-General Burt, U . S. A. Five Cents Each, Three Dollars a Thousand Mention THE CRISIS. 84	 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER American Negro Academy Educational Directory Howard University WILBUR P. THIRKFELD, President Washington, D. C. The College of Arts and Sciences—Kelly Miller, A.M., Dean. The Teachers' College—Lewis B. Moore, A.M., Ph.D., Dean. The Academy—George J. Cummings, A.M., Dean. The Commercial College—George W. Cook, A.M., Dean. School of Manual Arts and Applied Sciences— PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS The School of Theology—Isaac Clark, D.D., Dean. The School of Medicine: Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Colleges—Edward O. Balloch, M.D., Dean. The School of Law — Benjamin F. Leighton, LL.D., Dean. For catalogue and special Information address Dean of Department. Atlanta University Is beautifully, located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-one years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Wilberforce University WILBERFORCE, OHIO Opens first Tuesday in September Located in Greene County, 31/4 miles from Xenia, Ohio. Healthful surroundings. Refined community. Faculty of 32 members. Expenses low. Classical and Scientific, Theological, Preparatory, Music, Military, Normal and Business Departments. Ten industries taught. Great opportunities for High School graduates entering College or Professional Courses. Two new buildings for girls to be erected this year—one now in process of erection, and the other to be begun in the spring. Catalogue and Special Information Furnished. Address W. S- SCARBOROUGH, President. Shaw University This institution of learning, established in 1865, has industrial departments for both young men and young women, as well as college, normal and preparatory departments. There are also Schools of Law, Medicine, Pharmacy and Theology. The facilities have recently been increased. Other improvements are being planned that will be completed within the next two years. Applications should be made several months or a	 year in advance, for it has become impossible during the last few years to receive all who apply. The present enrollment is over 500. The	 academic year begins' on the Thursday nearest the first day of October and continues for thirty-two consecutive weeks. The charges are moderate. Catalogues furnished upon application. Address TH E PRESIDENT Shaw University, Raleigh. N. C No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6.No. 7. No. 8.No. 9.No. 11. No. 12. No. 13. No. 14. OCCASIONAL PAPERS Conservation of Races. W. E. Burghardt DuBois $0.15 (a)	 Civilization the Primal Need of the Race; (b) The Attitude of the American Mind Toward the Negro Intellect. Alexander Crummell 15 Comparative Study of the Negro Problem. Charles C. Cook 15 How	 the Black St. Domingo Legion Saved the Patriot Army in the Siege of Savannah, 1779. T. G. Steward, U.S.A 15  Disfranchisement of the Negro. John L. Love 15  Right on the Scaffold, or the Martyrs of 1822. Archibald H . Grimke 15  Educated Negro and His Mission. W. S. Scarborough 15  Early Negro Convention Movement. John W. Cromwell 15 Negro and the Elective Franchise : A Symposium by A. H. Grimke, Charles C. Cook, John Hope, John L. Love, Kelly Miller and Rev. F. J. Grimke 35 Modern Industrialism and the Negroes of the United States. Archibald H . Grimke 15 Demand and the Supply of Increased Efficiency in the Negro Ministry. J. E. Moreland 15 Charles	 Sumner Centenary. Historical Address. Archibald H . Grimke. 15 J.	 W. CROMWELL, Corresponding Secretary, 1815	 Thirteenth St., N.W., Washington, D. 0. SEND TEN CENTS FOR ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING: No. 1. Confessions of Nat Turner. No. 2. Contemporary Evolution of the Negro Race. Wm. G. Harper. No. 3. Benjamin Banneker. J. H. B. Latrobe. No. 4. Evolution of the Black South. W. E. B. DuBois. Address American Negro Monographs Co. 609 F St., N. W. (Room 102), Washington, D. C. The Curse of Race Prejudice JAMES F. MORTON, JR., A.M., Author and Publisher Forceful, rational, comprehensive. A n arsenal of facts and unanswerable arguments. Invaluable for propaganda. Read the chapter on "The Bugbear of Social Equality," which is a veritable eye-opener. Thousands already sold. Agents wanted everywhere. PRICE 25 CENTS Address the Author at 244 West 143d Street, New York, N. Y. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 13 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Sixty-five College Freshmen. A New Department of Sociology. A Notable Equipment in Land and Buildings. Successful Graduates in Nearly Every State. Endorsed by the General Education Board. For information address GEORGE A. GATES, President. American Church Institute for Negroes SIX SCHOOLS. The Bishop Payne Divinity School, Peters-burgh, Va., Warden, the Reverend G. B. Bryan, D.D.; St. Augustine a School. Raleigh, N. C., for normal and collegiate training, the Reverend A. B. Hunter, Principal; the St. Paul Normal and Industrial School, Lawrenceville, Va., the Reverend James S. Russell, Principal; St. Athanasius' School, Brunswick, Ga., Mr. A. N. Perry, Principal; St. Mark's School. Birmingham, Ala., the Reverend G. W. Brooks, Principal; the Vicksburg Industrial School, Vicksburg, Miss., the Reverend W. H. Marshall, Principal. For information apply to the principal at any school or to the Reverend Samuel H . Bishop, General Agent, 416 Lafayette Street, New York City. Lincoln Institute JEFFERSON CITY, MISSOURI Founded by the Soldiers of the 62d and 65th Regiments of the U. S. Colored Infantry. Supported by the State of Missouri. Has Normal, Collegiate, Agricultural, Mechanical and Industrial Courses. Buildings and equipment unsurpassed. Thirty teachers representing the best schools of the country. Students from all sections of the country. For catalogue and fur ther information address BENJAMIN FRANKLIN ALLEN, President. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere Noted for Honest and Thorough Work Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Opens Sept. 27, 1911. For information address President R. W. McGranahan KNOXVILLE, TENN. ADVERTISER Washington Conservatory of Music and School of Expression 902 T STREET, WASHINGTON, D. C. LARGE AND COMPETENT FACULTY DEPARTMENTS Piano, Voice and Violin, Piano Tuning. Theory Analy sis, Harmony, Counterpoint, Fugue,Vocal Expression, Wind Instruments, History of Music, Methods. Scholarships Awarded Artists' Recitals HARRIET GIBBS-MARSHALL, President. GEORGE WILLIAM COOK, Treasurer. ABB Y WILLIAMS, Secretary. LEWIS G. GREGORY, Financial Secretary. ANNIE E. GRINAGE. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library, 'prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY. President The NationalReligiousTraining Offers special training to young men and women as Settlement Workers, Association Secretaries, Missionaries, Literary and Other Branches. The following departments are now in successful operation: Commercial, Literary, Music, Theological Religious Training and Industrial FALL TERM OPENS OCTOBER 12 SUMMER SCHOOL. The Summer School and Chautauqua opens July 5, 1911, and closes August 14. The attractions and advantages offered in the Summer School are unsurpassed in the country for colored young men and women. Applications should be sent in at an early date. Loan Scholarships have been established for deserving young men and women. For further information address The President, National Religious Training School, Durham, N. C. Mention THE CRISIS. 86 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FORWARD! March Your Son Off to Wilberforce The Only school for Negro Youth which has a Military Department equipped by the National Government and commanded by a detailed United States Army Officer. DEPARTMENTS: MILITARY CLASSICAL THEOLOGICAL NORMAL SCIENTIFIC MUSICAL BUSINESS TECHNICAL PREPARATORY Banking taught by the actual operations in the Students' Savings Bank. Twelve Industries, 180 acres of beautiful campus, Ten Buildings. Healthful surroundings, exceptional community. Maintained in part by the State of Ohio. W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President. WM . A . JOINER, Superintendent, C. N. &amp; I. CRISIS PRINTS Reproduced on heavy paper, suitable for framing, 50 cents each. Cover illustration, April number, 7x9 inches, Two-page photograph, May number, 10x13 ' 'Girl Reading.'' inches, ' 'Eighth Illinois Regiment." Cover illustration, May number, 7x9 inches, Cover illustration, June number, 7x9 inches, "Bishop Holly." "One of the Little Ones." Address Art Editor of THE CRISIS 20 VESEY STREET Room 311 NEW YORK CITY Your Carpet Needs Cleaning! Let the NEW YORK CAREFUL CLEANING BUREAU Do It We Clean and Renovate for Particular People— from a Rug to a House—by the Vacuum System. Let us give you a Clean House for the year 1911 •Phone 3253 Harlem. 12 West 135th Street TELEPHONE 5277 MORNINGSIDE No. 4 Special Buggy Dr. Gertrude E. Curtis$65.00 471 Lenox Avenue, New York City A value unequaled. Sold on SURGEON $1.00 Profit Margin. Write DENTIST for prices and other styles. Send for catalog. Office Hours: Bellevue Dental Clinic 9-12 a.m. Mondays from C. R. Patterson&amp; Sons 2-9 p. m. 2 to 5 p. m. GREENFIELD, OHIO Largest Negro carriage concern in the United States SUNDAYS BY APPOINTMENT WOMEN'S and CHILDREN'S WOR K A SPECIALTY Mention TH E CRISIS. PEOPLE WHO READ THE CRISIS Find it intensely interesting because it is different from the ordinary. When a magazine is so interesting that the reader says " I was sorry because there was no more to read" it is very valuable as an advertising medium, because, when "there is no more to read," the advertisements are invariably read with the same zest and enthusiasm as the reading matter. Advertisements read in this frame of mind always leave an after-thought and are more likely to " make the sale." Let us tell you WH Y the CRISIS is different as an advertising medium. Let us tell you HO W we co-operate with our advertisers. ADVERTISING MANAGER ALBON L. HOLSEY, Address: Room 311,20 Vesey Street, New York A limited number of free beds maintained for the worthy poor. Other ward patients maintained at $7.00 per week. Private rooms can be secured from $12.00 to $30.00 per week. The training school for nurses maintains a two years' course. A high school certificate, or an education sufficient to be considered an equivalent, necessary for admission. Five thousand dollars endows a free bed. Andrew F. Stevens, President. Nathan F. Mossell, M.D.. Medical Director and Superintendent. Frederick Douglass Memorial Hospital and Training School, Philadelphia, Pa. READY EARLY IN JUNE HALF A MAN The Status of the Negro in New York By MARY WHITE OVINGTON With a Foreword by Dr. Franz Boas, of Columbia University "M y father has always lived in the I Miss Ovington's description of the status South." a young colored man once said to I of the Negro in New York City is based on me. "and has attained success there; but j a most painstaking inquiry into his social when I ceased to be a boy he advised me and economic conditions, and brings out in to live in the North, where my manhood | the most forceful way the difficulties under would be respected. He himself cannot  which the race is laboring, even in the large continually endure his position of inferior;cosmopolitan population of New York. It ity, and in the summer he comes North to is a refutation of the claims that the Negro be a man. No," correcting himself, "to has equal opportunity with the whites, and he HAL F A MAN . A Negro is wholly a that his failure to advance more rapidly man only in Europe."—Fro m the Author's I than he has, is due to innate inability.— "Introduction." I From Dr. Boas' "Forward." 12mo, cloth. Price $1.00 net. By mail, $1.12. LONGMANS, GREEN &amp; CO., Publishers, NEW YORK The above book may be purchased through any bookseller or will he mailed by THE CRISIS on receipt of the price and postage. Mention TH E CRISIS.