The Crisis The Crisis JULY1918 TEN CENTS Frank Walts EDUCATION NUMBER. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE President Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY JOHN R. SHILLADY Chairman Board of Directors Director of Publications and Research MAJOR J. E. SPIN.GARN DR. w. E. B. DUBOIS Acting Chairman of the Board Field Secretary MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Treasurer Assistant Secretary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE The N. A. A. C. P. has no endowments. It is supported entirely by voluntary contributions and membership fees. It appeals to all fair-minded citizens, white and colored, to join in the effort to secure simple justice under the law for colored citizens. Heretofore the Association has not had money enough ade quately to carry on the fight. Join now and help secure a fuller measure of justice for the Twelve Million colored citizens of America. // you believe in a square deal for every man, this is your chance to help. Negroes in many states are disfranchised, discriminated against, "Jim-Crowed," lynched, denied equal protection of the laws, equal educational advantages for their children, and equal economic oppor tunity. National honor demands justice for all citizens. If every reader of The Crisis will become a member, the Asso ciation's work can be made more effective. D O IT NOW . Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to THE CRISIS. Name Street City and State TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURCHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 16—No. 3 JULY, 1918 Whole No. 93 PICTURES Page COVER: A sketch of Nora E. Johnson. By Frank Walts. SEVENTY-FOUR GRADUATES OF 1918 117 ARTICLES EDUCATION. By James H. Dillard 115 THE YEAR IN NEGRO EDUCATION 116 COMPENSATION. By R. E. Cheyney 126 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL Il l NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 122 THE LOOKING GLASS 128 THE HORIZON 133 THE AUGUST CRISIS The August Crisis will be Vacation Number, with stories and soldiers and outdoor things. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and DRAWING S relating to colored people are desired. They will be received at the sender's risk, but if postage is enclosed effort will be made to return them safely, if unavailable. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Echication of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opens Tuesday, October I, 1918. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The A. &amp; T. Summer School The Agricultural and Technical College The Nineteenth Annual Session begins June 24, 1918, and continues six weeks. Pleasant surroundings, strong fac ulty, attractive courses. Teachers are advised to send Registration Fee at once and secure lodging in advance. A Teachers' Institute, under the management of Experts, will be conducted co-incidentally with the last two weeks of the session. Registration Fee: to new students $2.00 " " : to former students $1.00 For information as to Summer School, Institute or for catalog, address THE CHEYNEY TRAINING SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. For reasonably mature students who have a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in aoademic work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year $125. Fall term begins Wednesday, September 18, 1918. The Summer School for Teachers, from July 1st to July 31st, inclusive, will this year offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, art needle work, cookery, wood and metal working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications should be made early. Cost for the four weeks $16.00. For further information write to PRESIDENT DUDLEY, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N . 0. Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS. 109 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University la beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Oa. The oouraea of itudy Include High Sohool, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduate! of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty- nine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses In the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 18, 1918. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Cataloi A id rut NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two yea. above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opens October 2, 1918. EABHY ANDREW* KINO, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL Aa Episcopal boarding school for girls, under" the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinitjr School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood «nd womanhood. For literature, etc, write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, ProsieW •IIHOr 7. I. TLIFPX*, Ohalraaaa Traita* Boar. Mention TH E CRISIS, T0UGAL00 COLLEGE LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI SALISBURY, N. C. " The best school for Negroes in the State."—Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition COLLEGE Open	 to AD Negroes: Only Merit Connts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveniences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Course! of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opens October, 1918. For	 Further Information Address D.	 C. SUGGS, President or J. E . Aggrey, Registrar. Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (Established 1856) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U . S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, la. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opens September 17th. For information address W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. Mention Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses — College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to Eighth and Ninth Grade. For particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S.	 G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Sal em, N . C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Womu' i Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma, O. L. COLEMAN, President The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW	 REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. Educational Institutions Continued on page 138  TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 16-No. 3 JULY, 1918 Whole No. 93 Editorial CLOSE RANKS. |HIS is the crisis of the world. For all the long years to come men will point to the year 1918 as the great Day of Decision, the day when the world decided whether it would submit to military despotism and an endless armed peace—if peace it could be called—or whether they would put down the menace of German militarism and inaugurate the United States of the World. We of the colored race have no ordinary interest in the outcome. That which the German power represents today spells death to the aspirations of Negroes and all darker races for equality, freedom and democracy. Let us not hesitate. Let us, while this war lasts, forget our special grievances and close our ranks shoulder to shoulder with our own white fellow citizens and the allied nations that are fighting for democracy. We make no ordinary sacrifice, but we make it gladly and willingly with our eyes lifted to the hills. WAR SAVING STAMPS. CORRESPONDENT writes us: "Has there been put in operation any effective machinery for bringing our twelve million colored citizens, especially those living in the Southern States, into this great national movement for Thrift and Economy, represented by the War Savings Stamp movement? This movement is to have a profound effect on the char acter of the American people; millions of prodigal, shiftless Americans are going to learn their first lessons in Thrift and Economy through buying Thrift Stamps and War Savings Stamps. It is obvious that our colored citizens should share to the full the benefits as well as the responsibilities of the movement. "It is a voluntary effort. Thousands of voluntary committees are working to inculcate the lessons of Thrift and inspire voluntary purchase of stamps." We are glad to say that such a movement has been begun. Various organizations are taking hold and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People will use its more than 30,000 members in 108 branches to push this splendid movement. Remember, June twenty-eighth is National War Savings Day! THE COMMON SCHOOL. UC H mist and misunder standing has been con sciously and unconscious ly put in the colored public mind by recent discussions of the schools. We colored people must, however, keep one thing clearly before us: the first fours years of a child's life, no matter what his race or condition, must be devoted by every modern country which wishes to survive and grow to a very simple program of study: (1) The child must learn to read so as to be able easily to understand what men have writ ten; (2) the child must learn to write so as to be able to communicate with his fellow men; (3) the child must learn to count so as to be able to handle the extraordinary multiplicity of the world's things. To read, to write, to cipher—this is the program and the only program of the first four years of a child's school life. The neglect to do this work then means, in practically all cases, the fatal crippling of the child. This program of study is a matter of technique and difficult technique. It must be learned early and thoroughly or it may not be learned at all. It must be carefully drilled in and be made second nature to the child. Whenever any persons, country or age seek to substitute for this work anything else, they are either themselves deceived or deliberately deceiving. Other things may appear in the program of the primary school but they are simply subsidiary to the main program and designed to make the main program more easily acquired. Play, for instance, is there as a matter of health and recreation; moral habits are always to be indirectly acquired in home and in school, but the technical business of the primary school is to teach the child to read, to write and to cipher. No vocational training has any place in a primary school. Any at tempt to turn the primary school into a place for teaching trades or teach ing agriculture or teaching housework as such is absolutely wrong and should be fought bitterly by every ad vocate of democracy and human up lift. This does not mean that for rec reation or as discipline little children may not sew and wash dishes and cul tivate school gardens, but this work must not be vocational—it must be simply a means of interesting the child in this main work of learning to read, to write and to cipher. The next four years of grammar grades are also mainly the carrying out of the work of the first four years, teaching the child to read for information as well as exercise; to write for self-expression as well as for mere communication; and to reason more clearly with mathematical correctness. It may be necessary at some times and places that a child from ten to fourteen be compelled to take some vocational work for self-support, but no country as rich as the United States or as enlightened can afford to make this necessary. It is becoming more and more fixed in our national thought that it is the business of a nation to educate a child up to fourteen years, that is through the grammar grades; and in addition to the three R's and the geography, history and language study that go with them we should add nothing to the curriculum which is not primarily for the helping of these students in this main work either directly or indirectly through inciting interest and correct habits of health and application. After fourteen there comes an entirely different question—whether the child is to be trained directly for self-supporting work, as most children should be, or whether his talents are sufficient for him to be trained to greater service by longer methods of education. NATIONAL AID. nation will face after this war a tremendous and righteous demand for national aid to common school training. We must no longer allow our educational system to be a thing of shreds and patches and especially so far as colored people are concerned we must get rid of the menace of ignorance. Colored children under fourteen years must have good schools to which they can go and are compelled to go. Anything less than this is unworthy of the Land and the Day. EDITORIAL 113 On the boards which control the administration of funds for the colored public schools the colored race must be represented. They must have a voice in their own education. PHILANTHROPY. P**^BJ H E Negro race in America griigj owes a mighty debt, first, to iL/SS that army of teachers that I™1""! followed the emancipating hosts of the Civil War and taught the colored people until they were able in a measure to teach themselves; sec ondly, to the many millions of people, some rich and some poor, who now for a half-century have been giving monies to support Negro education. It is not strange that the time is ap proaching and practically is upon us when the stream of financial help from this source is beginning to cease. We must frankly face the prospect that after the war when new calls for help and rehabilitation pour in from all sides and ask aid and succor from an impoverished world that the flow of Northern wealth to Southern col ored schools will definitely diminish. This is natural. No system of higher education for twelve million people can expect to be supported indefinitely by charity. If turning from individual donors we look to the great educational boards, foundations and endowments there is little to hope for. For the most part these foundations are either such as are hard-pressed for funds, as in the case of the church "boards, or have ideas with regard to the education of Negroes with which thinking Negroes do not agree. What, then, is the future of higher education among Negroes to be? Three universities, Howard, Fisk and Lincoln, are probably upon an assured basis; the last two by reason of small endowments, the first because the Ne gro vote in the United States will probably insure continued appropria tions by Congress. Three universities, however, are ridiculously inadequate. We may then turn to those colleges under the control of the various denominational boards.—The Congregationalists can, if they wish, use enough of their endowment funds to support Talladega and Straight as higher institutions, and they may do so. The colored constituency of the Methodist Episcopal Church will probably compel the maintenance at a fair state of efficiency of some schools like Claflin, Bennett and Clark. The Baptists are in a more debatable condition. Their Negro constituency has for the most part withdrawn to itself and is supporting its own schools, leaving the white Baptists with a small Negro constituency to support schools like Morehouse, Shaw and Virginia Union. SELF-HELP. NEGR O universities and schools of higher training have got to be supported by Negroes I or, for the most part, they will not be supported at all. If we black folk want college training for our children, we have got to furnish it out of our own pockets. This is a harsh conclusion and in many respects an unfair burden. If men were wise and if sociology were a science, it would be easy for Negroes to show the people of the United States that the safest and greatest investment that this country could make of a thousand millions of dollars during the next decade would be the establishment of a series of Negro universities and higher technical schools throughout the United States. But the nation does not see it and it will not see it for one hundred years. Human beings today have been educated to the point where they recognize the need of philanthropy for the hungry, the cripple, the grossly ignorant. Many have been educated also to see the just demand of philanthropy for the diseased, the weak and the half-trained. Beyond THE CRISIS this, however, it is difficult to get philanthropy to go. Thorough education and higher training still seem to most people a luxury and an indulgence and we must recognize these facts. We ourselves, however, know that if the Negro is to survive in this world as a man of thought and power, a co-worker with the leading races in civilization, a free, independent citizen of a modern democracy, then the foundations for this future must be laid in the Negro university. This much we know, but hitherto we have not realized that we have got to pay the bill for this education. AWAKE, PUT ON THY STRENGTH, O ZION. E can support our own universities. We must do it. One little school in Virginia, supported simply by poor Negro Baptists, refused the help of philanthropists, paid back with interest the money that had been given to it, bought its own land and put up its own build ings, hired its own teachers and last year gave $25,000 cash to run the institution. The Virginia Theological Seminary and College is not a perfect institution. It does not meet the approval of all educators, but it does meet the approval of every independent, right-thinking colored man who believes that the day of passing the hat for Negro education is nearing a close and who is thanking God for it. DETERMINATION REMEMBER the word of Robert Browning, the great poet who shared faintly our own . dark blood, how he wrote in "Asolando" of "One who never turned his back but marched breast forward, "Never doubted clouds would break, "Never dreamed, though right were worsted, wrong would triumph, "Held we fall to rise, are baffled to fight better, Sleep to wake!" RANKING SCHOLARS OF NOTED NORMAL SCHOOLS. MISS L. M. AVERITTE MISS M. T. BROWN J. S. GIBSON T. S. INBORDEN State Normal, Tenn. Hampton Tuskegee Brick, N. C. EDUCATION A Brief Confession of Faith By James H. Dillard President of the Slater and Jeanes Funds T HAV E frequently said: I do not believe •*• in industrial education. I do not believe in academic education. I believe in education. The question how we are to get education has, in my opinion, no definite answer. Three of the best educated men have ever known went to school but two or three years in their lives. Yet they knew how to use their minds, they had high vision and broad vision, and they loved art and good literature. Looking back over my own experience I find that the place to which I look with most gratitude for what help in education I received was a one-room school; but there was a great-minded man in that one-room school. He was one of two men whom I have ever met who could really read Latin and Greek. He knew the whole range of history, and he took us boys into his confidence. So it comes from my experience that I would have for answer to the question, how to get education, only this: yourself, wanting to learn; and a real man, wanting to teach. It is the old answer of Mark Hopkins on one end of the log and you at the other. What Dr. DuBois said about Spence at Fisk tells the same story. Al l our modern expensive equipment, so far as real education goes, is as nothing in comparison. As things go, I think it is well for us to have both book teaching and thing teaching, and for real education I value the latter very largely because of its reaction upon the former. I can see that when I was a boy at school I did not think back of the words to the facts or things represented by the words. I can sympathize fully with the boy to whom China was yellow because the map was yellow, and Russia pink because the map was pink. I did not connect even mensuration in Arithmetic with actual things, although the words named the things. I should have been shocked if told to get on the floor and actually measure it. It seems to me that dealing with things, doing things with hands, has a tendency to correct this danger of having the mind stop with the words and fail to project the thought to what the words mean. There is, of course, an educational value in knowing how to do things, whether it be to make a table or a biscuit, or to raise cabbage. There certainly is an educational value in such work if the instructor insist that the table sit steady, that the biscuit be a good one, and the cabbage-planting be done just right. Accuracy is one of the marks of an educated man. But in my own mind I confess that the material benefit of what is called industrial education comers second. It is education that we want, because the educated mind can set itself and its body to whatever is needed to be done. I can never think of education as depending on grades, high or low. I am sure that I got more of what seems to me to be education from the one-room school than I got from my course in college. And yet for the sake of knowledge we have the grades from the primary to university, and I am sure that we should neglect none. I think moreover that every boy and girl should have a chance at all of them if he or she can be benefited thereby. Knowing, however, the inevitable fact that the great majority for a long time to come are to be in the so-called lower grades of education, I am sure that relatively much more money should be spent than at present on these lower grades. Even for the sake of the colleges this should be. The newly inaugurated Governor of Virginia says, "We must build from the bottom up," and I venture to hope that a majority of Virginians will agree with him. Certain it is that many now think that Thomas Jefferson made a mistake when he gave most of his thought and enthusiasm to the top part first. I know all the arguments about having teachers and leaders and all that. It is a question of emphasis and proportion, and we need not fly to either extreme. Permit me to say in this connection that in making recommendations to the Slater Board, my aim has been to have one-third of the income go to what is called higher education. This is relatively a high amount, but under the circumstances I do not think too high. It might be wiser Tn consideration of the smallness of the actual amount to divide this among fewer institutions than fifteen or twenty as has usually been done. There is a general recognition of THE CRISIS the need of at least half a dozen genuine colleges in the South for colored students, and gifts should probably go in this direction. I do not want this digression to take our minds away from the actual thought of this brief paper, which is, that what we need is education, rather than any particular kind or grade. Some day perhaps another Socrates, or Froebel, or Rousseau may tell us some surer way of going- for the thing. At present we know nothing: beyond the fact, which is certainly sure as far as it goes, that the necessary factor is the educated and consecrated personality of the teacher. We are in great danger in America of thinking too highly of machinery and system. The process of machinery and system, however efficiently wo may use the machinery and apply the system, may be called education—but is it? It surely is not, unless it carries with it the idea that its main concern is not the fine machinery or the perfect system. It must know that the real thing is the personal contact and individual instruction, through which the child or youth learns to use his powers, and comes to find, in the best use of these powers which God has given him, be they great or small,.the value and meaning of life. It may be well to emphasize the fact that in using the word education I have not meant knowledge, either general or technical. The two words have naturally been confused, because, of course, in getting knowledge there is likely to be some acquirement cf education, and in getting education there is sure to be some acquirement of knowledge. So it happens that in practice we merge the two. I doubt if a satisfactory definition of education can be given. I came as near as I could when in speaking of three educated men, I said that "they knew how to use their minds, they had high vision and broad vision, and they loved art and good literature." And again when" I said, "learns to use his powers, and comes to find, in the best use of these powers which God has given him, be they great or small, the value and meaning of life." In other words we may put it this way: In each of us there is a real self, and education is the process of leading forth this real self into the free play of good desires and true uses. Or more simply, perhaps we may say that the educated man is one who has a liberal and generous mind and is capable and desirous of leading a useful life. THE YEAR IN NEGRO EDUCATION THE war has made serious inroads on Negro education, but the harvest is still commendable. Twelve students take higher degrees in arts; three hundred and eighty-four Bachelors in Arts and Science have been graduated; four hundred and seventy-five have been graduated in the learned professions, and partial reports give nearly two thousand graduates ^from the high schools. DEGREES OF DISTINCTION. TWELV E colored students have received higher degrees during the present commencement season. F. H. Hough, of Ohio, a Bachelor of Arts of Ohio State University, received the Degree of Doctor in Pedagogy from New York University. His dissertation was on "Racial Pedagogy'in the Light of Racial Psychology." Mr. Hough has done post-graduate work at Clark and Columbia, and is, at present, a teacher of English in Public School 147, New York City. Ten students received the Degree of Master of Arts: Howard W. Brown, at Harvard, for work in English; Nellie M. Quander and Frank N. Fitzpatrick at Columbia, and Arthur A. Madison, at Teachers' College at Columbia; Eva B. Dykes, at Radcliffe, for work in English. She will continue her work in the Graduate Department on a scholarship. A t the University of Chicago, Joseph C. Carroll and Robert W. Brooks received the M . A. Degree. A t Northwestern University, Robert N . Brooks received this degree, G. V. Cools at the State University of Iowa, and Fitzpatrick Stewart at the University of Pittsburgh. At Boston University, W. A. Pollard received the Degree of Master of Laws. THE NEW BACHELORS. THE Degree of Bachelor of Arts or Sci ence has been conferred upon 10 colored persons, as follows, from the leading universities: Oberlin, Stella A. Creditt; Purdue, D. J. RECIPIENTS OF HIGHER DEGREES. (Top Row) Miss E. B. Dykes, A. M., Racliffe; R. M. Brooks, A. M., University of Chicago; J. C, Carroll, A. M., University of Chicago; F. H. Hough, Ped. D., New York University. (Bottom Row) H. W. Brown, A. M., Harvard; Miss N. M., Quander, A. M., Columbia; F. Steward, A. M., Pittsburgh. 117 Henderson, R. T. Smith; Radcliffe, Mary M. Gibson; University of Pennsylvania, Sadie T. Tanner; Smith College, Lillian B. Wit-ten; Dartmouth College, C. H. Mills, L. B. Granger; Cornell University, Miss E. Carpenter; Brown University, Augustus Webb. The state universities have conferred the Bachelor's Degree upon 29 colored persons, as follows: State University of Washington, Gertrude B. Ruley; Connecticut Agricultural College, Alan T. Busby; University of California, Joseph E. Covington, Walter A. Gordon; New York University, George Powell; University of Kansas, Gladys C. M . Anderson, Wiley L. Thompson; Michigan Agricultural College, Clement C. Johnson; University of Michigan, Ferdinand W. Penn, R. E. Walker; University of Illinois, Archie H. Hart, Theodore Roane, Thomas B. Mayo, Ethelred E. Campbell, Ernest J. Wilkins," Frances O. Woods, Mary G. Gaines; University of Southern California, Gladys R. Harris, D. Elody Nesty; Ohio State University, Emmett B. Saunders, Carl E. Bar-nett, Nelson L. Barnett; University of Colorado, Lucille Buchanan; University of Minnesota, Mrs. Lillian A. Turner; University of Pittsburgh, Thomas E. Barton, Indiana University, Sirdastion D. Merriwether, Edward W. Proctor; State University of Iowa, Everett Colbert; College of the City of New York, Patanilla Barker. Other colleges have conferred the Bachelor's Degree on 21 colored'students, as follows: Colgate University, Ira D. Pinson; Des Moines College, Theodore S. Boone; Southwestern College (Kan.), Charles T. Wood; Ohio University, Mary E. Wayne, Charles T. Ison, Sarah A. Cox, William D. Johnson; Iowa Wesleyan College, C. Harold Gooch; Carnegie Institute (Pittsburg), Mortimer A. Demmey; Butler College, Fannie V. Hyde, Eugenia S. Dent; Washburn College, Helen Forbes, William H. Jones, Alice A. Smith; Macalester College, James K. Hilyard; Hillsdale College, John M. Belcher, Robert H. Cable; Hunter College, Octavia F. Alexander; Milliken University, Fred. T. Long; Bates College, Julian D. Coleman; Case School, Harold A. Leather-man. COLORED COLLEGES. THE following 209 degrees of A. B. and B. S. have been conferred by the ten leading colored colleges, with the following ranking scholars: Howard 70—Mary Webb Biddle 39— Fisk 26—S. C. Buckner Lincoln 24—C. T. Kimbrough Wilberforce 12—G. E. Jackson Atlanta University . 8—R. T. Cater Morehouse College .. 8—J. A. Derricotte Talladega 8— Knoxville 7—F. S. McMahan Virginia Union .... 7—D. W. Davis (2d) Fisk gave one M . A. Degree. Other colored colleges have graduated 115 Bachelors of Arts and Science as follows, with ranking scholars: Bishop 14—Ida E. Wade Benedict 13—M. B. West Negro A. &amp; T., N. C." 10— State A. &amp; M., S. C. S—3. H. Duckett Philander Smith . .. 8—Minnie Elston Livingstone 8— Florida A. &amp; M 7—E. J. McMillan Clark 6—C. V. Ross Shaw 6—M. E. Dubissette Samuel Huston .... 5—J. W. Neal Morgan 4—W. T. Bell Rust 3— Virginia Theological. Z—J. W. Megginson Straight 3—H. S. Henry Morris Brown 3—L. R. Lautier Spelman 2— Miles Memorial .... 2— Roger Williams .... 2— Claflin 2— Bennett 1— Alabama A. &amp; N... . 1— Paine, Georgia 1— PROFESSIONAL GRADUATES. PROFESSIONAL graduates are reported to us as follows: LAW, 32: Yale i 3 Northwestern 1 University of Kansas 2 University of Pittsburgh 1 State University of Iowa 1 Boston 2 Harvard 2 Howard 20 MEDICINE, 110: Northwestern 2 University of Michigan 2 Tufts 1 Boston 1 Temple 3 Meharry 77 Howard. 24 C. H. MILLS, Dartmouth C. H. THOMPSON, Chicago L. B. GRANGER, Dartmouth MISS MARY M. GIBSON, Radcliffe MISS S, T. MOSSELL, Pennsylvania MISS L. B. WITTEN, Smith MISS S. A. CREDITT, Oberjin 119 THE CRISIS THEOLOGY, 3G: Yale 2 Oberlin -Talladega 2 Shaw 1 Livingstone 5 Morehouse 1 Bishop 2 Bishop Payne 3 Gammon 5 Howard 6 Lincoln ~&gt; DENTISTRY, 93: Northwestern 1 University of Illinois 1 Ohio State 1 Tufts 1 Temple 3 Marquette 1 Meharry 32 Howard 53 PHARMACY, 24: University of Illinois 1 Temple : 7 State University of Iowa 1 Western Reserve 1 Meharry 6 Howard 8 VETERINARY MEDICINE, 5: Colorado State Agricultural 1 Kansas State Agricultural 1 Coimell 3 TEACHER TRAINING, 108: Spelman 8 Clark 5 Hartshorn 14 Miner Normal 56 Atlanta University 9 Bluefield 5 Alabama A. and N 3 Straight 4 Howard 4 NURSE TRAINING, 67: Grady 5 Meharry 6 City Hospital, Kansas City 9 Lincoln, New York 23 Lincoln, Durham 5 Provident, Chicago 3 Frecdman 8 McVicker, .Atlanta 8 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES. AS usual, our list of high school grad uates is very incomplete. Thirteen high schools, including those of Greater New York, reported 561 colored graduates as follows: Dunbar, D. C 137 Baltimore High 79 Armstrong, D. C 60 Sumner, Kansas City, Mo 58 Sumner, St. Louis 55 Pearl, Nashville 33 Kortrecht, Memphis 31 Knoxville 26 Baltimore Training 24 New York 18 Chattanooga, Tenn 16 Howard, Wilmington, Del 13 Louisville Central 11 From the high school departments of col ored private schools 1385 students have been graduated as follows: Prairie View 125 Tennessee A. and 1 109 S. C. State A. and N 78 Hampton 77 Southern 62 Straight 45 Benedict 45 Atlanta University 44 Knoxville 43 . New Orleans 36 Bluefield . 35 Howard University Academy 35 Morgan '. . 34 Alcorn 33 Shaw 32 Virginia Union 30 Talladega 30 Livingstone 30 Spelman 27 Morris Brown 26 Philander Smith 26 Bennett 26 Wilberforce 24 Claflin 24 Tougaloo 24 Morehouse 22 Roger Williams 21 Princess Anne 20 Okla. Colored A. and N 18 Storer 18 Florida A. and'N 17 Western (Kansas) 15 Christiansburg 14 Ballard 14 Miles 13 Alabama A. and M 13 Paine 12 North Carolina A. and T 11 Virginia Theological 11 Tillotson 11 National Training 11 MISS C. M. ANDERSON MISS F. 0. WOODS MISS L..B. BUCHANAN Kansas Illinois Colorado F. W, PENN J. E. WILKINS W. A. GORDON Michigan Illinois California N. L. BARNETT S. D. MERIWETHER E. B. SAUNDERS Ohio State Indiana Ohio State C E. BARNETT G. H. POWELL J. E. COVINGTON Ohio Stato New York California 121 THE CRISIS Brick Cheyney Delaware State Rust Immanuel Clark Chandler Hartshorn The following ranking 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2  scholars in high schools are reported: Princess Anne, M. C. Eaton; Oklahoma, N. &amp; I., W. N. Mc-Gowan; Southern University, E . Frierson; National Training, M. L. Woodward; Tuskegee, J. S: Gibson; Christiansburg, J. P. Bentley; Prairie View, W. H. Clay; Tennessee A. and I., Laura Averittte; Brick, T. S. Inborden; Hampton, N. T. Brown; Western (Quindaro), Grace Goodall. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People PARTIAL RESULTS OF THE MOORFIELD STOREY DRIVE. H E extended period for the Moorfield Storey Drive for 50,000 members ended on May 31. Most of the branches are busy checking up the results from the different teams and individual workers, so that full results cannot be announced until next month. It is seldom that a campaign has aroused so much interest as this Drive, and this is especially encouraging since it indicates a marked increase in interest upon the part of the colored people in the work that the Association is doing. In addition to this interest on the part of the branches already established at the beginning of the Drive, the desire of other cities to be identified with the work of the Association has resulted in the establishment of 18 new branches with a total membership of 1593. The new branches that have been established with the number of charter members are as follows : Fayetteville, N. C 25 Fort Worth. Tex 117 Isthmian (Canal Zone, Panama) 27 Lynchburg, Ya 49 Roanoke, Y a ,"&gt;2 San Antonio, Tex 400 San Jose, Cal 42 Yenice, Cal 25 Western University (Kansas City, Kan.) 30 Wheeling, VV. Ya 52 Winston Salem, N. C SO Rocky Mount, N. C 30 Lincoln. Xeb 47 Darlington, S. C 25 Wilberforce, 0 31S Charlottesville. V a 33 Chevnev, Pa 70 Vallejo. Cal 71 Asheville. N. C 48 Salt Lake Citv, Utah 37 1593 A partial report cf the branches which participated in the Drive, giving the number of new members since February 28th to June 1st is given below: Since February 28, 16,010 new members have been added, which with the 9869 members on February 28, and the 1593 members in the newly established branches gives a total membership to date of 27,472. This is far from being the complete total, since a large number of the branches have not as yet made any report, and many of the branches have made only a partial report. Below is given a list of branches with the membership on February 28 and the Drive Quota, and the number of members added from February 28 to June 1: BRANCH MEMBERSHIP DRIVE ADDITIONS ...AlbuquerqueAthensAtlantaAugustaBaltimoreBaltimore CoBostonBuffaloCamdenCharlestonChicagoCincinnatiClevelandColumbiaColumbusDanville, (111)Danville, (Va.)DaytonDecaturDenverDetroitDes MoinesDist. of Columbia DurhamEast St. LouisEl PasoEvansvilleGaryGreensboroHarrisburgHartfordIndianapolis Feb. 2S QUOTA February 28  H&gt; Jn»e 1  20 182 14  31 217 (I  140 980 (I  57 399 "I  160 1162 7  26 182 (I  757 3028 447  62 434 0  42 292 0  59 413 598  185 1295 0  145 1015 463  420 2100 355  46 322 5  220 1540 0  10 112 ]  45 315 28  35 245 0  59 413 100  81 567 20  116 812 1023  65 455 2  . . 626 2504 0089  28 196 1  17 119 0  76 532 0  21 147 0  88 616 20  27 189 19  43 301 0  122 854 13  '21 147 468 Jacksonville. Fla. .. . 148 1036 274 Johnstown 53 .371 64 Kansas City. Kan.. . 165 1155 346 Kansas City, Mo... . 48 336 1 Key West 86 602 2 BANKING SCHOLARS MISS G. £. JACKSON MISS J. A. DERRICOTTE MISS S. C. BUCKNE R Wilberforce Talladega Fisk M. M. FISHER R. T. Cater C. T. KIMBROUG H Morehouse Atlanta Lincoln W. S. DAVIS Biddle F. S. McMAHON Knoxville D. W. DAVIS, 2nd Virginia Union 123 THE CRISIS Lincoln Univ 45 315 0 Los Angeles 59 413 7 Louisville 128 896 1203 Macon 34 238 0 Maywood 36 252 5 Minneapolis 110 770 1 Moline 29 203 3 Memphis 1 18 826 852 Montclair 34 238 0 Newark 46 322 7 New Bedford 66 462 252 New Haven 135 945 2 New Orleans 310 2170 0 New York 542 2710 Brooklyn 145 New York 63 N. California 266 1862 13 Norfolk 39 273 11 Oklahoma City .. . 40 280 0 Oberlin 19 133 0 Orange 51 357 0 Philadelphia 261 1S27 470 Pittsburg 1«3 1141 083 Peoria 22 151 0 Portsmouth 25 175' 0 Portland 48 336 45 Providence ls.0 1330 690 Ouincy 45 315 0 Raleigh 20 203 0 Richmond 106 742 95 Seattle 23 161 So Savannah 78 546 0 Shreveport 43 301 26 Springfield, (111.) .... 23 161 50 Springfield. (Mass.) . 20 182 305 Springfield, (.Mo. I .. 25 175 0 Springfield, (O.).... 44 308 208 St. Louis 615 2460 0 St. Paul 82 574 0 Syracuse 52 364 2i Tampa 132 924 0 Toledo HO 770 116 Topeka 50 350 0 Toronto 40 280 0 Ya. Union Univ. . . . 20 140 0 Washington, (Pa.I .. 55 3S5 U&gt; Wilmington 94 058 1S2 York 62 434 0 Total new members 16.011 Membership of New Branches 1 593 Old members 9,860 Total reported membership, June 1 27,472 A MILITARY ANTI-LYNCHING MEASURE. REPRESENTATIVES of the Military Intelligence Bureau proposed the following measure as a substitute for the Dyer bill mentioned in the June issue of the CRISIS at a special hearing before the Judiciary committee of the House on June 6. A BILL. To punish the crime of lynching in so far as such crimes tend to prevent the success of the United States in war. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled:' That, whenever the United States is at war, whoever shall participate in any mob or riotous assemblage whereby death or mortal injury is intentionally caused to any man or woman employed in the service of the United States, or to any man liable to service in the military forces of the United States under the act approved May 18, 1918, entitled "An Act to Authorize the President to Increase Temporarily the Military Establishment of the United States" or under any present or future statute of the United States or to any person held under arrest by or as a prisoner of or in internment by the United States, or to the wife, husband, brother, sister, father, mother, son, daughter, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece, or first cousin, whether of the whole blood or half blood, of a person in the military or naval forces of the United States or liable to service therein, as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a capital offense against the United States, and shall, upon conviction, be punished in accordance with the punishment prescribed for the crime of murder under the United States Criminal Code. LIBERTY AND DEMOCRACY BUT, some people are saying, why should *-* the National Association undertake a drive for membership at this time when the government is floating liberty bonds, when the Red Cross and the Young Men's and Young Women's Christian Associations are doing such invaluable war service, when the government makes so many calls upon the people of the country? Our answer is that this is a war for Liberty and for Democracy, and that the National Association since its inception has stood pre-eminently for these two things. In our first statement on Lincoln's Birthday, 1909, we said: "We call upon those who believe in democracy to join a national movement for the discussion of present evils, the voicing of protests, and the renewal of the struggle for civil and political liberty." To-day the world is astir with the gospel of the right of every man, no matter how poor he may be or what his race or color, to determine his own destiny, to have a part in the government under which he lives. The United States is the leader in such democratic thought, and the colored men and white men who believe in justice can show no finer patriotism than, while defending democracy abroad, working wholeheartedly for democracy at home. At our many meeting's held during these two weeks of our drive colored men have again and again agreed that a membership in the National Association means membership in the world cause of liberty. MISS F. A. ALEXANDE R Hunter C. H . GOOCH Iowa Wesleyan I. D. PINSON Colgate D. J. HENDERSO N Purdue MISS F. HYD E Butler MISS A. A. SMITH Washburn R. H . CABL E Hillsdale C. JOHNSON Michigan Agricultural MISS E. S. DEN T Butler W. D, JOHNSON Ohio J. D. COLEMA N Bates R. T. SMITH Purduo 125 DISTINGUISHED HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES. MISS M. ALEXANDER MISS S. ELLISON MISS H. M. JOHNSON MISS L. F. EDWARDS Armstrong, D. C. Chattanooga New York Dunbar, D. C. MISS H. SMILEY MISS E. L. HARRISON MISS I. GITTENS MISS E. BRYANT Kansas City, Kan. Brooklyn New York Nashville MISS L. HANSBOROUGH MISS A. STAFFORD MISS E. FISHER MISS A. G. WTLKERSON Memphis Wilmington Cal. Normal Louisville MISS M. B. RETTA G. W. EVANS MISS J. E, RUMFORD MISS A. WELMON Baltimore Knoxville New York. Brooklyn ELEVEN OF THE 475 PEOFESSIONAL GRADUATES: A LAWYER AND MINISTER FROM YALE, A LAWYER FROM NORTHWESTERN, A DENTIST AND A PHARMACIST FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS, A VETERINARY SURGEON FROM CORNELL, AND NURSES FROM GRADY HOSPITAL 127 The Looking Glass LITERATURE. Harriet MONROE in Poetry: THE ROSE-BUSH "Old Mammy Jones, I came to see your rose bush." "Come right up, sonny!" "Why does your rose-bush grow so taller and prouder Than any white people's roses?" "Dunno, sonny—ask de good Lo'd." "Look, it has a thousand arms, And they carry a million roses In their baskets of leaves— Over your roof, Mammy Jones, Into your porch, into your wood-shed, Pushing and crowding out everything From the ground to the sky— As round as the world!" "It's to trim my ole cabin up, sonny." "My mother has a garden, Mammy Jones, With nice little rose-bushes in it That the gardener trimmed, And this morning there were pink and yel low buds And lots of green ones. But not roses and roses like yours, Way up for God to smell 'em In the sky! Why is it, Mammy Jones?" "Donno, sonny—p'raps de good Lo'd like Mammy Jones; P'raps he give a bouquet to his gal." TH E QUESTION They were sauntering down the red road As I passed them— The round-lipped black woman and her child. And the child was saying: "Why's white folks better'n us, Mammy? What's white folks, anyhow?" President King of Oberlin recently said: Any race that fearlessly and unselfishly gives her best men for the cause of a country like the Negro has, has the right to expect to live in that country and enjoy the right of liberty, life, happiness and protection. Attention is called to the Children's Year Leaflet, Number 1, issued by the Children's Bureau of the United States Department of Labor. It begins with the words, "The second year of the war ought to be marked by determined nation-wide effort on behalf of childhood." It is pointed out in an accompanying letter that for every one hundred births, ninety-nine white children and one hundred and eighty-one colored children die before they reach the age of one year. These figures are, of course, based on a very small registration of Negro births, and are, perhaps, therefore, exaggerated; nevertheless the need of colored people to co-operate in the "Save One Hundred Thou sand Babies" movement is imperative. "K. C. B." in the New York American, replies to the general manager of the Pullman Company, who defends the tipping system for porters: My dear Mr. Hungerford. I read it. On a railroad train. A week or two ago, And afterward. I sat with the porter. For an hour. And talked with him. And he has a home. And a wife. And four children. And two of his boys. Are in France. And on his coat. He wears a button. With two stars. And every week. He makes a payment. On His Liberty Bonds. And I don't know. But I have an idea. That in one of the windows. Of his home. There's a Red Cross card. And I was going to ask him. About tipping. But I didn't do it. And the next day. When I left the train. I felt impelled. To take his hand. And wish him luck. And express the hope. That all would go well. With his two soldier boys. But Mr. Hungerford. Instead of that. I gave him alms. And I want you to know. What I gave. For the reason I gave. Is because I know. That if I don't give. And others don't give. That he can't live. And those boys in France. Would never have been. And if it should be. That the time will come. When man's welfare. Will take the place. Of the dividend. It's more than likely. You'll come to see. Just what I mean. And until then. We'll give our alms. So that dividend checks. May be fat and full. And the porter man. May continue to live. I thank you. Three colored authors are having their works issued by the Cornhill Company, Boston. We have reviewed Mr. Johnson's "Fifty Years and Other Poems," and are glad to note that it is receiving widespread attention elsewhere; Maud Cuney Hare's "The Message of the Trees" is still in the press; Georgia Douglas Johnson's "The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems" has just appeared in a tasteful and well printed volume, 62 plus XII pages. We can best review it by quoting a bit of Mr. Braithwaite's sympathetic introduction: Here, then, is lifted the veil, in these poignant songs and lyrics. To look upon what is revealed is to give one a sense of infinite sympathy; to make one kneel in spirit to the marvelous patience, th£ wonderful endurance, the persistent faith, which are hidden in this nature. The heart of a woman falls back with the night, And enters some alien cage in its plight, And tries to forget it has dreamed of the stars 128 RANKING SCHOLARS COLORED INSTITUTIONS MISS F. A. OWEN MISS M. B. WEST MISS A. S. BLACKER MISS C. V. ROSS Roger Williams J. W. MEGGINSON MISSBenedict  M. ELSTON Spelman MISS A CLEMENT L.Clark, .  P. MILLER Va. Seminary J. H. DUCKETT A. &amp; M.. S. C. E. E. HAL L Philander Smith M. E. DuBISSETTE Shaw L. R. LAUTIER Walden D. J . WOOD Miles J. L. LAMPKI: T A. &amp; T., N. C. E . j. MCMILLAN . A; CZ M , , • W. T. BEL L Payne Morris Brown Georgia Ctatu Morgan 129 While it breaks, breaks, breaks on the sheltering bars, sings the poet. And The songs of the singer Are tones that repeat The cry of the heart Till it ceases to beat. This verse just quoted is from "The Dreams of the Dreamer," and with the previous quotation tells us that this woman's heart is keyed in the plaintive, knows the sorrowful agents of life and experience which knock and enter at the door of dreams. But women have made the saddest songs of the world, Sappho no less than Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Ruth, the Moabite poetess, gleaning in the field of Boaz, no less than Amy Levy, the Jewess who broke her heart against the London pavements; and no less does sadness echo its tender and appealing sigh in these songs and lyrics of Georgia Douglas Johnson. TH E CRISIS, these days, comes in for much comment. John D. Barry writes in the San Francisco, Cal., Bulletin: Do you ever read TH E CRISIS? If you don't you miss something. It is one of the most interesting magazines in the world. It gives news and it discusses subjects seldom or never mentioned in most publications. . . . The number I have been reading, dated March, places at the head of the editorial department this significant quotation from Moorfield Storey: "No man who looks down on his fellow man is fit to govern him." The statement is obviously true. It applies to a good many people who consider themselves democrats. Those editorials, by the way, are written with great vigor, evidently by the editor. He does not hesitate to say plainly what he thinks. No one can accuse him of lacking spirit. The New York Evening Post has this bit about Dumas: There are still alive many men who knew Dumas pere. R. S. Garnett's translation of one of Dumas's romances, the long one concerning Naples which he published in 1864 under the title of "La San Felice," has recalled to some Englishman the fact that he saw Dumas in the year the work was being published in La Presse. He was traveling from Naples to Marseilles, and he saw a strange group: I remember going on deck and hearing bursts of laughter from a group of travelers partly sitting, partly standing, partly sprawling. In the centre was a kind of Colossus—a man clad in an ample suit of white canvas, bareheaded, and with an air of jovial expansiveness which not only illuminated his broad, smiling, bronzed face, but imparted itself, as it seemed to me, to all his companions. Their very attitudes suggested perfect enjoyment of what he was relating. Again and again came peals of laughter. I stopped a Neapolitan steward who was CRISIS passing. "Who is that?" I asked. "Allesandro Doumas," he proudly said. "Dumas? The author of 'Monte Cristo'?" "And of 'La San Felice.'" And he showed me the title in large letters in a newspaper he held in his hand. Then, going up to the Colossus, he handed him the paper, bowing low. Dumas glanced at it, and his expression changed. He began reading from it aloud. In a few minutes I saw more than one 0.1 his listeners brush the tears from their eyes. Presently Dumas threw down the paper, and in passing he almost cannoned against me. Dr. George E. Haynes, of the United States Department of Labor, has published some interesting articles on Negro migration in The Survey. They are strikingly illustrated. APPLAUSE. WEL L merited and generous applause has greeted the brave deeds of colored soldiers recently reported from France. The Boston, Mass., Post says: "No color line there." In the service of democracy there is no such distinction. General Pershing's late report places on the roll of honor the names of two soldiers of one of our colored regiments, Privates Johnson and Roberts, who while on sentry duty were attacked by a German raiding party of 20 men. They made it a hand-to-hand fight, with rifle, bayonet and knife, and won out of it although not unscathed. . . . This is the true American ideal of service. No matter what the color of the skin, we all recognize it. The Chronich Telegram, Pittsburgh, Pa., says: "The colored troops fought nobly." That was more than half a century ago. They "fought nobly" on the plains, in the islands of the Pacific and the Atlantic, wherever they have been called upon to fight. . . . And now in France they are living up to the reputation they have won on other, far distant fields. We have been told of the particularly valorous acts of two of them, Henry Johnson of Albany and Needham Roberts of Trenton, N. J. They have been enrolled among the heroes of the world and have been cited for the Croix de Guerre before the French army. Of them the French general, a soldier not accustomed to heroic and skilful military deeds, wrote to his superior: "The American report is too modest. As a result of oral information furnished to me it appears that the blacks were extremely brave, and this little combat does honor to the Americans." The Buffalo Evening Netvs says: The Negroes of America have right and reason to feel proud of the achievements of Private Henry Johnson and Private Need-ham Roberts, "over there." . . Following this tomes the Northcliffe international prize of $125 to Charles Knight, a Negro, for the riveting record on shipbuilding. Each in his own way contributes to the cause of democracy. Each performed his particular task better than his fellows. Each acquitted himself as best sustains the traditions of America. The foundation of patriotism, builded by their fathers at Fort Pillow, Cold Harbor and Petersburg, underlies a structure of achievement that constantly grows more imposing. The Negroes of America have kept the faith and bared the strong arm in defense of the liberty they have themselves known but a short half century. The Brooklyn, rj. Y., Times says: The performances on the fire-swept slope of San Juan, when the Twenty-fourth Infantry, steady and strong, helped the Regulars to save the day and win the all-important crest, gave it a new meaning. When, in Mexico more recently, a handful of Negro cavalry died under our flag in an ambush fight, we recognized again the fine soldierly qualities in trained Americans of the dark skin. Col. Hayward, when he organized the old Fifteenth Regiment of the Guard, understood what he was doing. "I am very proud of them," he says now, with reason for his pride, "for they are clean, brave men, fearing nothing." The Boston Evening Transcript says: This regiment, now the 315th, was the first entire regiment of New York troops to take its place in holding a portion of the front line of trenches in France. It has acquitted itself no less bravely than has the "old 69th New York" in the Rainbow Division, or the "old Massachusetts Ninth" in the Yankee Division, or the "Dandy Fifth" and the "Old Lancers" and "Roxbury Horse Guards" of the same organization, or the "Sarsfield Guards" and the "German Blues" who were embodied in the 102d Regiment, composed of Connecticut men, some of whom were Yale collegians but more of whom were sturdy foundrymen from the Bridgeport factories. The diverse make-up, racially, of the American organizations which have so far distinguished themselves on the fightingfront disappears utterly in one firm blend of heroic American citizenship. Let us borrow the words of Parson Stoughton in 1666, and say that God has sifted many more than three kingdoms to find the wheat for this glorious planting of liberty. Even the New York Times, which was so bitterly opposed to a black regiment in New York State, has this comment: If any regiment in Cuba, white or black, made a better record than the Twenty-fourth, for bravery, for humanity, for discipline and duty, will some one speak up? But it is an old story the gallantry and stanchness of our Negro soldiers when the country calls in the hour of her need. New York may well be proud of the 369th Infantry, which was the old 15th. The New York Tribune says: There could not be more loyal Americans or better two-fisted fighters than our Negro soldiers. We are proud as proud of them, and we salute them all in the persons of Privates Johnson and Roberts, cited for the Croix de Guerre before the army of France. The New York Evening World adds: Courage and self-sacrifice of the highest order were shown by these two American Negroes. Every colored man and woman in the United States can be proud of what two colored fighters have done in the service of the country which has given them much but which still owes their race surer guarantees of justice. There is just one way the American people as a whole could recognize the valor of Privates Johnson and Roberts, colored, in a manner worthy of the nation: To resolve that so long as Negro fightersface the enemy and thereafter so long as the Republic they have helped to defend endures, throughout the length and breadth of the United States, law, public condemnation and swift punishment for the guilty shall combine to make the lynching of a Negro an abhorred and obsolete crime. It is perhaps natural that after this a letter in the New York Evening Post should demand an additional chance for Negroes to serve the country. SIR: As there is so great a dearth of nurses that the Red Cross has to institute a drive to increase the number of them, can you explain why that organization has persistently refused to accept the services of a qualified group numbering 3,000 registered nurses? These are young colored graduates of Lincoln Hospital, who are eager for oversea service. If we have colored troops among our forces, why not have colored nurses back of the firing line? SOUTHERN PRAISE. The leaven of the War for Democracy is spreading in the South. The Chattanooga, Tenn., Times writes: The Negro citizen is making golden opinions for himself among all classes of people because of his unqualified exhibition of genuine patriotism and devotion to the country in the time of its emergency. Everywhere he is responding promptly and with enthusiasm to the call for enlistment in the various branches of the military service, and he is making good in nearly every training camp he has entered. The women are taking his place in the workshops and fields wherever his going has left a serious vacancy. Negroes are buying bonds and thrift stamps according to their abilities and in various ways they are showing their willingness to do their part. This refers, of course, to that part of the race which constitutes the overwhelming majority, who are capable, industrious and physically fit. It will be everlastingly to the credit of the Negroes of the South that they never once permitted themselves to be led off by the most insidious propaganda German sympathizers and agents have attempted in this country. Instead of listening to the seductive appeals of these intriguers arid conspirators, the Negro by reporting to the authorities, made that sort of thing so dangerous that it was not continued long, but was abandoned early. The Savannah (Ga.) Morning News reports that "from every section of the state come reports that Negroes are meeting the demands of war with a spirit and devotion that prove them worthy American citizens This is no more than Georgia expects of her Negro population. Just as with the white citizens, the Negroes have their work cut out for them and they have gone about it in a business-like and patriotic manner." The same may be said of the Negroes of this state. Let us demand, then, that the spirit of intolerance and race hatred that shows itself in lynchings and the burning of Negroes shall be'stopped, the Negro himself having earned such consideration, whatever may be said of our obligations to law and humanity. The State Journal of Raleigh, N. C, writes: Troop trains that weekly go through Raleigh carrying help to our allies, have been accustomed along the route to drop the heroic boys down in the cities where the populace could briefly see them and cheer them as they leave their country. Nobody, save the soldier, can tell how much this means to the men who bear arms for us in another world. They stop and gather loving symbols from a people aroused to highest enthusiasm, and parading the streets the boys in uniform make those of us who imagine a sacrifice, feel a lasting shame while sitting back enumerating items of expense and counting the cost in comforts. But there is one black hero who goes through every time two whites do arid we hear nothing of him. That is the chocolate soldier who sits wedged into a stuffy day coach and waits until snail-like trains back him from the station to put out on the main line. Nearly all of these black boys have been drafted and put into uniform to fight across a trackless waste of water for an abstraction which is well-nigh stranger to them at home. A few colored friends may know of their coming and there is a short good-bye at the stations. But the great heart of a municipality is lost to them and they must go to war without any of the cheers that so freely and lovingly are given to the white men with whom they eventually will fight. CRISIS It isn't right and it should be ended this day. The colored troops should be allowed to get off the cars, march through the city and receive the plaudits of all the people for whom they fight. If there be white people who feel as the fool Beard of Abbeville felt before he got into the Federal penitentiary for his feeling; if there be whites who withhold their own enthusiasm lest it spoil a "damnigger," then let the colored soldier have the public streets for a moment while his own cheer him as he puts out to war. There are black people who have souls and sentiment and whose hearts thrill and ache for their own. Let these black people see their boys and give them mementoes of the land to which thousands of them will not return. . . . The white people owe it to themselves to give all the comfort and cheer that they can. No race can be happy long surrounded by those whose happiness has been destroyed either by indifference or by wilfulness. Much has been written of the "problem of the Negro soldier." We are always making a "problem" out of a simple justice to the colored man who has risen in earnest striving by the might of his merits. The "problem" now before the Negro soldier is helping us to kill Huns. Let us make the job easier for him by giving him a little heart for his work. The World News, of Roanoke, Va., says: The same newspapers that bring news of this fine heroism that wins honor for our whole country tell of the lynching in Georgia of three members of this same race, one of them a woman, suspected of murder. Of course there was no excuse for this, as the courts are in full power and operation in Georgia. Equally, of course, nobody will be punished. We predict that one of the results of the war will be that the Negro troops will acquit themselves so well that the United States Congress will interfere in this lynching business, of which Negroes usually are the victims. Evidently in this regard there is no use clinging to the doctrine of States' rights and trusting weak and cowardly local authorities and sympathetic juries to punish mob murders. We have been trying it now fifty years and after hundreds of such murders there is hardly a record of a conviction. The States have failed to maintain within their own borders decent respect for the lives of citizens and residents of the United States. The war will hasten the time when members of murdering mobs will face the Federal Courts and serious punishment, even if an amendment to the Constitution is required to bring that result. The country is sick and tired of having to bear as a whole the shame of the lawlessness of bloodthirsty rowdies and the miserable truckling to it of small and cheap county and town politicians who value their little jobs more than the honor of their States and country and their allegiance to their own oaths of office and duties. The Horizon EDUCATION. THE new Baldwin County Industrial School for Negroes at Daphne, Ala., has been formally dedicated. The principal address was delivgred by Dr. R. R. Moton. C The Rev. Dr. James Stanley Durkee, of Brockton, Mass., white pastor of a Congregational Church, has been offered the presidency of Howard University. C Biddle University has seventy-five stars in its Service Flag. C Messrs. O. M. Francis, A. R. Newsam, F. T. Reid, and H. E. Skeete have successfully passed the medical examination at McGill University, Montreal, Can., which entitles them to the degree M. D. C Prof. R. S. Grassley, formerly principal of Wechsler High School, Meridian, has been appointed assistant supervisor of Negro rural schools in Mississsippi by the State Department of Education. He is a graduate of Alcorn A. &amp; M. School. C At Clark University, Worcester, Mass., Kelly Miller, Jr., has been appointed Senior Fellow in Physics for 1918-19, and Francis C. Sumner, Senior Fellow in Psychology for the same year. These fellowships are worth $300 each. C Last year 328 Negro school houses were built in the South at a cost of $392,000. Of this the Negroes contributed $161,419, Southern whites from public funds $125,781, and the Rosenwald Fund $96,841. C During the past year there were 230 cases prosecuted in the courts of Detroit to compel parents to send children to school. There was not one colored case. C Gladstone Shirley, a college student of the College of the City of New York, won first prize in Spanish in a city-wide contest held by the American Association of Teachers in Spanish. He had studied Spanish only two years. G The Board of Supervisors of Sunflower County, Miss., has given eighty acres of land to the Delta Industrial Institute at Doddsville, and also contributed nearly all of the $4,000 raised for building. W. F. Reden, a graduate of the State University of Iowa, is principal. C The Strange Industrial School, with property valued at $4,000, has been burned by incendiaries near Baton Rouge, La. It has been supported in part by Federal appropriations. Q Pupiiu ul the State Normal School at Montgomery, Ala., have raised $450 and invested it in Thrift Stamps for erecting eventually a Patterson Memorial Building in honor of the late W. B. Patterson. C Aileen G. Reese graduated at the Technical High School, Providence, at the age of seventeen. She was on the editorial staff of the school paper. (I Livingstone College enrolled 504 students last year representing twenty-five states and four foreign lands. A beautiful mausoleum in honor of J. C. Price, founder and first president of the college, was dedicated at commencement. C Dr. F. J. Peck has been elected president of Western University at Quindaro, Kan., to succeed the late Dr. H. P. Kealing. C Eighteen thousand colored school children in Philadelphia raised $275,000 for the Third Liberty Loan. (I Roland Harrison, Jr., a colored graduate of the Scranton, Pa., Central High School, has been awarded a scholarship for college work. C Virginia Union University defeated Wilberforce University in their annual joint debate. C The General Education Board announces that during the last fiscal year out of total appropriations of over $3,000,000 it has spent $343,035 on the education of Negroes. d Sadie Tanner Mossell, niece of Dr. N. F. Mossell and granddaughter of Bishop Benjamin Tanner, has completed her college course in three years at the University of Pennsylvania and has been awarded one of the four university scholarships in history. Q The fiftieth anniversary of the founding of Hampton Institute will be celebrated October 21 at Hampton, Va. President Wilson may be present. C Theodore T. Nichols, of British Guiana, a graduate of Lincoln University and of the Medico Chirugical College of Philadelphia, has been given the degrees of M.D.C.M. and L.M.S., with distinction in medicine and surgery by the Dalhousie University, Nova Scotia. (I Fisk University, by defeating Howard and Atlanta in the Twelfth Intercollegiate Debate, became champions of the Debating Triangle for 1918. The subject debated was: "Resolved, That universal compulsory military training should be adopted as a 133 THE CRISIS permanent policy by the United States." (fi The superintendent of education for the state of Louisiana says that the Negro school fund of the state was more than half a million dollars, while there was only $300,000 spent for Negroes, proving that school boards throughout the state used for white schools over $200,000 which belonged to Negroes. Many local superintendents have reported that parish boards are not giving to the Negro schools as much money as Negro taxpayers were paying into the parish for Negro school purposes. THE WAR. FIFT Y Negro soldiers at Camp Sevier, Greenville, S. C, have been assigned to general police work with the sanitary trains of the division. C Negro troops, supported by allied tanks, which did great execution, delivered a brilliant counter attack on the western front and recaptured the crest running southwest of Marqueglise, beween Perte Farm and Loges Farm. C Negro women in Little Rock, Ark., in an eight-day campaign, raised $2,400 for emergency war relief work among Negro girls of the city. C. Schools for the training- of Negro officers were opened May 15 at Camps Meade, Md., for artillery, and Fort Dodge, Iowa, for infantry. C Out of twelve men recommended from Dartmouth College for the Fourth Officers' Training Camp, ranked in order of meritorious record, Lester B. Granger, a colored senior, was third on the list. C The Red Cross parade in New York City was led by the colored 350th Field Artillery Band from Camp Dix, N. J., under the leadership of J. Tim Brymn. C The A. and T. College at Greensboro, N . C , has a Service Flag with 61 stars, representing 1 captain, 4 lieutenants, and 56 students. d Twenty-two former sergeants of the Tenth United States Cavalry are attending the aviation school at Ft. Wayne, Mich. (I At Fernandina, Fla., a parade and celebration was held in honor of the Negro draftees. The colored people have a Red Cross auxiliary. d The heirs of J. B. Huffman, a colored soldier who was drafted from Bagdad, Ky., and died recently at Camp Taylor, are entitled to $10,000 from the United States Government as soon as they can be found. O Colored people of Portland, Oregon, are estimated to have bought $25,000 worth oi Liberty Bonds. C. At Scranton, Pa., it is reported that the colored auxiliary of the Red Cross has raiseu over $3,000. G L. A. Hayden, a colored man, has been made a Second Lieutenant in the Aviation Corps of the British Army, where his stabilizer is being used. C C. H. Douglass, colored proprietor of a theatre in Macon, Ga., purchased $12,000 worth of Liberty Bonds. His wife took subscriptions for $8,000 worth. (I The Berean Building and Loan Association, of which the Rev. Matthew Anderson is president, bought $5,000 worth of Liberty Bonds. C Private R. Gilbert, a colored man in the Canadian Army, has sent home a German iron cross which was given him by a German officer when he captured him single handed. Q Colored people of Kansas City, Mo., subscribed over $200,000 to the third Liberty Loan. Q Sixteen colored officers have received commissions from the training school at Camp Meade, Md. C A "Service of Intercession for the Blessing of God from the United States and their Allies and especially for His Protection and Guidance to the American Negro" was held at All Saints Episcopal Church, St.- Louis, by the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. (I Twelve colored men from Camp Lee have gone to the officers' training camp at Camp Dodge, Iowa. C The manager of Wareham Theatre, who discriminated against a colored non-commissioned officer at Manhattan, Kan., was prosecuted at General Ballou's request and fined ten dollars and costs. (I M. Blaize Diagne, a full blooded Negro who represents the Senegal in the French Chamber, has visited West Africa as Chief of French Commission. His suite consisted of several white officials of the French gov ernment and a black French military officer. On his departure from Gambia an address was delivered to him in part as follows: Sir:—We, representing the natives and residents of the Colony of the Gambia of Negro blood, take this opportunity of your visit to our shores, of publicly tending to vou our healtfelt congratulations on the high honor conferred on you by the French Republic, as Deputy of the Colony THE HORIZON of Senegal and Chief of a Commission to French West Africa, an honor which, we fully believe, you have very well earned. One of the blessings which we believe will come to the world through this Great War will be a just estimate and due recognition of the worth and merit of all, irrespective of race or colour. That you, a Negro of the Wolof tribe, should lead the van in this respect, is to us a matter for great thankfulness to God, and affords us much impetus in our efforts to do our best in whatever sphere we may be, fully believing that as the day has come for such recognition from the French Republic, it will also come from the British Empire, to which we are glad and proud to belong. C The United States Government is sending three thousand or more Negro soldiers for special technical training in electricity, telegraphy and various mechanical arts to a number of colored institutions, including Howard, Hampton, Tuskegee, Florida A. &amp; M . College and Atlanta. C At Charleston, W. Va., five hundred colored people paraded recently at the inauguration of the Red Cross Campaign. One of the banners said: "The World Safe for Democracy. This Country Safe For Us." C The Third Liberty Loan committee of Jacksonville, Fla. (white) presented to the colored people of Jacksonville an honor flag for having gone over the top in the Liberty Loan drive. In the three Liberty Loan drives the colored people have subscribed more than two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. The exercises were held at the armory, and, although that is a public building, this is the first time that colored people have been allowed to enter it. James W. Johnson of the N. A. A. C. P. was one of the speakers. C A parade was held on Flag Day, June 14, by the colored citizens of Wilmington, Del Al l industries and organizations were represented, including schools and churches. The N. A. A. C. P. helped to finance the movement. C A special committee of colored speakers to assist the Committee on Public Information of the U . S. War Department, has been appointed through Emmett J. Scott. C The colored Branch of the American Red Cross at Charleston, S. C , has raised nearly a thousand dollars and forwarded some six hundred articles to the Atlanta headquarters. It has over four hundred members and recently held a silent parade in costume. C The Petit Pariseen says: "For six days four battalions of African Zouaves held back five German divisions, one of which was from the Imperial Guard." d Solomon Saunders, a colored horse dealer of Minneapolis, Minn., has sold his stables and given the proceeds to the Red Cross. C Liberty Bonds have been purchased by colored people as follows: In Richmond, Va., $37,550; at Tuskegee, Ala., by one graduate, $20,000; at Augusta, Ga., $40,000; at one industrial plant near Baltimore, $30,000; at Philadelphia, through Brown and Stevens, bankers, $400,000; at Jacksonville, Fla., $51,850; at Atchison, Kan., $8,000; at. Madison, Ky., ons colored farmer, $4,000; at Baltimore, Md., one colored boy, $300; at Albany, Ga., $11,000; at Washington, D. C , $100,000; at Little Rock, Ark., $32,000 of the third loan, making $112,000 for the three loans by one organization, the Mosaic Templars; at Dallas County, Tex., $50,000; at Millettsville, S. C , one colored farmer, $1,000; at Memphis, Tenn., by the two colored banks, $30,700. MUSIC AND ART MISS M. GIBSON, Radcliffe, '18, has won in two more song competitions, one for this year's Baccalaureate Hymn, and the other for the college song. G Novello &amp; Company, London, have announced two new publications from Coleridge-Taylor's "Hiawatha," "The Death of Minnehaha," for pianoforte solo, arranged by John Pointer, and "Onaway, Awake Beloved," for military band, arranged by Percy E. Fletcher. G Mr. Ernest H. Hays, a talented musician who graduated in the 1916 New England Conservatory Organ Class, is saxophonist in the band of the 351st Field Artillery at Camp Meade, Md. The band was hea.rd at Dunbar High School on May 18, under the direction of Mr. Dorsey Rhodes, formerly of the Tenth Cavalry. G An important departure in the music field was that of a Music Festival given on May 3 and 4 at Washington, D. C , by the Department of Music of the Dunbar High School. It is proposed to make the Festival Concerts an annual feature. C A rhythmic ballet was staged and costumed by Carribel Cole and her fifty pupils at the Howard Theatre, Washington, D. C. C Among the successful musicales given for the benefit of the colored soldiers was that, of May 12 at Framingham, Mass., at Plymouth Congregational Church. The recital was arranged by Mrs. Meta Warrick-Fuller. 136 THE G At the recent Hampton Spring Concert a chorus of five hundred voices sang Mendelssohn's "Elijah" and Cowan's "Rose Maiden." Mr. R. Nathaniel Dett, the director, has just had two new choruses published by J. Fisher &amp; Brother. C At Talladega, Ala., a large audience was present at the Opera House to listen to the combined choir and chorus of Talladega College, Carl R. Diton, director, at a benefit concert for the Red Cross. C Miss Helen E. Hagan, of New Haven. Conn., proved her artistry in a piano recital given on May 16 at Jordan Hall, Boston, Mass. Her offerings included numbers by Beethoven, Debussy, Coleridge-Taylor, and Liszt. Miss Hagan was assisted by Miss Minnie M. Albritton, soprano student of the New England Conservatory, and Mr. R. P. Parham, accompanist. C Mr. Clyde Leroy Glass, pianist of Des Moines, Iowa, was presented at Ebenezer A. M. E. Church, Kansas City, Mo., with the Ladies Quartette from Western University and the Lincoln High School Orchestra, N . Clarke-Smith, director. G The Royal Choral Society, under the direction of Sir Frederick Bridges, lately gave a performance of Coleridge-Taylor's "Hiawatha" with Ben Davies, tenor; Agnes Nicholls, soprano, and Bertram Mills, baritone. The performance was given at Albert Hall, London, Eng. C The Mozart Society of Fisk University. Nashville, Tenn., gave Coleridge-Taylor's "Hiawatha" at their recent annual concert. Mr. William H. Richardson, of Boston, Mass.. was engaged for the baritone role. Mr. Work, tenor, was the director. C At the New Jersey Rally Day of the National Association of Organists, Mr. Harry T. Burleigh appeared as soloist with his own compositions. C The noted American violinist, Eddy Brown, has transcribed two Negro melodies. "Over There" and "Nobody Knows." G "Song of the Heart," dedicated to David Bispham, a new composition by J. Rosamond Johnson, has been published by Ricordi &amp; Company; also a book of organ transcriptions by Richard Keys Biggs, which contains H. T. Burleigh's "Deep River" and the sec ond number of his "Southland Sketches." SOCIAL PROGRESS. THE Gamma Chapter of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, originating at Howard University, Washington, D. C , has been CRISIS established and officially approved by the University of Pennsylvania. G The Spring Street Branch of the Y. M. C. A. in Columbus, Ohio, has successfully carried out its campaign for five hundred members, exceeding its goal by 145. C A Tag Day in Paterson, N . J., for the Colored Y. M . C. A. brought over $1,200 during the Liberty Loan campaign. G At Norristown, Pa., William Lampos, a restaurant keeper, was fined fifty dollars for refusing to serve colored people. G Robert Harris, a colored boy, was awarded one of the prizes in the Thrift Essay Contest conducted by the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. G A hospital costing $8,000 has been opened at Christiansburg Industrial Institute, Cambria, Va. C The old Tyson hotel, a brick structure at Seventh and P streets, has been purchased for the colored Y. W. C. A. of Washington, and is being equipped with all modern conveniences. G The new Carnegie Library for Colored People at Knoxville, Tenn., has been opened. The city furnished the site and Mr. Carnegie gave $10,000. C Governor Lowden has pardoned an innocent Negro, William D. Smith, for alleged kidnapping, after three years' imprisonment at the Joliet, 111., Penitentiary. C Negro Odd Fellows in Atlanta, Ga., have celebrated their seventy-fifth anniversary. G At Marion, Ind., two colored women who were refused service at a candy kitchen, had the proprietor arrested and were given verdicts of twenty-five dollars each by the jury. G A jury in Judge McCormick's Court, Pasadena, Cal., has aw-arded $50 damages each to Beatrice Benton and Edna Steward for alleged discrimination at the Crown Theatre. C The Virginia Branch of the National Board for Historic Service in charge of the white University of Virginia has been judging sixty-four essays in a state contest by public school teachers on the subject "Why the United States is at War." The first prize of seventy-five dollars for teachers in public elementary schools was awarded to Edward G. Wood, a colored freshman at Virginia Union University. C The colored people of Wetipquin, Md., have established a public community library with 150 volumes. THE HORIZON 137" C. The property of the Philadelphia Divinity School of the Episcopal Church at Fifteenth and Woodland avenues, Philadelphia, has been sold to colored people and will be occupied by the Mercy Hospital. Ten thousand dollars has been paid down and $120,000 is to be raised. C At Atlanta, Ga., five thousand people heard a Negro chorus in aid of the colored Y. M. C. A. Over $12,000 was raised. Mr. David T. Howard, a colored man, added another thousand dollars to his contribution, making a total of $3,300 in all. The Governor of the state and the Mayor of the city occupied boxes. C The libelous film play, "The Birth of a Nation," is being widely suppressed both North and South. C The white women of South Africa have responded to an appeal of the colored women and opened the Y. W. C. A. centers for them in Cape Town. Similar branches are contemplated in four other cities. C A t Richmond, Va., the United States Government has bought 793 acres of land owned by colored people to build an ammunition plant. C When the steamer City of Athens was sunk by collision with the French cruiser, Mrs. Florence P. Harrison, daughter of the president of Macon University, Macon, Ga., her two-year-old baby and two other persons were saved by the heroism of the Negro fireman, James Wallace, of Savannah. C It has been decided by the Kentucky Court of Appeals that the Corporation taxes of the state must be divided among the colored as well as the white schools. The present law directed that corporation taxes go exclusively to white schools. C_ Raymond Jenkins, a Baltimore colored boy, saved an eighteen months' old white child from drowning in the sewer. THE CHURCH. BIG Bethel A. M. E. Church in Atlanta, Ga., in a spring rally raised $5200. C St. Paul A. M. E. Church, Rome, Ga., at a recent Sunday night rally raised $1140. C The latest figures for church membership have been given out by the census bureau for the ten-year period ending December 31, 1916: The colored Baptists report 3,018,314 members, with 19,423 ministers; the African Methodists have 552,265 members, with 8,175 ministers; the Zion Methodists have 258,433 members with 3,962 ministers; the colored Methodists have 245,749 members, with 3,402 ministers. Other colored Methodist bodies have 16,875 members with 598 ministers. As compared with the last report of 1906 this shows an increase of 750,000 members for the colored Baptists and 75,000 members each for the African Methodists, the Zion Methodists and the C. M. E. Church. G At the general conference of the C. M E. Church the proposal to unite the three Negro Methodist church bodies was approved by a vote of 304 to 48. Bishop Greer confirmed 165 colored people at th 3 Cathedral of St. John the Divine. Ths candidates came from nine colored Episcopal churches in Greater New York. C St. Philip's A. M. E. Church, Savannah, has raised $4,045 in a rally. C The Methodist Church South gave last year $49,900 to colored schools. C The Church Extension Department of the A. M. E. Church under Dr. B. F. Watson reports total assets of $418,686 and a cash balance of $27,178. (I The Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York City raised $24,213 last year. The Rev. A . C. Powell is pastor. C Mt. Olivet Baptist Church, New York City, has celebrated its fortieth anniversary. Among other things it gave the play, "Mine Eyes Have Seen," by Alice Dunbar-Nelson, recently published in TH E CRISIS. INDUSTRY. CHARLES KNIGHT, a Negro riveter of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation at Sparrows Point, Md., drove 4,875 three-quarter rivets in a nine-hour day, breaking the previous highest record by 433. The Washington Times says: "Foreman Knight set an excellent ex ample of efficiency to every citizen of the country, whether he be black or white." Mr. Knight has been given the first international prize for riveting, $125, offered by Lord NorthclifT. At the Newport News, Va., yards there are 8,000 Negro shipbuilders. C In the recent increase of wages granted by W. G. McAdoo, Director-General of the railroads, it has been ordered that after June 1 no discrimination in wages shall be made between white and colored men doing the same work. At present Negro firemen, brakesmen and switchmen receive only from two-thirds to three-quarters of the wages paid white workmen, d Newton Smith, a colored planter in THE HAMPTON NORMAL AND AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE Hampton, Virginia OBJECT—Founded in 1868 by General Samuel C. Armstrong to train selected youth who should go out to teach and train their people. The Institute was designed to instruct Negro youth in morality, industry, and thrift, as well as in earnest and practical Christianity. HAMPTON TODAY—An industrial village with 900 boardin g students; 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; instruction farm of 835 acres; and 200 teachers and workers. Hampton stands for a "sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is on the State of Virginia list of approved four-year secondary schools. COURSES —Recently re The young men are under military dis vised four-year courses in cipline, and are formed into a battalion of Teache r Training; Home six companies with student officers. The Economics; Business; Agri military system results in an erect carriage, culture; and 13 Trades. prompt obedience, and respect for authority. PRINCIPAL— lames E. Gregg STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training and Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. Expenses reasonable. Term begins September 4, 1918. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Mention TH R CRISIS. 1888 1918 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty-First Session COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduate! receive State High School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES ENROLLMENT 1917-1918, 496 Athletic Training. Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Theological, College and Academy Courses A higher school of wide recognition for honest and thorough scholarships, lor its successful debating teams, for its high cultural, moral and religious influence, for its fine library, equipment and buildings, for the large number of leading preachers, teachers and social workers among its graduates. Its premedical courses have recently been greatly strengthened. It lays special emphasis on its literary, social service and theological training. For further information address The President. HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA A superior school for the separate, higher education of young women. Select Courses of study, Industrial, Music, Preparatory, Classical, Normal and College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thorough training. F.xpenses very moderate. Send for Catalog to the President. Hale Infirmary and Nurse Training School 828 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. Hale Infirmary School of Nursing oilers to intelligent young women between the age of eighteen and thirty-five a three years' course in the profession of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. For further information apply to the superintendent. Morgan College and Branches John O. Spencer. Ph.D., President. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: Central, in groat college town between the North end South, i OLICY: Co-educational, COURSES: Four yean with appropriate- degrees. Elea tivuh ii&gt; suit those preparing for professional study. Advanced courses In Education, Graduates receive certificates lor elementary ami high school teaching in 11 it- Stale. FACITLTY. Composed of college ami university trained men ami women. NEW BITE: Forty acres of most hoautlful Hct.-in.-ry, stream, hill ami forest. TEAMS: Vory luaaonable. DEAN: William Pickens, LiLD. MORGAN ACADEMY, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: In the suburb* of Baltimore on a beautiful campus, Healthful surroundings. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, agriculture, domestic science and art. Special preparation lor rural teaching. DORMITORIES: Well euuipi&gt;cd and supervised. TERMS: Very moderate. PRINCIPAL: Lee AX. McCoy, A, AL PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern Branch of the Afaryland State College of Agriculture.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern Shoro of Alaryland, Somerset County. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, industrial, domestic sci ence and art, music. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised; furnished. TERMS; Free tuition; other expenses moderate. SUMMER SCHOO L Prepares teachers specially for rural schools. Wednesday. June 2Gth to Thursday, August 1st. Courses professional and industrial. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25th. 1918. Dormitories open Sept. 21, 1918. WALDEN COLLEGE NASHVILLE TENN. A Classical and Industrial College of the First Rank. OUR AIM Christian Character, Loyal Citzenship, and an Education for Service. Well lighted and all buildings furnished with furnaces. Steam heat in the recitation building with 15 rooms. A Science Department, newly equipped, with two teachers. COURSES College, Teachers' Educational, Preparatory, Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Music, and a full Commercial Course. Day students in Music. Domestic Science. Art, and Commercial Courses accepted. ATTRACTIONS Library, reading room, good board, expenses low. Clean athletics and a strong faculty. Come to Jl'aldcn this fall, and bring a student with you. OPENING DAY, SEPTEMBER 26th For further information write the President. E. A. WHITE, NASHVILLE, TENN. THE FORT VALLEY HIGH AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FORT VALLEY, GA. A Christian institution for Negro youth of both sexes. Healthful location, beautiful campus and farm of 90 acres. Modern buildings and strong .faculty. Expenses moderate. The following courses are offered: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, Music, Business and Industries for boys and girls. Fall Term begins October 2, 1918. For further information write H. A. HUNT, Principal THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Over 600 Students 40 Teachers and Workers TALLADEGA COLLEGE Rev. F. A. SUMNER, President 	TALLADEGA, ALABAMA A School for Training Leaders Positive Christian Influence EQUIPPED FOR STANDARD WORK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS Twenty Buildings Four Laboratories Modern Hospital Electric Light Library of 16,000 Volumes Athletic Field Steam Heat Pipe Organ Good Board Hot and Cold Water Model Farm Expense Low Departments and Courses Scientific Bible Institute Domestic Science and Arts Classical Academy Nurse Training Educational Conservatory of Music Manual Training Theological Agriculture , Printing For Catalog and Information, address Social Service THE PRESIDENT'S OFFICE, Talladega College, Talladega, Alabama. The Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute Founded by Booker T. Washington An institution devoted to the training of young men and women. Courses in Agriculture, Teacher Training and forty trades. Exceptional opportunities for earnest students of limited means. Address: ROBERT R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama. The Alcorn A. &amp;M. College Alcorn, Mississippi State A. &amp; M . College for Negroes Departments: Academic, Agricultural and Mechanical: Strong Faculty, healthful location; terms reasonable. For catalog of information address, L. J. ROWAN, President, Alcorn, Mississippi. BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High .School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, Edgecombe County, N. C. {On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing. Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Year Teacher-Training Course Is Open To High School Graduates, Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 212. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm. l\29J/2 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N . C. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful	 location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten. Primary, Grammar. High, Normal, Vocational. Xurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Shreveport, La., holds the cotton crop record of the Red River Valley for the past Bell Phone Spruce 1924 W-Day .System Position season. His 286 bales are worth $50, 000. He owns 1000 acres of cotton land and leases another 1000 acres and employs seventy-five colored families on his plantation. He is rated at $200,000 by the bankers of the city. C The Central of Georgia Railway has employed eighteen colored women as section hands. G Negroes in Memphis, Tenn., have 2,548 city gardens in thirteen school districts. PERSONAL. I OHN A. SISCO of Paterson, N. J., ** and W. Arthur Robinson of Brooklyn, N . Y., were awarded Carnegie Hero Medals April 26, in Pittsburgh. C Bert A. Williams, the comedian, has paid his income tax, amounting to $3,200. C Mrs. Christine Hawkins died April 27 at Warrentown, N . C. She was the mother of fifteen children, nine of whom survive her. Six of her sons acted as her pallbearers, among them being Prof. John R. Hawkins, financial secretary of the A. M. E. Church. CRIME. THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Valdosta, Ga., May 17—Will Head, Will Thompson, Hayes Turner, Mary Turner, Sydney Johnson and Eugene Rice, hanged, for alleged complicity in the murder of Hampton Smith. C Erwin, Tenn., May 20, Thomas Devert, shot and burned for alleged murder of a white girl. G Red Level, Ala., May 22, John Womack, shot for alleged assault on a white woman. C Miami, Fla., May 22, Henry Jackson, hanged for throwing a white man under neath a train. C Cordele, Ga., May 23, James Cobb, hanged for alleged murder of Mrs. Roy Simmons. C Barnesville, Ga., May 25, John Calhoun, shot for alleged murder of John A. Willis. C Huntsville, Tex., June 4, Sarah Cabiness and her six children: George, Peter, Cute, Tenola, Thomas and Bessie, shot for the alleged threat by George Cabiness to A. P. W. Allen. C Beaumont, Tex., Kirby Goolsie, hanged for alleged attack on a white girl. Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Reserve Place in Class Before June 30th Send for Enrollment Blanks and jult information. Day and Evening Classes SPECIAL SUMMER COURSE THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students pass Civil Service Examinations easily— trained by ex-postal employees. School open lor Typewriting all summer. Fall term op-.ns O:tobcr I, 1918. Edward T. Duncan, President MUSIC! MUSIC! WASHINGTON, D. C. Columbia &lt; "onsei vatr,;y of Musi'', leaching: Piano, Voice Culture Violin, Pipe Organ, Harmony, Composition, Elocution, etc. Standard courses With diploma. Pupils from 0 States and 3 foreign countries. Correspondence courses in Harmony and Public School Mupic. Open the year round. "THE MUSIC MASTER," only colored musical journal monthly in the world. Send your musii- news. Get agency. $1 a year, 12 cents by mail. Subscribers in British Columbia and 11 Status. We've s'-arted small iiut'll end big. Join ua! ADAMS MUSIC HOUSE, "Things musical." Violins of finest make %~&gt; to $200, any instruments desired. All kind; iif sheet music of every class fr.oni 10c. up, Will ship by mail anywhere. Send stamp fur reply. &lt; 'Ustomers as far as Nicaragua, C, A., and St, Lucia, B. W. I. MUSI C A It K A NGK D and revised for publication satisfactorily. Address W. A. ADAMS 1911 Ninth Street, Noithwest MOTHER'S HELPER Young woman with a baby desires to make he home with a cultured Christian woman. Small remuneration or privilege to work out Cheerful disposition and friendly interest es sential (no responsibility). Suburbs of north or west preferred. Address M. F. C, in care of the CRISIS 70-5th Avenue, New York City. Saunders Chambers Furnished Rooms to let by the day or week. 98 Cranston St., Providence, R. I. Mrs. F. B. SAUNDERS, Proprietor Telephone 1116 Gaapee Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Approved BY ALL classes! Thirteen Thousand People have expressed over Six Million Dollars worth of Confidence in STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY by Carrying insurance to that amount with this Company. These people represent 167 different occupations and professions. They range from 15 to 55 years of age. They reside in forty different States, at the Nation's Capitol and in two Foreign Countries. The Company is playing an important part in the making of History and in the establishment of the Economic Emancipation of the Race. In the five years of its existence, the Company has paid death benefits totaling $72, 581.26. It has fully justified the confidence of its policyholders. W e want you as a policyholder of the most rapidly growing organization of its kind among Negroes. W e want high class Agents to represent us. They will earn more than in many other professions today. If you are worth from $1200 to $3000 a year write us. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office ATLANTA, GEORGIA Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH Full Protection Against the Full Death Claims Emergencies of life. Paid After Death, Regardless of Amount of Benefits Perpetual Paying Drawn During Benefits on Account Life. of Sickness and Accidents. Over $5,000,000 Insurance in force. Over $1,000,000 paid to policyholders. Over $300,060 assets owned by the Society. Over 1,000 people employed by the Society. Over one-half million dollars annual business. You are not finished without a Southern Aid Policy A. D. PRICE, THOS. M. CRUMP. B. L. JORDAN, President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS. THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: TotalTotal Income—1917 Disbursements—1917 $ 624,794.31  523,915.70 INCOM EAdmitted OVE R Assets DISBURSEMENT S $ 100,878.61  358,363.97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—Legal Reserve). . 270,801.51 Unassigned Funds (Surplus) 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE $11,157,472.00 $130,000.00 DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPARTMENTS For the Protection of the Policyholders Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention TH E CRISIS. WHY NEW YORK REAL ESTATE GROWS IN VALUE When it is realized that the permanent increase in population of New York in one year was 400,000 equaling the population of Cleveland, Ohio, some idea of the tremendous growth of the city is appreciated.—National Magazine. PUT YOUR DOLLARS IN IMPROVED NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE You have heard of the Payton Apartments, Nos. n 7-127-135 West 141st Street, and Nos. 130-140-148 West 142nd Street, New York City, the finest owned and controlled by colored people in the world, set aside for the tenantry of colored families. A proper idea of the magnitude of this proposition can be had only by taking into consideration that these houses cover a tract of over two and one-half acres, or thirty-three full city lots. These six large, modern, de luxe elevator apartment houses contain 306 apartments, 1466 rooms, and will house more than 1500 people. They were constructed at a cost of one and a half million dollars. The Payton Apartments Corporation, incorporated under the laws of the State of New York, with a capitalization of $250,000.00, was organized to take title to these valuable properties. The Directorate of the Corporation is made up of the following well known men: E . C. Brown, President, is a Banker and Real Estate Operator of Philadelphia, Pa. Andrew F. Stevens, Vice President, is a Banker and President of the Home Extension Insurance Association of Philadelphia. Emmett J. Scott, Secretary and Treasurer, is Secretary of Tuskegee, Alabama. He is also one of the Assistant Departmental' Heads at Washington. W. H . C. Brown, Director, is an Investment Banker, Washington, D. C. Heman E . Perry, Director, is President of the Standard Life Insurance Co., Atlanta, Ga. We have published a little booklet, illustrated, telling all about this remarkable proposition. It tells how for as small a sum as five dollars a month for a few months you can become a part owner in the largest real estate proposition in the world undertaken by Negroes. Send for Booklet today. Ft is free for the asking. E. C. BROWN COMPANY Investment Securities 427 S. BROAD STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Have You Read Atlanta University Studies of the "Morning Meditations Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately and Other Selections" Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE A TLANTA UNIVERSITY ti ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling fscts and crushing arguments. 'Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 811 West 139th Street •&gt;• New York N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK gay be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American Wir* combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net Address; E. A. JOHNSON IS4 Nassau Street NEW YORK STEWARD'S "HAITIAN REVOLUTION" —Praised by distinguished Haitians "No more interesting book has been written."—Army and Navy Register. The book that every young colored man should read Price $1.25 net Address T. G. Steward, Wilberforce, Ohio or the CRISIS, 70-5th Ave., New York City is said to be one of the finest card writers in America. He holds a Master's Degree in Penmanship I will write your name on one dozen of" my line calling cards for 25 cents. Mailed to any post office in United States or Canada. Stamps accepted. I also teacli all branches of penmanship successfully through the mail, including Engrossing, making and filling Diplomas, Resolutions, Testimonials, Memorials, etc. Address, A. D. NOLLEY, M. PEN, 519 Michigan Avenue, Buffalo, N. Y. Mention By Bishop R. A. Carter, A.M., D.D.? If you have not, send for a copy today. It is a book for thoughtful pastors. It is a store house of good things for aspiring young men and women. The book contains the choicest of the Bishops' sermons and addresses deliv ered to colleges, secret societies, General Con ferences, etc. The sermons to the Odd Fel lows and Knights of Pythias on their thanks giving occasions have been pronounced by competent critics masterly expositions of the principles of these orders. You will enjoy reading "Dreams and Dreamers," "The Uni versal Law for Stars and Souls," "The Three Downward Steps in The Ministry." More than 200 pages beautifully bound in cloth. Now in its second edition. Price $1.25 a copy. Agents wanted. Liberal terms to the right persons. Order from Bishop R. A. Carter 398 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GA. Agents Wantedtosell great epic poem Hon. Frederick Douglass Historical and Epigramatie. Absorbing in interest; Inspiring in effect; Epic in subject and repleti with incident. One Hundred and Eight Verses—Illustrated. De Luxe Edition $1.00. Write for terms. Enclose a 8c stamp. By Dr. M. A. Majors, 4714 State St., Chicago, HI. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 86 Chapters. Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.26. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. Mrs. M . Watson Rudd, 47 West 42d Street New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEE T POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks* rail road and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. TH E CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER $20 to $30 Per W e e k being made selling our new book 4'Progress and Achievements of the Colored Feol'le" by Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race; low prices, many pictures, lightning seller; Price, $1.95; ask for terms, write for outfit 25 cents. AUSTIN JENKINS 00., 623 Ninth Street Washington, D. 0. Prof. G. A. Goodman, Treas., Mississippi M . &amp; I. College. Writes: "I have sold 170 Progress of Colored People, sold 32 in one day, went out on a two day trip and sold 50." NEGRO SOLDIER IN OUR WAR (NEW BOOK) Tells all about the war; it is fair to Colored people; everyone buys; a tremendous seller. Price only $1.85; agents making $S to $15 per day. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 523 Ninth Street, Washington, D.C. Colored Ma n N o Slacker Picture in bright colors 16 by 20 inches or a big 14 by 11 inch picture of Kelly Miller mailed for twenty-five cents, or put in to each book buyer and agent for ten cents extra. GET IN WITH A LIVE COMPANY MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS Prof. Kelly Miller, Author, Howard University,Washington* O. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE DISGRACE OF DEMOCRACY An Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER " The ablest document the war has yet produced in the United States."—H. L. Menchen, Editor Smart Set. " With this document the Negro problem is no longer a vague futurity. The Negro question has arrived."— New York Globe. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. Price, 10 cents a copy Terms to agents, 5 cents a copy OVER 65,000 COPIES ALREADY DISTRIBUTED Address:—KELLY MILLER, Howard University, WASHINGTON. D. C. $60,000.00 is being raised by the Negro Books for Negro Soldiers Movement co-operating with the American Library Association, Library War Service, to pur chase race books for our Negro troops BUSTS OF and Mariners. Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts Negro soldiers and sailors desire books for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. on Negro subjects and written by Negro THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO authors, but their desire is not satisfied. 718 S. HICKORY ST, PINE BLUFF, ARK. Negro authors are entitled to have their works circulated pro rata with the works of white authors, but their rights are ignored. Al l fair-minded Americans, irFirst - class colored respective of race or creed, are urged to Wanted: mechanics. Must be join this movement, the object of which absolutely sober, earnest and reliable. Good is to correct these grave faults. Send wages, steady work. Carriage blacksmiths your name and. address to the Negro —Carriage and Auto Trimmers—Auto MeBooks for Negro Soldiers Movement, 6r chanics—Carriage Painters—Handy Men. Bible House, New York City, and in reC. E. PATTEESON &amp; SONS, Greenfield, 0. turn you will receive a beautifully illustrated booklet containing the propaganda of the movement in full. CAPABLE TEACHERS (all subjects) Experience and best testimonials. Write or telegraph STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY 1011 New York Avenue WASHINGTON, D. C. Mention TR F CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 14!) ROLAND VV. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera Ills voice is rich, pure, free and gracefully lyric, lends Itself easily to dramatic passages. Not only baa he a voice that many might envy, be also has the gift of inter pretation. He catches almost insUnctly the mood of the poet and composer.—Philip Hale, in Boston Herald. He combines a pleasing and well trained voice, particu larly well used, with notable ability to express the mean ing of MB songs, excellent enunciation and love for his art.—Boston Traveler. Address: 130 Boylston St., Boston. Mass. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morning.idc 126 W. 134th StTMt New York Ci t y FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has gireo her race." —Los Angeles Tima Engagements accepted for Concerts. Recitals. Oratorio 93 Locust Street, Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city m means the musical event of the season/' For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Harry A. Williams. Pupil of Delle Sedi» and Sbrlglla—Paris Denza and Tostl—London. VOICE CULTURE Coaching and Repertoire French and Italian Songs a Specialty. 174 West 141st St., New York City. Telephone Audubon 8009. WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON, Baritone Concerts Recitals Oratorio Mr. Itichardson is blessed by nature, his voice Is resonant, firm, commanding. He sings fluently and with marked authority.—Philip Hale. Mr . Richardson has a voice of power and richness. Hl« articulation was faultless, and his work proved him to he a gifted and finished artist.—International Informer, Detroit, Mich. 33 Humboldt St. Boston, Mass. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention Records of Negro Artists No institution and no agency has done as much to bring into popular knowledge the best in the world's store of music and song as the phonograph. Whether for recreation or for instruction, this remarkable device has made a place for itself in the homes of the world. Probably you have wanted to bring to your home and to your family and to your friends the voice of the individual Negro singer or the playing of the individual Negro performer who would take high rank among the invisible makers of music and singers of song whom the phonograph has brought to cheer your spare moments after the grind of the day's work is done. Roland W. Hayes, the acknowledged leading singer of the Negro race, is bringing out a series of such records of Negro Artists and the following numbers are now ready: "Swing Low Sweet Chariot" (arranged by Harry Burleigh). "Vesti la Guibba (Put on Your Smock)" from Pagliacci, with orchestral accompaniment. "Twilight," by Katherine A. Glen, with pianoforte accompaniment. "A Spirit Flower," by Campbell-Tipton, with pianoforte accompaniment. These records sell for $1.50 each and can he used on any machine using disc records. Address : ROLAND W. HAYES 130 Boylston Street Boston, Mass. TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Count ry. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Segro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pre*, N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati Ohio French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Special ' ourses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, T rimming, Fin Mme. BRIDGES' SCHOOL ishing, Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHdOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. Individual Instruction. Write for Catalog.	 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show vou how. Dr. BELL, 312 South Clark St., Suite 419-21 Chicago, 111. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. dermo college We teach only one person in a makes you town, she teaches the rest. Our an expert in hair graduated agents are making and beauty culture money. chicago DERMO COLLEGE CO. 19 East 43d St. Chicago. III. GOING TO 	For Cooks THE BIG FOUR BON TON BOOKS THE PRESS 	and Waiters THE SOUTHERN CHEF—$2.00. All Southern. Creole, today. SERVICE EFFICIENCY ENCOURAGES PATOriental and Indian Dishes, RONAGE . The Bon Ton Waiter adds a touch of refinement to your dining service which leaves a pleasing Im THE	 BROADWAY CHEF—SALAD BOOK—$2.00. All pression with every guest. THES E BOOK S are needed the new Salads, Dressings and Condiments. in every hotel where education, culture and refinement are appreciated and truly esteemed. TH E	 BON TONWAITER—$1.00—On sale now. Consen sus of service by the best American and European head- THE BON TON TAILOR—$5.00—Second Edition. For waiters. SERVIC E Is the big Idea in the hotel world Tailors, Dressmakers, Cleaners and Dyers. 20 years catered to New DALLAS GURLEY, 	436 Lenox Avenue, New York City York's "400." Stenographer and bookkeeper. Firs! class, competent, reliable. Four years' experience. Situation Wanted Female. Best references. Address: M. H. B. c/o The Crisis, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. Vegetable Stuimpoa AI splendid food and Ihor-' ough cleanser lor the scalp 1 and hair. Hu i healing effect^ on a sore scalp, in fad is " excellent for removing dandruff. , -^Z— ^ Teller Salve. One J of the best known cures for dandruff, tetter and eczema makes a friend once used it afflicted with this skin disease. Scientific Thorough, and Practical. PREPARATIONS for the HAIR more The culmination of the genius than if (hsfsof Mme C. J. Walker is her wonderful Hair Grower and in itself is a wonderful creation for dandruff and falling hair. In tact, it invigorates dry and lifeless hair, stimulates circulation, thereby causing a new growth. Mme C.J. Walker's Preparations are all now packed in SQUARE YELLOW BOXES with Mme. C. J . Walker's Seal and Signature on each outside package, which is YOUR GUARANTEE IpjLLMme. C. J. WALKER'S MM Inventions are reliable because they restore and beautify the hair without injury to the scalp and are used and endorsed by thousands of Hair Dressers, Scalp Specialists, throughout the country, known as the Walker Hair Dressers, having a diploma from the Lelia College of Hair Culture which signifies Mme. C. J. Walker's system. Far Mn &amp;r |j|HERE is nothing Iffy imaginary about the World-Wide Fame of Mme. C. J. Walker's Ultra-Quality Preparations. None genuine without Mme. C. J. Walker's seal and signature. W e have ' gone to a great deal of expense to put these preparations up in new yellow cardboard boxes, sealed with ,ne iMHBBBH Walker trade-mark as a guarantee that you are getting e Ltlia College and ' h  genuine Mme. C. J. Walker Walker Moir Parhr Preparations which are worth now. i36ikSi.,NtwY«rk more than they cost. i Orderi tad Informal ion Addrcti Mme. C. J. Walker M'fg Co., k % Main Office, 640 N. West Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Temple Croatr. Recommended , highly from tho*« who have used il for growing hair on the templet or bald •(•&lt;•-. Endorsed Kylhouundl of hair drrtleri throughout U.S.A. Closilne. Only to be used m dreeing the llair and it will make short harsh hair behave and stay In plate it used a* directed at the unit time imparts a beautiful glow to the hair Xoom 'WditingRoom I Mention TH E CRISIS. NATURAL HAIR WIGS Direct From Manufacturer My business is selling fine quality Human Hair Goods direct to the wearer by mail. Every wig is hand made by skilful workers using only the best of materials, and should not be confused with machine made goods which are frequently advertised at lower prices. This wig has two parts in front, is dressed in one handsome swirl all the way from front to the back as illustrated. This can also be dressed in cluster of puffs in ^ This wig has a continuous part from the center of back, if so desired. NO 2 Wig, PflCe $12 forehead to the nape of neck. Another part across the head from ear to ear, also two additional parts in the front on the right and left side commencing at the forehead meeting the part that crosses from EVERY WIG MADE TO YOUR ear to ear making three parts in front. OWN MEASUREMENT No. 15 Wig, Price $17.50 In addition to the two styles illustrated, I make many other styles of wigs; also a complete line of switches, transformations, etc. FREE—Illustrated catalog with instructions for ordering sent on request. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED — Al l goods as represented or money refunded. ALEX MARKS 704 Broadway New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. Will solve your pen troubles, us It will not leak nor blot like Hie ordinary fountain pen. STYLOGRAPHIC PEN Soldiers, sailors, ami Y. M. C. A. men (who ara making union saurifluoa lot the uplift of humanity) use the Stylographio pen because of Its endurance tind simplicity. $1.25 $1.25 The Stylograph it Pen holds sutnclent ink to write Hi.UUU words. Any one who uses a lead pencil can write with a Stylographie Pen. as it has no pen point to net out of commission. Mothers and sweethearts who have loved ones at the front will find it more profitable to send the buy a Stylographio Pen so his letters will be delivered promptly and not delayed because of Invisible writing with an ordinary lead pencil. Thousands of these pens are now being used In banks, schools ami other institutions as well as in the trenches. Act now. do not delay In sending in your order, as the scarcity of rubber and metal may cause another Increase In prlca of theso pens . All pens fully guaranteed to give absolute satisfaction. A. HOLLAND. P. 0. Box 3806. Sta. 0., Philadelphia, Pa. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class Peopfe 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago. Open June 20th. Closed September 10th. THE OCEAN HOUSE Sea Isle City, N. J . This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the ocean while dining, Every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July. Mrs. Lucy Lee, proprietor, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, L. I. Address after June 1st, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N . J. Bell telephone connection. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E, W, PALE, Owner STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Baoei Prepare in the but school of it. kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 136th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. A live agency famishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas. Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland. Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina,* Tennessee. Texas, Virginia and Wear Virginia THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Waihington, D. C. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of ihelr strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating. Ashing, hunting T Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency!1 Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things ? Do you believe In progress and do you want to t have a part la one of the most progressive move-/ menu of the time 7 Surely I /Then you will be interested in, and want to * own a lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewild, /Michigan, ir you act at once you can so-' * cure a beautiful lot for only 124.50 each • $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be &gt; transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract snowing clear title. &gt; Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg., So. Dearborn St. Chicago, 10. 4 Mention TH E CXISII. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BUY A LOT in the largest city in the world. Only $10.00 down and $5.00 monthly. Located just beyond New York City line with its population of 6,000,000. 5c fare to Broadway Subway 243d Street. Our lots are free and clear, no mortgage on them. High ground; public school nearby; good neighborhood ; near largest carpet mills in the world. Will furnish banking references. 22 years in business. Send for full particulars to G. EDWARDS, 7 W. 45th St., New York City WEST PHILADELPHIA BEAUTIFUL PORCH FRONT HOMES FOR SALE Respectahle families who are particular and desire to live in a nice locality; every modern convenience. Very low terms arranged. Inspection invited, J. ADAMS, JR., 5815 Market St., Philadelphia. Earn Big Money At home in a pleasant, spare time business of your own. We show you how to manufacture perfumery. Send stamp for free sachet powder formula. M, J. Bailey, 311 Walnut It., Beading, Fa. DUDLEY'S AUTO BODY POLISH A MONEY MAKER 10,000 agents wanted. Sample 50c. DUDLEY'S LEATHER &amp; CHEMICAL WORKS 116 S. Main St., MUSKOGEE, OKLA. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at al) seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Writ* for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. We GIVE it to YOU Take Ma fine Made-to-Quality Moasure Suit and don't* and Fit pay us one cent for It. Guaran-We want you to get one of our h igh-. teed class suits, absolutely Free, BOJOUM can show it to your friends. It will be a big advertisement for us. If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from i and besides that be the best- dressed manin your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. Write for this Big Olferat Once' Drop ua a line or send UB your name on a postal card and we will send yon absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of Barn- plea and fashion plates to choose from Write Now. Everything sent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. /Centra! 104-W Telephone,: (Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohle General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOK-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Buildiof Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis all no. TcL U37 Fort HOT Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AMP COONSELLOR-ATLAW J4 School Street Boston, Maas Telephone Connection W. Aahbic Hawkins George W. P. McMcchen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H . STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., "Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City AGENTS $60 WEEKLY ^InaonPoldinKBathTnb. Bi  seller. Costa e Dept. 981, CHICAGO ( noiisson CABIKH stfi CQ 4B52 Fact,*. lUa^T*4»,Vt&lt;s A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 TH E AMERICAN CAVALRYMAN. (Henry F . Downing).. 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 TH E LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T . WASHINGTON. (B. F . Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO (Leila Amos Pendleton). 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E . B . D U Bois) 1.25 TH E WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G . Brawley) 1.25 TH E NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Ep stein) .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THE ATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 1.50 HAL F A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) ... . 1.50 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon Johnson) 1.25 JOHN BROWN. (W . E . B . D u Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W . Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HAL L AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W . Crawford) 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G . Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W . Ellis) . 2.00 TH E NEGRO. (W. E . B . D U Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G . Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick-Say ers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E . Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T . WASHINGTON. (Emmett J . Scott and Ly man Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN —PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 10 minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., De Pt. K Room 419, 312 So. Clark Street Chicago, 111, Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By Reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific trea tise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have mi grated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere Send all orders to the author 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C.