The Freewoman , made THE FREEWOMAN A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 36. Vol. II. THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper CONTENTS Editor: Dora Marsden, B. A. Page The Poor and the Rich 181 Topics of the Week : An Exhausted Idea 183 The Strike 184 The New Socialism. By Charles J. Whitby, M.D. 185 "English Literature, 1880-1905." By Rebecca West 187 What is Love ? By Richard Carlile 189 Page On the Utility of Art. An Appeal to Modern Enthusiasm. By Muriel Ciolkowska 192 " The Freewoman " Discussion Circle. By b. Low 193 Correspondence : Interest 194 Ground-Rent 196 Child-Marriages 196 Divorce and the Marriage Contract 197 Page Mr. McKenna and Forcible Feeding 197 Ideas or No Ideas ? 197 " The Idea of God " 197 " What is Justice ? " 198 What ? Whither ? 198 " Spinsters and Art " 198 A Critic 198 Self-Abuse and Insanity 199 An Open Letter to VV. C. Anderson (Chairman of the I.L.P.). 199 THE POOR AND THE RICH. THE machinations of the Rich against the Poor are malicious, ubiquitous, unending. They conspire against them with a zest which could only be born of a lack of any sense of kinship. The Poor can no longer step outside their hovels in safety. The agents of the Rich are watching them, ready to pounce on them and hale them off to some "certified" detention-house. If their tongues loll, if their heads wag, if they are shaky at the knees, if they get drunk, if they have not the business capacity for getting something for nothing, or if any of their ancestors for a few generations back have been guilty of such-like misdemeanours, the agent of the Rich will seize them, and with little more ado, chain them up for life. And these villainies, which have long been hatching in the minds of the Rich, are to be placed under the aegis of the law. Law, of course, has one purpose, which is to make the Poor powerless in the hands of the Rich, and it is not therefore a matter for surprise that the damnably wicked Feeble-Minded Bill has passed its second reading in the House of Commons with only a handful of members in opposition. The law is definitely against the Poor; and it is now up to the Poor to smash the law. The retort of the Poor against the Rich Men's law is lynch-law. The Poor will be compelled to make their own law, avenge their own honour, and administer their own justice. When they do, it is to be hoped they will accord but short shriving to the authors of this Bill. Happily, they are known. In a report which was published a short time ago, these evil-doers in their own haunts met together and boasted of their evil deeds. The Eugenics Education Society is a danger to the community. Lost alike to a sense of justice, prudence, and shame, they boast, in their annual report, of being the authors of this rascally conspiracy against the poor. "The year 1911-12 is likely to stand out as one of the most important in the history of the Eugenics Education Society. Its record of work accomplished affords abundant proof of the value of the educational campaign carried on by the society during the last four years in creation of a sound eugenic public opinion. The fact that the first International Eugenics Congress should be held in London with what appears to be every promise of success is a striking testimony to the interest taken in this subject. The aims which it exists to further have already won acceptance in the sphere of practical politics. Indeed, one of the most gratifying features in connection with the Congress is the membership of official delegates representing Government departments. And the attitude of the press generally towards the recent Feeble-Minded Control Bill indicates that the people of the nation are not behind their legislators in being alive to the necessity of determined eugenic action. Apart from the Congress three items in the year's work call for particular mention: (I) On December 5th, 1911, a non-party meeting, arranged by Mr. Walter Rea, M.P., was held to consider the Feeble-Minded Control Bill, prepared by a Joint Committee of the National Association for the Care of the Feeble-Minded and this society. Later a letter was sent to all members of Parliament. Grateful mention also should be made of the energetic way in which members of this society canvassed their members, in order to obtain support for the Bill, with the happy result that Mr. Gresham Stewart drew eleventh place in the ballot for private members' Bills, and presented the Feeble-Minded Control Bill to the House of Commons. It was read a second time unanimously, on May 17th. Before that we had only the vague assurance that within the next four years the Government intended introducing legislation to deal with the feeble-minded. However, on the introduction of the Feeble-Minded Control Bill, the Government finding the opinion of the House, and of the country generally, so emphatically in favour of its principle decided to bring in a Government measure with the same objects. This Bill was read a first time on May 16th. Such a result is a matter of intense satisfaction to those responsible for the Feeble-Minded Control Bill." So runs the report. There is so suave a tone about it all that one is brought to the consideration that it is within the realm of possibility that the persons responsible for it may be quite sincere; possibly open to reason; that the conspiracy, as far as they are concerned, is an unconscious one. To such it may be possible to explain why this Bill is so appallingly offensive, and to them, therefore, we will try to make it clear: It will first be necessary to point out who the "Poor" are. They are the creators of wealth. The poor provide for themselves, and they provide for a parasitic class which is either unable or unwilling to provide for itself—the class of the Unfit and the Work-shys. This class is the Rich. It lives on plunder. It reaps what it has not sown; it filches its living from those persons who have produced it, the Poor. Although these toil late and early, ceaselessly, all their life long, although they produce the vast wealth of the world, the full-fed greed of the Parasites, whom even repletion cannot satiate, sucks up the wealth of the wealth-producer himself. The makers of all wealth are stripped of wealth till even bare living is made an impossibility. The children of the Poor, before they have even seen the light, have been starved into shapelessness. Starved in the womb, they are worse starved when they see the light. That the "Poor" shall not by ever so little divert back to their own use any jot of the wealth which they have created, and which the Rich have filched from them, a criminal code is erected to protect wealth. Wealth, once it has left the hands of those who made it, becomes sacred. Touch it, steal it, even though you are dying for lack of it, and all the venom of the Rich breaks out. Woe to you if you are a criminal. In the eyes of the Rich you are the Dreaded Thing. The Rich man loathes the Criminal as he would the finger of fate. Perhaps he does not know why; but the reason the Rich hate the Criminal is because the Criminal is Justice. What the Criminal says to the Rich is: "In what I am, see yourselves: Thieves both, though you in worse degree than I." The Criminal is the Rich Man's Nemesis. No wonder the Rich seek to exterminate him. No wonder they seek to root out the breed whose spirit reminds them of their own, and the instincts which have only to be let loose to jeopardise their unholy privilege. So with the "defective." He, too, is to be segregated, following the laws of the Rich. Defective because of the demands the rich wastrels and work-shys made upon the toil of his forbears. Robbed by these insatiable demands of the care and attention of his natural guardians, he is defective; robbed of nourishment, his defect becomes ingrained. No wonder the Rich want him segregated, in a place apart. He is not a pleasant reminder of their activities. "My handiwork," is the comment which the Rich man has to make when he sees the "defective," the dwarfed, twisted, thwarted pieces of humanity. "My handiwork ; put it out of sight." Wander in the East End, and the blight of the West End is there. Wander in the West, and all the beauty and wealth which the East has created is there. That is the real explanation of the hatred the Rich have for the Poor. That, too, is the real explanation of the lack of hatred in the feeling the Poor have for the Rich. They have only contempt. Time may develop contempt into hate. When it does, it will be a good day for both Rich and Poor. It should now be becoming more clear why the reasons which the Rich give for the wholesale imprisonment of the Poor are instrumental in turning contempt into hatred. They are told that the "defective" Poor must be imprisoned and deprived of generative powers because they are a burden upon the resources of the community. The answer of the Poor is that if they are to maintain all the Rich, able-bodied and defective alike, the unhappy maimed among the Poor can be thrown in with the lot. The cost of a few poor defectives is as nothing compared with the cost of the Rich. If the Rich able-bodied work-shys are to be maintained, the maintenance of the non-workers among the Poor will be but a flea-bite. The truth is the Poor are soul-sick of the impudences of the Rich. What is it to be imagined they feel when they hear talk of "free education" in elementary schools, when the fathers of these same "free" scholars find the wealth which keeps going not only these, but the entire educational fabric of the Rich: their Cambridge and Oxford, their Harrow, Eton, and the rest. Impudence! Impudence heaped on impudence. "Free" meals, too! Heaven knows, there would be few meals, " free " or otherwise, did not the fathers of the "free" mealers produce the whole menu. "Free" prisons, kept up by the Poor, to receive those entrapped by the criminal-code-net spread by arch-thieves. At least a criminal works, even in prison, and as a type he is higher than the drudge. "Free" hospitals, kept up by the Poor (the "Charity" which the Rich dispense is put into their hands by the Poor), to receive the human wreckage produced by the unending toil still further to increase wealth for the Fatted Rich. "Free" workhouses to house the workers when they are destitute of food and shelter. Charges upon the community, forsooth! The army of the workers must surely provide cover for the comrades who fall in the industrial war! This can be safely left to the workers. This is not the burden they feel. What they do feel is the burden of filling the ever-open Maw of the Unfit and Work-shys who compose the Money-holding class. If the Eugenics Society could manage to slip this parasitic burden of the Rich from off the shoulders of the Poor, they will find no call upon them to deal with the feebleminded of this toiling class. The Poor will know how to heal the hurts of their Own. They know how they have been produced—by starvation, misery, and neglect. They will know how they are to be cured. The time has arrived when the pseudo-scientific, charitably disposed Rich have to be taught they have reached the limit; that the Poor are fed up with their infernal impudence in "caring" for them; that they feel it is bad enough to have to toil and moil, sweat, struggle and starve, to be warped in body and starved in mind. But to put up with the mauling is one thing. It is quite another to tolerate the setting up of arrangements for the imprisonment of those unfit to present themselves as meet offerings for further sacrifice. There are unfit amongst the Poor, and the Poor know why, and because they know, the Rich will lay hands on them at their peril. Insults to the industrial wounded will make the instruments of revolt not only effective but deadly. Hence, if the Eugenics Society does not represent a sinister conspiracy, thus warned it will take stock of the situation, and, if we mistake not, will silently slip out of existence. It will at least understand that malicious intentions, such as we quote below, cannot be brooked by an indignant and outraged people. Their report says:— "As far back as 1909 a deputation from this society attended to give evidence before the Departmental inquiry upon the Inebriates Act! The evidence was directed to show the harmfulness of short sentences for inebriates, and to urging the introduction into the Inebriates Act of the inter-minate sentence, which would give magistrates discretionary power to deal with inebriates in the same way as with the mentally defective. The principle of the indeterminate sentence has recently been introduced into the Inebriates Act, a change, the vital importance of which must be apparent to every member of this society. . . . "The society was represented on an influential deputation which waited on the President of the Local Government Board on Monday, June 10th, to present a memorial urging that effect should be given, by detention or some form of compulsory treatment, to the recommendation of the Royal Commission on the Poor Law for the detention in Poor Law institutions of persons suffering from venereal diseases, when medically certified to be dangerous to others. . . ." A society which has such a marked bias for imprisonment, segregation, detention, and indeterminate sentences when directed against the Poor, is something like a red rag to a bull in an irritated rebelling community such as ours is now. There should be no confusion here on account of the forcible segregation put into practice against dangerous lunatics and sufferers from virulent infectious diseases, such as smallpox and fever. These people are rightly segregated, because they are an active danger to the community at large. Their liberty is abrogated because the free exercise of it would abrogate the liberty of the entire community. They are segregated, not because of their condition in itself, but because of its swift and active effects upon the entire society. The dangers of a smallpox patient are not potential, they are actual; they are not indirect, they are direct; they are not questionable, they are sure, violent, unmistakable, and unavoidable. Very otherwise are the dangers of the feeble-minded and all the persons dealt with under this nefarious Act. Feeble-mindedness is a national disease ; and venereal disease is as rife among the rich as among the poor. We will refrain from saying more so. We hope the Rich in general, and the Eugenists in particular, gather our meaning. We have endeavoured to make it unmistakable. We are not primarily fired against their silly pseudo-science and general charlatanry; what we resent is the impudence of the drones and parasites as embodied in legislation for the Poor. The Poor do not want their legislation. They only want the Rich to get off their shoulders and see to their own support. The Poor will then look to themselves, and to their marred, maimed, blighted children, too. Freedom is what they want, and to be rid of the Rich. As for the application of Present-day Science of Human Breeding—we personally think it immoral and a crime, fit only for the contempt of true scientists. But if the charlatans are having their day, as it appears they are, and wish to experiment on society, then we advise that they should proceed on the principle that they "Try it on the dog" which, in applied practice, would mean " Try it on the Rich." The Rich are socially useless, and an intolerable burden on the working community. Therefore, if harm befalls them, it will be, relatively speaking, a small loss ; but the chief advantage of trying it on the Rich will be that the experimentists are free from the very grave and serious suspicion that they are coercing unwilling but powerless persons to become parties to their questionable and immoral proceedings. The Rich are, of course, always able to protect themselves in a plutocratic community, and the social conscience will readily be persuaded that what is done to the Rich is done with their consent and co-operation. Then, though when reading such sentences as these in Eugenists* Reports, "The defects of relatives are only second in importance to the defects of the individuals themselves—indeed, in some cases they are of far greater importance. Hence it is to be hoped that in the more enlightened future a system will also be established for the examination of the family history of all those placed on the register as being unquestionably mentally abnormal, especially as regards the criminality, insanity, ill-health, and pauperism of their relatives, and not omitting to note cases of marked ability. If this were done, it can hardly be doubted that many strains would be discovered which no one could deny ought to be made to die out in the interest of the nation; and in this way the necessity for legislation, such as that proposed by the Royal Commission on the care and control of the feeble-minded, would be further emphasised. . . "Such being the case, should not the first steps toward eugenic reform be to decide whom it is that an all-wise Government would prohibit from figuring amongst the parents of the rising generations, whom it would encourage to marry, and what ought to be the powers placed in the hands of the administrators of our Government?" our intellectual attitude towards them would be unchanged, there would not be this passion of resentment which we now have when we know their wickednesses and puerilities are being levelled at the defenceless, over-driven, resourceless Poor. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. An Exhausted Idea. "THE wise husbandman plants trees of which he can never hope to see the fruit," we remember, but the husbandman can at least know the nature of the fruit. He knows his fig-tree will not grow thistles. His actions do not represent so many leaps into the unknown as do those of him who experiments with States. It is a difficult matter for a State to experiment with ideas. It takes longer for ideas to mature than for a man to mature, and the vision of the longest-headed citizen dims long before the fruit of the idea appears. The spirit in which the Fourth Reform Bill has been received forces some such reflections. Those who hailed the idea of Representative Government with such good heart would have been chilled could they have looked forward to to-day. The flatness of spirit with which men have greeted the new Reform Bill is the expression of the exhaustion of an idea which a century and a half ago was sufficiently alive to force a war. Failure to respect the representative idea cost England the United States, and came near to losing her Ireland. A century ago the representative idea had its Peterloo, and the First Reform Bill was passed to avoid civil war; the Second Reform Bill to quiet serious uprisings; a statesman still living threatened to march an army of twenty thousand men on London should the Third Reform Bill fail to pass; and now the Fourth Reform Bill is here, and no man is deceived in spirit sufficiently to note its advent. For men, it is the exhaustion of an idea; it is a ruse worked out. They have seen its full possibilities, and hope nothing from it. Already they neglect it, and are bending their attention, building their hopes upon a different growth. But the women are where men were a century ago. As they themselves were pointing out some days ago, their Peterloo is now. They repeat the actions, revive the old emblems, and fail to note that a hundred years of hopes and disillusions have passed since then. Women will reply that the idea is not completed; that it cannot be exhausted until it has been completely applied; that before it is pronounced a failure it must be manipulated by their hands. But they would merely be avoiding the issue, which is this: That no matter what power the electorate has, no matter how the electorate is composed, the pressure which the electorate exerts is directed at the wrong point. No matter how hardly the policitians be pressed, they have not the power to satisfy those whom they represent. They themselves, embodying the powers of Parliamentary government, are, like every other institution, at the mercy of the money interests. They are in debt to them to an extent it is almost impossible for the mind to conceive, but of which the statement, made in these pages last week, to the effect that £3,000,000,000 had been paid in interest and sinking fund since the National Debt was inaugurated in the seventeenth century will give some idea. We still have a debt of nearly £800,000,000. No wonder, therefore, our domestic policy, directed by money interests, goes steadily in the direction of the Servile State. No wonder that our foreign policy is completely in the hands of the financiers. It is not politicians but financiers who govern, and it is not in the coercing of politicians but in the abolition of financiers that our social salvation will be found. Why should women lag behind men? Their brains are as good, and their wills, when they set about a task, are better. Let the women join the army of industrial revolt. An organisation of women Syndicalists would do more to hurry the steps of politicians than all their political oratory. If women take up the bolder stand, the politicians will give them the vote, if only in an endeavour to provide them with a harmless preoccupation. The Strike. All things work together for Syndicalism, it appears, even the Dockers' Strike, this ghastly business, which should be a warning from now till Repudiation Day against sectional warfare. Sectional warfare is hopeless, and unless the appeal to make it national is successful, labour will not be able even to save its face. A strike is social war, and to waltz airily into warfare brings its own retribution. To cry out against retribution—the natural discipline of consequences —is utterly without reason. It is childish. A man would not get on sporting terms with a tiger and expect the beast to be content with a lick of his hand. Beasts of prey are beasts of prey, and working men who expect them suddenly to be transformed into gentlemen are fools, and can only expect to be well-cuffed for witlessness. The London Dockers decided on their own account to declare war, and this without taking any thought as to their supplies, ammunition, or allies. To declare war under such conditions may be right, but it is desperate, and those who do so must be prepared for desperate measures. But they are not! At present the dockers are accepting "charity." They are waiting on the doorstep of the enemy. It is preposterous. There is only one reasonable course for strikers without allies and without means. They have to take up the position of outlaws and utilise the means which exist for dealing with such. First, they would have to put their children in the workhouses, and, if they agree, their womenfolk, too. Then they are free to fight. When they are beaten in open 'fight, they can fall back on the prisons. There is always very good bread in prison. As for organised charity, they would be in a position to tell the organisers to take it to blazes. This is the only common-sense attitude for casual rebels to take up. To speak magniloquently of rebellion in its first stages; then to slide down insensibly on to a lower and a lower key; finally to accept any terms in order to save labour's face—these are methods which hurt rebellion itself, and in the end they prove wholly useless. The only way to fight capitalism successfully is to take measures in proportion to the strength of the enemy. It needs "All Workers" to fight capital. To crush it are needed measures as drastic as those which are used to exterminate the man-eating tiger. The jungle is fired all round, and men with guns stand ready to shoot should the beast spring. Workers will have to adopt measures as drastic if they are to deal with the capitalist man-eater. Happily, in the present instance, the strikers have been saved by the swelled-headed imbecility of the person who is styled "Lord Devonport." This person, who, happily for them, is blessed with the intelligence of the monkey-like variety, has the itch to make manifest to what limits capital can go. As though we were not fully aware! It is surely not the "game" of capitalists to make clear to the wealth-producers how utterly they are divorced from the money-interests. It is the whole game of capital, indeed, to persuade the wealth-producers that in some way their interests are allied. It is, therefore, to be expected that "Lord Devonport" will find himself sharply rapped across the knuckles by his fellow-conspirators if he goes any further lengths towards divulging capital's sinister control. In the meantime, allies are coming to the dockers' rescue. Their dogged tenacity has won what their unconsidered rashness failed to secure. It is likely that the local strike will be converted into a national strike of transport workers, and so find its own solution. Mr. Tom Mann, for the first time, has taken a hand in the struggle, and makes an appeal for a national transport strike. It is to be hoped it will be responded to. The dockers in this fight of nine weeks have proved themselves heroes. They deepen belief in the basic goodness of humanity. The money-holders, the tricksters, the gamblers, the financial thugs, are merely an evil scum which has risen to the surface. Below, where men work honestly, goodness and spirit still survive. The dockers have proved their breed. Poetry, religion, and honour are here with them. They are grand lads. We have said that all things are working together for Syndicalism. As a direct result of the strike impasse, Mr. Ben Tillett is advising, in the pages of the Daily Herald, a single union for all transport workers; but if the principle of the unified union comes, can Syndicalism be far behind? We think not, and when we read of Mr. Vernon Hartshorn advising joint action on the part of all transport workers and miners, we feel that the logic of events has established a logic of method. The New Socialism. I HAVE been reading "The Great State,"* and it has reminded me of the time—in 1889 it was, I believe—when a friend gave me a copy of the newly published "Fabian Essays" I was younger and more optimistic then; moreover, I was fresh from a strenuous year's work at the Liverpool East Dispensary. In other words, I had been down into hell, that very hell which broke loose for a moment last summer; and the things that I had seen there had seared my young soul. Fabian Essays and the talks—unforgettable talks those!— which I had with my friend, as we rambled over the Derbyshire hills and moors and through the Derbyshire pine-woods, gave me a glimpse of the heaven which might be when the dreams of the essayists had become the facts which, as it then seemed, they soon might and must be. I can hear my companion's deep voice and his mighty laugh now, as he explained it all—so incontrovertibly and so delightfully. Was he not one of the historical Kelmscott House group)—one who had talked with immortals; perhaps, too, an immortal himself? An apostle from the Earthly Paradise of the great William Morris! Those were wonderful days. As to the Fabian gospel—that gospel to which he remains faithful to this day, if I am not mistaken —how clear and logical and convincing I found it ... in those days! It seems just as logical on re-reading it to-day; but by no means as convincing. Too many of its predictions have been refuted by another sort of logic—that of events, to wit. The logic of essayists is one thing; that of life, alas! quite another—if one can call that a logic at all. Consider, for example, Mrs. Besant's Fabian essay on "Industry under Socialism." She looked forward in the near future to the employment, by the newly created County Councils, of organised bodies of productive workers, enrolled under their several trades. County farms were to be the nuclei around which were to be grouped shoemakers, tailors, smiths, carpenters, and so forth, recruited from the ranks of the unemployed, the inevitable necessity of providing in some way for whose constantly increasing numbers was to be the dynamic that was to bring the change about. How these "industrial communes" were to be financed Mrs. Besant does not condescend to inform us; her idea seems to have been that they would more than pay their way from the first. Mrs. Besant's councillors were to be whole-timers in receipt of a living wage. The County Councils have been with us for a quarter of a century now, but the councillors are still (happily) unpaid; the county farms have not materialised; the industrial communes are still a beautiful dream. Consider, again, the Fabian theory of the rings and trusts, with their neatly assigned role of inaugurating the Socialist Millennium by a sort of reductio ad absurdum, arising out of their own colossal growth. These huge combinations were to grow and grow until each had achieved a monopoly in regard to its own department of industry. When the pears were all ripe they were to be picked and eaten: the perfected and organised industries were to be " taken over by the State," and worked for the good of the commonwealth instead of for *"The Great State: Essays in Construction.' By H. G. Wells, Frances Evelyn Warwick, L. G. Chiozza Money, E. Ray Lankester, C. J. Bond, E. S. P. Haynes, Cecil Chesterton, Cicely Hamilton, Roger Fry, G. R. S. Taylor, Conrad Noel, Herbert Trench, Hugh P. Vowles. 8vo. 6s. net. (London and New York: Harper and Bros. 1912.) the enrichment of the capitalists. The picking and eating were to be a gradual process—a better metaphor would be that the State was to take a bite out of each from time to time where it hung on the tree. They were first to be " taxed and controlled," later to be " absorbed and administered." But the pears of capitalism are magic pears: when one tries to pick them, lo and behold! they vanish, and reappear on another tree, growing on the far side of the wall! I wish Mr. William Clarke had told us how to pick those magic pears. Perhaps, if he had, we should be well advanced, or at any rate fairly started, in the process of " absorption " ere now. Whereas . . . ! If Mrs. Besant's lecture had been a contribution to the recently published " Essays in Construction " instead of to the twenty-three-years-old Fabian ones, her industrial communes would have been condemned as first instalments of the Servile State. We hear nothing about the Servile State in the earlier collection: that bogey-man had not yet showed his head. And I will tell you why. In 1889 Socialism was merely an ideal; to-day it is practical politics. We are living under a Chancellor of the Exchequer who is much too wise to call himself a Socialist, but who is one for all that. That makes all the difference: for, as Oscar Wilde happily puts the case: " There are two tragedies in life. One is not getting what you want, and the other is—getting it." So when Lady Warwick, Mr. Stirling Taylor, and Mr. Wells inform us in their Prefatory Note how "that old and largely fallacious antagonism of Socialist and individualist is, indeed, dissolving out of contemporary thought altogether," I remain unconvinced. Mr. Taylor is willing to state his case for the Great State on its making the individual freer than he is under Capitalism. Nietzsche was of a different opinion. "Free society? Indeed! Indeed! But you know, gentlemen, sure enough, whereof one builds it? Out of wooden iron! Out of the famous wooden iron!" In my opinion, it is high time that all those who profess and call themselves Socialists considered whether they really want Socialism or not. And that, if they be really in earnest about it, they left off howling "the Servile State! the Servile State!" whenever an instalment of their desideratum, however small, was offered them in the inevitably disappointing form in which our ideals become transformed into realities, and began to realise that you cannot eat your cake and have it. In other words, that you cannot have Socialism without the surrender of some considerable portion of the individual freedom which you have hitherto enjoyed. The contributors to "The Great State" —those of. them who can be accounted believers— do not seem to have grasped this elementary fact; if they have, they all keep it well in the background. The powder they invite us to swallow is carefully concealed in the jam of optimistic rhetoric. But the powder is there, nevertheless; and some of us are going to make very wry faces when we are forced to gulp it down. Consider for a moment what is involved in the transformation they advocate, and you will realise the importance of my point. Mr. Money tells us that, of our present population, only 45 per cent, of the males over eighteen are direct producers of material commodities, namely, 5,850,000 out of 14,000,000 "engaged in occupations." These, with the aid of some two million women and children, produce commodities (mostly rubbish) of the value of about £23 per annum per head of the population. No wonder that poverty abounds! How could it be otherwise? If now we are to replace poverty by wealth, it is obvious that, of the 55 per cent, of adult males who are engaged otherwise than in direct production, a very large proportion—practically all save those engaged in transportation, distribution, or professional work—must be transferred from their present useless occupations to the army of genuine producers? And then, we are told, that, provided that every healthy adult worked hard for some five hours a day (more or less) at some genuinely useful employment, enough commodities could be produced to maintain for all a good minimum standard of life and prosperity. Mr. Money tells us this; and I see no reason to doubt it. What I do seriously doubt is the possibility of bringing about so vast a change otherwise than by the most ruthless compulsion. Is a community, which is moved up to and over the verge of hysteria by the prospect of compulsory "stamp-licking," likely to accept with equanimity the consequences of the doctrine that mere earning power is one thing and social utility quite another? Mr. Money contends, rightly as I think, that under present conditions the two things, as a rule, vary inversely: the more useful a man's work, the less he will be likely to receive for it. But it is a rule with a good many exceptions—of both kinds. My point is, however, that a given clerk, shopkeeper, advertising agent, stockbroker, or commercial traveller will not accept with equanimity the information that for all the good he does he might as well be ploughing the sand; nor the invitation of the Great State (in embryo) to transfer himself to some "no class" job of genuine utility. Besides, one has to allow for the demoralising, devitalising effect of sham industry. I suspect that enormous numbers of self-styled "busy" men would prove utterly incapable of five hours' genuine work a day. They do not in the least know what real work feels like; and they have no wish to be taught it either. Mr. Wells points out that the problem of the transition to Socialism is largely psychological. It is, indeed, and a tough one at that. If, by a miracle, the conditions necessary for the substitution of use-production for profit-production could be made the law of the land to-morrow, it would prove impossible to enforce them without bloodshed, or, in all probability, with it. I shall be told that the unpopularity of such attempts at collectivist legislation as the Insurance Act is due to the fact that they are spurious forms of Socialism; but this I do not admit for a moment. I admit the spuriousness, to a large extent: the Act is, in the main, of the pills-for-earthquakes form of remedy. In the main, but not exclusively; but its unpopularity is independent in great measure of the merits or demerits of the Act. It is due to British resentment of the indispensable bureaucratic factor, the element of coercion, which would excite just as much rancour against an Act devoid of this one's glaring defects from the State Socialist point of view. It is my firm conviction, and nothing that Mr. Wells and his colleagues have said affects it in the least, that State Socialism of the better kind can be realised, if at all, only via the cast-iron form of bureaucracy, which it is the fashion to decry as " the Servile State." If we cannot swallow the one, we may as well dismiss the other as the idle dream that, in that case, it is and will remain. We may change the form of our present slavery to a new and more up-to-date and rational form: we are not going to get rid of slavery altogether, nor are we going to get rid of class distinctions: we are more likely to intensify them a hundredfold; although it may be hoped that, by substituting biological and anthropometric principles of classification for the present muddle of chance and privilege, we may eliminate most of their bitterness. Class-distinctions are very real things: the trouble is to get and keep them properly sorted. At present, thanks to several generations of democratic and plutocratic anarchy, we are in a state of inextricable confusion. We have royalties among the proletariat and proletarians among the royalty. It is all very well to write in Mr. Wells's good-natured fashion, as if it mattered little or nothing what work a given man had to do. It matters enormously, as nobody knows better than Mr. Wells. But if we are not honest enough to face these unpalatable truths, or hard-hearted enough to tell them, how on earth are we to get them carried into effect? I may be told, perhaps, that there is an alternative to State compulsion. There is an alternative, of course. The various industries may complete their organisations, take the management of their own affairs into their own hands, and federate themselves on a sociocratic basis. This, or something like this, I take to be the objective of Syndicalism; and there is a great deal to be said for it. I could not go so far as to call myself a Syndicalist, for, as regards "isms," I am a burnt child who dreads the fire. But Syndicalism seems to be complementary to State Socialism: it supplies the factor of spontaneity and industrial autonomy which its predecessor lacks. I take it that Mr. Wells's conception of "The Great State" is that of the outcome of the two movements, a blend of the constructive factors of each. Syndicalism is, from the ideal standpoint, an advance upon Socialism, in that it repudiates the need of external discipline and compulsion—the bureaucratic factor. But this repudiation can only be justified on the supposition that the various industries accept, each for itself, the responsibility of self-discipline, both as regards internal administration and as regards the due subordination of their own sectional claims and interests to those of the community at large. Moreover, it has yet to be ascertained whether the scale of values implicit in Syndicalism be such as we can accept. In the event of its triumph, we may rest assured that material poverty would be made an end of; but there are other forms. What would be the outlook for the ideal interests—Art, Science, Philosophy? This is the crucial question; and to point to the fact that among the present adherents of Syndicalism there are men and women whom no one could suspect of sordidly utilitarian views, is no sufficient answer. Every new movement is attractive to idealists; and welcomes them, because of its need of the sophistical web of glamour which they know so well how to weave. But the time always comes when idealism, having served its turn, is discarded, and the magicians are left out in the cold. This time has come now for State Socialism: the " practical man " has adopted it, and we begin to see it as it is. So we have Sir Ray Lankester grimly foreboding an evil day for pure Science under the coming bureaucracy, and Mr. Fry endeavouring, not very successfully, to conceal his misgivings as to the future of Art. The unity of the contributions to "The Great State" consists mainly in the fact that they are bound up in the same covers. On the other hand, "Fabian Essays" was a genuine book. But what has Mr. Trench in common with Miss Hamilton or Mr. Stirling Taylor, I should like to know? As to Mr. Noel's picturesque religious forecast, it simply makes one gasp: so naive is its formless eclecticism, so anthropomorphic its theology, and so confidently Christo-centric its point of view. This is religion for the people with a vengeance; but, then, one cannot help liking Mr. Noel, when all is said, whatever one may think of his hotch-potch of medievalism and humanism. It is on the side of form that his conception and that of most of his colleagues appears to be lacking. They have given us as their view of the Great State a portfolio of blurred impressionist sketches, not a single collectively thought-out picture. There is no outline. Nouveau art is interesting, no doubt; but its methods, as applied to the supreme task of social architecture, are conducive neither to greatness nor durability. Or, if you reject that metaphor, it must still be maintained that even Freedom cannot dispense with a form, however fluent and elusive, or a discipline, however intrinsic. But the question, the crucial question, for Freedom remains to be faced; that, namely, of your available building material. For iron will not do; and wood will not do; we must have the paradoxical combination. Charles J. Whitby, M.D. "English Literature, 1880-1905."* MR. J. M. KENNEDY is a bishop manque. He writes in the solemn yet hiccupy style peculiar to bishops, with a "however," or "indeed," or "of course" interrupting every sentence. "The force of adulatory superlatives has long been weakened owing to the manner in which injudicious critics have scattered them over the ephemeral productions of modern novelists. . . ." This must have been written in apron and gaiters. Perhaps Mr. Kennedy is a bishop in some secret Church of the Nietzscheans. This history of modern English literature is irritating because Mr. Kennedy writes as a critic rather than a scholar, and it is as a scholar that he is a distinguished writer. As a scholar he is enthusiastic and ravenous. With him the thoughts of all dead masters of language living in his brain, he can see very clearly the relation of these modern artists to the past. The chapter on Walter Pater, although quite unsympathetic, is very remarkable for its intimate knowledge of every problem that Pater's mind touched. From this point of view the book is well worth reading, if only for the learning that flashes from his pages. But on the critical side it is not so good. Mr. Kennedy's thesis depends entirely on his distinction between romanticism and classicism. "When we speak of classic work we mean, or should mean, work modelled on the style of the best Greek and Latin authors; works in which the ideas expressed are correctly moulded to the form of their expression, in which the thoughts are clearly and simply outlined, and in which certain definite artistic canons are strictly adhered to. . . . We must definitely assume that the spirit of the Greek and Latin authors is our highest literary ideal." On the other hand, romanticists are those "who saw nothing in the influence of tradition in art and literature, who acted as if the world were recreated from day to day and year to year, who chafed under the artistic discipline to which their opponents, the classicists, willingly submitted." This is a vague distinction, and leaves out of account that only imperfect artists are either romanticists and classicists. Perfect artists transcend all such distinctions. Dante, Aeschylus, Shakespeare, and Marlowe, travelling along the different roads of romanticism and classicism, arrived at the same goal when they attained absolute vision. The application of the test makes it * "English Literature, 1880-1905." By J. M. Kennedy. 7s. 6d. (Stephen Swift and Co.) vaguer still. Plato was not a classicist we find, but Plautus was; Plautus, whose plays are blood-brothers to "Ralph Roister-Doister." Nietzsche, whose style was like a tawdry circus procession of elephants and camels ridden by acrobats in tarnished spangles going round the labyrinthine gabled streets of a German village, was a classicist. Thomas Hardy is a romanticist. " A most important trait of the classicist ... is his unity, the complete harmony existing between mind and body, his complete self-control and well-developed willpower, while the romanticist is equally distinguished by lack of unity, lack of will, and a resultant disharmony of thought." From passages such as these we discover that "romanticist is simply a term used by Mr. Kennedy towards those he dislikes. It would be much more vigorous to use some plain English term that we all understand, such as "blighter." Hence the value of the book depends entirely on Mr. Kennedy's standard of blighterhood. This standard is difficult to define, because of Mr. Kennedy's inconsistency. As an example of this there is the contrast between his treatment of Oscar Wilde and of George Gissing. He misses the true tragedy of Wilde, the common enough tragedy of the clever young provincial who enters the deadly dull salons of London, and, finding that the wit which was exacted from him as ordinary conversation by the more particular provinces is hailed as genius by the bored Londoners, forthwith abandons honest, artistic work. He misses the significance of "De Profundis" altogether, and discredits its doctrine for quite the wrong reason. "There is a factor underlying . . . the book which has never been sufficiently taken into account, viz., that Wilde is here speaking as what Nietzsche would call an inferior man. He has been degraded, he is suffering, he is wretched, and in order to justify his degradation and sorrow and wretchedness, he endeavours to set them upon a philosophical foundation, and to use this new foundation in addition as the basis of a new theory of art and truth." Of course, "De Profundis" is the most convincing proof of the inconquerable quality of Wilde's soul. He was hard and shallow ; he wrote of great things, but he wrote with a pen dipped in ink and not in blood. On him the blows of Society could make no impression. "De Profundis" is his last and most successful joke; wherein, by the deft use of his imprisonment and the Christian code which he had infringed, he induced the world which had inflicted his imprisonment to feel perpetually in his debt. Yet though Mr. Kennedy discredits the doctrine of "De Profundis" because it is the work of an inferior man, later on he gives George Gissing the highest rank as an artist, far above Wells or Shaw. Now, if there ever was an "inferior man," it was Gissing. Other men, such as Shaw, have been as poor as Gissing, but none of them have been so completely absorbed by poverty. In his depression he lost all sense of colour and all buoyancy of sight. This is proved by the lengthy Nature study quoted by Mr. Kennedy, in which Gissing takes an inventory of a sunset like a not too enthusiastic auctioneer. His books deal constantly with the theme of unrequited love, which is pathetic, but not dignified. A passion that fails to inspire passion in another is defeated in the main object of its being. If there is anything undignified about Christianity, it is not Christ's crucifixion, but His unrequited love for the world. How can Mr. Kennedy consistently praise such a messenger of misery? Of course, Gissing's novels are great in spite of his wretchedness, for there is very little in this theory that art cannot be conceived of sorrow, and that suffering may not be included in the basis of a new theory of art and truth. They say " Hamlet" was written after the death of Shakespeare's son; and certainly it delights in suffering. Such masterpieces as this and " Tess of the D'Urbervilles" leave one not, as Mr. Kennedy declares, with a sense of the valuelessness of Life because of sorrow, but with a sense of the value of everything in Life, even sorrow. Both Mr. Shaw and Mr. Wells come under Mr. Kennedy's definition of blighterhood. He scolds at Shaw for writing of an ephemeral phase of humanity, and not of the changeless nature of man, as the Greek dramatists did. To every sensitive mind it is obvious that the Greek dramatists looked on Life from a very local point of view. The nature of man may not have changed since the days of Sophocles, but the conception of Fate has. My humanity feels humiliated when I read of CEdipus gouging out his eyes because an impertinent Fate, who is liker the malicious mother-in-law in a Criterion farce than anything else in modern art, has cheated him into marrying his mother and killing his father. No human being can see humanity absolute, unbound by chains of time and circumstance. Hence Shaw and the Greeks are right in choosing the ephmeral journalistic point of view. The attack on Mr. Wells is more loosely reasoned. It depends mainly on the assumption that *' If there is any being who is at the diametrically opposite pole to an artist, it is a mechanic or anyone with a mind interested in mechanics "—which is disproved by the memory of Michael Angelo and Leonardo da Vinci. Therefore, because Mr. Wells has a scientific imagination, he cannot have an artistic imagination. Mr. Kennedy also accuses him of timidity in his treatment of the novel. " Like the Church of Rome, it is aristocratic in its nature: its message is flung to the world, and must be taken or left." I like the idea of writing a novel at the public in the same haughty way in which one flings a clothes-brush out of the window at a serenading cat; but it will take some time to accustom me to an association between timidity and Mr. H. G. Wells. Mr. Kennedy's under-estimation of the above writers is not really indicative of a bad heart, since he over-estimates other authors just as badly. He gives four pages to Mr. W. L. Courtney, the gentleman who edits a monthly review written by the dead for the dead, and that advertisement page headed "Current Literature" in the Daily Telegraph. " Mr. Courtney was the first critic of any standing to do any justice to Miss Maud Allan's dancing. . ." My faith in Mr. Kennedy's critical faculty was first shaken when I read that " the traditions of all those periodicals " (Henley's " National Observer,** " The Yellow Book," and " The Savoy ") " may be said to be merged to a great extent in 1 The . . ."' Well, in a certain threepenny contemporary, of which, although the editor's political and philosophical writings are among the most brilliant of to-day, the critical and creative side suffers from dementia pracox, prolonged into a sour middle age. It is over " The Yellow Book " that Mr. Kennedy's failure as a creative critic is most marked. Never once does he give a clear picture of the authors he describes. He gives no impression of the clean, adolescent brutalitv of Hubert Crackanthorpe, who wrote of sordid sin because he was so young and the world was so frightfully thrilling. He gives no hint of the comic charm of Richard Le Gal-lienne, so lovely, so amorous, so common, like some delicious railway-station barmaid who shakes her fair curls, lisps sentiment, and drops her aspirates across the bar. Mr. Kennedy gives us not personalities, but names. Moreover, he misses the really high purpose which the " Yellow Book " school fulfilled. These young men of artistic ambition came into the world to find that style was held in contempt. Dickens had dragged the English language through the mud, Browning had thrown bricks at it, Trollope was sitting on its chest and reading the Lessons to it. The House of Art was full of men who had magnificent messages, but nevertheless ate peas with their knives. This revolted Wilde, possibly because, coming from Ireland, he was accustomed to hear good, clean English; but in any case he and his followers set about imposing style on English literature. That was the purpose of their existence, and they fulfilled it. There was no new philosophy in the air, so they had no new gospel to preach. But they improved our manners. It is thanks to them that we are as fastidious about words as we are about personal cleanliness. The atmosphere of the nineties, full of a calm beauty, perhaps more beautiful because undisturbed by any spiritual upheaval, was brought before us last week for a little* time, when Miss Florence Farr gave her last recital to the psaltery. Miss Farr is the last of those subtle women of the nineties who veiled their loveliness with a becoming melancholy born of tragedies that were, one is sure, very enjoyable while they lasted. Content to be themselves works of art, they did not desire to project their beauty into eternity by becoming artists. Miss Farr's art of reciting to the psaltery is typical of her period. It is unimportant from every artistic point of view ; yet nothing could be more exquisite than the speech of that lovely, level voice, in which the tears glimmer perpetually, like dewdrops in long grass. Very significantly, this recreation of a past decade was preceded by a play by a woman of this generation—" Edge o' Dark," by Gwen John. It was a brutal thing, a horror of drink and adultery and murder played out in the black squalor of a Derbyshire cottage. Marred by a violence that was probably the sign of an artistic nervousness due to inexperience, it yet had a germ of tragic beauty. The woman, played by Miss Gladys Jones, who is too weary of men to care for vengeance against them, and goes out to die, is a figure of pity and dignity. There is no doubt that this younger generation would' find it much harder to deal with the violent subjects their hunger for a completer representation of Life leads them to choose were it not for the tradition of beautiful technique imposed on them by the " Yellow Book " school. But there is a savour about Mr. Kennedy's book which excuses his failure as a creative critic—the savour of devout scholarship. He has a gift for illuminating quotation; certainly nothing could better illustrate the enmity between romanticism and classicism than the contrasting passages he gives from Catullus and Tasso. It is an excellent book of reference on a hitherto unexplored subject, though a bibliography would make it still more useful. I must confess that the passage which gives me the most tranquil pleasure is an entry in the index: "Sex, The unimportance of, p. 224." This is Napoleonic. One yearns to grovel, just a little. This clarion note re-echoes in the letterpress when Mr. Kennedy exclaims: " Even at the present day there are men, though their number may be relatively small, who would . . . willingly see the whole female sex at the bottom of the sea if they thought for a minute it would tend to inter- fere with their ambitious designs." That thrills me. It is just how I feel about the male sex. I greet Mr. Kennedy as a kindred spirit. There is just one weakness about our position. Owen Glendower once boasted: " I can call spirits from the vasty deep." To which Hotspur replied : " Ay, so can I, and so can any man. But will they come ? " That is our difficulty. Mr. Kennedy and I may stand side by side on Southend Pier from dawn to dusk calling our respective opposite sexes down to the vasty deep. But will they come ? Rebecca West. What is Love ? [The following essay, from the pen of Richard Carlile, appeared in the Republican for May 6th, 1825. It was written from Dorchester Gaol on May Day (Love's Day, as Carlile termed it), 1825. Not so much for his views, as for the frank and bold treatment at a time when despotism was rife, this effort of Carlile's would seem worthy of reproduction and consideration. To this essay I append some quotations from Carlile's contribution to the Republican for 1820, written during the same incarceration in the Dorchester bastille.—Guy A. Aldred.] THE first person entitled to answer is the languishing maid of twenty. She will say, that love is a delightful passion, which can only be fully felt by maids of her years, and if hers be an unrequited love, she will deny it to all the other sex. Children, she will say, cannot love; because she never felt such sensations when a child. Older women cannot love; because they are not so giddy as herself. She can tell you who cannot, and who do not love; but though she feels and thinks a hundred things, she cannot tell you what love is. If she attempts to describe it, you will find, that it means nothing more than a love of this, or of that person's company, in particular. If she enjoys that person's company her sensations are only excited, she still loves, she dreads his departure, and would set aside all the rules of social life to keep him about her. When he goes, it is like a final farewell; every interval of seeing him is an age ; his distance a voyage. He returns ; but he eases not her sensations. If he be agreeable, if he has the art of pleasing, his very company is a torture; but not to meet him at appointment is the very acme of human cruelty. If he promises and deceives, if he forsakes, if he gives his company to another female, then, love, like another bile, or gastric juice, turns upon its own body and destroys it. Still the fair maid knows not what love is, she has desired his company, and has enjoyed it; but that only added new fuel to the fire, it has not, for a moment, abated the passion. She has received him punctually; but still there was an unappeased sensation. They have met, they have parted; she has sighed for him, she has smiled upon, she has mourned his absence and enjoyed his presence ; but still some hidden desire remains ungratified. She knows not what it can be, it is called love, that is a mysterious word, and she is still ignorant of herself, cannot apply the remedy to her disease. If the young man be the wooer, he is still the love-sick maid all over, where there is nothing but the person wooed ; and money here must be' out of the question ; we will deal with nothing but love of person. The custom of society encourages him to make his advances boldly; if he receives a no, he tries again and again, and assures himself of victory. If he were able to discriminate, at the time, he would perceive, that the very condescension to utter no is but an affirmative transposed, and he would be wise not to press the monosyllable; but always to assume the affirmative, and to act upon it with an appearance of prematureness. Love is a subject on which some women will not talk, and it is only necessary to see this, to act without speaking, to answer for them, to make them confess that the passion is reciprocal. But it is a barbarous custom, that forbids the maid to make advances in love, or that confines that advance to the eye, the fingers, the gesture, the motion, the manner. It is ridiculous. Why should not the female state her passion to the male, as well as the male to the female? What impropriety can there be in it? What bad effect can it produce? Is it immodest? Why is it immodest? Is it not virtuous ? Why is it not virtuous ? I claim equality for the female, and give her the right to make advances in all the affairs of genuine love. I hate the hypocrisy, the cruelty, that would stifle or disguise a virtuous passion, whether in the male or in the female. Young women, assume an equality, plead your passions where you feel them, and to whom they apply. The young man, generally, is as ignorant of the seat of the passion of love as the young woman. The heart is personified and made the medium of this passion ; but this, like all other personifications, is erroneous, the result of ignorance, an invention of cause where the effect is only felt. The passion of love lies deeper, and its seat is the whole body. Every part administers to it. In the old maid, the passion of love has become like an overflowing gall-bladder for want of a due secretion, and Has tinged every other sensation with a bitterness. In animation, as well as in vegetation, ripeness is the point of health to be gained and to be enjoyed ; and, as the animal so far differs from the vegetable, as to be a self-renovating and self-preserving machine, to make ripeness wholesome, it must be duly enjoyed, and the necessary exchanges of matter made to sustain it. If the proper secretions be not made, the ripeness is either never accomplished, or, if accomplished, hastened to putrefaction and foulness. Those beings, therefore, who abstain from propagating their species, ought not to rank with animals. They are a sort of hybrids, generally useless for all the purposes of animal life. They possess nothing of the common cheerfulness and gaiety of well-supported animal life. The real bachelors, as well as the old maids, belong to this hybrid or sub-animal class; for, to be loveless, is certainly to have some defect in body or in mind. And, I flatter myself, that, when I have fully developed the seat and cause of love, I shall have done something towards lessening the usual number of old bachelors and old maids. I can stimulate these apathetic, loveless folks, with good grace, now that I am about to develope the means of a wholesome check upon an excess of offspring. Love is so delightful a passion, that not one evil should be allowed to follow it that can be removed. It makes so great a part of genuine happiness, that, it ought so to be purified, as to exist free from alloy. The matron is so well skilled in the affairs of love as to love philosophically, or rather, with a philosophical countenance; for cunning itself is often very ignorant. It is from this gravity of countenance, that the giddy and inexperienced maid fancies that love is confined to unmarried girls. To love and be sedate does not seem to her inexperience to be possible. But the only real difference is, between love gratified and love not gratified. The question of what is love is as difficult to be answered by the matron as by the maid, and as the former has ceased to know any but gratified love, she is too apt to frown upon and discountenance the ungratified love of the latter; whilst it should be a mother's duty to explain to her daughter, or other female charge, the question of what is love. There should exist no ignorance upon the subject, after love is felt and can be enjoyed. As for the peevish, exhausted old man, we can only say for him, what Rochefoucalt said for old age: that it is a tyrant that forbids the pleasures of youth under the pain of death. He has enjoyed love, as he enjoyed life, without knowing what it meant, or whence it came, and, if religious, has, perhaps, sought for spiritual phantoms to account for the one as well as for the other. He cannot answer the question what is love. It has not yet been philosophically answered. The philosopher, in asking himself the question, what is love, solves it by asking another question, what is an animal, or, what is man. Looking at mankind, he finds them of two classes, male and female, varying but little as to external form or internal character. He finds them to possess the same passions, to have the same desires, to live by the same means, and with the difference of the female being the body qualified to breed the species after seminal contact, and the veinous evacuations which conduce to that end, he sees them in every respect to be exactly alike. Our Saxon Ancestors called the female womb-man, whence came the corruption of woman, a very proper and the only real distinction between the male and female of the human species. Looking further, he perceives that there exists no other real distinction between the male and female of other animals, though there might be a greater difference as to external appearance. He also sees that the principle of sex, or that of male and female, extends to vegetables, and that, in many instances, they can only be propagated by seminal contact. And, as they have not the power of loco-motion, it is supposed, that this contact is wholly dependent upon the motion of the air, or of insects moving from the male to the female covered with the seed of the male. So that the period when vegetables are bursting with their seeds, may be called the periods of their love. Many animals are also known only to have periodical annual fits of love. And this fit of love is clearly an overwhelming propensity for the secretion of seed. Impediments to this secretion form the more violent paroxysms of the fit, and it may be truly inferred that LOVE IS A DISEASE: a disease delightful in its cure, but distressing and disastrous if not cured. Reproduction or accumulation of identities similar to self seems to be a common law of animal and vegetable matter ; and the disposition to reproduce in all well-formed or healthy objects is as powerful as hunger or thirst or the passion of self-preservation. It is a passion, not criminal in the indulgence ; but criminality attaches where the indulgence is withheld ; because health, even life, is endangered. It is not a passion of the mind, or an artificial passion, such as a craving to exhibit the distinctions of society; but a natural passion, or a passion of the body, which we hold in common with every other animal. It grows with our growth, and is strengthened with our strength. The passion of love is nothing but the passion to secrete semen in a natural way. To prove that genuine love is nothing but the passion to secrete semen, it is sufficient to refer to the period or age at which it comes on and at which it leaves us. We hear not of love in decaying age or in infancy: and the attachments of habit, of kindness, of gratitude, or of human, social, individual, parental, filial, or domestic affection have no connection with the passion oflove. We talk of a love of virtue, of friendship, of heroism, of charity, of generosity; but this kind of love is a matter wholly distinct from the passion of love between the male and female. All men are apt to feel a passion for a beautiful woman; all women for a handsome and agreeable man; but this expresses nothing more than a desire to associate ourselves with the most agreeable object for seminal intercourse. The every-day occurrences of mankind explain this matter, and hence the many violences and intrigues connected with the passion of love: hence rapes, seductions, adulteries, and intercourses pronounced unlawful by the laws of different countries. . . . This principle or definition of love explains, why married people are generally unhappy, and hate each other soon after marriage, at all times, except the moments for the secretion of semen; and even, in this exception, they prefer other than what are called the lawful associations, ft proves, and experience is wholly with it, that the marriage ties in this country are too many for the simple enjoyment of a passion that is not constant, but periodical, that is allied to but one object, that dies with gratification, every existence of which is a new birth, and that should not be forced nor shackled. Mutual desire should at every period of life constitute the practical part, or the gratification of love; nor can it be shown that it would become more fickle in its attachments if most free. Nature disdains . an artificial tie, and feels the attempted shackle to be an insult that generates enmity. The Phrenologists support the deduction of the philosopher, that love is a strong desire for the secretion of semen, in their doctrine, that a large or small cerebellum, which is a mass of the brain at the bottom of the skull, forming what we call the nape of the neck, is indicative of a greater or less propensity to love. And the Bible, or that luscious part of it called Solomon's Song, supports both phrenology and the philosophical definition of love, at chap ii. ver. 6, and at chap viii. ver. 3, in shewing that, in the gratification of love, * His left-hand should be under my head (that is, under the cerebellum), and his right hand should embrace me." This was clearly the mode preferred by the inspired lady who wrote that song, and phrenology now assigns a physical reason for it, in showing that an excitement of the cerebellum is calculated to increase the pleasure of gratified love. There are those who live entirely for the gratification of their sensual passions; such, we must phrenologically suppose, are they, who have an excess of cerebellum. Others have moral passions, or passions of the mind, which divert them nearly altogether from the more gross and sensual passions ; such a man was Sir Isaac Newton ; and such we may charitably suppose all those to be, who would check the amount of sexual intercourse. Loveless themselves, like the religionist, they would have the passions of every other person shaped to their own. This is a great error in human judgment ; and due allowances should always be made for the actions and passions of those which differ from our own, provided they injure none designedly but themselves. This essay on love cannot fail to be highly useful, if rightly studied. That which now passes under the name of love is a maudlin, sickly sentiment or passion founded on hypocrisy, and means nothing at bottom but the desired enjoyment of a passion which is felt but not understood, and which professes to be every thing but that which it is in reality. The right consideration in a matter of love is—are our persons agreeable to each other? Can we live together and continue to love each other? For a knowledge on this head, the Jewish mode of betrothing for a year on trial, was admirable ; for, scarcely aught but a year's trial can decide the fact. Love should be stripped of that disguise which it has so long worn and never be seen but in its naked form. Then it cannot disgust; then will its renewals be perpetual; then will seductions and adulteries cease; then will be the day of triumph to solid virtue and sound human happiness. Religion makes every thing like itself, turns every thing into hypocrisy, defaces every thing that is moral and good: at least, this has been the character of the Christian Religion founded by that loveless cripple Saint Paul. Love has not, in reality, existed or been able to hold up its head and high pretensions since the predominance of that religion. Under the more noble mythology of the Pagans, it was rightly understood and rightly practised. Even the Jews were much superior to the Christians on this head; and the Mahometans almost approach to perfection. A conscientious healthy Christian can never be happy. His passions will be always at war with his religious professions. It is to be hoped, that no young lady will, after reading this essay, listen to a word about love, without asking the aspirant—what is love? If he has not the courage or the knowledge to state explicitly what love means, he is unworthy of her choice as a partner. It is the test for his sincerity. . . . Who can think of a courtship of years and allow, that the parties have any knowledge of that of which they are in fancied pursuit? It is impossible : there must be some defect in both. It must be an hypocrisy which professes a passion that is not felt. Genuine love will admit of no such delay. It must be gratified or its victim pines and dies. All the young women, who suffer from Chlorosis, or what is otherwise called Green sickness, suffer nothing but the disease of genuine ungratified love. All our best physicians have acknowledged this; and Dr. Cullen was wise and humane enough to recommend that such persons should indulge their passion of love at every convenience. If this were properly the case, we should have more beautiful women, more healthy children, and more of every kind of happiness. It has been a mental disease that has turned love into a fancied sin, and made it commit dreadful ravages, as a disease brought on from the want of due seminal secretions; and even where secret indulgence has been obtained, a dread of discovery has caused an equally distressing mental distraction. Religion is an unnatural vice, and can only be properly classed with sodomy and bestiality. It never ought to inhabit the mind of any person; but to a young person, with signs of health, it is a rankling poison. Then comes the consideration—what a dreadful thing it is, that health and beauty cannot be encouraged and extended, that love cannot be enjoyed, without the danger of a conception, when that conception is not desired, when it is a positive injury to self and to society. This circumstance has been a great bar to health, beauty, and love. Again, see, what an evil arises from bastard children, from deserted children, from half-starved and diseased children, and even where the parents are most industrious and most virtuous, from a half-starved, naked, and badly housed family, from families crowded into one room, for whose health a large house and garden is essential. All these matters are a tax upon love, a perpetual tax upon human pleasure, upon health, a tax that turns beauty into shrivelled ugliness, and that defaces the noble attitude of mankind; that makes the condition of mankind worse than that of the cattle of the field. What is to be done to remedy this evil ? There is something to be done: a means has been discovered, a simple means, more criminal in the neglect than in the use. The destruction of conceptions have been sought by acts of violence, by doses of poison, that must injure, if not destroy, the body of the mother to reach that of the foetus in her womb. This is dreadful, truly dreadful. Yet custom has made it a common matter, a little-thought-of-matter of course. Every village has its almost yearly cases of the kind. In this Island, hundreds of infants are yearly destroyed at birth: some cases are discovered, and some pass undiscovered. We condemn and shudder at the infanticides of China and other countries; yet it is a question, if infanticide ever prevailed in any country more than in our own. Then, here, as in every other case of disease or other evil, it is better to prevent than to cure, and here, prevention is most simply practicable, a means within the reach of ¦all. . . . (Extract from the " Republican " for 1820.) Custom is too apt to pervert the plainest dictates of nature, and to stamp them as criminals, whereas the real criminality lies in opposition to those dictates. I should consider the offspring of an adulterous intercourse to be bastards equally with those born out of wedlock. It is from the odium which the law attaches to bastardy, that we find so many females prefer the destruction of their offspring rather than make it public; and, without doubt, many children are actually destroyed which otherwise might be bred up as useful members of the community. As the property of the father is at his own disposition, except it be freehold, and as all his children, whether born in wedlock or not, must stand in the same relation to him as the common father, so also my reason persuades me that he should make an equal provision for them. Commonsense seems to dictate to us, that, if there be anything vicious or disreputable in a child being born to a female not in a state of wedlock, the blame should attach to the parent, and not to the infant . . . because it must be unconscious of wrong, and should not be accountable for that act— of which, although it was the offspring—it could not control. There can be nothing scandalous in the laws of nature; and where social laws attempt to attach scandal to the laws of nature, it rather injures than benefits the society at large. What would it matter to me if my father or mother had been deemed bastards, which I am satisfied was not the case. I should not consider it the slightest dishonour to them or myself; and even if I myself were a bastard, agreeable to the vulgar appellation, it would not trouble me a moment, and I should think myself of equal importance to the community, as if I had been born from wedded and what is commonly called noble parents. As' to tHe idle talk about royal or noble blood, it is all a farce: and the child of the peasant has his blood perhaps less contaminated with the effects «f vice and disease, than the child of a king and queen, duke and duchess, lord and lady, or any other nick-named gentry. The most noble part of a commonwealth are those who produce an healthy offspring, and support them by their own industry. Richard Carlile. On the Utility of Art. AN APPEAL TO MODERN ENTHUSIASM. "Not pleasure, but a general completeness of life." —Walter Pater. I.—Form. AS spirituality lends life to the concrete, so the ideal, to be grasped, must assume a form. Thus the aesthetic is the most practical of philosophies. It applies itself to, and amalgamates itself with, science, ethics, sociology, and metaphysics, and, by guiding the intelligence, it controls the conduct. And it is its own reward. Art, by the refinement of our faculties (the senses and the intellect), teaches the acceptation of all that is and the inherent possibilities of all natural possessions and gifts. Art is not a struggle against Nature, but a collaboration with Nature. Art teaches us the intelligent perception of Nature, and reveals to us our ultimate impotence in the face of its forces. It teaches us that these forces have all a purpose, and that, their purpose having been recognised, they must not be opposed, but turned to account. And is this attitude not the most worshipful that can be assumed in the presence of Creation? Art divinises Nature, thus Art is not in conflict with the leading principles of religion, though it is as the poles separated from its vitiated interpretations which repress Nature's fertile manifestations in favour of sterile artificial discipline. Art tells us that there is nothing useless in Nature, consequently nothing that is in its essence reprehensible; that every natural propensity and tendency is justified. That, in a word, there is no evil, but only misapplication. There is nothing in the world which is not valuable; the object of art is to determine the harmonious, logical purpose and place of all human gifts and of all Nature's expressions. There is, consequently, a sociological aspect to art which has been entirely lost from view in our Occidental discussions of sociological problems and endeavours to apply sociological reforms. In all periods, in all climates, up to within perhaps a century, the artistic principle has been intimately associated with life.* With the introduction of mechanical appliances, with their gradual substitution for manual labour, art, or, rather, the artistic principle has been disintegrated from practical life and attributed a distinct and minor or, at least, separate, part in the minds as in the customs of men. The more our thoughts are monopolised by scientific and sociological considerations the further the artistic principle is repulsed. We have had periods—all artistic—when these subjects took a secondary place in the minds and preoccupations of men. We have just passed through a period almost entirely devoted to them; the day has now come when they may be reconciled to art, when, indeed, art, which is the revelation of the spirituality in man, that is, the manifestation of his eternal quest after the Ideal of Perfection, must be called forth to assist science in the solution of the problems which occupy us of to-day. Its share in the work is obvious. Science is powerless to suppress discontent and inequalities; nor can it engender wisdom, nor cultivate that politeness—the word taken in its full sense—which is at once the factor and aim of civilisation. And politeness (or polish) is form, and form is art. But art understood in a vaster spirit than it is now—applied as a remedy where science is helpless, for instance, to our vague yearnings and to the apparent injustices which accompany life—may effectually combat many a seemingly insoluble problem. The artistic sentiment succeeds where the intellect utterly fails, for the artistic principle is a strictly definable dogma, and as it may be given concrete expression, is wholly satisfactory as a solace to life's pains. Art is a religion with a mystical source (faith in life) and practical ends (the cult of beauty and perfection, form and harmony). Intellectual and artistic culture are in their essence dissociated. The artistic sentiment may be met with forcibly demonstrated where books and " knowledge " have not penetrated. Intellectual culture may assist us, who have inherited but the shadow of a shadow of artistic sensibility, to evoke its vaguely surviving existence into being and to formulate it; as also to understand its varying ex-fc pressions. But as superficial observation will show, for instance, that it exists among classes totally ignorant of " letters," exists not as an acquired gift transmitted from a superior class, but as an inherent gift, it is, rather, associated to religious views (as, for example, in the East), and perhaps fostered by certain creeds favourable to it than to that enlightenment we call " education," and which, after all, is but one form of education. For a man who has invented a new and beautiful shape for a wicker basket is surely as educated, or, at least, as cultivated as a man who has learnt to spell a few words. But such is the giddy enthusiasm into which a few generations of popularised reading has thrown us that this small accomplishment—which has proved utterly powerless towards the improvement of a single phase of human life— * It is impossible to point out a single civilisation which was not "artistic" save our own. OF ALL HIGH CLASS DRAPERS - AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN "Douglafrocs" AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" (c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, GOVENT GARDEN, W.G. seems to us the greatest of God-sends. Yet, had we, for instance, been able to teach those who are lured to the hell of mechanical labour how to buy some enjoyment from life with their hours of slavery, we would have done a much more philanthropic deed than to force them to acquire such knowledge as does not necessarily give them bread or pleasure. A prejudice is current that art is a luxury for the rich. Another prejudice has it that art is expressed by the " fine " arts, so called, of painting, sculpture, and music. As they are closely allied, we must deal with both prejudices if we are to deal with either. If art is not for the " poor," it is not necessarily designed for the " rich " only, or is its taste naturally inherent with the latter. Primitive minds are often endowed with the artistic sentiment, as we have already decided, although perhaps unconsciously, for it is the privilege of the intellect to discern, if not to create, art. Moreover, it is the object of these pages to point out that, if luxury without art is an impossibility, art is not as a matter of course luxury. It is, on the contrary, our aim to prove that art is a vital necessity. The prejudice which has limited the so-called " fine " arts to painting, sculpture, and music has its reason, firstly, in the separation of art from life; secondly, in the spirituality which is with justice attributed to music and sought also in painting and sculpture, which, by their apparent freedom of expression, permit the conveyance of ideas and sensibilities bringing them into range with music, the most emotional of arts, and literature, the most comprehensive. But it is not with the popular, limited, and at the same time more luxurious forms of art—the graphic and the plastic—that we can hope to civilise the world. Rather does the exaggerated attention given them tend more than ever to isolate art and sever it from the human heart, which is its natural abiding-place, and failing whose nurture it must perforce perish. Picture-painting and sculpture are, at the same time, the most easily understood (or misunderstood !), and the most inaccessible of mediums. As imitations of nature's forms or as entertaining anecdotes they address themselves to the multitude; but their more secret and subtle qualities escape all but the most educated in these specialities in particular and in the spirit of art in general. They are but a phase of the artistic expression which, in certain cases, may, by reason of the artistic sensibilities they reveal, attain a very high standard, but in no wise the only high expression art assumes. For the artistic aim is, as we have said, the quest after the ideal, or perfection, in all things. It can, therefore, intimately participate with life and bear upon any one of its aspects, upon its concrete as abstract manifestations. We all of us realise that a pleasant or " artistic " environment is favourable to the health and temper. We realise, therefore, that art is an active influence of incommensurable reach and activity. Why, therefore, do we not use it as an instrument for moulding the world according to our civilising ambitions ?* It is easily realised that the smallest artistic sentiment excludes the possibility of sordidness. A poor peasant's home, furnished with a few handmade tables and chests—and what is hand-made * By these words we do not at all imply that "edifying" pictures and Greek sculpture should be forced before the amazed and little interested eyes of our hungry slums, or classical music drummed into their indifferent ears, in the hope that these novelties may keep them from the public-house and gutter. is made also with the heart—where the inmates wear the apparel of their part in society, thereby affirming their pride in it, instead of humility, by imitating the clothes of the rich; we know that such a house cannot be sordid. It is undoubted that primitive man, left to his own resources, is incapable of turning out work of which " cultivated " judgment disapproves. It will not disapprove of it, if only for the reason that, having been produced by that man's hands—therefore, heart or soul—it at once partakes of his life (character, emotions, personality), and, being in some measure a reflection of it—communicating it, as it were—it is thus justified. There is probably no hope for art, art as a sociological factor, as a universal possession, unless everything possible is achieved to revive the manual crafts. We cannot expect to convince the " poor," or even the middle classes, with mere words that art is not necessarily luxury, and that it may be simplicity, for the monetary value of things impresses too effectually and often with too good a reason to be combated; we cannot hope to resuscitate peasant costumes and other lost symbols, for what is dead can be stuffed, but not revived. But what some of us can do is to renovate our own conception of art in its relation to life, and thus widen and to some extent perfect or, rather, complete life by giving it more harmony. And harmony is the only happiness for which we should aim. Muriel Ciolkowska. (To be continued.) "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. THERE was a very full attendance at the meeting (the seventh of the series) on July 17th, when Mrs. Havelock Ellis read a paper on " Eugenics and Ideals." Before the reading of the paper, the chairman (Mr. Charles Granville) made a strong appeal to members of the Circle to exert all their efforts to get fresh subscribers to the freewoman. He gave a short account of the history and financial standing of the paper, emphasising the point that no similar organ exists in England, and indeed in very few places at all outside England. The paper has made an appeal, the circulation has increased in a remarkable way, and it should be a point of honour among all who care for what the paper represents—namely, a courageous attempt to handle, without fear or dishonesty, the most vital human problems—to make efforts, even sacrifices, to maintain it. It is to be hoped this appeal will not be made in vain. Mrs. Havelock Ellis, in opening her paper on " Eugenics and Ideals," said that her subject would appeal to women largely, for " one of the chief points in the great circle of women's progress is for women to realise that in them lies the responsibility for the health and sanity of the nation through their refusal to add to the misery of the world by bringing into it human beings who are badly handicapped even before birth." The whole paper was of much interest to the Circle, especially as it numbers in its ranks some very convinced anti-Eugenists. The paper was followed by a lengthy discussion, answered by Mrs. Havelock Ellis, to whom we offer our thanks for kindly coming to us. It has been suggested, arising out of this meeting, that during next session it would be interesting to get up a debate between a representative of the Eugenics Education Society and an anti-Eugenist, in order to set forth clearly the Eugenist position in general and the opposing attitade. The next meeting of The freewoman Discussion Circle will take place on Wednesday, July 31st, 8 p.m., at Chandos Hall. Mrs. Gallichan will open a discussion on " The Problem of Celibacy." During August there will be no meetings, but these will begin again on September 4th, when Dr. Drysdale will give a paper on * Neo-Malthusianism." Group meetings also will be continued after August. Group Meeting. As was arranged at the last general meeting of the Circle, a small group of the members decided to continue the discussion of the subject of " Sex Oppression and the Way Out" until they had obtained more light on the problems involved, and this continued discussion took place on Wednesday, July 10th, in the studio of Mr. Beresford, by his kind permission. The number present was twenty-eight, and the chair was taken by Mr. Bedborough. Naturally, the discussion was more informal than in the large meetings, but it served to bring out many very valuable expressions of personal opinion and personal experience. This small meeting brought home clearly to all that much which is impossible in the large meetings can be achieved in the sub-groups. It is in the development of local sub-groups that the most useful work of the Circle, probably, can be done. The discussion was not completed at the end of the evening, and it was unanimously decided to adjourn the meeting to Wednesday, July 24th. A suggestion has been sent in for another group discussion, namely, " The Effects of Co-education at School and College upon Sexual Development." If any members of the Circle are wishful to carry out a group discussion on the above topic they are requested to send in their names to the secretary. Suggestions as to place and time of meeting are desirable, and in this connection the secretary wishes to say that a small group will be very welcome to meet at her house, 19, Temple Fortune Hill, Hendon, N.W. (in the Hampstead Garden Suburb). (Accommodation is limited to about a dozen.) Will all new members, on joining the Circle, apply for a copy of the rules? B. low (Acting Secretary). [A synopsis of Mrs. Havelock Ellis' lecture is held over until the next issue.—Ed.] THE FOURTH International Summer School To promote Unity in Religion, Philosophy, and Science, and its expression in all branches of Social Service. To be held at TORQUAY, Aug. 3rd to 17th, 1912. Director: D. N. DUN LOP. PROGRAMME of Lectures, Addresses, Symposia, and Music in preparation. Amongst those already arranged for are- Rev. Dr. K. C. ANDERSON, Of Dundee ; Sir RICHARD STAPLE Y , of the Christo-Theosophical Movement; Professor PATRICK geDDES, of St Andrews University; MABEL COLLIN8 (Mrs. Cook), who will conduct group study on "Lieht on the Path"; Professor a. W. BICKERTON ; W TUDOR-POLE; Prof. R. M. MaclVER ; Mrs. E8THER WINDUST, of Holland ; C. lazenbv, B.A.; PHILIP OYLER, MA.: W. WROBLEWSKI; Madame POQ08KY; Mrs. DESPARD; Rev. W. TUDOR JONES, Ph.D.; Miss DORA MARSDEN, b.a. ; and others. A descriptive Pamphlet and Application Form m~y be obtained from the Secretary, INTERNATIONAL SUMMER SCHOOL, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Early application necessary. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish tetters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the editor—Ed. INTEREST. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam—The matter reprinted from "The Money-Question," by Mr. Arthur Kitson, cannot be looked on as settling this great question in the manner that the author would have his readers adopt. Without attempting to discuss numerous quotations occurring in this extract, there are a few points in Mr. Kitson's arguments which, when analysed, are sufficient to show that his position is quite untenable, and that loans of money at interest are very useful and quite consistent with ethics. It is far from true that loans are not (meaning " never ") made from capital which its owners can use profitably themselves. The rate of interest, like all other prices obtained in free and open markets, is determined by the marginal cost of loans. An enormous volume of capital on loan is composed of an aggregation of little loans, deposits, balances, shares, and stock subscribed with difficulty and self-denial by a host of small, thrifty people, who can only hoard fragments of wealth by painful abstinence, and a good deal more is available because the rate of interest is just sufficient to outweigh the profit which the owners could make by applying it directly to trade. No doubt, a good deal of so-called surplus wealth which the owners can easily spare is invested in loans at interest, but this does not determine the rate per cent, per annum. Just as wealthy mines earning a very big profit on the capital and labour applied to winning the gold do not, on this account, sell it cheaper than the poor mines which can only pay expenses and no profit. Bastiat's oft-quoted example of the loan of a plane and the interest paid with a plank at the end of the year, while it is unquestionably sound, does not, perhaps, bring the fundamental rectitude and utility of interest to the knowledge of the man in the street quite so clearly and so forcibly as some other examples which might be chosen. But it ought to be borne in mind that every case of hirang whatever, such as hiring a cab, or a boat, or a motor-car, contains a positive element of interest paid for the use of a valuable. In many of these cases the lenders, or a number of them, are on the margin where the interest received is barely sufficient to repay the disadvantage of letting the vehicle go out instead of enjoying it oneself. These marginal cases, which are reached by the exigency of demand, determine the rate for the whole mass of loans in the same market. Thus, for example, as trippers and excursionists invade fishing villages, the charges made to them for the hire of boats is largely determined by the profit which the owner might, in the absence of letting the craft to the visitors, have obtained out of it by using it for fishing. If the hiring clashes with the fishing, it must yield at least an equivalent. But for a crucial case it is best to show and to see that interest in marginal cases is a payment for the sacrifice of an opportunity for pleasure on the part of the lender. It is, in fact, a payment for his surrendering a portion of his life to a sort of privation or suffering the loss of some enjoyment for which he may possibly never obtain another similar opportunity. Thus, if one lend his only bicycle on a fine afternoon when one is in specially good health and longing for a ride, and possibly when one has an appointment with a special acquaintance, it is evident that some other pleasure or a sum of money judged capable, in all probability, of affording a recompense in some other way, some other time, will rightly be demanded, and willingly paid by the borrower, if his need and means require and enable him to pay it. In fact, if it could be supposed expedient and right that any loan of a valuable should be made for a period without recompense, there would be no reason why it should not be repeated or continued indefinitely, until at last the lender might die of old age without ever recovering its possession. In such a case it will be seen he virtually gives it to the borrower as a present so far as he (the lender) is concerned, and what applies to an extreme or perfect case of lending applies in proportion to brief, partial cases. While his goods are out at loan, in the possession of borrowers, the owner is growing older. His few opportunities (how short is life after all!) are slipping by under a deprivation of pleasure or profit. To lend an overcoat in winter or a plough in seed-time is to condemn oneself to a loss, and for this one has a right to be paid. The perishable nature of a great part of human wealth does not affect the question at all. The more perishable things, of course, must be speedily sold and consumed, either by direct barter or on credit, if they are to benefit mankind at all. The producer of early strawberries must rush to the market, or lose all his investment. There must be a constant and copious flow of perishables from the farm to the kitchen. But what of it? It may, no doubt, frequently pay the owner or producer of perishables to sell them quickly on credit rather than delay the sale and subject himself to a greater loss than that arising from deferred payment. This is only one of a few exceptional circumstances where interest appears to be voluntarily surrendered, but where, in reality, it can be seen that the lender is repaid in a form of convenience, which is of greater value to him than the interest he forgoes. Thus, for example, every holder of banknotes, postal orders, and other instruments of like nature is a lender without interest to the issuer of the paper, but he may obtain convenience in remitting which will outweigh his loss of interest. But this is no reason why the bulk of the more durable wealth of the world should be lent without a payment for its temporary alienation. Nor is even the fact that the mere storage of gold, iron, wheat, oil, leather, etc., occupies land, buildings, etc., on which rent must be paid, and involves the employment of costly custodians to guard it from home and foreign thieves, sufficient to lead to lending without interest. This may appear very paradoxical, but it is not, after all, so difficult to perceive its reason. Distribution of commodities, as is well known, is a branch of production. More paradoxical than anything yet stated may appear the fact that a commodiousness is not fully nor actually produced until the commodity is in possession of the consumer and is being consumed. This is best illustrated by a commodity like coal What one wants is not coal but warmth, and this is realised only when the coal is being suitably burned. But it applies equally to such a very different commodity as gold. This does not realise its vital value until it is bought and used as a trinket or in some of the other ornamental arts, such as gilding, photography, etc. Hence, as just stated, distribution of commodities is a-branch of the production of pleasure, which is the object of all industry and the subject of all economic inquiry. Fundamentally, distribution and all the benefits of division of labour and exchange of services depends upon personal property in wealth. It may be said, broadly, that unless both of the parties to an exchange have personal property in transferable wealth no exchange can take place. Neither of these properties, however, is in any sense more a tool or medium of exchange than the other. There are, however, many cases subservient to the great process of distribution where one or both of the elements of this process of mutual substitution of two different forms of wealth are not wanted by the buyer for his own direct consumption. In this case it may be said such commodities deviate or wander from the productive stream which would normally flow uninterruptedly from the producer to the consumer. All such purchases are of the class known as speculative, even when they are part of the regular wholesale or retail trade of the world ; and they are not, on this account, unessential or in the slightest degree immoral or blamable. Out of all these multifarious transactions, and out of all the commodities which enter into them, one feature has gradually emerged into prominence with which modern life and trade is so familiar that its true significance is largely distorted and misapprehended. In every market some one commodity becomes recognised as more saleable than any of the others. It need not necessarily be far more saleable than the commodity nearest to it, but if it be a little more saleable its preeminence becomes recognised and it falls into a class apart from all the rest, as the winner of a race is in a distinct category from the second best, although the difference in their speed may be a very small percentage. This commodity becomes money. The monetary value of other commodities is called their price. Selling money is called buying. Delivering money is called paying, and in a host of ways a new and special nomenclature is formed around this one commodity, which has the effect of confusing enquirers and establishing a mass of mysteries and fallacies about a comparatively simple operation. In most cases money consists of a very durable commodity, and one, the production and consumption of which is liable to less fluctuation than those of many other commodities. In fact, this is one of the necessarily inherent characteristics of the supreme saleable. But, notwithstanding its small fluctuation in both production and consumption, there are some more or less sudden and some gradual variances. On this account, it is desirable that a large stock of the monetary commodities, as of all other commodities, should be held to diminish the intensity of gluts and dearths of this special or of other commodities, because value is necessarily a relative attribute, varying not only with the commodity itself, but with that of every other commodity for which it may at any time be exchanged in commerce. The maintenance of this stock of gold in coin or bullion (gold being now the supreme saleable) is beneficial to the world as a whole, notwithstanding the cost of holding it. In the majority of exchanges both the parties obtain a profit. That which one buys is more valuable to this party than that which he sells. When satiety is reached, the commodities are of equal value to both parties. The differences are the motive power of exchange. Each party buys in a cheaper and sells in a dearer market than his own. In order to produce commodities or to distribute goods usefully and economically it is necessary to have tools, materials, labour, or goods at one's disposal, and for all these, if hired or obtained on credit, something more must be paid than if an outright and complete swap or barter were effected at the moment the bargain was struck. The convertibility of one form of wealth for another by exchange makes it a matter of comparative indifference whether one borrows or hires an implement or its price ; whether one stocks a warehouse with goods purchased on credit at a somewhat higher price or borrows gold at interest and then buys the goods at the best ready-money prices. Many of Mr. Kitson's assertions are quite erroneous. Thus, he states that there is a universal struggle on the part of wealth-producers to put bv so much capital as will enable them to live on the interest without working. This is very far from correct. This thrift is not at all universal. There are countless spendthrifts, both rich and poor, who dissipate their wealth and diminish the store of the human race by spending their income as fast or faster The poetry Review for AUGUST will contain a Complete Survey of Contemporary French Poetry by F. S. FLINT. Copies may be obtained through booksellers, price Sixpence, or from the publishers, Sevenpence post free; Annual Subscription Tibe Shillings post free to all countries. Editorial Offices: 93, CHANCERY LANE. The St. Catherine Press, 34, NORFOLK STREET, STRAND, W.C. than it comes in. This was fully recognised by the early economists, though it is the fashion now to assume that the temptations to prodigality are generally mastered. If it were otherwise, or even if a sufficiently numerous section of the community continue to save and hoard, the result would and possibly will be (as Mr. Levy claims in his outcome of Individualism) that interest may fall to zero, or even to a negative quantity. But so long as interest does continue to be paid it is a proof that the demand of the borrowers exceeds the supply of the possible lenders, and that there is a margin of owners of wealth who would sooner hold or spend it than lend it for nothing or less. No doubt, if interest continues to fall, it will be necessary for the thrifty to be still more thrifty if they wish to be assured of support in their later years when the power to work has declined or when the irksome necessity of labour and the desire for leisure has become paramount. This eventuality, however, while conceivable and worthy of recognition in debate, seems highly improbable. To confine our attention to perishable commodities is both absurd and unavailing. If there were no durable commodities known, still the phenomenon of interest would be much the same as it is now. A loan of milk or fish would involve the very same set of competing demands and supplies as the loan of gold or of ploughs, looms and lathes. It is erroneous to suppose that it is owing to law that wealth is immortalised by debts and rates. It is well known that insecurity increases the rate of interest, and that honesty and general trustworthiness diminish it. Those who perpetuate their own liability can borrow cheaper than such as would argue like Mr. Kitson or would repudiate. If a banker lends ,£5,000 for six months on security of a mortgage on ,£10,000 worth of property, it is not right to say that he incurs no risk. He risks being unable to lend similarly to another sound borrower who may call at his office the following day. Another mistake is made in asserting that it is due to special legislation that the demand for loans is in excess of the supply. Borrowers ask for gold and bargain to repay it. So long as gold is the supreme saleable this is inevitable. Borrowers know that gold will serve their present purpose in a way which nothing else will, and they know they can borrow cheaper on a simple gold clause for payment of interest and principal than under any sort of bimetallic or other duplex or any other complex terms. Gold has such explosive saleability that, of course, it liquidates or fluidises all other forms of wealth to exchange them for gold. But this, owing to their lesser saleability, is a tardy process, which can only be accelerated at some loss. Mr. Kitson repeats in all moods and tenses his mistake that gold debts are creatures of law. The fact is that the Governments of the world are themselves forced by the supreme saleability of gold to adopt it in borrowing and in paying. It is especially absurd to claim that the debtor classes are all rushing into bankruptcy. Interest and loans perform a very useful function. Every contract is a sort of debt, and security of contracts is a measure of civilisation, while the multiplicity of the contracts is, in a very true sense, an index of prosperity. T , Greevz Fysher. July 16th, 1912. [Mr. Kitson will, doubtless, reply to this letter. If we may make a criticism in advance, we should say that our correspondent confuses and confounds two things which are different in Economics and different in Morals, i.e., (1) the exchange of commodities for convenience, or even courtesy, and (2) the hoarding up of " money " (not to any great extent of "wealth," because wealth, by nature, is inimical to hoarding) in order to create a fictitious value with a view to hiring money out at a profit. The first is obviously a right, sensible thing, compatible with decent morals; the second is a trick, and a nasty one, rightly obnoxious to the spirit of living religions. . In bringing out this distinction in his work on "The Money Question," Mr. Kitson has done humanity a ser-vioe. When the people understand it, they will make very short shrift of the money-thrall.—Ed.] GROUND-RENT. Madam—In your "Topics" (No. 31), it seems to me you magnify the task of the workers in getting possession of the wealth they have created. Do you forget that the enemy is supported by laws, which by repealing will leave him helpless? What you call "capital" is merely legal privilege, mainly monopoly. In the case of an epidemic, you would not urge a vaguely defined crusade against disease ; you would advocate the specific sanitary measure from which health would result. Poverty exists not because monopolists are greedy, but because the law aids their greed. The fight, therefore, is not against the monopolists, but against the law ; or, rather, against the specific law which fattens greed, this being the private appropriation of ground rent. Interest and ground rent are unavoidable factors of private ownership. Communism only can eliminate them. Abolish land ownership, still rent will remain, and the occupier will enjoy an advantage over his fellows by reason of the superior productive power of the best sites. Interest is derived from the productive power of capital. If the product belongs to the producer, then the wages of capital (interest) belongs* to the producer of the capital. If capital now belongs to a non-producing class, it is because privilege has so placed it, not because interest is unjust. With rent as a public fund, and wages and interest in the hands of producers, poverty disappears. July 6th, 1912. C. F. HUNT. [Ground-rent is only one factor, and not now even the main one, in the maintenance of the capitalist system. What began with the appropriation of the land, and the consequent imposition of ground-rent, has ended in the appropriation of all wealth and the imposition of rent, in the shape of interest, which is levied universally for the meagre use of it.—Ed.] @ 9 © CHILD-MARRIAGES. Madam,—With all that Miss Kathlyn Oliver says in deprecation of child-marriages in her letter headed " A Woman's Point of View " I find myself in perfect agreement. Repeatedly, while reading her remarks, I was moved to admiration of the trenchant language, the flawless logic, and the unflinching courage with which she trounced the man of straw whom she has set up and calls by my name. It is true that subsequent reflection suggested that my high estimate of the merits of her performance perhaps needed modification. It is, after all, not a difficult task dialectically to demolish a man of straw ; for you may attribute to him what opinions you please. Moreover, the process of demolition leaves the real man, who happens (by some coincidence) to bear the same name as the man of straw, unhurt and smiling. If you ask me whether I can detect any resemblance between my own opinions on child-marriage and those attributed by Miss Oliver to the man of straw, I am bound to reply in the negative. I wish to make that reply with all the emphasis which I have at command, in the hope that some faint echo of the emphasis of my repudiation may reach Miss Oliver, even through the medium of cold print. I invite Miss Oliver to quote from my article a single sentence which can, by any fair method of interpretation, be construed into an advocacy of child-marriage. She will not find it. It is not there. It is, of course, true that there is a great outburst of premature sexual energy at puberty, not only in boys but in normal girls. The fact that this energy cannot (for the reasons stated by Miss Oliver) be utilised for its normal purpose at puberty has attracted the attention of Professor Metchnikoff, who deals with the subject in his book, " The Nature of Man." Metchnikoff reckons it among the " natural disharmonies" with which mankind is afflioted that eugenic considerations should render undesirable the exercise of sexual power when it first appears. It is, surely, also to be reckoned an " artificial disharmony " that, at the period at which sexual power is at its height, men and women are generally, and to an increasing extent, economically debarred from using it in marriage. The first of these disharmonies being natural, no attempt to remove it can be successful. But, in my opinion, the wihole force of sex-reform should be concentrated on an attempt to remove the second. One thing is certain, if some form of marriage is not made available for young men at the height of their sexual powers, and for young women at the age at which they can safely bear children, then the evils which we at present deplore (or ignore, as the case may be) will continue. These evils include the 37,000 illegitimate births (4 per cent, of the total) registered annually in England; the existence in every great city of a horde of prostitutes, outcasts from society, who avenge themselves by inflicting upon it syphilis, insanity, and suicide; and all the incidental results of these two prime facts. The question is how it can be made economically possible for young people to marry early. Early marriage is, in my opinion, vitally important; the precise nature of the domestic arrangements to be adopted is not. I did, indeed, suggest that economically independent people might marry without making any change in their mode of living; but it was intended as a suggestion, not as a dogma. Miss Oliver tells us that she felt " a serious desire to marry" at twenty^three. How many men are able to marry at twenty-three ? The average age is twenty-nine. Miss Oliver pleads for self-restraint in men. In other words, she wants to change human nature. Now, I am oontent with human nature as it is. I think that if our social and economic institutions were overhauled, human nature as it is could be trusted to pull through without making much mess. In any case, such a belief must be adopted, provisionally at least, by the social reformer. Finally, I am asked to explain my " strange and very inconsistent desire " (inconsistent with what ?) for the legal tie in marriage. In reply, I select a sentence from another part of Miss Oliver's letter, " Figures concerning illegitimacy are, surely, enough to prove the indifference of men to the result of the sexual act." Exactly. Until motherhood is endowed under Socialism, I approve the law which makes men legally responsible for the results of their acts. Miss Oliver's ideal of free-love, providing that her sex paid her the supreme compliment of acting on it universally, would create a condition of universal illegitimacy ; and men who took advantage of the opportunity to change their minds, choose again, and desert their families, would be acting in accordance with the strict principles of free-love. These things have been said a thousand times. The only possible answer to them has been given by our Editor, who has advised Free-women to burn their boats and boldly accept responsibility for the support of themselves and, if necessary, of their children. Even then the position will be difficult— very difficult. It is one thing to accept responsibility, and quite another to carry out one's undertaking in a world run by capitalist employers, who maintain an overcrowded labour market on strict " moral" principles. From Miss Oliver's passionate protest against "this cold-blooded attempt to rob our girls of their natural right, their girlhood, and to inflict on them wifehood and motherhood," I gather that she imagines I have advocated the compulsory marrying-off of girls. If so, she is mistaken. Marriage will, so far as I am concerned, still be voluntary, as before. It appears to be necessary to explain this. One word more, and I have done. Miss Oliver, in her letter, referred to a private correspondence with me, in which I am supposed to have advocated child-marriage. I hate boring your readers with personal matters, but I owe it to myself not to permit a misrepresentation to pass unnoticed. In the House of Commons there is a well-known and salutary rule of debate which requires any member quoting from a document to lay that document on the table, if desired. Now, the correspondence to which Miss Oliver refers cannot be laid on the table, and, that being so, I think it would have been better not to have referred to it. But, if it still exists, Miss Oliver is at liberty to search in it for proof of my advocacy of child-marriages. She will not find it. It is not there. July 12th, 1912. R. G. FLETCHER Woods. © © © DIVORCE AND THE MARRIAGE CONTRACT. Madam,—When I drew the attention of The Free-woman's readers to the divorce reform movement, I did not for a moment wish to imply approval of the institution of marriage as it has existed in history, nor of the present conditions of the marriage contract. It never occurred to me that this conclusion could be drawn from my remarks, which, however, were evidently far from clear. I think, however, that we should not endeavour to forcibly impose our own ideas and standards upon others, and that we should not lose sight of the fact that the majority of our fellow men and women aTe not Freemen and Freewomen, as Mr. Fletoher Woods pertinently remarked in his able essay on the reform of marriage. Our personal honour and integrity in upholding what we believe to be right, in word and deed, surely need not blind us to the sufferings of others. And is direct frontal attack the only method open to good generalship ? though I admit at once that I share the Editor's prefer- LADIES BLANCHARD'S APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments, and they cpeedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate the suffering. 'BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women. 1/1 per box, of BOOTS' and all Chemists; or post free from LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd., 34, Dalston Lane, LONDON for " Forward, Charge I" to sapping and mining operations. F D Stella Browne. July 20th, 1912. [The divorce reference was not in reply to Miss Browne's letter. It was in answer to a private correspondent, who put forward the view that there was no necessity to attack the marriage contract as long as there was a reasonable hope of easier facilities for divorce being granted.—Ed.] MR. McKENNA AND FORCIBLE FEEDING. Madam,—In his original letter Mr. Norman said that the rank-and-file suffragist prisoners had given no such undertakings as had been asked from the leaders. I pointed out that they had not done so because they had not been given the opportunity. Mr. Norman now states that since the women were invited to give certain undertakings at the Sessions, and refused, they had an equal opportunity with the leaders. But the opportunity is not equal if the undertakings demanded are different. The leaders were asked to give an undertaking not to incite to illegal acts while in prison ; the rank and file were asked to undertake to be non-milikant for twelve months out of prison. Also, it must not be forgotten that, at the trial, Mr. Justice Coleridge demanded from the leaders an undertaking not to repeat their incitement to illegality, and it was Mr. McKenna who asked the judge to accept an undertaking not to do so while in prison. That is, Mr. McKenna suggests easier terms for the leaders ; he treats the people guilty of the graver offence with greater leniency than those guilty of the lesser offence. Yet Mr. Norman asserts that the Home Secretary is administering the law impartially and justly, and that he " cannot see how otherwise Mr. McKenna could have acted." July 20th, 1912. A. M. Bain. IDEAS OR NO IDEAS? Madam,—As one interested in the controversy between yourself and Miss Willcocks, it seems to me that when Miss Willcocks writes of your fear and that of Mrs. Humphry Ward (I wish she .had included Miss Royden's), and then explains that it is " our part to guide " the great evolutionary force in the heart of women, is she not also being dominated by the fear that unguided woman may make a mess of her evolution? When you fall upon all Suffragists with scathing criticism because, in some particular incident, they have not acted as you consider people with ideas and philosophy should act, where is your sense of liberty and love of freedom? If woman is to work out her own salvation in evolution, it is only fear which suggests she must be "guided,"and if she is " free," then she has learnt the lesson which alone gives the hall-mark of freedom—" toleration "—even if called upon to " suffer fools gladly." Intolerant criticism should have no place in the programme of a Freewoman. N. O'Shea [We think there is no antagonism between a " sense of liberty" and "scathing criticism." We are all free to be as scathing as we please. The only bridle on a person's criticism is whether it is truthful and whether it is likely to hurt freedom. The article in question, which was a short one, and which, without much loss to the constructive side of The Freewoman, might have been a column and a ihalf shorter, was truthful enough according to appearance, but whether it will have any (helpful results is another matter. We have to remember, if we can, that even Aaron's rod blossomed, and it is small help to faith to insist on the fact that the rod is slow at sprouting ; whereas faith itself may succeed in working the miracle. Miss Willcocks, we feel, replied to the temper rather than to the substance of our remarks. We put it to our correspondent that a fighting criticism, even a scathing one, is a very good tonic. It is depressed criticism which is barely worth while, and which is far worse than fear, intolerance, and scathing attack.—ED.] ® @ ® "THE IDEA OF GOD." Madam,—If " the idea of God " as expressed by your correspondent, M. Small, could be universally accepted, there would be no need for explanations and arguments on the meaning of Divinity. Is it not true for all the prophets of humanity whose spiritual genius is in advance of their age that they must, in one way or another, be crucified by the orthodox and the ignorant ? And is it not due to the fact that the world has always refused to accept simple ideas concerning " the Christ that has led to religrious wars, priests, and " churches " ? I quite agree with your correspondent as to the pity of complicating matters. Surely it would be hard to find a higher idea or (_rod than that taught by the Man who "went about doing good." If this is materialism, I am proud to be called a Materialist. A Bystander. ["To do good," adopted as a motto, is neither materialism nor anything else. It is mere vagueness. The fact is that " good " is a relative term, and to define " good" one has to go a long way, right through morals up to religion. Good has to define itself in relation to its authority. " Good for what?" is the question, and in relation to the broad issue of life itself it ,is a question which can only be answered in the light of religion. There is little (to be gained by quarrelling with life because it is complex. We do not make at less complex merely by ignoring its complexities. We merely deceive ourselves with a false, if easy simplicity. To us, to say a per: son " went about doing good " is wholly without meaning. What kind of good? Why did he adopt that kind? What did he hold it was good for ? What were his ideas about life? When such questions are answered, we consider a statement has been made. " He went about doing good " is not a statement worth making. It is the easy jargon used by slack minds, negligible for serious students.—Ed.] " © © © "WHAT IS JUSTICE?" Madam,—Your correspondent, S. E. Hadden, wishes me to agree that justice is another name for expediency. On the contrary, I should say that there were few things more inexpedient than justice, properly so-called. Justice regards all the claims of expediency with suspicion, and some of them—notably the " deterrent " idea—with abhorrence. Justice is, to be perfectly frank, an expensive luxury ; too expensive to be indulged in at all freely by a civilisation which means to escape disintegration. But then, iare not all ideals expensive and inexpedient? But if by justice your correspondent denotes the will to punishment, symbolised by the woman with the sword and the iscales, I cordially agree that her title is Expediency ; and that it is high time that she were dethroned and disarmed, or, at any rate, that the bandage were removed from iher eyes. Charles J. Whitby. July 2ISt, IQI2. WHAT? WHITHER? Madam,—In the number of The Freewoman issued on July i ith there were some interesting remarks on " Spinsters and Art" by Miss Rebecca West. She tells us that " spinsters are sentimentalists, and therefore, incapable of art." If this is the case, and only wives and mothers can become artists, in future, instead of sending our girls to studios, conservatoires of music, or making them familiar with the masterpieces of literature, we should first see to it that they become mothers. If motherhood is the necessary qualification for the artist, one's brain reels at the thought of the stupendous works of art that must be produced by a mother of, say, twelve or more! Of unmarried mothers, we know a large proportion are feeble-minded, but, of course, they would not be "incapable of art," like the spinster, so presumably, we must owe many works of art to them. In all books written by spinsters, we are told, " all men are drawn like strong gods. The writer gives, as an instance, Mr. Rochester, calling him at the same time a "noble gorilla." "A strong god" and "a noble gorilla/' surely rather a weird blend. It has been usually considered that Jane Austen was something of an artist. Is there anything very strong or godlike in Mr. Collins, to give only one exampile? There is a saying, and a very true one, that "artists THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed : 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.G. Telegram* to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders; etc, made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN' SWIFT and CO.. LTFX, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.G. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription:—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months. 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THB FREE WOMAN. 16, King Street, Coreat Garden, London, W.C. are born, not made." The artist declares itself at an age when at least most women are spinsters ; roughly speaking, from four years old to eighteen, seldom later. It is somewhat surprising to find these remarks in a modern feminist journal. They seem, rather, to belong to the Early Victorian age, when jeers at the spinster and the mother-in-law were mistaken for wit. There seems scarcely any choice left for a woman. Her line of action is becoming narrower week by week, until really she is between the devil and the deep sea. If she remains a spinster, she is a sentimentalist, incapable of art and useless ; if she marries, she enters into an immoral contract. In order to meet with the entire approval of The Freewoman, there seems only one course open to her : to become an unmarried mother, and this Nature may deny her. A Disappointed Reader. [This would be hard luck! —Ed.] "SPINSTERS AND ART." Madam,—Will you allow me space to utter one or two exhortations to Rebecca We9t, into which I am driven by the review entitled " Spinsters and Art," in the issue of July nth? I had hoped that someone better fitted than myself would take up the matter. I will not go into the criticisms of the books actually reviewed (I have only read one of the three, "The Spinster," by Hubert Wales), but I will deal with the following paragraph : " This spinster conception of man has had its ill effect on literature. Consider how many books are written by spinsters, how many more for spinsters. In all these men are drawn as strong gods. Even in Charlotte Bronte this is apparent. Her men are marred by a perpetual dignity. A married woman would not have believed in Mr. Rochester for one minute. . . . It would be a great thing for a woman to do as much for one man as Meredith did for all his women." Now this is an almost ludicrous piece of criticism. I say, without any fear of contradiction from tftOse competent to judge, that never in literature have we been given such real men as nearly all Charlotte Bronte's masculine characters, and I challenge Rebecca West to analyse them {e.g., Rochester, Dr. John, the Professor in " Villette," Louis Moore—I except Robert) and prove that they are unreal to life. But I have serious doubts as to whether your reviewer can have read these novels, when she writes : " Her men are marred by a perpetual dignity." Shades of Dr. John and the Professor, where is your " perpetual dignity" to be perceived ! Dr. John, that exquisitely subtle portrait of a type which is one of the most difficult in the world to analyse and set forth convincingly, to be accused of " perpetual dignity " ! This is as funny, though less obviously so, as the bringing of the same charge against our beloved, versatile, capricious Professor, with the soul of a Bayard, an intellectual, a mystic, a schoolboy, and a tiresome girl-child combined! Again, we have: "A married woman would not have believed in Rochester for one minute." Well, what of that? It was not a married woman who was dealing with Rochester, but the mind and heart of a young girl. Rebecca West has missed the point entirely—though I should maintain that every one of us, in any condition, would have "believed in" Rochester—that is, we should be magnetised by his personality. Lastly, I come to the concluding statement from my quotation : " It would be a great thing for a woman to do as much for one man as Meredith did for all his women." My comment on that : In this remark is the very sign and symbol of that " spinster attitude" (if really there is such a thing) which Rebecca West is decrying.  X. A CRITIC. Madam,—Having been an admirer and supporter of The Freewoman since the publication of the first number, I take it upon myself, though a mere man, to place before you a few views that may tend to make the paper what we all desire, a permanent success ; and the first step in this direction is to do all that is in one's power to make it pay. Although a man of war by trade, I have some firsthand knowledge of journalistic enterprise, and know that few periodicals are run on their circulation alone, but are helped by their advertisements. Let us all, then, lose no opportunity of calling attention to the merits of The Freewoman as an advertising medium, and so shall many shekels come into your coffers. Amid all the stirring up of new ideas consequent on the publication of a journal on such daring lines, one point seems to psesent itself above all others. It is the minimising of love as a driving force. Much of the space in your correspondence columns is filled by letters from chaste virgins, evidently of a certain age, who dogmatise on sexual matters concerning which they are not well informed, and their deductions at times tend to become ludicrous. A phrase in a recent issue depicts the smart young married woman of to-day as being " kept" for the sexual satisfaction of her husband. This is no more true than to say that the impecunious nobleman who marries the Yankee millionairess is " kept" by her for her own pleasure. Love draws individuals of different sex together and keeps them united, and economic considerations have, for the most part, but little to do with the cause of the relationship. In reality, the women of to-day and of all time may be divided into two sections: those who have a strong sex appetite and others who have practically none at all. These latter should, if they are to be happy, remain single ; but too often they go through the form of legal matrimony, and in the end revolt and are revolted by their husbands, who, for the most part, seek satisfaction with others of a more sympathetic temperament, and this is one of the chief causes of prostitution, which is also encouraged by the growing extravagance of modern maidens, and which makes union with them a luxury only to be indulged in by the well-to-do. Marriage nowadays is an expensive adventure. It is, however, through the influence of papers like your own that the great feminist movement may be guided along sound lines of advance. May I suggest that, in order that we may get to know each other better, you should establish a column for those seeking correspondents and friends ? We would then have opportunities of airing our views to one another, and perhaps help to dissipate many of the misunderstandings that now vex our souls. A Soldier. [We feel that our correspondent is scarcely giving us our due in his estimate of our appreciation of the force of love as a driving-power. We might have been led to believe ourselves slightly culpable had he accused us of attempting to gild the gold and paint the lily in this respect. We should say love will always draw .people together, contract or no contract ; but love has nothing to do witih (the nature of the marriage contract. When love is brought rudely face to face with it, it is offended by it rather than otherwise. The suggestion regarding advertisements is admirable and very welcome. Are the Discussion Circles inadequate to fill the need for mental mist-clearing?—Ed.] SELF-ABUSE AND INSANITY. Madam,—Your correspondent " P. T. T." speaks of *' the innumerable cases in which self-abuse has led to insanity." This cannot, evidently, be scientifically proved, for Professor Forel, the most determined seeker after truth in sex-matters, scoffs at the idea, and calls it " a scarecrow that has been set up." That masturbation is sometimes found in an acute and constant form among insane persons does not prove it to be a cause, but rather a result, or at most a symptom, of mental derangement. The worst that a woman-doctor, writing very strongly against the habit as practised by women, can say is that "in some extreme cases it can lead to insanity." The harm produced by prostitution, on the other hand, is not confined to extreme and isolated cases. It is a certain nemesis which falls, not only on thousands of willing prostitutes, who suffer and die from vile and terrible diseases, but also on perfectly innocent and unconscious persons—the wives and children of men who avail themselves, perhaps only occasionally, of the means of prostitution. And, allowing even for a distant menace of insanity, I return to my former proposition—that it is better for men even to drive themselves insane by their vices and be locked up than for them to contribute to the disease, degradation, and outlawry of other people. But that neither I nor my authority should be accused of " recommending" any form of sexual abuse, I quote the following from Dr.' Forel's pamphlet on " Sexual Morality": "From what has gone before, I in no way wish it to be gathered that every human being should vield, at his guise, to his sexual desires. This radically false interpretation of free-marriage and free-love is, unfortunately, too often met with to-day, and cannot be opposed with too much energy. . . . We insist on the fact that the highest liberty of man consists in his dominion over himself. Only that man is truly free who has become the master of his lower instincts." And, as the summing-up of his whole contention, the writer gives, in italics, as the commandment of sexual ethics:— "Thou shalt not, by thy sexual appetite, by its diffusion throughout thy whole soul, and especially bv thy sexual acts, do harm to any human being, nor, above all, to humanity ; thou shalt, on the contrary, strive with all thy power to raise the present and future value of those acts." E. M. Watson. AN OPEN LETTER TO W. C. ANDERSON (CHAIRMAN OF THE I.L.P.). In reply to his article upon " The Attitude of the Independent Labour Party towards the Woman's Move-ment."—"Labour Leader," July nth, 1912. Sir,—You said in your article last week that " The Independent Labour Party during its twenty years of life has been steadfast in its loyalty to the woman's cause." You quote the National Administrative Council's reports of I.L.P. conferences since the birth of the party. You prove from these 'that from the beginning the woman's movement towards enfranchisement has received from the I.L.P. the utmost encouragement—at least at I.L.P. conferences. You say, with truth, that " in the last twenty years few movements have made more rapid strides than that for the freedom and enfranchisement of women." And the party is congratulated that it has always stood for the full enfranchisement of women. Oratorically—especially at conferences—it always has. A few of its Parliamentary members have been among the women's best supporters. What I want to ask is, what has been the attitude of the mass of I.L.P.-ers— the rank and file who compose your movement? I assert that 95 per cent, of them have not stirred a hand to help the women in their direst need. Through the years of bitter struggle, fighting down the opposition of the masses and the classes, boycotted and scoffed at by the Press, excluded and expelled from responsible minister's political meetings, imprisoned upon slight pretexts; while in an appalling minority fighting their battle, unequipped and without organisation, the women fought alone, without the aid of your members or your branches. I speak from experience, and anyone who has known the inside of the Socialist and the Women's Movements will endorse this. In big towns, where your organised members numbered hundreds, the members who would help the woman's cause could be numbered upon one hand. When the women were excluded from meetings it was a rarity to have their questions voiced by men. When women were sent to prison, the party made no serious protest. The horrible hunger strike is now rather old, but the realisation of what it is and what it involves has only quite recently dawned upon the I.L.P. consciousness. I suggest, sir, the I.L.P. has talked about woman's emancipation, but this is hardly a reason for self-congratulation. What have its many members and innumerable branches done? If the anxiety of the I.L.P. to claim credit for friendship to the Woman's Movement is a sign of an awakening activity in this direction, it is a good thing ; for there is a lot of apathy to atone for, which will be done far more effectively by earnest individual efforts towards women's emancipation than by congratulatory articles upon an oratorical past, which delude only those who do not know. R. Charles Price. Mr. Edmund d'Auvergne, in a communication which arrived too late for insertion in this issue, points out that we omitted to give his address at the close of his appeal for joint action in relation to the problem of "Illegitimacy." It is as follows: 2, Holly Mansions, Fortune Green Road, West Hampstead, N. Also, Dr. Helene Stocker asks us to mention the fact that Mr. H. G. Wells and Mr. G. Bernard Shaw have already signed the " Aufruf " in this connection.—Ed. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get oniy from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations ; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to lave easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for Is. 2d. DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMANN Sixth Edition 6s With a Preface by JOHN MASEF1ELD IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD Third Edition 6s LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. WHARTON GILL Third Edition 6s AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY By COUNTESS RUSSELL 6s LADY ERMYNTRUDE AND THE PLUMBER By PERCY FENDALL 6s THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By MAY FORD 6s SOME NEIGHBOURS By CHARLES GRANVILLE Second Edition 6s A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS 6s THE RACE OF CIRCUMSTANCE By H. R. CAMPDELL 6s THE DARKSOME MAIDS OF BAGLEERE By WILLIAM H. KERSEY 6s THE CONSIDINE LUCK By H. A. HINCKSON 6s SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE 6s THE CONFESSION OF A FOOL By AUGUST STRINDHERG 6s SWIFT'S SOCIAL AND POLITICAL SERIES THE PARTY SYSTEM By fflLAIRE BELLOC and CECIL CHESTERTON net 3s 6d TORY DEMOCRACY By J. M. KENNEDY net 3s 6d FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON net 3s 6d IRISH HOME RULE By S. G. HODSON net 3s 6d THE DOCTOR AND HIS WORK By CHARLES J. WHITBY, M.D. net 3s 6d Printed by Hajelu Watson and  Vihky. Ld.. 4-8. Kirby Street. Hatton Garden, London, E.C.: and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office. 16. King Street. Covent Garden. London. W.C.