The Crisis . RICHMOND, VIRGINIA, NUMBER The CRISIS Vol. 13 No. 3 JANUARY, 1917 Whole No. 75 ^-Photograph by George W. Brown ONE DOLLAR A YEAR i TEN. CENTS A COPY Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, New Y'ork National Pre-ident MOORFIELD STOREY, Boston REV. JOHN* HAYNES HOLMES. New Y'ork Chairman of the Board of Directors JOHN E. MILHOLLAND. New Y'ork DR. J. E. SPINGARN, New York ARCHIBALD H. GRIMK6. Washington Director of Publications and Research MARY WHITE OVIXGTON. Brooklyn DR. \Y. E. B. DU BOIS, New Y'ork REV. G. R. WALLER, Springfield, Mass. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD DIRECTORS ROY NASH Treasurer Secretary Chicago Brooklyn New York DR. V. MORTON JONES JANE ADDAMS REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY DR. O. M. WALLER MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY New Haven PAUL KEXNADAY Boston GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD ARTHUR B. SPINGARN BUTLER R. WILSON Philadelphia CHARLES H. STUDIN DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR Baltimore DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL BISHOP JOHN HURST Washington LILLIAN D. WALD DR. F. N. CARDOZO PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The present exodus of Negro labor from the South offers the chance of a generation for bettering the status of colored people throughout America. To take advantage of the situation requires two additional financial burdens for 1917: a national organizer to take charge of the field work; and a trained newspaper writer who will tackle the very difficult task of getting the facts of the Negro's problems into the daily press. We need $5000. Can we put you down for five? Date 1917. j MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paving two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON YILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street . . . . City and State Mention THE Crisis THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for January, 1917 PICTURES COVER. The Mechanics' Savings Bank of Richmond, Virginia. Photo graph by George E. Brown. MEN OF RICHMOND 128 COLORED RICHMOND 130-131 ARTICLES CENSORSHIP. By the late Inez Milholland 116 MAMMY. A Story. By Adeline F. Ries 117 EBON MAID AND GIRL OF MINE. A Poem. By Lucian B. Watkins. . . 118 THE LATE WILLIAM A. HUNTON 119 COLORED RICHMOND 124 MEN OF RICHMOND , 127 THE FINAL STRAIN. A Poem. By G. Douglas Johnson 132 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL Ill NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 120 THE OUTER POCKET 122 THE LOOKING GLASS 133 THE HORIZON 140 HAPPY NEW YEAR to you—readers and subscribers and loyal friends of THE CRISIS magazine. The success of THE CRISIS during these six years of its existence is due in large part to the continued support and hearty co-operation which you have given us. Eor the year 1917? Well, we want to make it the best year yet. In spirit and tone of the magazine we shall keep to the usual high standard. In news notes, articles and pictures we shall endeavor to be instructive anrl helpful. In service wc shall be always on the alert to do our best. And on to the 50,000! TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks* notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the P*st Office at New York, N. Y. 108 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER jiiiiiuiiiuiiiuiiiimiuiiiiiiimiiiimimniimiiiinimiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii TL'TTBUlBnilSj The NATIONA L TRAININ G SCHOO L "/ cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H . PAEKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. School Term Opened Oct. 4, 1916 For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. fTiinnmninimiimimiimiiiminnimnimiiminNimiimiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiNijraiimiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiim THE AGRICULTURAL AND TECHNICAL COLLEGE (Formerly A. &amp; M. College) Fall Term began September 1, 1916. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Maintained by the Governments of the United States and of North Carolina. Short courses. Courses leading to the degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. Write today for catalog. Address: PRESIDENT DUDLEY A.	 &amp; T. College Greensboro, N. C. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The entrance fee is $7. Fall term opened September 16, 1916. For full information, write to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, CA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following de partments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 21,1916 For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of .the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. The Colored Teacher A Practical Educational Journal containing A Department of Methods and Practical Helps for Teachers; a Department of Rural Education; and a Department of Current Educational News, conducted by the best trained teachers; besides Editorials, etc. $1.00 per year, 10 cents per copy. Agents wanted. Address The Colored Teacher, Box 22, Wilberforce, Ohio. v C a£enc teachers ^ ^ y furnishes the • Hi/*V&gt;M*J-*1*J connecting medium in a busi ness way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Mary land, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Caro lina. Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tenressee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. See the Selected List on Books? the Back Cover ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, ALL live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILE Y UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Qass by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. STRONGEST MUSIC DEPARTMENT IN THE WEST M. W. DOG AN. President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer IN Negro music. Special study IN Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. *High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began Sept. 28th, 1916. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention TH I CVTRTR 110 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Stenography 	Typewriting Book-keeping THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1.	 Short Courses in Typewriting 2.	 Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3.	 Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping W e	 typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills ; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, PRESIDENT 1227 SO. 17TH STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. ^'i e SHORTHAN D standard system easily mas *ri"l» I nnlll/ \ERED by our method. You write business letters the sixth lesson. Complete course of 20 lessons. Pay '.OI each proup when you are ready for them. Send ?3.00 TODAY for enrollment andfirst lessons. Get started NOW. Sample lesson—fifty cents. PITMANIC INSTITUTE 4277 Cote Brilliants,	 St. Louis, Mo. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. BRIDGES SYSTEM. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. 448 E. 35th St. Chicago. 111. LEARN THE S. T. TAYLOR SYSTEM of Garment Cutting, Fitting, Designing, Draping, Embroidery, Hand Decoration of Garments, Dressmaking and Ladies' Tailoring. Terms reasonable. Write for Catalog. S. T. TAYLOR SCHOOL AND PATTERN PARLORS Mrs. Maybel B. Evans, PRIN. 34 N. Garfield Avenue Columbus, O. TEACHERS —Science, Music, Mathematics. Wanted Teachers Rural Schools—Virginia—$30.00. Brick masonry, industrial school, $40.00—expenses. Standard Teachers' Agency Established 1897 1011 New Yor k Avenue Washington, D. C. Mail Order Dealers Let the Sell valuable instruction systems by cut price cou -	4 iii 1 pon under Money Back Guarantee. Big MARGIN. Coupon Plan Small Selling Expense. Complete Plan, Sample Increase. ' Coupons and B A R G AI IF Bulletin sent on request. Your Profits 	Mail Dealer's Coupon System 521 Bo. Dearborn Street, Chicago SITUATION WANTED by Graduate of Oberlin Business College Competent in the following branches: Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Penmanship. Has had actual experience and can furnish the best of references. Address: L. C. H,, care The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts , Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the BOSTON HERALD. " A	 voice of unusual sweetness and calibre. —CHATTANOOGA TIMES. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.." BOSTON. MASS. ROFICIENCY in the treatment of	 the hair and the skin is the result only of conscientious, scientific study. A thorough knowledge of the hair and the skin in the minutest detail xs an absolute requirement for one who desires to do effective work in this important profession. It is tliis knowledge which is offered by Mrs. M. Watson Rudd at her modern and well-equipped Rose School of Beauty Culture Conducted by a Negro woman for the purpose of training Negro women1 whose object is to build up a business among a white clientele and who are striving for advancement in this profession, this school enables the student to obtain a high degree of efficiency at a very reasonable cost. . The course of instruction is scientifically planned so as to give correct principles of work by which the student may achieve success and successfully meet the demands of those whom she desires to serve; and a personal interest is taken by the teacher in each student who enters. Each student must be prepared to devote three months in close application to study and practice. Class lessons are conducted daily and students are required to have certain text books and note books for their work. When satisfactory theoretical development has been attained through work in the class room, the student is given practical work under the direction of the teacher and. is thereby able to secure that experience which is so necessary for her self-reliance and stability in work. This is the opportunity for the young Negro woman of culture and refinement who desires to enter upon a dignified, lucrative profession and who wishes to bring to that profession the best in ambition and intelligence. Address: Mrs. M. Watson Rudd Room 507 47 West j?d Street New York City Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS VOL. 13—NO. 3 JANUARY, 1917 Whole NO. 75 Editorial THE WORLD LAST MONTH ILL last month we were ask ing what happened in the last election and why. This | fact stands out as true: The Solid South with its denial of Democratic government made a real verdict on Mr. Wilson and the rest of the country impossible.—The slave trade in Belgium comes strangely near to us and makes us remember that oppression and injustice know no color line.—Congress is so evenly divided that no legislation for or against the Negro is probable. This turns our attention to the Supreme Court where late in January the segregation cases will come up again.—Football has brought the black man to the fore. On two of the most important small college teams, colored boys have not only played, but they have played brilliantly against the greatest teams of the land, with only Princeton to insult them. How natural.—The sweeping of Prohibition over the country is, undoubtedly, getting at a great evil in the wrong way; but there is no doubt of the great evil and there is no doubt that the wrong way will help the colored laborer more than no way at all.—In the Great War, light is dawning for Poland, not simply German light (in which case we should doubt it), but out of the contending jealousies of all Europe the Polish people will, probably, come to their own and another suppressed race will have a chance for self development after a high noon of despair.—What will President Wil son do for the colored man? What will he do against him? We understand that when replying to the congratulations of certain Pullman porters, his voice shook. It needed shaking.—All hail to Mexico for standing to her guns of argument. SCHOOLS HAT is to become of the sec ondary and higher Negro schools that are not smiled upon by the ring of rich philanthropists represented by the General Education Board and like agencies? These excluded schools are undoubtedly in many cases poorly equipped and indifferently managed. At the same time they are doing and have done the real work of the education of the Negro race. Their accomplishment both in volume and in real efficient result has been ten times that of Hampton and Tuskegee Institutes for the simple reason that they outnumber these schools 100 to 1 and deal with by far the greater number of the children of ten millions. Instead then of being sneered at and discouraged, they ought to be encouraged, and it is little less than a shame that the United States government With the aid of Thomas Jesse Jones is (as we are assured) about to issue a definitive report recommending all sorts of things tending to extinguish these struggling institutions. We are glad, however, that the National Training School, of Durham, North Carolina, despite this handi 112 THE cap, has paid her debt and has just held a conference of far-reaching importance on the subject of Negro education. Representatives of Negroes, South and North, and of white men, North and South, were on the program and all the visitors were firmly impressed with the wide influence of this school as a center of good work and with the indefatigable work of her president. In the same way Atlanta University, long frowned upon because she persistently stood for the bigger things, is trying to raise on her fiftieth anniversary, a fund of $500,000. No school in the South has done a work -for Negro uplift that can for a moment be compared with that of Atlanta University. Fisk University, which has fortunately reached the edge of the approval of Organized Philanthropy, asks for a conservatory of music in memory of the Fisk Jubilee Singers. The response to this appeal should be immediate and generous and should come from black people and white. We must rally to the defense of our schools. We must repudiate this unbearable assumption of the right to kill institutions unless they conform to one narrow standard. LYNCHING FKJMJHII WO stories of lynchings have come to our attention which I ^ deserve editorial mention. ligMffl One comes from Thomasville, Georgia, and is as follows: "It seems that a young colored man, twenty-one years of age, was engaged in conversation with a colored woman. This woman was the sweetheart of a white man who shot and killed the colored man. A local colored undertaker before removing the body ordered an investigation which brought into the courts the defendant. The courts rendered a verdict of self-defense. Enraged at the CRISIS activity of the undertaker, a band of 'Regulators' made a night attack upon his establishment, cutting the wires, etc. Failing to find him, they attacked the home of the slain man's mother, brutally thrashing her and also a brother who was ill. The undertaker, acting upon a 'bit of news' in a local white paper to the effect that such had been done to some 'niggers,' who had insulted 'white gentlemen' and adding that the same fate awaited another interested 'nigger,' immediately left town. All of the colored persons concerned were law-abiding and prosperous citizens of Thomasville, Georgia." The other is the real story of the lynching of a woman in Georgia which has just come to light: "Sam Conley, a densely illiterate boy of seventeen years, lived with his sixty-year-old mother and wife on the plantation of one Gengia Melvin, white, three miles from Leary, Calhoun County, Georgia, said county being in the southwestern part of the state. Last fall this boy got into trouble about a colored girl, Mr. Melvin paying his seventy-five dollar fine. The boy, his mother, and wife contracted to cultivate on shares a forty-acre farm of Mr. Melvin's, thirty acres in cotton and the balance in corn and potatoes. Mr. Melvin was to divide the crop, first taking out the seventy-five dollars due him. "Sam Conley, his mother, and wife lived in a two-room house on the premises cultivated, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Melvin's house. Along about the middle of September (the boy could not even name the month in which the offense was committed) he had ginned six bales of cotton which were turned over to Mr. Melvin and he had about two more in the field. On the Sunday before the homicide on Monday, Mr. Melvin told him to come the next day to work for him by the month, for ten dollars per month. The boy told him that EDITORIAL he, Mr. Melvin, would have to see his mother. "The next day, Monday, Sam Conley's mother went to Mr. Melvin's lot to help his cook, a colored woman, Fannie Glover, milk his seven cows. Sam Conley passed by the lot on his way to the cotton field and was stopped by Mr. Melvin, who began to curse at him for not coming to work for him that morning, picking up a large oak stick and while in the attitude of striking him the latter's mother begged him not to strike her boy, saying that he had neither said nor done anything to him; that she was not well and that she and her daughter-in-law could not gather the crop without her son. Thereupon, Mr. Melvin left the boy and advanced upon his mother, striking her first back of the neck, causing blood to flow freely, then on her wrist, then kicked her three times in her abdomen and after she had fallen to the ground, he struck her again with the stick, breaking the stick. Looking about he got another oak stick and was about to strike her again, Sam Conley and Mr. Melvin's cook all the while begging him not to strike her anymore, because she was already ill. "When Mr. Melvin was in the attitude of striking the prostrate woman again her son looked around and picking up a peat (an instrument used in weighing cotton), struck him with it (Conley does not remember what part of his body he struck), knocking him down. Then picking up his mother, he carried her to their home, a quarter of a mile away. He left home, hiding in the woods until near night, and reached a small place, Pretoria, Dougherty County, fifteen miles from Leary. He was arrested at Pretoria at night, and taken to Albany where he remained in jail until the next afternoon when he was taken by automobile to Americus from which place he was brought to Macon jail on the midnight train. While on the way from Albany to Americus the sheriff informed him of the lynching of his mother, assuring him that he, the sheriff, was taking him where he would be safe. "By correspondence .with people living in that section we learn that the boy's mother and wife were arrested that same day and placed in the little guardhouse at Leary, from which his mother was taken that night, carried a little distance from the town and her body riddled with bullets, her eyes being punched out. Her body was placed on the public highway, where it remained several hours. Colored people living in that neighborhood were, upon pain of being killed, compelled to inter her remains. "The boy did not know that he had killed the man until told so by the sheriff. He says he did not intend to kill him, but merely intended to keep him from hitting his mother again, who he thought was already dead. "The white man was about fifty years old, having several grown children, none of whom lived with him. He was separated from his wife because he practically lived with his Negro cook, Fannie Glover, whose house was in his yard." A LETTER AND AN ANSWER Springfield, 111., Nov. 2, 1916. Y DEAR MR. SPINGARN: Last August when I was away and my mail was be iii ing dammed up here in Springfield, your invitation to the Amenia Conference arrived. Since then I have let everything go for a new book. Pardon me. My mail gets heavier every day and I can not yet afford a stenographer. I send my belated thanks, being at last able to get into my mail again. Be sure I was with you in spirit. My "Congo," and "Booker T. Wash THE CRISIS ington Triology," have both been denounced by the colored people for reasons that I can not fathom. As far as I can see, they have not taken the trouble to read them through. The third section of "The Congo" is certainly as hopeful as any human being dare to be in regard to any race, and the "John Brown" is certainly not an unsympathetic poem; and "King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba" is a prophecy of a colored Utopia. Yet T HE CRISIS took the trouble to skin me not long ago. This in face of the fact that they had published with great approval my story of "The Golden-Faced People" in T HE CRISIS of November, 1914. That is the index to all subsequent work. I presume some of the men in your movement who have an intelligent angle on my intentions are responsible for my invitation to the Amenia Conference. When two or three of them get together sometime, I wish they would re-read "The Congo" (see volume of that name), the "Booker Washington Triology," in Poetry, A Magazine of Verse (543 Cass Street, Chicago), June, 1916, and also T HE CRISIS article aforesaid. I would like to draw your attention also to pages forty-seven and forty-eight in the "Art of the Moving Picture," where I have discussed the Reverend Thomas Dixon. And after you have read this letter, I would appreciate it if you will send a copy to the editor of T HE CRISIS, to be printed, if he cares to do so. Personally, Mr. DuBois has been most courteous, but I can not understand his editorial attitude. Add a word to this letter if you care to do so. Very sincerely, NICHOLAS V ACHEL LINDSAY. Amenia, N. Y., Nov. 6, 1916. My dear Mr. Lindsay: I wish you had been able to attend the Amenia Conference, and perhaps then vou would have understood the difference between a poet's pageantry and a people's despair. No colored man doubts your good intentions, but many of them doubt your understanding of their hopes. You look about you and see a black world full of a strange beauty different from that of the white world; they look about them and see other men with exactly the same feelings and desires who refuse to recognize the resemblance. You look forward to a colored Utopia separate and different from the hope of the white man; they have only one overwhelming desire, and that is to share in a common civilization in which all distinctions of race are blurred (or forgotten) by common aspiration and common labors. Your poetry is wonderfully beautiful, and the poems on black men and women are no less beautiful than the rest. How can we fail to be grateful for all this beauty? But somehow we feel (and I say "we" because in this I share the feelings of the colored race), somehow we feel that you do not write about colored humanity as you write about white humanity. We remember your poem on "John Altgeld" (to mention only one), and realize that your heart goes out to— "The widow bereft of her crust, and the boy without youth, The mocked and the scorned and the wounded, the lame and the poor " but somehow we feel that for you, black men and women are not like others who have been mocked and scorned and wounded, but beings a little different from other sufferers who do not share the same ancestry and the same color of skin. Faithfully yours, J. E. SPINGARN. ONE by one our friends of the early abolition group pass. The death of Francis Jackson Garrison, the son of William Lloyd Garrison, is announced. EDITORIAL 115 MIGRATION AND HELP FRAUD HE CRISIS wishes to repeat its insistence that the working men from the South who can be assured of reasonably good employment in the North should without hesitation come to the North as a means of self-defense and as the most effective protest against Southern lynching, lawlessness, and general deviltry. On the other hand, T HE CRISIS recognizes what a peculiar responsibilty rests upon the North in this new migration. It knows, however, of one instance where this responsibility is being splendidly recognized. In New Haven, Connecticut, The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad imported a large number of Negro workers. They were collected without discrimination and they represented all kinds and conditions of men, but more especially the worst. They were housed in old box cars and generally neglected. Here was the nucleus for a new Negro problem for New Haven. What did colored New Haven do ? The Reverend Edward Goin, a leading colored minister, went to the authorities of the railroad and pointed out their duty. He succeeded in getting a decent box car fitted up for them as a social center. He got colored Yale students to work with him and began a campaign of social uplift which must in the long run solve the problem. In addition to this, George W. Crawford, a colored lawyer, began negotiations with a great manufacturing firm looking toward carefulry selected migration of colored workers who could enter positions where promotion was possible. Thus, two sides of the problem were attacked. Let the good work go on both North and South. E are now and then compelled to bring to the notice of the public, efforts to defraud the colored people. Some' of these efforts are mentioned because of our personal interest. For instance, there is traveling in Vir ginia and North Carolina, a certain man named Thomas Hopkins, claim ing to be of High Point, North Caro lina, and of Watertown, New York, who is fraudulently taking subscrip tions for T HE CRISIS. Any informa tion leading to knowledge of his pres ent whereabouts and operations will be received in our office with great joy. Also, the National Publication Company, of Montgomery, Alabama, is advertising an encyclopedia of the colored race and is announcing the editor of this magazine as one of its associate editors. This is a falsehood and the public is herewith so warned. TWO FRIENDS HAVE lost two friends, curious in their unlikeness, yet singularly alike. The one, Inez Milholland, viewed the world-scene with a certain clean-cut clearness. Her passion was Truth and where its pitiless logic led, she walked with seeing feet, splendidly unafraid. The other friend, William Alpheus Hunton, lifted his groping hands to God and Good, and set his fine face and prophet eyes toward yonder cloudy headlands where setting suns mistily disclose unproven wonders. I think these two knew nothing of each other. Between them rose the wall of race and sex and all of Culture's queer convention. Yet, in the world's deep meaning, they were one and hand-in-hand walked down its puzzling crag-strewn paths with hearts ablaze. They are dead. They have earned their entrance to the Court of Peace and today they dream their mighty Dreams. Amen. THE CRISIS CENSORSHIP BY THE LATE INEZ MILHOLLAND HEN there is a question of good and bad involved, I am most distinctly opposed to suppressing the bad as a means of establishing the good. I would let them flourish side by side, certain that the really good would, in the end, prevail and outlive the bad, and certain likewise that, given freedom of reflection, all people would eventually repudiate the bad in favor of the good. Why? Because that would be in accord with the fundamental instinct of self-preservation since what is good for the individual organism is good for the race, and the good of the race is the sum total of all morality that we know anything about. Let evil flourish unsuppressed by all means. If it is really evil it will kill itself by the very poison it distils. The best that we can do is to put up a danger sign for those who are inclined in its direction, warning them of its harmful properties. If we hide the thing away people are apt to come upon it unaware of its power for injury and it may kill. To suppress evil is to drive it underground, not to exterminate it. Incidentally, underground is about the only place where it can take root and flourish. "But," protest those who are for suppressing the "Birth of a Nation," "do you mean to say that you would permit a falsification and perjury of this kind to continue?" Yes, I would—that and much more noxious things than that, and I would permit anything that anyone chose to produce. "But, Heavens! on what theory?" This: (1) That it is difficult, if not impossible, to counteract the effect of a secretly acquired evil, whether it be a disease, an idea, or a poison; whereas the evil that is known is more easy to combat. (2) That nothing so reinforces an evil thing (or a good thing either for that matter) like any attempt to suppress it. (3) That it is a supreme right of every individual to judge for himself and not to have the judgment of any group or any individual thrust upon him, no matter how wise or good that group or individual may be. (4) That only by such independence of judgment may judgment be trained and developed and the training of individuals in judgment and everything else is, I take it, THE LATE INEZ MILHOLLAND what we are here for. (5) That such training of individuals to make use of their own independent processes is worth ten thousand times more than any spoon-fed system of seemly conduct that it is possible to conceive. But to "let evil flourish" by no means ends the responsibility of the lover of individual liberty. He must proceed to set up fine standards, worthy standards with which to contrast the evil, so that the public may have opportunities for comparison and selection. Without such opportunities they inevitably absorb the only thing at hand, which- happens to be evil. Your liberty lover must take pains, too, to point out the falsities and dangers of the evil thing, and its consequences. All that education is able to give in the way of protection from evil he must give. The only instrument he may not touch is the instrument of the lazy man —suppression. In the case of "The Birth of a Nation," the thing for those of us to do who consider it a libel and a forgery, is to say so, and to publish all the facts in our possession. I protest against "The Birth of a Nation" as vigorously as my neighbor. I find it historically false, untrue to life, bad art, melodramatic, and meretricious, caddish, dull, and exaggerated, but I would not sup MAMMY 117 press it for all that, just because it does not happen to suit my taste or morals. I would try, rather, to extend my taste and morals to as many people as possible in the hope that next year a production of this sort will be aesthetically and ethically impossible to a more dramatically educated public. Melodrama on the stage has vanished. Why not melodrama in the movies? False as it is to history, life, and drama the film cannot do much harm; not half as much as any attempt to suppress it would do to liberty and freedom of thought. The Negroes need not be disturbed except by the snobbish attempt to picture them as ignoble in every capacity except that of servant. On the other hand and as a final argument in favor of non-suppression, a discussion of the Negro problem has been precipitated which has done untold good as all discussions do. Points of view have been crystallized, prejudices cleared away and the issues between the Negro's friends and his enemies made clear. Those who have faith in the Negro race and its capacities know better the reasons for their faith; while the belittlers of the Negro have had a stamp given to their opposition which shows its true colors. We all know now where we are at, at heart. From the friction engendered, from the clash of view point more light will come— an infinitely better thing than any negative and apathetic attitude could produce. MAMMY A. STORY By ADELINE F. RIES "|*y|"AMMY'S heart felt heavy indeed when -*• (the time was now two years past) marriage had borne Shiela, her "white baby," away from the Governor's plantation to the coast. But as the months passed, the old colored nurse became accustomed to the change, until the great joy brought by the news that Shiela had a son, made her recon ciliation complete. Besides, had there not always been Lucy, Mammy's own "black baby," to comfort her? Yes, up to that day there had always been Lucy; but on that very day the young Negress had been sold—sold like common household ware!—and (the irony of it chilled poor Mammy's leaden heart)—she had been sold to Shiela as nurse to the baby whose birth, but four days earlier had caused Mammy so much rejoicing. The poor slave could not believe that it was true, and as she buried her head deeper into the pillows, she prayed that she might wake to find it all a dream. But a reality it proved and a reality which she dared not attempt to change. For despite the Governor's customary kindness, she knew from experience, that any interference on her part would but result in serious floggings. One morning each week she would go to his study and he would tell her the news from the coast and then with a kindly smile dismiss her. So for about a year, Mammy feasted her hungering soul with these meagre scraps of news, until one morning, contrary to his wont, the Governor rose as she entered the room, and he bade her sit in a chair close to his own. Placing one of his white hands over her knotted brown ones, he read aloud the letter he held in his other hand: "Dear Father:— "I can hardly write the sad news and can, therefore, fully appreciate how difficult it will be for you to deliver it verbally. Lucy was found lying on the nursery floor yesterday, dead. The physician whom I immediately summoned pronounced her death a case of heart-failure. Break it gently to my dear old mammy, father, and tell her too, that the coach, should she wish to come here before the burial, is at her disposal. "Your daughter, "SHIELA." While he read, the Governor unconsciously nerved himself to a violent outburst of grief, but none came. Instead, as he finished, Mammy rose, curtsied, and made as if to withdraw. At the door she turned back and requested the coach, "if it weren't asking too much," and then left the room. She did not return to her cabin; simply stood at the edge of the road until the coach with its horses and driver drew up, and then she entered. From that time and until THE CRISIS nightfall she did not once change the upright position she had assumed, nor did her eyelids once droop over her staring eyes. "They took her from me an' she died"—"They took her from me an' she died"—over and over she repeated the same sentence. When early the next morning Mammy reached Shiela's home, Shiela herself came down the road to meet her, ready with words of comfort and love. But as in years gone by, it was Mammy who took the golden head on her breast, and patted it, and bade the girl to dry her tears. As of old, too, it was Mammy who first spoke of other things; she asked to be shown the baby, and Shiela only too willingly led the way to the nursery where in his crib the child lay cooing to itself. Mammy took up the little body and again and again tossed it up into the air with the old cry, "Up she goes, Shiela," till he laughed aloud. Suddenly she stopped, and clasping Lhe child close she took a hurried step towards the open window. At a short distance from the house rolled the sea and Mammy gazed upon it as if fascinated. And as she stared, over and over the words formed themselves: "They took her from me an' she died,"—"They took her from me an' she died." From below came the sound of voices, "They're waiting for you, Mammy,"—it was Shiela's soft voice that spoke—"to take Lucy—you understand, dear." Mammy's eyes remained fixed upon the waves,—"I can't go—go foh me, chile, won't you?" And Shiela thought that she understood the poor woman's feelings and without even pausing to kiss her child she left the room and joined the waiting slaves. Mammy heard the scraping as of a heavy box upon the gravel below; heard the tramp of departing footsteps as they grew fainter and fainter until they died away. Then and only then, did she turn her eyes from the wild waters and looking down at the child in her arms, she laughed a low, peculiar laugh. She smoothed back the golden ringlets from his forehead, straightened out the little white dress, and then, choosing a light covering for his head, she descended the stairs and passed quietly out of the house. A short walk brought Mammy and her burden to the lonely beach; at the water's edge she stood still. Then she shifted the child's position until she supported his weight in her hands and with a shrill cry of "Up she goes, Shiela," she lifted him above her head. Suddenly she flung her arms forward, at the same time releasing her hold of his little body. A large breaker caught him in its foanv swept him a few feet towards the shore and retreating, carried him out into the sea A few hours later, two slaves in frantic search for the missing child found Mammy on the beach tossing handfuls of sand into the air and uttering loud, incoherent cries. And as they came close, she pointed towards the sea and with the laugh of a mad-woman shouted: "They took her from me an' she died!" EBON MAID AND GIRL OF MINE By Lucian rT"1HE sweetest charm of all the earth Came into being with her birth. All that without her we would lack, She is in purity and black. The pansy and the violet— The dark of all the flowers met And gave their wealth of color in The ebon beauty of her skin. Wrought winds of evening are her face, Gentle with love and rich in grace; The burning splendors of her eyes Are jewels from the midnight skies; Her nestling-raven hair, close-curled, The Ancient wonder of the world Seems, in its strange, uncertain length, A deathless crown—a mighty strength. Her smile—it is the rising moon, The waking of a night in June;  B. Watkins Her teeth are tipsLike starlights in aHer laughter is the ^ of white, that gleam  happy dream;  Christmas bell Of "Peace on earth" and "All is well;" Her voice—it is the dearest part Of all the glory in her heart: The height of joy, the deep of tears, The surging passions of the years, The mystery and dark of things— We feel their meanings when she sings. Her garments gracefully caress Her tender form of sinlessness, And on her bosom's curves sublime Make love's eternal rhythm and rhyme. Her thoughts are pure and everyone But makes her good to look upon. Daughter of God! You are divine, O Ebon Maid and Girl of Mine! THE LATE WILLIAM A. HUNTON William ALPHEUS HUNTON was born and educated at Chatham, Ontario. After graduating from Wilberforce Institute he secured, at Ottawa, a clerkship in the Canadian Civil Service. Soon he connected himself with the Young Men's Christian Association in that city and became especially identified with the Bible Class work and the boys' work, and his labors were very acceptable. The attention of one of the international secretaries on a visit to Ottawa was called to Mr. Hunton, who impressed him of his qualifications to be a leader of this movement among colored people. This led to him being called to undertake the secretaryship of the colored Young Men's Christian Association at Norfolk, Virginia. At first he almost refused to consider the proposition, but said he would think it over. He came back the next morning and said "I will go." Against the advice of his pastor and friends he went to Norfolk to take up the work, and to this day he is esteemed by the citizens, both white and colored. After beginning his work, Mr. Hunton had many dark days and trying experiences in dealing with a group THE LATE WILLIAM A. of people who were unacquainted with the Association work and its methods. Developing in capacity and leadership as secretary of the Norfolk Branch, he rendered occasional service to the International Committee in the extension of Association work among colored young men. The result of this occasional visitation by him was so satisfactory that in December, 1890, he accepted a call to become the first colored secretary of that committee. Until 1898 he was the only secretary of his race engaged in supervisory work. He was joined in that year by an associate, Dr. J. E. Moorland. The force has since been increased to six men. As a successful pioneer, Mi'. Hunton traveled throughout, the country as an organizer and he did his best to establish the spirit of the movement in the hearts of the people. His most outstanding work was in the colleges. He had a tremendous influence upon the student life of the colored race. Many promising Negro leaders today, and those who will certainly be leaders tomorrow, have been influenced by his beautiful, simple, trustful'life. He had no interest, whatever, in personal aggrandizement or factional debate, but his one purpose was to advance the unity of the King father.sisters dom of Jesus Christ among men of all conditions and races. His acceptance as a speaker on convention plat-Forms is well known by the brotherhood in America and in for eign lands. His ad dress at the World's Student Christian Federation, in Japan, was one among the best delivered and the same was said of his address a year ago at the World's Conference at Lake Mohonk. Mr. Hunton was married to'Miss Addie Waytes, a prominent school teacher of Norfolk, Virginia, in 1893. He has been a faithful and devoted hus HUNTON band and a loving  His devotion to his brothers and  was a strong evidence of what the ties of kinship may be made to mean in this life. He was always a safe confidant, and wise counsellor and one who bore the burdens of his friends with them. His life was true and sweet and will ever be held up before young men as an example worthy of highest emulation. In his last moments he remarked that it would be only a few days and he would go. He smiled when he was told that though he was leaving, his work would be carried on and his name never forgotten. 119 National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People THE ANNUAL MEETING T N accordance with the Constitution of The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, our annual meeting will be held in New York City on January 2, 1917. The afternoon session, which will be held in the assembly hall of The United Charities Building, 105 East Twenty-second Street, at 2:30 P. M., will be devoted to the reports of the national officers, the election of officers, and the transaction of business. The Nominating Committee, consisting of Mrs. Florence Kelley, Joseph P. Loud, and Archibald H. Grimke, appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Dr. J. E. Spingarn, in accordance with Article VIII of the Constitution, submits the following list of nominations for members of the Board of Directors for the term expiring January, 1920: Miss Jane Addams, Chicago. Dr. C E. Bentley, Chicago. Rev. Hutehins C. Bishop, New York. Dr. F. N. Cardozo, Baltimore. Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, New York. Mrs. Florence Kelley, New York. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn." Mr. Charles Edward Russell, New York. Dr. John G. Underhill, Brooklyn. Miss Irene Lewissohn, New York. The evening session, through the courtesy of Dr. Bishop, will be held at St. Philips Church, 212 West 134th Street, at 8.15 P. M., and will be devoted to the reports of the branches, and to a discussion of means for effecting closer relations between the branches, the directors, and the national executive officers. Each branch is urged most earnestly to send an official delegate to report in person, and to send his name to the secretary before the program goes to press December 26. Every member of the N. A. A. C. P. who can possibly reach New York should make an especial effort to attend. Dinner at sixty cents a plate will be served between the two sessions under the auspices of the New York Branch and we want to make it a big party. Please notify the National Secretary, Roy Nash, if you desire seats. THE ABBEVILLE LYNCHING HE full story of the lynching of An thony Crawford in Abbeville, South Carolina, which was investigated on the ground by the secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., appeared in the Independent for December 11. There are, however, two items which must be recorded here; first: As a result of the secretary's visit, Governor Manning has written a letter to Oswald Garrison Villard, vice-president of the N. A A.	 C. P., in which he says: "I realize the gravity of this offense and am determined to do everything in my power to bring the offenders to justice. I have called on the sheriff of Abbeville County to take the necessary steps to prevent any unlawful action with regard to the expulsion of the family of Crawford. "I am giving serious consideration to this matter with a view to making recommendations to the legislature, so as to be able to deal with such conditions when they arise." Secondly, the Crawford family was not expelled on November 15. GOVERNOR MANNING, OF SOUTH CAROLINA THE VANDERVALL CASE TT is a great pleasure to record that the attorneys interested by the N. A. A. C. P. 120 N. A. A. C. P. in the case of Dr. Isabel Vandervall, who was refused admittance to The Women's and Children's Hospital, of Syracuse, New York, because of her color and after they had contracted to admit her as an interne, were able to secure a substantial offer of settlement for Dr. Vandervall without bringing the case to trial. GAINING STRENGTH IN THE SOUTH 4 4'T^O be a race woman in New Orleans A is a crime at best," writes J. B. Montgomery, in the Chicago Defender, "but to be one and a prisoner is doubly so. Girls, mere babes, and women, for the least offense are put to work on the public streets of New Orleans whenever there is a question as to their color. .. . I have spoken to the preachers and leading men and women of the town time and again to protest these wrongs perpetrated on our women and every devilish preacher will tell you to keep quiet as the white folks are letting us live. "On my return to the city, I was glad to see the news that The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People will make an attack on the use of our women prisoners to clean gutters and public parks with a red neck slave driver with a Winchester or automatic to shoot her down should she rebel. The association need not expect any help from the preachers. . . . My last plea to my people is to help the N. A. A. C. P. in their fight and ask for the resignation of every preacher who cannot show a college diploma." Without going into the question of the justice or injustice of Mr. Montgomery's remarks about the apathy of these pastors, it is worthy that the other half of his statement should be heralded throughout the land. That the N. A. A. C. P. can organize in the far South is a noteworthy evidence of growing strength; that the New Orleans Branch has the courage and the ability to initiate and carry on this kind of a fight is a fact of which the whole organization may be proud. THE MODEL SCHOOLS OF GARY, INDIANA THE Gary Branch is very much worried over the question of segregation in the schools. A teacher writes: "Six years ago when I became connected with these schools, the colored children were in a building by themselves. Later, a large building, The Krocbel School, was completed and both colored and white children placed in it, the colored classes remaining separate as when in the former building. All the formal work of the colored children in the first five grades was done with colored teachers in separate classes, the special teachers receiving them in the same way as class units. "In September last, two classes were removed from the Frocbcl building to a small school more convenient to their homes, as it appeared, and the idea became spread abroad that it was done because they were colored. A committee of the Gary Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. visited the superintendent and School Board with but small satisfaction." Of the accuracy of the last statement we have no doubt. Superintendent Wirt, in reply to a protest from national headquarters, makes it clear that the branch is right in entertaining suspicions. He says: "The colored children in the public schools in Gary, Indiana, have been segregated from the very beginning. It is a settled policy in this community to continue this segregation." No wonder the Gary schools are considered as models throughout the land. OUR CHAIRMAN POPULAR IN THE SOUTH WE are sure that it was a mere over sight on the part of the reporter that the Columbia State omitted to mention that the lecturer spoken of below is chairman of the Board of Directors of The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. "The series of five lectures to be delivered at the University of South Carolina this week by Dr. J. E. Spingarn, formerly professor of comparative literature at Columbia University, on the history and development of literary criticism, saw a gratifying beginning yesterday when many graduate students and seniors at the university and members of the faculties of Chicora College for Women, Columbia College, and the seminaries, as well as many women from the city, heard Dr. Spingarn's lecture on "Critical Theories of the Greeks and Romans." "His lectures are informal and discussion and questions by the audience are always welcomed. Although he is a leading authority on literary criticism in this country, the broad and profound conceptions of the subject which he imparts to his audience are clothed with a simplicity and charm that render them all the more understandable. The pleasing personality of this eminent scholar and author adds to the pleasure and enthusiasm of the series." The Outer Pocket ENCLOSED find my check on Alliance Bank of Rochester, N. Y., in favor of 0. G. Villard, Treas., for $10, being another contribution to your Anti-lynching Fund; this to cover that at Gainesville, Fla. I wonder if I can afford to give $10 for every lynching that you describe in a fair and unbiased manner—simply stating the facts? I am ready to try it—may have to cut it down to five. G. R. CARTER [Ex-Governor of Hawaii.] Loon Lake, N. Y. Some of the stories and poems which have appeared in your magazine I have enjoyed, but none have so appealed to me as "A Fragment" in a recent number. I have read it twice, alone, and to others with a choking in my throat. Its beautiful tribute to a mother willing to sacrifice all for her daughter's education and chance in life is most touching. The self-effacing purity of the love of the girl for the man she dared not love openly, is almost too pathetic. It is charmingly written and the story is, I believe, a true picture of the ambitions and heart-suffering of many of the Negro race. It must appeal to the best in every man and woman who reads it. If the day will but soon come when the Negro may have the same chance as those of all other races! ALEXIXA CARTER BARRELL. Boston, Mass. I read with interest "A Fragment" and it reminds me of the sayings of the old Southern white man, "A Grief Nigger," and I do not think stories of that type should go to print in a Negro journal as there is nothing to learn or elevating in the reading, and the writing substantiates my theory that there is little or no hope for the Negro along many lines. He is of two bloods and each blood is demanding his attention. You know the Negro man has always demanded the service of his women and confiscated their money which accounts for their desire for the love of the white man. C. P. DUNCAN. Oakland. Cal. I noticed in your issue for October a men tion of A. T. Smith, of this city and formerly Managing Editor of the Paul Quinn Weekly, in which you say he is still in jail and has been for a month or more. Smith has been in jail for more than four months. He was indicted for criminal libel. He was tried about three weeks ago and convicted and is still in jail serving his sentence. He was arraigned for trial without an attorney to defend him and the college for which he worked refused to help and left him to his fate. I volunteered my services rather than see him go to slaughter without an advocate. A jury was waived and I tried the case before the court. The State asked that he be given the extreme penalty—two years in jail. The court room was full of spectators. The trial began Monday morning and closed Tuesday evening. The judge gave him a sentence of one year and allowed him the benefit of the four months he had served, making in fact an eight months' sentence. They took him to the county roads as a county convict under the laws of this State to do hard labor. I moved to commute his sentence by paying a dollar a day and have him remain in jail. The court said he was without law to do so, but granted me a hearing to show what law I had for it, with the effect that Smith came back from the road. I had raised among the colored folk by subscription about $34 and paid his first month's wages over to the county treasurer. If I can not keep this up he will go back to the convict gang to work on the roads of the county. The entire trial of Joe Washington was reviewed on this trial and the articles that Smith wrote were read, and to say the least, he took this city to- task harder than any I have read on this lynching. I feared violence would be practiced during the trial, but everybody choked it down. The colored people here were afraid to help him and afraid for me to do so, but I believed in his innocence and could not refrain from coming to his assistance. It is all over now and he faces a jail sentence of about seven more months. I wish he could be helped, as I feel sure I can do more for him yet as white sentiment has changed since the trial. 122 THE OUTER POCKET There were two of them indicted for the same offence; another, Zelford Carter, remains to be tried, but I have almost an assurance that I will turn him loose. R. D. EVANS. Waco, Tex. May I ask you to kindly alter your statement of the purpose of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People so that a humble American citizen like myself may be included? The statement reads: "It believes colored men and women must organize, etc." I do not admit these exclusive privileges in that matter and ask that you modify the statement to read: "It believes American citizens white and colored must organize and fight for the full rights of colored citizens and all other native-born American citizens." GEORGE G. BRADFORD. Boston, Mass. I am a poor, working man and a constant reader of THECRISIS. It makes my heart leap for joy to know that some one can and will help the poor colored people of the South. I am a Southerner myself and I know something about conditions down there. I have only been here one month and, of course, a working man from the South—you know what chance I have had there. I only wish I could give the whole $10,000 for the Anti-lynching Fund and I think there are thousands who would gladly do so if they were able. I honestly believe it is not because we are so narrow-minded about helping the fund; I believe it is financial matters that keep us from it. But in the future I hope I may be better qualified to help the good cause. L. W. WHITNEK. Omaha, Neb. As a staunch member of the race I am herewith enclosing for your information a few facts about this city. The Northern Railroad has been recruiting Negroes from the South to work on the road. This has caused considerable uneasiness among some of the white folks here who "make money off of Negro labor." The Mayor, Chamber of Commerce and quite a number of associations have protested to the president of this road asking that these Negroes be not taken from here. Whenever the Negroes gather around the depot to leave the police arrest and beat just as many as they can. The Mayor issued orders to arrest any Negroes found standing on the street corners or around the recruiting office. The police became so bad about beating the Negroes that it was necessary to have the Mayor to ask them not to use their clubs so freely on these poor fellows. The City Council in this city and in many others immediately passed a law making the license $1,000 for recruiting, a clipping of which I am enclosing. Notice the editorial of one of the leading papers of the city. Also note how they are treating my people just a few miles from here in this lynching matter and yet the white people object to them leaving. They are wanted here to work cheap and be killed for the least thing they do. I hold an important position in this city and for that reason will not possibly give you my name until I hear from you and you assure me that whatever I write you under my signature will be treated confidentially. The Federal Government established an office in the Post Office Building yesterday for the purpose of recuiting Negroes North to work. This office was on the fourth floor. They would not let Negroes ride up on the elevator, but made them walk up. The city authorities then got busy and placed policemen in front of the building and there they began to arrest and abuse every Negro they could get their hands on. I understand (this I do not know for a fact) that the U. S. Marshal then appeared on the scene and told the city authorities that those Negroes were on Government property; that they were not to be molested. Immediately then the Mayor, Board of Trade, Chamber of Commerce and a few prominent individuals telegraphed U. S. Senators Fletcher and Bryan from this State and also the Congressmen asking that they use their influence to have the order revoked in Washington. Nearly 1,000 Negroes have left the State, and I forgot to tell you that the majority of them had to go out to the city limits and catch the train as it was passing since the policemen would not let them go through the depot. This exodus has created great amazement down here and what few Negroes are left have had their wages raised and are being treated somewhat better. Jacksonville, Fla. COLORED RICHMOND By E. D. Caffee. ICHMOND, VIRGINIA, lies 115 miles south of Washington, and ninety miles from the mouth of the James River at Chesapeake Bay. Originally this modern Rome was "delightfully situated on seven hills overhanging the James River." The city site was founded September 19, 1735, by Colonel William Byrd and seven years later it was formally established as a town by a special act of the Virginia Assembly, in 1742. But soon the white settlers drove back the Indian savages to enlarge their borders until they had gone far beyond the tidewater settlements. Hence, in 1779, the seat of the State Government was moved from Williamsburg to Richmond, which was incorporated as a city in 1782. In 1781, the forty-eighth year after Richmond was founded, its population was only 1800, over 900 of whom were Negro slaves. In 1916, when the city was 181 years old, the total population numbered 156,6S7, of which 62,676 were Negroes. It is evident, then, that Negroes were in Richmond before and at the time of its founding, many of them having worked on the farm of Nathaniel Bacon, the rebel. If the truth had been written, we would be able to say that Negroes cleared the forest on which the city is founded. An inscription cornerstone of the old Bacon foundation stands near Hancock and Broad Streets. As Richmond, located at the foot of the falls, became the head of commerce and industries, it also became the chief mart of the slave traders' traffic—"The sum of all villainies." As early as March 29, 1779, in the Virginia Gazette appeared the following notice of the sale of slaves: "Five likely Virginia-born Negroes will be sold for cash, loan certificate or tobacco." Lumkins' slave jail, in which reopened in 1867 what is now Virginia Union University, was the "old slave pen," in which Negroes were kept for sale and safety and from which they were transported to Virginia, the Carolinas, Georgia, and as far south as Alabama. Could it have been conceived that a place like this could be so completely transformed? Facts, surely in this case, become stranger than fiction after fiftv years. Sunday, April 2, 1865, General Lee dispatched the following message to Jefferson Davis, who was found in church: "My line is broken in three places and Richmond must be evacuated." Mr. Lumkin, the keeper of the slave-traders' jail, and whose wife, Mary Jane Lumkins, was colored, heard of Mr. Davis' order of evacuation and "made up a coffle of fifty men, women, and children in his jail yard, within pistol shot of Davis' parlor window and a stone's throw from the monumental church," and hurried them to the Danville depot. This sad and weeping fifty, in handcuffs and chains, was the last slave coffle to tread the soil of America. As the Confederate government was on the move from the doomed city, there was a jumble of boxes, chests, trunks, valises, carpet bags, a crowd of excited men sweating as never before, women with dishevelled hair, unmindful of their wardrobes and wringing their hands, children crying in the crowd, and sentinels guarding each entrance to the train, pushing back at the point of the bayonet the panic-stricken multitude." But there was no room for Mr. Lumkin and his slaves on the train nor in the world. At the fall of Richmond, therefore, fell the auction block of human traffic. While Negroes of the West celebrate Emancipation Day as September 22, 1862, the date when the preliminary proclamation was issued; and others of the South and North, the first day of January, 1863, the day of its majority; Richmonders celebrate the third day of April, when Richmond fell. Negro emancipation not only freed Negroes, but it also freed the white man, for it was not until 1870 that a public school system was established in the state. One year later there were 1915 Negro children enrolled, with 72 teachers, 12 of whom were Negroes. Even unto this day, with but one or two exceptions, all the principals of the Negro schools have been white. Since the inception of the public school law, a rare change has taken place. The 1915 enrollment increased to 9,911 pupils with 225 Negro teachers. From the church buildings to old dilapidated rooms, the school property for Negro education has increased until it is now valued at $256, 685.23. In spite of the enlarged oppor COLORED RICHMOND ONE OF THE BUILDINGS OF tunity, all the buildings are overcrowded. To instance a case: Valley School, the capacity is 746, the attendance is 880. It was a strange situation when the cradle of the white man's independence became the market of Negro bondage. It was here in Richmond that Patrick Henry delivered his deathless speech and closed with the words: "Is life so dear and peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death." It is difficult how the place that gave birth to such immortality should hold as chattle in chains a slave of any color. But in spite of this anomaly, the relations of the races in the Confederate capital have remained very amicable, a fact just as strange as the other. A friendship has grown up here between masters and servants such as is found nowhere else in all the South. This love or friendliness is an indefinable subtle sentiment. The spirit of the old "master" is still marching on and the old Negro is still marching on, too. In spite of this friendliness between the VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY two races, Richmond, so far as the Negro population is concerned, is still characterized by lack of municipal protection. This probably is the gravest problem the Negro citizens here face. In addition to the "Jim Crow" transportation system and segregated residential sections, municipal discriminations in the most glaring form extend from the educational system throughout the field of sanitation as seen in dry closets, lack of city water and sewerage, inadequate public protection in poorly lighted streets, badly constructed streets and houses, etc. There are seven dumps and crematories in the segregated Negro residential sections. The legal segregation of the races only makes more grievous this sanitary eyesore of colored Richmond. The assessed value of Negro property is four million dollars. When the question of organization is raised, it is said that Richmond is superorganized—there are wheels in wheels, fraternities, and societies, and yet Richmond seems unnecessarily divisible. Its Negroes do not unite themselves solidly enough to fight segregation nor anything else effect126 THE ively. Some of its leaders have the reputation of being- selfish and non-patriotic. It is strange to say that any city where the Negroes have demonstrated to the world their success in finance, organizations of large proportions, culture, proficiency, and efficiency of Negro effort, there should be this evident incision and divisibility among the leading elements. The question is still, Can colored Richmond ever solidly unite? The State Penitentiary is located in Richmond. Its inmates during 1914 totaled 2182; of these 1672 were colored and 510 were white. Of the four probation officers in Richmond not one is colored. Yet, in 1914, of the 997 juveniles handled, 539 were colored. The earnings of the white people are larger than those of the Negroes, especially those who have reached the upper ages. Among the Negro boys and girls, earnings show little increase with advancing age, and this is especially true of the girls. Three-fifths of the older boys are engaged in work entirely unrelated to their chosen occupations. Two-thirds of the older girls are engaged in work entirely unrelated to their chosen occupations. The following statistics will show the activities of colored Richmond: Agents, insurance, 54. Artists. 4. Automobile repairers, 4. Bakers, IS. Butlers, 178. Bookkeepers, IS. Bellmen, 53. Butchers. 47. Bricklayers. 28. Bicycle dealer am! repairer, 1. Barbers, S5. Blacksmiths and wheelwrights, 10. Bootblacks, 5. Caterers, 2. Colleges, 3. Cooks, 782. Coopers, 2S. Contractors and builder.-, 10. Carpenters, lul. Clerks, 120. Chauffeurs, 128. Coachmen. 101 Dressmakers. 18. Drivers, 720. Domestic service, 1005. Dentists, 4. Dry goods and notion businesses, 3. Druggists, 6. Dyers and cleaners. SO. Fish, game and oyster dealers, tr,. Funeral directors and embalmers, 16. Engineers, 5. Elevator operators. 43. Foremen, 74. Hairdressers, 23. 11 orseshocrs. 0. Hucksters, 9. Ice cream manufacturer, 1 Insurance companies, 7. Janitors. 108. Janitresses, 12. .funk dealers. 2. CRISIS Laborers, 4339. Linesmen, 8. Livery, boarding and sales stables, 2. Laundresses, 734. Lathers, 10. Manicurists, 3. Mai! carriers, 72. Machinists, 6. Maids, 310. Midwives, 5. Music teachers, vocal and instrumental,]:?. Xurses, 99. Newspapers and periodicals, 5. Notaries, 13. Orderlies, 32. Paperhangers, 8. Painters, 25. Pavers, 5. Peddlers, 6. Photographers, 2. Physicians, 30. Porters, 841. Plasterers, 126. Plumbers, gas and steam fitters, 3. Postorfice clerks, 7. Poultry dealers, 3. Publisher, 1. Printers, 3. Real estate agents and dealers, 0. Seamstresses, 2 5. Shoemakers and repairers, GO. Sextons, 14. Stenographers, 8. Teamsters and expressmen, 23. Tailors, 6. Upholsterers, 5. Waiters, 2S2. Watchmen, 20. Waitresses, 23. A most striking feature of Richmond is the large number of apparently prosperous beneficial societies. Among these may be mentioned the St. Luke Order, the True Reformers, the Richmond Beneficial, the American Beneficial, the Southern Aid, Inc., and several others of like prominence which present interesting examples of Negro thrift and business ability. The Southern Aid Society alone owns $200,000 worth of real estate and government bonds, and about $50,000 worth of first mortgages on improved city real estate. The St. Luke Order operates in twenty-four states with a financial membership of 41,200 and assets of $114, 000. In August, 1917, this organization will celebrate its fiftieth anniversary. Richmond is noted for its large and prosperous Negro churches. Ten of these churches have memberships of over two thousand each. Of the fifty odd churches, all except seven are Baptists. Richmond's voice of public sentiment is edited through four weeklies: The St. Luke Herald, the Richmond Planet, the Reformer, and the Progressive Citizen. There is no city, probably, in the whole country that does as much Negro business as Richmond. There are two prosperous Be-Busy banks: The St. Luke's Penny Savings Bank, and the Mechanics' Savings Bank. Each does a business of over two hundred MEN OF RICHMOND thousand dollars per year, and the last two named are members of the American Bankers' Association. The leading educational institution m Richmond is Virginia Union University, which is also one of the leading colleges of the country. It is under the control of the Baptists. It employs twenty teachers and has enrolled sixty-one college students and 264 students in other departments. Its annual income is about $24,000. The Armstrong High School was founded in 1S67 by a chaplain of the United States Army. For many years it was supported by The Freedmen's Bureau. It now occupies a building formerly used as a white school and has an enrollment of over five hundred students. Land for a new building has been purchased by the city, but no building has as yet been erected. Until 1915, the school had white teachers, but in that year colored instructors were installed. The Catholics have a school for colored children known as the Van do Vyver College. It accommodates live hundred students and is in charge of the Sisters of the Order of St. Francis. It has classes in music, needlework, Latin, and French, and a night school for the training of automobile chauffeurs. The head of the college is Father Charles Hannigan, a well-known friend and defender of colored people. MRS. ORA I:. SAUNDERS (Center) AND SOME OF HER CO-WORKERS IX Tl NATIONAL PROTECTIVE LEAGUE FOR NEGRO GIRLS Men of Richmond HE REVEREND W. H. STOKES, Ph. can Prison Association's session in 1908; D., studied at Wayland Seminary. He Governor Mann made him a delegate to the received his B. D., in 1899, from Richmond Southern Sociological Congress in 1914; and Theological Seminary; A. B., Virginia Union Governor Stuart, in 1915, commissioned him University, 1903; A. M., 1904, and Ph. D., in a delegate to the National Conference of 1906. He has been the pastor of Ebenezer Charities and Corrections. Last year Dr. Baptist Church since 1902. His work has Stokes was successful in having closed over been so effective that Governor Swanson twenty saloons in the colored residential commissioned him a delegate to the Amerisection of Jackson Ward for which the citi 128 THE CRISIS MEN OF RICHMOND THE REV. W. H. STOKES DR. M. B. JONES DR. W. H. HUGHES MR. JOHN MITCHELL. JR. THE REV. Z. D. LEWIS ATT'Y. J, T. HEWIN MR. G. W. BRAGG zens presented him a silver loving cup as a token of their appreciation for this service. T&gt;ROFESSOR CHARLES T. RUSSELL is the superintendent of Virginia Union University. He received his early training in the Richmond Public schools and took up architecture at Hampton Institute, and was graduated. He is the only licensed Negro architect in Richmond. His interest in young men who enter into business activities has made him especially appreciated. pvR. MILES B. JONES is a graduate of the old Richmond Institute. He at tended Richmond Theological Seminary and was a teacher for ten years in the Richmond public schools. In 1901 he received his M. D. degree from Howard University Medical School. He is founder and surgeon-inchief of the Richmond Hospital, physician for Virginia Union University, founder of the colored branch of the Young Men's Christian Association in Richmond, and he has been the superintendent of Second Baptist Sunday School since 1889. A TTORNEY J. THOMAS HEWIN was born in Dinwiddie County, Virginia. He studied in the public schools and at Commercial College, at Smithdeal. He is a graduate of Boston University Law School. For the past sixteen years he has practised law in Richmond and become a prominent figure in his profession. He is president of the American Beneficial Insurance Com pany and the Improved Order of the Shep herds and Daughters of Bethlehem recently elected him Grand Shepherd. DR. Z. D. LEWIS is widely known as a Hebrew scholar. He studied at the public schools and Richmond Theological In stitute. He is president of the Baptist General Association of Virginia and has been the pastor of Second Baptist Church for over thirty years. DR. W. N. HUGHES' ability as a sur geon is widely recognized. He received his A. B. from Virginia Normal and Collegiate Institute, in 1893; he was graduated in medicine from Shaw University, in 1897; a post-graduate at Howard University Medical School; and interne at the Freedmen's Hospital from 1897 to 1898. In 1902 Governor Bliss appointed him to serve the government. He resigned this charge in 1915 to go abroad. He attended clinics at Bartholomew Hospital, in London; Pasteur Institute, Paris; and Czerny's Clinics at Heidelberg. He returned to Richmond, where he has since resumed private practise. MR. JOHN MITCHELL, JR., is one of Richmond's bachelors. He was educated at the Armstrong Normal School. He has served as an alderman and in other capacities of city government. He is widely known as the editor of the Richmond Planet. He is Grand Chancellor of the Virginia Knights of PythiaSj Worthy Chancellor of the Court of Calanthe, founder and president of the Mechanics' Savings Bank, and the only Negro member of the American Bankers' Association. pv R. E. R. JEFFERSON was graduated from Shaw University with the degree of B. S., in 1892; and Leonard Medical College, of this university, in 1893. He has since been resident physician of this school and a professor of physiology and chemistry. He is medical examiner for several Negro fraternities in Richmond and Master of Exchequer, Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias. GEORGE W. BRAGG realized over $100, 000 through the laundry business. He then entered the real estate business. He is one of Richmond's most successful busi ness men. TAR . J. B. SIMPSON has been professor of Greek and sociology in Wayland College of Virginia Union University for twenty-five years. He has studied at Way- land Seminary, Washington, D. C ; Colby College, Maine; Newton Theological Sem inary; and the University of Illinois. One of his professors has said of him: "You may strike Mr. Simpson anywhere, at any time, with anything, and he will always ring true." He has lived a life of devotion to principle regardless of popularity. TiyfRS. MAGGIE L. WALKER is the president of the St. Luke's Bank, and the only Negro woman banker in America; Right Worthy Secretary-Treasurer of the Supreme Council of the Independent Order of St. Luke, the editor of the St. Luke's Herald, and the president of the Colored Women's Council of Virginia. She is a product of the Armstrong Normal School. TV/TRS. ORA B. SAUNDERS studied at •*•»-*- the Virginia Normal Industrial Insti tute, at Petersburg, and was graduated in 1900. She is the founder and superinten A GLIMPSE OF SOME • COLORED RICHMOND THE CRISIS dent of the National of Henrico County. League for the ProtecShe received her traintion of Negro Girls, ing in the Richmond one of the two Nepublic schools and gro trustees of Hartsstarted her work as horn Memorial Col an educator at Mounlege; and first vice-tain Road school. This president of the Virschool has since been ginia Federation of rebuilt and named Colored Women's the Virginia E. Clubs. Randolph School in her honor. Last year MISS ADELA F. she founded the ColRUFFIN is the ored Industrial Ex- secretary of the hange in Richmond. branch of the Young Women's Christian R S. LUC Y Association in RichM i BROOKS LEWIS mond. She took spewas born in Richmond, cial training for this Virginia, March 20, work at the National 1861. She was educat Y. W. C. A., in New-ed in the Richmond York City. She studpublic schools. She is ied at Norfolk Misan active charity DR. G. B. SIMPSON sion College and has worker and was presitaught in the normal dent of the Women's Auxiliary of the Richmond Y. M. C. A. for schools and colleges in the South. She is a six years, and was also president of the religious asset to the young people of RichRichmond Y. W. C. A. from its founding in mond. 1912 to 1915. Mrs. Lewis is due much ISS VIRGINIA E. RANDOLPH is the praise for her untiring and successful eforiginator of the Randolph System forts in behalf of this branch of the Y. W. used in the public schools of Richmond, and C. A. during its infancy. is the supervisor of the industrial schools MRS. L. B. LEWIS MRS. M. L. WALKER MISS V. E. RANDOLPH MISS A. F. R TIFFIN THE FINAL STRAIN By G. Douglas Johnson. I CLIMBED the craggy hill of fame, "0 God," I cried, "what bliss"—when lo! Heart-sore and wearily, Came stealing like a pall, Stood on her gleaming goal at length, The strains of Life's Last Symphony, And sighed in ecstacy. In Prelude, to—the call. The Looking Glass LITERATURE above the average, and creditable from ev OUBLEDAY, PAGE AND COMPANY have issued the long-awaited "Book er T. Washington, Builder of a Civiliza tion," by Emmett J. Scott, and Lyman Beecher Stowe (at THE CRISIS office, two dollars, plus postage). The book is handsomely done and en tertainingly written and may be recom mended to the general reader; to those, however, who had hoped for a broad and discriminating statement of the meaning of Mr. Washington and his work, this biog raphy will be a distinct disappointment. The facts were furnished by a man who knew much more than he revealed and they were put into literary shape by another man who did not know or sense the real problem of the Negro in America. The result is, first, a repetition of well-known facts without any illuminating additions; second, an attempt to defend Mr. Wash ington wmere no defense is now needed. Mr. Washington's work is done. No one is attacking him. At the same time those who did disagree with him still hold to their disagreement and they find nothing in this biography to change their conclusions. Finally, there are here and there misleading statements which are very unfortunate, for instance, the sneer on page twenty-four against the "numerically small and individually unimportant' Negroes who opposed Mr. Washington's program" and who were filled with nothing but "Latin, Greek, and Theology, and the like;" and the statement of. the reasons for the failure of the conference at Carnegie Hall, which is not true, and must be so recognized by the numbers who took part. Evidently we have still to look for the real biography of Booker T. Washington. Meantime, those who opposed him may take comfort in a paragraph of Theodore Roosevelt's preface: "In the same way. while Booker T. Washington firmly believed that the attention of the Colored race should be riveted, not on political life, but on success sought in the fields of honest business endeavor, he also felt, and I agreed with him, that it was to the interest of both races that there should be appointments to office of Black Men whose characters and abilities were such that if they were White Men their appointments would be hailed as being well ery standpoint." "In Spite of the Handicap," an autobiography of James D. Corrothers, is a very excellent book and one which we can recommend to our readers. (George H. Doran and Company. At THE CRISIS office, $1.25, plus postage). The story is most entertaining and ends with this fine word: "The best of my life is now. The great gift of life is so pregnant with possibilities that no one possessing it should permanently despair, but rather with an assuring hope trudge forward ever expectantly. And the morn may bring a smile, and the darkness blessed dreams, and Life be big with fulfillment for him. Truly, in my own case, I think I can say that I have tried to do my honest best with that life which held for me so humble a beginning." M. de Zayas has isued "African Ne- JAMES D. CORROTHERS When Ten Years Old I:J4 THE CRISIS g-ro Art, Its Influence on Modern Art." His conclusions are striking: It is certain that before the introduction of the plastic principles of Negro art, abstract representations did not exist among Europeans. Negro art has re-awakened in us the feeling for abstract form, it has brought into our art the means to express our purely sensorial feelings in regard to form, or to find new form in our ideas. The abstract representations of modern art are unquestionably the offspring of the Negro Art which has made us conscious of a subjective state, obliterated by objective education. It is unfortunate that after this true word he should go so far outside of his field as an artist to try and explain Negro achievement as the product of the lowest of human animals. Charles F. Heartman has issued the sec ond volume of his Bibliographica Americ ana. It is entitled, "A Bibliographical Checklist of American Negro Poetry," and was compiled by Arthur A. Schomburg. Mr. Schomburg has brought together over five hundred titles of volumes and pamphlets written by American Negro poets. THE HEGIRA r T , H E continued migration of colored la •1 borers from the South to the North and the West has brought out much editorial com ment. Just before the election, the Democratic party suddenly discovered that the cause of the migration was political. The Watertown, New York, Times said: Attorney General Gregory said imme diately following election: "I have evidence that a large number of Negroes from the South moved into northern states within ninety days before the election. So far, I do not know whether this movement was in dustrial or political, although some of them attempted to register." The American Federation of Labor's resolution will convey to Attorney General Gregory the information that the emigration was industrial. How horrible that some of these men should attempt to register. The Democrats of the South barred the men from voting in their own states, and is it a matter of marvel that, deprived of citizenship, they were inclined to emigrate and that they attempted to register when they got north? The federation and all the South knows that the movement was industrial, and the South wants its cheap labor back home again. The Buffalo Express puts it thus: The administration at Washington is not the only power which is four-flushing on the question presented by the migration of Negro labor from the South to the North. The administration affects to believe that it is political in character. The American Federation of Labor, now in session at Baltimore, alleges that it has discovered that such importation of Negroes to Ohio had demonstrated to the satisfaction of labor leaders in that state that they were being brought North for the purpose of filling the places of union men demanding better conditions, as in the case of freight handlers. The Milwaukee Leader spoke boldly: The Negro laborer is becoming accustomed to being deprived of rights that constitutions and legislation have conferred upon him. But the peculiar efforts now being made to hold him in the South, where he has so long been condemned as a curse, must awaken some surprise. Three years ago the Federal Department of Labor established a free employment bureau. It was hailed as a long step toward solving the unemployed problem. At least, it would enable the worker to find the most desirable jobs. Then came the war and for the first time in the history of capitalism, there was really no army of unemployed. But there was still a very great difference in jobs. Manufacturers and munition workers were paying wages that looked like affluence to the Negro field worker. So these workers started North by hundreds of thousands. Many of them were assisted in so doing by the information furnished by the federal employment offices. Now come the legislatures of several Southern States and the city councils of many cities passing laws and ordinances prohibiting the operation of any employment offices. Some municipalities have even forbidden the emigration of Negroes. All make it a crime to "entice" workmen from their employment. Hereafter, all legislation pretending to confer any rights or liberties should avoid such difficulties by attaching a clause providing that it "shall not apply to Negroes." On second thought the clause might as well read "all workingmen excepted." The resolutions adopted by the American Federation of Labor at its recent convention in Baltimore were as follows: "Whereas, The emigration of Southern Negroes to Northern labor centers, which has occasioned anxiety on the part of the United States Department of Labor, and has occasioned aniety on the part of the organized labor movement because of the danger such emigration will cause the workers in the Northern states; and "Whereas, The investigation of such emigration and importation of Negroes into the State of Ohio has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the labor leaders in that state that they are being brought North for the purpose of filling the places of union men demanding better conditions, as in the case of the freight handlers; and "Whereas, The shortage of European la THE LOOKING GLASS bor has made the Southern Negro an asset in the labor markets of the North, and the conditions that prevail in Ohio may apply in all Northern states; therefore, be it "Resolved that this thirty-sixth annual convention of the American Federation of Labor instruct the president and executive council to inaugurate a movement looking toward the organization of these men in the Southern states, to the end that they may be instructed and educated along the lines of the trade-union movement, and thereby eliminate this menace to the workers of the Northern states." Meantime, some colored men have been frankly expressing in the columns of Southern white papers their opinions as to the cause of the migration of the better class of Negroes. Sidney H. Johnson, in the New Orleans Times-Picayune, said: The Negro is despised by the lower element of white men, who continually aggravate him in town and city, and laws that are made to govern all are only meted out to the Negro. The better class Negro does not violate the law save when compelled to do so—that is to act in self-defense—and the chances are he may never get a chance to get safely in jail where he can give an account of his actions and prove that he was justified in doing what he did. There is no protection for us in our homes. A white man can kill a Negro any time he likes and simply say the Negro assaulted him. He goes free. A Negro does not protect himself in the South. Several days ago during the announcing of returns of the world's series, I was driving up Camp Street. Little boys began spitting in my face. Finally, the grown ones did the same. In order to save my life I had to endure all this. During" carnival times, they beat up Negroes terribly. The police never show up until it's over. It's useless to appeal for protection; you may land in jail. It's true the Negro can not exercise his mechanical trade in the North as well as he can in our Southland, but it's the peaceful way of living that he goes for; a right to his rights; a right to live in peace and harmony unmolested by those he does not care to be with socially or domestically. LYNCHING W. F. CLAYTON writes in the Charles * ton News and Courier: Are we a civilized, enlightened, and Christian people, and allow such things to continue? Why, unless this manner of acting by our people is not put a stop to, we arc not even half-civilized. In fact, we are barbarous. Now, why is this state of things allowed? Our people as a whole arc not in favor of such lawlessness. The reason is found in the fact that while our people have physical courage, they lack moral courage to rise up and cry out against such outrages. They deplore them, but are moral cowards, and keep quiet. Even if put upon jury they won't convict, so the criminals go unpunished with, as they think, a license to continue their brutal doings. It is not as a general thing the lower order of humanity who inaugurate lynchings. Their position in society is such that they can't afford to. Like a pack of sheep they will gladly follow leaders from the better class, and they generally get that leadership. In confirmation of the above, we have received this letter from Abbeville: I saw through TH E CRISIS in reading about the murder of Anthony Crawford that you said it was a crowd of idlers from the square. I just want to tell you the mistake. They were not idlers. They were clerks from the stores. The merchants closed their stores and went out with sticks, ax handles, and pick handles to beat him with; and there was not but one colored person around to say a word—that was a woman and she was ordered to leave Abbeville. Southern papers are stressing the "pocketbook" argument against lynching. As the New York Globe says: South Carolina may not be open to claims of abstract right and justice, but her business men do not wish to lynch their pocketbooks. It is generally recognized that if the oppression of the Negroes is to stop in the South the change must come from within; must be the work of the Southern people themselves; that it can not be introduced from without. Comment from the outside is practically helpful in so far as it may tend to persuade the Southern people themselves to undertake the great work of improving the relations of the two races. But the aftermath of the Abbeville lynching furnishes evidence that at last a change is coming. Anthony Crawford is reported to have once said to a friend: "The day a white man hits me is the day I die." The instinct of his manhood led him to resist wrong even though he well knew the consequences to him personally. He died, but his death gives promise of not having been in vain. A writer to the Albany, Georgia, Her ald asked: "Do the people of the South realize that one of the most effective arguments used to attract Negroes from this section to the North is the assurance that there the Negro receives as fair treatment as the white man? With the boll weevil just establishing itself in Georgia, do the Georgians who fear demoralization in the ranks of farm labor realize that when a Georgia Negro is told that in New Jersey, for instance, the Negro gets a 'square deal' in the courts, the argument makes a tremendous appeal to him?" THE CRISIS The Augusta Chronicle adds: The Chronicle agrees with its Albany contemporary in its further comment that inevitably a majority of the Negroes who are leaving the South for the North are going to be disappointed in the change—as many of them have already become—but this is not going to keep them from leaving this section; particularly, when the appeal is made to them that they are in constant danger of mob violence. The truth of the matter is—these lawless mobs have already cost the South millions of dollars, and it is high time that the best farmers and business men were raising their voices in defense of their own interests. After all, the pocketbook argu ment may make the strongest appeal. The Columbia State says: The matter is one which chiefly concerns the southern farmers. If they stand by and tolerate the driving of the Negroes out of the South by crime and cruelty, their complaints about the loss of their labor will hardly command attention. Every southern lyncher is an emigration agent working effectively for northern employers. The White Presbyterian Synod of Georgia was not so cowardly as The Arkansas Synod. The Georgia Synod raised a mighty voice against the lynching horror: Resolved, that the synod of Georgia, in the discharge of its sacred trust as a divinely commissioned expounder of the will of God, hereby records its abhorrence of the crime of lynching, a crime which can be characterized by no milder term than murder, deliberate and premeditated. The crime is rather aggravated than paliated by the numbers who take part in it. The pollution of soul and degradation of character, which inevitably result from such a brutal crime, are not distributed in fractional parts, but come as an undivided curse upon each participant. The guilt or innocence of the victim modifies but slightly, if at all, the quality of the act. Lynchers are no more authorized by God or man, by human or divine law, to kill a guilty criminal than to kill an exemplary citizen. In cither case they defy God, dishonor the state, and debase themselves. Resolved second, that the synod would welcome the corroborative testimony of its sister churches that by the combined influence of God's people this crime of lynching might be branded with the infamy which it deserves, and the public conscience so enlightened and aroused that in the future our country should be spared the odium which this relic of barbarism has brought upon it. While Paducah refused even to indict her lynchers and Abbeville passed resolutions and arrested five of the lynchers for disorderly conduct and immediately released them on bail, Lima, Ohio, acted more rationally. The Cleveland Plaindealer says: It required but thirty-five minutes for a Putnam County jury this week to find guilty one of the rioters who at Lima last August attempted to lynch the sheriff because he had spirited away a prisoner whom the mob desired to punish. He is a machinist who, the evidence showed, climbed a telegraph pole, fastened a rope and then helped place the noose about the sheriff's neck. This is the second conviction at Lima. A grocer has already been convicted on a charge similar to that against the machinist. Thirty-two others remain to be tried. Lima does well. A community may be properly blamed for letting its angry passions reach the point of murderous violence. It is more blameworthy, however, if, after the event, it is so forgetful of its self-respect as to let the riotous participants escape punishment for their crime. Two men started for the penitentiary and thirty-two on the court's waiting list is Lima's answer to the implication of her critics of last summer. W. E. Wimpy, writing in the Manufacturers' Record, Baltimore, says: Lynching in the South is a fact, not a theory. In your issue of August 24, I showed by statistics seventy-eight lynchings in nine and one-half months in the United States, and seventy-seven of them were in the South. This, I said, was caused by the multitude of county governments within the southern states, and I stick to it. There is no land under Heaven where the officers swarm from so many hives as in the State of Georgia. A few days ago our newspapers were telling of a woman who went to intercede in a dispute between her son and an overseer; the man attacked the boy's mother; the boy felled the overseer and fled. When he was captured he did not know the man was dead and that his mother had been lynched. The man who notices things and remembers them will tell you that the majority of those lynched never see inside of a courthouse from the time the notion is taken to lynch until their eyes are closed in death on the tree. Now, I will give some figures that the doubting Thomases can look up. The six New England States have combined sixty-seven counties; Georgia has 152. The Middle States—New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware — have combined 153 counties; Georgia has 152. The four Middle States have a population of 19,521,214; Georgia has only 2,609,121. The six New England States have a population of 6,652,683; Georgia has only 2,609,121. * The sixteen Southern States combined have 1.504 counties, which constitute an army that is controlled and presided over by sixteen state armies or state governments, besides a large army of politicians, and a THE LOOKING GLASS still larger army of more respectable non-producing gentry, and there are two other large non-producing armies that are helping to keep the "dear peepul" away from the savings banks of the "dear Solid South." Not since one of the 1,504 little county or family governments has been born in the southern states has papa or the state dared to invade or enter therein unless requested by her sheriff, not even when five were lynched on one tree, three men and two women, and one man shot for good measure, all on the same day It is unthinkable that the guarantee of our nation should be treated as a scrap of paper. With several hundred lynched since Mr. Wilson took the oath I mentioned above, I have yet to hear of him opening his mouth or raising a hand toward attempting to protect one life from being lynched. He could at least have written one "note." Duck and dodge the question as we may, Mr. Wilson has failed in this situation, and it is criminal to attempt to deny it. THE ELECTION EVERYONE concedes that without The Solid South Mr. Wilson could not have been re-elected. The New Republic, New York, says: By a narrow margin he has won a vote of confidence in his general purpose, domestic and foreign, but no one who is candid about the electoral aid of the Solid South can pretend that the re-election is a nationwide examination and affirmation of his policies. The Cleveland Leader is more outspoken: No official result of the presidential election, no recounting or corrections, can in any way alter one great fact which concerns the opinions, the sentiment and the best judgment of the American people. It is their decision, by a very large popular vote plurality in the states where elections mean a free and honest test of beliefs and desires, that Charles Evans Hughes, not Woodrow Wilson, represented the best policies and the soundest forces in American public life. Outside of those states in the South, where elections are a farce and the Constitution of the United States is absolutely disregarded and trodden upon in every national contest, there is a net margin for Hughes over Wilson of at least 300,000. It may be 400,000 or more. Excluding Border States which have comparatively little vote suppression and coercion, the Hughes plurality is fully 500,000. This fact is well worth keeping in mind and weighing carefully in all efforts to judge the real opinion of the American people on great issues of the day. If the Constitution of the United States had any force or effect in the gulf states and some states on the southern Atlantic coast, in respect to the suffrage, there would not have been anything close about the result of the national election. Even the South now and then recognizes its menace to itself. An "Old Confederate" writes the New York Tribune, from Virginia: The South is perfectly willing to form a coalition with any dissatisfied element in the North, provided that element is strong enough to assure victory and will for the time being allow itself to be called Democratic. Every question is of secondary importance to the South in comparison with the one which appeals to us every day, namely, how does the solution of this question or that question affect our relation to the Negro? The Negro is before us, in the flesh, tangible; all other questions are theoretical. We are going to settle this question—the tangible one—to suit ourselves. We have no firm convictions on any other question. An important question came up some months back. President Wilson and his Secretary of War, Mr. Garrison, agreed that the best way to prepare the country to defend itself against foreign aggression was to compel every able-bodied male citizen of military age to undergo military training for a stated period. The president went before the country and aroused the people to a realization of the danger of unpreparedness. His speeches were very effective. He came back to Washington ready to place before Congress his plans to raise this great army of soldiers. In the meanwhile the Democratic congressmen from the South had heard from their constituents. These congressmen went to Mr. Wilson and told him that the South would not for one minute agree to arming and training as soldiers the young Negro men of the South. The king can do no wrong, and Mr. Garrison was unceremoniously kicked out of the cabinet. The menace of the South is real. We are a menace to ourselves as well as to you. Thousands of us vote the Democratic ticket, but in our hearts hope the good sense of the North will save us from a calamity of our own making. FROM LAODICEA LF ARRISON RHODES has had two arti*• cles on the Negro problem in the New Republic, New York, which are stimulating. He writes, for instance, speaking of the North: The practitioners of the new pro-southern view never repel the insinuation that though they are of the honest industrious bourgeois North, they really belong in spirit to the impetuous, idle, and aristocratic South. And besides these social snobs, there are intellectual ones as well. To say that the Abolitionists and their theories were already out of fashion has seemed such a brisk modern note, and appeared to suggest so 13S THE strongly that the thinker of such thoughts was both original and independent. To be the first in a New England or a northern Ohio community to discover that it had been a mistake to give the Negro the vote was a privilege for anyone who cared to be esteemed a pioneer in iconoclastic and revolutionary thought To a dispassionate observer, the fear of social equality between white and black is now for the most part a mere bogie-man to frighten children with. It is certain that the Negro, so soon as he can afford them, would like to travel in Pullman cars, go to good hotels and enjoy orchestra seats in the theatre; but it is also quite probable that he would be content that whites should be excluded from all these places. The discomforts of the Jim-Crow car are probably the chief objection to it. It may be that with the years he has seen more of the whites, but at any rate it actually seems as if the passion for social acknowledgment, which no doubt seized upon many Negroes after the war has abated if not almost wholly passed. It was symptomatic of that time; it, or at least its excesses, have gone with it. It is extremely doubtful whether, as is so often asserted, morbidly ambitious blacks are everywhere cherishing that traditional fond hope of being "received at our dinner tables." The settlements in the Yazoo River districts in Mississippi where prosperous agricultural and trading- communities exist, wholly free from whites, may quite as likely represent for them an ideal. Does it never occur to anyone that the Negro might conceivably be tired of the white man, of his interference—even of his help and his very presence? A great deal of genuine feeling both North and South against the Negro masquerades as traditional race prejudice, and thus, as it were, avoids detection and straightforward dealing. Our grievance against him today is really largely an economic one. He has, to our eyes, two great defects. First, he will not work for us when we want him to. Second, he has a low standard of living and when he will work is often ready to accept lower wages than the whites. We think it would be presumptuous of him to have any higher standard of living and we quite think he deserves lower wages, and yet—the whole question is a mass of contradictions, almost paradoxes. Everyone who has worked with and for the Negro knows by this time—or ought to know, if he is honest with himself—that it is quite impossible to hope that the Negro will ever love labor purely for its own sake, or long passionately to toil because the white man thinks it would lie a virtue in him to toil. Are there many whites who work in just this way? Art for art's sake is sufficiently difficult; hard work for hard work's sake even more difficult to indoctrinate Now in these troubled days of the twentieth century, with clouded horizons and the social revolution like a mirage before us. CRISIS we may still love humanity while we deny its freedom and only hope for its equality in some future day. Is it not possible, in the interests both of black man and of white, to leave unsettled the question of the black's equality and his destiny, and meanwhile to appreciate his suave good-natured contribution to our national tone? And not to become too enthusiastic about not giving him his chance? Reginald Wright Kauffman writes to the New York Evening Post and to the Philadelphia Public Ledger: Pray permit me, even though it involves an introductory mention of my own work, space in your columns to point out a habit of mind from which I am but one of many sufferers. I refer to the habit that forbids any Northern writer to write of the South. My new novel, "The Mark of the Beast," is pitched in the South and revolves about the lynching of a Negro for a crime .of which a white man was guilty—and the South doesn't like it. Southern' papers refuse advertisements; they shout condemnation; not on moral grounds or literary; they simply say that I have "failed to understand the Negro problem," simply move Mr. Charles W. Chesnutt, for whose "Conjure Woman" readers will long be grateful, to write me: "The South is so much the spoiled child of the American family that if ever a writer sees fit to write anything about it in any but an adulatory manner, he is apt to come in for a very sharp scolding." What has spoiled the South? Why, so far as it is concerned, may anybody discuss graft or the absurdly so-called "white slavery" and nobody child labor or lynching? No New Yorker, so far as I can recall, scolded me for my exposure of certain New York conditions in "The House of Bondage." Why all this mystery on the part of Southerners, and especially Southern writers, about the "Negro problem." If there is a "Negro problem," why do Southerners object to its mention? If there is a "Negro problem" that Northerners are incapable of telling the truth about, why don't the Southern novelists tell the truth about it? They tell nothing, yet they grant the right of fiction to discuss problems, and the word "problem" implies something to be solved. I have said "The South." Perhaps I have there played into the hands of the persons I refer to; they call themselves "The South," but they are not; they are only a small portion of it. Men such as former Supreme Court Justice Gudger, of North Carolina, and Edmund F. Noel, the Democratic ex-Governor of Mississippi, have praised my book, and Bishop Cheshire, of North Carolina, has written me approving my attitude in regard to lynch law. Such men are in the majority in the South; they not only oppose lynching; they do not' object to Northerners opposing it. The fault may, therefore, lie with the North, which is too ready to accept the loud voice of the fren THE LOOKING GLASS zied few for the sober judgment of the high-The Alabama Urban League, of Newark, minded many. New Jersey, sends this open letter to Major But why the few? And why our acceptMoton, signed by Miss Eva C. Alford, presi ance of them? dent, and other officers: MOTON PRINCIPAL MOTON, of Tuskegee In stitute, Alabama, has again struck the wrong note, in the opinion of the colored press. The Georgia Baptist confesses, for instance: That we are tired and sick of the me, too, boss, hat-in-hand "nigger." And we are also sick of the type whose dictum is: "So I get a plenty the devil take the rest of the 'niggers.' " We are constrained to believe that a seri ous mistake has been made in electing "Major" Moton principal of Tuskegee. He is attempting to follow the path blazed by the late Booker T. Washington when he has neither the wisdom, the ability, nor the vision to do so. First, we find him publicly rebuking his wife for riding in a Pullman car, according to The Associated Press's report, which the "Major" has never denied, and now we find him telling Negroes to refuse to accept industrial opportunities offered them North and to refuse to try to make better the future for themselves and for their families. So long as no industrial opportunities were offered Negroes North, it was well to advise them to remain in the South, but now, with these opportunities opening more and more to our people, it is positively criminal to advise them against accepting them. A Northern colored paper, the Pittsburg Courier, says: For the reason that great men of whatever race or color advise those of lesser magnitude to seek the best individual advantages, and having found them to give the best possible service—Dr. Moton has missed an opportunity to achieve still greater personal prominence by the utterance of the advice accredited to him—that the Negro is essentially a Southern product, and should remain in the Southland, and that those who have already cast their lots in the East, the West and the North would do well to return South. In this respect we regret that he has not measured up to the expected standard. We have hailed Dr. Moton as the standard bearer for the race, without regard to the locality in which its members may be domiciled. He should be equally as representative of the Negro of the other three points of the compass as of the Negro who is to be found in the South. His spoken word should be the result of deep thought and consideration and his doctrine apply to the Negro's condition, wherever situated. A man with the training of Dr. Moton, both North and South, should be a broad man, and one capable of attracting to his aid and assistance men from everywhere. A representative from our league, who is no stranger in and around New York City, .spent much time trying to locate such alleged conditions as contained in the statement, "huddled together like pigs," and reports that such a condition does not exist and the statement is calculated to do much harm. We, therefore, go on record as most bitterly opposing the stand you take in the matter of Negro exodus from the South, the time, place, and manner in which you expressed yourself, from and because of which great injustice will be done the entire race in America. POLLARD • TT is not that Fritz Pollard is a "colored" football player, but that he is a football player. The editor of the Yale Alumni Weekly writes of the Yale-Brown game: We're not in it a minute as things stand now. I saw the Brown game. Harvard could have licked us 30 to 0 on the basis of our play. We apparently had things going well into the second quarter,—yet lacked the punch for a touchdown on the fourth down on their line. Then they cut loose with Pollard, the niftiest half-back I ever saw. He's great this year, no doubt about it; wears no chest or shoulder padding, just a jersey; is a human eel. First they carried the ball from the center of the field to our forty yard line. Then Pollard cut around our right tackle and was going great guns over for a touchdown, when our left end took a flying tackle and brought him down on the five-yard line. Four bangs gained nothing at all,—wonderful defense. I was right behind the play in the stand, and saw the finest defensive work on Legore's part that I ever looked at. He saved that touchdown. He had to kick out from behind the line, a high kick diagonally between the posts and with the Brown men on him. Then they came back-by yards and had a first down inside our eight-yard line. Again we showed magnificent goal line defense. They got two yards in three downs. Then our men spread out for a forward pass attack, and they drove through guard instead of tackle as Legorc expected. The ball was just over our line, with the two teams the other side. But Pollard's great run was a dandy. He must have covered all but ten yards of the entire field. He was pocketed three times in a mass of players, but wriggled out, dodging like an eel. He had a free run from our twenty-five yard line on the west line. He is a perfect wonder. The ovation to Wilson at Madison Square Garden was nothing to the handclapping Pollard got as he ambled circumspectly back to his position after their goal. The Horizon G Mr. Carl Diton, pianist, and Director of MUSIC AND ART MISS HELEN E. HAGAN, pianist, gave her first recital in Boston, Massachu setts, on November 23, at Steinert Hall. The program was as follows: Franck, Pre lude Chorale, and Fugue; Schumann, Car- naval, opus 9; Liszt, Liebestraum; Debus sy, Jardin sous la pluie; Coleridge-Taylor, Deep River, Let Us Cheer the Weary Trav eler, Bamboula; Chopin, Scherzo in B-flat minor. The Boston Herald said of the re cital: "Miss Hagan's tone is remarkable for its quality- and depth. She has abundant technique, which is skillfully used for pur poses of interpretation. Her legato is smooth. She can sing a melody. Her touch is now luscious, now caressing. As an interpreter, she listens to inner voices. In her playing there is idealism, as well as youthful intensity. She is both imaginative and emotional. In a word, Miss Hagan de serves an honorable place among the younger pianists." G Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, appeared at Jordan Hall, Boston, Massachusetts, on November 17. He was assisted by Mr. Wesley Howard, violinist, and Mr. William Lawrence, accompanist. The Boston Transcript made note of the excellence of Mr. Lawrence's accompaniments, while the Boston Globe said of Mr. Hayes: "His voice is one of uncommon beauty, holding deep within it that poignant call to the heart which is a heritage most of all to the singers of his race. The voice has grown year by year; its sweetness is no less appealing, and Mr. Hayes has increased greatly his breadth and authority of style in the delivery of a song." C Mr. Clarence Cameron White, violinist, is now on concert tour in the Middle West. He has given successful recitals at Columbus, Ohio, and Chicago, Illinois. On November 15, he was heard in a joint recital with Miss Myrtle A. Burgess, pianist, at The Wheatley Branch of The Young Women's Christian Association, in St. Louis, Missouri. Mr. White played numbers by Brahms-Joachim, Hubay, Dvorak-Kreisler, Chaminade-Kreisler, and his own "Three Bandana Sketches," written after the Negro idiom. the Music Department of Talladega College, Alabama, is filling a series of concert engagements in the North. On November 10, he was heard at the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church, in Washington, D. C , where he was assisted by the choir of the church, Mr. C. H. Wesley, director, and The Dunbar High School Chorus, conducted by Miss Mary L. Europe. C Major Walter Loving, the retired conductor of The Philippine Constabulary Band, is to become the Director of the Washington, D. C , Concert Orchestra, which is to be re-organized into a symphony orchestra with its membership augmented to one hundred. C Mme. Mayme Calloway-Byron, soprano, of Chicago, Illinois, was enthusiastically received at the A. M. E. Zion Church, in Washington, D. C , on November 16: Her program comprised operatic selections from Charpentier, Verdi, Puccini, and Gounod. She was assisted by W. Henry Hackney, baritone, who sang with Mme. Calloway, in addition to his solo, the duet, "O Quant Occhi Fisi," from Puccini's "Madame Butterfly." Mme. Calloway has had the distinction of appearing with The Philharmonic Orchestras of Munich, and Dresden. C Coleridge-Taylor's "Dawn" was one of the English songs that was given the distinction of repetition when sung by Mme. Alma Gluck, the noted American soprano, at her recital in The Auditorium at Minneapolis, Minnesota, late in October. C Mr. Henry T. Burleigh was at the piano when Charles Harrison, American tenor, sang songs by Burleigh at the second of Max Sander's musicales at The Harris Theater, in New York City, on November 5. Orchestral numbers were played by the strings and woodwind of The Russian Symphony Orchestra. C Messrs. Henry T. Burleigh and James Reese Europe participated in a program at Kismet Temple, Brooklyn, New York, November 16, to open the campaign for $100,000 needed to develop the work of Howard Orphanage. This orphanage was started by a colored woman, Mrs. S. A. Tillman, fifty years ago, and incorporated in 1868, 140 THE HORIZON 141 and named in honor of General O. O. Howard, who became interested in the project. L. Hollingsworth Wood, 20 Nassau Street, New York City, is president of the institution. G The Orpheum Choral Society has been organized in Richmond, Virginia. It made its first appearance September 13, before a large audience. ATHLETICS r T", HE following football scores have been * made: Fisk 35—West Virginia 12. Fisk 0—Howard 16. Morehouse 14—Fisk 0. Morehouse 23—Tuskegee 0. Morehouse 17—Atlanta 10. Hampton 19—Lincoln 7. Howard 7—West Virginia 7. Livingstone 25—Shaw 11. Atlanta 6—Tuskegee 0. Prairie View 26—Bishop 13. Biddle 14—Benedict 0. Biddle 21—Livingstone 0. Hampton 12—Howard 3. Hampton 15—Virginia Union 6. G Mr. P. J. Carter, assistant coach at Howard University, selects the following colored All-American Football Team for the Border States: End—Brewer (Fisk). Tackle—Matthews (Howard), Capt. Guard—Puryear (Union). Center—Dabney (Hampton). Guard—Dawson (Hampton). Tackle—Banks (Hampton). End—Green (Howard). Quarterback—Harvey (Hampton). Halfback—Hughes (W. Va. Inst.). Halfback—Dorsey (Hampton). Fullback—Pinderhughes (Howard). SOCIAL PROGRESS THE city of Rochester, New York, is planning to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of the birth of Frederick Douglass, February 15, 1917. G Mr. Raymond J. Knox, a colored railway postal clerk running between Kansas City, Missouri, and Omaha, Nebraska, has made his third consecutive 100 per cent examination of states by routes. G Mr. Benjamin Brawley, Dean and Pro fessor of English in Morehouse College, has in the Sewanee Review, for October, a highly technical article, "English Hymnody and Romanticism." Mr. Brawley has had an active year of publication. Other important articles have been as follows: "Pre-Raphaelitism and Its Literary Relations," in the South Atlantic Quarterly, for January; "The Negro in American Fiction," in the Dial, for May 11; "Lorenzo Dow," simultaneously published in July in the Methodist Review and the Journal uf Neyro History; and "The Course in English in the Secondary School," in the Southern Workman, for September. In addition, Mr. Brawley has written the formal "History of Morehouse College" that is announced for publication in connection with the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the college, in February. G Mr. George W. Wheeler, of Dayton, Ohio, has been promoted from the police force to detective duty. C Mr. Wellington Willard has recently been selected as private stenographer to the treasurer of The Pennsylvania Sugar Com pany, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Mr. Willard has been with this corporation one year as one of eight stenographers employed in the general offices. He won recognition by accuracy displayed in a recent efficiency contest held by the company. G Negro farmers in Jefferson County, Arkansas' cotton belt, are attracting much attention to themselves. Mrs. Rebecca Dawson, sixty-five years old, owns and drives her $1000 automobile; Mr. Frank Prewitt, a tenant at Sherrill, has paid his $800 debt, $725 on this year's debt, has $500 cash, and three bales of cotton worth at least $350; Mr. Files Sanders, a tenant at Ladds, has paid his $1000 debt, and has a surplus of $1500; Mr. Drew Sims, on the plantation of D. B. Niven, at Tucker, has bought for cash a $1250 seven-passenger automobile; Mr. S. B. Adams, a blacksmith and farmer in Grady, recently left town in his $1250 car. G Colored policemen attached to the Nine teenth District Station House in Phila delphia, Pennsylvania, won several prizes and the championship cup awarded the dis trict scoring the highest number of points at the Policemen's Carnival held at the Philadelphia Ball Park, October 21 . Their score was twenty-two, and that of their nearest rival, ten. C The membership of the colored Young Women's Christian Association, in Indianapolis, Indiana, has grown from 200 to 850 within the past month. 142 THE G The machine gun troop of the Ninth (Negro) Cavalry, U. S. A., has set a new record for gun practise. They went into action from a gallop in 12 2-5 seconds. Not only did they do astonishingly rapid work, but they literally shot the line of targets down after scoring 73 hits on 65 per cent of the targets, firing 240 rounds in a minute and ten seconds, the range being battle sight. At another time during the same series of tests, the troop scored 50 per cent of figures hit at 550 yards in thirty seconds' firing, and 96 per cent of figures hit at 780 yards in one minute of firing. G A health association in connection with The St. Luke's Hospital and Training School for Negroes, Inc., at Columbia, South Carolina, has been organized and incorporated under the laws of the state. C At a meeting of The Missouri State Board of Dental Examiners held in Jefferson City, October 9 to 11, six colored applicants were successful. C Mr. Monroe N. Work, of Tuskegee Institute, has been made a member of The National Institute of Efficiency, with headquarters at Washington, D. C. He was nominated for membership by Hamilton Holt, of the Independent. G Major William Stewart Robertson, a colored man, has been awarded a medal for gallantry. He is a member of the British Army, and The Royal Highlanders. He is now on duty near or around Flanders. G Charity Hospital and Training School for Nurses, which was founded by colored citizens of Savannah, Georgia, twenty-three years ago, is asking for $20,000 to build and equip a modern hospital. Mr. P. A. Denegall is president. C Dr. and Mrs. Noah Elliott, former slaves, over ninety years of age, have contributed $500 to the colored Young Men's Christian Association's building in Columbus, Ohio. C The white people of Albany, New York, have held a meeting to help the colored population in various ways. C Mr. Charles C. Allison, Jr., former secretary of boys' work with The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, in New York City, was recently made secretary of the colored Big Brother movement. G An infirmary for colored people has been opened in Birmingham, Alabama, at 1508 Seventh Avenue. CRISIS G The Pythians of Tennessee have started a campaign to raise $25,000 for the purchase of the two-story structure with a fifty-five foot frontage on Cedar Street, and 120 feet on Fourth Avenue, Nashville, for their Pythian Temple. C The Baltimore, Maryland, colored Young Men's Christian Association has secured property at McCulloh and Dolphin Streets, for their new $100,000 building. G The following is the report of the colored Carnegie Library at Houston, Texas, for the month ending October 31: Visitors to reading room, 1,011; meetings in building, 32; new borrowers, 18; total number of borrowers, 2,527. Fines collected, $7.79. Circulation of books, 1,501. EDUCATION PALMER MEMORIAL INSTITUTE, in Sedalia, North Carolina, has celebrated its fifteenth anniversary. Mrs. Charlotte Hawkins Brown, the founder, has raised a $15,000 fund for the institution. G The late Mrs. Martha H. Andrew, a white millionaire, has willed $50,000 each to Tuskegee and Hampton. C Dr. Samuel G. Elbert has been appointed to the trustee board of The State College, near Dover, Delaware, by Governor Miller. Although this college is composed of colored students, Dr. Elbert is the first Negro to hold the position of trustee. C Professor Frank Trigg, principal of Virginia Collegiate and Industrial Institute, Lynchburg, who has been engaged in school work for thirty-five years, has been elected to succeed Dr. J. E. Wallace, who recently resigned as president of Bennett College, Greensboro, North Carolina. G The Colored High School at Fort Worth, Texas, has been compelled to transfer more than one hundred of her pupils to a building formerly used by the whites. G Five colored men received their degrees with honor among the fifty-six graduates of Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario. They were: Messrs. F. F. Carter, M. B., of Ran Fernando, Trinidad; J. W. T. Case, M. B., of Georgetown, B. G., who received the degrees of M. D., and C. M.; O. K. Blackett, of Port of Spain, Trinidad; G. H. Clarke, of Manzanilla, Trinidad, and C. A. Palmer of St. Ann's Bay, Jamaica, received the degree of M. B. G The Tri-County Institute of Colored Teachers of Wicomico, Somerset and THE HORIZON Worcester Counties, Maryland, held its second annual session at Princess Anne, November 27 to 29. When the registration was completed it was found that the 118 teachers of the three counties were present, with only two exceptions. C The purchase of a $3,000 site at Nelson Street and East Vine Avenue, Knoxville, Tennessee, for the erection of a library for Negroes, has been authorized by the City Commission. C In December, 1916, Mr. Howard Fisher, of Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania, will complete his eighteen months' term of office as president of The Darby Township School Board. He has served for one term of six years and has been re-elected for a similar term. He is the only colored member of the board which has under its control three schools, one white, one mixed, and one colored, which are taught by seven white and four colored teachers. C Plans are under consideration for the erection of a §100,000 high school for colored pupils in Richmond, Virginia. C The public schools of Richmond, Virginia, have installed lunch rooms where school children may get wholesome and nutritious lunches at reasonable prices. The first lunch room was established at The George Mason School, by a colored woman, Miss Theresita B. Chiles, head of the domestic-science department. C The Board of Trustees of Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute has unanimously elected Mr. William G. Willcox, president of The Board of Education of New York City, and a member of the Tuskegee Board of Trustees for ten years, to succeed the late Mr. Seth Low, chairman of the Tuskegee board. INDUSTRY A CCORDING to the New York World, Negroes have left the South for the North as follows, since the recent immigration: From Alabama, 60,000; Tennessee, 22,000; Florida, 12,000; Georgia, 10,000; Virginia, 3,000; North Carolina, 2,000; Kentucky, 3,000; South Carolina, 2,000; Arkansas, 2,000; Mississippi, 2,000. C Ten thousand Negroes recruited in South Africa as a military unit, are doing labor service in Europe. (I Ira J. Mix, the well known milk dealer, in Chicago, Illinois, recently sold out to Kee and Chapel. When the latter firm took hold of the business all the Negro employees were discharged, despite the fact that they belonged to The Milk Wagon Drivers' Union. ([ Three hundred and fifty colored men arc-being employed at Galesburg, Illinois, by The C. B. and Q, Railroad Company. The Rev. John Garrison, pastor of The A. M. E. Church, at Galesburg, is interesting him self in these men and their families and inviting them to the churches so that they may become acquainted with the citizens, and be made welcome to the city. {[ A Negro farmer in Eufala, Alabama, got $166.32 for a 770-pound bale of cotton and seed, the largest brought to the city this year. C Mr. Charles M. Schwab is planning to give Negro labor a chance at his steel works plant near Baltimore, Maryland. ([ Mr. G. W. Richardson, a Negro, won first prize in the live stock department of hogs at the Southeast Texas Fair, a white concern, but open to all contestants. C The colored undertakers of North Carolina are promoting a movement to erect a $40,000 casket factory and embalming school in that state, probably at Durham, where colored men and women will be given lucrative employment. This is a worthy undertaking, for it is said that nearly one million dollars is expended yearly by Negro undertakers to white firms for funeral supplies. Mr. A. L. Garrett is the promoter of the movement. C Fifty Negro men and women of Helena, Arkansas, met October 17, and made plans for the establishment of a bank in Helena, to be capitalized at $25,000. Nearly $5,000 of the stock has been subscribed. C Thirty-five Negro mechanics are employed at the Holyoke Machinery Plant, in Holyoke, Massachusetts, as machinists, foundrymen, pattern makers and laborers, at wages ranging from two to four dollars a day, with a chance for promotion. The families of many of these men have also taken up residence in Holyoke. C The National Benefit Association, in Washington, D. C , celebrated its eighteenth anniversary, October 23. The following figures are worthy of mention: Claims paid, $82,000; Real estate, $153,000; Bonds and cash, $260,000; Insurance in force, $5,656, 588. C Mr. J. W. Andrews, a colored farmer, is having erected a $10,000 two-story brick THE CRISIS and basement building; near Sherman, Texas, for colored tenants. He has employed a colored contractor with all colored help. C Mr. M. Lafayette Dean won the first prize for a handmade library table at the white industrial and agricultural exposition held in Fort Smith, Arkansas. G The National League on Urban Conditions among Negroes has sent Mr. James W. Johnson, contributing editor of the New York Age, to investigate the cause of the migration of Negro laborers from the South to the North. His main effort is with the press. POLITICS SENATOR BOISE PENROSE, of Penn sylvania, announces that he will introduce into Congress a bill for federal supervision of national elections. G The Rev. R. W. Christian, a colored man, of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has been appointed special agent for the U. S. Census Bureau in the collection of Negro religious statistics. G Major-General R. R. Jackson has been re-elected to the Third District of the Chicago, Illinois, State Legislature. G Mr. Ebenezer H. Harper, a Negro of McDowell County, West Virgina, has been elected to the State Legislature. He received 55,000 votes and led his ticket by over 1000 votes. Mr. Cazewell Donally, another Negro, was elected Justice of the Peace of Norfolk District, in the same county. G Mr. William L. James, after fifteen years' service in the transcriber's office at the City Hall, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has been appointed by Mayor Smith as Inspector of Highways at a salary of $1500 a year, and the use of an automobile. C Mr. E. P. Fawlkes, the colored Justice of the Peace of Newport News Magisterial District, Warwick County, Virginia, is to retain his office, despite efforts to have him removed. G Mr. Henry Lucas has filed a suit for $10,000 damages against Messrs. Breckenridge Long, John J. Kennedy, and Theodore Sandmann, white Democratic leaders, as the first of a series of damage suits of Negro voters who were intimidated, arrested, or otherwise interfered with at the recent election in St. Louis, Missouri. That Mr. Long, president of The Wilson Club, was the head of a movement to challenge Negroes in wholesale lots was the substance of a statement purporting to be from him in the St. Louis Republic, November 7, "I believe that the throwing out of these 3000 votes will put St. Louis in the Democratic column." G The Lincoln Republican League in Memphis, Tennessee, R. R. Church, Jr., founder and president, scored against The Lily White Republican Party in an open contest at the ballot box in the recent election. G East St. Louis, Illinois, did not have a Woman's Hughes-Fairbanks Club, as had been planned, because some of the white women refused to meet with Negro women. G Mr. Lee Beatty, a colored lawyer in Cin cinnati, Ohio, was made a representative in the Ohio State Legislature by. the recent election. G Mr. N. W. Pardon, a colored lawyer of East St. Louis, Illinois, has been appointed an assistant state's attorney. His salary will be $1200 a year. G Governor Brumbaugh has announced the appointment of Mr. John W. Parks, a colored attorney in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as assistant to the attorney general at a salary of $5000 a year. He is the first Negro to hold a position of this kind in the State of Pennsylvania. C Mr. W. D. Allen, of Portland, Oregon, is the first colored man to be elected a county committeeman by the popular vote of the people in Multnomah County. G Before an audience of some of New York's most prominent citizens gathered at The National Theatre to welcome The Hughes Women's Train, Colonel Theodore Roosevelt said of the Honorable Charles W. Anderson: "Mr. Charles W. Anderson was the first colored man to be appointed to an office of high honor and responsibility in the North. His record was admirable. He made good. If he had not, I would not have continued him in the office even if every colored man in the United States had requested me to do so. But he not only made good, he made a record as high as any man that ever held that great office, if not indeed a little higher, and having done so, I should have continued him in it even if every white man in the United States had asked for his removal. It is worth, not birth, that should count, wholly regardless of the nationality, creed or color of the man." THE HORIZON PERSONAL rT"'HE following marriages are announced: * Dr. Loring B. Palmer, of Atlanta, Georgia, to Miss Rose E. Harris, head nurse of the Pairhaven Infirmary, Atlanta; Mr. W. A. Joiner, head of the C. N. &amp; I. Department, Wilberforee University, to Miss Ada Roundtree, instructor of nurse training at Wilberforee. C We regret to learn that our note concerning Mr. Harry Simmons, of Butte, Montana, in a recent number of THE CRISIS, was untrue in its essential particulars. C Judge and Mrs. Robert H. Terrell celebrated the silver anniversary of their marriage, October 28, at their home in Washington, D. C. The family and a host of friends were present. C Mrs. Booker T. Washington, after four years' time, has received $5,000 left her by the late Mrs. Elizabeth Russell, a white woman of Minneapolis, Minnesota, through Lawyer W. T. Francis, of St. Paul. C Captain William M. Watson, mayor of Grayson, Oklahoma, a thriving Negro town, and Justice of the Peace for nine years, is dead. Last September the late Captain Watson and his wife celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage. C The late Miss Martha R. Cohen, a colored washerwoman, who died in Passaic, New Jersey, recently, at the age of eighty-two, has left an estate of $25,000. Five thousand dollars has been willed to clear the indebtedness of Bethel Church, which she helped to organize more than forty years ago; the rest is to be divided among relatives and friends. C Mr. W. H. Judd Malvin died in Washington, D. C , October 28. He had served for forty years as messenger in the Supreme Court and in the Adjutant General's office of the War Department. C. Dr. Henry T. Noel, the first Negro physician to be established in Nashville, Tennessee, is dead. For thirty-six years he had served as a member of the Meharry Medical School faculty. C Miss Maria L. Jordan, for forty-two years a teacher in the colored schools of Washington, D. C , died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, November 29. C Mr. Edmund Crogman, eldest son of Professor and Mrs. Crogman of Clark University, Atlanta, Georgia, and brother of Mrs. R. R. Wright, Jr., is dead as the result of an automobile accident. He had been a railway mail clerk for ten years. (L Mr. Daniel H. Murray, Jr., of Washington, D. C., died November 22. He was a violinist of considerable merit and the composer of many songs and arrangements for the violin. C The late Mr. Samuel Carter, an illiterate Negro, in Louisville, Kentucky, has left an estate of $10,000. More than a half century ago he began to buy property. The beneficiary is Miss Frances Virgina Owens, a teacher in The Western Colored School. He had never married and had no immediate relatives. C Mr. James Henry Townsend, a Boston colored man, has been buried with full military honors in Arlington Cemetery, Washington, D. C , for his heroic act in remaining at his post in the nreroom of the armored cruiser Memphis when she was blown ashore at Santo Domingo. Mayor Curley has said: "When congress convenes in the winter I shall see that a special bill is presented at Washington in behalf of Mrs. Townsend, who is left absolutely without means of support." C The Honorable George H. Mayes, a veteran letter carrier in Jacksonville, Fla., has recently resigned his position after thirty years' service. The postmaster expressed deep regret at having him leave. At one time he was superintendent of carriers, and had served on the local Civil Service Examing Board. CHURCH rpHE REV. DR. GEORGE F. BRAGG has celebrated his twenty-fifth anniversary as rector of St. James Protestant Episcopal Church, Baltimore, Maryland. C The Albemarle Conference of The A. M. E. Zion Church, held in Edenton, North Carolina, approved the plan of The Federated Churches of Methodism in America for the separation of races in the church. It is said that the federated churches are working for two great quadrennial bodies of white and colored Methodists. C On October 30, the mortgage of The Mount Zion Baptist Church of Germantown, Pennsylvania, was burned. The church is worth $80,000, which has been entirely paid in twenty-six years. It has had only one pastor, the Rev. Morton Winston. More than 250 of his members have become property owners during this period. C The Rev. C. R. Eucles, S. S. J., the first THE CRISIS. Negro to be ordained a Catholic priest in the United States, will observe shortly in Baltimore, Maryland, the twenty-fifth anniversary of his ordination. G The Zion Baptist Church, Denver, Colorado, started a week's celebration, November 19, in honor of its semi-centennial anniversary. It is the oldest Negro church west of the Missouri River. C The Fifteenth Street Presbyterian Church, Washington, D. C, celebrated its seventy-fifth anniversary with a three-days' session beginning November 19. The anniversary sermon was delivered by the pastor, the Rev. Francis J. Grimke. MEETINGS THE full list of officers elected at the Na tional Medical Association's session last August is as follows: President, D. W. Bryd, Norfolk, Virginia; Vice-Presidents. Dr. J. C. Johnson, Birmingham, Alabama, and Dr. A. C. Wallace, Okmulgee, Oklahoma; General Secretary, Dr. W. G. Alexander, Orange, New Jersey; Chairman of the Executive Board, Dr. G. E. Cannon, Jersey City, New Jersey; Editor of the Journal, Dr. C. V. Roman, Nashville, Tennessee; Associate Editor, Dr. F. F. Bishop, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. G A Conference of Employed and Volunteer Workers Among Colored Women was held in Richmond, Virginia, December 6 to 10, under the direction of The National Board of Young Women's Christian Associations of The United States of America. Miss Eva Bowles, of The National Board, was the speaker at the opening meeting. G The Charity Club, the leading Negro women's organization in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, held a tea November 9, at which more than three hundred persons were present. The object of the gathering was to forward a movement for the co-ordination and co-operation in racial uplift work among the organizations of Negro women in Pittsburgh. Mrs. George H. Wilson is president of the movement. C The fifth annual meeting of The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes was held December 6 at its headquarters in New York City. C The tenth anniversary of The Southern Medical Association was held in Atlanta, Georgia, November 13 to 17. Dr. E. W. Carpenter, of Greenville, South Carolina, spoke on "Some Interesting Conditions Seen in the Eye of the Negro." G The coming Tuskegee Negro Conference, January 17 and 18, 1917, will be devoted mainly to the discussion of Negro health. National Negro Health Week will be con served April 22 to 28, 1917. G Dr. Paul M. Pearson, of Swarthmore College, spoke on "The Colored Man, the Future of His Race in Light of the Past," at a meeting of The Young Friends' Association in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He said: "The history of the Negro is that of Americanism and Africanism; he wanted to be both without being spat upon." G Negro citizens in Richmond, Virginia, have organized a local chapter of The National Sociological Society to co-operate with the white local branch of the society. The Rev. W. H. Stokes, Ph. D., has been elected president. GHETTO MR. OMA HOUGHTON, a white South erner, in Boston, has been placed under a $300 bond for insulting two young colored women. He remarked: "Why down South where I came from they'd have saken hands with me for that"—which was a lie. G Will Rush, a white man, has been sentenced to life imprisonment, in Oklahoma, for the killing of Charlie Reynolds, a Negro. This is the first life sentence ever imposed for a Negro's death in eastern Oklahoma. G Two Negro women in New York City have received $100 each in a discrimination case enacted July 9, 1916, against The New York Restaurant, at Coney Island. Mr. Robert P. Lattimore was their attorney. G "Jim Crow" seats in the city court room at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, is the latest step in segregation, according to signs in the court room. G Edward Hall, a third alleged participant in the attempted lynching of Charles Daniels, a colored man, at Lima, Ohio, August 30, and of the rioters who attacked the sheriff, Sherman Ely, when he refused to tell where he had hidden his prisoner, has been placed on trial. G Justice Shannon of Sawtelle, has granted a judgment of fifty dollars and costs to Mrs. Columbus, a Negro woman, who brought suit for discrimination against The La Petite Theatre Company, in Los Angeles, California. Attorney E. Burton Ceruti represented her. THE HORIZON C Mr. J. H. Fay, a Negro, who was beaten with a strap with tacks in it by a mob at Keo, Lonoke County, Arkansas, July, 1915, has been given a verdict of $1,000. C A discrimination suit against The Eagle Restaurant Company, Chinese, in Boston, Massachusetts, has been decided by Judge Sullivan in favor of the five Negro plaintiffs, awarding them twenty-five dollars each. C Many of the stores in Louisville, Kentucky, discriminate against Negroes to the extent that colored women cannot get a glass of water, but Crutcher and Starks, men's clothiers, at Fourth and Jefferson Streets, recently outdid them all by advertising a selling proposition to "white parents" only in the Sunday Herald. C A petition to initiate "an ordinance providing for limited segregation of the black and white races" is being circulated throughout Denver, Colorado. The Denver Property Owners' Protective League is back of the movement. C Dr. James E. White, while going from St. Louis, Missouri, to Memphis, Tennessee, over the St. L. I. M. and S. Road, as a Pullman car passenger, was forcibly ejected and received injuries that confined him to the hospital for several days and robbed of his personal property. He has brought suit and Attorney Booth is to represent him. C A street car in Savannah, Georgia, caught fire in front, due to a blow-out. Only the passengers in the front of the car were affected, and three white women were killed. Hence, the transfer of the Jim Crow section from the rear to the front of the cars. C Judge Henry E. McGinn, of the Circuit Court in Portland, Oregon, has decided against the swimming of white and colored people together in the public school tanks. G The Birth of a Nation has been barred from Evanston, Illinois. C A mob of over one hundred white citizens in Jackson, Tennessee, started toward the home of Walter Elkins, a Negro, to lynch him for having struck a white fellow workman over the head with an iron bar, at the Illinois Central shops. Negro citizens armed themselves and went to the home of Elkins. The mob has not yet arrived. C The school board at Downingtown, West Chester, Pennsylvania, is making an attempt at segregation. The colored citizens have engaged counsel to oppose the action as against the educational and state law. G Fifteen hundred colored tenants of Harlem, N. Y., met and protested against the high rents charged them. The trouble arose through the substitution of Negroes for white tenants on 143d Street, because the colored tenants paid higher rents. Notwithstanding the protest 6 houses have been filled with colored tenants. 0 The postmaster of Akron, O., refused to appoint a colored man, J. R. Johnson, to a clerkship, although Johnson successfully passed two examinations, and stood among the highest on the lists. Johnson is a graduate of the University of Worcester. (From the Columbia, S. C , State.) ABBEVILLE MEN UNDER ARREST Charged of Lynching Negro and Rioting Hold Hearing Today Preliminary Before Magistrate Hammond Scheduled for Noon. Nineteen Warrants Served. Special to the State. ABBEVILLE, Dec. 4.—Sheriff Burts and Deputy Sheriff J. E. Jones began serving warrants today on the parties charged with lynching Anthony Crawford, a well-to-do Negro, on October 21, and rioting on the streets of Abbeville Monday following the lynching. Ten arrests were made in the lynching case and nine in the riot charge. The preliminary hearing will be before Magistrate Hammond at noon on Tuesday. Solicitor R. A. Cooper will be here to represent the State. Ten men are charged with participation in the lynching as follows: Jeff Cann, Sam Cann, Lester Cann, Will Cann, Burt Ferguson, J. S. Banks, Eugene Nance, Sam Adams, J. V. Elgin, and George White, Jr. Nine are charged with rioting: Sam Cann, Jeff Cann, Lester Cann, Will Cann, Burt Ferguson, Sam Adams, J. A. Brock, W. D. Bell, and Irwin Ferguson. J. A. Brock, W. D. Bell, and Irwin Ferguson waived a preliminary hearing and were released by Magistrate Hammond under bond of $200. C. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: At Bay City, Texas, November 5, Joe Johnson—hanged. He was accused of killing a white man. At Melville, Louisiana, November 16, James Grant—hanged for alleged murder. At Clarksville, Texas, November 29, Buck Thomas—hanged for alleged assault on a man and his wife. 148 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Dollar For Your Thoughts The tremendous advantage of an emblem distinctive of one's business and a catch phrase or slogan in its advertising has long been acknowledged. Tremendous sales campaigns have been built up around trade-marks. Who does not immediately recognize the little green pickle, and the phrase "57 Varieties," as indicative of the product of a particular house? Do you not know without any other wording just what is advertised by the phrases, "His Master's Voice," "There's A Reason," "No Metal Can Touch You," "Eventually, Why Not Now," and a host of others? Every well read person knows the name of the insurance company using the Gibraltar trade-mark, and the queer little ancient emblem on products of a certain biscuit company. The soft drink with the greatest sale in the world has a distinctive lettering for its name and a very useful little oil is readily recognized by its claims of "3 in 1." The above emblem, typical of double strength and holding powers, of safety and security in the time of greatest need, representing by the very proportions of its construction stability and dependability, has been designed as a trade-mark for STANDARD LIFE. Application has been made for registry under the Patent Laws of the United States to protect us in its use. We believe the double anchor is a new idea. We plan to make it as famous as a certain little fox terrier, or a celebrated old rock. We want a catch phrase to go with it, just a few words, the shorter and fewer the better, which will express tersely the service and strength of STANDARD LIFE. We want to pay you to help us find the right words. CONDITIONS The contest is open to anybody. Just send us your suggestion of an appropriate catch phrase which will embody the idea we wish to convey and send it in with your name and address. For the best such phrase with a suggestion as to how it may be used with the emblem we will pay $10.00 cash. For the second best suggestion of arrangement of a phrase and the emblem we will pay $5.00. For any idea that we can use in our advertisement we will pay $1.00. The officers of the Company will judge the contest. Every idea submitted will be given careful consideration and every idea available for use will be paid for. If you have read our advertisements on this page for the past three years you will understand what wc mean. The wonderful growth and development of this Company, operated on the Old Line, Legal Reserve plan, capably and honestly managed by Colored people, its three-fold service to the race, of Protection, Employment and Investment, offer a wide appeal to your imagination. We want something as new and original as the emblem. Do not use hackneyed phrases. The contest will close January 15th and all answers should be in our hands by then. If possible, the winner will be announced in the March number of the CRISIS. Checks will be mailed immediately to the successful contestants. Send your suggestion early. Standard Life Insurance Compan y OL D LINE LEGA L RESERV E Home Office: Atlanta, Ga. BRANCHES IN NINE STATES. HEMAN F. PERRY, President. HARRY H. PACE, Secretary-Treasurer. Mention TH E CRISIS. MME.C.J. WALKER'S Preparations for the hair Supreme in reputation SOLD EVERYWHERE In USA. Start the New Year using "WALKERS"-^ hair restorer and treatment of no regrets. Distinctive in its superiority. LELIA COLLEGE WALKER'S HAIR PARLOR Eastern Branch: 110 W. 136th St., New York City Home and Main Office. 6-10 N. West St.. Indianapolis, Ind. 150 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY COLORED AUTHORS Nearly a quarter of a century has passed since the Neale house was founded. Hundreds of its publications are in active circulation. None of these are more vitally important to the American people than those that relate to racial problems. They comprise a library in themselves. Limitations of space enableby prominent colored authors. Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third thousand. $2.15 by mail. Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable." New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Out of the House of Bondage. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." The Facts of Reconstruction. By John R. Lynch, colored; formerly Member of Congress; later Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; at present Major in United States Army. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any political writer during recent years to the political literature of the reconstruction era." The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem. By James S. Stemons, colored; Field Secretary of the Joint Organization of the Association for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. Mr. Stemons contends that industrial opportunity, rather than industrial education, is the basic need of the Negro. He presents his arguments in vigorous English of extraordinary purity, and the book may easily be classed with the foremost literature of the Negro race. $1.00 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By John H. Reed, D. D., K. C , colored; with an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D. D., LL. D. $1.60 by mail Philadelphia Christian Recorder: "The book is filled with splendid idealism, and in spite of its somewhat verbose character, presents a fine argument, which in this day of compromise for the present exigencies may not be heeded." us to announce here but a few of these books Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N. Leger, colored; formerly Minister from Haiti to the United States. Illustrated. Two editions: one in English and the other in French. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Nation, New York: "Haiti, at last, has a champion who is entitled to be heard; for he speaks from fullness of knowledge, and from a position of political eminence sends forth no uncertain sound. It is not too much to say that the latest book on Haiti is also the best that has ever appeared respecting the so-called 'Black Republic' Minister Leger has struck a new note, for, unlike others who have written on the subject, he places himself against a veritable wall of facts, and not only wards off the blows that are aimed at his country, but takes the aggressive against her critics." The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status. By William Pickens, Lit. D., colored; Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore. Dr. Pickens was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class and won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. Although a young man, he has won distinction as a scholar; he is among the foremost men of his race. $1.60 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa. By George W. Ellis, K. C , F. R. G. S., colored; recently, and for eight years, Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam as a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "It is the third consecutive contribution made by a noted man to our knowledge of conditions and peoples in West Africa." Albany Times-Union : "It is easily one of the most important contributions ever made to the literature of the Negro race." New York Crisis: "This history ought to be in every American's library." The Black Man's Burden. By William H. Holtzclaw, colored; Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Mississippi. With an introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesting study of Negro achievement and should be an inspiration to the young men and the young women of the race." Prof. Wm. E. Chancellor, Ph. D., the eminent historian and educator, writes: "The Neale Publishing Company to-day represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list considered as an entirety as to lend luster to each separate title, creating a presumption in its favor." Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., W^To r THE CRISIS, S" Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER &lt;3fie Authorized Biography of BOOKER T. WASHINGTON Builder of a Civilization By EMMETT J. SCOTT JOT 18 Years Secretary to Booker T. Washington and LYMAN BEECHER STOWE Preface by Theodore Roosevelt The dramatic accurate story of one who rose from slave boy to be the recognized leader of his race and to take his place for all time among America's great ITiCi'l. A trenchant and graphic picture of the man himself as known by those nearest him; of his contributions to education, his position on the rights of the Negro and race prejudice, etc. The serious matter is relieved by many of the inimitable stories for which Washington was noted. This book furnishes a sequel to "Up from Slavery. Illustrated, Net $2.00 For sale at all book stores and at THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York DOUBLEDAY, PAGE &amp; CO. Garden City N. Y. GIVE BOOKS 1000 ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS SAVED 1000 SPECIAL BOOK BARGAINS Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence..$1.50 postpaid Race Relationship in the South, set, Life and Times of Frederick Doug7 vols ". $5,00 postpaid lass 2.50 N. B. Catalogue of new rare hooks, The Black Phalanx 3.00 pertaining to the colored race. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 West 135th Street. New York City EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY FOR YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL DENTISTRY A.O. BRANSON &amp; CO. 52 WEST 1 35THST. NEW YORK CITY Mention TH E CRISIS. 152 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER EVERYTHING CONCERNING THE NEGRO RACE fafBBBBBBMBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMMBtMBBBMMMMBBBBBtBBBBBBmBBtBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB The Champion Magazine EDITED BY FENTON JOHNSON CONTAINS ARTICLES BY THE LEADING WRITERS OF THE RACE. A REVIEW OF CURRENT NEWS EVENTS AND MOVEMENTS AMONG NEGROES. A REVIEW OF LEADING EDITORIALS CONCERNING THE NEGRO. A PICTORIAL REVIEW OF RECENT RACE EVENTS IN LETOGRAVURE. A REVIEW OF STAGE, MUSIC AND ATHLETICS BY LEADING AUTHORITIES. DRAWINGS AND SKETCHES BY TALENTED COLORED ARTISTS. COMMENTS: "Should play an important part in encouraging the Negro and educating the white-"— Chicago Evening Post. "THE CHAMPION MAGAZINE is neatly gotter up and its several departments are not only appropriate, but well arranged for the convenience of the reader. W't like the modesty of your claims and the sincerity of your purpose as expressed in your opening editorial and we hope your efforts art going to be rewarded with every success possible." —Principal R. R. Moton, Tuskegee, Ala. "I congratulate you most heartily on the text and appearance of TH E CHAMPIO N MAGAZINE and wish it. as you must know, the success it deserves."— William Stanley Braithwaite. Issued Monthly Forty-eight to Sixty-four Pages, Illustrated AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE! ON SALE EVERYWHERE! One Dollar a YearTen Cents per Copy OFFICES: 4724 South State Street Chicago, Illinois Th e Journal o f Negr o History Published Quarterly 100 Pages Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF XEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying; not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization lias been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving; information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made pavable to T11E JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON 1216 You St., N. W. Washington, D. C. University Literary Bureau Manuscript Criticized and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication Correspondence Solicited Strictly Confidential Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Lock ADDRESS: Box 102, Howard University, Washington, D. C. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Good Buggies at Low Prices for Cash Write for Catalog C.R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS GREENFIELD, 0. Negro Firm Buggy and Automobile Makers Mention TH E CB THE CRISIS ADVERTISER // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country, Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pre*, N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati, Ohio PEOPLE 'S HAIR KATTJBAX FKOST TA.RV Covers Entire Head MSAMM Latest Styles of Wigs, Plats, Transformations, Puffs, Electric Combs. W e are the largest firm in this line. Send 2c for our new Catalogue. The Old Reliable MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM 486 8th Ave., New York City The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER Guaranteed lo Grow llalr In SIX TREATMENTS or Money Refunded. Price 50 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. MRS. £ . SLAUGHTER GAMBLE 3001 LAWTON AVENUE 4T. LOUIS. MO." ' See the Selected Liston  Books? the Back Cover i Special Offer ^;^ f clothes. This handsome, hand- tailored $15 Suit, in 18 different new styles, special price only $8.50. We offer you The Biegest Values in Tailoring, and please remember always: We Will Not "ecp One Penny Of Your Money Unless you are WELL PLEASED. Big Pay-Easy Work Agetlts! Make $35 to $65 a week , nghtin your own town. Part time or ail. We furnish Tailor Book with styles, samples, wholesale •—ice and ad instructions FBE£. ''rue for it Today. THE CHICAGO TAILORS ASSN. DprtlRl 515 So.FranKlin St., Chicago. &gt;AINLESS treatment JOHNS, BUNIONS. IN irtOWN NAn.S, and ALL ler AILMENTS of the FEET, mlna tlon and Adrico Free ^MW DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST Telephone 1284 Audubon. 107 West 136th St., New York City. AGENTS $60 WEEKLY RpbinBonFoldingBathTiib. BiKseller. Oonta 'ittle. no plumbing, little water. Weight pound*, fold- into small roll. Full length bathn, far better than tin tuba. Guaranteed 10 v.-nrs. $10 Comfort Indoor Closet rj.-ty easily made. Write for free tub offer. •» 	•Oof. Call bi eOlOISOl CABINET MF6. CO,4287 Factories Bldg., Toledo. Ohio • Odorless, Sanitary, Germ A guarantee of placed anywhere in home, healthy, sanitary conditions, Sagene Compound Restores Gray Hair Naturally - ABOLISH OUTDOOR CLOSET Have city conveniences. Germ-life killed instantly by stops falling hair and chases dandruff In a few applications. chemicals. Emptied once a monlh. Needs no other No dyes. Pure powdered Sage and Sulphur. So trouble to attention. Boards of Health endorse. Write for literature. mix;	 Just add water and hay nun. Si-nd 10c. for nainple Agents wanted —exclusive territory package. Full nl/f $1.00. COMFORT CHEMICAL CLOSET CO.'^edo.'om?"' SAGENE MFG. CO. Box 672A CHICAGO. ILL. LADIES WANTED TO TAKE THE QUIN0 COURSE ^&amp;ST%£: ....,„ Be our aeent. Sell our goods and make money. Qui no Hair Grower, 50c., Temple Oil, 7o£r Try a box. Write QUINO, 636 Fogg Street, NASHVILLE, TENN. Mention THE Q JISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monograph* Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY u ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by £fpie T. Battle, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. *'You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor. Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. Address: Okolona Industrial School, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK (nay be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK The Truth About the Bible" This book deals with the sex of the Bible. "It will empty our jails, insane asylums and hospitals in time; it should be in every home in the world." —J. H. Powell, M. D. "For ideas, it is the world's greatest book."—J. Silas Harris, A. M. "It is the world's most revolutionary book; it means a better race."—W. A. Swan, M. D. Read this book. Price $2,#0. Address the Author, Sidney C. Tapp, Ph.B., 601 Delaware St.. Kansas City. Mo. Crura:*?*! CiallJti^ Cayiisf POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN. 100 FOR 50 CENTS OR 50 FOR 30 CENTS, NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA Telephone 5277 Morningside DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. lttth Street New York City T.UUn... /Central 104-W Telephones: | M a j n fi, HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Puilic 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohl» Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counsellor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Actorney-at-Law Offices: Suite 802 Sykea Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis If bin. TeL BirTfrt Hiir Cable Addreu, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W . Aihbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORN eys-AT-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write for Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FORA DENTIST desiring to locate in Philadelphia, Pa. For particulars address Frank Dawson, 1020 Chestnut Street. a good town where a col WHO KNOWS ored business would be appreciated? Have money and services for the right town. Correspondence invited. Address: J. L. T., care TH E CRTSTS. 7 0 Fifth Avenue. New York. N. Y. Bi g Entertainer 120 Poirlor Games. 5 Comic Recitations, 15 Tricks with Cards. 187 Jokes, Riddles and Funny Readings. 73 Toasts. 3 Mono loenes, 50 Money Making Recipes.* All -&gt; for 10 Cents* 3 for 20Cents. Postpaid. DORN, 709 S. DearbornSt.. Dept. 75. Chicago.11. AGENTS WANTED! For our new book. Progress and Achievements of the Colored People. Showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race, low price, many pictures, lightning seller, $10.00 per day. Ask for terms. Write quick. . AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 7th St., Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 9 4 volume* now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per Cf "L^» 4volume. Each complete and sold separately -- OvfC . Tl6l Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS Che CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. }\ Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) . 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF ELACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) .. . 1.00 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER	 T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue,New York iiimiiiiiiiii	 MM