The New Freewoman , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. THE  NEW Freewoman AN  INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. No. 12.   Vol. I. MONDAY. DECEMBER 1st.  1013. Sixpence. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A, Page Le Theatre du Vieux Colombier   221 bier.   By F. S. Flint. Views and Comments. 222 An  Epidemic  of  Law.  By   225 Clarence Lei Swartz. M. Marinetti's Lectures. By   226 Richard Aldington. Reviews.   By E. P. 227 CONTENTS. Page Poems.   By Ezra Pound. 228 Serial Story: — The Horses of Diomedes.    229 By Remy de Gourmont. (Ch. 15).   The Dream. (Ch. 16).   The Fan. The Dearth of Genius.   By   232 Edgar A. Mowrer. Page Sayings of K'ung.,   By Allen 233 Upward. Contes Macabres. By Frances 234 Gregg. Truth   about   Homer.  By 237 Richard Aldington. Blaspheming Creation.  By 238 Huntly Carter. LE THEATRE DU VIEUX COLOMBIER. F. S. Flint. THE River Marne will be associated with two of the most interesting artistic experiments made of late years in France. The mansion that housed the Abbaye group of artists, poets, musicians, had a tiled descent into it for bathing (one of the photographs taken at the time shows the Abbayists in bathing costumes of varying exiguity). And M. Jacques Copeau's company of actors were trained in a garden on a terrace overlooking it: trained in the garden belonging to his house in the little village of Limon, near La Ferté-sous-Jouarre. The stage was an open, white-washed barn; the footlights were reflected from a pond in front. Five hours a day were given to the rehearsals of the plays composing the répertoire; two hours a day to reading aloud at sight (to make the vocal organs supple and the mind ready) and to physical exercises. On the first of September, the company returned to Paris, to rehearse for another six weeks, on the stage, in costume, with scenery. Since the Theatre Libre of M. André Antoine, there has been no theatrical enterprise of the artistic importance of this. M. Copeau is the director of one of the finest French reviews now appearing—" La Nouvelle Revue Française." He is a man of wide culture; a writer of merit; a reciter of genius (he read to us at the Grafton Galleries last year); an actor. He has a profound knowledge of stagecraft, and an undiluted belief that "the play's the thing " and not some notorious actor. Therefore, the whole aim of his training has been to produce a homogeneous company; wherein each actor's part and action on the stage would be subordinated to the total effect to be produced, so that the pleasure of the audience would be in the interpretation of the play, and not in some one actor's business. "Décabotiniser l'acteur" has been M. Copeau's motto; and he has gathered round him a company of young, enthusiastic artists, whose ambition is to serve their art. And one of the wonderful things about this attempt to renovate French dramatic art is the way in which they have effaced themselves, although many of them had already acquired reputations. The Theatre du Vieux Colombier is situated on the left bank of the Seine, in the Carrefour de la Croix Rouge, near the Schools. It will hold only five hundred people; but M. Copeau, believing that the influence of any work of renovation is closely bound up with its duration, has calculated that, with a small capital on which to pay interest, a low rental, and a rational limitation of all expenses, his average daily expenditure will be more than met, and the theatre will even prosper, with a relatively low average daily revenue. He counts, first of all, on a small public composed of intelligent lovers of the drama and of those who are tired of the banalities and false values of the commercial theatre. He has hopes, too, of raising a "new contingent "—to be recruited among people of culture, students, writers, artists, and the intellectual foreigners who reside in the Latin quarter. M. Copeau proposes to arouse the interest of this public by giving at least three plays a week. This arrangement will allow him to produce pieces that are not self-supporting, and it will break in his actors to all the exigencies of dramatic interpretation. As regards the repertory, M. Copeau says that their first care will be to treat with particular veneration 222 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN December ist, 1913 the classics, both ancient and modern, French and foreign. Before these works they will endeavour to place themselves in an état de sensibilité, that is to say, they will try to discover the spirit in them that has become overlaid with the mechanical habits of certain actors and buried beneath a so-called tradition; but under no pretext whatever will any attempt be made to bring any classic up-to-date. " Toute l'originalité de notre interprétation, si on lui en trouve, ne viendra que d'une connaissance approfondie des textes." The classics, then, modem plays, new and old, and foreign drama — ^schylus, Euripides, Molière, Racine, Musset, Mérimée, Henri Becquet, Jules Renard, Porto-Riche, Tristan Bernard, Georges Courteline, Vielé-Griffin, Paul Claudel, André Suarès, Henri Ghéon, Jean Schlumberger, Alexandre Arnoux, Jacques Copeau; Shakespeare, Thomas Heywood (" A Woman killed with Kindness "—the first play produced at this theatre, in a translation that suppressed the minor intrigue), Ibsen, Stanislas Wyspianski, Shaw—will form the repertory for the first season—a rich pasture for those who are happy enough to be in Paris. There will be no elaborate scenery and effects: M. Copeau denies any importance to them whatever; the interpretation, the creation of the secret and visible band and correspondence of relationships which vitalises a drama is his mark. M. Copeau intends to start a school of pupil-actors; it will be free; and young men and women, even children, who are unspoiled by the ways of the routine theatre will be trained. Indeed, it will be no surprise if, out of M. Copeau's generous endeavour, out of his indignation with the present commercial theatre, springs a revival of French drama; he has created sympathy and enthusiasm all around him; the means to requite these; and—soon—the school of acting that will supply him with ever-fresh material. Knowing this, knowing M. Copeau's wide literary sympathies, every original dramatist should feel spurred^ on to his task, and dramatic faults disappear in the final proof of an enlightened representation. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. "The conclusion reached by the trade union leaders to-day is that Larkin has now completely surrendered himself into the hands of the intellectuals of the ' Daily Herald.'—' Central News.' " As the " Herald," presumably, is not disposed to quarrel with the " leaders' " conclusion, and publishes the item without comment, we can accept it as correct, and congratulate ourselves. The " Herald " being the paper with a soul to save, it has been our self-appointed task to address to it the chastening word which leads to salvation. If therefore the " Herald " carries Mr. Larkin in its pocket our words of admonition will reach him along the usual route. For the time has come to speak to Mr. Larkin words of admonition, having read his many speeches delivered in England since the time when the politicians came to the conclusion that released from gaol he would do no harm—not enough, at least, to counterbalance the annoyance of an election lost on the count of sheer romantic sentiment. The determining-character, to us, of Mr. Larkin's addresses is the fact that they, following in the tradition of the " Herald " Rebels," successfully confuse two mutually negating gospels. In the pages of the " Herald " the confusion did little positive harm, though it foiled the efforts of the understanding to get forrader. On the lips of a born " orator " however the harm effected is likely to be considerable. What will be effected is this: the revolting energy which is rare enough to require husbanding will work itself into a blind alley, and be spent in driving at obstacles which are off the path of its true destination. The energy will be spent: nothing will be gained: spirits will tire: reaction set in: and there will be the same old verdict—another " abortive revolution." What is wrong is—confusion. Let the " Herald " clear out that. Is there no English element on the " Herald " strong enough to put the lasso round the neck of its imported and no doubt highly admirable enthusiasts—Larkin and Haywood—while it teaches them how to make haste slowly? that it has no taste for a revolution? that, if convictions be not strong enough for an insurrection, it would be far better to hand the situation over into the hands of certain hitherto despised gentry—the Macdonalds, Shackletons, Hendersons, Snowden's and what not? All the confusion of which Mr. Larkin's speeches are an embodiment is the inevitable result of a propaganda which attempts to commandeer the goodwill arising out of two tendencies now becoming more and more patently divergent, but both seeking to encompass a wider distribution of material benefit. It is the result of the "sinking of differences" school, whose graduates are the present-day "rebels." It may be as well to define "a rebel." A rebel is a Londoner who is a personal acquaintance of one or all of the pamphleteers of the Fabian Society, who retains, doubtless, his membership of that society, what time he applauds at " Daily Herald " meetings with passionate gusto. He is a person who first makes sure the kingdom of respectability and then trusts that it is safe to add thereto the riskinesses of something called " freedom." Intellectually bond, he can afford to be emotionally free, that is, being in his deepest instincts a very limpet on the rock of conventionality and settled tradition, he can afford to be very free in the use of words—a good sort, but with brain asleep. Asked to give an account of himself, he would—the fun of the " freedom " business apart—speak in the terms of a state socialist. He is, in fact, a Webbite ashamed of the Webbs. We speak of the sort of "inner group of the rank and file" rebel such as we have known. We need not however keep to the rank and file: the crowd that claps and applauds. We might refer to the " Daily Herald " writers themselves, who are about equal to those of the " New Age," who of a certainty were never startlingly original; better-mannered because less ill-natured and with honester mental complexions: greater chance therefore of them acknowledging their deficiencies and attempting to meet them: as they do in fact from issue to issue. It is, none the less, their lack of clarity which makes the muddle-headedness of their crowd of " rebel " followers possible. One of the latest attempts of socialist thought has been to make out that the industrial question pivotted on the "wage-system." The attempt however was cancelled out in absurdity when the empowering virtue of the theory was proclaimed to reside in a distinction between " wages " and " pay "—some great moral distinction. Well, to be sure, there is nothing more certain than that if the alteration of "wages" into "pay" would bring peace into the industrial world, the Murphys and Devonports would be pleased to make the change to-morrow. The thing is that " industrial unrest " is not in the main an affair turning about material necessities. If it were, state-socialism or guild-socialism could cure it. As it is, their attempted application rouses more temper than the goad of poverty itself, and it is precisely this temper which vitalises the agitation. Persons speaking under the stress of it are eagerly listened to, even when what they say is nonsense. It is, for instance, temper which makes the appeal for information as to facts concerning " actual strikers* December ist, 1913 THE   NEW   FREE WOMAN 223 families" seem an impertinence. A Mr. McCurdy, M.P., writes to Mr.  Larkin," Give us examples. . .   showing their wages and work and their weekly burget.   How do their wages compare with the cost of living in Dublin? Tell us in pounds, shillings and pence what your Union has done to raise wages for the workers during its existence. Let us know something about the employers engaged in the dispute, give us the names of the firms, and tell us, if possible, what profits they make, and what dividends they distribute, and in each case the rate of wages paid. They (the public) must be taken into the homes of the workers and the counting-house of the employers, there to see the facts for themselves and to judge as between man and master the rights and wrongs of this terrible dispute." If Mr. Larkin retorted as he felt it would probably be with a "Go to'! 'Rights and wrongs' between 'master and man ' forsooth!   Owner and owned!   Take the public into your home!   Tell them how your budget compares with the cost of living in London at the present   time!  You   the   judges? We   are   sole judges."   That is, we imagine, as he would like to retort,  but  it  is  scarcely how he can.  The strikers have, in fact, put their case up for judgment   in   another   court   when   they   appealed   to "public opinion."   It is the socialistic appeal which is   made  to   public  opinion—the   servile   attitude, submissive, inferior, ready-to-be-taught and willing-to-be judged.  The appeal to public opinion is in itself a throwing up of hands,  an expression of defeat, whereas, if they themselves did the bold deed successfully, they would by the very act have shut up the mouth of public opinion.   If they supplied themselves:  served  their own  necessities like masters, showed their might, very swiftly public opinion would concede their right.   That is why this dispute should be settled in Dublin. The appeal in England lor funds is a surrender.   Mr. Larkin says he need not thank those who have supplied a little money: that so to do was their simple duty.   It is nothing of the sort.   The only duty which exists in this situation is the duty of each starving man to himself—to do himself well.   How he is to do it is his problem: and Mr. Larkin's particularly. There is food in Dublin; though the strikers, one reads, would prefer to keep it out! A mightily daft notion surely. Do they not need it? This starving is a deadly absurdity. Until the Larkins can vouch for the existence of a conviction that it is the head and crown of sinning to starve during a strike, it would be well for them to use their influence to keep the men with their noses to the grindstone.   The argument should run like this: —Granted it is an infernally bad thing to starve, are we strong enough to strike and not to be forced to starve—and without inviting those nosey, would-be judges,  into our houses, comparing our budgets with the cost of living, pronouncing on the rights and wrongs of the case as between master and man? Put like that, the question would automatically ground the combatants on to their true basis, that of trial by strength: not a sham fight, with an audience, and intolerable martydroms. As it is: the "poor" arc so misled by " sympathy " as actually to forget their role: that this quarrel is theirs and not another's. One might note, in illustration, Mr. William D. Haywood's retort anent a suggestion put forward by Mr. Bernard Shaw, that the people should arm themselves against the police. " Let Bernard Shaw do the shooting himself," said Mr. Haywood: an idiotic remark. It is not Mr. Shaw's quarrel, he merely gives his opinion for what it is worth. The present state of affairs appears to do very well indeed by Mr. Shaw. We forget the number of thousands per annum which Rumour says Mr. Shaw gets from his books: it is large enough to sound fabulous. Why should he fight policemen? They treat him with no end of respect. It is as great a mistake to assume too much goodwill as it is to rely on a vicarious responsibility. If goodwill is there it is there by grace and not of necessity. The poor are treading on honey-combed ground when they assume that successful writers will espouse their quarrel as their own. Things do so well by them as they are. The poor see to that. Writers—successful ones—have nothing whereat to grumble. They toil not, neither do they spin—aught save yarns and theories for their own amusement. Yet they know all will be well with them. "Scribble in peace, the mugs will provide." If there is a cream on the milk, the poor will leave it for them. If it is all skim, their jugs will be filled first; if the quantity is limited, what there is will be shared by them with the rich while the poor will pass a self-denying ordinance to leave what there is to their betters. Verily, verily, they tempt human nature. Why should Mr. Shaw do the shooting? We ask you, Mr. Haywood! This is the truth and those with lung enough should declare it: the only message to the poor is " It is your move, gentlemen: the play is waiting." The most that the "intellectual" or "aristocrat" can do is to look over their shoulder at the hand they hold and perhaps prompt the game. His friendly suggestions will be worth all the more if he has moved round the table and knows the hands of the opponents. It isn't the game to be sure: but it is war. But prompting or no prompting it is the poor who, at the finish, perforce must play the card. As we pointed out above, the appeal to " public opinion " and for public support quenches the possibility of maintaining an egoistic temper—the gentlemanly temper in this dispute. "Public opinion" has nothing to say to "temper," except that it is a nuisance, a disturber of the peace which should swiftly be suppressed. Ordinarily temper has a contempt and disregard for public opinion: hence to come upon it, cap in hand, a suppliant, would be a unique opportunity for public opinion to get its own back. Hence, one must suppose, the explanation of Mr. Larkin's mixed gospel. Appealing to "public opinion," he must appeal on grounds which public opinion recognises: the "wrongness" of excessive poverty, excessive oppression by masters of men. Hence the piling up of the agony, the exhibition of wounds—possibly their exaggeration. One gives the rebel orators credit lor only making such public exhibitions of the poor's weakness under compulsion of circumstance. Were it otherwise it would be exceedingly ominous. It is, in any case, detestable. Consider the incident about which the outcry has been made as to its accuracy: the strike-girl, who for next to nothing was imprisoned in a reformatory, in which were "fallen" women. One is not worried as to whether or no it is true. What gives the nasty-turn is the telling of it. Such things do not happen to people of quality, for the simple reason that they would promptly be avenged. Try to imagine Mr. Lloyd George working up his sloppiest audience with a similar legend about a female relation of "me friend and fellow-worker, Mr. Asquith." If, in the first place, it could within the limits of the possible be imagined true Mr. George would not mention it: it is a thing to be hushed up: and if he did his audience would not thank him—it would hiss him from the platform: nor would Mr. Asquith—the reflection upon his own capacity would be too great; nor could it happen—simply because Mr. Asquith is a person of power not to be harmed lightly. The credit that such a thing could not happen is to Mr. Asquith, and—and this is the point—the deep discredit of such a thing happening, as Mr. Larkin said happened, falls not so much on those who caused it, as on those who suffered it. Responsibility and pride are the first attributes of men of power destined to remain free men. The simple over-credulous faith of the "poor" in the reality of a goodwill which they imagine exists to an extent which justifies them in an expectation 224 THE  NEW   FREEWOMAN December ist, 1913 that others in happier circumstances will of necessity espouse their quarrels as their own, finds its counterpart in their belief in the actuality of abstract qualities: in justice and right. They believe that they have been treated wrongly: therefore Right is on their side; that they have been treated unjustly: therefore Justice fights for them, and will one day appear in power to succour them and rehabilitate her slighted altars. If only they could obliterate their entire conception of Justice, their "just" dues would in swift sequence be rapidly enhanced. If they could only realise that to be treated "justly" is to be treated in strict accordance with their respective powers, and that to be treated otherwise is mercy, pity, personal affection, or the fastidious restraint exercised because dealing with a recognised inferior! The "poor" have been treated as they could be: therefore justly, and there exists no " Justice " over and above to whom they can make appeal to readjust the reckoning. To think there is, is an added disability: to know there is not, puts the emphasis where it should be: on one's relative possession of power— power to live and get. Someone said—a voice from the "Herald" probably—" All that the Dublin strikers want is a little freedom. .. and the right to "—this or that, combine perhaps. If that is all the Dublin striker thinks he wants he would do better to get back to his job. One hoped he was after something more easily convertible into use: some property of his own to use, abuse, and defend. Not stuff like freedom and right. These follow on power and property as the thunder-clap follows the lightning. It is indeed time that the ambitions of the labouring World were lifted out of the ranks of a "Cause," into that of clear definition of specific ends. There has been more than enough of "Causes" which go marching on "leaving the hapless Causite as thin and unbegirt with possessions as before. If it is higher wages they want, or "pay" if it pleases them so to call it, with security of tenure, favourableness of conditions and so on, let them state it plainly to themselves. Let them accept themselves frankly in rôles where they are the "men" and where others are the masters. (Whether these latter are private capitalists, or state officials, or guild servants does not matter: it all works out to the same in the end: they are the masters). Once they have decided on what they want, they will get it. There will be divergence of method, political, syndicalist and other, of which the relative merits will be revealed in the working; experience will prove them, and there need be but little bitterness among the workers themselves in the process. There are men who more or less honestly—once the personal equation has been allowed for in most cases—hold varying opinions as to the comparative length of the different routes which lead to the same destination; to wit, happy and comfortable "men" employed by reasonable and humane "masters." The bitterness arises out of the resentment of those who resent being the employed servants of masters, no matter on what terms or under the guise of any euphemism whatsoever. It arises out of the resentment of the egoists who feel that whatever their relative personal worth may be it is too high to allow of their remaining servants of any "masters" whatsoever, and feeling thus they try to insinuate the entire "distress movement" on to the same level. A little frankness from the would-be freemen's standpoint would in our opinion do everything that is required for the removal of the bitterness of misunderstanding. The socialists are able and ready to state their case: the Webbs have really done their work very well. The labour "leaders" and reformers need only repeat their lesson as taught them. It is worth while, from time to time, to examine the mood of irritation which ordinarily is sufficient to banish below the horizon of the mind consideration of persons such as Mr. Philip Snowden, Mr. Ramsay Macdonald and other "leaders" who give themselves voice in that treacherous sounding sheet the "Daily Citizen.' Ordinarily, one thinks of them as dead dogs with an ill odour—and dismisses them. Faced however with a personality like that of Mr. Larkin, they come to mind again.   It dawns upon one with something of the freshness of revelation that they arc too simple for treachery. They do not understand the content of the temper they are offending: therefore they do not understand their offence. It is when the "Rebels" state the case, and one sees how even they slur over the main issue with rhetoric, that one realises that a temper so dimly understood as to be only half-articulate on the lips of its advance-guard is probably wholly uncomprehended by the rival body.   Relieved of the excitement of suspecting "treachery " one becomes easily capable of commanding the patience which can hear their case through,  the  case  for  the  well-stabled,  well-fed, domesticated animal, i.e., the working man. And having heard it through, one arrives at the conclusion that if the working man does not object to it there exist no grounds for objection.   If the wild, untameable spirit is not there—talking will not put it there.   The very uttermost limit to which suggestion can go is that it may unaware be lying there, buried, stuffed-up with the stagnations of long disuse.   That is the possibility which orators, and far better because far more responsible, journalists can make trial of. But to attempt to force self-ownership and the self-responsibility which is part and parcel of it—upon men whose timid hearts are crying for a master and safety, is to build for disaster.   It cannot be accomplished. Inevitably, the spirits of the unwillingly free  will  sag downwards  to  their  true  level—to shelter and protection, and it is the instinctive desire to slur over the knowledge of this fact which impels the exponents of insurrection to use contradictions at their   need,   the   argument   of   the   well-managed-domesticated   animal   and   that   of   the   free   self-empowering man.  It is a mistake: frankness is better.   Numbers are nothing, and the sooner the differentiation is made the better. "Public opinion" will be with the one, but genius, every embodiment of the human  spirit raised to the level of self-consciousness will automatically trend to the other. The hatred of a "master," the desire for the self-determining of one's own activity, is the first thing of which a man becomes acutely aware once the separateness of his personality is clearly reflected in his consciousness. It reveals itself in restiveness under the badge of servitude even when easy. It will willingly exchange ease for strain; it appears indeed to bring its own "keep" with it, in a tightening of the spiritual fibre which braces it to meet the responsibility it entails. How much there may be of it in the labour revolt no one has yet dared to put to the test: but it is certain that it is its wild lure which can shed a magic even over the deadly sordidness of a strike-area, which all the well-laid schemes for housing and feeding the domesticated beast of burden will never give a hint of. And it is true that to assist this spirit to breathe forth is as though one should create life in a man. To accomplish it is the one thing worth while, worth chiselling one's words and distilling one's soul for. To ennerve an arm, to slip scales from eyes, to pour out the acid which dissolves stupidity and lets life flow freer, that is worth while and trouble. How much of this quickened new life there is behind the poor man's rebellion one does not know; but one does know that there is in the sheer revulsion from discomfort enough rage, vehemence and misery to lay the situation open to the operation of the most confused of impulses. The work of incalculable value which may possibly be done by clear brains and precise tongues is to turn a revolution into an insurrection—to turn a mob led hither and thither by the noise and confused emotion December 1st, 1913 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN 225 of rhetoricians, into the self-conscious individualised rising in strength of men who mean to be free and who realise what it is which will empower them, and what is only a false light. One might suggest that to every orator there should be chained a humorist, who should speak in immediate succession: a commentary on his partner's rhetoric. Huge "rallies" should be treated flippantly: as representing "the courage of a crowd"— the stuff they make revolutions of: of no use to persons who have more serious business. In a revolution, leaders exploit some pre-existing misery, or mere malaise, or some confused enthusiasm. They intoxicate " followers " to the end that the recalcitrant energy of revolt be invested in some "Cause" —any old tag ending in "ity" or "dom" will serve: of which "Cause" the "leader" then becomes a symbol. (Did Mr. Larkin tell his Manchester audience that he was a symbol? Watch vour captive, Oh "Herald"!) The "Cause" and the " Symbol " together mount up in authority—two more masters for the much-mastered followers. Then something more or less sanguinary happens, after which the old authoritarian furniture is readjusted and re-upholstered; then the impulse tires and behold " Reaction," they will say. Reaction indeed as much as the " movement " was progress—so much and no more. The " followers " have become bored, or they are dead and their children are not amused any more with that game. The old old swing between enthusiasm for words and boredom with words—revolution. An insurrection is a different matter. In it, each individual man is the chief actor in the drama. What he wants is the goal to which the whole "movement" moves. The movement, in fact, to him represents nothing more than a chance alliance with men whose own aims are sufficiently similar to his own to make them profitable companions. An insurrection is a demand for definite things for the individual man: who himself is competent to judge whether these are conceded or no. In an insurrection a man thrusts out his own arm to empower himself. He is himself the creator, the executor, and judge of the action. The motive for acting comes out of himself and his needs: the results of his action accrue to himself. One well might hope, if faintly, that history has already recorded the last of the revolutions and that the great insurrection is now dawning—the influx of life. We must now be placed among the true prophets. Our surmise that the British aristocrats could not to a man be pulpy from fatty degeneration: that there must be one here and there with enough fastidious sensitiveness to be moved by the helplessness of the poor not merely to exploit it, but to detest it to the degree of trying to remove it, has proved true. If there is Sir Edward Carson in Belfast, there is Captain White in Dublin and Sir Francis Vane in Mile End. These latters' efforts may appear infinitesimally small: but once they are understood, their influence on temper will be infinitely great. What profit can a labouring man feel in voicing any desire to be his own master when he sees himself as the unarmed unit at the apex of a triangle which broadens out to its base in serried rows of armed men, each with his rifle, bludgeon and lash raised threateningly at him? As the mildest-mannered policeman would tell him, to do so would be " asking for it." That an unarmed populace under a government possessing an armed force is in a condition of slavery, is a fart which shouts. To be free is to have the power to treat on equal terms. The citizen army is the first step in the direction of making these equal. A people will be in the position to say whether they want to be free, when every able-bodied man and woman has been enrolled.___ BOOKS on all subjects, Secondhand, at Half-Prices. New, 25 per cent. Discount. Catalogue 761 free. State Wants, Books Bought.—Foyle, 121, Charing Cross Road, London. An Epidemic of Law. WHEN a disease reaches an epidemic stage, it is usually swiftly followed, in civilised communities, by a vigorous prophylactic campaign. Virulent disease of the body politic, however, is not treated in that sensible manner. On the contrary. The state of Tennessee, for instance, has recently been afflicted with a grave malady. Its trouble has been largely enteric. It has become gorged with law to such an extent that its organs of digestion and assimilation have utterly failed to dispose of the accumulation. But what does Tennessee do? Not what prudence and medical analogy would suggest—that is, try to remove the cause. She rather attempts (to paraphrase Macaulay) to cure the evils of law with more law. It is undeniable, of course,' that this is the customary political treatment; but the form which it has taken in this instance seems grotesquely ridiculous, though less so when we recall that few people in the Lmited States take their laws seriously. In the eager exercise of our glorious democratic privilege, we blithely enact law after law, until there is such a mass of national, state and municipal legislation that no lawyer can possibly keep track of it, let alone attempt to understand it. But with the enactment our enthusiasm ends. Sometimes we become so indifferent before the job is completed that we neglect to appropriate money for the salaries of the officials who are designated to enforce the laws. Such instances are rather rare, however. Few bills ever reach a third reading if they don't carry a berth for a politician. Only simple-minded people and reformers have the hardihood or sanguinity to expect the enforcement of laws; hence only they are disappointed when the net result of legislation is to fatten the law printers and provide sinecures for the faithful henchmen of the prevailing boss. But I was speaking of Tennessee. Its inhabitants are at the dawning of a new era. It seems that, by a margin so narrow as to leave a militant minority disputing it, some drastic measures have been enacted, as in many other southern states, prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors. As usual, especially in the cities, enforcement did not follow enactment, where the sentiment against the laws was predominant, and where, in the opinion of the rural inhabitants, the enforcement of the laws is especially desirable. The consequence was that a special session of the legislature was called for the purpose of enacting laws for the enforcement of the laws already passed. The opposition to such legislation was sufficient to prevent the enactments which the prohibitionists desired; but a start has been made, the idea has been planted, and will eventually bear fruit. The optimistic governor is grateful that at least the people have "been granted the right to go into the courts with civil lawsuits and exterminate the lawless saloon." In other words the people can, as private citizens and at their own expense, hire lawyers and bring suit against faithless public officials who refuse to enforce the criminal laws. This is indeed the sublimation of majority rule. We enact laws to coerce the minority, then we enact laws to enforce the laws previously enacted. The next step is, logically, to enact further laws to enforce the laws enacted to enforce the laws enacted in the first instance. This process may be extended to infinity, and it ought to reassure the politicians. There was consternation in their camp recently when a certain college professor (college professors are, by the way, sometimes taken seriously when they least expect it) predicted that laws were becoming so voluminous that the whole fabric of jurisprudence would soon topple over. But now we know that this wise man had based his calculations on insufficient data. And when we consider that, the enactment of criminal law having been carried ineffectively 226 THE NEW FREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 to infinity, we can still resort to courts of equity and bring suits to compel the enforcement of laws to enforce the enforcement of laws, we realise what an illimitable field of litigation is offered to us, even though all legislation should be exhausted. This is interesting; yet still more interesting is a calculation made not long ago by an expert statistician. It was for the state of New York covering a period of ten years ending with December 31, 1912. He informs us that the increase in output of the legislative mills during that decade, in proportion to the population, was so great that were the increase maintained in the same ratio for the succeeding ten years, at the end of that term over half of the adult male population would be in the meshes of the law or engaged in the administration of it. To be exact, thirty-one per cent, would be connected with the public service in some way and twenty-six per cent would be imprisoned or prosecuted. It is true our statistician added the naïve proviso: "if all laws were strictly enforced."   A saving "if "! The proposition becomes much more instructive if we take pencil and paper and carry the computation a little further. It will then be seen that, by 1953, forty-eight per cent, of all people will be in prison or out on bail, while the other fifty-two per cent, will "be engaged in the business of sending them there and keeping them there. And this, too, without considering that, in the meantime, state socialism may be inaugurated. However, there is still consolation in the aforesaid "if." Clarence Lee Swartz. M. Marinetti's Lectures. M. MARINETTI has been reading his new poems to London. London is vaguely alarmed and wondering whether it ought to laugh or not. Of course the effect of the poems, or whatever they are called, varies with the state of mind of the individual. If the last authors—in point of modernity— that you read, were, say, Dowson and Verlaine, you emerge in a state of mental paralysis; at least I should think so. On the other hand, if you are pretty well up with modern French poetry and have read "I Poeti Futuristi" there is nothing very startling after all. M. Marinetti and his poems grow out of Mallarmé, Whitman, Laforgue and Romains as certainly as Picasso came out of Whistler, Van Gogh, and Cézanne. That is to say it is all a development, and a natural development, of what is commonly called "Impressionism." Mallarmé, of course, wanted literature to deal in the five senses more or less equally, but the tendency was rather to stress sight. Now we have M. Martin-Barzun with 11 n impressionism of hearing, which he calls simultaneity, and M. Marinetti with an impressionism of smell, hearing and sight. It is true that no Frenchman ever born can approach M. Marinetti for turgid rhetoric. It is amazing to a glum Anglo-Saxon to watch M. Marinetti's prodigious gestures. It is like watching two Neapolitans quarrelling over money. It would be humorous if M. Marinetti were not so serious, and really an artist in his fashion. And if it was amazing to us, or at least a little entertaining, to read the earlier poems of the Futurists, it is a great experience to hear M. Marinetti declaim his new ones. Let me attempt to express my sensations, after a Futurist séance, in the new Futurist manner. You are to imagine that I am on top of a motor-omnibus on the way to Kensington High Street. "Policeman — sky — Signor Marinetti — bad portraits—shrapnel—whizz—the Indian Mutiny-—evening paper—half-time—Tripoli —100,000,000 eyes — ditto feet—why don't the taxi-cabs go on their heads?— steam-boats—foam—bowler hats—puff—puff—pull—wheeeeehhhh—sun—stink—charcuterie—rose—violet maroon—pom-pom— Italians—maxim guns—pink— yellow—silence—corpses—fireworks—the perspiration on Signor Marinetti's forehead—scrum. College, coming in on your left—heel it out—Arabs—more stink—toffee —patchouli—Piccadilly—Roman candles—lights—fog—distant rifle-fire—smoke—stink— corpses—rattle—ccrrrrrrrrrrrrepitation des balles— whirrooo—bang—boom—maxims—shrapnel—lyddite—dynamite —geysers—fire-engines—conflagration— Etna—Vesuvius—blue hell—grey—pale grey." Now you can accuse me of exaggeration or rhetoric if you like, but to prove that I have caught the true Futurist manner I will quote a few lines from M. Marinetti's "BATTLE Weight + Smell. "Sun gold billets dishes lead sky silk heat bed-quilting purple blue torréfaction Sun — volcano + 3000 flags atmosphere precision corrida fury   surgeon   lamp rays   bistoury   sparks linen desert clinic x 20000 arms 20000 feet 10000 eyesights scintillations expectation operation sand ship-engines Italians Arabs: 4000 metres battalions boilers commands pistons sweat mouths furnaces Perdio forward oil steam ammonia: acacias gillyflowers dung rose sand dimness-of-mirrors everything march arithmetic tracks   obey   irony   enthusiasm." There now. I admit it is a little novel even after "Le Monoplan du Pape," and yet some of us are so jaded that we are not so prodigiously stirred. And there is an ignorant fellow in the room here who asserts that he prefers Sappho any day. After all it is not for us to criticise our contemporaries. It is nonsense to condemn a man and his work because you do not agree with him or because you did not invent his particular way of writing yourself, or because you don't understand him. As I indicated in the first part of this article there is some vivid "impressionism" in these new things of M. Marinetti. I remember particularly that I felt quite clearly as he recited one of his poems that a boat was being-moored to a quay. I heard the boat scrape alongside, the seamen hollooing, the strain of the hawsers round the stanchions, the screw churning, the hiss of foam. To speak truly I thought it was the arrival of one of the Seine steam-boats at the floating station near Notre Dame, but an admirer of M. Marinetti assured me that it was a smuggler unloading at Rotterdam. But you see I got the feeling of the boat all right. And if you receive one clear impression from a work of art it is worth while going back to see if you can't get some more. There is a vast disorganised energy in these poems and good journalistic observation. Their great drawback to some of us is their utterly unrestrained rhetoric their use of abstractions, their vagueness. Read a passage by de Maupassant and you get something clear and precise, some statement of appearances or emotion. M. Marinetti's poems are born in confusion and may perish in it. One must do M. Marinetti the justice to admit that he is a fearless experimenter. He is a great deal better than the bourgeois and women who grin at him when he reads.   And he must be very good for Italy. I advise everyone to read "I Poeti Futuristi," the anthology of futurist poetry published in Milan in 1912. I would specially recommend the poems of Sonore Paolo Buzzi, Signore Cavacchioli, and the poem on Venice by Signore Armando Mazza. Richard Aldington. December 1st, 1913 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN 227 Reviews. *The Tempers. Mr. Williams' poems are distinguished by the vigour of their emotional colouring. He makes a bold effort to express himself directly and convinces one that the emotions expressed are veritably his own, wherever he shows traces of reading, it would seem to be a snare against which he struggles, rather than a support to lean upon. It is this that gives one hopes for his future work, and it is his directness coupled with the effect of colour—and the peculiarly vivid and rich range of colour in which his emotions seem to present themselves, "gold against blue" to his vision—that produces the individual quality of his verse. His metres also are bold, heavily accented, and built up as part of himself. The mood of "The Tempers" varies from that of the splendid "Postlude" (which appeared in these pages some weeks since—in a group of poems headed "The Newer School "), with its "Let there be gold of tarnished masonry, Temples soothed by the sun to ruin That sleep utterly. Give me hand for the dances, Ripples at Philae, in and out, And lips, my Lesbian, Wall flowers that once were flame." to the macabre humour of "Hie Jacct," which I quote entire. "The coroner's merry little children Have such twinkling brown eyes, Their father is not of gay men And their mother jocular in nowise, Yet the coroner's merry little children Laugh so easily. They laugh because they prosper. Fruit for them is upon all branches. Lo! how they jibe at loss, for Kind heaven fills their little paunches! It's the coroner's merry, merry children Who laugh so easily. At times he seems in danger of drifting into imaginative reason, but the vigour of his illogicalness is nearly always present to save him; and he is for the most part content to present his image, or the bare speech of his protagonist, without border or comment, as he does in the "Crude Lament ": "The men that went a-hunting Are asleep in the snowdrifts. You have kept the fire burning! Crooked fingers that pull Fuel from among the wet leaves," or in the more or less unintelligible rune of "The Ordeal," where someone is evidently praying to the fire-spirit to save a companion from witchcraft or some other magic. One is disappointed that Mr. Williams has not given a larger volume, and one hopes for more to come. E. P. * Paul Castiaux OF course you never know where you are,  in treating a foreign work of your own day.   In your  own   country  or   in  your  own  proper language you know, if you know your subject at all, that there are a dozen or so serious workers, as for the rest you can divide them fairly easily into well-meaning amateurs, charlatans, and ill-meaning amateurs. There are also the stationary, who are beyond the pale of description. But in a foreign tongue you never quite know. You know what moves and what pleases you, the rest is approximation. The finer shades may escape you. You are never quite sure of the cliches. You never know the precise moment at which the adjective "tiède" should have been for once and all discarded. You know fairly clearly that there came a time when you personally ceased to be able to read French verse that went in slabs on the pages. You know-vaguely when a new book seems like ninety-eight other books you have opened. I think the one thing which does not escape you is a passionate vigour of language, or some new form of intensity. One does not doubt Corbière. It does not require a critic to find him. With impressionists it is undoubtedly different. An impressionist is one who does not seek to impress us. An impressionist cares little either about us or himself. He is neither pleased nor displeased with his subject. He is mildly pleased to be conscious. This attitude is so irritating to some that we have fallen into new movements. We have ninety-eight new schools of Passionate Indignationists who move under all sorts of names in divers sorts of North-West, and no one dares say " Hawk " to a Henshaw for fear that he might be mistaken. I have received a pleasing book from M. Paul Castiaux. After what I have said I cannot call M. Castiaux an impressionist. I had better quote his "PAYSAGE." "De fines toiles d'araignée tombert du ciel. Il pleut fin et perpétuel Du ciel distant au ciel prochain de ma fenêtre. La cendre minuscule et ténue de la pluie Choit leutement, comme une trame de soie grise Brûlée par les années, imperceptible poudre. Un peu de l'ame omniprésente de la pluie Vient jusqu' à moi et mouille un peu mon cœur lassé. La bruine plane sur les toits roses et bleus, Sur les rochers massifs et gris, Et sur ce petit villiage de là-bas. Hier si clair, Impuissant aujourd'hui, et cherchant à tâtons De pointe, avec l'épée luisant du clocher L'azur dormant bien haut sur des coussins de pluie. Un bateau gros et bas Passe entre les rochers accroupis sur l'eau verte, Avec des voiles couleur du temps et du pays, Pour sa besogne si mer-à-mer de tons les jours. Et quelque part, une batteuse mécanique Ronfle sans répit, ronfle depuis le matin, Encombrant le silence à plat sous le ciel gris, Ronfle et vrombit, Avec son bruit pareil à celui qui ferait Un lourd frelon géant rôdant sur la campagne." Such is the paysage as M. Castiaux and perhaps other writers have seen it. E. P. *The Tempers.   By William Carlos Williams.   (Elkin Lumières du Monde" poèmes.   By Paul Castiaux Mathews.   1/6.) (" Mercure de France."   3fr. 50.) 228 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 Poems. By Ezra Pound, further instructions. Come, my songs, let us express our baser passions. Let us express our envy for the man with a steady job and no worry about the future. You are very idle, my songs, I fear you will come to a bad end. You stand about the streets. You loiter at the corners and bus-stops, You do next to nothing at all. You do not even express our inner nobility, You will come to a very bad end. And I?   I have gone half cracked. I have talked to you so much that I almost see you about me, Insolent little beasts!   Shameless!   Devoid of clothing! But you, newest song of the lot, You are not old enough to have done much mischief. I will get you a green coat out of China with dragons worked upon it. I will get you the scarlet silk trousers From the statue of the infant Christ at Santa Maria Novella; Lest they say we are lacking in taste, Or that there is no caste in this family. les millwin. The little Millwins attend the Russian Ballet. The mauve and greenish souls of the little Millwins Were seen lying along the upper seats Like so many unused boas. The turbulent and undisciplined host of art students— The rigorous deputation from "Slade "— Was before them. With arms exalted, with fore-arms Crossed in great futuristic X's, the art students Exulted, they beheld the splendors of  Cleopatra. And the little Millwins beheld these things; With their large and anaemic eyes they looked out upon this configuration. Let us therefore mention the fact, For it seems to us worthy of record. ancora. Good God! They say you are risque! O canzonetti, We who went out into the four a.m. of the world Composing our albas; We who shook off our dew with the rabbits; We  who  have  seen  even  Artemis  a-binding  her sandals, Have we ever heard the like! O mountains of Hellas! Gather about me, O Muses! When we sat upon the granite brink in Helicon Clothed in the tattered sunlight, O Muses with delicate shins, O Muses with delectable knee-joints, When we splashed and were splashed with The lucid Castalian spray Had we ever such an epithet Cast upon us! april. Three spirits came to me And drew me apart To where the olive boughs Lay stripped upon the ground: Pale carnage beneath bright mist. gentildonna. She passed and left no quiver in the veins, who now-Moving among the trees, and clinging in the air she severed, Fanning the grass she walked on then—endures: Gray olive leaves beneath a rain-cold sky. surgit fama. There is truce among the gods, Korè is seen in the North Skirting the blue-gray sea In gilded and russet mantle. The corn has again its mother and she, Leuconoë, That failed never women, fails not the earth now. The tricksome Hermes is here; He moves behind me Eager to catch my words, Eager to spread them with rumour; To set upon them his change Crafty and subtle; To alter them to his purpose; But do thou speak true, even to the letter: "Once more in Delos, once more is the altar a-quiver, Once more is the chant heard, Once more are the never abandoned gardens Full of gossip and old tales." convictions. i. Rest me with Chinese colours, For I think the glass is evil. II. The wind moves above the wheat— With a silver crashing, A thin war of metal. I have known the golden disc, I have seen it melting above me. I have known the stone-bright place, The hall of clear colours. III. O glass subtly evil, O confusion of colours! O light bound and bent in, O soul of the captive, Why am I warned?   Why am I sent away? Why is your glitter full of curious mistrust? O glass subtle and cunning, O powdery gold! O filaments of amber, two-faced iridescence! the choice. It is true that you say the gods are more use to you than fairies, But for all that I have seen you on a high, white, noble horse, Like some strange queen in a story. It  is odd  that you  should be covered with long robes and trailing tendrils and flowers; It is odd that you should be changing your face and resembling some other woman to plague me; It is odd that you should be hiding yourself in the cloud  of the beautiful  women,  who do not concern me. And I, who follow every seed-leaf upon the wind! They will say that I deserve this. the rest. O helpless few in my country, O remnant enslaved! Artists broken against her, A-stray, lost in the villages, Mistrusted, spoken-against. Lovers of beauty, starved, Thwarted with systems, Helpless against the control; You who can not wear yourselves out By persisting to successes, You who can only speak, Who can not steel yourselves into reiteration; You of the finer sense, Broken against false knowledge, You who can know at first hand, Hated, shut in, mistrusted: Take thought. I have weathered the storm, I have beaten out my exile. December 1st, 1913 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN 229 "The Horses of Diomedes." By Remy de Gourmont. (Translated by C. Sartoris.) XV.—THE DREAM. I regret the dream I had dreamed of love. THEY set out on foot, by the broad deserted avenues. — I am pleased with myself, said Néobelle. I am acting as a free woman. I do not yet know whether I love you, Dio, but I am grateful to you for having assisted my will. ... To think that my companions, all those pallid young girls, with submissive hearts and saddened flesh, await a husband with the docility of bronzes or pewters arranged in a showcase!   Ah! Ah! Intoxicated at having broken the Rule, she spoke in an exalted tone: — My joys, my life, my body, my soul are at stake. I wish to follow my desires, and not the order established by egoism. It is necessary I should learn to know the playings of all my faculties, of all my organism. Thus, I shall realise what is my vocation and for which acts I was created and born. Diomedes was grave. He felt himseif become the high-priest of initiations. His irony forsook him. He experienced religious sentiments. During dinner, the brief sentences exchanged with M. de Sina (a man of courteous and stupid bearing, confiding as soon as he had left the subject of business), in the centre of this home of which he was violating the heart, Diomedes had experienced some mundane scruples, also the boredom of tying himself down, of being doubtless obliged to enter thoroughly into a milieu of which the appearances alone pleased him. Now, forgetting his uneasiness, he thought but of his mission and his attitude of sacrificer. The simplicity of the rites pleased him. Nothing social, no intrusion of laws, or of accidental authorities, no human etiquette came to trouble the serenity of the act and spoil all that was divine in the spontaneous harmony of two wills and two joys. He did not finish this mental harangue. Obliged to smile, he confessed that the pathetic circumstances hardly favorised the liberty of his judgment. His conclusion was: "Until the end, in the spirit and with the gestures that suit." The distance was great, they took a carriage. Close to one another, in an attitude of chaste tenderness, they dreamed obscurely; meanwhile Diomedes thought: "Nuptials or a 'bonne fortune'?" His lips formulated, several times, this unpleasant interrogation. It seemed like nuptials, because of the gravity of the silence, the anxious care of the eyes, the reserve and shyness of the hands; but the cab told the haste of their desires, the fear of shortening the too short hours, the care taken in hiding, more from shame than modesty, the race to voluptuousness rather than the slow wandering towards love. A keen light passed, as the ray of a beacon, over Néo's face. She was pale and beautiful and now shivering slightly from all the confused small thoughts which disturbed her heart. As he was looking at her, she smiled saving slowly: — Dio! Dio! They arrived as from a journey. — It seems as if I had come from far, from so far! Diomedes had the same sensation, on opening his door.   He hardly recognised his home.   Everything had changed. The usual flowers of his library had the new and fresh aspect of an unexpected ornament. Néo went to inhale them, believing in a prophecy. She walked round the three rooms, then locked herself in the bed-room. When she reappeared, disrobed and solemn, Diomedes adored her, simply, silent and without any gesture of ownership. Moved, he followed her without haste, and found her lying on the open bed, in the fair and proud attitude of a Danae. She was violent and contracted but without cries, words, or wonder. Diomedes questioned her eyes; they were serious but the lips smiled and murmured: — Dio, I love you for the love I give you. — And you, are you not happy, Néo? Without answering, she clasped Diomedes. Unsatisfied, she cried: — And yet I will! But in her inattentive flesh, the sensual tumult just awakened, was silent.   Then she refused his kisses. — I regret the dream I had dreamed of love. She looked at Diomedes, without curiosity, without temptation, then said, but softly, for her heart was kind: — Go! The carriage was waiting. Eleven o'clock struck. At the Odéon, they read the posters, got into an omnibus, and at the end of ten minutes took another cab.   Néo had hidden her face under a lace scarf: — It is the same one.   I will return it to Cyrène. — Give it to me? asked Diomedes. — If you wish, my friend. Then: — Recall to me the play, the title? — "Un soir." — An evening, an evening, an evening. I shall never remember. . . .   It is nothing, it means nothing.   "Un soir." — You are cruel Néo. Think of all that is contained for us in these simple and soft words: An evening. — Ah! You are thinking of our adventure? An evening, it is true, an evening. ... I shall remember. She wished to laugh, she sobbed. Faltering, she repeated: — An evening, an evening. Suddenly   raising   her   head,   her   whole   figure straightened, she regained possession of her pride: — I am happy. I have accomplished my will. I know myself better. Néo truly is the marble I thought her to be. — I will give it life, said Diomedes. I will blow-on the coals until the flame bursts forth as a joyfulness. She resumed simply: — Néo truly is the marble I thought her to be and I am glad.   Yes, I was rather disappointed. I had dreamed ... I had seen conflagrations.. .. But if I wept, then or now, it is from sheer nervousness. I had already told you that I had no sensual feeling. I am therefore neither surprised nor humiliated, nor afraid, and I do not think I have paid too dearly for a notion, as you say, so precious and which will be very useful to direct me in life. I know what I can give a man and I know what a man can give me. I can give him everything; he cannot give me anything but the pleasure of seeing his happiness. Therefore, sure of myself, I will easily dominate the passions which my useless beauty excites. I have been disturbed.   1 will not be so again. — Néo, remember that I love you! — But I belong to you, my dear, it is agreed.   I am your mistress. They had arrived.   She stepped out rapidly, gave the coachman Diomedes' address and closed the floor crying out: — Adieu! 230 THE NEW FREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 Diomedes felt dejected. Fie felt criminal. He felt stupid. The heavy and peremptory noise of the front door closed (as he thought) in anger, seemed to shake his body with its commotion. The carriage rolled on. He accused himself. He despised himself. Such an act and nothing! An evening! It was of old, it was far away, where? On which ocean, in which desert? The sands rose like waves, an ardent foam burnt him through and through, lying flat, his head buried, he awaited the end of the storm, the peace of the heavens; but all sensation was swamped; he was sinking without knowing whether he had just been engulfed under an ocean of sands or in the depths of the vast unfathomable sea. With a sorrowful heart, he lay on the bed where she had lain. He slept. In the morning his first thought was imperious: "Néo.   To write to her." He experienced a feeling of freshness and vigour, as after a conquered fever. Convalescent and sentimental, he accepted the gentle dreams, the pure ideas that came into his blissful imagination. " To write to her, to see her. To kiss her hands. To console her. To love her. To give her hope and faith in serenity. . .   ." Fie dreamed his letter and wrote nothing: "I will go this afternoon. She expects me, myself. We will go under the chestnut trees.. .. Ah! I shall have delightful amours! " An evening.. .. Now the adventure seemed to him quite natural, quite simple, quite human. Thousands of similar acts were accomplished each night, without emotions, hardly liturgical, sensual comedies, songs, jests, blushes, smiles. Ours was a tragedy of the alcove, those are the most beautiful tragedies but the least easy to comprehend for simple hearts and naïve flesh. Every maiden is ready to give herself immediately, with good-will and some grace, according to the customs, in a conjugal gesture, at the command of the code and the anthems.. .. But we! . Nothing more than perhaps the choice and the courage of a falsehood. ... I must see her. I will go at three o'clock. Her words afterward in the carriage?. .. But she was ill. At that moment she should have been asleep, her head on my shoulder.   The usual picture! At last he was finding his way athwart perturbed nature. The usual scenery was becoming outlined: here the river with its boats in which the boatmen sleep, the current carries them towards the dense forest where all is engulfed under the vast dark trees: a few men look on, smiling, standing on the river-bank, and if they fall, they go alone, swept over the stones, towards the abyss. "Whatever happens, one finds oneself alone always." An adventure. Was it then only an adventure, pathetic but sad.   He repeated his motto to himself: "Until the end." Then: "Until the end, but in words. I can only invent words. I am dominated by action. Life makes of me what it wills.   ...   One must obey life." A telegram: 10 o'clock. "For the probable hour of your awakening, Dio. First of all, consider that I dream of you. Until I have written you the contrary at least two or three times, I am yours. Forget that I was unkind. All was permissible to me. I shall give you pain but from afar. My father is taking me to Flowerbury where he is fond of a stable (a very fine one with pointed arches). I also. And there I will reflect and suffer perhaps. ... At last you belong to me. I feel rich.   Do not write to me.   Farewell. "Belle." "And there I shall reflect.. ."Good. "... and suffer perhaps..." How gentle she is to-day. He read over again: "At last you belong to me..." Yes, I am conquered, I have knelt down... Horse of Diomedes, may thy bites not be poisoned! The old team is broken up. One horse has snapped its halter. Another... Which other? I have even forgotten his name. Another. ... Of that one, I shall not dream, I shall no more stroke its quiet shoulder or its fine mane.. .. My dreams have lost their virtue. "At last you belong to me.. .. " I belong, It is true. I am tied to the creature I subjected. In yielding to me, she broke my liberty. The horse rears and falls back on its rider or else, throwing its head back, bites the legs that beat against its flanks. I belong.. .. Sometimes man revolts.. .. Enough. To rest, to reflect, I also, and to suffer— unless I forget.   No, I cannot forget.   I belong. He wished to divert himself.   How? His harem was dispersed. He regretted the amiable tractable women who respected his liberty, his mind, his conscience, with whom he played agreeably. Adventures of the flesh or of dreams, lightsome adventures of the heart. But he was ashamed of his regret. XVI.—THE FAN. It is a magical fan.. .. This little thing changes into a woman at the prayer of a man of good will, that is all. He went to see Pascase. In his hovel, organised according to the laws of science and hygiene, spacious, light, cold, without carpets, or curtains, or hangings, or any draperies, with brackets made of glass shelves, and whitewashed furniture, Pascase, clad in a long hospital coat, was perusing medical books. He allowed Diomedes to come in, as always, but said: — You are the only one. — I know it.   The only man—but women? — No.   Their skirts are full of germs gathered in the streets, on the staircases. — And Mauve? — Did not come. — Yet . . .   What are you seeking? — The name of an illness. — Yours? — Yes, answered Pascase, somewhat crossly. Diomedes let him turn over the pages, filled with pity for this simple, honest and credulous man. "He is really a good specimen of scientific credulity, which differs from the others only because of the object. Two centuries ago, he would have defended the Bible against Bayle. To-day he defends Science—still against Bayle, against irony, against incredulity.   He is of the race of believers, the eternal race, and perhaps the real reserve of the world. The honest and simple man believes; it is his function. He believes the truth taught by the authorities of his time; turn by turn, and sometimes simultaneously, he believes the word of M. de Condorcet and that of M. de Maistre. Avid, his faith forestalls the future, it forestalls miracles, it asserts itself in all the possibilities which comply with the permitted principles. It was theology; it was philosophy; it is science; Man is born, kneeling; he must adore. When it isn't a monstrance, it is a tubulated retort; when it is not the infinite, it is an ovulum. .   . Pascase has several beliefs. The case is frequent. One leads to the other and all agree, Pascase unites in his pious soul, hygiene and Christianity. December 1st, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 231 But he is not even, either he, or his brothers of to-day, the true Believer, the one who holds the Infinite in one bead of his rosary, or who kindles, at the flame of a wax taper, supernatural conflagrations. Pascase is not the humble and admirable poet who transforms the small plaster or wooden statuette into God and who beseeches the stone to be more human than himself, a man.. .. Pascase is the reasoning believer. . . . " — I have found it! shouted Pascase. — What? — The name. — Ah! — It is not dangerous. -— You are sure? Diomedes looked at the date of the book. — Bad.. .. Three years old.. .. Science advances.   ...   A new edition has come out. — When? — This week. — You think so? — One must know everything, answered Diomedes, to be able to deny everything. All sciences contradict each other and all beliefs accumulate. Ah! all! all sensations; all notions; all dreams! All, and to crush all into dust and to disperse it to the winds! To become a new little being who drinks in life with naivete! — You are far from realising such a condition, Diomedes. — I follow my path. I know what would be my realisation. — What? — Total ignorance, total indifference, total indulgence.   ... — Well then, resumed Pascase, smiling, be indulgent, somewhat.   I am going to marry. — That is very social. — You despise me? — Scarcely. Endure life. I also, I endure life. Whom are you to marry? — Christine. — Ah! — Yes. I know, by Tanche, by others, that you love Mademoiselle Néobelle de Sina, therefore I had no scruples whatever. Besides, you boasted. Christine never did come to you. She swore so to me. She only knows you by name, by sight, and by a smile, perhaps. — Unutterable confusion, admirable dream! Remember then the fragrance of roses. — Nerves. — And it is the same one? My Christine, my own? — Yes, that one of whom you spoke as being an ideal love, the one who haunted your ennui—but who never crossed your threshold. — Embodied dream! She is blonde, she is slight, she is smiling and silent? — She is all that. — She exists. — Pascase, you rob me of my dreams! You plunder my brain! Or else, have you the power to evoke bodily the -creations of my mind? Christine, the fragrance of roses, the fan.. .. You realise my thoughts, you give a human form to the flowing imaginings of my nerves. . .   . — No, answered Pascase, and yet the story is wonderful. This young girl who is really called Christine, lives with her mother, near you, in the neighbouring house. For a living, she illustrates fans, principally with the roses amongst which she lives, surrounded by their fragrance. You have seen her often, in the street, but with an indifferent gaze; obscurely she fascinated you, her image penetrated you, and at hours of unnerved solitude, your subconscious imagination evoked her, human and living, under your gaze, under your hands, under your lips. Having entered your brain, your eyes and all your senses having drank in her beauty with her figure, her colour, her fragrance and the fan she always carries, thus she came forth at your secret command, when you had the intense desire lor a companion in your solitude; —and thus, without seeing her, without touching her, I felt her diffused in the atmosphere of your room, like a breath of roses, and your fan, her own work (I know it) supplied our dreams with the real matter of life.. .. Christine, I loved her as you did, from chance meetings, and when you had evoked her, I rushed in, jealous, almost mad. Diomedes admired the force of this argument, adding: — It is possible. All is possible. All is true. I played with a young woman whom I called Christine. She was pretty, simple, lovable and—mute! I never heard her voice, or the slightest cry or sighing. It did not surprise me.. .. She came out of a book, always the same book, and the same page on which was a folded picture representing hermits' little huts in the midst of a forest of great sombre pines. A hallucination, without doubt, but I have long renounced classifying my sensations in two series, the real and the unreal. I accept all the pictures which are conjured up, in me or before me; none troubles me, none frightens me.. .. Christine symbolised many of my desires.. .. All that has become obscure to me. ... I am devoured by the life of the flesh, by the life that cries and weeps. ... I have not seen her since long before the scene of the fan. And yet, I still have the fan. — No, said Pascase, for here it is. I stole it from you. Christine, yesterday, owned it to be her work. Diomedes resumed: — It is a magic fan.. .. What other word? Eh! Cinderella's mice.. .. My friend, this little thing changes into a woman at the prayer of a man of good-will, that is all. Diomedes took the fan. He opened it, looked at it, closed it, inhaled its fragrance nervously. Remembering the scene in which Pascase had seemed to him mad, he was conscious of assuming, at this hour, in this ridiculous apartment, a similar attitude, still more humiliating. Christine would arrive. She entered, without a sound, smiling. She looked at Diomedes, for a second then, without betraying any sentiment, she extended her long pale hands to Pascase. At once, she busied herself in measuring the walls, arranging stuffs brought in a package; she drove nails, standing on a chair, always mute. Pascase looked on fearful, but happy. Diomedes was afraid. It was Christine. It was really the aristocratic maiden accustomed, despite reduced conditions, to realise rapidly her wishes. She dressed the bareness of the walls, insupportable to her sensitive eyes; she drove nails into the plaster, with, perhaps, a secret enjoyment in lifting her hand and hitting. Fier narrow black dress, her heavy auburn hair, all her supple, gentle and harmonious body and that look of an apparition. ... He recalled every pleasure of his dreaming hours. She spoke.   Her voice was clear, incisive and alert: — Take away that table. Then, you must go and fetch me some nails. Pascase obeyed. When he had left, without descending, without relinquishing her hammer, she turned and bent her head slightly towards Diomedes, who said very softly: — Will you allow me to kiss your hand? 232 THE NEW FREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 — Oh! I have already heard that voice saying those same words. . . .   One summer day as I slept, unnerved by the fragrance of the roses. It was in an obscure and warm room. . . .   No, no. . . .   I, do not wish to remember. Go away, go away! But Diomedes had taken the hand which slowly, and as if with dread, yielded to his lips. He kissed it, breathed in its fragrance. It was truly Christine's flesh. Pascase was returning.   He went out. (To be continued.) The Dearth of Genius. IF one may lend one's faith to learned pronouncement, the quality of the art of an age is in direct proportion to the number of those engaged in producing it. The highest achievements do not suffice unto themselves. The greatest genius does not tower above his fellows; he is able only by their interest, their emulation, their aspirations and even their failures, to mount to those pinnacles of success about which the winds of other spheres blow fresh and cold. The noblest artist is, in so far as artist, not individual, any more than a despatch bearer is individual, or a telephone. Fie is a go-between. He is the bridge that humanity has thrown across the great unknown that it may effect an interchange of expression with the stars. An artistic age then is a pyramidal structure. At the base is a society not entirely indifferent to the pleadings of beauty. Above this are the art-lovers, the buying public. Then come the many unsuccessful artists, the mediocre and the failures. These bear up the successful few, who in turn provide the scaffolding necessary to raise the dominating spire, a master. Notwithstanding some very striking exceptions, the history of art offers considerable evidence for this opinion. The theories of Taine may have been empty, but his insight was great. Greece, Italy, Flanders, England and France, are Time's witnesses to this single theorem: great art is not an isolated flower; it is only the tallest bloom in a garden rising because it is compelled by the number and vigour of its blossomy companions to mount high in order to see the sun. It is, accordingly, self-evident that any multitude of striving artists exists primarily to produce a genius. Why, then, have we not to-day a whole brigade of geniuses? Never in history have there been so many people bent on becoming in some sense artists. Their numbers are literally overwhelming. In England, and especially in France, the literary competition is so keen that it is next to impossible for an author— a successful author, mind you—to earn his bread. A celebrated French writer confessed not long ago that he did not earn six hundred dollars a year by his pen. And this, because of the number and fertility of his rivals. A small Parisian newspaper, " Le Phare d'Apollon," announces its yearly subscription price to be, for readers, 2.50 francs; for collaborators, 6.00 francs; and the latter must pay, in addition, a yearly stipend of 12 francs. In exchange, they receive a diploma of littérateurs and have the right to bring out their works in the journal. Socially, too, the situation has changed in thirty years. Parents are even glad at the present time to bestow their daughters upon any long-haired idiot. The words of the Bohemian in Charpentier's "Louise " have come to pass. "First Philosopher: My dear fellow, the ideal of the working people is to belong to the middle class.. .. The desire of the middle class, to be great lords; and the dream of great lords—to become artists!   ..." Contrary opinion excepted, this citation has hardly less pith when applied to America. A friend, a New York journalist, returned home for a holiday to a village in Michigan. He had not been there two weeks before not less than seven young ladies, happy to come in touch with a "literary" man, had drawn him aside, confessed themselves poetesses, and, figuratively speaking, thrown their cherished works at his head. The civilised world is swarming with painters, musicians, sculptors, writers and those beings who, calling themselves artists, must be so by temperament only, since they never give other tangible evidence of their profession. Why, then, if you please, is there so little work produced of more than momentary interest? Must we really believe ourselves still in the grip of Max Nordau fin-dc-siècle degeneration? Or are we unable to recognise genius? Or is the result of art from now on to be merely a pleasant and momentary titulation of the nerves? None of these is likely. Art will probably continue much the same thing as it has always been, and Nature is the best of all guardians of the race. Greece recognised Phidias; Italy Michael Angelo. We should probably have done the same if these masters had happened to be born among us. Are we then to judge that the absolute nullity of most of our art and the very low percentage of genius per million aspirants is the result of a heavenly bull to that effect, and irremediable? Not necessarily. Here arc a few provisional reflections. There are altogether too many men and women to-day who are devoting themselves to the arts. They crave the certain distinction that society grants their calling, and they desire the extremely lucrative reimbursements that are the wages of the skilled charlatan who knows how to capture the public. They ought to be doing something else, but they will not believe that art cannot be acquired by anyone with sufficient patience. The demand for art—poor art—is, moreover, so far in excess of what it has ever been before, that public taste has been partially corrupted. The artist has no time for the slow ripening of his conceptions. New books are no longer the fruit of the years as they sift tranquilly through a profound mind, but of months, even weeks. And if the real artist is hurried and overworked, the money-lover, the literary shark who follows the profession for what there is in it, loses all notion of artistic conscience. He forgets why he is working, if indeed he ever knew. The market is open for stories of such and such a class? Very well, he supplies the demand. The public desires new thrills in the way of musical or painted monstrosities? Very well, he proceeds to create some and hides his corrupted brow under long locks—the very ape of genius. Writing about travelling men for drummers, or jews for Jews, may be commercially justifiable; but compared with the procedure of genius, it is nothing less than charlatanry. The solution will be found when the moving picture sifts yet more thoroughly those from the reading public who do not find it worth while to read; when the world recognises in its heart that art is not something that can be created to order; when the artist admits once and for all that art cannot be exchanged for riches; and when a better social adjustment gives sensitive intellectuality time to catch up with the other faculties of the race, and restores to the public mind insight into what is best. Edgar A. Mowrer. December 1st, 1913 THE  NEW   FREEWOMAN 233 Sayings of K'ung. Selected, with an introduction, by Allen Upward. VI. GOVERNMENT. TSZE-KUNG asked about government. The Master said,—"Let there be sufficiency of food, sufficiency of military equipment, and the confidence of the people in their ruler." Tsze-kung said,—"If it cannot be helped, and one of these must be dispensed with, which of the three should be foregone first?" "The military equipment," said the Master. Tsze asked,—"If it cannot be helped, and one of the remaining two must be dispensed with, which of them should be foregone?" The Master answered, —"Part with the food. From of old death has been the lot of all men; but if the people have no faith, there is no stability." The duke King, of Ts'e, asked about government. K'ung replied,—" There is government when the prince is prince, and the minister is minister; when the father is father, and the son is son." Ke K'ang asked him about government. He replied,—"To govern means to rectify. If you lead on with correctness, who will dare not to be correct?" "Let your desires be for good, and the people will be good. The relation between superiors and inferiors is like that between the wind and the grass. The grass must bend, when the wind blows across it." Tsze-chang asked, saying,—"In what way should one act in order that he may govern rightly?" The Master replied,—"Let him honour the five excellent, and banish the four bad, things; then may he govern rightly." Tsze-chang said,—"What are meant by the five excellent things?" The Master said,—"When the person in authority is beneficent without great expenditure; when he lays tasks on the people without their repining; when he desires without being covetous; when he maintains a dignified ease without being proud; when he is majestic without being fierce." Tsze-chang asked,—"What are meant by the four bad things?" The Master said,—"To put the people to death without having instructed them,—this is called cruelty: to require from them suddenly the full tale of work without having given them warning,—this is called oppression: to issue orders as if without urgency, and, when the time comes, to insist on them with severity,—this is called injury: and, generally speaking, to give to men, and yet to do it in a grasping way,—this is called acting the part of a mere official." He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place, and all the stars turn towards it. VII. DISTINCTION. TSZE-CHANG asked,—"What must the official be who may be said to be distinguished?" The Master said,—"What is it you call being distinguished?" Tsze-chang replied,—"It is to be heard of through the State, to be heard of through the family." The Master said,—" That is notoriety, not distinction. "Now the man of distinction is solid and straightforward, and loves righteousness. He examines people's words, and looks at their countenances. He is anxious to humble himself to others. Such a man will be distinguished in the country; he will be distinguished in the family. " As to the man of notoriety, he assumes the appearance of virtue, but his actions are opposed to it; and he rests in this condition without any doubts. Such a man will be heard of in the country; he will be heard of in the family." VIII. THE BOOK OF THE ODES. THE Master said,—" My children, why do you not study the Book of Poetry? "The Odes stimulate the mind. "They may be used for the purposes of self-contemplation. "They teach the art of sociability. "They show how to regulate feelings of resentment. "From them you learn the more immediate duty of serving one's father, and the remoter one of serving one's prince. "From them we become largely acquainted with the names of birds, beasts, and plants." The Master said to Pih-yu,—" Do you give yourself to the Chow-nan and the Chaou-nan? The man who has not studied the Chow-nan and the Chaou-nan, is like a man who stands with his face against a wall. Is it not so?" IX. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. FAN CH'E asked what constituted wisdom. The Master said,—"To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom." He asked about perfect virtue. The Master said,—"The man of virtue makes the difficulty his first business, and success only a subsequent consideration. This may be called perfect virtue." The Master said,—" The wise find delight in water; the virtuous find delight in hills. The wise are tranquil;  the virtuous are active.  The wise are joyful; the virtuous are long-lived." Tsze-chang asked what constituted intelligence. The Master said,—"He with whom neither slander that gradually soaks in, nor statements that startle like a wound in the flesh, are successful, may be called intelligent indeed. Yea, he with whom neither soaking slander nor startling statements are successful, may be called far-seeing." X. CHARACTERS. ONE said,—" Yung is truly virtuous, but he is not ready with his tongue." The Master said,—"What is the good of being ready with the tongue? They who meet men with smartnesses of speech for the most part procure themselves hatred. I know not whether he be truly virtuous, but why should he show readiness of the tongue?" 534 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 The Master was wishing Tseihteaon K'ae to enter on official employment. He replied,—" I am not yet able to rest in the assurance of this." The Master was pleased. Mang Woo asked about Tszeloo, whether he was perfectly virtuous. The Master said,—" I do not know."' He asked again, when the Master replied,—" In a kingdom of a thousand chariots, Yew might be employed to manage the military levies, but I do not know whether he is perfectly virtuous." "What do you say of Ch'ih?" The Master replied,—" With his sash girt, and standing in a court, Ch'ih might be employed to converse with the visitors and guests, but I do not know whether he is perfectly virtuous." The Master said,—" I have not seen a firm and unbending man." Some one replied,—" There is Shin Ch'ang." "Ch'ang," said the Master, "is under the influence of his passions; how can he be pronounced firm and unbending?" The Master said of Tsze-ch'an that he had four of the marks of a superior man: in his conduct of himself, he was humble; in serving his superiors, he was respectful; in nourishing the people, he was kind; inordering the people, he was just. The Master said,—"Gan P'ing knew well how to maintain friendly intercourse. The acquaintance might be long, but he showed the same respect as at first." Tszc-chang asked, saying,—"The minister Tsze-wan thrice took office, and manifested no joy in his countenance. Thrice he retired from office, and manifested no displeasure. He made it a point to inform the new minister of the way in which he had conducted the government;—what do you say of him?" The Master replied,—"He was loyal." "Was he perfectly virtuous?" "I do not know. How can he be pronounced perfectly virtuous?" Tsze-chang proceeded,—"When the officer Ts'uy killed the prince of Ts'e, Ch'in Wan, though he was the owner of forty horses, abandoned them, and leit the country. Coming to another state, he said,— 'They arc here like our great officer Ts'uy,' and left it. He came to a second state, and with the same observation left it also;—what do you say of him?" The Master replied,—"He was pure." " Was he perfectly virtuous?" "I do not know. How can he be pronounced perfectly virtuous?" The Master said,—"Fine w'ords, an insinuating appearance, and excessive respect; —Tso K'cw Ming was ashamed of them.   I am also ashamed of them. To conceal resentment against a person, and appear friendly  with  him; —Ming  was  ashamed  of  suchconduct. I am also ashamed of it." The Master said,—"When Ch'ih was proceeding to Ts'e, he had fat horses to his carriage, and wore light furs. I have heard that a superior man helps the distressed, but does not add to the wealth of the rich." Where the solid qualities are in excess of accomplishments, we have rusticity; where the accomplishments are in excess of the solid qualities, we have the manners of a clerk. (To de continued.) Contes Macabres. MY CASE. I AM normal, absolutely normal.   I have always been a sane and balanced person.   I have no affectations  of  dress,   the  order  of  my   life presents no peculiarities except that I am, perhaps, more exclusive than is customary. I have said that I was normal, though I have always had an aesthetic appreciation of an unusual kind. But what man of even mediocre genius has not had his foible? Perhaps in this age that denounces any variance from the "normal," as an "abnormality," or "a derangement of the nervous system," there arc those who might say that I was obsessed by the great beauty of Nature's law of transmutation through decay. How well I remember the birth of this passion in me. A boy, a little friend of mine, had strayed from his home. For a week he had been gone, and I, standing at a window, thought of him, and watched the last blood-red glow of the sun. I looked again and again at the fire-ball, and out upon the world through the red mist my eyes retained. I saw the woods beyond as trees of flame; and the stream, a bloody river and above were great purple birds darting and circling as though it were the play of blood-washed sabres. I was so impressed by this notion that I determined to examine them closer. I left the house and followed the path until I came out upon the river bank. An extraordinary odour assailed me. I drank it in ecstasy. But once again in my life was I to experience so exquisite a moment. The birds above circled against the now leaden clouds with an extraordinary majesty. Again my senses stirred with an ineffable longing as that odour at once bland and thrilling was borne to me. The vibrating stillness of a forest folded about me. I was confused, bewildered. Instinctively I followed the scent. I walked blindly, with hardly a sense of motion. And at last I came upon it—the secret of my ecstasy. There, at my feet, in that little secret hollow where we had last played together, lay the scarred and mutilated body of my little friend. Child though I was, I had no terror. I can hear again my own soft cries of ecstasy. I knelt down— I threw myself upon him—I fondled him, calling him by endearing names. In my bliss I got up and danced, and I had what could only have been a Bacchic vision. I seemed to be treading upon great clusters of purple grapes, so that they gave out wine. The heavy blood-red juice dripped from my dancing feet. I have no clear recollection of what followed. I was found, I and my little companion. I tried to speak of my joy, but they stopped me and called a physician, believing that my brain had been turned by terror of the night and my discovery. And indeed the excitement had produced a dull fever and I lay for many weeks with no great wish to be up again and about, so sweet were my dreams by day and by night. In the upheaval of adolescence came the inevitable awakening to beauty. Unstable, wearying in my unknown desires. I still had the most subtly diffused and exotic tremors as memory revived the sensations of that night. I lived from that time with but one purpose—to experience again the full joy of possessing some loved creature, made perfect by Nature's last exquisite function. To will perfectly is to create the desired! At twenty-five my reputation was being established I and, my writings were denounced. "Bizarre neurotic, macabre," were the mildest of the epithets hurled at me by the eternal public that condemns December 1st, 1913 THE  NEW   FREEWOMAN 235 I was living in seclusion, and so might have continued, if I had not been called to assist in settling an estate for a woman who had been my father's ward. She was not obviously attractive; indeed, in appearance she was curiously baroque. At once beautiful, and trivial: fantastic and commonplace: weird and laughable: no one, in reality, more innocuous, more normal could have been found, and that with an appearance equivocal, monstrous! Her eyes were dark, opaque, unwinking in their gaze, and with a dull lustre like those of the dead: they were large, menacing, watchful: they never lightened, though her laughter, which was innocent and childlike, gave them an expression of sly lewdness. Nothing could have been more provocative to a man of my temperament. Her startlingly beautiful hair was like copper, giving to her face a delicate greenish pallor. Her mouth was chaste, wistful, exquisite: she stammered a little. To look into those lustreless, evil eyes and to watch that quivering mouth, half trembling to a laugh, struggling toward heaven only knew what foulness of utterance—and then to hear some childish platitude, stammered—made me shiver with ecstatic and terrible laughter. What a creature! At this moment as I write, after all these years, I quiver and throb with excitement at the vision of her. She was so frail, so exquisite, her body swayed so lightly when she walked, and she had a way, a little gesture all her own, of holding her slender hands before her, groping, as it were, through the most brilliant sun: as though, being dead, with tenuous pathetic fingers she parted the crowding ghosts. Then those implacable, baleful eyes, that morbid pallor, as though she had been formed of the corruption of dead bodies—that suggestion of depravity, that delicious intimation of perverted instincts. To will perfectly, is indeed to create the desired! She was my creation, my manifest thought, the perfect tribute to my genius! I took her home. She had few wants as far as I could judge; I knew very little about her. I believe she was unhappy. I have some idea that her impulses and desires were quite normal. I was incapable of interest in such matters. My work occupied a certain amount of my time morning and afternoon, but it was my pleasure to have her with me during the long evenings. It was our custom to sit late over the fire, with little light in the room. I gloated over her, I devoured her. She spoke rarely, but my prolonged surveys must have troubled her; she was intimidated, as are animals under like provocation; occasionally she wept, and wrung her hands, the lids half dropped over those malevolent eyes. These exquisite moments were, as Fate willed it, so rare as to be numbered, for blindness, the incipient secret of her strange eyes, fell upon her. From that time she became more passive, pliant without a murmur to my will, but unavoidably less interesting. The unreal, the ideal, the potential, are the artist's medium. Had she been as lewd, as corrupt, as her eyes promised, she would have bored me to extinction; and equally, to be forced to realise that her enigmatical, suggested vice and perversion, was but the result of a defect of vision-! Her groping gestures, having now their obvious cause, ceased to delight me with their pathos,—and her health, now that blindness had actually come upon her, seemed 10 improve; her pallor gave way to a delicate flush— but tinted flesh had never any charm for me. For several weeks I worked quietly and alone, but the habit I had formed of having her near me in the evening, troubled me, and in the end I sent for her. She came reluctantly. I said, "We are alone." She gave a civ, a soft wail, and groped for some way of escape. If she had gained colour, now, with her terror, she was pale enough to excite me to a very frenzy of my peculiar lust. She crouched, whimpering like a hurt animal, against the wall. Her little cries—when I think of her little cries-! In the morning she was gone, she had disappeared like a wraith, without sound, slipped off, wandered away, nobody knew what had become of her. We made what effort we could to trace her, but what can one do in the heart of barren country? My man dragged the little pond, his old wife wandered through the wood, weeping and calling for her. Willi me they were surly and fearful. I also searched. Three days passed, and in the evening, just at sunset, I found her. I had been walking at the foot of the garden, watching the red glow of the sunset; the fields stretched before me as though bathed in blood; above me were blood-red clouds. My eyes were arrested by the glory of the light reflected in the window of the turret room—the great pane of glass glowed like molten metal. I felt impelled to go up, to gaze out upon the sun-flooded world from that high point It was there that I found her. Wounded, as he had been—the little boy of whom I have spoken. I do not know how it had happened. She may have had a lover. As I have said, I knew very little of her. She was gentle, clinging, and could have been easily murdered. Finis. CONDEMNED TO DIE. "Nobody will believe me—nobody—nobody—and yet I am telling the truth. How strange that one should be telling the truth and yet not be believed. How can that happen? I ask God how that can happen. To-morrow I am to die—and I am young— I am young. It was the first night of our marriage. How did it happen? I tell you it was the devil's work.   Has the devil conquered God? She is dead—but there would have been another maybe. How can I die—I ask you how can I die to-morrow? It happened so. She was a big girl, strong, with a way of holding her head like a colt not yet broken. She was all brown and red, and I loved her. And yet, there came times when I would draw back from her with foreboding, and she was like a great lady. At the marriage, she was confused, and strange, and distraught. And at the supper, she would touch nothing. It was about three hours before the dawn when the guests left us. We stood a moment at the door, and heard the leaves stir, and the faint sleepy twittings of the birds. Then a wind moaned above the roof and she clung to me frightened while I dropped the bar. She softened. Then of a sudden she gave a cry, and beat on the air with her hands. I turned, but there was nothing. And when 1 turned again, my girl had gone, she looked like a lady born! She seemed grown taller. She had her heard thrown back and lifted like a queen. And then she spoke—and her voice like ice. She said: "She shall die, sooner than that I shall have no body." And with that commenced a struggle, such as no other human eyes have known. For her hands, my girl's strong hands, seized upon her throat, her thumbs upon the windpipe. And I stared, dazed, till it came to me that my 236 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 girl was being strangled, and that not by herself. Then for one moment came my girl's face, and she cried: "Oh, save me, save me! " I sprang to her, and we swayed back and forth, and struggled, I striving to unloose her hands. And always the face changing swiftly—my girl, then not my girl, till 1 grew mad with horror, and caught out my knife to strike at those strangling lingers. And the sight of the blood sickened me—and the thing became a nightmare. I could only pray: "God, wake me from my dream!" And her face, when it came, was all terror, like a child's: and the other was malignant fury. And at the back of my mind, quite clear and sharp, I was saying: "What a pity! " for all this time we were crushing and breaking those little things that we had bought together in such gay humour; and there was one, a pitcher, that smashed and lay like a flower, pink with white edges, and my mind said: "What a pity! "   And that was strange. So we struggled, hours, or minutes maybe, till her clothing was torn from her. But what was human frailty against the strength of devils! And the end came, and my girl's face was blackened, and the blood all trickling down from her fingers where my knife had cut. And that demon spoke again, looking hate out of my girl's eyes at me: "I have conquered and—I die," she said. And then it was my girl again, and she sobbed, "Take me! " like a tired child, and died. I beg you, make the judges say, how the marks came so upon her throat." A LETTER. Thérèse, my very dear one, At last I write you a letter.  You have been patient. That I should so repay your patience! But hear me. It is now six months since I saw you. I have not recovered.   Indeed my malady strikes deeper! We should now have been two months married. Thérèse, my beautiful, no human creature could have drawn me from you. I am haunted. What can be done for me? I have always another about me. Another who wails and weeps continually. This other is a woman, a great blob of sensitive fibre. Yet why do I revile her, I love her, I have possessed her. You say, "but she has no existence." She has not, but I have possessed her soul: daily, I ravish her spirit. With exquisite anguish we flame together, till I am like molten stuff, like molten pain. I cannot describe it. Once I went everywhere, did all things. I was young, I was healthy. You will forgive me, you know of old, my horror of disease, my pride that I was healthy. Now, under this strain, the head grows weary, and I suffer from ill-health. You will say, "go out, go again among people, diversion is good for you." But I cannot, I must protect her. You must understand, she has no existence apart from me. I am like a tree with two great branches. From the waist up I am double. She is contained in me: I am built about her, as though one ring were encased in another. So, when I sit at my desk, she may throw herself forward, arms outstretched, head bowed, weeping.   Then I can see her dimly. It is grotesque, and hideous—and beautiful. You must understand, she suffers continually, a very nightmare of pain, and I suffer with her.   She has—how am I to make it plain to you—she sees clearly. She has no safeguard of convention and tradition. All the horrors of lust and disease she feels and knows. Think, my Thérèse, you who have been shielded and protected by ignorance, by fraud, by tradition, think what it must mean to see clearly the world as it is. Looking back, I know it was a year ago that I first realised her. You remember, how I changed suddenly from gaiety and light living and became the sullen, morose, unhappy fellow that I am. I did not know then that she existed, but only that I could go nowhere without seeing misery. I saw victims, victims, victims, of lust, of brutality, of self-seeking. All my friends became different: you alone, my dear, were unchanged. Tortured, maimed animals were about my feet: I wandered in strange parts of the city without volition: I stood in brothels where children were the victims. I went to old haunts of my own pleasure. All was changed. Where, where, where were the lights, the gay women, the flair, the panache, of the half-world? Where, in that muck of brutal, sordid living, that cesspool of cadaverous vice, was the thread of beauty, the Rabelaisian good humour that we have been taught existed? Wherever I turned, blighted children, sickly midgets, blind, lame, imbecile, shrieked "Lust!" at me. The social system became suddenly vivid, important to me: and I writhed in my bed in the dim mornings, while a great army of miners, factory women, labourers, mechanics filed past me uttering moans and cries of anguish. I decided upon suicide. You remember, when I left you six months ago? When I raised the pistol, I felt—I saw—but how shall I tell you, for it is neither feeling nor seeing— I was conscious of an exquisite, sorrowful face, all the pain of the world incarnate. Quivering, pathetic fingers arrested my action, lips sought mine unsteadily, the lower lip caught in as though with the breath of a sob. All this I got vividly, and with a great sense of relief. The unknown that had haunted me was, at last, known and living. The lips met my own. Thérèse, my dear one, I tell you there are a thousand exquisite sensations, subtle and strong, that we with our coarse grain do not comprehend. Our love, our lust, are but the beginning of what the future will know. When I think of the grotesque clumsiness of our endeavours toward pleasure and sensation, compared to the darting, flickering, biting flame of my new medium, I look upon man as but little advanced beyond the animal, for all of his boasted "progress and civilisation." What colossal stupidity, what monstrous duplicity, has reduced us to this? Through her eyes I see things, I see how all our beautiful instincts have been distorted by treason, by those great lies of the brute world to betray us. The great warring of the brute-world and of consciousness is always about us. I could not endure my impatience and horror were it not for her kisses, her union with me, her beauty beyond beauty to stay me. To see things as they are- What devastation! She has shown me cruelty, that delicate poignard of the Earth-mother, become brutality, a thing that maims, bruises, and shatters, without beauty. She is complete Pain and perfect Beauty. But I am not strong enough to bear it. She suffers too much. It is through my eyes that she sees. I shall blind myself to save her. I shall have her kisses and memory to drag through the years with. I shall sign this in my blindness to show that I am recovered. My great love to you. You will have understood. . .   . Frances Gregg. December 1st, 1913 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN 237 Truth about Homer. CONCERNING HOMER AND CHRONOLOGY. WE are all supposed to know something about Homer, "that mouth sweeter than Calliope," and even if we have never read him the excellent Translations by Butcher and Lang and Mr. Mackail give us a chance to talk about him at tea-parties with a certain aplomb. We mostly know that some German scholar said the Iliad and the Odyssey weren't written by one man but were a compilation of the oral legends about Troy made by command of Peisistratus. We also know that Andrew Lang was the last eminent person who had the courage to maintain that "Homer" was not a lot of people or a compiler, but a great and glorious poet, a child of the morning, a Titanic minnesinger whose vast poems were eagerly listened to and eagerly preserved by scores of wandering bards. But beyond that we get slightly bored and ask for another cup of tea or talk about Bernard Shaw or the English Opera season. And this is the penalty of a superficial age. I shall not transcribe all the erudite arguments on the subject which anyone can read for himself in Merry's introduction to the Odyssey. I won't relate how Wolf said this and Lachmann that, and Grote and Hennings said something else. I have merely to introduce to the learned disputants and the mob an ancient document on chronology and Homer which will, I am confident, settle for all time this bitterly-waged Homeric contest. Unfortunately the author seems ignorant of the names of Stasinus, Arctinus, Leschus, Agias of Troezen and Eugammon—writers of lost epics on Troy—or perhaps we might have learned why it was impossible for one man to write the Iliad and Odyssey when Arctinus wrote the Aithiopis and the Iliou Persis. My contribution to the Homeric question is a translation of a short essay from a book headed "Ditte Candiano della Guerra Troiana." It was published by Vicenzo Vaugris at the sign of Erasmus at Venice in the year 1543 with the privilege of the illustrious senate of Venice for ten years. It contains Italian versions of Dares Phrygius, Quintus Fabius, Caius Sempronius, Manotheone on the Kings of Egypt, Berosus on the antiquity of Babylon, and other interesting and boresome essays. The name of mine author is Archilochus; not, I am convinced, the great satirist, but some curious mediaeval person who assumed the name of Homer's only rival. Mine author seems to have been familiar enough with the epigram on Homer, which may be roughly rendered: — "Seven cities'contended concerning the birthplace of Homer; Smyrna, Rhodes, Colophon. Salamis, Ios, Argos, Athenai. " though the other famous one: — "Seven cities claimed the poet Homer dead, Through which the living Homer begged his bread." was apparently quite unknown to him. His version of the first ran, I suppose, " Smyrna, Chios, Cumse, Salamis, Colophon, Athens, Argos, Meonia." But lo! what happy results come from so erudite a brain as my excellent Archilochus. There was not one Homer but there were eight Homers. How could it be that eight so august cities could be deceived in supposing that an eminent man called Homer had been born in each of them? Archilochus gives each city its Homer, and each Homer his character as you shall read anon. Two kings of Athens I never heard of, and though my respect for so august an authority forbids me to question him, I cannot recollect how Phyrrus came to be slain by Orestes in the temple of Apollo. I am quite sure Apollo was very angry. Here Beginneth Archilochus upon Chronology. Narratcth Mnea Fenice of Damascus in the book ninety and seven of his histories that in the year two hundred and fifty before Ninus there was a flood, as testifieth Moses the ancientest historiographer, and that a flood was sent down nigh unto the river of Arasi, which lieth in the mountains called Caspi. And beneath these early skies the race of mankind being but uncouth did live a life of Gold, even as Nature bade them, without any laws or ordinances whatsoever, until such time as Ninus and Semiramis did war upon the peoples and in such wise first cause the generation of man to err. Also the Chaldees say that one hundred and thirty and one years after Ogige there reigned over them for fifty-six years Saturnus the grandfather of Ninus. And he it was who first began Babylon. There followed him Jupiter Belo, who reigned over Chaldee and Assirii sixty and two years. Ninus fifty and two. Semiramis forty and two. And thence they do compute from Ninus unto the second year of Sphero in which was born Deucalion is four hundred and fifty and one years, and seven hundred years from Novimestre the first flood, from which unto Mnasea of Troy maketh eight hundred and twenty and eight years. There did reign in Troy six kings: Dardanus 31 years; Eritthonius 75 years; Troe 60 years; Ilo 55 years; Laumedontes 36 years; Priam 40 years. And from the taking of Troy unto the twenty-third Olympiad is five hundred years, in which year there lived eight Homers. You shall find the first in the annals of Teuteo, King of Assyrii, who was the twenty-seventh from Ninus. They tell of this Homer that he was of Smyrna and he was chief counsellor of this same king Teuteo, a little time before the Heraclids voyaged unto Peloponnesus, in the twentieth year of Demophoon King of the Athenians, when Pirrus was killed by Orestes in the temple of Apollo. After him was Homer of Chius, who, as you may read in the histories of the Chienses, was very cunning in physick. This was in the nineteenth year of Melantus, king of the Athenians. After him was another Homer of Cumeus, who, as they relate, was rather a mage than a clerk; in the twenty-fourth year of Codrus, king of the Athenians. The fourth was an exceeding rich man and excellent good merchant of Salamis, which is in Cypre, in the eighth year of Agasto, king of the Athenians. Two years later Homer of Colophon, according to the tales of the Ionians, was renowned in painting and in sculpture. The sixth was of Athens, and as they write, he was illustrious under Archipo because he renewed laws that were annulled and enacted new laws. The Argives held the seventh most expert in the arts of music and of geometry, the year seventeen of Diogenito the Athenian. The last was Homer of our age, and he was born in Meonia in the twenty-third Olympiad, five hundred years after the ruin of Troy; he was victor in the Olympic games and by the judgment of all Greece he was held to be their most glorious poet; to him alone was given the task of amending the characters and names of the Greek language, those which, in fashion rude and half-barbarous, were brought by Cadmus of Samothrace after the fall of Troy when he returned after he had fled away from the great affliction caused him by his first wife because he had taken Harmonia also to wife. The characters of Homer were devised most beautifully. Up till then they were the early characters of antique barbarity quite unlike those of Fenice, as we may sec, rather they touch the shapes of Gallatus and Meonius. This same Homer reformed the characters and was the first to deliver the precepts of grammar, up till when every man spoke and wrote in the vulgar. These precepts were received in Italy and in Magna Graeca. So much is said of chronology. The End or Archilochus. Moral.—We should always believe everything we read in books. Richard Aldington. 238 THE   NEW   EREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 Blaspheming Creation. IT was a perfect day. The Painter awoke, saluted his Trilby hat and knee breeches, and raising his chin sniffed the air. All the summer he had remained inert, untouched by the spirit of joy that was in all things. For he was accustomed to feed on men and their works, and not on the spirit that was within him. But now the summer was passing and cities were no longer empty, he was aware of a distinct tingling. Suddenly a long-drawn rhythm greeted his ears. It was "Hee-haw!" "Somebody wants his portrait done," said the Painter. Whereupon there came the response "Hee-haw!" At this moment the " imaginative creative temperament" (whatever this may be) began to assert itself. The Painter rose, plunged his hands into his breeches pockets and stood rocking in gloomy meditation. "I'm sick of portraits," he said. Then he turned and entered the city. He glanced at the human scenery and at the city furniture. He raised his shoulders and spat. Then he strode from the city in haste. Presently he came to a mauve pond in which there was a flock of geese upside down semaphoring with yellow tails. Here was something that fascinated him, and he made frenzied notes. Then he came to a fat wench wearing a print dress, and seated beneath a flowering tree. And suddenly there appeared a cow painted with Nestle's Milk tins, who would have hurt her with its crumpled horns. But she shished it away with an orange and purple sunshade. And the Painter made ecstatic notes of all this. Then he came to three podgy children with shiny green skins, sprawling in a strange light. And he made a little drawing of this. Then he went home and made full-blown pictures of his notes. And to his great surprise he found that the pictured things were unlike the externals which had swept through him. They were really simpler shapes embodying the moods which the pond and ducks, the fat wench and Nestle's Milk cow, and the podgy children with the shiny skins, had called forth. Here was an amazing thing. With the help of common-place externals he had actually levied toll on his "innards." Then he made haste to exhibit his bastard triplets, cunningly seeking thereby to divert picture-tasters from their true vocation. And the fossilised gang came, saw the immensity of the Painter's achievement, and bowed down. There was Sir Claude Filipino (with his pot of Old Master Varnish), Saint Lewis Whine (having washed his face and anointed his head), Andy McTreacle, and indeed, all the auctioneers, valuers and advertisement cadgers. And when they saw the "masterpieces" they lifted up their shrill voices and cried, "Beautiful! Glorious! This is CREATION!" Then somebody said, pointing to the "Fat Wench," "That's the rustic baggage who Goldsmidt married. But why is she so thin and wobbly?" And another answered, "because she's been doing her best for her country and the race of Goldsmidt." The moral is obvious. Externals, like murder, will out even in the best regulated picture. The latter description of the new-born "masterpieces" was as true as the former was false. To twist and torture the things of the earth, to flog them with memory into a symbol of mental indigestion, is not to make them new, but to fake them. The externals are still here, whether plunged deep in eccentricity or floating feebly at its surface. Creation is of virgin birth, it is of man's inner consciousness untouched by the past. To take a theological example, when God moulded the earth out of the void He performed an act of creation; but when He made man in His own likeness He simply manipulated memory. Creation's greatest enemy is memory, for memory leads men to fake and repeat, not to create and increase. Creation is what we want. There is no doubt that the civilised world is in a hopeless mess; its ulcers are past healing. But its grievous plight has been noted, and "creators" are about. Some see the old world swept away and a new world unfolding in space, in delirious form and colour. Others see it as a volcano, whose latest eruption is alone of importance, seeing that the molten lava as it swirls down the mountain forms a new surface, obliterating the old. Others again feel the overpowering motions of a civilisation in the grip of death; and though they desire that the thing itself shall end, yet they ask that the mobile elements to which it has given birth—the throbbings, swirlings, seethings, the manifestations of its vibrating bowels-full of human misery—shall persist. In the latter class are to be found the Futurists under Marinetti, that glorified John Davidson, who are sweeping across Europe in ever-increasing numbers, engaged in a work of pure negation, and blasphemy—a work intended, if it have any intention at all, to insult the intelligence of man, and to destroy the creative spirit which lies within him. The September "Drama and Poetry " in an excellent issue which is devoted to Futurism and might be called Futurism: and After, supplies me with material which affords very good reasons for refusing to place the Marinetti Futurists among the gods. When persons who are professed poets and painters mount platforms and say: "Our first principles are ": "To forget God, Heaven, Hell, Personal Immortality, and to remember always, the earth.'' "To lift the eyes from a sentimental contemplation of the past, and though dwelling in the present, nevertheless, always to live in the future of the earth." And: "We announce that the splendour of earth has become enriched by a new beauty, the beauty of speed." "All beauty is based on strife. There can be no masterpiece otherwise than aggressive in character. Poetry must be a violent assault against unknown forces to overwhelm them into obedience to man." "We will sing the great multitudes furious with work, pleasure, or revolt; the many-coloured and polyphonic assaults of revolution in modern capitals; stations, those ravenous swallowers of fire-breathing serpents; factories, hung by their cords of smoke to the clouds." (What about military and domestic ironmongery, assortments of spring blinds, model fish and farming outfits?) When men who follow the painter's profession shout, "We are the greatest of men! We are the prophets! There is no God, and there is no Spirit, and there is nothing but rabble and earth," they utter a blasphemy against the soul of Creation. It is really extraordinary to consider to what lengths in the way of kow-towing to the "earth" these earthbugs are prepared to go, and it would be painful to read so much of their cheap foolishness in "Poetry and Drama," but for the fact that it is served up in order to emphasise a new conception of Futurism already springing up. If "Poetry and Drama" allots the Marinetti brand of Futurist verse and principles ample space, it does not give them extravagant praise, save a sop or two to its readers by way of apology for naving lifted them to the dignity of recognition. Here are some of its statements: "Futurism is at war with tradition." (This is news. Marinetti's Futurism is faking tradition.)  It is an attitude of mind, a condition of soul." (This must have been years ago Now, apparently, it has deserted the "condition of soul" in favour of) "unflinching loyalty to earth." "Futurism chieflv asks of man that instead of walking backwards with eves of regret fixed on the past, he turn round and walk forward in love of the future." (But was it not Marinetti who described Futurism as Presentism? Perhaps a more recent Futurism is meant, for we read that: ) "We have selected these passages which best illustrate our convictions that Italian Futurism was in its genesis, no more than frenzied Whitmanism, adulterated December 1st, 1913 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN 239 by an excessive, if diverting, admixture of meridional eloquence." (This places the poets of commerce in their heaven and all's right with the world once more.) To compare these "empyreal spirits" with Whitman is, of course, absurd on the part of "Poetry and Drama." Whitman may have found inspiration in queer places just as Paolo Buzzi in his "Song of the Imprisoned" (included in the present volume) finds it in brothels, hospitals, prisons, asylums and graveyards. But he did not help himself liberally to city furnishings, "telegraphs, telephones, gramophones, cycles, motor-cycles, motor-cars, kinematographs," and the mechanical appliances heavily catalogued in "The New Futurist Manifesto." Such things it seems are necessary to awaken the "Futurist Consciousness" by acting upon a feverishly nervous organisation. Whitman was an individualist conscious of the infinite, and his sensations were stimulated by the Spirit of Life with which he drenched his subjects. The Italian Futurists are poets and painters of paroxysm and hallucination who are frequently found "invoking all the furies of madmen." They never go beyond the finite, and their sensations are stimulated by the Spirit of Wireless Telegraphy, and their works are inspired by "man multiplied by the machine." If we recollect that it was Watts' condenser which saddled man with a machine, we see how far the Futurists are justified in ranking as such. What they are really doing is handing legacies from the dead to the dead. The Marinetti Futurists then, are pre-occupied with corruption not with creation. It has been said that the Futurist painters have inaugurated a new period of caricature, and their quaint sympathy with the phenomena of electric civilisation has doubtless opened the door on some varieties of absurd and macabre invention. Of course, it is not unjust to caricature to assert that Futurism has been largely responsible for bringing about its renaissance. Caricature cannot go beyond the re-externalisation of externals: like Futurism it remembers always the earth. We have only to turn to the "New Age" for proof of this. As all the world knows, the 11 New Age" is a journal which, like "Punch," is welcomed because of its middle-class nursery pictures. The "New Age " pictures have the additional merit of being produced by a person standing with his feet deep in the clay. In this unromantic position he may be seen seeking to sum up the political situation in well-known personages who, for the purpose, be provides with samples of comic hair, comic noses, comic chins, faces of pigs, bellies of the beer barrel order, ratty legs and assertive feet,—the stock-in-trade in fact of a whiskey-drinking circus clown. Huntly Carter. EDITORIAL. Letters, andc, intended for the Editor should be personally addressed: Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The New Freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, andc, made payable to The New Free-woman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, andc, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The New Freewoman, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. NEW, POPULAR, UNABRIDGED EDITION OF STIRNER'S  GREAT  WORK: "The most powerful work that has ever emerged from a single human mind." — The New Freewoman. 2s- 6d. net. THE EGO AND HIS OWN By MAX STIRNER. Translated by Steven T. Byington; prefaces and introductions by the translator, Benj. R. Tucker, and Dr. James Walker. Cloth, 520 pages, indexed. 2s. 6d. net, postage 3d. U.S.A. 75 cents post free. The Morning Post says; " It must always rank as the most uncompromising attempt to vindicate the all engrossing egoism that is the intellectual basis of anarchism properly so called. ,.. There is something awe-inspiring in the spectacle of this lonely thinker applying himself to the hopeless task of destroying the myriad mansioned structure of human society with a small hammer that no suffragist would look at and a bent nail (or chisel. He asks no help from his fellow-anarchists; the bomb is as senseless and tyrannical in his mind's eye as the policeman's truncheon or the king's sceptre or the grace of God—which seems to him the worst despotism of all.. .. However, the cold and unconquerable courage which has enabled him to press his principle to its ultimate conclusion, has gained him many admirers in these latter days. ... To Stirner the Ego is the only reality, the only ideal. There is nobody else and nothing else in the universe, and when all man can say with him, 'All things are nothing to me,' then freedom will be fully achieved." The Athenaeum says: "It is a book even more relevant to modern thought than to its own age, and the power of logic with which its doctrine of a complete egoism is set forth has given it permanent importance." ANARCHISM By DR. PAUL ELTZBACHER. Translated by Steven T. Byington. Cloth gilt, 330 pages, 5 illustrations, 6s. 6d. net, postage 4d. An elaborate comparative study and summary of the writings of Godwin, Proudhon, Stirner, Bakunin, Kropotkin, Tolstoi, and Tucker, with portraits of all except Proudhon and Stirner. "Dr. Eltzbacher's scientific exposition is all the more valuable because he is net an Anarchist. He is a scholar, who, seeking to know anarchism scientifically, has produced a work which the translator, who is an Anarchist, describes as the most complete and accurate presentation of anarchism that ever has been given in so short a space."—Chicago Public. STATE SOCIALISM AND ANARCHISM How far they agree and wherein they differ. By  BENJ.   R.   TUCKER. Wrappers 3d. net, postage Vd.   U. S.A. 10 cents post free. A new edition of what is perhaps the best short exposition ever written Of the fundamental differences between State Socialism and Anarchism (Authority and Liberty), by the editor of Liberty, and reprinted from its famous pages. THE SEVEN THAT WERE HANGED By  LEONID  ANDREIEFF. Translated by Benj. R. Tucker. Wrappers 6d. net, postage id. U.S.A. i$ cents Post free. ''Nothing can give an idea of the penetrating emotion of this recital' which unfolds itself so simply, without any attempt at morbid effects or theatrical revolt, without the least explosion of hatred or indignation Yet in its sorrowful sobriety it constitutes the severest and most definitive arraignment of Tsarism."—Les Nouvelles, LONDON: A. C. FIFlELD, 13. CLIFFORD'S INN, E.C. 24o THE   NEWFREEWOMAN December 1st, 1913 Poetry A Magazine of Verse. Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English; Reviews and discusses new books and verse: Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art. If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture, requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe. POETRY, 543, Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Send Poetry for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginning_to Name__ Address_ The Divine Mystery. A  READING in the History of Christianity down to the Time of Christ. By ALLEN   UPWARD, AUTHOR of THE NEW WORD. The author's New Word is the only work on science and religion that has ever been accepted by both sides. In the present volume the history of religion is presented as the history of science. The story of the Virgin Mother, though only an episode in the narration, will be read with especial interest by reformers of the relation between the sexes. Garden City Press, Letchworth. Price 10s. 6d. It is requested that the work may be ordered through a Bookseller. THE Canzoni of Arnaut Daniel Translated by EZRA POUND. With text and an introduction by him and fac similes of the original music and transpositions made by  Walter Morse Rummel. A limited edition.   Write for prospectus. THE RALPH FLETCHER SEYMOUR CO., Publishers, 1025 Fine Art Bldg.    Chicago, U.S.A. READERS of the New Freewoman are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS. This is the most effectual way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to Miss HARRIET SHAW WEAVER, Oakley House Bloomsbury Street, London, W.G. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see page 239. Printed by Robert Johnson and Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Prooriet The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.