The Crisis . The CRISIS Vol. 13-No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1916 Whole No. 73 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR \ .'• , TEN CENTS A COPY Publisher's Chat, As is usual with our city numbers—the great amount of interesting material relative to Richmond, Va., and the difficulty of completing some important details makes it advisable to postpone the RICHMOND NUMBER until January. It will be the better for the waiting. Meantime, prepare for our CHRISTMAS NUMBER which we expect to be more interesting than our Christmas numbers of the past; and that is saying much. Await THE CRISIS CALENDAR for 1917. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T . Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) . . . 1.00 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 5 0 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R . Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick-Savers) 2.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention The Crisis TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for November, 1916 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph From Life. By F. H. Cloud MEN OF THE MONTH 20 MR. HUGHES AT NASHVILLE, TENN 34 ARTICLES THE COLORED CITIZEN OF PUERTO RICO. By Hallie E. Queen 13 THE LOVELY LADY. A Story. By M. E. Lee 14 THE CALL. A Poem. By Will N. Johnson 15 MATE. A Poem. By G. Douglas Johnson 36 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 9 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 16 MEN OF THE MONTH 19 THE LOOKING GLASS 22 THE HORIZON 28 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. . MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Address to the Colored Voters by the COLORED ADVISORY COMMITTEE of the REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE Adopted in New York on October 6, 1916 The Committee of Colored Citizens selected from the country at large as Advisory to the Republican National Committee having met this day in New York City and desiring to express to the colored voters of the country the necessity for supporting the Republican Party candidates for President, Vice-President, Senate and House of Representatives addresses this letter to the colored voters of the country whose duty it is to register in order that they may perform their duty to the country in this National crisis. This is the Presidential year. The time has come to hold the Wilson Administration and the Democratic Party to a "strict accountability," Are you ready for the fight? Or do you desire four years more of what the New York World calls the "Jim Crow Government at Washington"? No campaign since that for the second election of Abraham Lincoln has been more vital to the liberty and happiness of the 10,000,000 of colored citizens than is the present campaign for the election of Charles Evans Hughes for President, and a Republican Congress. Four years ago a considerable number of the race helped to elect a Democratic president. This was done under fair THE CRISIS ADVERTISER promises of just treatment, "not grudgingly given but in generous fashion." The result has shown the experiment to have been the utmost political folly and race-suicide, and has shown that the Democratic party cannot be trusted to deal fairly with our race in this country. The votes of the men of color for the Democratic candidates for President were obtained by fine phrases and false pretenses. No sooner had the Democratic Administration come into power than Mr. Wilson and his advisors entered upon a policy to eliminate all colored citizens from representation in the Federal Government. The offices of Assistant Attorney General, Recorder of Deeds, Register of the U. S. Treasury, Auditor for the Navy, Minister to Hayti, Collectorships of Internal Revenue in New York, Florida, and Hawaii, were vacated and filled by white Democrats. There were no "deserving Colored Democrats" to be found in the country. Not only did the Administration proceed to demote and eliminate the Negro from the Civil Service of the United States by scores, and to segregate those remaining in the service, but also to make impossible further appointments by requiring the race of the applicant to be shown by his photograph. The Administration was "too proud to fight" Mexico but did not hesitate to conquer the Black Republic of Hayti and Santo Domingo. There was one policy of International justice for Mexico and another one for the Negro Republics to the south of us. The President has expressed himself as in sympathy with the "enslaved men and women of Mexico," but has found no words of sympathy for the Colored citizens of America. "The New Freedom" does not include the Negro. "Humanity" for which the President has expressed such great love, does not include the Colored Race. The President said in a notable address that "the man who seeks to divide man from man, group from group, and interest from interest is striking at the very heart of America." No man has done so much since Emancipation to separate and divide the Nation into THE CRISIS ADVERTISER groups, and to eliminate the Colored Race as a representative group of Americans, as has the President himself. Colored men, we must arise! Those who vote and those entitled to vote must strike for their liberties. This is a campaign for the restoration of the rights, privileges and immunities that we have heretofore enjoyed under a Republican Administration of the National Government. Four years more of President Wilson will mean our complete elimination from American politics. W e submit that the man who is ready to die for his country at Carrizal is good enough to serve his country at Washington; and that the man who is fit to be buried in the National Cemetery at Arlington, is fit to serve his country in the Capitol of the Nation. The Republican candidate for President, Charles Evans Hughes, has shown himself to be a man of highest character and of absolute sincerity in his devotion to the cause of liberty, justice, and humanity, and when he is elected President of the United States, we may confidently expect from him a square deal and complete protection in all our sacred rights as citizens, and the full enjoyment of the opportunities to which we are justly entitled, under the Constitution and Laws of our Country. SIGNED: Charles W. Anderson, of N. Y. Fred R. Moore, of N. Y. William H. Lewis, of Mass. W. C. Matthews, of Mass. William Oscar Payne, of N. Y. Rev. Richard M. Bolden, of N. Y. Andrew F. Stevens, of Pa. Junius M. Green, of N. Y. W. Justin Carter, of Pa. Gilchrist Stewart, of N. Y. Charles A. Cottrill, of Ohio. Harry G. Tolliver, of Conn. William P. Dabney, of Ohio. Rev. Ernest Lyon, of Md. Harry S. Cummings, of Md. J. C. Napier, of Tenn. Charles Colburn, of Del. A. A. Felding, of Tenn. Philip Waters, of W. Va. Henry Lincoln Johnson, of Ga. Whitfield McKinlay, of D. C. Benjamin J. Davis, of Ga. James A. Cobb, of D. C. Perry W. Howard, of Miss. Charles Pickett, of D. C. Joseph E. Lee, of Fla. R. R. Church, Jr., of Tenn. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ? SPEECH of CHARLES E. HUGHES Delivered at Bethel A. M. E. Church, New York City NOVEMBER 6, 1906 Mr. Anderson, Ladies and Gentlemen: It is a great satisfaction for me to be able to be with you tonight. Forty years ago we had a great crisis in this country—a little more than forty years ago—and to preserve the Union we poured out our money, our treasure and the lives of many of our best citizens. W e desired to have equality before the law. W e desired to have the benefits of free institutions extended to all those that were just as much entitled to them as those that already enjoyed them. No one knows better than you how important it is that appeals to passion should not subvert the judgment. No one knows better than you that in dealing with those who are guilty we should proceed according to due process of law. W e want the spirit of fairness always to prevail. W e don't want any lynch law in this country. W e don't want any lynch law in criticism. W e don't want any lynch law in newspapers. W e don't want any lynch law, or the spirit that manifests itself in lynch law, anywhere. I stand for equality before the law. I STAN D EVE R AGAINST UNJUST DISCRIMINATION AGAINST ANY MAN ON ACCOUNT OF HIS COLOR OR ON ACCOUNT OF HIS RACE OR ON ACCOUNT OF ANYTHING. W e are all together in this country working out our salvation under the greatest plan of self-government that the world 8 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER has ever seen. It was founded for the purpose of equalizing opportunity. Its foundation principle is that all men stand before the laws as citizens with equal rights and equal opportunities, and with an equal chance to get the rewards of industry and integrity, with equal chance to win the reputation that is due to manhood and honor and decency in life and honor in all the activities of life. W e revere the memory of that great man who, in silent fortitude, bore his burden, who was content always to be right, careless alike of praise or of blame, who was more anxious to be just than to be famous, who was more anxious to be fair than to hold office, and through all his life breathed the intense desire to give liberty, to give freedom, and in all that he did to answer with his conscience in the presence of the God who gave it to him. W e cannot have too much of that spirit in our American life, and we cannot condemn too strongly the misuse of that appeal. I want you to know, my friends, that if I am elected Governor, I will be your Governor, the Governor of every one of you. I want to see that you have, every one of you, a square deal. I want every one of you to be protected in your sacred rights as citizens, and have the opportunity that you are justly entitled to have in this great commonwealth. And I want you to know, whether you are Republicans or whether you are Democrats, whatever your allegiance may have been, that I stand here with no other ambition but to serve the people of the stale and be the Governor of all, irrespective of race, color or party." EVERY COLORED MAN Should Endorse these Lofty Sentiments by VOTING FOR CHARLES EVANS HUGHES and the Entire Republican Ticket TH E CRISIS Vol. 13—No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1916 Whole No. 73 Editorial APPROVAL WRITE to say that I cordially approve the position that you have taken in the last number of TH E CRISIS in regard to the political attitude which colored men and their friends must take. It seems to me exactly right. I thought it was an extremely good number. Yours truly, MOORFIELD STOREY. the world last month THE sale of the Danish West Indies, full as they are of color problems and calculated to intensify the one problem to which the United States gives no attention and in which it exercises no common sense, has not yet been consummated. It will, however, probably come—not on account of the wish of Denmark, but on account of her weakness. Then we shall welcome some 40,000 more colored comrades to help us in the fight for freedom. The strikes which have threatened and eventuated recently are the attempts of the working class to gain a larger share of the results of industry. They are perfectly justified. Modern industry has been built on the theft of the products of labor by a system which gives to the rich man and the leading gambler a ridiculously disproportionate share of the world's income. These strikes are coming now because of the rapid increase in the cost of living and the expanding demand for labor in the piling up of world wealth. Pity it is that colored laborers are not more largely members of unions and have not learned more thoroughly the strike philosophy. We see, happily, our sister, Mexico, made up of people of mingled Spanish, Indian and Negro blood, free, at least temporarily, from the menace of war. Greedy American and European investors have for decades fattened on her mines, her industries and her peons. The Revolution was an awful effort to get rid of these parasites and other beasts of prey of native growth. Our every effort should be bent toward giving Mexico freedom for her new development. The campaign primaries bring out the Southern oligarchial rule. In the North primaries are for the nomination of party candidates ; in the South they are for the election of State officers. In the North they have been conducted on the whole with freedom and fairness; in the South they are conducted with fraud and unfairness; yet the South rules the Nation. The Great War totters to its close—not that the close is necessarily near; it may be a year or two years off—but it is in sight. The nation that wantonly precipitated it is going to be beaten. We follow then with tense interest the blood drama on the Somme, the Styr and the Danube. Those who would read further of these events should note Slosson's article on the "Danish West Indies" in the Independent and Dabney's article on Mexico in the Outlook. Beyond these they may study "American Labor Unions" with Helen Marot, and above all read Boudin's "Socialism and War." THE CRISIS THE TERRIBLE GOOD IT is not the sins of the wicked that make life's worst tragedy —it is the deeds of the good. Here is a case in point: The "Birth of a Nation" is the worst public libel ever perpetrated. It has been outlawed by governors, exorcised by mayors and damned by all right-thinking people. And yet! The Y. M. C. A.— the Young Men's CHRISTIAN Association — is today promoting it in Panama as a moneymaking scheme; and Hampton Institute has not hesitated to use this vile and unspeakable libel on ten millions of Negroes as a means of cheap advertising! Hampton, Tom Dixon and the Y. M. C. A.! Good Lord! JOSIAH ROYCE IN the death of the great teacher, versity, the Negro race in America and indeed all races lose a fine-fibered friend. His book, "Race Questions and Other American Problems," published in 1908, should be in every black man's library. He writes in this wise: "Dead men not only tell no tales; they also, strange to say, attend no schools and learn no lessons. And hereby they prove themselves in the eyes of certain students of race questions to have been always of a much lower mental type than the cultivated men who killed them. Their surviving descendants, if sufficiently provided with the means of corruption and if sufficiently down-trodden, may remain henceforth models of degradation. For man, whatever his race, is an animal that you unquestionably can debase to whatever level you please, if you have power and if you then begin early enough and devote yourself persistently enough to the noble and civilized task of proving him to be debased. "I doubt not, then, that some races are more teachable than others. But I do very much doubt our power to estimate how teachable a race is, or what can be made of them, or what hereditary mental powers they have until we have given them centuries of opportunity to be taught. Fortune and the defects of the Roman Empire gave to the Germanic peoples an extraordinary opportunity to learn. So the world found out how teachable they were. Let their descendants not boast unduly until they, too, have given to other races not indeed the opportunities of conquerors, but some equal opportunity to show of what sort of manhood they are capable." How clear and just is this reasoning and yet how seldom it is applied. For instance, at Columbia's opening Professor Seligman speaks of the way in which the University must Josiah Royce, at Harvard Uni stand for intellectual freedom: "Intellectual freedom means liberation from superstition and all the primitive manifestations of mental enslavement. The University achieves the mastery of the mind over matter, of man over nature. Next is mastery over one's self. To achieve this victory we need to strike off the fetters of prejudice, the bonds of convention and above all, the shackles of sentiment. The University, through the liberation of the intellect, is humanizing mankind." And yet strenuous effort has been made at Columbia and elsewhere not only to deprive colored men of University training, but to keep them from developing their own Universities. They have been solemnly preached to and urged to be servants. But when a white woman writes to the New York Journal and asks about house servants what does the Journal say? It says what every white man knows is true and just as true of black people as of white people: "Remember that domestic service is slavery. Lack of appreciation, EDITORIAL lack of good manners on the part of employers, makes it often a very unpleasant kind of slavery. No woman enters domestic service if she can help it, as a rule. And at present almost any woman can help it." SCIENTISTS ONE of the extraordinary things about many American men of science and the thing that has brought them in dis repute among scientists of the world is the ease with which they profess to talk about matters of which in the nature of the case they know nothing. Dr. Woods Hutchinson, for instance, may be, as the New York Journal modestly puts it, the "world's foremost writer on medical subjects." At any rate, he takes a day off to write on the Negro problem. What does he know about it? Nothing. How much contact has he had with Negroes outside of a few servants who have waited on him? None. What does he know about the inner currents of feeling, thought and striving among these ten million human beings? Not a thing. But do these facts deter Dr. Hutchinson? Not a bit. He tells us in two columns just what has been happening in the race for the last fifty years; just what Negroes have been thinking of and doing. They frankly and readily admit, he says jauntily, that they "cannot as yet compete on equal terms in the arena of civilized life with the white race. They are but a child-race by contrast—only half a century from slavery and scarcely two centuries from savagery—but like a child-race they are growing. They have the future before them and they are willing to wait and let the next hundred or two hundred or three hundred years decide the question of what their real racial worth and possibilities are." It may be said without a moment's hesitation that this is not the attitude of the Negro race in America—never has been and never will be—and that for Dr. Hutchinson or for anyone else to spread such balderdash among the white public is simply to deceive them. It is peculiarly indefensible when he writes ostensibly as a scientist with knowledge of his subject. SOUTHERN CIVILIZATION THE new Encyclopedia Britannica has listed the States of the Union according to the number of sets of that monu mental work which have been sold in proportion to population. Where is the South in this list? Where would you expect it to be? At the end, of course, with Mr. Vardaman's State leading the rear and Mr. Tillman's State next to it and Georgia, Alabama and Texas, of lynching fame, ranking close to the end. This is not only the natural fruit of slavery; it is the fruit of present political and legal conditions in the South. We have it out of the South's own mouth. The Macon Telegraph writes of the recent Primary in Georgia: "The 'red shirt' days in South Carolina ; the rottenest days during the period of the Hamburg riot; the slime of the most nauseating politics ever known in Georgia—none of it even nearly borders on to the method of campaigning now going on in behalf of Hugh M. Dorsey." The Primary in South Carolina was just as bad if not worse. It is this kind of oligarchy that the South wants perpetuated; it is for this reason that the Southern women in the Suffrage convention at Atlantic City were so strenuously opposed to a National Suffrage Amendment. Suffrage based on National law will eventually be enforced by the Na tional Government; but Suffrage based on Georgia law will be enforced as Georgia is now enforcing it. Yet the Northern women in the Suffrage convention were blind as bats as to THE CRISIS the real animus behind the fight of Laura Clay and Kate Gordon. The woman correspondent of the New Republic grows enthusiastic, shrill and almost inarticulate over one of them: "We gloried in her. We revelled in her!" Of course we did, and if some poor, old black woman, disfranchised and deprived of her rightful support by a lyncher's mob which had made a mistake, had happened into that convention "we" would not have "gloried" or "revelled" in her. We would have passed the hat and told her to go home and not agitate for the "Impossible." MR. HUGHES WE are sorry that Mr. Charles Evans Hughes has not found opportunity to answer the courteous and pertinent letter printed on page 16 and sent him nearly a month ago. We are told by Mr. Herbert Parsons, of the Republican National Committee, that the failure to answer was not intentional nor significant. Mr. John E. Milholland, a staunch friend of the Negro, also assures us that Mr. Hughes' attitude is right on every question raised in our letter. All this is gratifying, but it is not sufficient. We want to say a last word to the leaders of the Republican party; if anyone thinks that the Republicans have 500,000 Negro votes in their pockets they have some more thinking to do. No intelligent Negro can vote for Woodrow Wilson, but he can vote for Allan L. Benson or HE CAN STAY HOME on election day, unless Mr. Hughes satisfies him by some statement more specific than the Nashville speech and more recent than the speech of ten years ago. Underwood and Underwood. GOVERNOR WHITMAN RECEIVES THE FIRST COLORED REGIMENT INTO THE NEW YORK NATIONAL GUARD. THE COLORED CITIZEN OF PUERTO RICO By HALLIE E. QUEEN THE waters of the Caribbean Sea flow gently into Mona Passage and thus are led into the Atlantic Ocean, passing at this point by the beautiful Island of Borin quen, or Puerto Rico as it is now called. Should a steamer passenger find himself weary at this point he might drop off at one of the landlocked harbors or open road steads which Nature has formed at various points on the coast. Be he decent and re spectable he is sure of a welcome, the nature of which will not be measured by the color of his skin. On the western coast of the Island is situ ated the beautiful town of Aguadilla, where Columbus, on his second voyage (1493) stopped to get water. Here we would be glad to welcome the stranger and some of our High School youths would be happy to show him the city. Come first into our school. The first free school in Puerto Rico was opened by Maestro Rafael Cordero, a Negro cigar maker, for whom a street in the capital is now named. The American traveler will be struck with the various physical types of the students. He will surely find, in one room, every class that he would discover in the United States should he travel from East to West and from North to South. One of the finest teachers on the Island, Senorita Carmen Gomez Te jera, is a colored girl. She has the record of holding the highest average ever made by any student of the Insular Normal School since that institution was established. One of my own students, Candelario Calor, also colored, has one of the best developed brains with which I have come in contact. He works side by side with other types of students who admire and praise him without once referring to his color. The Spanish explorers found the island populated by Indians. The only Spaniards who came were men and they formed unions with the Indian women, producing a Spanish-Indian mixed race. On the tenth of September, 1518, Don Lorenzo Gorrebad was given the privilege of introducing 4,000 Africans into the Antilles for the purpose of slavery. Many of these came to Puerto Rico. New unions were formed between the Spaniards and Africans, Indians and Africans and Indian mulattoes and African mulattoes. The results of these mixtures are the Puer toricans of to-day. Brown hair and white face, red skin and black locks, mulatto and Negro types and even, though rarely, blue eyes and golden hair are seen. What sad problems would arise among these people did they live in this, the white man's country. But not so here. Society easily divides itself into two classes called "first" and "second" (never "white" and "colored"). The first group consists of persons whose positions keep them out of the artisan work. That is, they are the law makers, physicians, teachers, engineers and other professional people. The second class consists of barbers, tailors, tobacco workers, hat makers and other artisans. These are the two classes of good society. Below them is a class called "the poor people," which consists of every thing from servants to beggars, and no ac count is taken of color. Within it there is a picturesque group of pure African blacks who will not marry outside of their own ranks and who retain the songs and sym bolic dances of their native land. Between the first and second classes there is but one line drawn. Each class has its own casino or hall in which its balls are given and to which only its own members are invited. In every other point of social contact these two classes are equal. In friendships, schools, theatres, hotels and even in secret societies the line breaks down. Some of the most eminent citizens of Puerto Rico have been and are men of color and it is difficult to find any statistics on this sub ject, as a man's race is seldom mentioned. Dr. Jose C. Barbosa, a member of the Executive Council and close to the governor in politics, is a colored man. Don Eugenio Lopez Sanchez, Chief of the Federation of Labor, was a Negro. Don Jose Madero, Government Engineer; Dr. Zaratt, Public Health Inspector; Gaetan Barbosa, Ex-Mayor of Bayamon, and many others, are certainly colored men. At least two colored Americans, whom I know personally, are making excellent records on the Island—one in law, the other in dentistry. 13 THE CRISIS After the Indian slaves were freed in Puerto Rico, Negro slavery existed until on March 22, 1873, the Spanish Republic, by unanimous vote, abolished all slavery in Puerto Rico. This freed 34,000 Negroes. Yes, really freed them, for the Negro of Puerto Rico, with forty years of freedom, is a man in possession of all the rights of the Spanish descendant who sits beside him in the Legislative Assembly. So often, since I have been on the Island, have I wondered what and why is prejudice? I have met Americans from Texas, Alabama and North Carolina as well as from Maine and Massachusetts. They all seem to have forgotten Colorphobia and are kind, broad and courteous. This may be due to the lofty spirit of Governor George Colton, and even more, to that of former Commissioner of Education, Edwin Grant Dexter, than whom a truer nobleman never lived. And now we bid the traveler farewell, but always with a hearty wish that he come again. It may be worth his while, when in his country of storm and stress of racial hatreds, to remember that just across the ocean the American flag floats over a little Island whose palm trees shade free men. There never a murderous rope has been coiled, nor a Jim Crow sign hung, nor a door of opportunity closed to a man because his face was black. THE LOVELY LADY By M. E. LEE WE had a sort of little Venice there all to ourselves. Off Tradd one went down slope to the edge of Greenhill street and there came upon our place, a white cottage pushing its slim dock into the Ashley River. The narrow dock served as our back porch and we often sat there in the half-gold December sun, watching streamers of light shifting about on the brownish river. Or, when the tide was low, we would look down upon stilted sandpipers that shot about the soggy mouse-colored sands. Once, I remember, two particularly large buzzards flew languidly over our heads. Then Peter was ready with his everlasting folk tale. Little boy Peter! I can see him well: brown legs dangling against the palmetto stakes, round eyes gazing up. "You know, mum"—"mum" always, for in that narrow strip called Charleston both vowels and piazzas are broad. "You know, mum, Mistah Buzza'd he goin' to fin' somethin', fo' truth, mum. Then when those two tucky buzza'ds fin' somethin' they go back awn get the king of the tucky buzza'ds, mum. Awn he come with all the hundred otha buzza'ds. But they don't touch anything till King Tucky Buzza'd pick out the whatevah it is eye. Then he fly off awn leave all the otha's to eat." Peter's self-importance sometimes wearied me, so I looked up now at the white polar bears in the sky and pretended not to hear the small boy at my side. Persistent Peter, however, was not easily discouraged. For a moment he studied my face, then dangled his feet with increased velocity and tossed his small head and crowed: "Tucky Buzza'd, Tucky Buzza'd, len' me you' wing, Fly across da rivah to see Sallie King. Tucky Buzza'd, Tucky Buzza'd, len' me you' wing, Fly across da rivah to get my gol' ring!" "Where on earth did you get that song, Peter Wall?" I was about to ask in spite of myself when a thin voice piped, as if out of the water, "O, Petah, sing the little song again. Go on." I turned and in a minute saw a tall white woman, lank as a ferret and bent like a German cutlass, complacently watching us over a tiny gate. You could scarcely be brought to appreciate the arrangement of this gateway unless you had seen Peter's godmother's place. Part of the palmetto-staked dock prolonged itself a trifle after reaching land to become an end of Godmother Wall's back porch. At the gate partitioning the dock from the porch Mrs. Case, our white visitor, was halting. "Sing the song again, Petah." My small companion was all diffidence and graciously responded to his encore by chirping that nonsense song about the "buzzad's" THE CALL while I looked to see how our caller was and palms and milky jonquils and Mexican taking it. She was receiving it on paper, vines that gleamed in the light, while all scratching away eagerly. about her, but in her eyes more than else "Now then, Petah," said she at last, where, shone the gold sun. How good and "what's that otha' one you sang in front of strong and beautiful was cinnamon-brown my house yestahday? You know." Rebecca. Aye! Soon Peter was exultingly rolling "All right," said Mrs. Case without glancforth: ing from her manuscript. "Know any moah, "Brer Rabbit, what ah you to do-dee? do you? You know, I'm writing a book all To open da oystah fo' da young ghul. about you Chawleston colored people's De oystah bite off my fingah, songs and you got to help me out, Becca, De young ghul took me fo' lovah." like a good girl." Peter accompanied his serenade with magRebecca said she would be only "too nificent swagger, shoulder shrugs, working proud" to do so. When her visitor called for of the eyeballs, much as the black oyster more she gave the dance song that Negroes men—fronting whose verdant little island once sang in the moonlight in Battery Park we then sat—must have rendered that same before they were compelled to retire to the selection. Why, Peter had caught the very Mall. She again complied without show of poised arrogance that I could fancy constant weariness or ill-feeling and sang "Toolielording it over her had accustomed the loo" so sweetly. oyster man to flaunt before "the young Mrs. Case had filled perhaps a dozen pages ghul." in her note book and now she glanced up Mrs. Case scratched away industriously. to say, "Thanks" and "That all?" But I thought in the meantime, "She is missRebecca, smiling ruefully, replied that she ing the richest part of it, Peter's gestures." feared it was. Now the godmother of Peter came out "Now, if you should evah want any of my and all but courtesied. rose clipping, Becca, why you know just "Oh, Becca, you the very one I want to where to get them. Good-bye." And off see!" cried our guest with loud condescenmarched the interviewer through our porch sion. "How does that go about—you know" and up the slope. —carelessly—"a—a—'Barkalingo Water"That is a very lovely lady," smiled Remelon,' whatever it is? Let's hear that becca, returning from an attempted escortnow." ing. "So good to colored people." Again pencil and paper impatiently waited. Stout Rebecca crossed her arms Rebecca's glance was perhaps following before her and complied with sweet grace, the figure of Mrs. Case up the slope, but at like the old-fashioned lady she was. the words "lovely lady" my eyes had been The song came, mellow as river mursatisfied to seek no further than the kindly murs. I can see Rebecca Wall there now, face before me. In its patient optimism standing before her small bower of ferns was loveliness enough for me. THE CALL By WILL N. JOHNSON OH! the summer is soft and the breezes blow Where my ship rides over the sea, And the gulls still eagerly lead I know, For my Love is Calling to me. Oh! the mist envelops my wine-spent years, And the ship of my hope goes down; But my soul sails on thru the sea of tears Where my Love's sad Callings sound. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People Springfield, Mass., contributions— W. B. Jones, collector 23.12 Pingree Lodge No. 1, K. of P. Detroit, Mich .-• 24.00 Credited Annapolis, Md., Volunteer Associa tion . . ! 22.50 Central Club, Youngstown, O 20.00 Contributions through The Guar dian, Boston, Mass 20.00 Guthrie, Okla., anti-lvnching meet ing 20.00 Tulsa, Okla., anti-lynching meeting. 18.50 Historical and Literary Society of Bethel A. M. E. Church, New- Bedford, Mass • 17.60 Colored Progressive Ass'n of Win nipeg, Can 16.00 Eufaula, Okla., anti-lynching meet ing 15-00 St. John's Baptist Church-of Wo burn, Mass 14.20 Contributions through The Monitor, Omaha, Neb 13.00 Contributions through The Jesse Goode Real Estate Company, Boston, Mass 12.50 Masonic	 Grand Lodge of Mary land 12.30 A. M. E. Church, Lynn, Mass 12.00 Total $1,884.72 INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTIONS— Albert E. Pillsburv, Boston 100.00 Walter E. Sachs, New York 50.00 W. C. Gannett, Cambridge 30.00 Anonymous, Boston 25.00 Gov. R. L. Beekman. Providence 25.00 Credited Rev. Hutchins C. Bishop, New York	 25.00 E. Hegstrom, Chicago 25.00 Bishop John Hurst, Baltimore ... . 25.00 Mrs. W . E. Josenberger, Ft. Smith, Ark	 25.00 V. E. Macy. New York 25.00 Thomas S. Perry, Esq., Boston . . 25.00 J. J. Jennings, Austin, Tex 22.00 Miss	 Margaret Fawcus, South Afri ca 15.00 Total 392.00 Miscellaneous Contributions 373.42 Grand Total	 $11,265.71 All unpaid pledges to this fund are immediately payable and the Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People are very anxious to have these items paid at the earliest possible date without requiring the Association to incur the expense of further reminders. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES THE following letter was sent to Hon orable Charles Evans Hughes, September 28, 1916: Sir: As an organization representing the Negro race and thousands of its friends we are deeply interested in the presidential election 16 CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE ANTI-LYNCH ING FUND August 5 to October 5, 1916 Receipts to August 4 previously announced—$7,260.93 BRANCHES— Pittsburgh $170.00 Boston—Proceeds of dances given by Committee of Twenty-seven, Mrs. Butler R. Wilson, chairman. $110.00 Miscellaneous 17.00 Des Moines, IaNorthern California Kansas Citv, Kan Cleveland, Topeka. Kan Muskogee, Okla Toledo, Decatur, St. Paul. Minn Springfield, Louisville, Philadelphia, Pa Wilmington, Del El Paso, Tex Providence, R. Albuquerque, N. Terre Haute, Ind Los Angeles, Cal Columbus, Buffalo, N. Y E. St. Louis,Danville,Gary, IndHarrisburg, PaCincinnati,St. Joseph, Mo Total O O Ill Ill Ky IM O Ill Ill O Lieut.-Col. Charles Young— Tenth Cavalry $208.25 Twenty-fourth Infantry. 392.60 Kansas City. Mo., anti-lynching meetings --Washington, D. C . anti-lynching meetingsNational Association of Colored Women Charleston, S. C , Anti-Lynching Committee, Miss Sadie E. Conyers, Sec'y Oklahoma City, Okla, anti-lynching meetingsBrockton, Mass., contributions— Tames E. Atus, collectorFt. Gibson, Okla., contributions— James D. Evans, collectorMasonic Grand Lodge of KentuckyOhio District Grand Lodge No. 24, G. U. O. of O. F.. Springfield..Okmulgee, Okla., anti-lynching meetingSecond Baptist Church. Mumford, N. YBoley, Okla.. anti-lynching meetingGreat Falls, Mont., contributions— Oscar S. McFarlin. collector...Pennsylvania State Federation of Colored Women's ClubsNortheastern Federation of Colored Women's ClubsBristol, Va., contributions —Wm . H. Brown, collectorTremont Temple Baptist Church, E. St. Louis, Ill Trinity	 A. M. E. Church. Baltimore. Md 127.00 80.00 78.25 76.00 66.70 61.00 61.31 50.00 49.00 41.00 41.00 38.75 36.S3 35.00 34.50 33.00 32.00 31.20 30.00 27.50 27.50 25.00 24.25 23.55 21.00 18.30 15.00 $1,351.64 FROM OTHER COLORED GROUPS— $600. S5  1S5.35 142.75 100.00 84.35 67.50 65.50 57.00 53.00 Credited 50.00 44.00 43.25 42.00 10.50 40.00 32.33 28.10 25.00 Credited 24.50 N. A. A. C. P. During the last campaign, believing firmly that the Republican Party and its leaders had systematically betrayed the interests of colored people, many of our members did .what they could to turn the colored vote toward Mr. Wilson. We received from him a promise of justice and sincere endeavor to forward their interests. We need scarcely to say that Mr. Wilson grievously dis appointed us. We find ourselves again facing a presidential campaign with but indifferent choice. We have waited for some time to gather from your writings and speeches something of your attitude toward the colored people. We have seen little. We are told, of course, in general that you have no race policy and propose to treat all Americans squarely. If Negroes were Americans —if they had a reasonable degree of rights and privileges we could ask no more than this; but being as they are, members of a segregated class and struggling against tremendous prejudices, disabilities and odds, we must for their own salvation and the salvation of our country ask for more than such treatment as is today fair for other races. We must continually demand such positive action as will do away with their disabilities. Lynching is a national evil of which Negroes are the chief victims. It is perhaps the greatest disgrace from which this country suffers, and yet we find you and other men of influence silent in the matter. A republic must be based upon universal suffrage or it is not a republic; and yet, while you seem anxious to do justice toward women, we hear scarcely a word concerning those disfranchised masses of the South whose stolen votes are used to make Rotten Boroughs of a third of the nation and thus distort and ruin the just distribution of political power. Caste restrictions, fatal to Christian civilization and modern conceptions of decency, are slowly, but forcibly, entering this land and making black folk the chief victims. There should be outspoken protest against segregation by race in the civil service, caste in public travel and in other public accommodations. As Negroes and as their friends; as Americans; as persons whose fathers have striven for the good of this land and who ourselves have tried unselfishly to make America the land of just ideals, we write to ask if you do not think it possible to make to the colored and white people of America some statement of your attitude toward this grievous problem such as will allow us at least to vote with intelligence. It seems to us that we have a right to know your attitude toward lynching, disfranchisement, caste and race hatred, and that without this knowledge it will be impossible for us to cast a discriminating vote. We are especially anxious to know how far the possession of a dark face or a drop of Negro blood will in your administration act as a bar to appointment to office and how far the inherited prejudice of many Americans shall veto the rights and civil privileges of others. We trust, Sir, that you will not regard this statement and request as beyond the courtesy due you or as adding too much to the burdens of a public man. We beg to remain, Sir, Very respectfully yours, N ATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. (Signed) J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of the Board of Directors. (Signed) OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer. (Signed) W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, Director of Publications and Research. (Signed) A. H. G RIMKE, President, District of Columbia Branch. No answer has been received to the above letter except a brief acknowledgment from Mr. Hughes' Secretary saying that the letter would be brought to Mr. Hughes' attention. THE ATTITUDE OF CANDIDATES IN accordance with the established custom of the N. A. A. C. P. the following letter has been sent out: TO PROSPECTIVE SENATORS AND CONGRESSMEN: SEPTEMBER 1, 1916. Will you, if elected in November, use the power of your office and vote: (1)—To create an effective sentiment in America against lynching? (2)—Against all forms of race segregation, particularly as they affect the District of Columbia and interstate commerce? THE CRISIS (3)__To secure to colored citizens a proportional share in all the benefits of all Federal . expenditures, including Federal aid to education? (4)—To secure equal opportunities for qualified colored citizens in public office and the public service, including national defense? (5)—For reapportioning seats in Congress in accordance with the voting population in all sections of the country ? (6)—To suppress peonage by the enforcement of Article XIII of the Constitution? (7)—To repeal all statutory recognition of race for residents of the United States? (8)—To secure absolute equality of accommodation in interstate travel for all citizens? The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is asking these questions of each candidate for either branch of Congress. Will you kindly return your answer to reach New York not later than October 1? Your stand on these Negro questions will be published in our organ, the CRISIS, the most widely circulated Negro publication in America; and the information will be furnished to the local colored press of your state. Appreciating the courtesy of an early reply, I am, Very truly yours, J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of the Board- It is yet too early for all answers, but we publish those received. / / your Senator and Congressman are not here please write us and we will send his. answers as soon as received. THOSE WHO ANSWER "RIGHT" STATE PARTY DISTRICT NAME Iowa Socialist 4th Bufkin Iowa Progressive 9th Sizer Iowa Socialist 8th James Kansas Socialist 2nd Stevens Kansas Socialist 3rd Laughlin Kansas Prohibition 4th Greene Kansas Socialist 5th Van Osdol Kansas Prohibition 7th Kershner Kansas Republican 7th Simmons Kansas Republican Sth Wilson -Maine Republican State-at-large Fernald Maine Prohibition Senator Shepherd Michigan Socialist 3rd Rogers Missouri Republican 4th Geiger Missouri Republican 12th Dyer Missouri Republican 13th Rhodes Missouri Democratic 12th Gill Pennsylvania Prohibition State-at-large Rummels Pennsylvania Progressive State-at-large Graham Pennsylvania Socialist State-at-large Prosscr Pennsylvania Socialist State-at-large Baer Pennsylvania Democratic 8th Heacock Pennsylvania Socialist 11th Husted Pennsylvania Democratic 14th Brennan Pennsylvania Socialist 16th Koch Pennsylvania Socialist 18th Steincr Pennsylvania Socialist 20th Dehoff Pennsylvania Republican 20 th McCall Pennsylvania Republican 21st Rowland Pennsylvania Republican 23 rd Hop wood Pennsylvania Prohibition 24th Smith Pennsylvania Socialist 26th Tillotson Pennsylvania Prohibition 28th Rich Pennsylvania Socialist 29th Tursek Pennsylvania Democratic 19th Bailey Pennsylvania Progressive 18th Rupley West Virginia Republican 5th Cooper West Virginia Republican 6th Gobey West Virginia Democratic Senator Chilton Wisconsin Socialist 2nd Bauernfeind Wisconsin Republican 6th Davidson Wisconsin Republican 7th Esch Wisconsin Social Democratic 9th Naumann Wisconsin Socialist Senate Eisner (Continued on page 20.) Men of the Month THREE BISHOPS BISHOP JOSHUA H. JONES was raised to the Bench at the General Conference of 1912. Since then he has been the object of serious attacks which culminated at the General Conference in 1916. The Episcopal Committee of fifty members took up his case. He was charged with "mal-administration, stealing, lying and conduct unbecoming a Christian gentleman." There were more than twenty specific counts. By a vote of 28 to 22 the bishop was "found guilty as charged," although some of the counts were thrown out. Usually the punishment for such a finding is suspension or expulsion; but in this case "the committee made a recommendation for mercy and the General Conference voted that he be reprimanded. He was accordingly reprimanded by the Board of Bishops. T H E last General Conference of the A. M. E. Zion Church elected five bishops: Andrew J. Warner, Lemuel W. Kyles, Robert B. Bruce, George C. Clement and William L. Lee. Bishop Lee was formerly a pastor in Brooklyn, N. Y., but is now stationed at New Orleans and has charge of the Zion churches in Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas. R T. REV. S. D. FERGUSON died recently in Liberia. Bishop Ferguson was born in Charleston, S. C , in 1842. When a little boy his parents took him to Liberia where he was educated in the Mission schools of the Episcopal Church. In 1865 he was ordained to the diaconate at Cape Palmas, to the priesthood at Monrovia in 1866 and consecrated Bishop in 1885 in Grace Church in New York City. He has been Bishop of the Episcopal Church in Liberia for the last thirty-five years and his death removes the only colored member of the House of Bishops of the Episcopal Church. AMENIA WE spoke last month of the remarkable conference at Amenia when men representing all shades of opinion in the Negro race with their white friends sat down and talked it out and found surprisingly few disagreements. We show here a picture of some of the conferees. THREE WHITE FRIENDS THREE white friends of the Negro race have died recently—William Hayes Ward, Seth Low and Miss Martha Schofield. William Hayes Ward was the kind of friend whom THE CRISIS loves to honor. His biography and picture can be found in the March, 1914, issue of THE CRISIS. He stood for the full manhood rights of the Negro and he never wavered or equivocated. SETH LOW, while a sincere and helpful friend, never conceived of the Negro as a complete man. He thought of him as a half-man, a servant, a trained "hand." He believed in industrial schools for Negroes, but not in colleges. He was afraid of thoroughly educated black men. His loss is a loss to the Negro race; but not one comparable to the loss of William Hayes Ward.\ MISS MARTHA SCHOFIELD was born near Newtown in Bucks County, Pa., February 1, 1839, and died in Aiken, S. C , February 1, 1916. Miss Schofield began her labors in 1865 on Wodmalaw Island where 1,500 Negroes who had followed Sherman's army in its march to the sea, had just been landed. With one white woman she set to work to literally clothe the naked and feed the starving. The Freedmen's Bureau built her a small frame house in Aiken, S. C, in 1870, and she founded the Schofield School. At her death this small beginning had grown to be known as the Schofield Normal and Industrial School, comprising two entire city squares, with eight buildings. 19 THE CRISIS JOSHUA H. JONES. S. D. FERGUSON. WILLIAM L. LEE. SOME OF THE AMENIA CONFEREES, JOHN HENRY MURPHY. MISS MARTHA SCHOFIELD. R. R, WRIGHT, JR. MEN OF THE MONTH A BUSINESS MANAGER THE Book Concern of the A. M. E. Church is in financial difficulties. It has a debt of $15,379 and its creditors, especially the paper houses, refused to do further business except on a cash basis. This forced the business manager, Dr. J. I. Lowe, to resign and the business management has been put into the hands of the editor of the Christian Recorder, Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr. Dr. Wright is not only a carefully trained editor, but has before shown his business ability. He will, without doubt, extricate the Book Concern from its unfortunate condition. AN EDITOR JOHN HENRY MURPHY, editor and pub lisher of the Afro American, was born in Baltimore, Md., in 1840. He received his early education in that city and started his business career as a feed and produce dealer; for twelve years he was in the house decorating business. In 1890 he established a printing plant and purchased the Afro American in 1899. Mr. Murphy was sergeant in the Thirtieth Regiment, U. S. Infantry, from March, 1864, to December, 1865. He is a trustee of Provident Hospital and Bethel A. M. E. Church. He organized the first Presiding Elder District Convention in the A. M. E. Church, was its first District Superintendent and has three times been a delegate to the General Conference. He is a 33rd degree Mason, a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Young Men's Christian Association and Past Imperial Potentate, A. E. A. O. N., Mystic Shrine. Mr. Murphy was married to Miss Martha Elizabeth Howard in 1868 and they are the parents of eleven children. (Continued from page 18) WHA T TH E OTHE R CANDIDATE S SA Y UNSATISFACTOR Y STAT E NAM E PART Y DISTRICT ANSWE R IN REGAR D TO Iowa Kansas Kansas Kansas Kansas Kansas Michigan North Dakota North Dakota Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Pennsylvania VVisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin Missouri Arizona Iowa Whitenack Anthony Richardson Chapman Harger Kershner Burris Young McDonald McGrew Crago Cunningham Ream Kincaid Hill Clifford Konop Sutherland Meeker Chandler Hughes Socialist Republican 1st Socialist 1st Prohibition 3rd Republican 5th Prohibition 8th Democratic 7th Republican 2nd Democratic 2nd Prohibition At-large Republican At-large Socialist 22 nd Socialist 23rd Progressive &amp; Repub lican 26th Prohibition Senate Prohibition 7th Democratic 9th Democratic 10th Republican 10th Socialist 1st Socialist 10th Race segregation Interstate travel Not specific Interstate travel Segregation Segregation Travelling accommodations Segregation, reapportionment, travelling accommodations Segregation and reapportion ment Not specific Segregation, reapportion ment, travelling accommo dations Reapportionment Statutory recognition of race Not specific Not specific Statutory recognition of race Interstate travel Statutory recognition of race Federal aid Segregation Not specific Interstate travel Not specific We call particular attention to these answers of candidates for United States Senator and Representative. Every Negro voter should know where his candidate stands on vital matters effecting the colored man's status. If your candidate has NOT answered write him and write us. If he has answered WRONG or INDEFINITELY vote against him. If he has answered RIGHT vote for him whether he be labelled Republican, Democrat, Socialist or Prohibitionist! Here lies our only political and social salvation. The Looking Glass LITERATURE RABINDRANATH TAGORE in the In dependent: "On the seashores of the West The funeral pyres are emitting The last flames Caught from the torch of a selfish and de cadent Civilization. Perhaps the all-embracing rays Of Thy light of joy Are lying hidden on Eastern shores With patience Under the veil of humility In the darkness of silent sorrow." John Murray, of London, has published "A History of the Gold Coast and Ashanti," by W. Walton Claridge. It is an explanation of the methods of the British in tropical colonization. Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston, Mass., have published "The French Revolution in San Domingo," by T. Lothrop Stoddard. It is a conservative, if not reactionary view. An excellent little pamphlet is made of the papers read at the 19th annual meeting of the American Negro Academy, Washington, D. C. The papers on the "Sex Question and Race Segregation," by the Hon. Archibald H. Grimke, President, and on the "Status of the Free Negro Prior to 1860," by L. M. Hershaw, are especially noteworthy. Mr. Grimke says: "One cannot keep down a feeling of pity for a large class of women in the South who cannot meet in street, or store, or car, a well-dressed and comely colored girl without experiencing a pang of suspicion, a spasm of fear. For there arises unbidden, unavoidably, in the minds of such women, the ugly question, whose daughter is she, and whose mistress is she to be? . . . "A hostility, deep-seated and passionate as that which proceeds from white women as a class toward black women as a class, shoots beyond the mark and attacks indiscriminately all colored women without regard to character, without regard to standing or respectability. It is enough that they belong to the black race; ergo, they are bad, ergo, they are dangerous. All this bitter hatred of the women of one race by the women of the other race has borne bitter fruit in the South in merciless class distinctions, in hard and fast caste-lines, designed to limit contact of the races there to the single point where they come together as superior and inferior." The Armstrong Association of Philadelphia, Pa., has published an interesting "Study of Living Conditions Among Colored People in Suburban Towns About Philadelphia." It found among other things 1,895 home owners. ESCAPING SLAVES THE Macon, Ga., Telegraph, which next to the Charleston News and Courier is the funniest paper in the South when writing on the Negro problem, emits this wild, leading editorial on the Negro emigrant : "Police officers, county or city, all over the State, all over the South, should be bending every effort to apprehend and jail the labor agents now operating everywhere about us to take the best of our Negroes North to fill the rapidly widening labor breach there. This invasion of the South for Negroes isn't just a temporary raiding of our labor market, but is part of a wellthought-out and skillfully executed plan to rifle the entire South of its well-behaved, able-bodied Negro labor. Unskilled labor is at a high premium in the United States just now, a premium that will increase rather than be withdrawn. . . . "There are those who say they'll come back quickly enough. But that isn't true. Ellis Island will not clear labor into this country again for at least one full generation, possibly two. . . . "We must have the Negro in the South. The black man is fitted by nature, by centuries of living in it to work contentedly, effectively and healthily during the long summers of semi-tropical and tropical countries. He has been with us so long that our whole industrial, commercial and agricultural structure has been built on a black foundation. It is the only labor we have; it is the best we possibly could have—if we lose it, we go bankrupt! "Everybody seems to be asleep about what 22 THE LOOKING GLASS is going on right under our noses. That is, everybody but those farmers who have wakened up of morning's recently to find every male Negro over 21 on his place gone—to Cleveland, to Pittsburgh, to Chicago, to Indianapolis. Better jobs, better treatment, higher pay—the bait held out is being swallowed by thousands of them all about us. And while our very solvency is being sucked out from underneath we go about our affairs as usual: our police officers raid poolrooms for 'loafing Negroes,' bring in twelve, keep them in the barracks all night and next morning find that ten of them have steady, regular jobs, were there merely to spend an hour in the only indoor recreation they have; our county officers hear of a disturbance at a Negro resort and bring in fifty-odd men, women and boys and girls to spend the night in the jail, to make bond at ten per cent, to hire lawyers, to mortgage half of two months' wages to get back on their jobs Monday morning—although but a bare half dozen could have been guilty of the disorderly conduct. It was the week following that several Macon employers found good Negroes, men trained to their work, secure and respected in their jobs, valuable assets to their white employers, suddenly left and gone to Cleveland, 'where they don't arrest fifty niggers for what three of 'em done.' Many of these men who left haven't been replaced except with those it will take years to train to do their work as well as they did it—but at as high a cost from the start. "It is the most pressing thing before this State today. Matters of governorships and judgeships are only bagatelle compared to the real importance of this Negro exodus going on from Georgia. There is a little lull now with winter coming on, but the spring will see it set in its full volume unless something is done at once to stop it." The Montgomery, Ala., Advertiser takes up the same wail with a remarkable admission at the end: "When the farmer who depends upon Negro labor goes to put in his crop next spring he will see that he is face to face with an ugly situation if he has been unable to keep Negroes on his place. The farmers of the Black Belt of Alabama cannot get on without Negro labor. Theoretically it is a fine thing to say that we will substitute white labor from abroad or from somewhere else. But where is that labor? It is not here. It is not to be found in the North and West for those sections are now suffering from labor shortages; that's why Negro laborers are leaving. "And the Negro will not come back once he leaves the South." Yet the masses of the South show little comprehension of the real meaning of this movement. The Birmingham, Ala., Ledger, for instance, waves a lordly hand: "The sensible Negro will stay at home and take advantage here of the prosperity that is coming and the wise city authorities, who find Northern labor agents at work, will do a good thing to send them back North on the first train." To be more specific: the Birmingham, Ala., News preaching of sanitation among Negroes says: "These leaders of the Negroes can do a great personal service to themselves and to the community at large if they would em phasize upon the people of their race the supreme necessity of proper garbage and sewage disposal." What in the name of common sense can poor, disfranchised laborers do in the matter of sewer and garbage disposal in a city like Birmingham? Only one thing, as we see it, and that is leave. Another matter has been mentioned several times by the Miami, Fla., Daily Metropolis: "Many a hard working Negro, ignorant of business and afraid of the white man, has been dealt with most dishonorably by Miami dealers of a certain class. And it is time that honorable white men take a hand in protecting them against the extortionist seller of installment plan goods. "In one instance, of which we have knowl edge, a Negro woman paid $57 for a bed room suite worth not more than $25 and then she almost lost her money and the furniture because the dealer claimed she still owed $3!" No wonder Northern papers like the Du luth News Tribune are smiling: "If the South wants to keep all of its Ne gro labor and not share it liberally it will have to offer equal inducements in wages, living conditions and opportunity and a fuller measure of equality in treatment. If, on the other hand, it really wants to get rid of the Negro and substitute white labor, now is its chance." Meantime colored papers are talking out. The Southwestern Christian Advocate says: 24 THE "Let us for a moment be frank with each other; the Negro at heart loves the South, its activities, its sunshine, its climate, but he is very much dissatisfied with the treatment that he otherwise receives. His families do not receive proper protection at the hands of constitutional authorities nor at the bar of public opinion. There are not proper facilities for the education of his children; there is not a congenial atmosphere for the development of self-respect and of racial contentment. We are disfranchised; we are hedged about and we are lynched without redress. Even a worm sometimes will recoil and a half dead hound will resent constant mistreatment. Is it any surprise, therefore, that in spite of all the Negro's natural inclination to Southern climate he so eagerly seizes an opportunity to go elsewhere?" So, too, S. N. Jefferson, writing to a white Pensacola, Fla., paper says: " 'It is probable that "the well informed Negro" who told the Birmingham editor that it was good schools that was drawing the Negro could have given other and more potent reasons had he been so minded. He could have told how deep down in the Negro's heart he has no love for proscription, segregation, lynchings, the petty persecution and cruelties practiced against him, nor for the arresting of "fifty niggers for what three of 'em done," even if it does take all of this to uphold the "scheme of civilization." ' " In San Francisco, where the unions have persistently refused to admit colored laborers, 250 Negroes are being used as strike breakers in a stevedore strike. A local colored paper says: "There is no reason why the stevedores' union should not have had colored men in it as well as all the trades unions. They are men. They are here. They have the brain and brawn. Why not give them a chance? When will these unions turn from the error of their ways? There was a lively discussion in one of our local labor union's meetings this week with regards to the Negro strike-breakers at present in San Francisco. One indignant speaker remarked that the colored men did not hope to do that work; that they were only working for meanness, whereat a colored member arose to explain a few points, informing the council of this well-known opposition to the black man as CRISIS a laborer. Yes, possibly the union man had forgot." There is some, though slight, evidence that the South is learning something from the migration of its laborers. The New Orleans, La., Times Picayune writes: "The chances are that the Negro exodus, or drift, is likely to increase unless some better effort is made to check such of this emigration as would be prevented by legislating against those labor agents who deceive and hold out false pretences to seduce labor; or unless the conditions of the Negroes be improved in those sections where they are dissatisfied. It is well to remember there is now a formidable competition for Negro labor in the North without thought to the political or economic results that may follow." A correspondent in the Birmingham, Ala., News adds: "But taking it all in all, if the really strong men who, in fact, rule our Southern communities, would actively exert themselves in the interest of common fairness where the Negro is concerned no labor agents or other influence could ever succeed in any effort to take the Negro away from the South." MOB MURDER IT is in the unconscious, every day attitude * of the South that one sees absolute in sensibility to the real meaning of lynching. The Columbia, Tenn., Herald says: "The bodies of two Negroes, Wiley Tidwell and Manuel Carter, who were lynched at Hohenwald early Thursday morning for the killing of Bud Burns at the Gordonsburg mines Friday night, last, were quietly interred today. . . . "The excitement incidental to the lynching has almost subsided at Gordonsburg and Hohenwald. Since the mob that killed the Negroes were masked no one knows who composed it and no effort is being made to arrest the members. Sheriff O. C. Christian, from whom the keys to the jail were taken at the point of a pistol, was unhurt by the mob and has resumed the duties incidental to his position. It is said that nothing will be done about the lynching. . . . "Officers of the law in both Lewis and Maury Counties" have not abated their search for the [third] Negro. Although no strong hope is held out for his immediate capture the officers hope to get him finally." THE LOOKING GLASS What can be more illuminating than the above, or explain more readily, the questions raised in this editorial in the New York Evening Post: "Of the character of Hugh M. Dorsey, who has defeated Gov. Harris for the nomination for Governor in Georgia, we have the evidence that the most reputable newspapers in the State refused to support him or opposed him, that Tom Watson and the unspeakable sheet that was thought to have done so much to obtain the lynching of Frank were behind him and that Dorsey himself tried to exploit anti-Semitic prejudice to assist his campaign. We know that he was flatly opposed to the commutation of sentence that Frank received from Ex-Gov. Slaton and that his prosecution of Frank approached the vindictive—it being testified by certain of the witnesses that agents Dorsey had employed to gather evidence had induced them to perjure themselves. One sentence alone from Dorsey's recent open letter ought to have caused fair-minded men to vote against him: his assertion that the attitude of the Jewish race in the Frank case and in every criminal case in which a Hebrew is the defendant has demonstrated the fact that the successful prosecution of a Hebrew is regarded by the members of that race as persecution. There were complicating issues, notably Prohibition, while Harris has made none too good a Governor. But it is impossible to escape the impression that the character of the prosecution of Frank was offered for endorsement and was endorsed by those elements which rejoiced over his lynching." The Columbus, O., Citizen says: "If this is to be accepted, as is asserted in Georgia as an endorsement of the Frank lynching, Georgia is still in need of a moral disinfectant." We cannot refrain from quoting this lovely bit from a colored paper, the Louisville, Ky., News, half truth and half satire: "Last week at Erwin, Tenn., a circus elephant was hanged to a derrick for killing her keeper. The animal could have been given an instantaneous and painless death by shooting it, or the desired result could have been brought about by other methods certainly more humane than by the slow process of strangulation. Why, then, was it necessary to hang the elephant? To those uninitiated in the mysteries of mob-fever the answer is a bit puzzling; we, however, hazard the following explanation: "The owner of the circus knew that a lynching has a morbid fascination for a Southern audience. . . . "After the men, women and children had thoroughly enjoyed themselves watching the dying convulsions of the mammal he was cut down and then came the usual rush for souvenirs. "Now there chanced to be among the audience a man in whose veins flowed the purest blood of the South and who could trace his ancestry in a straight line back to the Pilgrim fathers. He had come expecting to see a Negro lynched and, arriving late, was horrified to discover that they were lynching a respectable elephant. When the rush came for souvenirs his rich, blue blood fairly boiled with indignation. He rushed forward and faced the eager crowd with flashing eyes. " 'For shame, for shame, men and women of Tennessee,' he cried: 'Have you forgotten the strong and tender cords which bind you so inseparably to the South of Clay and Jefferson? Do you choose to forget that here is the cradle of American culture, the home of gallant men and saintly women? I beseech you in the name of all this not to sully your own fair names and drag the name of our proud State in the quagmire of shame and dishonor by rudely dissecting this erring quadruped as you would a common Negro.' "His voice broke. Strong sobs shook his robust frame, but his eloquence had won the day. He had touched the tender hearts of his audience and the elephant went back to mother earth in one piece." DODGING CHRIST WE have a dim recollection of the words of a certain eminent Christian of years gone by who believed in Christian unity to an extent that took no account of "Jew or Gentile, Barbarian, Scythian, Bond nor Free"; but the Episcopal Church knows better. In a labored report of seven long columns one paragraph says: "It is a question for earnest consideration whether, under normal conditions, the ideal of the Church is not more truly expressed by the analogy which seemed so natural to St. Paul, of the family. It would seem at least appropriately conformable to God's natural creation that the racial family should be completed religiously and ecclesi THE CRISIS astically by the full organization of teachers and pastors and fathers in God. The oneness in Christ Jesus surely is not expected to obliterate racial distinctness any more than sex differences. And since this consummation is longed for in Asia and accomplished in one little piece of Africa, why should it be less desired in the Africa or Asia of our American life? . . . "There will be removed from this family the irritations of a conglomerate membership, with its attendant insolvable questions of administration, which so naturally arise from the differences of race." What is it that has raised this problem? The white Episcopal bishops have practically refused to be bishops of black folk. Thus we have a anomalous condition as one colored clergyman shows: Two NEGRO GROUPS The Province of Washington—30 clergy and 7,000 communicants. The Province of Sewanee—66 clergy and 7,000 communicants. WHITE MISSIONARY DISTRICTS Porto Rico—8 clergy and 600 communicants, a bishop. Nevada—8 clergy and 1,000 communicants, a bishop. North Texas—8 clergy and 1,000 communicants, a bishop. Philippine Islands—10 clergy and 1,200 communicants, a bishop. Eastern Oregon—8 clergy and 1,500 com municants, a bishop. Brazil—17 clergy and 1,300 communicants, a bishop. Salina—14 clergy and 1,600 communicants, a bishop. Cuba—22 clergy and 1,700 communicants, a bishop. Oklahoma—17 clergy and 2,000 communicants, a bishop. Eastern Oklahoma—12 clergy and 1,800 communicants, a bishop. Thus, we have, for the two Negro bishop-less provinces, a total of 96 clergy and 14,000 communicants. Leaving out Brazil, for the nine combined missionary districts for white people, we have a total of 99 clergy and 11,800 communicants, with 9 bishops. The clergyman continues: " A story is told of a man who rode up to the polls on a mule to vote. He could not vote unless he had some visible property. In course of time he was compelled to sell his beast. Upon going on foot to the polls and offering to vote, it was inquired, 'Where is the mule?' To which he replied that he had sold him. The reply came back, 'You can't vote here.' The outraged man made answer: 'Who is doing the voting, me or the mule?' And, we would like to inquire, to whom does the Church send the Episcopate, to rivers, mountains and lakes, or to human beings? If to human beings then it is just as necessary to send it to people who are systematically treated as 'a race apart,' in this country, as it is to send it to Liberia, or Dahomey. "Plain, every-day honesty demands one of two courses. Let the Church see to it that the 'color line' is absolutely and entirely ignored; or else grant the request." Bishop Nelson, the arrogant Prelate of Atlanta, would be more than willing to push the Negroes bodily out of the Church: "To end this wearisome debate and to give a whole race that which it asks for, let a joint commission of the two Houses of the General Convention be appointed to look out and recommend three Negro priests, citizens of the United States, men of good report and sound learning; prepare a definite concordat and terms of communion, and ask that these men be consecrated as bishops in the Church of God for the Negro race; outline their jurisdictions (e.g., East, South, and West) ; establish and set on its way, with every token of good will and with every assistance, spiritual and physical, which we can afford, an autonomous Negro Episcopal Church in and for the United States of America. "This, I submit, is a reasonable and effective substitute for all the make-shifts, and for this latest, the most injurious and dangerous plan ever invented to breed dissension, to disrupt organizations which have cost us so dearly, to derange the polity of the Church, to withdraw sympathy, to multiply antagonistic influences—the Negro Missionary District at Large." Bishop Greer, of New York, dissents: "It is quite true that the spiritual care of 10,000,000 Negroes, most of whom are in the South, represents a great problem and they are entitled to bishops of their own race, yet it would be much better to have such bishops under the direct control of the head of the diocese. They should be suffragan bishops. "These suffragan bishops should have a vote in the House of Bishops. At the pres THE LOOKING GLASS ent time suffragans have a seat in the House of Bishops but no vote." Meantime the Columbia State shows what Christianity is doing for South Carolina: "Homicide is a disease of the people. In South Carolina 300 or 400 or more die from its ravages every year. Whether punished by law or not, the manslayer and his family suffer scarcely less than the slain and his family. "Since 1906, ten years, 4,000 or 5,000 men have died by violence in South Carolina. In ten years more South Carolinians have been shot to death or otherwise slaughtered by South Carolinians than were killed in one of the great battles of the War of Secession. The woe of a killing in private brawl is infinitely greater than the woe of slaughter in battle. Slayer and slain and those dear to them equally suffer." Winifred James writes about Christianity in Panama: "As for the unmarried men, they, a few of them, play bridge or poker occasionally, but their chief pleasure seems to lie in drinking round the bars of the town and exalting, for periods short or long, the col ored ladies above their wash-tubs." "LIES AGREED UPON'' THE definition of history as "Lies Agreed Upon" is finding fresh exem plification in Tom Dixon's effort to exalt the "Ku Klux Klan." By his melodramatic- novels, then by a play and finally by a mov ing picture he proposes to make this genera tion believe that the Ku Klux gang were pure-hearted crusaders instead of the cut throats and rascals that they really were. This is too much even for a Southern paper like the Charlotte, N. C , Observer: "An equestrian statute of 'The Little Colonel' in Confederate uniform would prove an adornment to Cleveland County's Court House lawn of unquestionable ac ceptance. Colonel McAfee organized the Ku Klux Klan in Shelby and Mr. Dixon would perpetuate this event by shrouding the bronze image of the Colonel in the uniform of the Klan. It would be hard to conceive of a statue more grotesquely treated. The events which a statue thus designed would be intended to perpetuate are but little understood by people other than our own and never will be. It is history that belongs to the past, that should be of record and stored in the archives as a sealed book. The erection of a statue of the class proposed would impose upon the people of this and succeeding generations the duty of perpetual explanation and defense, a duty that might become irksome with the passing of the years and that might in the end be repudiated. We should think 'The Little Colonel,' himself, would choose, if the privilege could be granted him, to be memorialized as a Confederate officer, in which role for all ages there would be none to give his name other than acclaim. In the writing of books Mr. Dixon had no responsibility to consider other than the pocket of the people; but in the erection of the character of a memorial which he has proposed there devolves upon him the greater responsibility of consulting public sentiment." Can we not from this easily see "why Ne groes have no history" according to white folk? Fifty years of lying writers could easily prove that Abraham Lincoln was never born. Speaking of Abraham Lincoln reminds us of an excellent editorial in the Elizabeth City, N. C , Independent: "The harmless fiction on which history has been written since the art of writing has been practiced, was reinforced and re emphasized and possibly finally and irre vocably worked into the record as it will go down to posterity, at Hodgenville, Ky., last Monday, when the United States Gov ernment took over the legal title to 110 acres of land and the cabin on it, which we are assured was the birthplace of Abraham Lin coln. In the generations yet to come, prob ably, it will be found and proved by his torical records that the origin of the mar tyred President was another case of immac ulate conception. And millions of people, particularly descendants of the slaves freed by the great President's emancipation pro clamation, will believe it, and there will be much wrangling and argument over the pos sibility and impossibility of such a thing. "The simple truth about the origin and birth of Abraham Lincoln makes a more beautiful, a more romantic, and a more easily understood story than the evasive and untrue one that has been given and accepted and written into history. He was born in North Carolina and not in Kentucky; his mother was Nancy Hanks; neither his mother nor himself ever saw Kentucky or Thomas Lincoln, until the infant Abraham was two years old. The marriage of Lincoln and Nancy Hanks was one purely of ex pediency that an unfortuante young woman and her child might find a home." The Horizon MUSIC AND ART H. T. BURLEIGH'S "The Three Shad ows," his latest published song, was heard for the first time at the Knights of Columbus' concert held in Boston, Mass., October 1. The song was sung by the celebrated Irish tenor, John McCormack, who had an audience of over 3,000 persons. Musical America of September 2 says: "Mr. Burleigh has written a tone-poem for voice and piano in setting Rupert Brooke's "The Soldier." The thematic material is distinguished; the development masterly. It rises in more than one place to the symphonic with those broad lines on which Mr. Burleigh now creates his music. It is a song that should win new laurels for H. T. Burleigh, for it stands high in his list, adding to his already notable contribution a big inspired composition executed with mastery and created with human understanding." A setting of Paul Laurence Dunbar's "Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust," under title of "Mortality," has been made by Gabriel L. Hines. The song has been effectively sung by Charles Granville, an American baritone, on a recent Chautauqua tour. On October 5, at Bethel Church, Chicago, Illinois, a very successful "home-coming" recital was given by the Defender with Mme. Anita Patti Brown, soprano, as the honored artist. Assisting talent was represented by Harrison Ferrell, Jr., violinist; Charles N . O'Jon, a South American pianist; Estella Majors and Theodore Taylor, accompanists. An added feature was a short address on Brazil by the Brazilian Consul, Hon. Stuart Alexander. Mr. W. Adams of Washington, D . C , has opened a Conservatory of Music in that city with three foreign and sixteen native instructors. A very successful Music Festival was held at Birmingham, Ala., under the auspices of the Y. W. C A. The director was Carl R. Diton, pianist-composer. Mr. Diton is to be heard in the East in a series of piano recitals. Sidney Woodward, tenor, of Atlanta, Ga., was heard in a song recital on October 9 at Ebenezer Baptist Church, Boston, Mass. "Jeptha and His Daughter," a dramatic cantata in three acts, has been rendered by the young people of Florence and Sumter, S. C Ernest H. Hays, organist, and Wesley Howard, violinist, who graduated from the New England Conservatory of Music in the class of 1916, have returned for special study. They will be engaged in concert work this winter. Miss Mable Raimey of Milwaukee, Wis., the first graduate of the first summer school of the Normal Vocal Institute, Chicago, Ill., was given full two years credit by an examining board of five members at the College of Music of the University of Wisconsin. The Folk Song Chorus of the Normal Vocal Institute recently appeared with great success to a crowded house at the gymnasium of the William Beye School, Oak Park, Ill. Mrs. E. Azalia Hackley, who appeared at the High School and First Methodist Church of Harvey, Ill., for the benefit of the Amanda Smith Home recently, is now engaged in community vocal work in the vicinity of Philadelphia. She will be engaged in this service and Folk Song Festivals until May. L. H. Caldwell, a graduate of the Crouse College of Fine Arts, Syracuse University, has opened a piano studio in that city. Nearly 2,000 people attended the Negro semi-centennial, September 16, at the Coliseum in St. Louis, Mo. The Fisk Jubilee Singers took an important part in the program. Verdi's "Traviata" and the "Last Rose of Summer," by Anita Patti Brown, and a tabloid production of "Julius Caesar" under the direction of Richard B. Harrison were other features. The Washington, D. C , Conservatory of Music, under the direction of Mrs. H. G. Marshall, opened for this season's work September 25. The DuBois Dramatic Club, Omaha, Neb., recently presented "The Starry Flag" at the Boyd Theatre for the benefit of St. John's A. M. E. Church. Mrs. W. T. Osborne is manager of this organization. The work of five colored students of Miss Best's class in the Art Department of the Los Angeles, Cal., High School, was the only work of High School students selected for exhibition by the Government of the Republic of Panama. An interesting concert was given at Roanoke, Va., at the church of the Rev. E. E. Ricks, where the colored and white choirs THE united in the program. This city is about to build a colored theatre to seat 1,000 persons and to be known as "The Hampton." An art exhibit was held by the colored Y. M. C. A. at Huntsville, Ala. INDUSTRY COLORED girls have replaced white girls in the sausage room of the Armour Company in St. Lous, Mo. The white girls went on a strike and the colored girls, who were scrub women, were promoted. The Tennessee Colored Fair was held at Nashville with a large attendance. Frank R. Willis won first prize for the heaviest cornish chicken among 2,800 fowls on exhibition at the Kentucky State Fair. Governor Craig of North Carolina was one of the speakers at the Negro State Fair held at Raleigh. The Colored Tri-State Fair was held at Memphis, Tenn., in September. It had one of the largest demonstrations of domestic science ever attempted. Negro folk songs were sung daily by a chorus of five hundred. Deerfield, the Negro farm colony in Colorado, has held its second annual Fair. The first annual Fair of the Oklahoma colored people was attended by large num bers. Louisville, where colored people own over $2,000,000 worth of property, has not a single colored employee in the City or County Government according to the Louisville News. The colored hod carriers and building laborers have been organized into unions in Dallas, Tex. They expect over 1,000 members. It is doubtful, however, if the Central Labor Council would seat a Negro delegate. The largest grain elevator in the world is being erected at Girard Point, Philadelphia. Twenty-five hundred Negro laborers are being employed. Negro moulders have been employed at the Pequonnock Foundry, Bridgeport, Conn., in place of striking whites. The white Moulders Union has always refused to admit Negroes. A meeting has been held in Philadelphia to secure colored girls as operators in the mills of the Powell Knitting Company. Two hundred are asked for. Philadelphia is among the first of the Northern cities to make special arrangements for receiving and working among the HORIZON new Negro workmen who are emigrating from the South. The Local Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. has begun active work through its Vigilance Committee. Atlas Skipper, while digging mussels in Black River, Ark., found a 30-grain pearl which he sold for $000. EDUCATION THE Appellate Court of Kentucky has decided that the railroad tax collected in school districts must be divided between white and colored pupils according to number. The whites were trying to get the whole of it. An Educational Agricultural Congress was held at Shorter College, Ark. During the year 1914, 115 white High Schools were accredited in the State of Virginia and no colored schools. There are in this State today over 600 white High Schools and only 5 colored High Schools. The State Department of Wilberforce University has contracted for two new buildings at a cost of nearly $100,000. One building is to be for recitations and the other a gymnasium. The University Department of Wilberforce, which belongs to the A. M. E. Church, is seeking to raise $50,000 for general purposes. Interested persons should write to Chaplain T. G. Steward. In one county of South Carolina there were during 1915-16 3,348 white pupils in 63 schools with 123 teachers; 5,398 colored pupils with 84 teachers. The white schools cost $52,846 or $15.75 per capita; the colored schools cost $6,753 or $1.25 per capita. The Rev. E. A. White of Cleveland, O., a colored man, has been selected as President of Walden University, Nashville, Tenn. One of the best colored schools in the State of Oklahoma is the L'Ouverture High and Grammar School at McAlester. It is a twelve-room building of brick and stone in the center of a block 400 by 270 feet. It has electric light, steam heat, laboratories, water and sewer connections and the school site has been made especially beautiful. The High School Department was established by J. W. Pettus, the present Principal, and has a full four years' course. There are 160 colored Catholic Schools in the country attended by 16,000 children. One University, St. Xaxier, has been established at New Orleans, La. Orangeburg County, S. C , has 193 white THE CRISIS teachers who are paid $77,594 and 130 colored teachers who are paid $13,531 for the year. In the white schools each male teacher averaged $646 and each female teacher $355 a year. In the Negro schools the averages were $166 for men and $83 for women! There were 5,926 white children in school and 8,415 colored children. The average length of the white school term was 140 days and the colored school 70 days. The per capita expenditure for white pupils was $21.10 and for Negroes $1.27. Each white teacher enrolled 31 pupils and each colored teacher 84! Here is Justice for you! Biddle University, Charlotte, N. C , has 70 acres of land and 14 buildings worth $225,000. Paul Quinn College, Waco, Tex., has re cently been reorganized. J. K. Williams is President. York County, S. C, has 5,983 white pu pils and 7,177 colored pupils. The white pupils cost $13.25 per capita and the Negro pupils $1.22. The average annual salaries were $565 for white men and $120 for col ored men; white women $338, colored wo men $60! John M. McPherson, a colored U. S. Agent for the Agricultural Department at Washington, has founded a new school in Randolph County, Ala., which will open with two teachers this fall. Nearly 1,200 pupils enrolled at the open ing of the new Dunbar Colored High School, Washington, D. C. Bishop Carter of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church has raised more than $13,000 for Negro education in Texas. The Cuyler Street Public School of Sa vannah, Ga., is urging each of its 1,000 pupils to deposit $1.00 in the School Fund on the first school day. The Chamberlain High School will take the place of Leland University, New Or leans, which was damaged by storm last September. The present school is under the Louisiana Baptist Association and other col ored organizations. Charles H. Moore, a colored man, is State Inspector of Negro Schools in North Carolina. His salary is raised by the col ored people; but he has succeeded in adding over $50,000 to the rural school appropria tions this year. By the will of the late Seth Low Tuske gee Institute will eventually receive $50,000. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE 9th U. S. Cavalry has celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of its entrance into service. The regiment is now in the Philippines. Chaplain L. A. Carter was the prime mover in this celebration. The 8th Illinois Regiment, composed of colored troops, which has been on the Texas border since June 30 has been ordered home. The 15th Infantry, the first colored regiment of the reorganized National Guard of New York, has been officially received into the organization and reviewed. It has white and colored officers. Canada is seeking to recruit a battalion of Negroes at Windsor. Dr. J. E. Spingarn, Chairman of the Board of Directors, N. A. A. C. P., suggests that while we are fighting discrimination of all sorts in the United States Army it would be well to take advantage of the offer of General Wood to establish an instruction camp for colored officers next summer. Persons interested in such a project should communicate with Dr. Spingarn at this office. H. F. Worley, a white man, has been named as General Receiver of Customs for the Republic of Liberia to succeed R. P. Clarke, who has resigned. Worley receives $5,000 a year with transportation, etc. During the last five-year period there has been a greater reduction in mortality among colored people of New York City than among white people as compared with the previous five-year period. The colored people of Panama have been successful in keeping the "Birth of a Nation" out of the public theatres; but the Y. M. C. A. is proposing to present it privately to "white people only." Mrs. Georgia A. Robinson has been ap pointed to the police force by the Chief of Police of Los Angeles and is the first col ored woman in the country to hold this posi tion. Dr. D. W. Byrd, of Norfolk, Va., has been elected President of the National Med ical Association and Dr. F. F. Bishop, Pitts burgh, Pa., Editor of the Medical Journal. Miss Belvar Caution-Overton of West Medford, Mass., has been appointed Head Surgical Nurse at the Provident Hospital, Chicago. Chaplain O. J. W. Scott has been transferred from the 25th Infantry to the 10th U. S. Cavalry. THE HORIZON The colored branches of the Louisville Free Public Library issued during the year 1916 the extraordinary total of 105,181 volumes and held 490 meetings. Adam Manuel of the Creek Nation, Okla., recently died leaving five children. Luther Manuel, one of his sons, is believed to be the richest Negro boy in the world. The Manuel land was supposed to be worthless for farming purposes; but it proved to be in the heart of an oil field and Luther Manuel now has an income of $50,000 a month. Dr. George Montgomery Herriot recently took the examination in pharmacy for the Indiana State Board and stood at the top of all his white competitors. He is a graduate of Howard University. The Savannah Saving and Real Estate Corporation, in Georgia, handled in the first eight months of its existence $220,000. It received on deposit $76,000 within the same time. Walter S. Scott is President. Plans have been drafted for a Colored Department at Memorial Hospital, Richmond, Va. This will be the first of a group to cost $100,000; in addition $25,000 will be spent in equipment. There will be 148 beds and a nurse training school. Underwood and Underwood. MESSES. BURLEIGH, MOTON AND JOHNSON AT THE SETH LOW FUNERAL. The Pythians are about to buy the building formerly occupied by the Prudential Savings Bank in Birmingham, Ala. The first municipal roller skating races were held by the city of Cleveland September 30, 1916. There were so many entries that the boys raced in relays. Harrison McKoin Smith, a colored boy, won every heat in every race. He was thus entitled to five first prizes consisting of gold and silver medals. On last Labor Day Smith entered the races at Oberlin, O., winning the 100yard dash, the 75-yard dash and the three-legged race in company with another boy. For these he received a gold watch and other prizes. Smith is only 15 years of age. Arthur Scurlock and McKinley Emanuel, two young colored men of Chicago, have gone to South America; the one to open an electrical supply house and the other to manage a branch of a chiropody company. Bud Wicks, a ten-year-old colored boy of Woodbury, N. J., saved the life of a twelve-year-old white boy who had fallen into the water. HARRISON McKOIN SMITH. THE CRISIS The Whittier Center of Philadelphia has incorporated the Whittier Center Housing Company and purchased a plot of ground where they are erecting model tenements for colored people. J. Washington has purchased two large brick buildings in the business center of Marlin, Tex. A picture show and undertaking establishment will be among the enterprises installed. Thomas E. Taylor, for eleven years Sec retary of the colored Y. M. C. A. at Indian apolis, Ind., succeeds James L. Jamison as Secretary of the Branch in New York City. Miss H. B. Green won a gold medal in the W. C. T. U. oratorical contest at West Newton, Pa. The colored people of Oklahoma have succeeded in getting their reformatory for Negro boys on foot. They have a modern stone building two stories high at McAles ter. The school room will seat 100 pupils and covers eight grades. Books are desired for the library. Benjamin Braxton has been made Pro bation Officer for colored boys in Norfolk, Va. Mr. George W. Carver of Tuskegee In stitute has been made a member of the Ad visory Board of the New National Agricul tural Society. Lenox Community Center at P. S. 89, in New York City, had an unusually prosper ous year. Nearly $2,000 was taken in from various activities, most of which was spent for the development of its work. This is one of the best community centers in the city. St. Angelo, Tex., is interested in a col ored child prodigy, John Pippin, a ten-year old boy who has never been to school and yet reads difficult matter and has an ex traordinary sense of hearing. The National League on Urban Condi tions Among Negroes has issued its annual report. It expended nearly $25,000 during the year ending September 30, 1915. At	 the annual police field meet held in September in Cleveland, O., J. W. Findley, colored, won the 100 yards dash for Boy Scouts. In	 the Western Tennis Tournament held by	 the Prairie Tennis Club, Chicago, Ill., Chester Booth and J. H. Stamps won in doubles and Dr. Cromwell in singles. Mercy Hospital, Philadelphia, is planning to erect a $150,000 building. Among the life guards at Atlantic City, N. J., are three colored men: P. Turner, L. Byrd and J. Wighte. Professor J. E. K. Aggrey studied soci ology at the Summer School at Columbia University and was written up in the Sum mer School Annual. He has been recently elected a Fellow of the Royal Anthropologi cal	 Institute of Great Britain. A	 Community House for Colored People has been established at York, Pa. A com mittee of colored and white citizens have it in	 charge. Arthur Rhone has just been granted a Carnegie Hero Medal for rescuing a white woman and her little boy at Long Branch, N.	 J. John H. Woodson, the only Negro fire man in Brooklyn, has won distinction for daring rescues at a recent fire. The colored women of the State of Iowa are raising a fund of $500 with which to commission Henry O. Tanner, the artist, to paint a picture of the late Booker T. Wash ington. They propose to hang the portrait in	 the Memorial Hall of the State Capitol. Two colored troopers of the 9th U. S. Cavalry have invented a new gunpowder. MEETINGS A LARGE Negro Congress called by the Equal Rights League was held at Washington, D. C. Dr. Harvey Johnson, of Baltimore, Md., was elected Chairman and W. M. Trotter, of Boston, Mass., Secretary. The address to the country scored peonage, segregation and lynching, but did not mention Mr. Hughes. The 6th annual session of the Oklahoma State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met in Eufuala. They protested against the railway accommodations for colored people and voted to become members of the N. A. A.	 C. P. Colored chiropodists of New York have founded a Pedic Society with Valentine Thomas as President. The biennial meeting of the governing body of the colored Odd Fellows was held in Washington, D. C. The old officers were reelected. The Order has 14,680 lodges, households, councils, etc., and a total membership of 284,970 persons. The Central Board of Management owns property valued at $174,674. The parade of 4,000 participants was unusually effective. THE HORIZON Two conventions of the Baptists have been held: the Convention at Savannah, Ga., seems to have been the largest and to have attracted the most influential Baptists. A monument to George Leile, the first Bap tist Foreign Missionary, was unveiled at this convention. The Boyd convention at Kansas City, Mo., was also large. There are no signs of reconciliation between these two branches. The Grand Lodge of Colored Masons of Connecticut met at Bridgeport with George W. Crawford as Grand Master. Fifty delegates representing various organizations of the colored people of Rhode Island met for conference in Providence. They plan active work in cooperation with the N. A. A. C. P. A Negro Post Masters' Association has met in Boley, Okla., under the presidency of C. S. Simmons. The 3rd annual convention of the National Alliance of Postal Employees met in Kansas City, Mo. The first annual meeting of the National Travellers' Protective Association has been held in Birmingham, Ala. PERSONAL THE marriage is announced of President H. L. McCrorey of Biddle University to Mary Catherine Jackson of Athens, Ga. Miss Jackson has long been the chief assistant to Miss Lucy Laney of Haines Normal Institute. Miss Inez Casey of Philadelphia, for thirty years a teacher in the Public Schools of Philadelphia, is dead. John Lubrie Hill, a colored musical genius, died in New York City recently. Arthur F. Albert, who died recently at Washington, D. C , was a young man of high character. He was instructor of Mechanics at the Vocational School, having learned his trade at the United States Navy Yard; he contributed to technical magazines. George W. Dennis, a California pioneer, is dead. He was at one time wealthy and for twenty-two years has been messenger to the State Harbor Commission. THE CHURCH THE 32d annual conference of Episcopal Church Workers Among Colored People held a three days conference in Philadelphia. Archdeacon H. L. Phillips presided and 150 delegates were present. The Rev. W. H. Moses charges in public print that of the $350,000 invested in the Baptist Publishing Plant only $11,500 is the property of the Publishing Board, the rest being the private property of the Boyds. The Rev. M. W. Gilbert, formerly Presi dent of Selma University in Alabama, has become Pastor of the First Baptist Church, Nashville, Tenn. Dr. W. W. Beckett, the new A. M. E. Bishop to South Africa, sailed to his post last month. Rev. E. H. Hamilton, a Congregational pastor and social worker, has been called to the Colored Congregational Church of Houston, Tex. Colonel R. J. Reynolds has given real estate and money to the value of $6,500 to the C. M. E. Church at Winston-Salem, N. C. The Lutheran Church spent $97,000 on its colored missionary work last year. POLITICAL THERE have been 12,737 Negro voters registered in St. Louis. (I An Advisory Campaign Committee of colored men has been meeting at Republican headquarters, New York City. Among those present were: Charles W. Anderson, New York; Fred R. Moore, New York; William Oscar Payne, New York; Andrew F. Stevens and Justin Carter, Pennsylvania; Charles A. Cottrill and William P. Dabney, Ohio; William H. Lewis and W. C. Matthews, Massachusetts; Richard M. Bolden and Junius M. Green, New York; Gilchrist Stewart, New York; Isaac Nutter, New Jersey; Harry G. Tolliver, Connecticut; Dr. Ernest Lyon and Harry S. Cummings, Maryland; Charles Colburn, Delaware; Phillip Waters, West Virginia; Whitfield McKinlay, James A. Cobb and Charles Pickett, District of Columbia; R. R. Church, A. A. Fielding and J. C. Napier, Tennessee; Henry L. Johnson and Benjamin Davis, Georgia; Perry W. Howard, Mississippi; Joseph E. Lee, Florida. There are 30,000 Negro voters in Oklahoma owing to the defeat of the recent disfranchising amendments. Mr. Hughes, the Republican candidate, spoke to 2,000 Negroes in Hadley Park, Nashville, Tenn. He said: "We want honesty, with respect to the ballot. I want an honest and a pure ballot. I say to you that I stand, if I stand for anything, for equal 34 THE and exact justice to all. I stand for the maintenance of the rights of all American citizens, regardless of race or color." The Democrats of the 3rd Senatorial District of Michigan have nominated Francis H. Warren, a colored man. The district, however, is hopelessly Republican. CRISIS Attention has been called to the fact that the militia which responded to the call of President Wilson came from the North and not from the South. None came from North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi and Alabama, and only 500 from Louisiana. MR. HUGHES ADDRESSES COLORED NASHVILLE. Above: The Speaker; below: The Audience. THE HORIZON Negro voters in Arkansas are consider ing a Negro Party ticket. Mr. Charles H. Studin, a member of the Board of Directors, N. A. A. C. P., is Dem ocratic candidate for State Senator in the 18th Senatorial District. This includes a number of colored voters and it is hoped they will not forget Mr. Studin's services to the race. Major Robert R. Jackson was renomi nated for the State Legislature in Chicago, also Mr. B. H. Lucas, another colored man. Colonel F. A. Dennison of the 8th Illinois Regiment was defeated for the nomination for Municipal Judge. FOREIGN MR. WILLIAM A. SOGA of South Afri ca is dead. He was a graduate of Glasgow University and became a medical missionary widely known among his people. Prince George of Battenberg is Lieuten ant in the Royal British Navy. He is en gaged to be married to the great-grandchild of the colored Russian poet, Pushkin. Mis cegenation ! It is reported that Lidj Jeassu, Emperor of Abyssinia, has been deposed and that his aunt, Ouizero-Zeoditu, a woman forty years old, the wife of Ras Gongsa and daughter of the late Emperor Menelik, has pro claimed herself Empress of Abyssinia. The Dutch are having considerable trou ble with rebellions in their East Indian pos sessions. Lovedale, the celebrated South African school for colored people, celebrated its 75th anniversary July 21. Last February General Botha opened the new Native College adjoining Lovedale institute. The college has been financed largely by the natives and is an institution for higher education. GHETTO A DELEGATION of 25 Negroes waited upon the City Council of Kalamazoo, Mich., and protested against discrimination in theatres and restaurants. The Afro-American Order of Owls has won a decision from the American Court of Appeals against the white Owls who sought to restrain them from operating. An East Indian who was "Jim Crowed" in a street car in Memphis, Tenn., has brought suit against the street railway. A colored teacher has been appointed to the 8th grade in one of the Chicago, Ill., Public Schools. Some protest was made by the white patrons but the Board of Education stood firm. Over 700 Negro children in Savannah, Ga., cannot find accommodations in the col ored Public Schools. Professor Colquette, a teacher in the white city schools of Kansas City, Mo., has been dismissed because of his dark com plexion. The Superintendent of Schools is "convinced" that he is white, but the clamor of the patrons was too great. In many Southern cities the colored teachers do not receive notice of their re appointment or dismissal until just before the opening of school. In Jacksonville, Fla., they were notified this year one day before the opening. The colored woman who was refused ad mission to the Maternity Hospital at Stone- ham, Mass., has sued for $5,000 damages. A five-story apartment house in Chatta nooga, Tenn., made a rule that its servants must walk up the steep back stairs and not use the elevator. The servants struck. Four officers of the 8th Illinois Regi ment, colored, were appointed members of a court martial. Protests signed by several hundred white soldiers were forwarded to Washington. The Holderness School, Philadelphia, Pa., has refused to admit E. B. Mays, a colored boy. A woman who "claimed" to be one of the large number of descendants of General Robert E. Lee, tried to raise a row in New York when she found colored women attending the City Committee of the Hughes Alliance. She was quickly hustled out and effort was made to keep the incident out of the papers. The Georgia senators have been asked to appear before the Supreme Court at the rehearing of the Louisville, Ky., segregation case. There are said to be 8,000 vacant houses in Louisville on account of the segregation law. The segregation order referred to on page 300 of the October CRISIS was quickly revoked through the interference of Senator Martine of New Jersey, the President's political foe, and other Western senators. The attempt to segregate Negroes by inserting clauses in deeds which prevent the sale of property to Negroes has received a setback in New York and in California. In Harlem, N. Y., it has been impossible so far to prevent a colored family from occupying a restricted district in 136th street, although the matter is still in court. In Los Angeles a colored man has been prevented 36 THE CRISIS since 1915 from occupying his own property because of such a clause. On September 26, Attorney W. O. Tyler secured a verdict which allowed his client to move in. Michael Daley of Newton Center, Mass., has paid $1 9 to the court for forcibly kissing a colored girl. Mr. George E. Wibecan is sueing the Empire Theatre in Brooklyn, N. Y., for discrimination. A colored man, Robert Griffin, charged with assaulting a white woman, barely escaped a mob at Dothan, Ala. When he was brought to trial the jury exonerated him and the judge referred to this as "One of the many cases in which innocent men are charged with crime." Sixteen members of the Lima, O., mob have been indicted and 13 are in jail. Meantime the woman who was attacked identified as her assailant not the man whom the mob tried to lynch but another colored man who had been in jail three months, and could not possibly have been near her! John Mitchell, Jr., Editor of the Richmond Planet, is challenging the Federal authorities to proceed against him for exposing the indecent conduct of a white Richmond policeman in the toilet room of a C. &amp; O. Railway train. The general conduct of policemen throughout the United States toward colored people is a growing scandal and is evidently part of an understood scheme. In Richmond an attorney was dismissed for protesting against the beating of a colored woman by a policeman. Colored men have been beaten so brutally in Richmond, Va., Jacksonville, Fla., and Kansas City, Kan., that the authorities have had to order investigations. C Mrs. John F. Chandler, a prominent white woman of Elizabeth, N. J., was beaten, gagged and robbed in her home last June by a colored man. Two days after B. Carter, a colored repairer of lawn mowers, was arrested charged with the crime and identified by Mrs. Chandler twice under oath. He was put in jail and threats were made against his life. On August 23, Lewis Brown, a colored man, was arrested in White Plains, N. Y., wearing the clothes stolen from the Chandler residence and confessed that he was the real culprit! In the August CRISIS we told of the brutal shooting of a colored porter at Selma, Ala. Since then the murderer has been tried and as the evidence is so overwhelming against him he was declared "insane at the time of murder." A commission will eventually determine whether he is "still" insane! The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Sept. 8, Tacoma, Wash., T. W. Bethel-killed by strikers for being a "Scab." Sept. 9, Columbus, Ga., unknown Negro— supposed to have been killed for murder of Crawford, a farmer. Sept. 9, Elizabeth, La., Israel—shot for wounding a foreman. Sept. 20, Lafayette Ga., Henry White-hanged for alleged attack upon a white girl. Sept. 21, Cuthbert, Ga., Pete Hudson-shot for killing a sheriff. Sept. 21 , Olanthe, Kan., Bert Dudley, a white man—hanged for murder. Sept. 23, Gordonsburg, Tenn., two Negroes—shot for the murder of Bud Burns. Sept. 27, Bainbridge, Ga., Moxie Shuler— hanged for "attempting to attack" a white girl. Sept. 29, Nowata, Okla., John Foreman and F. Powell—hanged for the killing of a sheriff. Oct. 4, Arlington, Ga., Mary Conley, a colored woman—shot to death because her sou killed his employer! MATE By G. DOUGLAS JOHNSON OUR separate winding ways we trod, Along the highways, unto God, Unbonded by the clasp of hand, Without a vow, we understand. Forever strange the fusing kiss Omnipotent —we bide in this They need no trammeling of bars, Whose souls were welded with the stars. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Good Opportunities for Good Men Standard Life Insurance Company offers the best opportunity to the colored man or woman with business ability and salesmanship since January 1st, 1863. Standard Life is the only existing Old Line, Legal Reserve Life Insurance Com pany among its people and as such offers wonderful opportunities to colored men who are seeking permanent connection with an institution that is no longer an idle theory in the mind of one man, but is already catalogued with institutions that have made good. With its carefully managed affairs, its absolute security, its good talking points, its liberal contracts, its high rate of interest on its assets, you just cannot fail if you have got salesmanship ability and the knack of "hitting the line hard and hitting it steadily," Every possible aid is given the man who carries the rate book. The warm personal interest between the agents and the company inculcates that feeling that spurs ambition and inspires success. We are seeking to develop an agency force of clean, responsible, capable men who have, either developed or latent, ability for the selling of Life Insurance. No man who is seeking a "soft snap" can ever hope to make good with the Standard Life. The work is hard—there will be times when the way may be difficult—but the man with grit and determination to win will succeed and the rewards will far outweigh the trials and hardships he has borne. We want men—red-blooded—aggressive—progressive men. No man with any trace of the "quitter" in him need apply, for he will not succeed. We are ready to meet the requirements of every state in the Union. We have not entered them because we have not had enough of the right sort of men to open them and we will not do it with any other kind. We are perfectly frank with you. If you are of the right sort, you can succeed with Standard Life. If you are not, you cannot succeed. The Remuneration —We cite you one case out of several, that of one of our Georgia agents, Mr. J. T. Lundy, of Statesboro. His commissions for the month of September, in a small Georgia town were $198.22. Mr. Lundy is not a spectacular producer. He is just a steady worker—doing each day's work during that day. Steady plugging brought these results. Would such an amount interest you? Perhaps you would not make this much the first month or in any of the first six or eight months. But remember, the doctor has to spend at least four years in school, the lawyer at least three in study. Can you afford to spend at least a few months when you will not be making as much as Mr. Lundy did in September? We want men who are going into the Life Insurance business for life, who believe that "Life Insurance is the best thing in the world," who are willing to work hard. IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS, WRITE. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office, 200 AUBURN AVENUE ATLANTA, GEORGIA CAPITAL $125,000.00 Licensed in Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Arkansas, Missouri. Texas, Mississippi, and the District of Columbia. OVER TWO AND A HALF MILLION OF INSURANCE IN FORCE HEMAN E. PERRY President HARRY H. PACE Secretary WM. H. KING Director of Agencies WM. DRISKELL Superintendent of Agents Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Vice-Presidents National President OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, New York MOORFIELD STOREY, Boston REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES, New York Chairman of the Board of Directors JOHN E. MILHOLLAND, New York DR. J. E. SPINGARN, New York ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE, Washington MARY WHITE OVINGTON, Brooklyn DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS. New York Director of Publications and Research REV. G. R. WALLER, Springfield, Mass. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD ROY NASH Treasurer Secretary ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Chicago Brooklyn New York JANE ADDAMS DR. V. MORTON JONES REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY DR. O. M. WALLER MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY _ , Haven PAUL KENNADAY New JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL BUTLER R. WILSON Philadelphia CARLE S H ST UDIN Baltimore Dr. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR £ UNDERHILL BISHOP JOHN HURST Washington LILLIAN D. WALD DR. F. N. CARDOZO PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The Anti-Lynching Fund of $10,000 has been raised; but $10,000 is a very small sum. Why not make it $15,000? Awake! Put on thy strength, O Zion! MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. Date , 1916. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: 1 desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street City and State Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Read The Following Bills Introduced in Congress by Democrats for the Oppression and Humiliation of Colored American Citizens. Can any Self-Respecting Colored Voter Support the Candidates of the Democratic Party? Register your Protest by Voting the Republican Ticket from Top to Bottom. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. D ECEMBER 6, 1915. Introduced by M R. VINSON of Georgia. A BILL— H. R. 13. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That within four months after the passage of this Act each and every transportation company, firm, and person operating cars, vessels, or other vehicles of any character within the District of Columbia for the conveyance of passengers shall provide separate and distinct accommodations for the conveyance of white and negro passengers; that is to say, that they shall provide certain cars, vehicles, or compartments for the exclusive use and conveyance of white people, and certain cars, vehicles, or compartments for the exclusive use and conveyance of negro people: Provided, That the cars, and conveyance of negro people: Provided, That the cars, in all respects as good, comfortable, and convenient as those provided for the other race. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. J ULY 27, 1916. . Introduced by MR. CARAWAY of Arkansas. A BILL -H.R. 17183. T o prevent the enlistment of negroes in the military service of the United States. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That hereafter there shall not be enlisted or reenlisted in the military service of the United States, either in the Army or Navy, any person of the negro or colored race. S EC. 2. All laws and parts of laws in conflict herewith are hereby repealed. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. D ECEMBER 6, 1915. Introduced by MR. AsWELL of Louisiana. A BILL -H . R. 539. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That heads of all executive departments shall ISSUE all such orders as shall be necessary to secure IN all branches of the civil service of the United States, to the utmost extent consistent with public interests, the segregation of civil employees of the white race from those of African blood or descent in the performance of their services. SEC 2. That in all executive departments within the District of Columbia clerks or employees shall not be required to occupy the same office or workrooms with clerks or employees of African blood or descent; nor shall any white clerk or em THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ployee be placed under the orders, direction, or supervision of any person of African blood or descent. SEC. 3. That IN the railway Mail Service of the Post Office Department white clerks shall not, except in cases of emergency, be ordered to duty in the same mail car with postal clerks of African blood or descent. SEC. 4. That IN the administration of the provisions of this Act there shall be no discrimination in favor of or against clerks or employees of equal efficiency on account of race. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. D ecember 6, 1915. Introduced by M r. VINSON of Georgia. A BILL —H. R. 11. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That heads of all executive departments shall issue all such orders as shall be necessary to secure IN all branches of the civil service of the United States to the utmost extent consistent with the public interests the segregation of civil employees of the white race from those of African blood or descent in the performance of their services. SEC. 2. That in all executive departments within the District of Columbia clerks or employees shall not be required to occupy the same office or workrooms with clerks or employees of African blood or descent; nor shall any white clerk or employee be placed under the orders, direction, or supervision of any person of African blood or descent. SEC. 3. That in the Railway Mail Service of the Post Office Department white clerks shall not, except in cases of emergency, be ordered to duty in the same mail car with postal clerks of African blood or descent. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY COLORED AUTHORS Nearly a quarter of a century has passed of its publications are in active circulation, the American people than those that relate in themselves. Limitations of space enable by prominent colored authors. Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, .Howard University. Third thousand. $2.15 by mail. Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable." New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Out of the House of Bondage. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." The Facts of Reconstruction. By John R. Lynch, colored; formerly Member of Congress; later Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; at present Major in United States Army. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any political writer during recent years to the political literature of the reconstruction era." The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem. By James S. Stemons, colored; Field Secretary of the Joint Organization of the Association for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. Mr. Stemons contends that industrial opportunity, rather than industrial education, is the basic need of the Negro. He presents his arguments in vigorous English of extraordinary purity, and the book may easily be classed with the foremost literature of the Negro race. $1.00 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By John H. Reed, D. D., K. C , colored; with an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D. D., LL. D. $1.60 by mail Philadelphia Christian Recorder: "The book is filled with splendid idealism, and in spite of its somewhat verbose character, presents a fine argument, which in this day of compromise for the present exigencies may not be heeded." since the Neale house was founded. Hundreds None of these are more vitally important to to racial problems. They comprise a library us to announce here but a few of these books Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N. Leger, colored; formerly Minister from Haiti to the United States. Illustrated. Two editions: one in English and the other in French. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Nation, New York: "Haiti, at last, has a champion who is entitled to be heard; for he speaks from fullness of knowledge, and from a position of political eminence sends forth no uncertain sound. It is not too much to say that the latest book on Haiti is also the best that has ever appeared respecting the so-called 'Black Republic' Minister Leger has struck a new note, for, unlike others who have written on the subject, he places himself against a veritable wall of facts, and not only wards off the blows that are aimed at his country, but takes the aggressive against her critics." The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status. By William Pickens, Lit. D., colored; Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore. Dr. Pickens was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class and won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. Although a young man, he has won distinction as a scholar; he is among the foremost men of his race. $1.60 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa. By George W. Ellis, K. C , F. R. G. S., colored; recently, and for eight years, Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam as a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "It is the third consecutive contribution made by a noted man to our knowledge of conditions and peoples in West Africa." Albany Times-Union : "It is easily one of the most important contributions ever made to the literature of the Negro race." New York Crisis: "This history ought to be in every American's library." The Black Man's Burden. By William H. Holtzclaw, colored; Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Mississippi. With an introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesting study of Negro achievement and should be an inspiration to the young men and the young women of the race." Prof. Wm. E. Chancellor, Ph. D., the eminent historian and educator, writes: "The Neale Publishing Company to-day represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list considered as an entirety as to lend luster to each separate title, creating a presumption in its favor." Order through 440 Fourth Avenue THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO. New York City or THE CRISIS, 70FifthAvenue Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AN INVITATION TO EDUCATORS THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL, DURHAM, N. C, extends a cordial invitation to the heads of Universities, Colleges and Secondary Schools for the education and training of colored people in the United States to be the. guests of the School, November 21-24, 1916, for the purpose of Conferences, closer unity and understanding of the needs and educational requirements of the colored people. Among the subjects to be discussed particular stress will be laid on the following: 1. What is the opinion of the Educators themselves in regard to the duplication of work in schools in the various communities? Has it been hurtful, unwise and wasteful ? What plans ought to be fostered to correct the evil? 2. To what extent should classes devoted to Teacher Training be encouraged ? How and where located ? 3. What system should be devised to meet the requirements of the rural teacher? 4. What should be the standard of the University, College, Normal School, Teacher Training and Secondary Schools ? 5. How should students be received from one to the other? 6. To what extent should religious instruction be carried on in the various schools? 7. Should there be a general clearing-house for aid for Negro schools? 8. Is the aid given by the various Funds and Boards to Negro education wise, economical and helpful ? Many other and kindred subjects will be announced on the tentative program which will be published in the early Fall. This Conference has been suggested by a great many who desire to know the actual condition and needs of the schools devoted to Negro education from those who are actually doing the work. No Conference in recent years will be more far-reaching in its effects than this. The guests will be entertained free of charge by the National Training School. Durham itself presents a field of study and inspiration, which will be furnished by no other city of its size in the country. Do you approve of such a Conference ? Will you be present ? Please let me know at your earliest convenience. Yours for service, James E. Shepard President National Training School, Durham, N. C. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER KASHMIR PREPARATIONS "Better Than the Best" Skin Beautiful Hair Beautiful "THE KASHMIR GIRL" The "KASHMIR Way" is the fashion in Beauty Culture. The KASHMIR Skin and Hair Preparations are said by leading food authorities to contain genuine food elements necessary to the Beauty and growth of the skin and hair. The KASHMIR PREPARATIONS produce new skin as well as whiten, soften and cleanse the skin. Wrinkles, blackheads, and liver spots disappear immediately. The complexion takes on the charm of color and youth. Become fashionable and learn the "KASHMIR WAY." THE KASHMIR INSTITUTE is the best equipped correspondence Beauty College in the world. Terms reasonable. The course is complete, fascinating and inexpensive. Catalog" free. KASHMIR PREPARATIONS The Kashmir Cream Brown Face Powder The Kashmir Whitener and Cleanser The Kashmir Eczema or Tetter Corrective The Kashmir Cold Cream The Kashmir Vanishing Cream The Kashmir Balm The Kashmir Dandruff Cure The Kashmir Hair Beautifier All preparations sold in 50c. sizes. Postage extra 4c. THE KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. Foreign offices Paris Tokyo Kashmir Bldg. AGENTS WANTED CALCUTTA 4709 Stale Street, Chicago, ILL, U. S. A.Bigopportunityforenergeticagents Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WHAT A FIVE DOLLAR BILL OF YOURS WILL DO! O It will purchase ONE SHARE of stock in the greatest NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE under the control of Colored people in the world, which proposes to operate a chain of "daily newspapers" connected and linked with each other by telegraph wires in such cities as: New York: Boston, Mass.; Philadelphia, Pa.; Pittsburgh, Pa.; Bal timore, Md.; Washington, D. C, and Richmond, Va. It will help to make possible the great and needful service in unseating and abolish ing that demon monster "color-prejudice" which has and is still keeping a padlock on the doors of "EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES" to this race. It will help to place in the hands of the race a bludgeon which will be in the form of concerted opinion that will more effectively wipe out the heinous and atrocious crimes of lynching in a single year than all of the thunder talk promises made by office seeking politicians would bring about in a decade. It will help to provide a PRINTING PLANT to be installed in each one of the above named cities which will give to qualified men and women POSITIONS of a higher grade. It will help you to help yourself. We have prepared a wonderfully interesting booklet of "facts and figures" on this most wonderful opportunity. It will tell you of many things of which you have prob ably never thought about. It will inform you of the vast amount of good that is in your own power to do. Send for it and read it over—today. It is FREE! THE THUNDERER PRINTING &amp; PUBLISHING COMPANY, inc. 174 West 135th Street, NEW YORK CITY LOUIS A. LEAVELLE, Prest.	 JOHN D. HADWIN, Treas. YOUR FALL SUIT The Wonder of the Age FREE Send postal today for full information how to get your Fall suit, made to measure, Without a penny's cost. $30 to $40 would not buy a better one. Simply wear it, tell your friends where you got it—take their LIQUID ENAMEL orders—and make Is the last word in a High surface Polish. Positively gives the most bril $10 to $15 liant and lasting lustre known. Is absolutely waterproof, dustproof and finger mark-proof not affected by heat, cold, a Day or dampness. Keeps indefinitely. Liquid 	in your spare time. It is dead easy—you never saw a nobbier suit or Enamel's only rival is a large diamond latest style. Your choice of 60 fab a more stunning pattern, cut in very rics and 82 styles. Drop as a postal under the rays of a powerful arc-light. 	card for heavy pattern book, inside Information abou t styles. self- Dries spontaneously with each stroke 	measuring blanks . etc. DON'T WAIT. Mail Postal NOW! of the cloth. We Pay Delivery Charges GETAHEADOF THEOTHER FELLOWS, WRITE THIS MINUTE. USES American Woolen Mills Company Admirably adapted for use on automobiles, Dept. 1151	 Chicago exterior and interior of Pullmans and all steam cars, carriages, mahogany, wains-coating of hotels, hanks, office buildings, The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing private residences, motor cycles, victrolas, desks, clocks, furniture, cabinet files, safes, book cases, exterior and interior surfaces LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER of electric cars, violins, interior woodwork of stores and steamships, delivery wagons. Guaranteed lo Gro w llalr in SI X TREATMENT S PRICE 60c PER BOTTLE. or Money Refunded. Price 3 0 cents per box. W.	 AUGS. B. MATTHEWS Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mall or at College. 79 Dexter St., Medford, Mass. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble Agent. 3001 LAWTON AVENUE AT. IOUIS. MO. Mention THE Crisis 46 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University PEOPLE'S HAIR Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. Natural Front Part Covers Entire Head The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. Latest Styles of Wigs, Plats, TransformaA n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon chamtions, Puffs, Electric Combs. W e are the pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing largest firm in this line. Send 2c for our arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for new Catalogue. clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Be The Old Reliable longs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM 486 8th Ave., New York City JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. LET US SHOW YOU HOW TOGETFREESUITS "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. Here we go again, "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." breaking all records for —Springfield Republican. new, nobby, ahead-of-thetime styles. Be the first in "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in your town to wear a suit book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advo that is ahead of time. Earn cate. it while you wear it. W e "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, send the suit complete. reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and You can make big money, true inspiration."—George W. Cable. too. There is PRICE 25 CENTS. $50 to $100a Week ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. 	in it for you. Drop us a postal for our advance book, select the styles you want and the cloth. Let us prove our wonderful offer. Don't wait a minute. $25.00 PER WEEK Costs you nothing to look into this. We send everything the may be made in commissions by parties handling day your request is received. "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American 	We prepay delivery charges on everything. Simply send in a War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." postal with your name and ad400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. dress on it. Do it right now. Paragon Tailoring Co. Address: E. A. JOHNSON Dept. 1151 CHICAGO 154 Nassau Street	 NEW YORK If It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! W e manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PERSONAL CARDS $60 AWEEKandthisfree automobile Telephone 5277 Morningside Every agent can get an auto free no contest Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto. I want men. hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows,anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to advertise. sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 60 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstrating Tu b Furnished. Here's an absolutely new Invention—nothing like it. Makes Instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modem up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no water works needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 30 days. Rev. Otto Schulre, Mo., got $1600 to date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1072 In 17 days. Hamlinton. of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But yon must be ambitions, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week. H. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG, CO. 4285 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO Something New Under the Sun ''Allianceskin Pants "Allianceskin" Pronounced A lion's Skin Stronger Than We Pay Express or Parcel Post Charges Made As YouLike Them. A new cloth —beautiful finish and texture. Can be worn for dress or work and the formula (or weaving "Allianceskin" is our exclusive property. Wonderful value. Only $1.00. We make suits to measure from $7.50 up,alio overcoats and "Yearound" Raincoats at $3.85. Just mail us your name Agent s and address and we will send Wante d FREE all our catalogs, with real A T ONCE samples of cloths, illustrations,tape line, order blanks, etc. Big gest bargains you ever saw. Our prices save half. Satisfaction guaranteed. See all our references and with them Make Big Money, PRODUCERS &amp; CONSUMERS ALLIANCE Dept. 179 Wholesale Tailors, Chicago $20.00 to $40.00 per week being made selling the new history of colored people; everybody buys; anyone can sell. A man or woman wanted for each county to work full or spare time. Write for terms and free outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 7th Street, Washington, D. C. DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W . 135th Street New York City Telephone.: (Central 104-W 1 Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St , Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel . 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W . Ashbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals WriteforQuotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. FEET PAINLESS treatment for CORNS, BUNIONS. INGROWN NAILS, and ALL other AILMENTS of the FEET. DR. WILLIAM 1. CARTER CHIROPODIST Registered in the States of New York and New Jersey Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., New York City. In Scalp Treatment. No LADIES WANTED TO TAKE THE QUINO COURSE money required. Just a H time Be our agent. Sell our goods and make money. Hair Grower, 50c, Temple Oil, 75c. Try a box. Write QUINO, 636 Fogg Street, NASHVILLE, TENN. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help •promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." R EV. D R. C HARLES H. P ARKHURST . New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. Next School Term Opens Oct. 4, 1916. For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. THE The Cheyney Training School AGRICULTURAL AND for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA TECHNICAL COLLEGE Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully lo (Formerly A.&amp; M. College) cated, healthful, well appointed. Fall Term begins September 1, 1916, This school offers to young colored Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per men and women who have a reamonth. sonable secondary school prepara Maintained by the Governments of tion, and who earnestly desire to the United States and of North Carolina. become teachers, courses in aca Short courses. demic work, domestic science, do Courses leading to the degrees of mestic art, manual crafts and Bachelor of Science in Agriculture agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. lodging, heat, light and laundry Write today for catalog. privileges are offered for nine Address: months for Sioo. The entrance fee is $7. Fall term opens Sep PRESIDENT DUDLEY tember 16, 1916. A. &amp; T. College For full information, write to Greensboro, N. C. LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 21, 1916 For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. THE COLORED TEACHER A Monthly Educational Journal Frederick A. McGinnis, Wilberforce, Ohio, Editor Isaac H. Miller. Atlanta, Ga., / T. B. Steward, Kansas City, Mo. r Associate Editors W. H. Fouse, Lexington, Ky. ) $1.00 PER YEAR—10 CENTS PER COPY. AGENTS WANTED. Address: The Colored Teacher, Box 22, Wilberforce, O, A live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas. Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois. Indiana. Kansas. Kentucky. Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania. Rhode Island. South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. Books? 	See the Selected List on the Inside Front Cover MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE,	 President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS RECOGNIZED AS A COLLEGE OF THE FIRST CLASS BY TEXAS AND LOUISIANA STATE BOARDS OF EDUCATION. HARVARD, YALE AND COLUMBIA REPRESENTED ON ITS FACULTY; STUDENTS GATH ERED FROM TEN DIFFERENT STATES. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. . High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins Sept. 28th, 1916. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and. Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. 448 E. 35th St. Chicago, Ill. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. " A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. Stenography Typewriting Book-keeping THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1.	 Short Courses in Typewriting 2.	 Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3.	 Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping We	 typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 SO. 17TH STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. TEACHERS (all subjects) and Interpreters STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY Established 1897 1011 New York Avenue Washington, D.C. Domestic Science Teacher (a graduate of Cheyney Institute, Cheyney, Pa.) wishes a position as teacher or matron. Address L. H., care of The Crisis, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Pictures of Booker Washington Sell like hot cakes; our special scheme of giving his book with picture sells everybody; we have the big book, both sell for $1.25; we pay express; all agents should write us; anybody can sell; two outfits, fifteen cents. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 7th St., Washington, D. C. "The Truth About the Bible" This book deals with the sex of the Bible. "It will empty our jails, insane asylums and hospitals in time; it should be in every home in the world." —J. H. Powell, M. D. "For ideas, it is the world's greatest book."—J. Silas Harris, A. M. "It is the world's most revolutionary book; it means a better race."—W. A. Swan, M. D. Read this book. Price $3.00. Address the Author, Sidney C. Tapp, Ph.B., 601 Delaware St., Kansas City, Mo. F. J. MYLES CHAMPION PENMAN Roger Williams University. Nashville. Tenn. "F. J. Mylcs is no doubt the most skillful and the most versatile colored penman In the world."—Nashville Globe. Mention UNIVERSITY LITERARY BUREAU Manuscript CRITICIZED and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses, Bibliographies and Debating Briefs Prepared. General Research Work. Advice of Publication. Correspondence Solicted. Strictly Confidential. Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Lock ADDRESS: Box 102 , Howard University, Washington, D. C. Mrs. Minnie C. Warwick Novelty Shop Novelties, Dry Goods, Toilet Articles, Lingerie of all kinds in stock and made to order. "Wedding Outfits at reasonable rates, 178 Northampton St., BOSTON, MASS. SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY for a Dentist desiring to locate in Philadelphia, Pa. For particulars address Frank Dawson, 1020 Chestnut Street. Correct Calling cards POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN 100 FOR 50 CENTS OR 50 FOR 30 CENTS. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA Price only $8.50 express prepaid. made to order Special Offer to advertise our swell clothes. This handsome, hand-tailored $15 Suit, in 18 different new styles, special price only We offer you the Biggest Values in Tailoring:, and please remember always: W e Will Not Keep One Penny Of Your Money Unless you are WELL PLEASED Big Pay-Easy Work Agents! Make $35 to $65 a week right in your own town. Part time or all. We furnish Tailor Book with styles, samples, wholesale prices, and all instructions FREE \ Write for it Today. I	 THE CHICAGO TAILORS ASS'N. j	 Dept. 89 515 So.FranKlin St., Chicago. I TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. IT is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. Me is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 9 4 VOLUMES NOW READY Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per CF\,» J-volume. Each complete and sold separately --50C. NET POSTAGE EXTRA "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C Pigou ORDER THROUGH THE PUBLISHERS OR THROUGH The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR : Musician HIS LIFE AN D LETTER SBY W. C.BERWICK SAYERS ILLUSTRATED SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR, the first composer of classic music to come from the colored races, was born in London forty years ago. His genius asserted itself at the early age of six when, as one of his admirers describes it, he was found "holding a very small-sized violin in one hand, and playing at marbles with the other." The real discovery was, however, made by his guardian, friend, and benefactor, Colonel Herbert, of the Queen's Regiment. At thirteen, he was a brilliant solo violinist. Entering the Royal College of Music in 1890, three years later, he won an open scholarship for composition. His progress was marked by such landmarks as "Hiawatha's Wedding Feast," known the world over, "Herod," "Ulysses," "Nero," "Faust," "Endymion's Dream," "A Tale of Old Japan," "Othello." The tribute we pay to the darker races of the world who have produced artists, thinkers, and composers is notorious by its absence. Proud of his race, it was indeed characteristic of the sturdy, honest nature of Coleridge-Taylor that he never sought to keep in the background his Negro origin, but, on the contrary, was thoroughly proud of it and of his own position. Of the fascination the tale of his life holds for a biographer, it is needless to speak. Mr. Berwick Sayers has brought to his loving task an enthusiasm which makes of his volume charming reading. Alfred Noyes, in the poem entitled "Samuel Coleridge-Taylor," writes: The spark that falls from heaven, not oft on earth, To human hearts its vital splendor gives; His was the simple, true, immortal birth! Scholars compose; but THI S MAN' S MUSI C LIVES . Price, $2.25. Postage Extra TH E CRISIS : : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, NE W YOR K CIT Y The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly Edited by 100 Pages CARTER G. WOODSON P THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. . , -/ Checks should be made payable to THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON, 2223 12th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS