OFF ON A COMET 37 Generous and altogether unselfish as this senti- ment really was, it was obviously to the general interest that they should become acquainted, and if possible establish friendly relations, with any human inhabitant who might be sharing their own strange destiny in being rolled away upon a new planet into the infinitude of space. All difference of race, all distinction of nationality, must be merged into the one thought that, few as they were, they were the sole surviving representatives of a world which it seemed exceedingly improbable that they would ever see again; and common sense dic- tated that they were bound to direct all their ener- gies to insure that their asteroid should at least have a united and sympathizing population. It was on the 25th of February that the yacht left the little creek in which she had taken refuge, and setting off at full steam eastwards, she continued her way along the northern shore. A brisk breeze tended to increase the keenness of the temperature, the thermometer being, on an average, about two degrees below zero. Salt water freezes only at a lower temperature than fresh; the course of the Dobryna was therefore unimpeded by ice, but it could not be concealed that there was the greatest necessity to maintain the utmost possible speed. The nights continued lovely; the chilled condition of the atmosphere prevented the formation of clouds; the constellations gleamed forth with un- sullied luster; and, much as Lieutenant Procope, from nautical considerations, might regret the ab- sence of the moon, he could not do otherwise than own that the magnificent nights of Gallia were such as must awaken the enthusiasm of an astronomer. And, as if to compensate for the loss of the moon- light, the heavens were illuminated by a superb shower of falling stars, far exceeding, both in num- ber and in brilliancy, the phenomena which are com- monly distinguished as the August and November meteors; in fact, Gallia was passing through that meteoric ring which is known to lie exterior to the earth's orbit, but almost concentric with it. The rocky coast, its metallic surface reflecting the glow of the dazzling luminaries, appeared literally stip- pled with light, whilst the sea, as though spattered with burning hailstones, shone with a phosphore- scence that was perfectly splendid. So great, how- ever, was the speed at which Gallia was receding from the sun, that this meteoric storm lasted scarcely more than four and twenty hours. Next day the direct progress of the Dobryna was arrested by a long projection of land, which obliged her to turn southwards, until she reached what formerly would have been the southern extremity of Corsica. Of this, however, there was now no trace; the Strait of Bonfacio had been replaced by a vast expanse of water, which had at first all the appearance of being utterly desert; but on the fol- lowing morning the explorers unexpectedly sighted a little island, which, unless it should prove, as was only too likely, to be of recent origin they concluded, from its situation, must be a portion of the north- ernmost territory of Sardinia. The Dobryna approached the land as nearly as was prudent, the boat was lowered, and in a few minutes the count and Servadac had landed upon the islet, which was a mere plot of meadow land, not much more than two acres in extent, dotted here and there with a few myrtle-bushes and lentisks, interspersed with some ancient olives. Having as- certained, as they imagined, that the spot was de- void of living creature, they were on the point of returning to their boat, when their attention was arrested by a faint bleating, and immediately after- wards a solitary she-goat came bounding towards the shore. The creature had dark, almost black hair, and small curved horns, and was a specimen of that domestic breed which, with considerable justice, has gained for itself the title of "the poor man's cow." So far from being alarmed at the presence of strangers, the goat ran nimbly towards them, and then, by its movements and plaintive cries, seemed to be enticing them to follow it. "Come," said Servadac; "let us see where it will lead us; it is more than probable it is not alone." The count agreed; and the animal, as if compre- hending what was said, trotted on gently for about a hundred paces, and stopped in front of a kind of cave or burrow that was half concealed by a grove of lentisks. Here a little girl, seven or eight years of age, with rich brown hair and lustrous dark eyes, beautiful as one of Murillo's angels, was peeping shyly through the branches. Apparently discover- ing nothing in the aspect of the strangers to excite her apprehensions, the child suddenly gained con- fidence, darted forwards with outstretched hands, and in a voice, soft and melodious as the language which she spoke, said in Italian: "I like you; you will not hurt me, will you?" "Hurt you, my child?" answered Servadac. "No, indeed; we will be your friends; we will take care of you." And after a few moments' scrutiny of the pretty maiden, he added: "Tell us your name, little one." "Nina!" was the child's reply. "Well, then, Nina, can you tell us where we are?" "At Madalena, I think," said the little girl; "at least, I know I was there when that dreadful shock came and altered everything." The count knew that Madalena was close to Cap- rera, to the north of Sardinia, which had entirely disappeared in the disaster. By dint of a series of questions, he gained from the child a very in- telligent account of her experiences. She told him that she had no parents, and had been employed in taking care of a flock of goats belonging to one of the landowners, when one day, all of a sudden, everything around her, except this little piece of land, had been swallowed up, and that she and Marzy, her pet goat, had been left quite alone. She went on to say that at first she had been very fright- ened; but when she found that the earth did not shake any more, she had thanked the great God, and had soon made herself very happy living with Mar- zy. She had enough food, she said, and had been waiting for a boat to fetch her, and now a boat had come and she was quite ready to go away; only they must let her goat go with her: they would both like so much to get back to the old farm. "Here, at least, is one nice little inhabitant of Gallia," said Captain Servadac, as he caressed the child and conducted her to the boat. Half an hour later, both Nina and Marzy were safely quartered on board the yacht. It is needless to say that they received the heartiest of welcomes. The Russian sailors, ever superstitious, seemed al- 