The Thing from-"Outside" By George Allen England ". . . Out of the door crept something like a man. A queer, broken, bent-over thing: a thing crippled, shrunken and flabby, that whined. This thine--yes. it was still Marr--crunched down at one side, quivering, whimpering. It moved its hands as a crushed ant moves its antennae; jerkily, without significance. . ." THEY sat about their camp-fire, that little party of Americans retreating southward from Hudson Bay before the on-coming menace of the great cold. Sat there, stolid under the awe of the North, under the uneasiness that the day's trek had laid upon their souls. The three men smoked. The two women huddled close to each other. Fireglow picked their faces from the gloom of night among the dwarf firs. A splashing murmur told of the Albany River's haste to escape from the wilderness, and reach the Bay. "I don't see what there was in a mere circular print on a rock- ledge to make our guides desert," said Professor Thorburn. His voice was as dry as his whole personality. "Most extraordi- nary." "They knew what it was, all right," answered Jandron, geol- ogist of the party. "So do I." He rubbed his cropped mustache. His eyes glinted grayly. I've seen prints like that before. That was on the Labrador. And I've seen things happen, where they were." "Something surely happened to our guides, be- fore they'd got a mile into the bush," put in the Professor's wife; while Vivian, her sister, gazed into the fire that revealed her as a beauty, not to be spoiled even by a tam and a rough-knit sweater. "Men don't shoot wild- ly, and scream like that, un- less--" ‘They're all three dead now, anyhow," put in Jandron. "So they're out of harm's way. While we--well, we're two hundred and fifty wicked miles from the C. P. R. rails." "Forget it, Jandy!" said Marr, the journalist. "We're just suf- fering from an attack of nerves, that's all. Give me a fill of 'baccy. Thanks. We'll all be bet- ter in the morning. Ho-hum! Now, speaking of spooks and such--" He launched into an account of how he had once exposed a fraudulent spiritualist, thus proving--to his own satisfaction--that nothing existed beyond the scope of mankind's everyday life. But nobody gave him much heed. And silence HERE is an extraordinary story by the well-known magazine writer, George Allan England. This story should be read quite care- fully, and it is necessary to use one's imagination in reading it. The theme of Mr. England's story is unusual and extraordinary. If we. can take insects and put them upon the dissecting table in order to study their anatomy, is there a good reason why some super-intelligence cannot do the same thing with us humans? It may be taken as a certainty that Intelligence, as we understand it, is not only of our earth. It is also not necessary to presume that Intelligence may have its setting only in a body of flesh and blood. There is no reason for disbelieving that a Super-Intelligence might not reside in gases or invisible structures, something which we of today cannot even imagine. 67 