THE THING FROM--"OUTSIDE" 71 made his head ache. Vivian laid it to the wind and the gleam of the swift water, while Marr claimed it was the heat. Jandron wondered at all this, inasmuch as he plainly saw that the river had almost stopped flowing, and the day had become still and overcast. They dragged their canoes upon a rotting stage of fir-poles and explored the lumber-camp; a mourn- ful place set back in an old "slash," now partly over- grown with scrub poplar, maple and birch. The log buildings, covered with tar-paper partly torn from the pole roofs, were of the usual North Coun- try type. Obviously the place had not been used for years. Even the landing-stage where once logs had been rolled into the stream had sagged to decay. "I don't quite get the idea of this," Marr ex- claimed. "Where did the logs go to? Downstream, of course. But that would take 'em to Hudson Bay, and there's no market for spruce timber or pulp- wood at Hudson Bay." He pointed down the cur- rent. "You're entirely mistaken," put in the Professor. "Any fool could see this river runs the other way. A log thrown in here would go down toward the St. Lawrence!" "But then," asked the girl, "why can't we drift back to civilization ?" The Professor retorted: "Just what we have been doing, all along! Ex- traordinary, that I have to explain the obvious!'/ He walked away in a huff. "I don't know but he's right, at that," half ad- mitted the journalist. "I've been thinking almost the same thing, myself, the past day or two--that is, ever since the sun shifted." "What do you mean, shifted?" from Jandron. "You haven't noticed it?" "But there's been no sun at all, for at least two days!" "Hanged if I'll waste time arguing with a luna- tic !" Marr growled. He vouchsafed no explanation of what he meant by the sun's having "shifted," but wandered off, grumbling. "What are we going to do?" the girl appealed to Jandron. The sight of her solemn, frightened eyes, of her palm-outward hands and (at last) her very feminine fear, constricted Jandron's heart. "We're going through, you and I," he answered simply. "We've got to save them from themselves, you and I have." Their hands met again, and for a moment held. Despite the dead calm, a fir-tip at the edge of the clearing suddenly flicked aside, shrivelled as if frozen. But neither of them saw it. The fugitives, badly spent, established themselves in the "bar-room" or sleeping-shack of the camp. They wanted to feel a roof over them again, if only a broken one. The traces of men comforted them: a couple of broken peavies, a pair of snowshoes with the thongs all gnawed off, a cracked bit of mirror, a yellowed almanac dated 1899. Jandron called the Professor's attention to this almanac, but the Professor thrust it aside. "What do I want of a Canadian census-report?" he demanded, and fell to counting the bunks, over and over again. His big bulge of his forehead, that housed the massive brain of him, was oozing sweat. Marr cursed what he claimed was sunshine through the holes in the roof, though Jandron could see none; claimed the sunshine made his head ache. "But it's not a bad place," he added. "We can make a blaze in that fireplace and be comfy. I don't like that window, though." "What window?" asked Jandron. "Where?" Marr laughed, and ignored him. Jandron turned to Vivian, who had sunk down on the "deacon-seat" and was staring at the stove. "Is there a window here?" he demanded. "Don't ask me," she whispered. "I--I don't know." With a very thriving fear in his heart, Jandron peered at her a moment. He fell to muttering: "I'm Wallace Jandron. Wallace Jandron, 37, Ware Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts. I'm quite sane. And I'm going to stay so. I'm going to save her! I know perfectly well what I'm doing. And I'm sane. Quite, quite sane!" After a time of confused and purposeless wrang- ling, they got a fire going and made coffee. This, and cube bouillon with hardtack, helped consider- ably. The camp helped, too. A house, even a poor and broken one, is a wonderful barrier against a Thing from--Outside. Presently darkness folded down. The men smoked, thankful that tobacco still held out. Vivian lay in a bunk that Jandron had piled with spruce boughs for her, and seemed to sleep. The Professor fretted like a child, over the blisters his paddle had made upon his hands. Marr laughed, now and then; though what he might be laughing at was not ap- parent. Suddenly he broke out: "After all, what should It want of us?" "Our brains, of course," the Professor answered, sharply. "That lets Jandron out," the journalist mocked. "But," added the Professor, "I can't imagine a Thing callously destroying human beings. And yet--" He stopped short, with surging memories of his dead wife. "What was it," Jandron asked, "that destroyed all those people in Valladolid, Spain, that time so many of 'em died in a few minutes after having been touched by an invisible Something that left a slight red mark on each? The newspapers were full of it." "Piffle!" yawned Marr. "I tell you," insisted Jandron, "there are forms of life as superior to us as we are to ants. We can't see 'em. No ant ever saw a man. And did any ant ever form the least conception of a man? These Things have left thousands of traces, all over the world. If I had my reference-books--" "Tell that to the marines!" "Charles Fort, the greatest authority in the world on unexplained phenomena," persisted Jandron, "gives innumerable cases of happenings that science can't explain, in his ‘Book of the Damned.' He claims this earth was once a No-Man's land where all kinds of Things explored and colonized and fought for possession. And he says that now every- body's warned off, except the Owners. I happen to remember a few sentences of his: ‘In the past, inhabitants of a host of worlds have dropped here, hopped here, wafted here, sailed, flown, motored, walked here; have come singly, have come in enor- mous numbers; have visited for hunting, trading, mining. They have been unable to stay here, have made colonies here, have been lost here." 