OFF ON A COMET 39 "Another enigma!" exclaimed Servadac; "and still no intelligible signature, and no address. No clearing up of the mystery!" "I have no doubt, in my own mind," said the count, "that it is one of a series. It seems to me probable that they are being sent broadcast upon the sea." "I wonder where the hare-brained savant that writes them can be living?" observed Servadac. "Very likely he may have met with the fate of AEsop's abstracted astronomer, who found himself at the bottom of a well." "Aye; but where is that well?" demanded the captain. This was a question which the count was in- capable of settling; and they could only speculate afresh as to whether the author of the riddles was dwelling upon some solitary island, or, like them- selves, was navigating the waters of the new Med- iterranean. But they could detect nothing to guide them to a definite decision. After thoughtfully regarding the document for some time, Lieutenant Procope proceeded to ob- serve that he believed the paper might be con- sidered as genuine, and accordingly, taking its statements as reliable, he deduced two important conclusions: first, that whereas, in the month of January, the distance traveled by the planet (hypo- thetically called Gallia) had been recorded as 82,- 000,000 leagues, the distance traveled in February was only 59,000,000 leagues--a difference of 23,- 000,000 leagues in one month; secondly, that the distance of the planet from the sun, which on the 15th of February had been 59,000,000 leagues, was on the 1st of March 78,000,000 leagues--an increase of 19,000,000 leagues in a fortnight. Thus, in pro- portion as Gallia receded from the sun, so did the rate of speed diminish by which she traveled along her orbit; facts to be observed in perfect conform- ity with the known laws of celestial mechanism. "And your inference?" asked the count. "My inference," replied the lieutenant, "is a con- firmation of my surmise that we are following an orbit decidedly elliptical, although we have not yet the material to determine its eccentricity," "As the writer adheres to the appellation of Gallia, do you not think," asked the count, "that we might call these new waters the Gallian Sea?" "There can be no l-eason to the contrary, count," replied the lieutenant; "and as such I will insert it upon my new chart." "Our friend," said Servadac, "seems to be more and more gratified with the condition of things; not only has he adopted our motto, ‘Nil desperan- dum!' but see how enthusiastically he has wound up with his ‘Enchantd!' " The conversation dropped. A few hours later the man on watch announced that Gourbi Island was in sight. CHAPTER XVIII AN UNEXPECTED POPULATION THE Dobryna was now back again at the island. Her cruise had lasted from the 31st of January to the 5th of March, a period of thirty-five days (for it was leap year), corresponding to seventy days as accomplished by the new little world. Many a time during his absence Hector Servadac had wondered how his present vicissitudes would end, and he had felt some misgivings as to whether he should ever again set foot upon the island, and see his faithful orderly, so that it was not without emotion that he had approached the coast of the sole remaining fragment of Algerian soil. But his apprehensions were groundless; Gourbi Island was just as he had left it, with nothing unusual in its aspect, except that a very peculiar cloud was hover- ing over it, at an altitude of little more than a hun- dred feet. As the yacht approached the shore, this cloud appeared to rise and fall as if acted upon by some invisible agency, and the captain, after watch- ing it carefully, pei-ceived that it was not an accumu- lation of vapors at all, but a dense mass of birds packed as closely together as a swarm of herrings, and uttering deafening and discordant cries, amidst which from time to time the noise of the report of a gun could be plainly distinguished. The Dobryna signalized her arrival by firing her cannon, and dropped anchor in the little port of the Shelif. Almost within a minute Ben Zoof was seen running, gun in hand, towards the shore; he cleared the last ridge of rocks at a single bound, and then suddenly halted. For a few seconds he stood mo- tionless, his eyes fixed, as if obeying the instruc- tions of a drill sergeant, on a point some fifteen yards distant, his whole attitude indicating sub- mission and respect; but the sight of the captain, who was landing, was too much for his equanimity, and darting forward, he seized his master's hand and covered it with kisses. Instead, however, of uttering any expressions of welcome or rejoicing at the captain's return, Ben Zoof broke out into the most vehement ejaculations. "Thieves, captain! beastly thieves! Bedouins! pirates! devils!" "Why, Ben Zoof, what's the matter?" said Ser- vadac soothingly. "They are thieves! downright, desperate thieves! those infernal birds! That's what's'the matter. It is a good thing you have come. Hei'e have I for a whole month been spending my powder and shot upon them, and the more I kill them, the worse they get; and yet, if I were to leave them alone, we should not have a grain of corn upon the island." It was soon evident that the orderly had only too much cause for alarm. The crops had ripened rapidly during the excessive heat of January, when the orbit of Gallia was being traversed at its peri- helion, and were now exposed to the depredations of many thousands of birds; and although a goodly number of stacks attested the industry of Ben Zoof during the time of the Dobryna's voyage, it was only too apparent that the portion of the harvest that remained ungathered was liable to the most imminent risk of being utterly devoured. It was, perhaps, only natural that this clustered mass of birds, as representing the whole of the feathered tribe upon the surface of Gallia, should resort to Gourbi Island, of which the meadows seemed to be the only spot from which they could get sustenance at all; but as this sustenance would be obtained at the expense, and probably to the serious detriment, of the human population, it wras absolutely neces- sary that every possible resistance should.be made to the devastation that was threatened. Once satisfied that Servadac and his friends would co-operate with him in the raid upon "the thieves," 