THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 87 it in a second. And not a one could tell. In less than forty hours after its first appearance in Oak- land it had consumed a mountain, riven a continent, and was drjnking up an ocean. The tangled sea of the Sargasso, dead calm for ages, was a cataract; a swirling torrent of maddened waters rushed to the opal--and disappeared. It was hellish and out of madness; as beautiful as it was uncanny. The opal high as the Himalayas brooding upon the water; its myriad colors blending, winking in a phantasm of iridescence. The beauty of its light could be seen a thousand miles. A thing out of mystery and out of forces. We had discovered many things and knew much; but had guessed no such thing as this. It was vampirish, and it was literally drinking up the earth. Consequences were immediate. The point of con- tact was fifty miles across, the waters of the At- lantic with one accord turned to the magnet. The Gulf Stream veered straight from its course and out across the Atlantic. The icy currents from the poles freed from the warmer barrier descended along the coasts and thence out into the Sargasso Sea. The temperature of the temperate zone dipped below the point of a blizzard. The first word come out of London. Freezing! And in July! The fruit and entire harvest of north- ern Europe destroyed. Olympic games at Copen- hagen postponed by a foot of snow. The river Seine frozen. Snow falling in New York. Crops nipped with frost as far south as Cape Hatteras. A fleet of airplanes was despatched from the United States and another from the west coast of Africa. Not half of them returned. Those that did reported even more disaster. The reports that were handed in were appalling. They had sailed straight on. It was like flying into the sun; the vividness of the opalescence was blinding, rising for miles above them alluring, drawing and unholy, and of a beauty that was terror. Only the tardy had escaped. It even drew their motors, it was like gravity suddenly become vital- ized and conscious. Thousands of machines vaulted into the opalescence. From those ahead hopelessly drawn and powerless came back the warning. But hundreds could not escape. "Back," came the wireless. "Do not come too close. The thing is a magnet. Turn back before too late. Against this man is insignificant." Then like gnats flitting into fix*e they vanished into the opalescence. The others turned back. The whole world freez- ing shuddered in horror. A great vampire was brooding over the earth. The greatness that man had attained to was nothing. Civilization was tot- tering in a day. We were hopeless. Then came the last revelation; the truth and verity of the disaster and the threatened climax. The water level of all the coast had gone down. Vast ebb tides had gone out not to return. Stretches of sand where had been surf extended far out into the sea. Then the truth! The thing, whatever it was, was drinking up the ocean. CHAPTER VIII. THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH It was tragic; grim, terrible, cosmic. Out of no- where had come this thing that was eating up the earth. Not a thing out of all our science had there been to warn us; not a word from all our wise men. We who had built up our civilization, piece by piece, were after all but insects. We were going out in a maze of beauty into the infinity whence we came. Hour by hour the great orb of opalescence grew in splendor; the effect and the beauty of its lure spread about the earth; thril- ling, vibrant like suppressed music. The old earth helpless. Was it possible that out of her bosom she could not pluck one intelligence to save her? Was there not one law--no answer? Out on the desert with his face to the sun lay the answer. Though almost hopeless there was still some time and enough of near-miracle to save us. A limping fate in the shape of two Indians and a battered runabout at the last moment. Little did the two red men know the value of the two men found that day on the desert. To them the debris of the mighty car and the prone bodies told enough of the story. They were Samaritans; but there are many ages to bless them. As it was there were many hours lost. Without this loss there would have been thousands spared and an almost immeasurable amount of disaster. But we have still to be thankful. Charley Huyck was still living. He had been stunned; battered, bruised, and un- conscious; but he had not been injured vitally. There was still enough left of him to di-ag himself to the old runabout and call for Winters. His com- panion, as it happened, was in even better shape than himself, and waiting. We do not know how they talked the red men out of their relic--whether by coaxing, by threat, or by force. Straight north. Two men battered, worn, bruised, but steadfast, bearing in that limping old motor- car the destiny of the earth. Fate was still on the job, but badly crippled. They had lost many precious hours. Winters had forfeited his right to the thirty thousand. He did not care. He understood vaguely that there was a stake over and above all money. Huyck said nothing; he was too maimed and too much below will-power to think of speaking. What had occurred during the many hours of their unconsciousness was unknown to them. It was not until they came sheer upon the gulf that had been riven straight across the continent that the awful truth dawned on them. To Winters it was terrible. The mere glimpse of that blackened chasm was terror. It was bottom- less; so deep that its depths were cloudy; the misty haze of its uncertain shadows was akin to chaos. He understood vaguely that it was related to that terrible thing they had beheld in the morning. It was not the power of man. Some force had been loosened which was ripping the earth to its vitals. Across the terror of the chasm he made out the dim outlines of the opposite wall. A full twelve miles across. For a moment the sight overcame even Huyck himself. Full well he knew; but knowing, as he did, the full fact of the miracle was even more than he expected. His long years under Robold, his scien- tific imagination had given him comprehension. Not puny steam, nor weird electricity, but force, kinetics--out of the universe. 