40 AMAZING STORIES Ben Zoof became calm and content, and began to make various inquiries. "And what has become," he said, "of all our old comrades in Africa?" "As far as I can tell you," answered the captain, "they are all in Africa still; only Africa isn't by any means where we expected to find it." "And France? Montmartre?" continued Ben Zoof eagerly. Here was the cry of the poor fellow's heart. As briefly as he could, Servadac endeavored to explain the true condition of things; he tried to communicate the fact that Paris, France, Europe, nay, the whole world was more than eighty millions of leagues away from Gourbi Island; as gently and cautiously as he could he expressed his fear that they might never see Europe, France, Paris, Mont- martre again. "No, no, sir!" protested Ben Zoof emphatically; "that is all nonsense. It is altogether out of the question to suppose that we are not to see Mont- martre again." And the orderly shook his head resolutely, with the air of a man determined, in spite of argument, to adhere to his own opinion. "Very good, my brave fellow," replied Servadac, "hope on, hope while you may. The message has- come to us over the sea, ‘Never despair'; but one thing, nevertheless, is certain; we must forthwith commence arrangements for making this island our permanent home." Captain Servadac now led the way to the gourbi, which, by his servant's exertions, had been entirely rebuilt; and here he did the honors of his modest establishment to his two guests, the count and the lieutenant, and gave a welcome, too, to little Nina, who had accompanied them on shore, and between whom and Ben Zoof the most friendly relations had already been established. The adjacent building continued in good preserva- tion, and Captain Servadac's satisfaction was very great in finding the two horses, Zephyr and Galette, comfortably housed in there and in good condition. After the enjoyment of some refreshment, the party proceeded to a general consultation as to what steps must be taken for their future welfare. The most pressing matter that came before them was the consideration of the means to be adopted to enable the inhabitants of Gallia to survive the terri- ble cold, which, in their ignorance of the true ec- centricity of their orbit, might, for aught they knew, last for an almost indefinite period. Fuel was far from abundant; of coal there was none; trees and shrubs were few in number, and to cut them down in prospect of the cold seemed a very questionable policy; but there was no doubt that some expedient must be devised to prevent disaster, and that without delay. The victualing of the little colony offered no immediate difficulty. Water was abundant, and the cisterns could hardly fail to be replenished by the numerous streams that meandered along the plains; moreover, the Gallian Sea would ere long be frozen over, and the melted ice, (water in its congealed state being divested of every particle of salt) would afford a supply of drink that could not be exhausted. The crops that were now ready for the harvest, and the flocks and herds scattered over the island, would form an ample reserve. There was little doubt that throughout the winter the soil would remain unpro- ductive, and no fresh fodder for domestic animals could then be obtained; it would therefore be neces- sary, if the exact duration of Gallia's year should ever be calculated, to proportion the number of animals to be reserved to the real length of the winter. The next thing requisite was to arrive at a true estimate of the number of the population. Without including the thirteen Englishmen at Gibraltar, about whom he was not particularly disposed to give himself much concern at present, Servadac put down the names of the eight Russians, the two Frenchman, and the little Italian girl, eleven in all, as the entire list of the inhabitants of Gourbi Is- land. "Oh, pardon me," interposed Ben Zoof, "you are mistaking the state of the case altogether. You will be surprised to learn that the total of people on the island is double that. It is twenty-two." "Twenty-two!" exclaimed the captain; "twenty- two people on this island? What do you mean?" "The opportunity has not occurred," answered Ben Zoof, "for me to tell you before, but I have had company." "Explain yourself, Ben Zoof," said Servadac. "What company have you had?" "You could not suppose," replied the orderly, "that my own unassisted hands could have accom- plished all that harvest work that you see has been done." "I confess," said Lieutenant Procope, "we do not seem to have noticed that." "Well, then," said Ben Zoof, "if you will be good enough to come with me for about a mile, I shall be able to show you my companions. But we must take our guns," "Why take our guns?" asked Servadac. "I hope we are not going to fight." "No, not with men," said Ben Zoof; "but it does not answer to throw a chance away for giving battle to those thieves of birds." Leaving little Nina and her goat in the gourbi, Servadac, Count Timascheff, and the lieutenant, greatly mystified, took up their guns and followed the orderly. All along their way they made un- sparing slaughter of the birds that hovered over and around them. Nearly every species of the feathered tribe seemed to have its representative in that living cloud. There were wild ducks in thou- sands; snipe, larks, rooks, and swallows; a countless variety of sea-birds--widgeons, gulls, and seamews; beside a quantity of game--quails, partridges, and woodcocks. The sportsmen did their best; every shot told; and the depredators fell by dozens on either hand. Instead of following the northern shore of the island, Ben Zoof cut obliquely across the plain. Making their progress with the unwonted rapidity which was attributable to their specific lightness, Servadac and his companions soon found themselves near a grove of sycamores and eucalyptus massed in picturesque confusion at the base of a little hill. Here they halted. "Ah! the vagabonds! the rascals! the thieves!" suddenly exclaimed Ben Zoof, stamping his foot with rage. "How now? Are your friends the birds at their pranks again?" asked the captain. "No, I don't mean the birds: I mean those lazy beggars that are shirking their wox*k. Look here; 