38 AMAZING STORIES most to regal'd the coming of the child as the ap- pearance of an angel; and, incredible as it may seam, more than one of them wondered whether she had wings, and amongst themselves they commonly referred to her as "the little Madonna." Soon out of sight of Madalena, the Dobryna for some hours held a southeasterly course along the shore, which here was fifty leagues in advance of the former coast-line of Italy, demonstrating that a new continent must have been formed, substituted as it were for the old peninsula, of which not a vestige could be identified. At a latitude corre- sponding with the latitude of Rome, the sea took the form of a deep gulf, extending back far beyond the site of the Eternal City; the coast making a wide sweep round to the former position of Cala- bria, and jutting far beyond the outline of "the boot," which Italy resembles. But the beacon of Messina was not to be discerned; no trace, indeed, survived of any portion of Sicily; the very peak of Etna, 11,000 feet as it had reared itself above the level of the sea, had vanished utterly. Another sixty leagues to the south, and the Dob- ryna sighted the entrance of the strait which had afforded her so pi-ovidential a refuge from the tempest, and had conducted her to the fragmentary relic of Gibraltar. Hence to the Gulf of Cabes had been already explored, and as it was universally al- lowed that it was unnecessary to renew the search in that direction, the lieutenant started off in a transverse course, towards a point hitherto unin- vestigated. That point was reached on the 3rd of March, and thence the coast was continuously fol- lowed, as it led through what had been Tunis, across the province of Constantine, away to the oasis of Ziban; where, taking a sharp turn, it first reached a latitude of 32° N. and then returned again, thus forming a sort of irregular gulf, enclosed by the same unvarying border of mineral concrete. This colossal boundary then stretched away for nearly 150 leagues over the Sahara desert, and, extending to the south of Gourbi Island, occupied what, if Morocco had still existed, would have been its natural frontier. , Adapting her course to these deviations of the coastline, the Dobryna was steering northwards, and had barely reached the limit of the bay, when the attention of all on board was arrested by the phenomenon of a volcano, at least 3,000 feet high, its crater crowned with smoke, which occasionally was streaked by tongues of flame. "A burning mountain!" they exclaimed. "Gallia, then, has some internal heat," said Ser- vadac. "And why not, captain?" rejoined the lieutenant. "If our asteroid has carried with it a portion of the old earth's atmosphere, why should it not like- wise retain something of its central fire?" "Ah, welll" said the captain, shrugging his shoulders, "I dare say there is caloric enough in our little world to supply the wants of its popula- tion." Count Timascheff interrupted the silence that followed this conversation by saying, "And now, gentlemen, as our course has brought us on our way once more towards Gibraltar, what do you say to our renewing our acquaintance with the English- men? They will be interested in the result of our voyage." "For my part," said Servadac, "I have no desire that way. They know where to find Gourbi Island; they can betake themselves thither just when they please. They have plenty of provisions. If the water freezes, 120 leagues is no very great distance. The reception they gave us was not so cordial that we need put ourselves out of the way to repeat our visit." "What you say is too true," replied the count. "I hope we shall show them better manners when they condescend to visit us," "Ay," said Servadac, "we must remember that we are all one people now; no longer Russian, French, or English. Nationality is extinct." "I am sadly afraid, however," continued the count, "that an Englishman will be an Englishman ever." "Yes," said the captain, "that is always their failing." And thus all further thought of making their way again to the little garrison of Gibraltar was abandoned. But even if their spirit of courtesy had disposed them to renew their acquaintance with the British officers, there were two circumstances that just then would have rendered such a proposal very in- advisable. In the first place, Lieutenant Procope was convinced that it could not be much longer now before the sea would be entirely frozen; and, besides this, the consumption of their coal, through the speed they had maintained, had been so great that there was only too much reason to fear that fuel would fail them. Anyhow, the strictest econ- omy was necessary, and it was accordingly resolved that the voyage should not be much prolonged. Be- yond the volcanic peak, moreover, the waters seemed to expand into a boundless ocean, and it might be a thing full of risk to be frozen up while the yacht was so inadequately provisioned. Taking all these things into account, it was agreed that further in- vestigations should be deferred to a more favorable season, and that, without delay, the Dobryna should return to Gourbi Island. This decision was especially welcome to Hector Servadac, who, throughout the whole of the last five weeks, had been agitated by much anxious thought on account of the faithful servant he had left behind. The transit from the volcano to the island was not long, and was marked by only one noticeable incident. This was the finding of a second mysteri- ous document, in character precisely similar to what they had found before. The writer of it was evi- dently engaged upon a calculation, probably con- tinued from day to day, as to the motions of the planet Gallia upon its orbit, and committing the results of his reckonings to the waves as the chan- nel of communication. Instead of being enclosed in a telescope-case, it was this time secured in a preserved-meat tin, hermetically sealed, and stamped with the same initials on the wax that fastened it. The greatest care was used in opening it, and it was found to contain the following message: "Gallia (?) Ab sole, au 1 mars, dist. 78,000,000 1.! Chemin parcouru de fev. a mars: 59,000,000 1 ! Va bene! All right! Nil desperandum! Enchante!" 