54 AMAZING STORIES Isles; this fragment must be very small; it must be smaller than the remaining splinter of Gibraltar or Ceuta; otherwise, surely it would never have es- caped our observation." "However small it may be," replied Servadac, "we must find it. How far off do you suppose it is?" "It must be a hundred and twenty leagues away," said the lieutenant, thoughtfully; "and I do not quite understand how you would propose to get there." "Why, on skates of course; no difficulty in that, I should imagine," answered Servadac, and he ap- pealed to the count for confirmation of his opinion. The count assented, but Procope looked doubtful. "Your enterprise is generous," he said, "and I should be most unwilling to throw any unnecessary obstacle in the way of its execution; but, pardon me, if I submit to you a few considerations which to my mind are very important. First of all, the thermometer is already down to 22° below zero, and the keen wind from the south is making the tem- perature absolutely unendurable; in the second place, supposing you travel at the rate of twenty leagues a day, you would be exposed for at least six consecutive days; and thirdly, your expedition will be of small avail unless you convey provisions not only for yourselves, but for those whom you hope to relieve." "We can carry our own provisions on our backs in knapsacks," interposed Servadac, quickly, un- willing to recognize any difficulty in the way. "Granted that you can," answered the lieutenant, quietly; "but where, on this level ice-field, will you find shelter in your periods of rest? You must perish with cold; you will not have the chance of digging out ice-huts like the Esquimaux." "As to rest," said Servadac, "we shall take none; we shall keep on our way continuously; by traveling day and night without intermission, we shall not be more than three days in reaching Formentera." "Believe me," persisted the lieutenant, calmly, "your enthusiasm is carrying you too far; the feat you propose is impossible; but even conceding the possibility of your success in reaching your destina- tion, what service do you imagine that you, half- starved and half-frozen yourself, could render to those who are already perishing by want and ex- posure? you would only bring them away to die." The obvious and dispassionate reasoning of the lieutenant could not fail to impress the minds of those who listened to him; the impracticability of the journey became more and more apparent; un- protected on that drear expanse, any traveler must assuredly succumb to the snow-drifts that were con- tinually being whirled across it. But Hector Ser- vadac, animated by the generous desire of rescuing a suffering fellow-creature, could scarcely be brought within the bounds of common sense. Against his better judgment he was still bent upon the expedition, and Ben Zoof declared himself ready to accompany his master in the event of Count Timascheff hesitating to encounter the peril which the undertaking involved. But the count entirely repudiated all idea of shrinking from what, quite as much as the captain, he regarded as a sacred duty, and turning to Lieutenant Procope, told him that unless some better plan could be devised, he was prepared to start off at once and make the at- tempt to skate across to Formentera. The lieuten- ant, who was lost in thought, made no immediate reply. "I wish we had a sledge," said Ben Zoof. "I dare say that a sledge of some sort could be contrived," said the count; "but then we should have no dogs or reindeers to draw it." "Why not rough-shoe the two horses?" "They would never be able to endure the cold," objected the count. "Never mind," said Servadac, "let us get our sledge and put them to the test. Something must be done!" "I think," said Lieutenant Procope, breaking his thoughtful silence, "that I can tell you of a sledge already provided for your hand, and I can suggest a motive power surer and swifter than horses." "What do you mean ?" was the eager inquiry. "I mean the Dobryna's yawl," answered the lieu- tenant; "and I have no doubt that the wind would carry her rapidly along the ice." The idea seemed admirable. Lieutenant Procope was well aware to what marvelous perfection the Americans had brought their sail-sledges, and had heard how in the vast prairies of the United States they had been known to outvie the speed of an ex- press train, occasionally attaining a rate of more than a hundred miles an hour. The wind was still blowing hard from the south, and assuming that the yawl could be propelled with a velocity of about fifteen or at least twelve leagues an hour, he reck- oned that it was quite possible to reach Formentera within twelve hours, that is to say, in a single day between the intervals of sunrise and sunrise. The yawl was about twelve feet long, and capable of holding five or six people. The addition of a couple of iron runners would be all that was requisite to convert it into an excellent sledge, which, if a sail were hoisted, might be deemed certain to make a rapid progress over the smooth surface of the ice. For the protection of the passengers it was proposed to erect a kind of wooden roof lined with strong cloth; beneath this could be packed a supply of pro- visions, some warm furs, some cordials, and a port- able stove to be heated by spirits of wine. For the outward journey the wind was as favor- able as could be desired; but it was to be apprehend- ed that, unless the direction of the wind should change, the return would be a matter of some diffi- culty; a system of tacking might be carried out to a certain degree, but it was not likely that the yawl would answer her helm in any way corresponding to what would occur in the open sea. Captain Servadac, however, would not listen to any representation of probable difficulties; the future, he said, must pro- vide for itself. The engineer and several of the sailors set vigor- ously to work, and before the close of the day the yawl was furnished with a pair of stout iron run- ners, curved upwards in front, and fitted with a metal fin designed to assist in maintaining the directness of her course; the roof was put on, and beneath it were stored the provisions, the wraps, and the cooking utensils. A strong desire was expressed by Lieutenant Procope that he should be allowed to accompany Captain Servadac instead of Count Timascheff. It was inadvisable for all three of them to go, as, in case of there being several persons to be rescued, the 