FREE RAILROAD FARE Learn Electricity In the Great Shops of In 12 Weeks Earn $60 to $200 a week COYNE IMPORTANT NOTE: COYNE does not teach by correspondence but by practical, personal training in the great COYNE Shops MAKE this the most profitahlc and enjoyable season of your life. Come to Chicago, on beautiful Lake Mich- igan, the greatest Spring and Summer Resort City in the country and the Greatest Electrical Center in the World. Twelve weeks from now you can be an Electrical Expert no matter what you are doing today. I stake my reputation and that of the great Million Dollar Institution I head, with its 28 years of honest successful methods. 1 have started thousands of men, young and old. on the road to real success and happi- ness. I can do the same for you. HI pay your Railroad Kate from any place in the United Slates. Clip Coupon NOW for Full Particulars, and for my Big, New, Free Book. Don't miss this opporiunity. Learn in Chicago, the Electrical Center of the World Master Electricity right in the Electrical Center of the World. You see everything Electrical here. Alone with my Shop Training you visit the big organizations and power plants-- you see the greatest electrical plantu in the, world. Great Summer Resort City Chicago on the beautiful Lake Michigan. Is the Nation's Spring and Summer Playground. Free Bathing Beaches, Beautiful Parks, Excursion Boats and the great Municipal Pier, Zoos, Ball Parks. The daylight airing plan makes it possible for you to enjoy all this, and still have plenty of time for your electrical education. Complete Electrical Training in 12 Weeks Get my Free Book. See how I train you for the Big Jobs in Electricity by actual work on the largest outlay of Electrical Machinery in any school in the country. Everything from Doorbells to Power Plants. Everything to make you an Electrical Expert, ready to stop right into a position paying from $60 to $200 a week. You Don't Need Education or Experience It makes no difference how little Education, Mathematics or Experience you have had, or what kind of work you are doing now, I'll make you an Electrical Expert through the Coyne LEARN-BY-DOING METHOD! I've done it for thousands. I will do it for you. Send for my Big Free Book. See how great is the demand for Coyne Trained Electrical Experts. Earn While You Learn My Employment Department helps you get a job to earn a good part of your expenses and assists you to a good job on graduation. This great organization will al- ways be behind you. Hear Coyne on the Air -- WGES-- 250 Meters Hear the Coyne Radio Station on the air each night. Always an Interesting program. Listen to the famous COYNE student orchestra and other talented students. H.C. LEWIS President COYNE FOUNDED 1899 ELECTRICAL SCHOOL Dept. 1304 1300-10 W. Harrison St., CHICAGO, ILL. SPECIAL OFFER I Pay Your Railroad Fare Radio and Auto Courses Included FREE! I'll pay your Rail- road fare to Chi- cago from any place in the U.S. if you act quick. And right now I am including ab- solutely free of extra charge my complete Radio Course and Auto. Truck nnd Tractor Electricity. Clip Coupon Now! Send Coupon NOW for my Big New FREE Electrical Book Right now I am making the greatest offer ever made by a Practical Training Institution. Even if you are not planning on coming right now don't delay a single minute. Send coupon right away for full details. No obligation at all. Remember Coyne is a School with an estab- lished reputation. Endorsed by Electrical Industry. Backed by over a Quarter of a Cen- tury of Success. You owe it to yourself to investigate. Act NOW! SUCCESS COUPON H. C. LEWIS, President, COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL 1300-10 W. Harrison Street Dept. 1304 Chicago, Illinois Dear H.C. -- I sure want one of those big hand- some 12x15 books, with 151 actual photographs printed in two colors. Send it quick. I'll be look- ing for it on the next mail. I want the facts with- out placing me under any obligation. Be sure and tell me all about the Free Railroad Fare and Two Free Courses. Name............................................ Address......................................... 