154 WEIRD TALES picion. The structure probably dated from about 1760. Of the history of the van der Heyls very little is known. They remained en- tirely aloof from their normal neighbors, employed negro servants brought directly from Africa and speaking little English, and educated their children privately and at European colleges. Those of them who went out into the world were soon lost to sight, though not before gaining evil repute for association with Black Mass groups and cults of even darker significance. Around the dreaded house a straggling village arose, populated by Indians and later by renegades from the surrounding country, which bore the dubious name of Chorazin. Of the singular hereditary strains which afterward appeared in the mixed Chorazin villagers, several mono- graphs have been written by ethnologists. Just behind the village, and in sight of the van der Heyl house, is a steep hill crowned with a peculiar ring of ancient standing stones which the Iroquois always regarded with fear and loathing. The origin and nature of the stones, whose date, according to archeological and cli- matological evidence, must be fabulously early, is a problem still unsolved. From about 1795 onward, the legends of the incoming pioneers and later popu- lation have much to say about strange cries and chants proceeding at certain sea- sons from Chorazin and from the great house and hill of standing stones; though there is reason to suppose that the noises ceased about 1872, when the entire van der Heyl household--servants and all-- suddenly and simultaneously disappeared. Thenceforward the house was deserted; for other disastrous events--including three unexplained deaths, five disappear- ances, and four cases of sudden insanity-- occurred when later owners and interested visitors attempted to stay in it. The house, village, and extensive rural areas on all sides reverted to the state and were auctioned off in the absence of discover- able van der Heyl heirs. Since about 1890 the owners (successively the late Charles A. Shields and his son Oscar S. Shields, of Buffalo) have left the entire property in a state of absolute neglect, and have warned all inquirers not to visit the region. Of those known to have approached the house during the last forty years, most were occult students, police officers, newspaper men, and odd characters from abroad. Among the latter was a mysteri- ous Eurasian, probably from Cochin- China, whose later appearance with blank mind and bizarre mutilations excited wide press notice in 1903. Mr. Typers diary--a book about 6 x 3½ inches in size, with tough paper and an oddly durable binding of thin sheet metal--was discovered in the possession of one of the decadent Chorazin villagers on November 16, 1935, by a state police- man sent to investigate the rumored col- lapse of the deserted van der Heyl man- sion. The house had indeed fallen, obvi- ously from sheer age and decrepitude, in the severe gale of November 12. Disin- tegration was peculiarly complete, and no thorough search of the ruins could be made for several weeks. John Eagle, the swarthy, simian-faced, Indian-like vil- lager who had the diary, said that he found the book quite near the surface of the debris, in what must have been an upper front room. Very little of the contents of the house could be identified, though an enormous and astonishingly solid brick vault in the cellar (whose ancient iron door had to be blasted open because of the strangely figured and perversely tenacious lock) remained intact and presented several