FROM BEYOND 229 can see that and many other invisible things now. "Listen to me! The waves from that thing are waking a thousand sleeping senses in us; senses which we inherit from eons of evolution from the state of de- tached electrons to the state of organic humanity. I have seen truth, and I in- tend to show it to you. Do you wonder how it will seem? I will tell you." Here Tillinghast seated himself direct- ly opposite me, blowing out his candle and staring hideously into my eyes. "Your existing sense-organs--ears first, I think--will pick up many of the im- pressions, for they are closely connected with the dormant organs. Then there will be others. You have heard of the pineal gland? I laugh at the shallow en- docrinologist, fellow-dupe and fellow- parvenu of the Freudian. That gland is the great sense organ of organs--I have found out. It is like sight in the end, and transmits visual pictures to the brain. If you are normal, that is the way you ought to get most of it . . .I mean get most of the evidence from beyond." I looked about the immense attic room with the sloping south wall, dimly lit by rays which the everyday eye cannot see. The far corners were all shadows, and the whole place took on a hazy unreality which obscured its nature and invited the imagination to symbolism and phantasm. During the interval that Tillinghast was silent I fancied myself in some vast and incredible temple of long-dead gods; some vague edifice of innumerable black stone columns reaching up from a floor of damp slabs to a cloudy height beyond the range of my vision. The picture was very vivid for a while, but gradually gave way to a more horrible conception; that of utter, absolute soli- tude in infinite, sightless, soundless space. There seemed to be a void, and nothing more, and I felt a childish fear which prompted me to draw from my hip pocket the revolver I always carried after dark since the night I was held up in East Providence. Then, from the farther- most regions of remoteness, the sound softly glided into existence. It was in- finitely faint, subtly vibrant, and unmis- takably musical, but held a quality of sur- passing wildness which made its impact feel like a delicate torture of my whole body. I felt sensations like those one feels when accidentally scratching ground glass. Simultaneously there developed something like a cold draft, which ap- parently swept past me from the direction of the distant sound. As I waited breath- lessly I perceived that both sound and wind were increasing; the effect being to give me an odd notion of myself as tied to a pair of rails in the path of a gigantic approaching locomotive. I began to speak to Tillinghast, and as I did so all the unusual impressions ab- ruptly vanished. I saw only the man, the glowing machine, and the dim apartment Tillinghast was grinning repulsively at the revolver which I had almost uncon- sciously drawn, but from his expression I was sure he had seen and heard as much as I, if not a great deal more. I whis- pered what I had experienced, and he bade me remain as quiet and receptive as possible. "Don't move," he cautioned, "for in these rays we are able to be seen as well as to see. I told you the servants left, but I didn't tell you how. It was that thick- witted housekeeper--who turned on the lights downstairs after I had warned her not to, and the wires picked up sympa- thetic vibrations. It must have been frightful--I could hear the screams up here in spite of all I was seeing and hear- ing from another direction, and later it was rather awful to find those empty heaps