What Strange Powers Did The Ancients Possess? EVERY important discovery relating to mind power, sound thinking and cause and effect, as applied to self-advancement, was known centuries ago, before the masses could read and write. Much has been written about the wise men of old. A popular fallacy has it that their secrets of personal power and successful living were lost to the world. Knowledge of nature's laws, accumulated through the ages, is never lost. At times the great truths possessed by the sages were hidden from unscrupulous men in high places, but never destroyed. Why Were Their Secrets Closely Guarded? Only recently, as time is measured; not more than twenty generations ago, less than 1/100th of 1% of the earth's people were thought capable of receiving basic knowledge about the laws of life, for it is an elementary truism that knowledge is power and that power cannot be entrusted to the ignorant and the unworthy. Wisdom is not readily attainable by the gen- eral public; nor recognized when right within reach. The average person absorbs a multi- tude of details about things, but goes through life without ever knowing where and how to acquire mastery of the fundamentals of the inner mind--that mysterious silent something which "whispers" to you from within. Fundamental Laws of Nature Your habits, accomplishments and weaknesses are the effects of causes. Your thoughts and actions are governed by fundamental laws. Ex- ample: The law of compensation is as funda- mental as the laws of breathing, eating and sleeping. All fixed laws of nature are as fas- cinating to study as they are vital to under- stand for success in life. You can learn to find and follow every basic law of life. You can begin at any time to dis- cover a whole new world of interesting truths. You can start at once to awaken your inner powers of self-understanding and self-advance- ment. You can learn from one of the world's oldest institutions, first known in America in 1694. Enjoying the high regard of hundreds of leaders, thinkers and teachers, the order is known as the Rosicrucian Brotherhood. Its complete name is the "Ancient and Mystical Order Rosae Crucis," abbreviated by the ini- tials "AMORC." The teachings of the Order are not sold, for it is not a commercial organi- zation, nor is it a religious sect. It is a non- profit fraternity, a brotherhood in the true sense. Not For General Distribution Sincere men and women, in search of the truth --those who wish to fit in with the ways of the world--are invited to write for complimen-tary copy of the sealed booklet, "The Secret Heritage." It tells how to contact the librarian of the archives of AMORC for this rare knowledge. This booklet is not intended for general distribution; nor is it sent without re- quest. It is therefore suggested that you write for your copy to Scribe E. Z. Z. THE ROSICRUCIANS [AMORC] San Jose California