WEIRD TALES 148 I felt a sob of sympathy rise in my throat. Too often I had heard that vital simulation when air was forced between a corpse's lips by sudden pressure. No physician of experience, no morgue at- tendant, no embalmer can be fooled by that. . . . "Mordieu, I think ... I think--" de Grandin's soft, excited whisper sound- ed from the bed. He had leant back, releasing pressure on the corpse, and as he did so I was startled to observe a swelling of the lower thorax. Of course it could be nodiing but mechanical re- action, the natural tendency of air to rush into an emptied space, I told myself, but . . . He bent forward swiftly, pushing down upon the body with both hands, retained the pressure for a moment, then swung back again. Forward--back; for- ward--back, twenty times a minute by the swiftly-clicking second hand of his wrist watch he went through the move- ments of the Schaefer method of forced respiration, patiently, methodically, al- most mechanically. I shook my head despairingly. This hopeless labor, this unfounded opti- mism . . . "Quick, quick, my friend, the supra- renalin!" he gasped. "Put fifteen minims in the syringe, and hurry, if you please. I can feel a little, so small stirring here, but we must perform a cardiocentesis!" I hastened to the surgery to prepare the suprarenal extract, hopeless as I knew the task to be. No miracle of medicine could revive a woman dead and buried almost twenty years. I had not spent a lifetime as a doctor to no purpose; death was death, and this was death if I had ever seen it. De Grandin poised the trocar's point against the pallid flesh beneath the swell of the left breast, and I saw the pale skin dimple, as though it winced instinctively. He thrust with swift, relentless pres- sure, and I marveled at the skill which guided pointed, hollow needle straight into the heart, yet missed the tangled maze of vein and artery. Aksakoff was on his knees, hands clasped, eyes dosed, prayers in strangled Russian gushing from his livid lips. De Grandin pressed the plunger home, shoot- ing the astringent mixture deep into a heart which had not felt warm blood in half a generation. A quick, spasmodic shudder shook the pallid body and I could have sworn I saw the lowered eyelids flutter. The Frendiman gazed intently in the calm, immobile face a moment; then: "Non?" he whispered tensely. "Pardieu, I say you shall! I will it!" Snatching up a length of sterile gauze he folded it across her lightly parted lips, drew a deep breath and laid his mouth to hers. I saw his temple-veins stand out as he drained his lungs of air, raised his head to gasp more breath, then bent and breathed again straight in the corpse's mouth. Tears stood in his eyes, his cheeks seemd losing every trace of color, he was becoming cyanotic. "Stop it, de Grandin!" I exclaimed. "It's no use, man, you're simply--" "Triomphe, victoîre; succès!" he gasped exultantly. "She breathes, she lives, my friends; we have vanquished twenty years of death. Embrasse-moi!" Before I real- ized what he was about he had thrown both arms around me and planted a re- sounding kiss on both cheeks, then served the Russian in like manner. "Nikakova--Nikakova, radost moya-- joy of life!" sobbed Aksakoff. The al- most-golden lashes fluttered for an in- stant; then a pair of gray-green eyes looked vaguely toward the sobbing man, unfocussed, unperceiving, like the eyes of