162 WEIRD TALES standing stones, which lies behind the village and some distance north of the house. I had heard that there was a path from the house leading up that hill to the primal cromlech, and had suspected that at certain seasons the van der Heyls had much occasion to use it; but the whole matter had hitherto lain latent in my con- sciousness. The present sounds consisted of a shrill piping intermingled with a pe- culiar and hideous sort of hissing or whistling, a bizarre, alien kind of music, like nothing which the annals of Earth describe. It was very faint, and soon faded, but the matter has set me thinking. It is toward the hill that the long, north- erly "ell" with the secret chute, and the locked brick vault under it, extend. Can there be any connection which has so far eluded me? April 25 I HAVE made a peculiar and disturbing discovery about the nature of my im- prisonment. Drawn toward the hill by a sinister fascination, I found the briars giv- ing way before me, but in that direction only. There is a ruined gate, and beneath the bushes the traces of an old path no doubt exist. The briars extend part-way up and all around the hill, though the summit with the standing stones bears only a curious growth of moss and stunted grass. I climbed the hill and spent sev- eral hours there, noticing a strange wind which seems always to sweep around the forbidding monoliths and which some- times seems to whisper in an oddly ar- ticulate though darkly cryptic fashion. These stones, both in color and in tex- ture, resemble nothing I have seen else- where. They are neither brown nor gray, but rather of a dirty yellow merging into an evil green and having a suggestion of chameleon-like variability. Their texture is queerly like that of a scaled serpent, and is inexplicably nauseous to the touch --being as cold and clammy as the skin of a toad or other reptile. Near the cen- tral menhir is a singular stone-rimmed hollow which I cannot explain, but which may possibly form the entrance to a long- choked well or tunnel. When I sought to descend the hill at points away from the house I found the briars intercepting me as before, though the path toward the house was easily re-traceable. April 26 UP ON the hill again this evening, and found that windy whispering much more distinct. The almost angry hum- ming came close to actual speech, of a vague, sibilant sort, and reminded me of the strange piping chant I had heard from afar. After sunset there came a curious flash of premature summer lightning on the northern horizon, followed almost at once by a queer detonation high in the fading sky. Something about this phe- nomenon disturbed me greatly, and I could not escape the impression that the noise ended in a kind of unhuman hissing speech which trailed off into guttural cos- mic laughter. Is my mind tottering at last, or has my unwarranted curiosity evoked unheard-of horrors from the twilight spaces? The Sabbat is close at hand now. What will be the end? April 27 AT LAST my dreams are to be realized! Whether or not my life or spirit or body will be claimed, I shall enter the gateway! Progress in deciphering those crucial hieroglyphs in the picture has been slow, but this afternoon I hit upon the final clue. By evening I knew their mean- ing--and that meaning can apply in only one way to the things I have encountered in this house. There is beneath this house--sep-