THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 215 hands. For one wild half-instant I thought of flight, then knew with a throat-stop- ping certainty that I must not turn my back on this thing. I planted my feet and clenched by fists. "Who's there?" I cried, as once before at the side of the brook. This time I had an answer. It was a hoarse, deep-chested rumble, it might have been a growl or an oath. And a shadow stole out from the lane, straight- ening up almost within reach of me. I had seen that silhouette before, mis- shapen and point-eared, in the dining- room of John Gird. 7. "Had the Thing Been So Hairy?" It did not charge at once, or I might have been killed then, like John Gird, and the writing of this account left to another hand. While it closed cautiously in, I was able to set myself for defense. I also made out some of its details, and hysterically imagined more. Its hunched back and narrow shoulders gave nothing of weakness to its appear- ance, suggesting rather an inhuman pleni- tude of bone and muscle behind. At first it was crouched, as if on all-fours, but then it reared. For all its legs were bent, its great length of body made it consider- ably taller than I. Upper limbs--I hesi- tate at calling them arms--sparred quest- ingly at me. I moved a stride backward, but kept my face to the enemy. "You killed Gird!" I accused it, in a voice steady enough but rather strained and shrill. "Come on and kill me! I promise you a damned hard bargain of it." The creature shrank away in turn, as though it understood the words and was momentarily daunted by them. Its head, which I could not make out, sank low before those crooked shoulders and swayed rhythmically like the head of a snake before striking. The rush was com- ing, and I knew it "Come on!" I dared it again. "What are you waiting for? I'm not chained down, like Gird. I'll give you a devil of a fight." I had my fists up and I feinted, boxer- wise, with a little weaving jerk of the knees. The blot of blackness started vio- lently, ripped out a snarl from somewhere inside it, and sprang at me. I had an impression of paws flung out and a head twisted sidewise, with long teeth bared to snap at my throat. Prob- ably it meant to clutch my shoulders with its fingers--it had them, I had felt them on my knee at the séance. But I had planned my own campaign in those tense seconds. I slid my left foot forward as the enemy lunged, and my left fist drove for the muzzle. My knuckles barked against the huge, inhuman teeth, and I brought over a roundabout right, with shoulder and hip driving in back of it. The head, slanted as it was, received this right fist high on the brow. I felt the impact of solid bone, and the body floun- dered away to my left. I broke ground right, turned and raised my hands as be- fore. "Want any more of the same?" I taunted it, as I would a human antago- nist after scoring. The failure of its attack had been only temporary. My blows had set it off bal- ance, but could hardly have been decisive. I heard a coughing snort, as though the thing's muzzle was bruised, and it quar- tered around toward me once more. Widiout warning and with amazing speed it rushed. I had no time to set myself now. I did try to leap backward, but I was not quick enough. It had me, gripping the lapels of my coat and driving me down and over with its flying weight. I felt the wet