242 WEIRD TALES the old Santa Cruz--Island of the Holy Cross--named by Columbus himself on his second voyage; once famous for its rum. It was to Jaffray Da Silva that Mr. Lee at last turned for definite information about the local magic; information which, after a two-months' residence, accompa- nied with marked improvement in his general health, he had come to regard as imperative, from the whetting glimpses he had received of its persistence on the island. Contact with local customs, too, had sufficiently blunted his inherited sensibili- ties, to make him almost comfortable, as he sat with Mr. Da Silva on the cool gal- lery of that gentleman's beautiful house, in the shade of forty years' growth of bougainvillea, on a certain afternoon. It was the restful gossipy period between 5 o'clock and dinnertime. A glass jug of foaming rum-swizzel stood on the table between them. "But, tell me, Mr. Da Silva," he urged, as he absorbed his second glass of the cooling, mild drink, "have you ever, ac- tually, been confronted with a 'Jumbee'? --ever really seen one? You say, quite frankly, that you believe in them!" This was not the first question about Jumbees that Mr. Lee had asked. He had consulted planters; he had spoken of the matter of Jumbees with courteous, intelli- gent, colored storekeepers about the town, and even in Christiansted, St. Croix's other and larger town on the north side of the island. He had even mentioned the matter to one or two coal-black sugar- field laborers; for he had been on the island just long enough to begin to under- stand--a little--the weird jargon of speech which Lafcadio Hearn, when he visited St. Croix many years before, had not recognized as English! There had been marked differences in what he had been told. The planters and storekeepers had smiled, though with varying degrees of intensity, and had re- plied that the Danes had invented Jum- bees, to keep their estate-laborers indoors after nightfall, thus ensuring a proper night's sleep for them, and minimizing the depredations upon growing crops. The laborers whom he had asked, had rolled their eyes somewhat, but, it being broad daylight at the time of the inqui- ries, they had broken their impassive grav- ity with smiles, and sought to impress Mr. Lee with their lofty contempt for the be- liefs of their fellow blacks, and with queerly-phrased assurances that Jumbee is a figment of the imagination. Nevertheless, Mr. Lee was not satisfied. There was something here that he seemed to be missing,--something extremely in- teresting, too, it appeared to him; some- thing very different from "Bre'r Rabbit" and similar tales of his own remembered childhood in Virginia. Once, too, he had been reading a book about Martinique and Guadeloupe, those ancient jewels of France's crown, and he had not read far before he met the word "Zombi." After that, he knew, at least, that the Danes had not "invented" the Jumbee. He heard, though vaguely, of the laborer's belief that Sven Garik, who had long ago gone back to his home in Sweden, and Garrity, one of the smaller planters now on the island, were "wolves!" Lycanthropy, animal-metamor- phosis, it appeared, formed part of this strange texture of local belief. Mr. Jaffray Da Silva was one-eighth African. He was, therefore, by island usage, "colored," which is as different from being "black" in the West Indies as anything that can be imagined. Mr. Da Silva had been educated in the continental European manner. In his every word and action, he reflected the faultless courtesy of his European forebears. By every right and custom of West Indian society, Mr.