An Illustrated Magazine Printed by Indians JANUARY 1916 Shikellamy The Meaning of the Ute War ssefss I Training Indian Girls for Efficient Homemakers A Woman Without A Country Navajo Notes Published Monthly by THE CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS1.	Thou shalt not wait for something to turn up, but thou shalt pull off thy coat and go to work, so thou mayst prosper in thy affairs and make the word “failure ’ spell success. 2.	Thou shalt not be content to go about thy business look- ing like a bum, for thou shouldst know that thy personal appearance is better than a letter of recommendation. 3.	Thou shalt not make excuses, nor shalt thou say to those who chide thee “I didn’t think. ’ 4.	Thou shalt not wait to be told what thou shalt do, nor in what manner thou shalt do it, for thus may the days be long in the job which fortune hath given thee. 5.	Thou shalt not fail to maintain thine integrity, nor shalt thou be guilty of anything that will lessen thine own respect for thyself. 6.	Thou shalt not covet the other fellow’s job, nor his sal- ary, nor the position he hath gained by his own hard labor. 7.	Thou shalt not fail to live within thine income, nor shalt thou contract any debts which thou canst not see thy way clear to pay. 8.	Thou shalt not be afraid to blow thine own horn, for he who faileth to blow his own horn at the proper occasion, findeth nobody standing ready to blow it for him. 9.	Thou shalt not hesitate to say “No,” when thou meanest “No,” nor shalt thou fail to remember that there are times when it is unsafe to bind thyself by a hasty judgment. 10.	Thou shalt give every man a square deal. This is the last and great commandment, and there is no other like unto it. Upon this commandment hang all the law and profit of the business world. GOOD CITIZENSHIPT T T I	1 Is. J £ magazine touelr in tfje interest of tfje Jtatibe AmericanT&\)t &eb Jllan Volume 8	January, 1916	Number 5 Contents!: The Meaning of the Ute “War” By M. K. Sniffen, Secretary Indian Rights Association 149 Training Indian Girls for Efficient Home Makers— By Elizabeth G. Bender — — — — 154 SHIKELLAMY— An Address by George P. Donehoo, D. D.	- 157 History of Stone Used for Shikellamy Monument— By Christopher Wren - - - - 162 U-Le-Lah, The pocohontas of Florida, or The Princess of Hirrihigua— By Minnie Moore-Willson - - - 165 Indian Blood— From the Piqua (Ohio) Call	- - - 170 A WOMAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY— By Charles E. Waterman	- - -	171 Navajo Notes— By R. W. Shufeldt, Major, Medical Corps, U. S. Army 175 Indian Dances— From the Overland Monthly	- - - 178 PUBLISHED BY U. S. INDIAN SCHOOL. CARLISLE, PA. OSCAR H. LIPPS, Superintendent- Entered as second-class matter. Ten numbers each year. One dollar per year. Printed by Indians of many tribes under the instruction of Arthur G. Brown.v\-£y£yVE.NO \*-\Y>\£s>i NC.VJHCX. *AO>4TThe Meaning of the Ute “War:” y & Sniffen, Secretary Indian Rights Association. ISTORY has repeated itself many times in Indian Affairs, and the recent trouble with the non-reser- vation Utes, in Utah, is merely one of those incidents that were so common in the early days of this country. In order that we might learn what really was be- hind that incident, and what actually happened in that inacessible region, while visiting some Indian reservations I took a horseback trip, last September, from Cortez, Colorado, to Bluff and vicinity in the j.	State of Utah. Sirian °U	there were two distinct elements among these Utes: two re efoups, under the leadership of Polk and Posey (both of whom are USuai| ’ generally, to be lawless and defiant), with no settled homes, but Ind' ^^Ping near Bluff, and a much larger number of industrious Zllm^ *v'ng °n the public domain in Allen Canyon and on the Monte- discri ,ree • *n t*le tr°uble that was developed, however, there was no sarnor"^^011 between the good and the bad—all were regarded in the Th ^ t' 3S- 3 nu*sance (or a hindrance) to the white man. (or Eye ^nnc'Pal character in this affair was the son of Polk, Tse-Ne-Gat dering^w ^.atch, as he is usually called), a Ute Indian accused of mur- newsn a cx‘can sheepherder. This matter was fully exploited in the that se *aSt SPnng’ whcn it was made to appear that all the Utes in resist a 10n WCre °n war*Path, “armed to the teeth,” and prepared to danger^ ?,^Grt *he authorities to arrest Hatch. In view of this marshalState a^a>rs> and the alleged inability of the United States Utah ncar^1	a Possc was organized in Colorado and sent to Bluff, the best i f" ^ t*le *nd'an wanted was supposed to be. According to two-third °frn^at’on * cou*d obtain from people in position to know about class, to \vh° ^ *S ^0sse was comPoscd of the “rough-neck” and “tin-horn” five of thes S.^°ot'ng an Indian would be real sport! Probably twenty- attacked ti\ Cminent c'tizens, fully armed with everything but a warrant, break °S° es wh° were camped near Bluff one morning about day- the Indians were not spoiling for a fight, or even prepared for it,.AXTtiu'fl January is evident from the fact that they did not take the precaution to guard their camp, and they were therefore easily surprised. Indeed, I was in- formed that some of them were unarmed, their guns being in pawn. The posse took positions on both sides of the hills overlooking the Indians camp, in the wash near Bluff, and fired a volley into the tents. Naturally- the Indians were aroused, and thinking they were going to be killed, they tried to escape. Polk and his son, with several other Indians, sought a sheltered spot and returned the fire. Meanwhile, Posey, hearing the shooting, came up from his camp, a mile or so below, as his son was visiting the Bluff contingent. In the brief battle an Indian child was shot through the legs, one Indian who was seeking shelter was killed, and a member ol the posse was also killed. And the attempt to arrest Hatch ingloriously failed. Later, Mancos Jim, at the urgent request of the whites at Bluff, visited the camp of the Indians and induced the men to surrender. As they were coming towards the town Polk and Posey and a few of their followers escaped. Several of the Indians were made prisoners and confined in a second-story room over the Zion Co-operative Store at Bluff. They were shackled hand and foot and armed guards placed in charge of them- After the posseman was killed his friends were eager to “shoot anythin? that looked like an Indian”; and it was not strange to learn that one of the prisoners who “attempted to escape” by jumping from the second' story window was shot to death. The prisoners were securely ironed incapable of doing serious harm to the armed guards, who were fully Prf pared for any emergency. It is claimed by one of the prisoners, after his release, that the guards indulged in the “gentle” pastime of holding guflS to their heads and against their bodies, at the same time threatening shoot. In view of these circumstances, it would seem that the killing 0 the prisoner was a deliberate act of vengeance, and wholly unnecessary' since he could readily have been restrained by physical force.	, The rest of the "dangerous” Indians were driven from the vicinity 0 Bluff and started up the San Juan River for the Navajo Reservation* Bluff was strongly guarded by the posse, but no protection was arrange0 for the traders and the Government farmer, with their families, on who these Indians were turned loose. A warning was not even sent the®®' What happened? Those so-called dangerous Indians stopped at tj* traders’ stores, bought some supplies, and camped among or near t Navajos, and no one was disturbed!	^ I After the bungling attempt to arrest Hatch, the posse camped at and merely “marked time.” General Hugh L. Scott, of the United Army, was sent by the Government to handle the situation. Incidents / the first thing he did was to disband the posse. Then he went out to t few belligerent Indians and had no trouble in inducing them to surrenderucac^ t TheEedMan ► . 151.....« ■ML ndi^jllk<A..jib l^tftl .ill irfftk.A «*Ah^Ah-dll>«.u Jm* ^xs^jsstjj |n spite of the fact that one of the Mormons at Bluff said he “would have t°cn willing to bet a thousand dollars that Scott could not bring those Indians in.” Subsequently, Hatch was tried in the Federal Court at Denver on the arge of murder. The case of the Government was so weak, and the argument of the defense so convincing, that it took the jury less than five m'nutes to return a verdict of “not guilty.” The evidence against Hatch beh’ *nsu^c*ent> i° the first place, and had there been no other motive *nd this effort, opportunities were not lacking when he could have been arrested in Bluff. But the case against Hatch was only a pretext for omething else. One of the Mormons declared that “when they get atch, they will take all the other Indians away from this part of Utah.” or many years, one hundred or more Indians made their homes in SaCn ^anyon and on the Montezuma Creek (on the public domain) in Juan County, Utah. They were industrious, peaceable and self- field. r and a number of them had built permanent homes, had fenced S| and were making good progress. That part of Allen Canyon where ^ancos Jim and his band lived is now included in a National Forest asid^^6 ^aS 3 certifica*e stating that “the Forest Service has set an ,e j^e allotment for the said Mancos Jim and his little band of Indians, a trespassers will be dealt with according to law.” •	, s ^°on as the posse arrived in Bluff the cattlemen rode among these thr S n°US ^nclians in Allen Canyon and along Montezuma Creek, and by th an<^ intimidating methods so frightened them that they fled for A as believed. s has been stated, there was also a lawless element of the Utes, several sniall b 1 c ’ ”aa------- down ^ them, without permanent homes, who “drifted” up and the In «iu«u,s and whites. Had they U^en Urr.11 C__t.	. _ J the I a,.°ng t*le San Juan River, and undoubtedly caused trouble among been Ians and whites. Had they been taken in hand, it would have *Uth ^°r a" concerned. Even now steps should be taken by the orities,to bring that element under law and discipline. situat C| ^.r*nc'Pal industry in San Juan County, Utah, in which Bluff is had h ' 18 stoc^ business. The herds and flocks of the white men them Cp StGadi,y increasing, and the question of range was bothering ijiain' °nsequently, they wanted to get the Indians off the public do- afforded ^aVe undisputed possession of the range. The Hatch incident c°ver 1 uUSt °PP°rtunity they were looking for. It was then dis- their G °w . dangerous” the Utes were; they must be “returned” to vationCSerV't*°n' ^^ile tbey are registered on the Ute Mountain reser- Were u’ n ^0l0rado, as a matter of fact, most of the Indians concerned It l™ and raised in the sections where they had been living. encou S °U^ a^S° noted that a law was enacted by Congress in 1884 to rage Indians to leave the reservation and settle on the public do-152 '! '’y	jiriy^gaaF-^ii.. ''nr^ai^'^l J.|- inillillll •IIOII*. ■UMMIIIl 'Ik *■ January •Sj main; and that under the fourth section of the Severalty Act of 1887 they could be protected in their holdings. These Indians had done the very thing that Congress had sought to encourage, namely, to maintain them- selves off the reservation, and their rights should be protected in every possible way. In the face of these facts, it is extraordinary that an official of the Indian Service, located in Utah, took the ground that these Indians ought to be put on the reservation and forced to stay there if it took troops to accomplish that result! The Ute Mountain Reservation, to which these Indians nominally be- long, is a tract of 480,000 acres (in southwestern Colorado), but not more than 10,000 acres of it is capable of irrigation, if water could be secured- At the present time there is no more water than is needed for the Indians who are permanently located on the reservation, and if any additional number were put there it would work a great hardship on all of them- These non-reservation Utes were “making good,” and they certainly should not be forced to go on a reservation unless they could be given something at least as good as that which they are asked to give up. To forcibly remove them now would mean to sweep away all the progress they have made in industry, self-support, and self-respect, to say nothing of the discouragement incident to making another start under adverse circumstances. In fact, they could not make a living on the reservation under present conditions; they would have to be put on a ration basis; reduced from a progressive, independent element to an absolutely depend- ent class—certainly a distinct backward step. At the present time these industrious Utes are camped on or near the extension of the Navajo Reservation, in southeastern Utah. Many of them, in their hurried leaving, had to abandon their stock and other possessions. One of them told me how he had developed his home on Montezuma Creek; the way he was ordered away by armed cowboys, the loss of his stock, etc., and his desire to go back to it. He said, “Washing- ton no savvy; no talk. If Washington talk, ‘You go back,’ I say ‘all right: give me paper; I go back.’ Me have good ranch; nice place. Now, no home, no land, no water. Navajo Springs no good.” He is only one of a number. This progressive element is now at a standstill, waiting to see what the Government intends to do on their behalf. They contend that the Navajo Springs Reservation is “no good, no wood, no water.” And they are right; I visited the reservation. At present they have nothing to do but draw rations twice a month. If some steps are not soon taken to change their status trouble is likely to develop. It is not a good plaI1 to have a hundred or more Indians “sit down, every day all same Sun- day.” Furthermore, it is not just to the Navajos; their range is limited* and bringing on additional stock will not improve conditions. In line with the effort to drive out all the Utes from San Juan County-l^crA.'Taaj; January -i| ^xejErjt IK ^<1	■'%. 0~	I, 'J I, TheKedMan „ rn^j&caux p 153 a at the time of my visit the cattlemen were riding around among a number f'avajo families living on the public domain, along the San Juan River, ° ring them to “get out.” These Navajos also have been located there generations; they are industrious and self-supporting, and their rights a so should be respected. It is interesting to note that seven years ago Mr. Levi Chubbuck, then j1 mspector of the Interior Department, was sent to investigate “com- P aints made by the whites against Indians in San Juan County, Utah.” Is reP°rt, submitted under date of August 22, 1908, contained recom- nj5ndations which, had they been properly acted upon, might have ordcd protection for these non-reservation Utes. But nothing was done. In Mr. Chubbuck’s report the opinion is expressed that “the trouble een the whites and the Indians arose largely from a desire on the part •	e whites to acquire more grazing land as their flocks and herds lncreased.” the^cc°rd‘ng to this report, among those who made complaints against ndtans were “the three white men most vitally interested in the graz- ^ Privilege of the district in dispute.” t . r' Chubbuck further states: “The white complainants were surprised st C^rn under the land laws of the United States of the Indian Home- ^ead Act of July 4, 1884, the Indians had a right to go on the public do- e ain and take up land, and that it was the policy of the Indian Office to tra°Ura^e t*lem to do this; that the whole tendency of modern adminis- .. ‘on °f Indian Affairs is in the direction of breaking up rather than con- 1	ating the reservation system.” n spite of this information that was given to those cattlemen, seven th ^ ag°’ as to t*le *ega* r‘ghts of the Indians to be on the public domain, whit W°U*^ not *et the Utes alone. It would seem that there is a class of the i° 111611 'n ^an ^Uan bounty, Utah, that ought to be taught to respect also T	^n'ted States authorities deal not only with them, but . 0 'awless element among the Utes that has caused trouble for both whit^s and Indians. °.v' Gherman Coolidge, President of the Society of American Indians, pj ? ln San Francisco during the past summer, met a Ute boy who was ehanc 8’l,n * ^anc^' ^‘d to h>m> “What you Utes need is a white man’s ra- C<^‘ The boy replied, “No! Give us half a chance and we will take ^reT°hf the other half.” see if th prog.ress‘ve Utes herein referred to are now patiently waiting to chanc " ^™ted States Government intends to give them “a white man’s Ce- Surely they have proved their right to it.Training Indian Girls for Efficient Home Makers: By Elizabeth G. Bender. DO NOT intend to tire the reader with long drawn out stories of broken treaties, the misappropriation of Indian money, nor do I intend to dwell on the sub- ject of how we have been starved and pampered on various reservations. Lamenting over past abuses, hanging around Indian trading stores, demanding certain rights, does not solve the Indian Problem. We hear a great deal about developing leaders for leadership and are apt to forget that our girls are to be the sources of such leadership, too, for they represent our homemakers and homekeepers. In traveling over this great country of ours, I have noticed that the best schools, the most productive farms, the most sanitary conditions exist only where educated fathers and mothers have given their sons and daughters the proper home life. But as I have traveled through the Indian country, I have not seen many homes on this order. The con- ditions are just the reverse. The unkempt homes which are breeding places for filth and disease outnumber the homes of cleanliness and Christian training, and thousands and thousands of acres of Indian lands, rich in undeveloped resources, are lying idle. The time was when the Government school system met the necessary requirements, but it lacks in the fact that it does not teach our girls and boys the real value of labor and the cost of materials. They are not impressed with money values and how much it means to make a living for themselves. Can we expect to develop great, strong Christian leaders in spite o such home conditions? Yes, we can. We can take our youth away from home, send them off to such schools as Haskell, Carlisle, or Hampt0 for a period of years, give them an even better education than these no offer, and have them associate with high minded instructors who sn3* January -i' t Th e EedMan 1.......^.......J .J80]1 them that the home is the very core of any civilization, that the ,63 home shall permeate its environment and bring it into keeping with at of their school. When we shall have done this no girl will be ashamed 0	er people or disgusted with her lot. lish • m C ^nd*an country we find father speaking intelligent Eng- ’ Using the latest implements in farming, thrifty and industrious, will h°U Wonder why his home does not show the result of his labor. You nave to look farther. Does the mother speak English? Does she EcqW an.yt^'nS about food values? Has she had the training of Home nomics and Domestic Science? Does she know anything about S1ng and first aid to the injured? Does she know anything about rganizing Mothers’ Clubs and Girls’ Clubs for the advancement and catio011601 ^er community? ^ou w'" that that side of her edu- IOn has been neglected. As no people advance any faster than their my en and the home is conceded to be the core of the Indian problem, P ea is that these Indian girls should receive a fair chance, y	y the large Indian schools have trade schools in which our afte g men are taught the various trades, but the Indian girls must day w , ^o the menial drudgery of the school, working in the laundry, ^Jng dishes, with little time for recreation and play, dia ,re 3nd more we are beginning to appreciate the fact that the In- Hom p a'°ng with this sort of work must be given a thorough course in a jj conomics and Domestic Science. The Indian girl was naturally jentIn?maker even in the days of savagery. She it was who pitched ’ 1 ed the little garden, and at that early stage made something of Carl hCr r°aming P^°Ple- jja ’.f°r the first time in its history, has installed such a course. real tas^ t'1*S ^Car a m°del home cottage, in which the girls get a t° C0(^ ° home-life for a month. Here our girls are being trained how Pare th °VCr & cornmon stove, to take care of kerosene lamps, and to pre- this modmea a day *n t^10 most wholesome and economical way. In eggs ^ , cottage she is to learn the art of cooking cereals, vegetables, and the ' rea^’ ca^e> and pastry, besides the proper setting of a table ning .[)reParation and serving of family meals. Invalid cookery, can- the cour™ vegetab'cs. jelly making and pickling will be a part of needful*-56	a*so learn how to do the plain, everyday sewing, so I beli"1 a h°me °f this kind- and1CVe ^1at t*1*S S°rt training will give her a broader outlook on her as a ,m ^er realize the tremendous responsibility that confronts appreci or”ema^er' She will look upon her lot as a sacred calling and ^0n e l.le dignity and nobility of labor, that she* ^°me Economics and Domestic Science, have her realize e> too, has a social problem. Have her study sociology in itsf 156 IV'eaar.jsnl ||uT-	yyt <r TheKedMan R XJ IUl ..iilhb^ii II* January broadest sense so that she shall know the relation of character building to health, recreation, business, and racial welfare. One writer tells us that “Education is not simply the art of developing powers and capacities of the individual; it is rather the fitting of individ- uals for efficient membership. It should fit one for social service. I* should create the good citizen.” My plea is for a broader and more comprehensive education for the girl than has ever been given before. Lastly, we must teach our girls to go out as strong, Christian leaders( for not only must they be good homemakers but also soul savers. I have been in some schools where this side of Christian education was sadly lacking. Do we not boast of belonging to a Christian Nation and are we not all seeking after the same God? Then teach my people more about the Great Spirit, so that they too shall be morally strong. Our girls 3s well as our boys must have great and compelling ideals. These are prac* tical lines along which our girls should be educated. I think that some* thing on this plan will produce the homes we wish to see in the Indian country, the Great West, the land of wonderful opportunities. We are a people that have always lived in the country, fished in the rivers, lived on its hills, raced upon its plains and that is where our home- makers belong. The West is where we wisn to solve the Indian Problem* building up better schools, better churches, and better homes.CHUNA. A NAVAJO WOMAN ‘■Illustration Accompaning "Nawjo Notts. ") • -MEMORIAL TO SHIKELLAMY Erected by .he Ft. Au.urt. Chapter. D. A. R.. in Cooper,,ion with the Penn.ylv.ni, Historical Commission. June, 191$Shikellamy: Address by George P. Donehoo, D. D. [T WOULD not be possible for me, in the time allotted for this address, to give a complete history of the life, character and work of the Oneida chieftain in whose honor we to-day unveil this memorial. To trace all of the in- T — , fluences which had their origin in the relations of this oquois vicegerent with the Province of Pennsylvania would require a ** discussion of the Indian policy of colonial Pennsylvania, and all of oj!e 'rar'ed developments to which this policy led during the entire period he French and Indian War and of the Revolutionary period as well. Let me briefly recall a few of the facts which led to the sending of this l	°niat to Shamokin. From the time of the landing of William Penn °n the Delaware, in 1683, there was a gradual migration of the aboriginal alo CS m that river to the Susquehanna. The various land purchases Sha"8 t'1C ^e*aware finally drove the entire body of the Delaware and to th nCe t0 waters ^e Susquehanna, and even over the great divide jn e ^hio. This migration had reached its high tide about 1727-1740. an(j the Shawnee had entered the Province from the Potomac region and SadUaHy moved northward along the Susquehanna to Shamokin Tut l	By 1727 a large settlement of Delaware, Shawnee, and of t]2 ° 'la<^ established themselves at the site of Shamokin, at the forks e north and west branches of this river. sjte JV,0US to the occupation of this strategic point by these tribes the Shamokin had been occupied by the historic Susquehannocks, or whose villages spread up the West Branch to Lock Haven, and villa e ^°rt^ Branch to Spanish Hill, at the site of the large fortified 0verth <“arantouan. How long a period before the time of their final Unk- F0W t*le *ro<luo's these related tribes occupied this region is 0ne ; n' .But that the Susquehannock period of occupation was a long and s V ^r°m a" °f the evidence obtainable. After the destruction toga ' ■*ectlon the Susquehannocks, the ancient Andastes, or Cones- r>ver bn ‘	Iroc1uois claimed the lands along the Susquehanna to settf n concluest- When the Delaware and Shawnee commenced ^‘tted toUTn f^eSe *anc*s along the upper Susquehanna, they were per- 'and sale° ° S°	Irocluojs Confederation. Owing to the various hecauseLof°? ^ ^ower Susquehanna and along the Delaware, and also °n the S ^ 6 trou^cs arising from the liquor traffic among the Indians to Shamoki,Ue^anna an^ Shikellamy was sent by the Six Nations and other ^	to have supervision of the Delaware and Shawnee Qient an [ * cs’ an^ also to look after all matters relating to the settle- Very ,PUrchase °f the Indian lands by the whites. ^ettram h'11 ° 'S ^nown the early life of Shikellamy. According to e Was an adopted Frenchman, born in Montreal and capturedEWsrjk'Tajw1 t 158 ■!! txxssrjsrjZ by the Oneida, although he himself claimed to be a Cayuga. His name is a much corrupted form of the Oneida chieftain title, Ongwaterno-hiat-he (Ungquaterughiathe), meaning “It has caused the sky to be light for us.” The other name applied to him, Swataney, is a corrupt form of Onkhi- swathe-tani, “He causes it to be light for us,” or as an appellative, “Our Enlightener.” The names ending in “us” and “mo,” as Shikellemus, Shikellemo, are Latinized forms used by the Moravian writers, and are corruptions made by Anglicizing and Latinizing the Indian name. Add a Mac, or and O’ to the Latinized form, and call it MacShikellemus, or O’Shikellemo, and you would have the limit of corruption. Previous to the time of Shikellamy’s entrance upon the Indian policy of Pennsylvania all of the affairs of the Province had been conducted directly with the Delawares, from the time of Penn’s first purchase. After this time the Delaware had to sink into the background. This was the commencement of the alienation of the Delaware and Shawnee, which ultimately drenched Pennsylvania in blood. The haughty chiefs whose ancestors had dealt directly with William Penn could not bear the humiliation of having their lands sold without their consent, and even without any consultation. The one weak spot in the colonial policy of Pennsylvania with the Indians was the liquor traffic. The chiefs of the Delaware and Shawnee had complained about this abuse again and again, without avail. In 1731 Shikellamy notified the authorities of the Province that unless the liquor trade with their subject tribes was regulated, friendly relations with the Iroquois would cease. This ultimatum led the Assembly to urge Governor Gordon to use every means possible to maintain friendly relations with the Iroquois, and for this purpose to call a council with them. The Governor then urged the Assembly to pass a bill restricting the selling of rum, by the traders, among the Indians. This bill was defeated by the Assembly by a large majority. James Logan, in I73l» urged the passage of such a measure, saying that the unrestricted sale of rum was driving the Delaware and Shawnee to the Ohio, where they were coming under the influence of the French. He urged that a treaty be held with the Six Nations, as the lords over these subject tribes. The coming of the Germans from the Schoharie Valley to Tulpehockn1 in 1731 led to many important events. It brought Conrad Weiser int0 relations with the Province. In December, 1731, Shikellamy went to Philadelphia with Conrad Weiser, whom he introduced as the officii interpreter of the Six Nations. Shikellamy reported the result of ^ mission which he had made to Onondaga, saying that it was too late the season for the chiefs to go to Philadelphia, but that early in the spri1^ they would come for a council. It was late in the summer of 1732 befo^ the chiefs of the Oneida, Cayuga, and Onondaga arrived in Philadelph13’ * January 41t y "nr "r1y» yr wnw"wn*r*r ^ir^jryj.:ip-%.Tr| '; TheKEDMAM <nk .itllll.^lllb.^ill.....Ilill.,lll!!<^llll!..,llllll.^llll.^'llllli.^llllh.,tllll.. ^ull!..! I. 159 1 t this council the Iroquois promised to use their influence in bringing ,f Shawnee from the Ohio, and the Province promised to restrict e sale of rum among the Indians. Neither of these promises were ful- ed. Thg Shawnee refused to come back, and the traders could not be uenced to stop the unrestricted sale of rum. Another council was ed in Philadelphia in 1736, at which time the Six Nations informed e Governor that after the treaty of 1732 it was agreed that Conrad eiser and Shikellamy were the proper persons “to go between the Six ions and this Goverment,” and that they would therefore be employed 0	attend all treaties and councils. of h 8 counc** 1736 the Iroquois set up a claim for the lands south e Blue Mountains, drained by the Delaware River. A deed for these first out’ s'Sned and the lands paid for. Thus was established the had r0C*U0*s c*a'm f°r any lands on the Delaware River. William Penn madne.Ver recognized any such claim, and the Iroquois had never before s e , From this time onward Shikellamy and Conrad Weiser were jn ,.erne ln the Colonial affairs of the Province in its relations with the bo^1^ Weiser was a Mohawk by adoption and he thoroughly despised e Delaware and the Shawnee and used every means at his command a e the Province accept the terms of the Six Nations. The r0lTl. the friendship of the Delaware and Shawnee was lost, g .. tribes kept moving away from the Susquehanna and from the g ish interest to the Ohio, where the French used every means to gain friendship. but^'^e"amy and Conrad Weiser gained the friendship of the Iroquois pojj m 80 doing they lost that of the Delaware and Shawnee. While this * u'timately made the Anglo-Saxon supremacy on the continent blood 11 nevertheless drenched the hills and valley of Pennsylvania in ar,d c. C°l°nial Pennsylvania held the friendship of the Delaware coun\ av^nee by a recognition of their land claims and supremacy in °f the' S’W0U*d have lost the friendship of the Six Nations. Hostility ever p* ^at‘ons at this period would have meant the blotting out of Shikell n^'S^ settlement in the Province, if not on the Continent. °f wjla|my and Weiser evidently did not see the far-reaching influence ey did. It was unconscious statesmanship, did so Cn Delaware and Shawnee moved westward to the Ohio they also to T °n*y t0 8et away from the influence of the white settlers, but At tlf* 1Way ^rom t*le domination of the Six Nations. 'n8 an C ^reat tfeaty at Lancaster in 1744, when the Iroquois were mak- latny re^ltemPt *laVe t^le *and dispute with Maryland settled, Shikel- that suchSC^ S'^n the deed to these lands along the Potomac, realizing ti°n toCt,an aC.t on h*s Part might be interpreted as giving some recogni- e claims of Maryland in the boundary dispute with Pennsyl-160 <pr -yyyyijwr y ^'''^y^TngjP1 » January dll ISJCXTTjCy-iifl •II* V «* 'l|l' 'l|»	#l|r -4" ’’I*	T ,TheBedMan, Jfei. ..ill!lti..iit!lliijtllllii.i]lllli. iillili..4lliji,.i]l:!!i.	l.iili...ii!l!iK„iilllh.. ...iilllm vania. There is little reason to doubt but that Shikellamy was influenced in this, as in all other matters by Conrad Weiser, who was the dominating force back of everything which this Iroquois deputy did. Shikellamy was always friendly to the Moravian missionaries. Count Zinzendorf, under the guidance of Conrad Weiser, visited Shamokin in 1742, when he held a conference with Shikellamy. A Moravian mission was built in Shamokin in 1747, and at the same time erected a blacksmith shop. The troubles arising because of the Indians neglecting to pay their bills at this shop are mentioned by Bishop Cammerhoff, who visited the place in 1748, in which year Shikellamy accompanied him to Onon- daga. David Brainerd, the missionary, describes the village as it was in 1745. He says, “The town lies partly on the east and west shores of the river, and partly on the island. It contains upwards of 50 houses and 300 inhabitants. About one-half are Delawares and the others are Senecas and Tutelars.” The Shawnee had moved westward to the Big Island, at Lock Haven, and to the Ohio by that time. Shamokin was also the place of residence of Allummapees, or Sas- sounan, the head chief of the Delawares, so that this place was in every sense of the term the Indian capital of Pennsylvania during the period from 1728 until 1748. Allummapees died in 1747, and on Dec. 6, 1748 (17th Reichel) Shikellamy died in abject poverty. In the summer of 1748 and in the spring of 1749 a famine of unusual severity visited the entire Indian villages of the Susquehanna. The Indians were in severe want, being obliged to boil grass and bark in order to live. Shamokin was deserted in 1749 because of this famine. Weiser says in a letter, Oct. 6, 1747, “I set out for Shamokin, by the way of Paxtang, because the weather was bad. I arrived at Shamokin on the 9th about noon. I was surprised to see Shikellamy in such a mis- erable condition as ever my eyes beheld; he was hardly able to stretch out his hand to bid me welcome; in the same condition was his wife, his three sons not quite so bad; also one of his daughters, and two or three of his grandchildren, all had fever; there were three buried out of the family a few days before, viz.,—Cajadies, Shikellamy’s son-in-law, that had been married to his daughter above fifteen years, and reckoned the best hunter among all the Indians; also his oldest son’s wife, and his grandchild.” Cammerhoff says in his Journal of Jan. 14, 1748, “Last autumn many of his family died, viz., his wife, his oldest son's wife and five children, three of Logan’s children, and his son-in-law and some of his children.” In October, 1748,Baron John de Watteville visited the various missions along the Susquehanna. This Bishop of the Moravian Church stopp^ at Shamokin and visited Shikellamy. The visit of this missionary made a deep impression on the old chief. Several weeks after the departureiii^o^xrxiirt B'T' ............................. I jn January mk impr ^|pry^"iy'nyrt^r y'^yny-^iyn^yr-^ :The BedMan Milllu ,.iiUlb.Jilfllh..il!l!i1..,ihlli.Ji:l[!i,JiLllL ,il!!l1, ji!liu.i'il!hi,..jl(lih..iilllh.. .^iriUi i if 161 4 0	Watteville, Shikellamy went to Bethlehem, in order to be more thor- °ughly instructed in the Christian religion. He professed conversion a”. was baptized—although he had been baptized many years before *s time by a Jesuit missionary in Canada. He fell ill, at Tulpehocken en on his way home, and had barely enough strength left to reach arnokin, where he stretched himself out upon his mat, never to rise again. David Zeisberger was present when he died. He left three sons, James Logan, John, or Tachnechtoris, and John Petty. Runner? ware nt out to call these to Shamokin. James Logan arrived the day after ls death. Shikellamy was buried on the 9th of December, in the pres- ence of the entire population of the town, in the last resting place of the man, in the plot of ground below the Indian village, and just outside j^'vhat was later Fort Augusta. James Logan, his second son, was per- aPs the most famous of his children. Made so by the murder of his ‘To lV' >nCar mout^ Yellow Creek, on the Ohio, and the famous jy^an s Lament." Logan’s relatives were murdered in the spring of tim ^ 'S state^ ky some authorities that the relatives killed at this half iWere mother, younger brother, and sister. The latter had a of r f S°n’ w^° escaped. This sister of Logan had been a mistress the h	^'^)SOn> the Commander at Fort Pitt, and it is stated that oy who escaped was a son of Col. Gibson. am ter *^9 the passing of Shikellamy, the Iroquois vice-gerent and of an^cl™313665’ the Delaware “King,” and the migration of the Delaware ^ hawnee to the Ohio, Shamokin declined as an Indian center. Kit- affair^ ^ Logstown on the 0hio then became the centers of Indian W Sh'ln ^rov‘nce-	the influences which had been set in motion these	ly anc* Conrad Weiser went on over the mountains, after tjle . men ^ad both passed away. During the French and Indian War the Sh*111015’ aS a con^eration, remained neutral. The Delaware and dock'.^rf106 t0°^ t^ie hatc^et against the Province, after Brad- of s c e cat, striking the first blow just below Shamokin, at the mouth AfteS Ck’ ‘n 0ctober' 175S- to the f	t^1fse years we come here to-day to dedicate this memorial to whi t!h	w^° never swerved in his friendship to the Province as a wis > ^ W3S SGnt aS rePresentative of the Six Nations. He lived After al^df1311 ^ feC* men'	anc^ was buried as a Christian. marked h° t*'ese years °f resting in an unmarked grave, his grave is t° make ^ • 0^*c'a' action of the State, whose existence he did more which he^°SS1 • 6 ^an any re^ man wh° ever loved the beautiful river on here to-dn°W *S resl'n^‘ accordance with the customs of his race we P^ace th'-1^ Cover. Srave with this token of a State’s respect, and PennsylyS r0er!1Or'a' to the memory of a loyal friend of the Province of ania’ ln the dark days which came before the storm of war.Interesting History of Stone Used for Shikellamy Monument: An Address by Christopher Wren. |HRISTOPHER WREN, who gave to the Sunbury Chapter of the D. A. R. the boulder which was recently dedicated as a marker to the Indian Chief Shikellamy, delivered a very interesting address at the unveiling, which took place at Sunbury, Pa., October 15, 1916. Mr. Wren’s address follows: Mr. Chairman, Ladies, and Gentlemen: The part which has been assigned to me by the committee having in charge the ceremonies of unveiling this bronze tablet to the Indian Chief Shikellamy to-day, is to give some history of the rock boulder on which the tablet is mounted. In doing this I shall take occasion to make some references to remote ages of the past, in tracing the history of this particular rock strata through the various vicissitudes which it has seen. I am pleased that so many of the students of the Sunbury public schools are present to hear what I shall say in that connection. Learned geologists tell us that we shall never see the lower, or founda- tion rocks of the earth, as they are located, perhaps, thirty miles belov* the surface, or, in other words, that the outer crust of the earth has been disturbed and undergone changes for a distance of about thirty mile9 below the surface. At some time, untold ages ago, the earth’s surface in this locality went through very great changes, resulting in the formation of the mountain® and valleys which are all about us, and in bringing some of the rock3 of the lower strata to the surface and even elevating them up on the mountain sides. During this period the particular strata or ledge o*J January i'i Xxs&jgsrjt w ...........y<f nr ^ q» "m •	TheEedMan ■• i,iii,. ...iiiii, ..................................................... ......... ................................... S’XSKdfcXShW, 163 4 rocks from which this boulder was quarried was forced up and exposed on e mountain side several hundred feet above the level of the river near aPwallopen, about forty miles up the valley from this point. Prom the best information I can get this strata was originally about ty° thousand feet below the lowest coal vein, before the upheaval spoken o	took place, and when we know that the deepest coal vein in Wyoming ey is about eighteen hundred feet below the present surface, it will be Seen that this boulder was at one time very far down in the bowels of the earth. it Was thus subjected to great pressure from the weight of the overlying rocks upon it. Because of this pressure the rock became very c °se grained, hard and strong. These same learned geologists tell us that all that part of Pennsylvania g north of Berwick was at one time covered by sheet ice, or glacier, °ut one-half mile thick, which was moving slowly toward the south- est, but melted when it got as far south as Berwick. he formation of this sheet of ice took place after the mountains had ed ‘ wn’ as described, as is proven by the fact that when the ice melt- ^j^t Prodiiced a great flood, carrying with it masses of rock and earth toda	the surface of the rock ledge in which we are interested *T'l r as it 6 *	P°l'shed surface is in practically the same condition resist^5 a^° when the glacial flood did its work, proves that the rock s s the action of the weather to a remarkable degree, absorb	mosses or plants will grow on this rock because it does not the |> enou&h water to support them. When rocks absorb much water, the ecome disintegrated and crumble away by the water contained in ^expanding by freezing in the winter, soivj any °ther rocks, like lime stones, are eroded by the rain water dis- who ha ^10 SUJ3Stance *n them which is soluble in water. Those of you marble ° n°tlcec* the manner in which the polished surface of very old change ^n*Jstones ^ecome rough and crumble away, will understand the cond i W,! 'las taken place, when you consider that marble contains a I have Percenta8e of lime, rocks th° glVen so much attention to the effect of natural forces on many tains win ^ y°U may know that this rock boulder, from our local moun- f°r ages' rCS'st t^le ^orces °f nature for centuries to come, as it has done accident ^ entirely safe in saying that, unless it meets with some in attend tOC^ mar^er will stand here long years after every person But th CC ^ l*ltSe ceremonies has passed from the scenes of earth. Particular	another reason, besides its indestructibility, why this American I°Cr *S a° approPr'ate setting for a tablet to a notable North cestors e • > \ian’ whose fore-fathers occupied this land before our an- Ven ncw that there was a continent of North America.164 Ur <v ■ -- ~i V - ^ JT * mt ,IH II*	” 1 January tk,|c,vrrJii!,Zip'.rfiilI . ThbKedMam , ..■III- .jiUki-jlllihji((li.„,ililli.jilllli,.jillli..,illllil-illfc._.J*'' jlHikjilIlN.....Iiili.ii For a number of years past I have given some attention to collecting the handiwork of the Indian race, in clay, stone, bone, copper, etc., in the water-shed of the Susquehanna river. I believe I state a fact when I say that most of the hardest and strongest implements, grooved and un- grooved, axes, celts, pestles, hoes, etc., which had to withstand the hardest usage were made of the same kind of rock as is this boulder. My observation of thousands of these implements leads me to believe that this was the case along the Susquehanna river from Lancaster county on the south to Bradford county on the north, a distance of about two hundred miles. I may remark briefly that the American Indians by experience and practice, had learned to select the stones most suitable for their purpose in making implements, and it is doubtful whether the present day work- man in stone understands any better how to work stone, even with their more improved tools. The Indian appeared to understand the fracture of rocks very fully. I might talk to you at considerable length about the use of stone by the primitive peoples in all parts of the world, in making their stone imple- ments, before they had learned that some rocks contained metals which could be melted by the use of intense heat, or had learned how to make a fire hot enough to produce the necessary intensity of heat, but the present occasion does not call for extended remarks along that line. I learn that there are many persons here present who wish to at- tend the elaborate ceremonies at Selinsgrove this afternoon, so I shall be brief. As a concrete example of a perfect Indian implement made of the same stone as this boulder, I take great pleasure in presenting to Mrs. Gilbert Burrows, Regent of Fort Augusta Chapter, D. A. R., under whose aus- pices this beautiful tablet is erected, an ungrooved axe, or celt. It is a type of implement which was made by peoples in all parts of the world when they were living in their stone age. This particular specimen was found within the past ten years, on a farmer’s field, which has since been covered up by the extensive classifi' cation yards of the Pennsylvania Railroad at Northumberland, by Mr- Frank D. Sholvin, of that place, from whom I secured it for my collection- It is undoubtedly several hundred years old at least, during which it has been exposed to the vicissitudes of weather and the farmer’s plow. It is a good example of Indian workmanship in stone, and has the addi- tional interest of being associated with your own immediate neighb°r' hood, which was the reason I selected it from numerous similar specimens- In conclusion, I wish to express to Fort Augusta Chapter my appre' ciation of the courtesy shown me by their invitation to be present today and to have a part in these very interesting ceremonies.^"le-lah, the Pocahontas of Florida, °r the Princess of Hirrihigua: By Minnie Moore-Willson. name of the Princess of Hirrihigua is a familiar one throughout natn ^°r.^a" P°els have sung it, societies have chosen it for their chapter pu16' ^st°rians have gathered smattering bits here and there which give a local t ^n^an princess. In St. Petersburg the name is borne by the tyj, C aPler of the Daughters of the American Revolution. Despite this Hie /Publicity of the name, few people, however, really know much of ry of this fascinating princess. Ili JCma^ned for Mrs. Minnie Moore-Willson to relate the true story of nole l^Ua Un^ l° PrePare for publication a fascinating story of this Semi- gini£rtn>eSS w^°se romance is as interesting as that of Pocohontas of Vir- °f Hi •fc* ^^son *s an authority on the Florida aborigines. Her story Spanish **’ ^ere/ore> as nearly authentic as early records and Indian- Prebn	°an ma^e **• The romance of the famous Indian princess as y Mrs. Willson is reproduced in full below. LMOST simultaneously with the war cry of Europe, the Atlantic cables, in peace-loving contrast, were repeat- ing to America the account of the dedication services at old Gravesend, England to the memory of Pocahon- tas, the heroine of Virginia’s early history, and our Ambassador Page in unveiling the memorial windows dwelt largely on her influence as a bond of peace be- tween the United States and Great Britian. So today, viclUa]s ,	a spirit of thankfulness should come over us as indi- Ame ^ ^ 3 nat*on ^or tbe influence of our Virginia princess. Whenour'/T graspei* ilands with our English friends on this occasion, Illinois t /*ler'Cai1 officers and sailors from the battleships Missouri and 00	a prominent part in the ceremonies.msyufazn 166 7'- ...........nip“,'|«i,,^|r^nPr'^^^,^»'*^ni^^’T|ni]7^jr:^iiii.^3i.?o. 1 TheKedMak ' " t ^ E -II '''III. ,.lll!lL„il)lll.l,illllllt„>lli]|l,.illllll,..tllljL..llllll> ollltlli->,jlllilt.^ll[l|li..l<ll|ll...^ll]li"^ lt“ January 4 At the close of this touching ceremony Ambassador Page with our American officers and cadets was extended a cordial reception from the thousands of persons who had assembled inside and outside the old parish church, whose register bears the name of the Indian princess. To Florida belongs a romance not less fascinating and wonderful than that of Virginia’s Pocahontas. But alas, in the “manana” of the first Spanish invaders much interesting history was lost to the world. Enough has been preserved, however, to excite the imagination and cause this age of research to go deep into embalmed records of centuries ago and revive the quaint philosophy of the old, entrancing Florida. U-le-lah, the Pocahontas of Florida. With the extinction of the powerful Hirrihigua tribe passed the life story, tantalizing in its meagerness, of the Indian princess, U-le-lah. The full history of our lovely Florida princess, who was in very truth the first heroine of American romance, slumbers in the unwritten archives of for- gotten history, yet one dramatic incident in her life has been preserved to us to give us the right to call her “the Pocahontas of Florida,” and in the heroism of this young Indian girl is a setting for as dramatic a story as has been given to history. The old chroniclers tell us that the word Hirrihigua which ethnologi- cally considered, must be a mixture of both Spanish and Indian, was the name of the country first invaded by the Spaniard on Tampa Bay; the seat of government of a mighty tribe of aborigines, who according to Bourne’s Narratives of De Soto, occupied a vast domain extending from the Gulf of Mexico to the Atlantic ocean, and so to the Hirrihigua Chapter of Florida who has been the first to honor the memory of this first Ameri- can heroine, the history and romance of the Princess U-le-lah is most fascinating and worthy of special commemoration. Ferdinand DeSoto. When the cavalier of Spain in the person of the intrepid Ferdinand De Soto, landed in 1539 on Tampa Bay with all the pomp and pageantry of the Spanish court, he found himself at a loss for interpreters and guides to this wild and strange land. Learning of a young Spaniard, Juan Ortez by name, who was the only survivor of the great DeNarvaez expedition, and who had been a capt've of the Indians for ten years, De Soto quickly sought to find him in order to use him as a guide for his conquest. The history of this young Spaniard, who is reported to have been hand- some, together with the saving of his life at a cruical moment by the daughter of the proud old Chieftan of Hirrihigua, parallels that of the Virginia annals, of Pocohontas and John Smith, and antedates this epoch' making history of Virginia almost one hundred years. In memory 0CXilli.JOi.'CT 167 <1 Pocahontas, the Lady Rebecca of the English courts, toasts of all England ave been given; entertainments have been planned in her honor, and Medals have been struck off to commemorate her visit to the imperial court of James the First. The proudest blood of Virginia runs through her descendants and e^ery history of white America gives the tragic story of her heroism and cr lnstrumentality in saving Virginia to the Caucasians. Of U-le-lah, our Florida princess, whose heroic stand and womanly courage stands out as the peer of any character in history, we know but le and honor has been withheld, not only as an Indian princess whose a r Was the emperor of an unbounded area, but as a historical charac- er °f gracious personality. She was truly the heroine of the first Ameri- Canp!|0niance’ where honor, dignity and a woman’s heart shone forth, and i It°n^ans we should endeavor to memorialize her name and her deeds e history of America. A brief sketch of this young Indian girl is aPPended. on H?an ^rtez’ a Spanish youth deserted by his comrades, was captured y e shores of Tampa Bay by the Indians, and taken to their chief This chief was the reigning monarch of this southern province of , '£Ua, and thoroughly embittered against the butchery his people the SU.^ered at the hands of De Soto, was ready to wreak vengeance on P. e. face, the only survivor of the De Narvaez expedition, chai °r'^a’ *rom lhe day the first Spanish invaders, with blood hounds, be^mS’ battle-axes and sabres, set foot upon her flower-bordered soil, has n n a battle ground. Her sands have run red with the blood of the in- anceT nat‘ve’ wh° always held out a hand of welcome and gave susten- ticed h°m tlle'r We" Store houses, while the new comers ever prac- bord SamC atrocities and butcheries that are being perpetrated in our r,, er country of Mexico today, although with greater cruelties and no restraimng p0Wer. reliev d ^ SUrpr‘s'ng that the proud chief of Hirrihigua wished to be from C, .Cnt're*y every vestige of white blood for added to the rapacities subic'^ H ^ atK* b‘s tribe had suffered, the Narvaez expedition had even desire f ^ Cb‘ef's mother to the most atrocious cruelties, and thus his tyas . °r Vcngeance upon this representative of the hated white intruders Juan OtUfal	revenge uppermost in his mind, the chief ordered PqI _rtez t° be bound hand and foot and placed upon a rack made of As h"1 ^ Sl°wly burned to death, daughte ^ r.ecords the account of this tragic scene, the beautiful iard virlT ° ^ C''ta’ wh° was about the same age as the handsome Span- white st°n SaW dreadful fate about to be inflicted upon the young herallS ranger’ rushed to the burning fagots, and braving the anger of Powerful father, threw herself at his feet and implored him to spare pcr-ocajii- f January ,1 |i«jpr •’ynir’yiw........ My1 y'y	tbm irjr;, theeedman ¥I t THBEEDMAN I .......V iuillfu .iitlfltiwiiltiifiuiiHlti..tifiili<.iijlllii.-tifllii.■iiilli.	.....jdllm the life of the captive youth, urging and pleading with all the compassion of a woman’s heart, that this white stranger had done no injury and that it was nobler for a brave and lofty chief like U-ci-ta to keep the youth a a captive than to sacrifice so mere a lad to his revenge. Looking back four centuries, a vision rises. We stand in the midst of an aboriginal people. A tragic scene is before us. We see Indians wreaking vengeance for the wrongs inflicted upon them, and a stern visaged chieftain, whose word is law, in command. A boyish form is bound upon a rack of fagots, with the flames already gently licking the poles and creeping to his helpless body. All at once a trembling, girlish form rushes to the rescue, and with the pleading of a compassionate woman, forgetting her own natural resentment for the past wrongs done her kindred, touches her stern and stoical father and secures the release of the captive youth. This was the youth Ortez who, released from his fiery bed, was cared for by his gentle protector, his burned flesh bound and dressed, and under her gentle administrations restored to health, and as an act of honor he was given the position of guard over the sepulchres of the dead. It was the custom to place the dead upon scaffolds and, as these sepulchres in those wilderness days were beset by wolves and wild-cats, a guard watched over then day and night. Ortez guarded these mausoleums through the lonely hours of the night and grew in great favor with the haughty chieftan; but one night, so the narrative goes, a wolf carried away the body of a child of a chief. Ortez threw an arrow and wounded it, but did not know that the child had been taken. The next morning the loss of the child’s body was made known, and Ortez ordered to be put to death. Some friendly Indians, following on the trail of the wolf, discovered the child, and the wolf lying dead just beyond it. The chief, with a justice ever belonging to the American Indian, being satisfied of the faithfulness of Ortez, took him again into favor. For three years this young Spaniard, now only twenty-one years oldi continued to live with the Hirrihigua tribe, but at the end of that time a fierce war broke out between old chief Ucita and a neighboring tribe. According to the savage custom of those days, in order to insure a victory> it was decreed that a sacrifice must be made, and the Spanish youth was selected as the victim. Again U-le-lah, the counselor and friend of her father, and still the faithful friend of the white stranger, came at night and warned him that he had been selected to be sacrificed the next morning. This act was wholly one of womanly courage and compassion, and not for any senti- mental consideration for the handsome young Spaniard, for this Indian princess was betrothed to the chief Mucoso of another tribe. At the midnight hour she came and guided him on his way a half a£ January i' 7 'WW'W1 ■T"np’r,,|r'"'tii'"'"5i',^r' ThbKedMan (In. .■iilbb.^ihihliiiBiiiM.i)dii..iiillli,.jillti,.iiiilii..rfji]ki.Mi‘ilfeii..djiDih.iiiiih^.^i d 'ij 169 4 tk^wrjcarrfll eague to her lover, sending as guards and envoys two friendly and trust- worthy Indians. Juan Ortez, with his guides, traveled all night, and morning found love °n • boundary Mucoso’s territory, where he was met by the t fr 0 his fa>r protector and received with the assurance, so early his- wo'^S c^ron'cle> “that if any white men ever came to his country, he UW allow him to go back with them.” in C ? chief of Hirrihigua, much chagrined at his daughter’s conduct Qr^SUr^'ng his kmgly authority, demanded of Mucoso the return of the'tw ^uscos° refused and his refusal caused such a breach between Mu m°narchs of these big provinces that it was several years before honorSh C .ed the ^a'r Indian princess as his bride. With true Indian Spanish*2 Sac?^ced his l°ve for a principle, and continued to protect the Muco'S f11 *n.terest'n8 fact in history to know that Ortez remained with lceepin°pr C'8*lt years’ unt'l the landing of De Soto, to whom Mucoso, q 8 ls Pleclge to Ortez, sent him under a guard of several Indians, live but a h°W ^°°me one	koto's band, was however destined to Search f0V °rt t*me’ ^°r Soto, w‘th no other object than conquest and Pizarr i ^ sucb as he had learned under the way of the relentless Plunde 'In jancl °f the Incas, traversed the country murdering and it is re ^ ‘nnocent natives until he reached the Mississippi, where, anrl r i rC. ®rtez died only a short time before death claimed the proud d lentless De Soto. qj	Princess of Hirrihigua. heroine s4i n?^*e'hearted Indian princess, little more is known, but as a tory S-. C 1S truly the peer of the long famed Pocohontas, and her his- All FI t0,UC^ every romance loving heart, her aloneT" & S^0U^ a P^e in the name of this Indian girl, for to at that tirneCFe ^ bero‘sm ^ving the life of the only Caucasian Womanly len ]1' ^ ^uthern shores of Florida. For her compassion and *s deservin ° Crness’ ^or her heroic stand for justice, this Florida princess °f Ulelah	a^ter ^our centuries, of recognition, and upon the brow gold, ancj 1 C pr*ncess of Hirrihigua, should be lovingly placed laurels of ^rticularl1111)116 COrnmernoratecl in American annals. World the 1 °V^ Florida rise to the occasion by proclaiming to the her memory ^ Cat*°.n ^er own aboriginal princess, and erecting to a memorial commending her bravery and virtue.ZJ Snbtan Ploob N THE early days of the republic, an infusion of In- dian blood would have been considered a bar sin- ister. No one ever spoke well for the half breed. But as the generations go on, many of our older families are showing pride in having in their line- age some infusion of Indian blood. Among them is the family of Mrs. Galt, the President’s fiancee. Thus the Indian tribes for the first time will now be able to claim some slight kinship with an occupant of the White House. Seen near to, the Indian was never popular. The idea that the only good Indian is the dead one was always the view of the frontier. He was a rebel from the responsibilities of civilization. As many of them are now settling down and cultivating land like white folks, the virtues of his race may be better recognized. Most of the aboriginal strains are thick-witted, earth-born creatures, slow of thought and dull of apprehension. The Indian was quick, alert, nervous, lithe of motion, passionate. He was capable of affectionate loyalty and fiendish revenges. He had his own beauty of imagery and was not lacking in fine ideals. He was the poet of the stone age, a dreamer and mystic. Other under-developed races have gradually adjusted them- selves to the white man's regimen of sober industry. The negro never rebelled at being a hewer of wood and drawer of water. But for the red man, tilling the ground has been but slavery to a proud spirit. Once the owners of a continent, the Indian is but an insignificant factor in our life today. Only a slight infusion of his blood has entered our race. If old families like Mrs. Galt’s are proud of it, it is as a poetic sentiment and a sign of the age of the family tree. The remnant of the race, however, inherits qualities of endurance and imagination, which properly trained in the yoke of industry will yet be valuable.—Piqua (Ohio) Call.^ Woman Without a Country: Charles E. Waterman. LORI DA has ever been a land of mystery and enchant- ment—a lure to animal life from insect to genus homo. In the old formative days, polypi—myriad-billions of them occupied the shallow waters and with their di- minutive bodies built a breakwater to catch the white, nurturi k P°wdery silt—the wear of time and tide—and form a bonded pal ta**’ thin-needled pine, moss-festooned oak and scrubby- beckonLr forefinger on the doubled-up fist of North America, it ^arch of ^ s’xteenth century, to Ponce de Leon of old Castile, in frost-bound R13* y°Ut^: an(f *n the twentieth century to Tom Jones, of ment. sun'I ?St°n’ *n search °f the same thing. In the new environ- c’trus pul 't tC> ‘nclolence, and under the seductive influence of Pondered o! ' °m P°ndered anc* dreamed about this wonderful land— sharply__ n '-S ^)as.t: ancl dreamed of its future. Present and past met sPread sandT'8*	^ advance °f civilization in the north; wide- advancing ! ^arrens ancl swamps in the south. It was the world of men things. Tq,0 ^ 1 c Primitive, which held the mystery of the beginning of ®tion and th* . e^’as others of his kind, had only a thin veneer of civiliz- ths veneer aC Pm!1!t've attracted him. He was desirous of laying aside to pierce th” ^ °n	PanoPly °f the primitive. He was eager Part of the u 'UIU larted Everglades, eager to penetrate that unfinished °f the builderVCR6' W!lere unremoved scaffolding yet betrayed the design that leftover ^ ° W'S^ed interview the alligator, and absorb what Planned to be83^.-^ C°U*d teach him of the fifth day of creation; and he tile morning ^ hy a Semin°le> who might tell him something about ‘"g ot the seventh day. Sac? S F athTCX^j i uary 4 wjbtm His wish in part was not difficult of realization. For a man of means, it was not difficult to cross the hummocky sand barrens to that great morass, the Everglades. It was no very difficult task to find a Seminole camp, or engage a dugout and pilot for the reedfilled waters of Lake Oke- chobee; but it was a more difficult matter to gain the confidence of that guide, his family and friends. He was the proverbial taciturn Indian, tempted for the moment by the glint of gold and what it would buy, to forget for a few days his inherited hatred of men with a fairer skin than his own. The village at which Tom arrived, consisted of a half-dozen palmetto thatched huts in which dwelt a family in sectional parts, from grand- father to grand child. That is, each son and daughter as he or she took upon themselves family life, moved into a separate hut. To a man en- nuied with civilization, this simplest of simple life offered much for study and contemplation, the toothless old patriarch and his wife, wrinkled, scantily clothed, devoid of ornament, waiting for translation to the Happy Hunting Grounds; the middle-aged matron, loaded with vari- colored beads to indicate her sisterhood with Eve, busy in domestic pursuits; her husband, hunter, trapper and sometimes guide; children from tots to youth and maid, the first in puris naturalibus, the maid m the glory of her first string of beads to captivate the youth. This village, left over from a past generation, was a type of all prim- itive life, so Tom thought, life such as his own ancestors had lived in the Welch mountains and along the banks of the Weser and Elbe; yet the veneer of civilization held the extremes of humanity apart. Tom was in touch with the primitive but not a part of it. His Indian companions plac;d a zone of silence between them. He could not enter into their life, try as he might, only observe it. It was not because of his indivi- duality, because a Florida cracker, Joe Cole, by name, visited the village frequently, and laid sisge to the heart of a Seminole girl, a sister of Tiger, his guide, and she treated him with a frigidness scarcely to be expected in sub-tropical Florida. This was surprising to Tom, for personally Joe was more attractive than any of the Indian youths of the village and could give Lakee more of the things a young girl naturally craved. As hunter and guide, by days of intercourse had worn away some of the reserve between them, Tom asked the reason of Lakee’s dislike of Joe Cole. Her brother straightened himself in the stern of the dugout, resting lightly on his punting pole, wrinkled his brow in a scowl, and grunted. “Long story—old story—two story—'bout white man—'bout two white mans! You wouldn’t want to hear 'urn! “I should like to hear them, if the telling would cause you no pain, replied Tom. » 172 ■ TheKedMah 3L ■nr ■"w'T' Jar *■SACO CREEK. CHEROKEE INDIAN RESERVATION.i» 173 <# !!l!ii.:,'£X,rx:;:M!! one THEEEDMAN 2 ' '“«Jn»4*>mu>XIIUk	A A A A. -*■ ■■**»•, A Tiger continued to stand erect, slipped the quid of tobacco from —*. t to other, showing he had accepted the white man’s amendment e ancient Indian vice of smoking, ruminated, and finally, with many Pause, told his story—a double story—which is here reproduced, but not verbatim, as the English language is not rich enough to reproduce ttle Indian idiom. The story went back to the beginning of things—to the old dispen- sation, when the Indian lived in peace and war as lord of the land. As e smoke from his long reed pipe was slowly blown from his lips and fai l m	a^ove his wigwam door, he dreamed of another land—a ry and where the copper hue of mankind was purified into whiteness, such as were thus purified were gods. Would they revisit the earth e’r Purification? Such a thing was possible, j . ’ the gods came—first in the east, then in the west. They were r.^,° l°°k upon. They were powerful! The smoke from their nostrils C°UW kill at a hundred paces! and Ut ^ ^OC*S were crue^ They thought only of two things—gold stnl W.0rnen' They fought, enslaved and beat men for the first; they ^t e second, beat and cast them out. „ar, e arvaez was the first to land in the west. He was welcomed with higu^ repaid with torture. Men can rebel against gods, and Hirri- foll a '^er S ancestor> fought De Narvaez. He drove him, with his Was^^ *nt° Sea—^ut one' a y°uth- Juan Oftiz by name. He Son,03^11^' ^e chiefs debated as to what should be done with him. sake6 h ° ^reame<^ fair gods, wan ted to adopt him for good fortune's i ut the less superstitious worn for pxemtinp him. The latter out- superstitious were for executing him. The latter out- Keance hU I1”6 *orrner’ anc* he would have been dealt with summary ven- *n love ^ n0t ^aughter of Hirrihigua, with womanly softness, fallen Their ^	together they fled to a friendly chief, Muscoso. tribes iretllrn WaS demanded and refused. A war ensued between the Sof15111^tCn years’ unt*l big canoes, bearing other white men, arrived, this arri W,aS. ch‘ef °f this contingent. When Juan Ortiz learned of his life Va>'- e ^eserted his Indian friends and the wife who had saved ln^tanc J°ined his white friends. • ^uscoso^	thankful for his preservation, he led De Soto against and he a t'V a	battle ensued. Muscoso’s village was destroyed laid on oV. 6 r^mnant *1's tr‘he driven from its site. The blame was hard press >1 *1 W^° S^e Was sent ^ac*c to ^er father. Hirrihigua was softened h° f ^ ^°t0 at t*le t‘me’ anc* ten years °f warfare had not tribe was CC*’ngs toward his runaway daughter. A council of the By an(i. °a anc* she was tried. The chiefs smoked and pondered. “Th father arose: aug ter of Hirrihigua deserted her tribe and married a god.irjsrjk.'TakE 174 iimp,- ^rmir-^yngpr nyny y iy t TheEedMan3 I Intilii. ..iillii,jlkJiiEii,.,c3ii.Jii!!li..Jillli..,iillii.-.illu_.,i!lli,..Jiillk.Jillikt.^l!.. ..........TOiiA IK- January ill ILV'CX'r,!!:::::;''-../ Consequently she has no tribe and the gods may take care of her!” Whereupon two burly warriors seized the young woman, marched her into the forest and bound her to a tree. Since the days of Hirrihigua’s daughter, misalliance with a white man has been a crime in a woman. She is outlawed! She has no country! She can elope with him and live outside the pale of her tribe, but she cannot bring him to her family. It is the curse of Ortiz, and they would rather she should die than marry a white man. If she returns to the tribe after alliance, she is treated as was Ortiz’s wife. The tragic force of the story and the awfulness of the punishment, caused a long period of silent thought to fall upon Tom. Tiger, also, lapsed into silence upon the conclusion of his narrative and leaned a long moment on his punting pole; then, with stoical indifference, pushed the dugout through a narrow, red-filled water way. A low island ran along one side, and he gazed intently among the live oaks and palmettos which covered it. Tom found his tongue. “Surely, your people do not inflict such punishment upon girls whose passions stray away from their kind, at the present day—do not out- Sparta Sparta?” The guide made no reply. He poked the nose of the dugout into an indentation of the insular shore line. “Do you want an answer?” he finally queried. Tom bowed. “Follow me, "commanded Tiger. They stepped from the dugout and brushed aside the tangled vegeta- tion. In the center of the island, stood a large live oak. Long wisps of Spanish moss hung from its limbs and creepers covered its trunk. Tig‘r approached the tree and poked aside the vines with his punting pole- Among the rope-like strands ascending the trunk, appeared some greenisb- white ones, cris-crossing at irregular intervals the brownish-, grayish- green lianas. Tom looked at the tree-trunk, covered with the tangled mass of cord- age, and for a few moments did not comprehend what his companion was trying to show him. He drew nearer and eyed the struggling cords- The whitish-green strands next the trunk were the ribs of a human skele" ton, somewhat displaced and crumbling with time, but held by tendrils to a place near enough to their original location to indicate what their reassembled parts would form. As Tom concentrated his gaze, iridescent glitter of beads could be discerned among the leaves; and near the low branches of the tree, what at first looked like strands of mos5' turned out to be what were once the black tresses of an Indian girl.Navajo Notes: y R. W. Shufeldt, Major, Medical Corps, U. S. Army. T REMINDS me very much of old times when I glance at the picture of mine which you publish in The Red Man for October, 1915, opposite page 46. I made the negative of that photograph at old Fort Wingate, New Mexico, somewhere along about 1884 or 1885, when I was post surgeon at that station. You are in error when you state, as you do in the legend to the illustration, that it is “A Typical Navajo Hogan and means “ • Family;-’ for such an hogan as there shown is by no elation tyf)1Ca*’ nor are any °f the s'x Navajos shown in the plate any n to each other, beyond being members of the same tribe of Indians. Natic>arTiuearS ag° * Polished, in the Proceedings of the United States the Nav ‘ USeUm’ an article on The Evolution of House-Building among Publish HJ°S- an^ t^le Photograph you now publish was one of the plates article ^ Wlt^ the article. If any one will take the trouble to look that will be^' n0t.°nly an ^lustration of a typical hogan be found, but it evol apprec'atecl that the one you now publish is a structure in the line a si ll0n ^avaJ° Indian house-building, which finally culminated differen	rectangular hut that was, in all imp ortant respects, a very which th	building as compared with the conical-shaped hogans The Wr 'ans or'ginally built for themselves, old friend0 pan.stand‘nS with his left hand on his hip in the picture is an fully clev ° m’ne' was known as “Jake, the silversmith,” and wonder- ^rtridir ma'<'ng silver and copper trinkets out of coins and empty tice in the ° S'	^as* he gathered on the firing-range for target prac- sPecimens TT ®arr‘S011, I st'H have, at this writing, one or two years aen ° ,es "jewelry,” and these I described and published long Every i” Xar‘?us magazines and reports. gate, and InC ^ *^a* P‘c*-Ure I ^w nearly every day of my life at Win- Chief of tht^lTs Wr'te ^“‘te a story about them. Major Powell, former graph, tha^h h Geological Survey, was so much taken with that photo- Survey) rnak^ ^r' Jack Hillers, the well-known photographer to the most big enou ^nfcn*argernent °f it, which was elegantly colored and al- that beautif ? • F a° ord‘nary window. I never knew what became of f°r the Major^1CCC°^ W°r^’ nor °f the photographs of hogans that I made176 TheKedMan .......... . . ■* 1 V .,lllIili-jllll,,.ill!llli..ijfi|]l..illilll..rfllIll..illlllkJlllElli-»illfill..Jl[I|l,..t!llth^^<>ll'1^ I* January The Navajo squaw, sitting on the ground by Jake, has in her hand a typical cradle made by those Indians over twenty years ago. Whether they continue to make the same style I cannot say; but I do remember purchasing the very one you see in the picture, and it is now in the col' lection of the anthropological department of the United States National Museum. At the time of which I speak, there was an old ex-trooper by the name of Benjamin Wittick, who was allowed to live in a wall tent, almost within the garrison limits. He was a first-class photographer, and had made hundreds of superb photographs of American Indians. At one time I tried to bring all his work and his Indian lore together, with the view of publishing a volume on the subject, reproducing the best of his pictures! but for reasons which will some day be set forth elsewhere, I failed in thiSi though the failure was no fault of my own. Wittick made a fine negative of “Chuna,” the Navajo squaw men* tioned in a former paragraph, and during all these years I have kept 3 photograph made from it. I looked it up the other day and remounted it, and am letting you have it herewith as an illustration to the present notes. Chuna’s baby is a half-blood by a white father, and was rather a nice little child. Even in those days it was by no means an easy matter to find a typic®! Navajo cradle, nor to buy it after your search had been rewarded by finding it. The one in the picture is of the same style as these Indian® made them long before the white man encroached upon their territory- While at Wingate, I made a valuable series of negatives of NavajoS> not only of the Indians themselves, but of such skulls as I could find’ implements, mode of arrow-release for Dr. Edward S. Morse, and numerj ous other objects. Much of this material has already been published an my collection deposited in various museums in this country and Europe* I still have some of the material about me in my study-rooms, among other things the skull of old “Washee,"—a Navajo woman employed by me as laundress while I lived at Wingate. She was murdered one nig^J in a drunken brawl, in a hogan at the rear of my quarters. They burie° her in the hogan and pulled the structure down over her shallow graVe‘ Next spring, accompanied by my two little sons, I made an attempt to get Washee’s whole skeleton, but succeeded only in getting the skull, a the Navajos on the other side of the fort were up as early as myself; they fired several shots at us which, in two instances, came uncomfortao > close, finally compelling us to retire. I am sorry that I never got 1 entire skeleton, but the skull is facing me now on my study table- collected a fine male skull of this tribe, presenting it to Sir William Turner* F.R.S., and it is now in the Museum of the University of Edinburgh-a Creeb TT ET me be a little kinder, Let me be a little blinder To the faults of those about me. Let me praise a little more; Let me be, when I am weary, Just a little bit more cheery; Let me serve a little better Those that I am striving for. Let me be a little braver When temptation bids me waver; Let me strive a little harder To be all that I should be: Let me be a little meeker, With the brother that is weaker, Let me think more of my neighbor And a little less of me. Let me be a little sweeter, Make my life a bit completer, By doing what I should do Every minute of the day. Let me toil, without complaining, Not a humble task disdaining, Let me face the summons calmly When death beckons me away. SELECTED.Indian Dances: By W. McD. Tait in The Overland Monthly. HEN Columbus landed in the New World in 1492, he was greeted with a dance. It was a war dance exe- cuted by the red man. The Indian has never broken away from this early custom, and today we find great occasions celebrated in a manner similar to that first demonstration to the white man. In the minds of many people, all the dances of the North American Indians are war dances. As a matter of fact, there are numerous dances, extremely interest' ing, and most of them very old. Women as well as men participate in them, and they have nothing to do with warfare. Strange to say,10 none of these Indian dances is there contact between the sexes. The bucks dance in one circle and the squaws in another. Few dance® are wholly social, although some of them have that element. Practically all of them have a religious origin, and to-day retain their religiouS significance. Indians are very musical, and have many songs in their own language’ The drum seems to be the principal instrument among them; but whe they have opportunity, they learn the white man’s music and the use o his instruments very quickly, rendering the most difficult music wit11 great sweetness. On the Blood Reserve of the Blackfeet tribe in Alberta there is a brass band of twenty-one pieces led by the issuer of rations, that gives concerts in the towns surrounding the reserve. Another band 0 fifes and drums on the same reserve has given whole entertainments tha were very pleasing. The red men have war songs which they used to sing before 3 battle; others, intensely sad, which they sing after the battle. Their love songs are not considered of a very high order. Each family has its songs; each individual has his, usually composed by himself. Some their songs are sacred.	. Some teachers, in their mistaken zeal, have crossed or smother everything distinctly aboriginal in the young Indians. Franklin K. La1^’ the Canadian-born Secretary of the United States Department of t*1I?rJOrA.XT^ni IT ...................... VwST-rlk ThuKedMam j■.......!7?.......j ,l' ■^“"w •illti'lllliiuillu .iiilku.jilllii,jiiUiiu,ihlii..iilllli..Milllij.iillllj»j<ilfl^'-*.,il5iii..iitllii«.jil!lh^./iiiUi U.'U.H1 JUP.41 nterior, in a letter directing the appointment of Geoffrey O'Hara as nstructor of native Indian music, said: . think that it is the part of wisdom to develop in the young Indian increased respect for all those things of beauty which their forefathers uced. Our efforts should be to make this generation proud of their cestors and keep alive in them the memory of their wholesome legends M • aboriginal arts-” US1° .^°r c*ances *s supplied by a trained band of singers. The only Pamment is a drum made by putting a skin over a circle of wood allowing it to dry tightly. the I ^.^un‘<iance 's> perhaps, the most barbarous of all the orgies of the A *a-nS’ anc* ^as keen observed in every known tribe of red man on tk mencan Continent. The time was when all sorts of cruelties were soon^^k^111^ t^'s gathering, which was held in the spring time as T^ ,C Snow c'earc(J and the earth began to warm from the sun’s rays. from 1C f,ance was the ceremony through which the Indian lad stepped Ugly oy10°d to the status of a warrior. It is too horrible for words. rawhid l ^ ^ CUt t*le chest> skewers are thrust through these, and The yout|anatS attached to the ends and fastened to the sun lodge pole. until th > • ™Ust tCar *1'mse^ by dancing around the pole and tugging asPirant StT'PS	to which the thongs are fastened give way. If the fear he P&SSet^ through the ordeal without exhibiting signs of pain or of h'ie WaS ^ared a full-fledged brave and eligible to sit in the councils llb nation. throuJlwir rnet^oc^was to cut the flesh on the back and tie leather thongs so that th CSC '°°PS’ and then fasten buffalo skulls to the thongs dance al ^ ^ou*d dangle clear of the ground. The candidate was to skulls to Mi*	succeeded in tearing the loops and allowing the because th h° ^ grounc*- This method was not as popular as the other Was alwa ° />rave couId not afterward see the marks of the ordeal. It the stib: a, g^eat Pleasure to the brave to bare his breast and exhibit 5?""ad\by *1* tearing proccss. the ordeal m0t, Crs were as anxious that their sons should go through Wr>ter whi hf 1 ^ WerC themselves. An incident is told by a Western lad was bein S °WS ^°W t^1C ^n<^'an m°ther looked upon it. An Indian n°t enough f l*lrough the buffalo skull method, but his strength was when his moth °U* ^le ^b-loops. He was about to faint away still clung to th^ ,roc^c *nt° the circle on a pony, and seizing the skull that the boy with 1 °	^er SOn’ s^e dashed away on the horse, dragging saved from fl le.r‘ 00n the flesh broke and the young Indian boy was Bef^the d ty°t,ailure- 0r skewers are^ ^ COmes’ many back out. Sometimes after the thongs Put in, the victim loses courage. The wood or buffalohide must then be removed by cutting the flesh loop, since it is against all law to draw it out endwise after it has been inserted in the flesh. The United States Government has long since forbidden the Sun- dance, but it was continued on Canadian reserves till the coming of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police about 1890. As a consequence, the annual gathering of the Indians in the spring time results in nothing more than dancing the old-time dances, chanting the brave acts of by-gone days, and propitiating the Sun by the bestowal of gifts which are fastened to the top of the central pole of the Sun-dance lodge. The Give-away dance is ranked by the Government authorities with the Sun-dance as very demoralizing, and has been stopped on most reserves. The Round dance of the Crees in Western Canada is a pleasure dance. Women are allowed to take part in it, but before their first dance they must give a substantial present to the leader of the dance. This present seems to make the person a sort of life member of the Round dance. Squaws and bucks dance separately without any contact. In nearly all the tribes of the North American Continent there are many dances representing animals. The buffalo dance is a most interest- ing affair. In it the hunters illustrate what they have gone through in the chase. Instead of bragging with their tongues, as does the white man, they use pantomime. Stealthily they describe the sneaking process of stalking game and dragging it home. In another dance a man represents a dog. He is made to look as much like one as possible, and is led forth by an Indian maiden who has tied her sash about his body, and leads him as a lady does her poodle, except that they are both keeping time to the steps of the dance. He constantly struggles to break away, and she makes rhythmic efforts to hold him. Sometimes he succeeds and rushes into houses for meat, bites persons on the leg, and otherwise carries out the idea of a dog on the rampage. The eagle dance is especially dramatic. The Indian who takes the part of the eagle is wonderfully made up. Over his head is drawn a sort of black cloth that covers the hair, and is pulled forward to form a beak. A red line makes the mouth of the eagle. On the body there is no cloth- ing except a short apron and patches of eagle or hawk down attached by gum to the flesh. The arms are made into wings by means of a cord strung with long hanging feathers stretched from hand to hand across the back, and a bunch of feathers at the back make a tail. His hands are painted yellow to look like claws. He is lured forth by the dropping of grain, and as he follows the trail he uses his arms as an eagle does his wings, and with his entire body he swoops and moves like the bird he is picturing, but always in time to the music. There is a dance to the bear and moose and many others, always with the combined dramatic idea and dancing movements.Among the Indians of the far north, during the winter months of each year, a big ceremonial dance is given in the “Hoo-go” or public meeting hall. This is to please and propitiate the animal spirits. It is a real dance with feasting from early winter till almost spring. There are the most peculiar customs attached to this dance period. During the first day visitors have the privilege of asking for whatever they may desire in the line of food. The particular delicacy is “ice cream," which ls simply a mixture of frozen blue berries and tallow. After the first day v>sitors must eat the food their hosts set before them. Each tribe tries to outdo the other in contortions, endurance, and dancing costumes. Each animal is impersonated by a dancer, who is trained months ahead for his work. These men are dressed in skins and fully represent the 8eaIi bear, and walrus. They dance slowly in a circle made by the specta- tors, and imitate the movements and cries of the beasts each impersonates. They sing a sort of chant, in which the onlookers join. The Snake-dance, given every second year in the Hopi pueblos of the far south, is a dramatized prayer for rain at an appointed season. It is a gnm and startling ceremony, real live rattlesnakes being used as messen- gers to carry to the gods of the underworld, who are supposed to have Power over the rain cloud, the petitions of the Hopis. To the onlooker *t seems impossible that venomous snakes can be handled so audaciously without inflicting deadly wounds, yet it is positively known that they are in no wise deprived of their power to do so. There are those who claim that they have seen the dancers bitten by their rattlesnake partners, out that the priests possess a secret antidote to which they resort in case of snakebite. To secure the snakes, the priests go out in pairs with dig- 8'ng sticks and canvas bags, following their trails in the dust, and dig them °ut of their holes. The Indians of the Mississippi Valiey hold a Corn-dance, which is a Mature of the growing season where blanket Indians reside. Just when these dances will be held the white man never knows. Just how the estivities are conducted his eye is never supposed to see. Secretly the w°rd is sent out and as secretly as possible the redskins gather. But the Monotonous thrumming of tom-toms, the intermittent yell of squaws, the shrill squeals of the juveniles and the more dignified chan tings of the raves carry the tidings unmistakably when once the dance is on. These ceremonies are peculiar to the Mississippi Valley. Members the tattered remnants of what were once powerful tribes, who are ar°iliar figures on the streets of nearly every Mississippi River city, Periodically become imbued with the desire to hold a tribal dance. Dirty, Usty, and travel stained, and often as not ravenously hungry, descendants associates of the families of Winnishiek, Rain Cloud, Hawk Eye, *8 Moon, Winnebigoshish, Waheta, Little Crow, Rain Maker and manyother greater or less chieftains respond to the call and are promptly on hand to take part in the big feed which is usually an important adjunct of the dance festival. The Corn-dance is something akin to the Snake- dance in that it is to propitiate the rain god. While not in the strict sense of the term a dance, yet the potlatch of the coast Indians has dancing connected with it. Recent efforts to sup- press a celebration of the curious ceremony on Vancouver Island were bitterly resented by the Indians through their chiefs. They contend that the custom is one that conerns the Indians alone, and that it should not be interfered with. The potlatch is a sort of carnival of unselfishness in which the chief who gives away the greatest amount of goods and trin- kets receives the most honor. Naturally, the tribesmen delight in being showered with gifts by the chiefs, and the latter wish to maintain the right to give away as much as they like to whom they please. At the close of the giving of presents, a big dance and feast is held. The strangest of all Indian dances, perhaps, are those given under- ground. These are common among the Tewos in the Southern United States. No white man, it is said, has ever been permitted to see one. During the preparations for and progress of the dance, a careful guard is kept so that there may be no possibility of a white man stealing in. Large dugouts are made with long underground passages—and these, too, are carefully guarded to see that none but a Tewo is allowed to pass. The Indian will always dance. The desire to shake his feet is inborn, and no amount of civilization seems to uproot it. The character of I ndian dances has necessarily changed considerably. Social dances are becom- ing more common, and on some of the reserves large buildings are being erected in which the more modern Indian dances are taught to the young Indians. None of the treaty Indians of either the United States or Canada have been known to adopt any of the white man’s dances. The tango and the bunny-hug are foreign to them. They have not yet learned the way of dancing in each others’ arms.3 ftementfcer! 3 -Remember! (Revised Version) REMEMBER, I remember, The house where I was born; The little window where the sun Came peeping in at morn. You’d hardly know the old place now, For dad is up to date, And the farm is scientific From the back lot to the gate. The house and barn are lighted With bright acetylene; The engine in the laundry Is run by gasoline, We have silos, we have autos, We have dynomos and things; A telephone for gossip, And a phonogroph that sings. The hired man has left us, We miss his homely face; A lot of college graduates Are working in his place. There’s an engineer and fireman, A chauffer and a vet, ’Lectrician and mechanic— Oh, the farm’s run right, you bet. The little window where the sun Came peeping in at morn Now brightens up a bathroom That cost a car of corn. Our milkmaid is pneumatic And she’s sanitary, too, But dad gets fifteen cents a quart For milk that once brought two. CANADIAN COURIER,ROTHER, we have been told that you have been preaching to the white people in this place. These people are our neighbors. We are acquainted with them. We will wait a little while and see what effect your preaching has upon them. If we find it does them good, makes them honest and less disposed to cheat In- dians, we will consider again of what you have said. RED JACKET.