1 BEADLE ’ S 1 DIME Illustration Song Book No . 1 . A COLLECTION OF NEW AND POPULAR COMIC AND SENTIMENTAL SONGS . Illustration NEW YORK : BEADLE AND COMPANY , General Dime Book Publishers . Books for the Hour ! MILITARY EXPLOITS OF Great Soldiers and Generals . BEADLE ’ S DIME BIOGRAPHICAL LIBRARY . Each Issue Complete . 100 Pages . Price Ten Cents . No . 6 .— THE LIFE , MILITARY AND CIVIC SERVICES OF LIEUT. - GEN. WINFIELD SCOTT . Complete up to the present period . No . 4 .— THE LIFE , TIMES AND SERVICES OF ANTHONY WAYNE ( MAD ANTHONY ): Brigadier-General in the War of the Revolution , and Commander-in-Chief of the Army during the Indian War . No . 1 .— THE LIFE OF JOSEPH GARIBALDI : The Liberator of Italy . Complete up to the withdrawal of Garibaldi to his Island Home , after the Neapolitan Campaign , 1860 . These brilliant books of the most brilliant Commanders and soldiers of modern times possess remarkable interest at this moment . Each book will be found to be a full record of the men and events in which they acted so splendid a part . EVERY YOUNG MAN SHOULD READ THEM ! EVERY SOLDIER SHOULD READ THEM ! EVERY LOVER OF THE UNION SHOULD READ THEM ! For Sale at all News Depots . Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1866 BY IRWIN P. BEADLE & CO ., in the Clerk ’ s Office of the District Court of the United States for the Southern district of New York . CONTENTS OF DIME SONG BOOK NO . 1 . All ’ s for the Best , 31 Annie Laurie , 15 A National Song , 49 Answer to a Thousand a Year , 9 Answer to Kate Kearney , 20 A Thousand a Year , 8 Belle Brandon , 50 Ben Bolt , 25 Blind Orphan Boy ’ s Lament , 65 Bob Ridley , 19 Bold Privateer , 53 Do They miss Me at Home ?, 35 Don ’ t be Angry , Mother , 32 Down the River , 17 E Pluribus Unum , 68 Evening Star , 62 Faded Flowers , 23 Gentle Annie , 5 Gentle Jenny Gray , 22 Glad to Get Home , 64 Hard Times , 24 Have You Seen my Sister ?, 18 Heather Dale , 54 Home Again , 21 I Am not Angry , 33 I Want to Go Home , 52 Juney at the Gate , 26 Kate Kearney , 20 Kiss me Quick and Go , 14 Kitty Clyde , 11 My Home in Kentuck , 34 My Own Native Land , 37 Nelly Gray , 6 Nelly was a Lady , 16 Old Dog Tray , 58 Our Mary Ann , 61 Over the Mountain , 28 Poor Old Slave , 7 Red , White , and Blue , 59 Root , Hog , or Die , 38 Root , Hog , or Die , No . 2 , 39 Root , Hog , or Die , No . 3 , 40 Root , Hog , or Die . No . 4 , 41 Row , Row , 29 Shells of the Ocean , 57 Song of the Sexton , 44 Star-Spangled Banner , 43 The Age of Progress , 63 The Dying Californian , 51 The Hills of New England , 70 The Lake-Side Shore , 66 The Miller of the Dee , 30 The Marseilles Hymn , 55 The Old Folks we Loved Long Ago , 71 The Old Farm-House , 47 The Old Play-Ground , 10 The Rock of Liberty , 60 The Sword of Bunker Hill , 48 The Tempest , 67 There ’ s a Good Time Coming , 69 Twenty Years Ago , 42 Twinkling Stars , 56 Uncle Sam ’ s Farm , 45 Unfurl the Glorious Banner , 36 Wait for the Wagon , 46 Willie , we have Missed You , 12 Willie ’ ll Roam no More , 18 BEADLE ’ S 5 DIME SONG BOOK . No . 1 . Gentle Annie . Copied by permission of FIRTH , POND & CO ., 547 Broadway , owners of the copyright . Thou wilt come no more , gentle Annie — Like a flower thy spirit did depart ; Thou art gone , alas ! like the many , That have bloom ’ d in the summer of my heart . CHORUS . Shall we never more behold thee , Never hear thy winning voice again , When the spring time comes , gentle Annie , When the wild flowers are scattered o ’ er the plain ? We have roam ’ d and loved ’ mid the bowers , When thy downy cheeks were in bloom ; Now I stand alone ’ mid the flowers , While they mingle their perfumes o ’ er thy tomb . Chorus .— Shall we never more , & c . Ah ! the hours grow sad while I ponder Near the silent spot where thou art laid , And my heart bows down when I wander By the streams and the meadows where we stray ’ d . Chorus .— Shall we never more , & c . Nelly Gray . 6 There ’ s a low green valley on the old Kentucky shore , There I ’ ve whiled many happy hours away , A sitting and a singing by the little cottage door Where lived my darling Nelly Gray . CHORUS . Oh , my poor Nelly Gray , they have taken you away , And I ’ ll never see my darling any more , I ’ m sitting by the river and I ’ m weeping all the day , For you ’ ve gone from old Kentucky shore . When the moon had climb ’ d the mountain , and the stars were shining too , Then I ’ d take my darling Nelly Gray , And we ’ d float down the river in my little light canoe — While my banjo sweetly I would play . Oh , my poor Nelly Gray , & c . One night I went to see her , but she ’ s gone , the neighbors say , The white man bound her with his chain — They have taken her to Georgia for to wear her life away , As she toils in the cotton and the cane . Oh , my poor Nelly Gray , & c . My canoe is under water , and my banjo is unstrung , I ’ m tired of living any more : My eyes shall look downward , and my songs shall be unsung While I stay on old Kentucky shore . Oh , my poor Nelly Gray , & c . My eyes are getting blinded and I can not see my way , Hark ! there ’ s somebody knocking at the door : Oh , I hear the angels calling , and I see my Nelly Gray ; Farewell to the old Kentucky shore . CHORUS . Oh , my Nelly Gray , up in heaven there they say That they ’ ll never take you from me any more : I ’ m a coming , coming , coming , as the angels clear the way , Farewell to the old Kentucky shore . Poor Old Slave . 7 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . ’ Tis just one year ago to-day , That I remember well , I sat down by poor Nelly ’ s side A story she did tell ; ’ Twas about a poor , unhappy slave That lived for many a year ; But now he ’ s dead and in his grave , No master does he fear . Chorus .— The poor old slave has gone to rest , We know that he is free ; Disturb him not , but let him rest , Way down in Tennessee . She took my arm , we walk ’ d along Into an open field , And here she paused to breathe awhile , Then to his grave did steal . She sat down by that little mound , And softly whisper ’ d there , “ Come to me , father , ’ tis thy child ,” Then gently dropp ’ d a tear . Chorus .— The poor old slave , & c . But since that time , how things have changed , Poor Nelly that was my bride , Is laid beneath the cold grave-sod , With her father by her side . I planted there upon her grave , The weeping-willow tree , I bathed its roots with many a tear , That it might shelter me . Chorus .— The poor old slave , & c . A Thousand a Year . 8 ROBIN RUFF .— If I had but a thousand a year , Gaffer Green — If I had but a thousand a year , What a man would I be , and what sights would I see , If I had but a thousand a year . GAFFER GREEN .— The best wish you could have , take my word , Robin Ruff , Would scarce find you , in bread or in beer ; But be honest and true , say what would you do , If you had but a thousand a year . ROBIN RUFF .— I ’ d do — I scarcely know what , Gaffer Green , I ’ d go — faith , I scarcely know where ; I ’ d scatter the chink , and leave others to think , If I had but a thousand a year . GAFFER GREEN .— But when you are aged and gray , Robin Ruff , And the day of your death it draws near , Say , what with your pains , would you do with your gains If you then had a thousand a year ? ROBIN RUFF .— I scarcely can tell what you mean , Gaffer Green , For your questions are always so queer ; But as other folks die , I suppose so must I ,— GAFFER GREEN .— What ! and give up your thousand a year ? There ’ s a place that is better than this , Robin Ruff ,— And I hope in my heart you ’ ll go there ,— Where the poor man ’ s as great though he hath no estate , Ay , as if he ’ d a thousand a year . Answer to A Thousand a Year . 9 Have you heard the strange news just come down , Gaffer Green , That they ’ re talking of now far and near ? How young Robin Ruff has his wish sure enough , And he ’ s now got a thousand a year , Gaffer Green ! He ’ s now got a thousand a year ! Young Rob ’ s a good heart , and I ’ m glad Master Cross , Oh , it will not spoil him , never fear ! In the face of the poor he will not shut his door , Though he has got a thousand a year , Master Cross ! Though he has got a thousand a year ! But ’ twould be but the way of the world . Gaffer Green , If he did not see now quite so clear ; They say yellow mists rise , and soon dim a man ’ s eyes , When he once gets a thousand a year , Gaffer Green ! When he once gets a thousand a year ! Robin ’ s eyes were not dim t ’ other day , Master Cross , When his poor old friend Harry was here ; Robin soon cured his pain , and soon made sunshine again , With a touch of his thousand a year , Master Cross ! With a touch of his thousand a year ! Ah ! but Rob must take care , must take care , Gaffer Green , Or he ’ ll spend all his new-gotten gear ; How much better ’ twould be — he may want it , you see — If he saved all his thousand a year , Gaffer Green ! If he saved all his thousand a year ! If he spends the last pound that he ’ s got , Master Cross , He ’ ll be richer than some folks , I fear ; For a heart such as Rob ’ s , though ’ neath tatters it throbs , Is worth ten times a thousand a year , Master Cross ! Is worth ten times a thousand a year ! The Old Play-Ground . 10 I ’ m sitting to-day in the old play-ground , Where you and I have sat so oft together , I ’ m thinking of the joys when you and I were boys In the merry days now gone , John , forever ; ’ Twas here we sat in the merry olden time , And we dream ’ d of the wild world before us , And our visions and hopes of the coming time Were as bright as the sun that shone o ’ er us . CHORUS . I ’ m sitting to-day in the old play-ground , Where you and I have sat so oft together , I ’ m thinking of the joys when you and I were boys In those merry days now gone , John , forever . O ’ er the threshold , John , we pass ’ d forlorn , To wander we knew not where , The heaven we thought so bright was o ’ ershadow ’ d by night , And the pathway lay dark and drear . But I am sitting to-day in the old play-ground , Where you and I have sat so oft together , And these memories wild have made me a child , As in the merry days now gone , John , forever . CHORUS .— I ’ m sitting to-day , & c . Kitty Clyde . 11 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . Oh , who has not seen Kitty Clyde ? She lives at the foot of the hill , In a sly little nook by the babbling brook , That carries her father ’ s old mill . Oh , who does not love Kitty Clyde ? That sunny eyed , rosy cheek ’ d lass , With a sweet dimpled chin that looks roguish as sin , With always a smile as you pass . CHORUS . Sweet Kitty , dear Kitty , my own sweet Kitty Clyde , In a sly little nook by the babbling brook , Lives my own sweet Kitty Clyde . With a basket to put in her fish , Every morn with a line and a hook , This sweet little lass , through the tall heavy grass , Steals along by the clear running brook . She throws her line into the stream , And trips it along the brook side , Oh , how I do wish that I was a fish . To be caught by sweet Kitty Clyde . Sweet Kitty , dear Kitty , & c . How I wish that I was a Bee , I ’ d not gather honey from flowers , But would steal a dear sip from Kitty ’ s sweet lip , And make my own hive in her bowers . Or , if I was some little bird , I would not build nests in the air , But keep close by the side of sweet Kitty Clyde , And sleep in her soft silken hair , Sweet Kitty , dear Kitty , & c . Willie , we have Missed You . 12 Copied by permisson of FIRTH , POND & CO ., 547 Broadway , owners of the copyright . Oh ! Willie , is it you , dear , safe , safe at home ? They did not tell me true , dear , they said you would not come , I heard you at the gate , and it made my heart rejoice , For I knew that welcome footstep , and that dear familiar voice , Making music on my ear in the lonely midnight gloom , Oh ! Willie , we have miss ’ d you ; welcome , welcome home . We ’ ve long ’ d to see you nightly , but this night of all ; The fire was blazing brightly , and lights were in the hall , The little ones were up ’ till ’ twas ten o ’ clock and past , Then their eyes began to twinkle and they have gone to sleep at last ; But they listen ’ d for your voice till they thought you ’ d never come , Oh ! Willie , we have miss ’ d you ; welcome , welcome home . The days were sad without you , the nights long and drear , My dreams have been about you , oh , welcome , Willie dear , Last night I wept and watch ’ d , by the moonlight ’ s cheerless ray , Till I thought I heard your footsteps , then I wiped my tears away , But my heart grew sad again , when I found you had not come ; Oh ! Willie , we have missed you ; welcome , welcome home . Willie ’ ll Roam no More . 13 Yes , Mary , I have come , love , across the dark , blue sea , To our peaceful , quiet home , love , our little ones and thee ; I ’ ve watch ’ d and waited nightly for the welcome hour to come , When happily and brightly all the dear delights of home Should greet my listening ear , love , upon my native shore ; Then wipe away thy tears , Mary , for thy Willie ’ ll roam no more . CHORUS . Thy Willie ’ ll roam no more , thy Willie ’ ll roam no more , Then wipe away thy tears , Mary , for thy Willie ’ ll roam no more . How often since I left you , love , in solitude and tears , Have I bless ’ d that love which clung to me through many changing years ; And while I paced the silent deck , forgotten and alone , Has my heart recall ’ d thy love-lit smile , thy sweet and gentle tone . Thy image , love , has e ’ er been shrined within this fond heart ’ s core ; But wipe away thy tears , Mary , for thy Willie ’ ll roam no more . Chorus .— Thy Willie ’ ll roam no more , & c . Dear Mary , when in life ’ s sweet morn , in all thy youthful pride , I bore thee , virgin , bathed in tears , from thy fond mother ’ s side , And promised at the altar to love through life as now , Say , Mary , when life ’ s sorrows came , did I forget that vow ? Your heart will own I left you , love , our fortunes to restore ; Then wipe away thy tears , Mary , for thy Willie ’ ll roam no more . Chorus .— Thy Willie ’ ll roam no more , & c . Kiss Me Quick and Go . 14 The other night while I was sparking Sweet Turlina Spray , The more we whisper ’ d our love talking , The more we had to say ; The old folks and the little folks We thought were fast in bed ,— We heard a footstep on the stairs , And what d ’ ye think she said ? CHORUS . “ Oh ! kiss me quick and go my honey , Kiss me quick and go ! To cheat surprise and prying eyes , Why kiss me quick and go !” Soon after that I gave my love A moonlight promenade , At last we fetch ’ d up to the door Just where the old folks stay ’ d ; The clock struck twelve , her heart struck two ( too ) . And peeping over head We saw a night-cap raise the blind , And what d ’ ye think she said ? Oh ! kiss me quick and go my honey , & c . One Sunday night we sat together , Sighing side by side , Just like two wilted leaves of cabbage In the sunshine fried ; My heart with love was nigh to split To ask her for to wed , Said I : “ Shall I go for the priest ,” And what d ’ ye think she said ? Oh ! kiss me quick and go my honey , & c . ANNIE LAURIE . 15 Maxwelton Braes are bonnie , Where early fa ’ s the dew , And it ’ s there that Annie Laurie Gie ’ d me her promise true ; Gie ’ d me her promise true , Which ne ’ er forget will be ; And for bonnie Annie Laurie I ’ d lay me doune and dee . Her brow is like the snaw-drift — Her throat is like the swan , Her face it is the fairest That e ’ er the sun shone on — That e ’ er the sun shone on — And dark blue is her e ’ e ; And for bonnie Annie Laurie I ’ d lay me doune and dee . Like dew on the gowan lying , Is the fa ’ o ’ her fairy feet , And like the winds in summer sighing , Her voice is low and sweet , Her voice is low and sweet , And she ’ s a ’ the world to me ; And for bonnie Annie Laurie I ’ d lay me doune and dee . Nelly was a Lady . 16 Down on de Mississippi floating , Long time I trabble on de way All night de cotton-wood a toting , Sing for my true lub all de day . CHORUS . Nelly was a lady , Last night she died ; Toll de bell for lubly Nell , My dark Virginny bride . Now I ’ m unhappy and I ’ m weeping , Can ’ t tote de cotton-wood no more : Last night , while Nelly was a sleeping , Death came a knocking at de door . Nelly was a lady , & c . When I saw my Nelly in de morning Smile till she open ’ d up her eyes , Seem ’ d like de light ob day a dawning Jist for de sun begin to rise . Nelly was a lady , & c . Close by de margin ob de water , Whar de lone weeping-willow grows Dar lib ’ d Virginny ’ s lubly daughter , Dar she in death may find repose . Nelly was a lady , & c . Down in de meadow ’ mong the clober , Walk wid my Nelly by my side : Now all dem happy days am ober ,— Farewell , my dark Virginny bride , Nelly was a lady , & c . Down the River . 17 Oh ! the river is up , and the channel is deep , And the wind blows steady and strong ; Let the splash of your oars the measure keep , As we row the old boat along . Oh ! the water is bright , and flashing like gold , In the ray of the morning sun , And old Dinah ’ s away up out of the cold , A getting the hoe-cake done . Oh ! the river is up , and the channel is deep , And the wind blows steady and strong ; Let the splash of your oars the measure keep , As we row the old boat along . Chorus .— Down the river , down the river , Down the Ohio ; Down the river , down the river , Down the Ohio . Chorus repeated . Oh ! the master is proud of the old broad-horn , For it brings him plenty of tin ; Oh ! the crew they are darkies , the cargo is corn , And the money comes tumbling in . There is plenty on board for the darkies to eat , And there ’ s something to drink and to smoke ; There ’ s the banjo , the bones , and the tambourine , There ’ s the song , and the comical joke . Oh ! the river is up , and the channel is deep , And the wind blows steady and strong ; Let the splash of your oars the measure keep , As we row the old boat along . Chorus .— Down the river , & c . Have you seen my Sister ? 18 Say , my lovely friends , have you any pity At your finger-ends ? then listen to my ditty . Our Kate has gone away , last Thursday night we miss ’ d her ; Good people do not smile ,— say , Have you seen my sister ? If you have her seen , I hope you will advise her To return to me , or I must advertise her ; Her waist is very thick , her stays give her a twister , Now tell me , b ’ hoys and g ’ hals , Have you seen my sister ? She squints with both her eyes , in a manner very shocking , She ’ s got a mouth for pies , and wears no shoes or stockings ; I ’ m afraid she ’ s gone astray , and some chap did enlist her , I ’ m afraid she ’ s gone for good ; say , Have you seen my sister ? She wants her two front teeth , you ’ d see it when she ’ d titter . She ’ s got such little feet , Victoria ’ s shoes won ’ t fit her ; She wears no cap at all , but a great big muslin whister , Now tell me once for all , Have you seen my sister ? Her figure ’ s straight and tall , her conduct ’ s very proper ; She ’ s well provided , for she ’ s eighteen pence in copper . Now if you have her seen , you never could forget her , For she ’ s very much like me ; now , Have you seen my sister ? Her mouth is very small , her nose is straight and natty , I tell you once for all , this girl is very pretty Now I ’ ll sing you another song , and it shall be a twister , If you will go with me , and help me find my sister . Bob Ridley . 19 Now white folks I ’ ll sing you a ditty , I ’ se from home , but dat ’ s no pity , Oh , to praise myself it am a shame , But Robert Ridley is my name . CHORUS . Oh , Bob Ridley ho , Oh , Bob Ridley ho , Oh , Bob Ridley ! Oh ! Oh !! Oh !!! ROBERT RIDLEY HO ! Oh , white folks I hab cross ’ d de mountains How many miles I didn ’ t count ’ em , Oh , I ’ se left de folks at de old plantation An ’ come down here for my edecation . Oh , Bob Ridley ho , & c . De first time dat I eber got a licken , ’ Twas down at de forks ob de cotton picken ; Oh ! it made me dance , it made me tremble , I golly , it made my eyeballs jingle . Oh , Bob Ridley ho , & c . New York City am a mighty fine one , For beauty and location it ain ’ t behind none ; Oh ! de ladies all look so sweet and gidley , Wonder dey don ’ t fall in love wid old Bob Ridley . Oh , Bob Ridley ho , & c . Kate Kearney . 20 Oh ! did you ne ’ er hear of Kate Kearney ? She lives on the banks of Killarney : From the glance of her eye , shun danger and fly , For fatal ’ s the glance of Kate Kearney . For that eye is so modestly beaming , You ne ’ er think of mischief she ’ s dreaming ; Yet , oh ! I can tell , how fatal ’ s the spell , That lurks in the eye of Kate Kearney . O should you e ’ er meet this Kate Kearnev , Who lives on the bank of Killarney , Beware of her smile , for many a wile Lies hid in the smile of Kate Kearney . Though she looks so bewitchingly simple , Yet there ’ s mischief in every dimple ; And who dares inhale her sigh ’ s spicy gale , Must die by the breath of Kate Kearney . Answer to Kate Kearney . Oh , yes , I have seen this Kate Kearney , Who lives near the lake of Killarney ; From her love-beaming eye , what mortal can fly , Unsubdued by the glance of Kate Kearney ? For that eye so seducingly meaning , Assures me of mischief she ’ s dreaming ; And I feel ’ tis in vain to fly from the chain That binds me to lovely Kate Kearney . At eve when I ’ ve met this Kate Kearney , On the flower-mantled banks of Killarney , Her smile would impart thrilling joy to my heart , As I gaz ’ d on the charming Kate Kearney . On the banks of Killarney reclining , My bosom to rapture resigning , I ’ ve felt the keen smart of love ’ s fatal dart , And inhal ’ d the warm sigh of Kate Kearney . Home Again . 21 Home again , home again , From a foreign shore ; And , oh , it fills my soul with joy , To meet my friends once more Here I dropp ’ d the parting tear , To cross the ocean ’ s foam ; But now I ’ m once again with those Who kindly greet me home . Home again , & c . Happy hearts , happy hearts , With mine have laugh ’ d in glee , But , oh , the friends I loved in youth Seem happier to me . And if my guide should be the fate Which bids me longer roam , But death alone can break the tie That binds my heart to home Home again , & c . Music sweet , music soft , Lingers round the place ; And , oh , I feel the childhood charm , That time can not afface . Then give me but my homestead roof , I ’ ll ask no palace dome ; For I can live a happy life With those I love at home . Home again , & c . Gentle Jennie Gray . 22 My heart is sad , I ’ ll tell you why , If you ’ ll listen to my lay , Which makes me weep , when I sing Of my gentle Jennie Gray ; But I never can forget the days , When with Jennie by my side , We talk ’ d of love and happiness , When she should be my bride . Chorus .— Hush the banjo , toll the bell , I ’ m very sad to-day , I can not work , so let me weep , For my gentle Jennie Gray . My Jennie had the sweetest face , And eyes of sparkling jet , With lips like new-born roses , She was my darling pet ; But Death he called one morning , And took my love away , And left me lonely weeping , For my gentle Jennie Gray . Chorus .— Hush the banjo , & c . And in the ground they laid her , Close by my cabin door ; A rude stone marks the spot , Where she sleeps to wake no more ; While at her grave I ’ m weeping , At every close of day , I fancy then , she ’ s sleeping , And not dead ! my Jennie Gray . Chorus .— Hush the banjo , & c . Faded Flowers . 23 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . The flowers I saw in the wild wood , Have since dropp ’ d their beautiful leaves , And the many dear friends of my childhood , Have slumber ’ d for years in their graves ; But the bloom of the flowers I remember , Though their smiles I shall never more see , For the cold , chilly winds of December Stole my flowers , my companions , from me . The roses may bloom on the morrow , And many dear friends I have won , But my heart can part with but sorrow , When I think of the ones that are gone . ’ Tis no wonder that I am broken-heart ’ d And stricken with sorrow should be , For we have met , we have loved , we have part ’ d , My flowers , my companions , and me . How dark looks this world , and how dreary , When we part from the ones that we love , But there ’ s rest for the faint and the weary , And friends meet with lost ones above ; But in heaven I can but remember , When from earth my proud soul shall be free , That no chilly winds of December , Shall steal my companions from me . Hard Times . 24 Listen awhile and give ear to my song Concerning these hard times , ’ twill not take you long , How every one tries each other to bite , And in cheating each other they think they do right . Nothing but hard times . There are some young men , which you very well know , To see pretty girls they are sure to go ; The old folks will giggle , they will laugh , and they ’ ll grin , Crying , “ Use him well , Sal , or he ’ ll not come again .” The baker will cheat you in the bread that you eat , And so will the butcher , in the weight of his meat ; He ’ ll tip up the steelyards , and make them go down , And swears it is weight , when it lacks a half pound . The next are the ladies , the sweet little dears , At the balls and the parties , how nice they appear ; With whalebones and corsets themselves they will squeeze , You have to unlace them before they can sneeze . Next is the tinker , he ’ ll mend all your ware , For little or nothing , some ale or some beer ; But before he begins , he ’ ll get half drunk or more , And in stopping one hole , why he ’ ll punch twenty more . The judge on his bench , so honest and true , He ’ ll stare at a man , as though he ’ d look him through ; He ’ ll send him a year or six months to the jail , And for five dollars more , why he ’ ll go your bail . Then next is the doctor , he ’ ll cure all your ills , With his puffs and his powders , his syrups , and squills , He ’ ll give you a dose that will make you grow fat , Or some pills that will leave you but your boots and your hat . The ladies must all have their silks and their laces , And things they call bonnets , to show off their faces ; But their figure , however , can never be seen , For they are hoop ’ d like a barrel , with French crinoline . The last is the sheriff , who thinks himself wise , He ’ ll come to your house with a big pack of lies ; He ’ ll take all your property that he can sell , And get drunk on the money , that ’ s doing right well , In these hard times . Ben Bolt . 25 Copied by permission of PETERS & SONS , Fourth St ., Cincinnati O owners of the Copyright . Don ’ t you remember sweet Alice , Ben Bolt ? Sweet Alice , with hair so brown , Who blush ’ d with delight if you gave her a smile , And trembled with fear at your frown ? In the old church-yard in the valley , Ben Bolt , In a corner obscure and lone , They have fitted a slab of granite so gray , And Alice lies under the stone . Under the hickory tree , Ben Bolt , That stood at the foot of the hill , Together we ’ ve lain in the noonday shade , And listen ’ d to Appleton ’ s mill . The mill-wheel has fallen to pieces , Ben Bolt , The rafters have tumbled in , And a quiet that crawls round the wall as you gaze , Takes the place of the olden din . Do you mind the cabin of logs , Ben Bolt , That stood in the pathless wood ? And the button-ball tree with its motley boughs , That nigh by the door-step stood ? The cabin to ruin has gone , Ben Bolt , You would look for the tree in vain ; And where once the lords of the forest stood , Grows grass and the golden grain . And don ’ t you remember the school , Ben Bolt , And the master , so cruel and grim ? And the shady nook in the running brook , Where the children went to swim ? Grass grows on the master ’ s grave , Ben Bolt — The spring of the brook is dry ; And of all the boys who were school-mates then There are only you and I ! There ’ s a change in the things I love , Ben Bolt ? They have changed from the old to the new ; But I feel in the core of my spirit the truth , There never was a change in you . Twelvemonths twenty have pass ’ d , Ben Bolt , Since first we were friends , yet I hail Thy presence a blessing , thy friendship a truth , Ben Bolt of the salt-sea gale ! Poor Juney . 26 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . Pearl River ’ s side is far away , in Mississippi State , Where our Old Cabin stands alone , with Juney at the gate ; I told her I was going away , but would not stay out late , And so she thought I ’ d soon be home , and waited at the gate . CHORUS The Cabin stands upon the stream in Mississippi State , And I must quickly hurry home and take her from the gate . Old Massa died , and I was sold away to Georgia ’ s State , They did not buy my sister Jane when they bought me her mate , I could not tell her we must part , alas ! our cruel fate , And so , with weeping eyes , she stands to meet me at the gate . The Cabin stands upon the stream , & c . I can ’ t forget her gloomy look , when I bid her good-night , Nor how my body quaked and shook as slow I left her sight ; But soon I ’ ll gold and silver get , pray Heaven I ’ m not too late , To buy my darling Juney free and take her from the gate . The Cabin stands upon the stream , & c . Oh , Juney was a simple child , with pretty shining curls , And white folks loved her best of all , the young Mulatto girl , ’ Twas wrong for me to leave her ’ lone , in Mississippi State , But money it shall break the chain that binds her to the gate . The Cabin stands upon the stream , & c . If you go away down South , to Mississippi State , Don ’ t fail to seek our Cabin there , with Juney at the gate ; Tell her to wait a little while , tell her in hope to wait , For I am he shall make her free , and take her from the gate . The Cabin stands upon the stream , & c . The Little Blacksmith . 27 We heard his hammer all day long On the anvil ring , and ring , But he always came when the sun went down , To sit on the gate and sing ; His little hands so hard and brown Cross ’ d idly on his knee , And straw-hat lopping over cheeks As red as they could be . Chorus .— The hammer ’ s stroke on the anvil , fill ’ d His heart with a happy ring , And that was why , when the sun went down , He came to the gate to sing . His blue and faded jacket , trimm ’ d With signs of work , his feet All bare and fair upon the grass , He made a picture sweet . For still his shoes , with iron shod , On the smithy wall he hung , As forth he came , when the sun went down , And sat on the gate and sung . Chorus .— The hammer ’ s stroke on the anvil , fill ’ d , & c . The whistling rustic tending cows , Would keep in pastures near , And half the busy villagers Lean from their doors to hear . And from the time the robin came And made the hedges bright , Until the stubble yellow grew , He never miss ’ d a night . Chorus .— The hammer ’ s stroke on the anvil , & c . Over the Mountain . 28 Over the mountain wave , See where they come ; Storm cloud and wintry wind Welcome them home ; Yet where the sounding gale Howls to the sea , There their song peals along Deep-toned and free . Chorus .— Pilgrims and wanderers . Hither we come ; Where the free dare to be , This is our home . England hath sunny dales , Dearly they bloom ; Scotia hath heather hills , Sweet their perfume ; Yet through the wilderness Cheerful we stray , Native land , native land , Home far away ! Chorus .— Pilgrims and wanderers , & c . Dim grew the forest path , Onward they trod ; Firm beat their noble hearts , Trusting in God ; Gray men and blooming maids , High rose their song , Hear it sweep clear and deep , Ever along . Chorus .— Pilgrims and wanderers , & c . Not theirs the glory wreath Torn by the blast ; Heavenward their holy steps , Heavenward they pass ’ d ; Green be their mossy graves , Ours be their fame , While their song peals along Ever the same . Chorus .— Pilgrims and wanderers , & c . Row , Row . 29 Row ! row ! homeward we steer , Twilight falls o ’ er us , Hark ! hark ! music is near , Friends glide before us , Song lightens our labor , Sing as onward we go , Keep each with his neighbor Time as we flow . Chorus .— Row ! row ! homeward we go , Twilight falls o ’ er us , Row ! row ! sing as we flow , Day flies before us . Row ! row ! sing as we go , Nature rejoices ; Hark ! how the hills as we flow Echo our voices ; Still o ’ er the dark waters Far away we must roam , Ere Italy ’ s daughters Welcome us home . Chorus .— Row ! row , & c . Row ! row ! see in the west Lights dimly burning , Friends in yon harbor of rest Wait our returning ; See now they burn clearer ,— Keep time with the oar ; Now , now we are nearer That happy shore . Chorus .— Row ! row , & c . Home , home , daylight is o ’ er , Friends stand before us ; Yet ere our boat touch the shore , Once more the chorus . Chorus .— Row ! row , & c . The Miller of the Dee . 30 There dwelt a miller hale and bold Beside the river Dee ; He work ’ d and sang from morn till night , No lark more blithe than he ; And this , the burden of his song , Forever used to be , “ I envy nobody , no , not I , And nobody envies me .” “ Thou ’ rt wrong my friend ,” said old King Hal , “ Thou ’ rt wrong as wrong can be ; For could my heart be light as thine , I ’ d gladly change with thee ; And tell me now what makes thee sing With voice so loud and free , While I am sad , though I am King Beside the river Dee .” The miller smiled , and doff ’ d his cap , “ I earn my bread ,” quoth he “ I love my wife , I love my friends , I love my children three ; I owe no penny I can not pay , I thank the river Dee , That turns the mill , that grinds the corn To feed my babes and me .” “ Good friend ,” said Hal , and sigh ’ d the while , “ Farewell and happy be ; But say no more , if thou ’ dst be true , That no one envies thee ; Thy mealy cap is worth my crown , Thy mill my kingdom ’ s fee , Such men as thou are England ’ s boast , Oh , miller of the Dee .” All ’ s for the Best . 31 All ’ s for the best ! be sanguine and cheerful ; Trouble and sorrow are friends in disguise , Nothing but folly goes faithless and fearing , Courage forever ! is happy and wise . All ’ s for the best ! if a man would but know it , Providence wishes that all may be blest , This is no dream of the pundit or poet , Fact is not fancy , and all ’ s for the best ! Chorus .— All ’ s for the best ! All ’ s for the best ! Fact is not fancy , and all ’ s for the best . All ’ s for the best : set this on your standard , Soldier of sadness , or pilgrim of love , Who to the shores of despair may have wander ’ d A way-wearied swallow , or heart-stricken dove . All ’ s for the best ! be a man , but confiding , Providence tenderly governs the rest , And the frail bark of his creature is guiding Wisely and warily , all ’ s for the best ! Chorus .— All ’ s for the best , & c , All ’ s for the best dispel idle terrors , Meet all your fears and your foes in the van , And in the midst of your dangers and errors , Trust like a child , and strive like a man . All ’ s for the best ! unfailing , unbounded , Providence wishes that all may be blest , And both by wisdom and mercy surrounded , Hope and be happy , then all ’ s for the best ! Chorus .— All ’ s for the best ! All ’ s for the best ! Hope and be happy , then all ’ s for the best . Don ’ t be Angry Mother . 32 Don ’ t be angry mother , mother , Let thy smiles be smiles of joy , Don ’ t be angry , mother , mother , Don ’ t be angry with thy boy . Years have flown since we have travers ’ d The dark and stormy sea ; Whilst your boy quite broken-heart ’ d , Ne ’ er has ceased to think of thee . Don ’ t be angry mother , mother , Let the world say what it will , Though I don ’ t deserve thy favor , Yet I fondly love thee still ; We have lived and loved together , And our hearts ne ’ er knew a pain But forgive me , mother , mother , Oh , forgive thy boy again . Pray , remember , mother , mother , I ’ ve been kneeling at thy feet , And I am dreaming of thee nightly , While reclining in my sleep ; But forgive me , mother , mother , It will ease thy heart of pain , But forgive me , mother , mother , Oh , forgive thy boy again . I am not Angry . 33 I am not angry , dearest boy , No cloud is on my brow , Thou seest only smiles of joy , I am not angry now . A mother ’ s heart has yearn ’ d for thee , A mother ’ s tears have flown , A mother ’ s prayers been offer ’ d up To the eternal throne : And though thou hast been wayward , boy , Misguided by thy will , A mother ’ s love is thine , my boy Thou art my darling still . While thou wert on the rolling deep , Toss ’ d by the rugged sea , My only comfort was to weep — To weep and pray for thee . Over thy follies I have shed , Ah ! many a bitter tear , And I have mourn ’ d for thee as dead Through all the passing year ; Yet I have pray ’ d that thou , my son , Might ’ st catch my latest breath , That thy dear hands , and thine alone , Might close my eyes in death . I do forgive thee now , my boy , It frees my heart from pain , My bosom throbs alone with joy To see thy face again . Though thou hast wander ’ d far from me , I ’ ll yet forgive the past , For I am happy , boy , to see Thou hast return ’ d at last . Yes , now this heart is fill ’ d with joy , My sororws are all o ’ er , For thou art here again , my boy , And we shall part no more . My Home in Kentuck . 34 I long , how I long for my home in Kentuck , With its fields where I labor ’ d , so green , Where the possum and the coon , and the juicy wild duck , And the ’ bacco so prime , I have seen : There I ’ ve fish ’ d from the banks of the Masella creek , And oft , in the shades of the night , Have I watch ’ d with my gun , nigh the old Salt Lick , For the game as it come to my sight . Chorus .— There is my old cabin home , There are my sisters and brother , There is my wife , joy of my life , My child , and the grave of my mother . That hut , my dear home , my log-cabin home , With the bench that I stood at the door , Where weary at night , from my work I would come And there rest , ere I stepp ’ d on its floor . The calabash vine , that then clung to its walls , Oh ! ’ tis dear in my memory still to me , And my master , who lives in his own handsome halls , Not so happy as then I could be . Chorus .— There is my old cabin home , & c . But that cabin is far , far away from me now , I am far from the scenes that I love , Far away from that wife who once heard me vow That forever I faithful would prove — My friends are still there , and still there is my child , And still there , all in life , I must crave — Still there is that mound , with its flowers so wild , That covers my old mother ’ s grave , Chorus .— There is my old cabin home , & c . Do they miss me at Home . 35 Do they miss me at home , do they miss me ! ’ Twould be an assurance most dear , To know that this moment some loved one , Were saying I wish he was here , To feel that the group at the fireside Were thinking of me as I roam , Oh , yes , ’ twould be joy beyond measure To know that they miss ’ d me at home , To know that they miss ’ d me at home . When twilight approaches , the season That ever is sacred to song , Does some one repeat my name over , And sigh that I tarry so long ? And is there a chord in the music That ’ s miss ’ d when my voice is away , And a chord in each heart that awaketh Regret at my wearisome stay , Regret at my wearisome stay . Do they sit me a chair near the table , When evening ’ s home pleasures are nigh , When the candles are lit in the parlor , And the stars in the calm azure sky ? And when the “ good-nights ” are repeated , And all lay them down to their sleep , Do they think of the absent , and waft me A whisper ’ d “ good-night ” while they weep , A whisper ’ d “ good-night ” while they weep ? Do they miss me at home — do they miss me At morning , at noon , or at night ? And lingers one gloomy shade round them That only my presence can light ? Are joys less invitingly welcome , And pleasures less hale than before , Because one is miss ’ d from the circle , Because I am with them no more , Because I am with them no more ! Unfurl the Glorious Banner . 36 Unfurl the glorious banner , let it sway upon the breeze , The emblem of our country ’ s pride , on land , and on the seas The emblem of our liberty , borne proudly in the wars , The hope of every freeman , the gleaming stripes and stars . CHORUS . Then unfurl the glorious banner out upon the welcoming air , Read the record of the olden time upon its radiance there ; In the battle it shall lead us , and our banner ever be , A beacon-light to glory , and a guide to victory . The glorious band of patriots who gave the flag its birth , Have writ with steel in history , the record of its worth ; From east to west , from sea to sea , from pole to tropic sun , Will eyes grow bright , and hearts throb high at the name of Washington . Chorus .— Then unfurl the glorious banner , & c . Ah ! proudly should we bear it , and guard this flag of ours , Borne bravely in its infancy amidst the darker hours ; Only the brave may bear it , a guardian it shall be For those who well have won the right to boast of liberty . Chorus .— Then unfurl the glorious banner , & c . The meteor flag of seventy-six , long may it wave in pride , To tell the world how nobly the patriot fathers died : When from the shadows of their night outburst the brilliant sun , It bathed in light the stripes and stars , and lo ! the field was won . Chorus .— Then unfurl the glorious banner , & c . My own Native Land 37 I ’ ve roved over mountain , I ’ ve cross ’ d over flood ; I ’ ve traversed the wave-rolling sand ; Though the fields were as green , and the moon shone as bright , Yet it was not my own native land . No , no , no , no , no , no . No , no , no , no , no , no , Though the fields were as green , and the moon shone as bright , Yet it was not my own native land . The right hand of friendship how oft I have grasp ’ d And bright eyes have smiled and looked bland , Yet happier far were the hours that I pass ’ d In the West — in my own native land . Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes . Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , Yet happier far were the hours that I pass ’ d In the West — in my own native land . Then hail , dear Columbia , the land that we love , Where flourishes Liberty ’ s tree ; The birth-place of Freedom , our own native home , ’ Tis the land , ’ tis the land of the free ! Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes . Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , The birth-place of Freedom , our own native home , ’ Tis the land , ’ tis the land of the free ! Root Hog or Die . 38 I ’ ll tell you of a story that happened long ago , When the English came to America , I s ’ pose you all do know , They couldn ’ t whip the Yankees , I ’ ll tell you the reason why , Uncle Sam made ’ em sing , Root Hog or Die . John Bull sent to Boston , as you shall plainly see , Forty large ships loaded clear up with tea ; The Yankees wouldn ’ t pay the tax , I ’ ll tell the reason why , The Yankee boys made em sing , Root Hog or Die , They first met our armies on the top of Bunker Hill , When it came to fighting , I guess they got their fill ; The Yankee boys chased them off , I ’ ll tell you the reason why , The Yankee boys made ’ em sing , Root Hog or Die . Then they met our Washington at Yorktown , There the Yankees mow ’ d ’ em down , like grass from the ground ; Old Cornwallis gave up his sword , I ’ ll tell you the reason why , General Washington made ’ em sing , Root Hog or Die . Then they came to Baltimore forty years ago , They tried to take North Point , but found it wouldn ’ t go ; The Baltimoreans chased them off , I ’ ll tell the reason why The Yankee boys made ’ em sing Root Hog or Die . Then they march ’ d their arms down to New Orleans , That was the place , I think , that Jackson gave ’ em beans ; They couldn ’ t take our cotton bales , I ’ ll tell the reason why , General Jackson made ’ em sing , Root Hog or Die . Now Johnny Bull has been kicking up a fuss , He ’ d better keep quiet or he ’ ll surely make it worse , We ’ re bound to have Cuba , I ’ ll tell you the reason why , For Uncle Sam will make ’ em sing , Root Hog or Die . Root Hog or Die , 39 No . 2 . The greatest old nigger that ever I did see , Look ’ d like a sick monkey up a sour apple-tree ; It don ’ t make a bit of difference to either you or I Big pig , little pig , root hog or die . CHORUS . Chief cook and bottle washer , captain of the waiters , Stand upon your head while you peel a bag of taters . Jog along . I come from old Virginny with a pocket-full of news I am worth four shillings , standing in my shoes ; Doesn ’ t make a bit of difference to either you or I , Little pig , big pig , root hog or die . Chief cook , & c . The Broadway niggers look so mighty grand , Shanghai coats and gloves upon the hand , A big standing collar , standing away up to the sky , Little pig , big pig , root hog or die . Chief cook , & c . Oh , these Broadway gals look so mighty gay , With their hoop ’ d skirts promenading Broadway , Their bonnets on their shoulders , and their noses to the sky , They go it in the sun or shade — root hog or die . Chief cook , & c . Root Hog or Die , 40 No . 3 . I am a jolly nigger as ever you did see , I come from Alabama just for to have a spree ; I tought I come to York , dey do things up so high , Bound to have a spree , boys — root hog or die . CHORUS . New York gals — dey are so mighty tender , Have to put on hoops when dey go out on a bender . Jog along . I jump ’ d upon de boat as she started from de lebby , Dey put me in de hole in something of a hurry , De coal dey made me shovel , oh , how dey made me fly ; Dat ’ s de way I come , boys — root hog or die . New York gals , & c . You tallk about your niggers dat grow up in de North , Can ’ t compete wid dis one dat sprouted in de South , Dey call me Blind Dick , kase I ’ ve only got one eye , Dat ’ s not my name , boys — root hog or die . New York gals , & c . When I take a walk I look so mighty gay , All de gals I draw from over cross de way , Wid my long-tail coat , mustache to de eye , Dat ’ s what dey like , boys — root hog or die . New York gals , & c . I ’ ll go back to Alabama wid a head full of nollige , And tell de folks dare I jis cum from college ; Dey ’ ll take me for a lord , or somethin ’ else , I ’ m thinkin I ’ se a mighty smart nigger , but I do my own drinkin ’. New York gals , & c . Root Hog or Die , 41 No . 4 . I am de greatest little darkey on de top ob de earth , New York is my home and de place ob my birth I do ply upon de banjo , and dar I don ’ t deny , I ’ m bound to be a sport , boys — root hog or die . CHORUS . Now I ’ ll tell all you , boys , what you ’ d better stop a doing , Dat is a drinking lager beer , and give up tobacco chewing ; Now I ’ ll tell all you boys , what you ’ d better stop a doing , Dat is a drinking lager beer , and give up tobacco chewing . Jog along . De shanghai coats and de stub-toed boots , Tight-legg ’ d pants , and all such fancy suits , Big Byron collars and mustaches to de eye , Dat ’ s de way to sport , boys — root hog or die . Now I ’ ll tell you all , & c . Now I ’ ll tell you , one and all , dat I feel mighty proud , When I have my banjo wid me , and gets into a crowd , Dey do make a circle round me , and out dey do cry , For to sing dis good old song , boys — root hog or die . Now I ’ ll tell you all , & c . You may talk about your fiddles and de old tambo , But they cannot be compared with de old banjo , On it I ’ ll end my song , and I ’ m not ashamed to deny The title that I give it , boys , was — root hog or die . Now I ’ ll tell you all , & c . Twenty Years Ago . 42 I have wander ’ d by the village , Tom — I ’ ve sat beneath the tree , Upon the school-house playing-ground which shelter ’ d you and me ; But none are left to greet me , Tom , and few are left to know That play ’ d with us upon the green just Twenty Years Ago . The grass is just as green , dear Tom , bare-footed boys at play Are sporting just as we were then , with spirits just as gay ; But master sleeps upon the hill , all coated o ’ er with snow , That afforded us a sliding-place just Twenty Years Ago . The old school-house is alter ’ d some , the benches are replaced By new ones , very like the same our penknives had defaced ; But the same old bricks are in the wall , the bell swings to and fro , The music just the same , dear Tom , ’ twas Twenty Years Ago . The boys are playing some old game , beneath that same old tree , I do forget the name just now — you have play ’ d the same with me ; On that same spot ’ twas play ’ d with knives , by throwing so and so , The leaders had a task to do there Twenty Years Ago . The river is running just as still — the willows on its side Are larger than they were , dear Tom , the stream appears less wide ; The grape-vine swing is ruin ’ d now , where once we play ’ d the beau , And swung our sweethearts , pretty girls , just Twenty Years Ago . The spring that bubbled ’ neath the hill , close by the spreading beach , Is very high —’ twas once so low that we could almost reach , But in kneeling down to get a drink , dear Tom , I started so , To see how sadly I am changed since Twenty Years Ago . Down by the spring upon an elm you know I cut your name — Your sweetheart is just beneath it Tom — and you did mine the same , Some heartless wretch has peel ’ d the bark —’ twas dying sure but slow , Just as the one whose name you cut did Twenty Years Ago . My lids have long been dry , dear Tom , but tears come in my eyes , I thought of her I loved so well — those early broken ties ; I visited the old churchyard , and took some flowers to strew Upon the graves of those we loved some Twenty Years Ago . Some are in the churchyard laid , some sleep beneath the sea , But few are left of our old class , excepting you and me : But when our time shall come , dear Tom , and we are call ’ d to go , I hope they ’ ll lay us were we play ’ d just Twenty Years Ago . Star Spangled Banner . 43 Oh ! say , can you see by the dawn ’ s early light , What so proudly we hail ’ d at the twilight ’ s last gleaming ; Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight , O ’ er the ramparts we watch ’ d , were so gallantly streaming And the rocket ’ s red glare , the bombs bursting in air , Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there , Oh ! say , does the star-spangled banner still wave , O ’ er the land of the free , and the home of the brave ? On the shore , dimly seen through the mist of the deep , Where the foe ’ s haughty host in dread silence reposes , What is that , which the breeze o ’ er the towering steep , As it fitfully blows , half conceal ’ d , half discloses ? Now it catches the gleam of the morning ’ s first beam , In full glory reflected now shines on the stream ; ’ Tis the star-spangled banner , Oh ! long may it wave , O ’ er the land of the free , and the home of the brave . And where is the band who so vauntingly swore That the havoc of war , and the battle ’ s confusion , A home and a country should leave us no more ? Their blood has wash ’ d out their foul footstep ’ s pollution . No refuge could save the hireling and slave , From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave ; And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave , O ’ er the land of the free , and the home of the brave . Oh ! thus be it ever when freemen shall stand Between their loved home and war ’ s desolation ; Bless ’ d with victory and peace may the Heaven-rescued land Praise the power that hath made and preserved us a nation . Then conquer we must , when our cause it is just , And this be our motto —“ In God is our trust !” And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave , O ’ er the land of the free , and the home of the brave . Song of the Sexton . 44 Oh , the sights that I see as I ply my lone trade , In the moldering dust that a cent ’ ry hath made , Where the coffin-worm doth creep . I began long ago , when my life was still green , And my mattock and spade have been active , I ween , To fashion the grave so deep . Ho ! I laugh as I dig , for they all seek my aid , To provide them a home with my mattock and spade . The rich man hath pass ’ d me with towering head , But I sang o ’ er his grave when the scorner was dead , And laugh ’ d as I shovel ’ d the mold . The hungry and wretched ne ’ er enter ’ d his door , His heart never bled for the wrongs of the poor , For the proud man well loved his gold . Ho ! I laugh ’ d as I dug , for they wanted my aid , To provide him a home with my mattock and spade . I saw a young man in the fresh bloom of life , As he came to the church with a trembling young wife , Lift against me the finger of scorn . Oh , the revel was joyous , the dance lasted long ; But the shriek of the widow soon banish ’ d the song — The young man died ere the morn ! Ho ! I laugh ’ d as I dug , when they came for my aid , To provide him a home with my mattock and spade . I saw a fair child bend her beautiful head , And cull the lone flowers that bloom o ’ er the dead , To form a pure simple wreath . The crimson of hectic suffused her pale face ; In her eyes fearful lustre I trembled to trace , The herald of early death . But I pray that ere then , the deep home I have made , May close over me , and my mattock and spade . Uncle Sam ’ s Farm . 45 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . Of all the mighty nations , in the East or in the West , Oh ! this glorious Yankee nation is the greatest and the best . We have room for all creation , and our banner is unfurl ’ d , Here is a general invitation to the people of the world . Chorus .— Come along , come along — make no delay , Come from every nation , come from every way ; Our land is broad enough — don ’ t be alarmed , For Uncle Sam is rich enough to give us all a farm . St. Lawrence marks our northern line , as fast her waters flow , And the Rio Grande our southern bound , way down to Mexico ; From the great Atlantic ocean , where the sun begins to dawn , Leaps across the Rocky Mountains , away to Oregon . Chorus .— Come along , come along , & c . The South may raise the cotton , and the West the corn and pork , New England manufactories shall do up the finer work ; For the deep and flowing waterfalls that course along our hills , Are just the thing for washing sheep and driving cotton mills . Chorus .— Come along , come along , & c . Our fathers gave us liberty , but little did they dream , The grand results that flow along this mighty age of steam ; For our mountains , lakes , and rivers are all a blaze of fire , And we send our news by lightning on the telegraphic wire . Chorus .— Come along , come along , & c . Yes , we are bound to beat the nations , for our motto ’ s go-ahead , And we ’ ll tell the foreign paupers that our people are well-fed ; For the nations must remember that Uncle Sam is not a fool , For the people do the voting , and the children go to school . Chorus .— Come along , come along , & c . Wait for the Wagon . 46 Will you come with me , my Phillis , dear , to yon blue mountain free , Where the blossoms smell the sweetest , come rove along with me . It ’ s every Sunday morning , when I am by your side , We ’ ll jump into the wagon , and all take a ride . CHORUS .— Wait for the wagon , Wait for the wagon , Wait for the wagon , And we ’ ll all take a ride . Where the river runs like silver , and the birds they sing so sweet , I have a cabin , Phillis , and something good to eat . Come listen to my story , it will relieve my heart , So jump into the wagon , and off we will start . Wait for the wagon , & c . Do you believe , my Phillis , dear , old Mike with all his wealth , Can make you half so happy , as I with youth and health ? We ’ ll have a little farm , a horse , a pig , and cow , And you will mind the dairy , while I do guide the plow . Wait for the wagon , & c . Your lips are red as poppies , your hair so slick and neat , All braided up with dahlias , and hollyhocks so sweet , It ’ s every Sunday morning , when I am by your side , We ’ ll jump into the wagon , and all take a ride . Wait for the wagon , & c . Together on life ’ s journey , we ’ ll travel till we stop , And if we have no trouble , we ’ ll reach the happy top . Then come with me , sweet Phillis , my dear , my lovely bride , We ’ ll jump into the wagon , and all take a ride . Wait for the wagon , & c . The Old Farm-House . 47 Oh , the old farm-house , down beside the valley stream , Where in childhood so oft I have play ’ d , Ere sorrow had clouded my heart ’ s early dream , Or life ’ s purest joys had decay ’ d ; How well I remember the vine-cover ’ d roof , And the rose-bushes clustering nigh , And the tall , stately poplar-trees standing aloof , Whose tops seem ’ d to reach to the sky , Oh ! the old farm-house , my childhood ’ s happy home . Oh , the old farm-house , how I ’ ve sported round its hearth With my sisters and brothers so dear ; How oft has it rung with our innocent mirth , And hallow ’ d our soft evening-prayer ; But the old farm-house now is bowing to decay , Its stones like dead friends lie apart ; But its dear , cherish ’ d image shall ne ’ er fade away From affection ’ s domain in my heart . Oh ! the old farm-house , my childhood ’ s happy home . The Sword of Bunker Hill . 48 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . He lay upon his dying bed , His eye was growing dim , When with a feeble voice he call ’ d , His weeping son to him : “ Weep not , my boy ,” the veteran said , “ I bow to Heaven ’ s high will , But quickly from yon antlers bring , The sword of Bunker hill .” But quickly from yon antlers bring , The sword of Bunker hill .” The sword was brought , the soldier ’ s eye Lit with a sudden flame ; And as he grasp ’ d the ancient blade , He murmur ’ d Warren ’ s name ; Then said , “ My boy , I leave you gold , But what is richer still , I leave you , mark me , mark me , now , The sword of Bunker Hill . I leave you , mark me , mark me , now , The sword of Bunker Hill . “ Twas on that dread , immortal day , I dared the Briton ’ s band , A captain raised this blade on me , I tore it from his hand ; And while the glorious battle raged , It lighten ’ d freedom ’ s will , For , boy , the God of Freedom bless ’ d The sword of Bunker Hill . For , boy , the God of Freedom bless ’ d The sword of Bunker Hill . “ Oh ! keep the sword ,” his accents broke , A smile , and he was dead ; But his wrinkled hand still grasp ’ d the blade , Upon that dying bed . The son remains , the sword remains , Its glory growing still , And twenty millions bless the sire And sword of Bunker Hill . And twenty millions bless the sire And sword of Bunker Hill . A National Song . 49 God of the Free ! to thee we look , As look ’ d our sires in days of old , When on thy breath invoked by prayer , Their banner for the Right unroll ’ d . That glorious banner still is ours ; Our falchions like their own shall start , When Freedom ’ s sent ’ nel-trumpet calls , To find the impious tyrant ’ s heart . Their sacred homesteads still we own , And still the wave of Plymouth rolls The hymn of Justice , Labor , Right , And blest Religion in our souls . Their mighty mission was not left By them in vain for us , for we , Heirs of a continent , are yet Subduing mountain , vale , and sea . How proudly on our march we go , With Washington ’ s own flag unfurl ’ d ; The blood of all the world is here , And he who strikes us , strikes the world ! Then wave thine oaken bough , O North ! O South ! exulting lift thy palms ; And in our Union ’ s heritage Together sing the Nation ’ s psalms . Belle Brandon . 50 ’ Neath a tree by the margin of a woodland , Whose spreading leafy boughs sweep the ground , With a path leading thither o ’ er the prairie , Where silence hung her night garb around ; Where oft I have wander ’ d in the evening , When the summer winds were fragrant on the lea , There I saw the little beauty Belle Brandon , And we met ’ neath the old arbor tree . REPEAT . There I saw the little beauty , Belle Brandon , And we met ’ neath the old arbor tree . Belle Brandon was a birdling of the mountain , In freedom she sported on the lea , And they said the life current of the red man Tinged her veins , from a far distant sea . And she loved her humble dwelling on the prairie , And her guileless happy heart clung to me , And I loved the little beauty , Belle Brandon , And we both loved the old arbor tree . REPEAT .— And I loved the little beauty , & c . On the trunk of an aged tree I carved them , And our names on the sturdy oak remain , But I now repair in sorrow to its shelter , And murmur to the wild winds my pain . And I sat there in solitude repining , For the beauty dream night brought to me , Death has wed the little beauty , Belle Brandon , And she sleeps ’ neath the old arbor tree . REPEAT .— Death has wed the little beauty , & c . The Dying Californian . 51 Lay up nearer , brother , nearer , for my limbs are growing cold , And thy presence seemeth dearer when thy arms around me fold I am dying , brother , dying , soon you ’ ll miss me in your berth , And my form will soon be lying ’ neath the ocean ’ s briny surf . Hearken to me , brother , hearken , I have something I would say , Ere this vail my vision darken , and I go from hence away ; I am going , surely going , but my hopes in God are strong , I am willing , brother , knowing that He doeth nothing wrong . Tell my father when you greet him , that in death I pray ’ d for him , Pray ’ d that I might one day meet him , in a world that ’ s free from sin ; Tell my mother , God assist her , now that she is growing old , Tell , her son would glad have kiss ’ d her , when his lips grew pale and cold . Hearken to me — catch each whisper , ’ tis my wife I speak of now . Tell , oh , tell her , how I miss ’ d her , when the fever burnt my brow : Hearken to me , closely listen , don ’ t forget a single word , That in death my eyes did glisten when the tears her memory stirr ’ d . Tell her then to kiss my children , like the kiss I last impress ’ d , Hold them fast as last I held them , fold ’ d closely to my breast ; Give them early to their Maker , putting all their trust in God , And He will never forsake her — He has said so in His word . O my childern , Heaven bless them ! they were all my life to me ; Would I could once more caress them , ere I sink beneath the sea ; ’ Twas for them I cross ’ d the ocean — what my hopes were I ’ ll not tell , But they have gain ’ d an orphan ’ s portion — yet He doeth all things well . Tell my sisters I remember every kindly parting word , And my heart has been kept tender by the thoughts their memory stirr ’ d ; Tell them I never reach ’ d the haven where I sought the precious dust , But I ’ ve gain ’ d a port call ’ d heaven , where the gold doth never rust . Urge them to secure an entrance , for they will find their brother there , Faith in Jesus and repentance will secure for them a share ; Hark ! I hear my Saviour calling —’ tis I know his voice so well , When I ’ m gone , oh , don ’ t be weeping , brother , hear my last farewell ! I want to go Home . 52 I want to go home , For never a place did I see , Wherever I roam , far away and alone , So dear as my own Tennessee . But now I am far away , To my home I must go soon , I want to go back to hunt for the deer track , And watch for the possum and coon . CHORUS . I want to go home , For never a place did I see , Wherever I roam far away and alone , So dear as my own Tennessee . I want to go where The sugar cane ’ s growing so green , For many a day have I wandered away , To watch the old mill by the stream . And when the night had come , And the darkey ’ s work was done , We ’ ve gathered around , for a dance on the green By the sound of the old Tamborine . But now I am far away , And lonely and sad is my lot , I never can rest till my journey is past , And I again seek my old cot . From my childhood ’ s happy home , I never more will roam . I will take by my side , my young Tennessee bride And live ever happy at home . Bold Privateer . 53 It ’ s oh ! my dearest Polly , you and I must part , I am going across the seas , love , I give to you my heart , My ship she lies in waiting , so fare thee well , my dear , I am just a going on board of the Bold Privateer . But oh , my dearest Johnny , great dangers have been cross ’ d , And many a sweet life by the seas has been lost ; You had better stop at home with the girl that loves you dear , Than to venture your life on the Bold Privateer . When the wars are over , may heaven spare my life , Then soon I will come back to my sweet , loving wife . Then soon I will get married to charming Polly dear , And forever bid adieu to the Bold Privateer . Oh ! my dearest Polly , your friends do me dislike , Besides you have two brothers who ’ d quickly take my life . Come , change your ring with me , my dear , come change your ring with me , And that shall be our token when I am on the sea . Heather Dale . 54 In a peaceful little valley , Where the violets grow , There I used to wander daily , Watching at the brooklet ’ s flow ; Not a spot I loved so dearly As this fragrant vale , And I never shall forget it , Lovely little Heather Dale ! Chorus .— Oh , how I always loved to , With my sister Nell , Roam in days of youthful pleasure In that little Heather Dale . There I ’ ve heard the little songsters Sing their songs of glee , Skipping from the waving tree-tops , ’ Twas a lovely sight to me ; Fragrance from the little flowers Fill ’ d each gentle gale , As they in their course came playing Through the little Heather Dale . Chorus .— Oh , how I always loved to , & c . Now those childhood ’ s days have fleeted , And no more I ’ ll roam , In that quiet little valley Near my old sequester ’ d home ; But I always shall remember Where I used to trail , Through that lone and silent valley , My own little Heather Dale . Chorus .— Oh , how I always loved to & c . The Marseilles Hymn . 55 Ye sons of Freedom , awake to glory ! Hark ! hark ! what myriads bid you rise ? Your children , wives , and grandsires hoary , Behold their tears and hear their cries . Shall hateful tyrants , mischiefs breeding , With hireling hosts , a ruffian band , Affright and desolate the land , While peace and liberty lie bleeding ? To arms ! to arms ! ye brave ! The avenging sword unsheath : March on ! march on ! all hearts resolved On victory or death . Now , now , the dangerous storm is rolling , Which treacherous kings confederate raise ; The dogs of war , let loose , are howling , And lo ! our fields and cities blaze ; And shall we basely view the ruin , While lawless force , with guilty stride , Spreads desolation far and wide , With crimes and blood his hands embruing ? To arms ! to arms ! ye brave , & c . With luxury and pride surrounded , The vile , insatiate despots dare , ( Their thirst of power and gold unbounded ) , To mete and vend the light and air . Like beasts of burden would they load us , Like gods would bid their slaves adore But man is man , and who is more ? Then shall they longer lash and goad us ? To arms ! to arms ! ye brave , & c . O Liberty ! can man resign thee , Once having felt thy generous flame ? Can dungeons , bolts , or bars confine thee ? Or whips thy noble spirit tame ? Too long the world has wept , bewailing That falsehood ’ s dagger tyrants wield , But freedom is our sword and shield , And all their arts are unavailing . To arms ! to arms ! ye brave , & c . Twinkling Stars . 56 Twinkling stars are laughing , love , Laughing on you and me , While your bright eyes look in mine , Peeping stars they seem to be ; Troubles come and go , love , Brightest scenes must leave our sight , But the star of hope , love , Shines with radiant beams to-night . CHORUS . Twinkling stars are laughing , love , Laughing on you and me , While your bright eyes look in mine , Peeping stars they seem to be . Golden beams are shining , love , Shining on you to bless , Like the queen of night , you fill Darkest space with loveliness . Silver stars how bright , love , Mother moon in thronely might , Gaze on us to bless , love , Purest vows here made to-night . CHORUS .— Twinkling stars , & c . Shells of the Ocean . 57 One summer eve , with pensive thought , I wandered on the sea-beat shore , Where oft , in heedless infant sport , I gathered shells in days before . I gathered shells , & c . The plashing waves , like music fell , Responsive to my fancy wild , A dream came o ’ er me like a spell , I thought I was again a child . A dream came o ’ er me like a spell , A dream came o ’ er me like a spell , I thought I was again a child . I stooped upon the pebbly strand , To cull the toys that ’ round me lay , But as I took them in my hand , I threw them one by one away . I threw them , & c . “ Oh , thus ,” I said , “ in every stage , By toys our fancy is beguiled , We gather shells from youth to age , And then we leave them like a child .” We gathere shells , & c . Old Dog Tray . 58 Copied by permission of FIRTH , POND & CO ., 547 Broadway , owners of the copyright . The morn of life is past , and evening comes at last , It brings me a dream of a once happy day , Of many forms I ’ ve seen , upon the village green , Sporting with my old Dog Tray . CHORUS . Old Dog Tray ’ s ever faithful , Grief can not drive him away He ’ s gentle , he is kind , I ’ ll never , never find , A better friend than old Dog Tray , The forms I call ’ d my own , have vanish ’ d one by one , The loved ones , the dear ones , have all pass ’ d away ; Their happy smiles have flown , their gentle voices gone , I have nothing left but old Dog Tray . Old Dog Tray ’ s ever faithful , Grief can never drive him away , He ’ s gentle , he is kind ; I ’ ll never , never find , A better friend than old Dog Tray . When thoughts recall the past , his eyes are on me cast , I know that he feels what my breaking heart would say , Although he can not speak , I ’ ll vainly , vainly seek , A better friend than old Dog Tray . Old Dog Tray ’ s ever faithful , Grief can not drive him away , He ’ s gentle , he is kind ; I ’ ll never , never find . A better friend than old Dog Tray . Red , White , and Blue . 59 Oh Columbia , the gem of the ocean , The home of the brave and the free , The shrine of each patriot ’ s devotion , A world offers homage to thee . Thy mandates make heroes assemble , When liberty ’ s form stands in view , Thy banners make tyranny tremble , When borne by the red , white , and blue . When borne by the red , white , and blue , When borne by the red , white , and blue , Thy banners make tyranny tremble , When borne by the red , white , and blue . When war waged its wide desolation , And threaten ’ d our land to deform , The ark then of freedom ’ s foundation , Columbia rode safe through the storm . With her garland of victory o ’ er her , When so proudly she bore her bold crew , With her flag proudly floating before her , The boast of the red , white , and blue . The boast of , & c . The wine cup , the wine cup bring hither , And fill you it up to the brim , May the wreath they have won never wither Nor the star of their glory grow dim , May the service united ne ’ er sever , And hold to their colors so true , The army and navy forever , Three cheers for the red , white , and blue . Three cheers for , & c . The Rock of Liberty . 60 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . Oh ! the firm old rock , the wave-worn rock , That braved the blast and the billow ’ s shock ; It was born with time on a barren shore , And it laugh ’ d with scorn at the ocean ’ s roar . ’ Twas here that first the Pilgrim band , Came weary up to the foaming strand ; And the tree they rear ’ d in the days gone by , It lives , it lives , it lives , and ne ’ er shall die . Thou stern old rock in the ages past , Thy brow was bleach ’ d by the warring blast ; But thy wintry toil with the wave is o ’ er , And the billows beat thy base no more . Yet countless as thy sands , old rock , Are the hardy sons of the Pilgrim stock ; And the tree they rear ’ d in the days gone by , It lives , it lives , it lives , and ne ’ er shall die . Then rest , old rock , on the sea-beat shore , Our sires are lull ’ d by the breaker ’ s roar ; ’ Twas here that first their hymns were heard O ’ er the startled cry of the ocean bird . ’ Twas here they lived , ’ twas here they died , Their forms repose on the green hill-side ; And the tree they rear ’ d in the days gone by , It lives , it lives , it lives , and ne ’ er shall die . Our Mary Ann . 61 Oh , fare you well , my own Mary Ann , Fare you well for a while ; The ship is ready , and the wind is fair , And I am bound for the sea , Mary Ann . Oh , didn ’ t you see your turtile dove , A sittin ’ on yonder pile , Lamenting the loss of his own true love , And so am I for my Mary Ann . Oh , fare you well , & c . A lobster in a lobster pot , A blue fish in a brook , May suffer some — but you know not , What I do feel for my Mary Ann . Oh , fare you well , & c . The pride of all the produce ground , The dinner kitchen-garden fruit , Is pnmpkins some , but can ’ t compare , The love I bear for my Mary Ann . Oh , fare you well , & c . Evening Star . 62 Beautiful star in heaven so bright , Softly falls thy silver light , As thou movest from earth afar , Star of the evening — beautiful star . Beautiful star , beautiful star , Star of the evening , Beautiful , beautiful star . In fancy ’ s eyes thou seemst to say , Follow me , come from earth away ; Upward they spirit ’ s pinions try , To realms of love beyond the sky . Beautiful star , & c . Shine on ! O star of love divine , And may our souls around thee twine , As thou movest from earth afar , Star of the twilight — beautiful star . Beautiful star , & c . The Age of Progress . 63 The age of giant progress , Americans all hail ! The land , all interwoven With telegraph and rail ; No sluggish chains shall bind us , No tardiness delay ; The morning light is breaking ( waking ) O ’ er our destiny . The age of trained lightning , “ Dispatching ” human thought ; What wondrous revolution The scheme of Morse hath wrought ! No time , no space can hinder The quick , electric fire ; Intelligence is flashing ( dashing ) O ’ er the magic wire . The age of grand conceptions , The “ cable of the deep !” It “ snapp ’ d ,” but we will mend it , We have no time to weep . The great Pacific Railroad ! ’ Twill not be long before The railroad cars are flying ( hieing ) From the golden shore . The age of priceless knowledge , The scholar ’ s jubilee ! The land all dotted over With institutions free . Our public schools ! Oh , hail them ! They offer treasures cheap : The boys and girls are scaling ( hailing ) Science ’ s rugged steep . Glad to Get Home . 64 Copied by permission of RUSSELL & TOLMAN , 291 Washington St ., Boston , owners of the copyright . Oh , how glad to get home , For far I ’ ve wander ’ d , Joyful , joyful I come , Dear home , to thee ! Fond ones welcome me here , Loved ones are near me ; Voices float on my ear , Sweet , sweet to me . CHORUS . Dear friends that are round me , haste with looks delighted , Days long vanish ’ d and gone , come to my heart . Dear home of my childhood , once again united , Never , never again from thee I ’ ll part . Father , in the warm grasp I feel thy welcome , Oh , from love ’ s tender clasp Ne ’ er let me fly ; Mother , fondly again Thou dost enfold me ; Tears I can not restrain Burst from mine eye . Chorus .— Dear friends that are round me , & c . Brother , still is thy brow Noble as ever , As I look on thee now , How swells my heart ! Sister , gentle and kind , Close to me clinging ; Now in love we are twined No more to part . Chorus .— Dear friends that are round me , & c . Blind Orphan Boy ’ s Lament . 65 “ They tell me that my mother ’ s sleeping In the church-yard far away , That she knows not I am weeping — Weeping all the live long day . “ They tell me that my father ’ s lying In the dark grave by her side ; That I ’ m left on life ’ s rough billow With no earthly friend or guide . “ When the wild woods echo loudly , And the merry songsters sing , When the winds are hurrying past me With sweet music on their wings , “ Methinks I hear my mother calling , And her grave I long to find ; But there ’ s no one here to lead me , For the orphan boy is blind .” He now sleeps within that church-yard Where he ofttimes long ’ d to be ; Angels bore his soul to heaven , Now the poor blind boy can see . The Lake-Side Shore . 66 Summer ’ s breath is lightly falling On the silent waters blue , And the moonbeams bright are sporting With the drops of glittering dew ; Hark ! away upon the waters There ’ s a sound of dipping oar , And a boat-song loudly chanted , Echoes down the lake-side shore . Now the night-bird ’ s song comes floating Sweetly down the midnight air , Waking all the depths , to listen To the birds that thus should dare To break the weird and solemn stillness , That had reign ’ d so long before , In the wood , and mead , and valley , On the silent lake-side shore . Now the song comes swelling bolder , And the boatman ’ s chant is heard , Louder o ’ er the distant waters , As it would outvie the bird ; But each song at last is finish ’ d , And the bird to rest once more , Leaves no sound to break the quiet Of the happy lake-side shore . Who can say there is no pleasure Thus to walk the night alone , Listening to the night-bird ’ s music , Or the boatman ’ s solemn tone ? Where is there a spot more lovely , Where the vail of night hangs o ’ er ? Where another place more lovely Than this silent lake-side shore ? The Tempest . 67 We were crowded in the cabin , Not a soul would dare to sleep , It was midnight on the waters , And the storm was o ’ er the deep ’ Tis a fearful thing in winter To be shatter ’ d by the blast , And to hear the trumpet thunder , “ Cut away the mast !” We shudder ’ d there in silence , For the stoutest held his breath , While the hungry sea was roaring , And the breakers talk ’ d with death ; Sad thus we sat in silence , All busy with our prayers , “ We ’ re lost !” the captain shouted , As he stagger ’ d down the stairs . But his little daughter whisper ’ d . As she took the icy hand , “ Is not God upon the waters , Just the same as on the land ?” Then we kiss ’ d the little maiden , And we spake of better cheer , As we anchor ’ d safe in harbor , Where the sun was shining clear . Chorus .— And a shout rose loud and joyous , As we grasp ’ d the friendly hand , God is on the waters , Just the same as on the land . E Pluribus Unum . 68 Copied by permission of PETERS & SONS , Fourth St. Cincinnati O owners of the Copyright . Though many and bright are the stars that appear In the flag of our country unfurl ’ d ; And the stripes that are swelling in majesty there , Like a rainbow adorning the world ; Their lights are unsullied as those in the sky , By a deed that our fathers have done , And they ’ re leagued in as true and as holy a tie , In their motto of “ Many in one .” From the hour when those patriots fearlessly flung That banner of star-light abroad , Ever true to themselves , to that motto they clung As they clung to the promise of God ; By the bayonet traced at the midnight of war , On the fields where our glory was won , Oh ! perish the hand , or the heart that would mar Our motto of “ Many in one .” ’ Mid the smoke of the contest , the cannon ’ s deep roar . How oft it hath gather ’ d renown ; While those stars were reflected in rivers of gore , When the cross and the lion went down . And though few were their lights in the gloom of that hour , Yet the hearts that were striking below , Had God for their bulwark , and truth for their power , And they stopp ’ d not to number the foe . We are many in one where there glitters a star In the blue of the heavens above , And tyrants shall quail ’ mid their dungeons afar , When they gaze on our motto of love . It shall gleam o ’ er the sea ’ mid the bolts of the storm , O ’ er the tempest , and battle , and wreck , And flame where our guns with their thunder grow warm , ’ Neath the blood on the slippery deck . Then up with our flag , let it stream on the air , Though our fathers are cold in their graves ; They had hands that could strike , they had souls that could dare , And their sons were not born to be slaves . Up , up with our banner where ’ er it may call , Our millions shall rally around , A nation of freemen that moment shall fall , When its stars shall be trail ’ d on the ground . A Good Time Coming . 69 There is a good time coming , boys , A good time coming ; There ’ s a good time coming , boys , Wait a little longer ; We may not live to see the day , But earth shall glisten in the ray Of the good time coming ; Cannon-balls may aid the truth , But thought ’ s a weapon stronger ; We ’ ll win our battles by its aid , Wait a little longer . There ’ s a good time coming , boys , A good time coming , There ’ s a good time coming , boys . Wait a little longer . There ’ s a good time coming , boys , A good time coming ; There ’ s a good time coming , boys , Wait a little longer ; The pen shall supersede the sword , And right , not might , shall be the lord , In the good time comidg ; Worth , not birth , shall rule mankind , And be acknowledged stronger , The proper impulse has been given , Wait a little longer . There ’ s a good time coming , boys , A good time coming , There ’ s a good time coming , boys , Wait a little longer . The Hills of New England . 70 The hills of New England , how proudly they rise , In their wildness of grandeur to blend with the skies , With their far azure outline , and tall , ancient trees , New England , my country , I love thee for these . The vales of New England , that cradle her streams , And smile in their beauty like land in our dreams ; All sunny with beauty , embosom ’ d in ease . New England , my country , I love thee for these . The woods of New England , still verdant and high , Though rock ’ d by the tempest of ages gone by ; Romance dims their arches , and speaks in the breeze , New England , my country , I love thee for these . The streams of New England , that roar as they go , Or seem in their wildness but dreaming to flow ; Oh ! bright gilds the sunbeam their march to the seas , New England , my country , I love thee for these . The homes of New England , free , fortuned , and fair ; Oh , many a heart treasures its seraphim there , E ’ en more than thy mountains or streamlets they please , New England , my country , I love thee for these . God shield thee , New England , dear land of my birth , And thy children that wander afar on the earth ; Thou still art my country , where ’ er I am cast ,— Take thou to thy bosom my ashes at last . The Old Folks we Loved Long Ago . 71 Battling with life , ’ Mid care and strife , The daily toils in hope I undergo ; Yet mem ’ ry will wander , Fonder oh , fonder , To the dear old folks I loved long ago . Long years have gone Since in the morn Of life I heard the river ’ s gentle flow ; And oft mem ’ ry lingers , As point time ’ s fingers , To the dear old folks I loved long ago . Dell , hill , and tree , Flower , bird , and bee , All as of yore , make music sweet and low , And , though on earth riven , I hope to meet in heaven The dear old folks I loved long ago . Then up , my soul , Strive for the goal , Oh , linger not to weep and wail in woe ; For far in yon azure blue Methinks I yet may know The dear old folks I loved long ago . CONTENTS OF Beadle ’ s Dime Song Book , NO . 2 . Alice Gray , America , Banks of the Old Mohawk Be Kind to Each Other , Billy Grimes the Rover , Bryan O ’ Lynn , Come Sit Thee Down , Cora Lee , Crazy Jane , Darling Nelly Moore , Darling Old Stick , Fireman ’ s Victory , Good News from Home , Good-Night , Grave of Lilly Dale , Graves of a Household , Home , Sweet Home , I have no Mother Now , I ’ m leaving Thee in Sorrow , Annie , I miss Thee so , I Shouldn ’ t like to Tell , I Wandered by the Brook-Side , Katy Darling , Kathleen Mavourneen , Little Katy ; or , Hot Corn , Mary of the Wild Moor , Mable Clare , Mary Alleen , Mill May , Minnie Moore , Minnie Dear , Mrs. Lofty and I , Mr. Finagan , My Eye and Betty Martin , My Love is a Saileur Boy , My Mother Dear , My Grandmother ’ s Advice , My Mother ’ s Bible , New England , Oh ! I ’ m Going Home , Oh ! Scorn not thy Brother , O ! the Sea , the Sea , Old Sideling Hill , Our Boyhood Days , Our Father Land , Peter Gray , Rory O ’ More , Somebody ’ s waiting for Somebody , The Farmer Sat in his Easy Chair , The Farmer ’ s Boy , The Irishman ’ s Shanty , The Old Folks are Gone , The Post-Boy ’ s Song , The Quilting Party , Three Bells , ’ Tis Home where the Heart is , Waiting for the May , We Stand Here United , What other Name than Thine , Mother ? Where the Bright Waves are Dashing , What is Home without a Mother , Widow Machree , Willie ’ s on the Dark Blue Sea , Winter-Sleigh-Bell Song , Nancy Bell ; or , Old Pine Tree . CONTENTS OF Beadle ’ s Dime Song Book , NO . 3 . Annie , Dear , Good-by , A Sailor ’ s Life for Me , Bessy was a Sailor ’ s Bride , Bonny Jean , Comic Katy Darling , Comic Parody , Darling Jenny Bell , Darling Rosabel , Death of Annie Laurie , Ettie May , Few Days , Give ’ em String and let ’ em Went , Go it while You ’ re Young , Hail Columbia , Happy Hezekiah , I ’ d Choose to be a Daisy , I have Something Sweet to Tell You , Isle of Beauty , I Think of Old Ireland wherever I Go , Jeannette and Jeannot , John Jones , Jordan is a Hard Road to Travel , Kitty Kimo , Lather and Shave , Lager Bier Song , Linda has Departed , Lillie Bell , Love Not , Man the Life-Boat , My Dear Old Mother , My Girl with a Calico Dress , My Heart ’ s in Old Ireland , My Poor Dog Tray , Old Rosin the Bow , Over the Left , Old Dog Tray , No . 2 . Parody on the West , Pop Goes the Weasel , Pretty Jane , Rosa Lee , Song of the Locomotive , Sparking Sarah Jane , The American Girl , The American Boy , The Boys of Kilkenny , The Emigrant ’ s Farewell , The Fine Old English Gentleman , The Fine Old Irish Gentleman , The Fine Old Dutchman , The Fireman ’ s Death , The Fireman ’ s Boy , The Girl I Left behind Me , The Gold-Digger ’ s Lament , The Indian Hunter , The Old Oaken Bucket , The Old Whiskey Jug , The Other Side of Jordan , The Pirate ’ s Serenade , The Yellow Rose of Texas , Ten O ’ Clock , or , Remember , Love , Remember , Tilda Horn , True Blue , To the West , Uncle Ned , Unhappy Jeremiah , Vilkins and his Dinah , We Miss Thee at Home , What Will Mrs. Grundy Say ? Woodman , Spare that Tree . CONTENTS OF Beadle ’ s Dime Song Book , No . 4 . Ain ’ t I Glad to get out of the Wilderness , A National Song , Answer to Katy Darling , A Merry Gipsy Girl again , A Parody on “ Uncle Sam ’ s Farm ,” Ben Fisher and Wife , Bonnie Jamie , Broken-Hearted Tom , the Lover , By the Sad Sea-Waves , Columbia Rules the Sea , Come , Gang awa ’ wi ’ Me , Commence you Darkies all , Cottage by the Sea , Daylight is on the Sea , Don ’ t you cry so , Norah , Darling , Erin is my Home , Gal from the South , He Led Her to the Altar , Home , Sweet Home , I am a Freeman , I ’ ll hang my Harp on a Willow-Tree , I ’ m not Myself at all , Indian Hunter , I ’ ve been Roaming o ’ er , the Prairie , I Wish He would Decide , Mamma , Jane Monroe , Johnny is Gone for a Soldier , Jolly Jack the Rover , Kate was once a little Girl , Kitty Tyrrel , Let Me Kiss Him for his Mother , Linda ’ s Gone to Baltimore , Maud Adair , and I , Molly Bawn , My ain Fireside , My Boyhood ’ s Home , Nora , the Pride of Kildare , O , God ! Preserve the Mariner , Oh , Kiss , but never tell , Old Uncle Edward , Paddy on the Canal , Poor old Maids , Ship A-Hoy ! Somebody ’ s Courting Somebody , Song of the Farmer , Song of Blanche Alpen , Sparking Sunday Night , Sprig of Shilleleh , Stand by the Flag , The Farmer ’ s Boy , The Hazel Dell , The Harp that once Through Tara ’ s Hall , The Indian Warrior ’ s Grave , The Little Low Room where I Courted my Wife , The Low Backed Car , The Old Brown Cot , The Old Kirk-Yard , The Railroad Engineer ’ s Song , They don ’ t wish Me at Home , Tom Brown , Terry O ’ Reilly , Uncle Gabriel , Uncle Tim the Toper , We were Boys and Girls together , We are Growing Old together , We are all so Fond of Kissing , Where are now the Hopes I Cherished ? Within a Mile of Edinburgh Town , Would I were a Boy again , Would I were a Girl again , Would I were with Thee . CONTENTS OF Beadle ’ s Dime Song Book NO . 5 . A Dollar or Two , A Man ’ s a Man for a ’ That , Angel ’ s Whisper , Auld Lang Syne , A Yankee Ship , and a Yankee Crew , Bashful Young Man , Call Me Pet Names , Camptown Races , Charity , Cheer , Boys , Cheer , Comin ’ Thro ’ the Rye , Der mot Astore , Dilla Burn , Down the Burn , Davy , Love , Dumbarton ’ s Bonnie Dell , Ever of Thee , Gum-Tree Canoe , Hark ! I hear an Angel Sing , I ’ d Offer Thee this Hand of Mine , In the Days when I Was Hard Up , John Anderson , my Jo , John , Johnny was a Shoemaker , Kind Relations , Last Week I took a Wife , Mary of Argyle , Meet Me by Moonlight , Napolitaine , Norah M ’ Shane , Nothing Else to Do , Och ! Paddy , is it Yerself ? Oft in the Stilly Night , Roll on Silver Moon , Sambo , I have Miss ’ d You , Sammy Slap , the Bill-Sticker , Simon the Cellarer , Something to Love Me , Some Love to Drink , Sourkrout and Sausages , Still so Gently o ’ er Me Stealing , The Gay Cavalier , The Gambler ’ s Wife , The Grave of Uncle True , The Grave of Bonaparte , The Ingle Side , The Irish Emigrant ’ s Lament , The Ivy Green , The Lass that Loves a Sailor , The Last Rose of Summer , The Lily of the West , The Minute Gun at Sea , The Monks of Old , The Musical Wife , The Ocean Burial , The Old Arm-Chair , The Poor Little Fisherman ’ s Girl , The Rat-catcher ’ s Daughter , The Rose of Allendale , The Tail iv Me Coat , The Watcher , Thou art Gone from my Gaze , Thou hast Wounded the Spirit , ’ Tis Midnight Hour , Twilight Dews , Umbrella Courtship , Wake ! Dinah , Wake ! Washington , Star of the West , We ’ ll have a little Dance To-Night Boys , We Met by Chance , When I Saw Sweet Nelly Home , When the Swallows Homeward Fly , Whoop de Doodle do , William of the Ferry , Will You Love Me Then as Now ? CONTENTS OF Beadle ’ s Dime Song Book , NO . 6 . Annie Lisle , Beautiful World , Be Kind to the Loved Ones , Bobbin ’ Around , Bonnie Dundee , Courting in Connecticut , Dearest Mae , Dear Mother , I ’ ll Come again , Ella Ree , Fairy Dell , Far , far upon the Sea , Gentle Hallie , Gentle Nettie Moore , Happy are we To-night , Hattie Lee , He Doeth All Things Well , I can not Call her Mother , I ’ ll Paddle my own Canoe , I ’ m Standing by thy Grave , Mother , Is it Anybody ’ s Business ? Jane O ’ Malley , Jenny Lane , Joanna Snow , Johnny Sands , Lilly Dale , Little more Cider , Lulu is our Darling Pride , Marion Lee , Meet me by the Running Brook , Minnie Clyde , Not for Gold , Not Married Yet , Oh , carry me Home to Die , Oh ! Silber Shining Moon , Oh ! Spare the Old Homestead , Old Homestead , Ossian ’ s Serenade , Over the River , Riding on a Rail , Sailor Boy ’ s Last Dream , “ Say Yes , Pussy ,” Spirit Voice of Belle Brandon , Squire Jones ’ s Daughter , The Bloom is on the Rye , The Blue Junietta , The Carrier Dove , The Child ’ s Wish , The Cottage of my Mother , The Female Auctioneer , The Irish Jaunting Car , The Lords of Creation shall Woman obey , The Maniac , The Merry Sleigh-Ride , The Miller ’ s Maid , The Modern Belle , The Mountaineer ’ s Farewell , The Old Mountain Tree , The Strawberry Girl , The Snow Storm , The Song my Mother used to Sing , Three Grains of Corn , Washington ’ s Grave , What is Home without a Sister , Where are the Friends ? Why Chime the Bells so Merrily ? Why don ’ t the Men propose ? Will Nobody Marry Me ? Young Recruit . CONTENTS OF Beadle ’ s Dime Song Book , NO . 7 . A Ride I once was Taking , Beautiful Venice , Billy Patterson , Breeze of the Night , Bright-Eyed Little Nell of Narragansett Bay , Come , Willie dear , I ’ m weeping now , Deal with me Kindly , Dixie ’ s Land No . 1 , Dixie ’ s Land No . 2 , Dolcy Jones , Down among the Cane-Brakes , Fairy Belle , Farewell , old Cottage , Glendy Burk , Here ’ s a Health to thee , Tom Moore , Ho , Gondolier , awake , How shall I watch thy Coming , Hush-a-by , Baby , I Love my Native Land , It is Recorded , Julianna Johnson , Lily Ray , Little Daisy , Little Ella , Maggie by my Side , Maggie , the Pride of the Vale , Mary May , Mary ’ s Welcome Home , Massa in de Cold Ground , Massa sound is Sleeping , My Brodder Gum , My Canoe is on the Ohio , My old House , my dear , happy Home , My own Mountain Home , Nelly Bly , No , thank you , Sir , or Fairy May , Oh , don ’ t you remember the Time , Oh , I ’ m a jolly Bachelor , Old Ironsides , Old K. Y. Ky , Our Union , Right or Wrong , Over the Summer Sea , Paddy Boghree , Queen Mary ’ s Escape , Revolutionary Times , Ring de Banjo , Roy , Neill , She ’ s Black , but that ’ s no matter , Some Folks , Take me Home to Die , The Anchor ’ s Weighed , The Evening Gun , The Happy Switzer , The Home I leave Behind Me , The Messenger Bird , The Newfoundland Dog , The Old Stage Coach , The Pilot , The Reefer ’ s Song , The Ship on Fire , The Sleighing Glee , The Star of my Home , Under the Willow she ’ s sleeping , Virginia Belle , Way down in Cairo , We are Coming , Sister Mary , Who ’ ll have me , Willie , my Brave , Will you list to me , Nellie ? $ 20 Worth of Music for Ten Cents ! BEADLE ’ S DIME MELODIST , COMPRISING THE MUSIC AND WORDS CONTENTS : A Hundred Years Ago , A Lowly Youth , Anna Bell , Annie Lowe , Be Quiet do , I ’ ll Call my Mother , Bime , Bome Bell , Bonny Eloise , Carry Me Home to Tennessee , Ettie May , Far on the Deep Blue Sea , Fare Thee well , Katy Dear , Forgive but don ’ t Forget , Hope on , Hope Ever , I had a Gentle Mother , I ’ ll Dream of Thee no More , In the Wild Chamois ’ Track , Keemo Kimo , Jennie with her Bonnie Blue E ’ e , Love Me little , Love Me long , Marion Lee , Mary of Lake Enon , Mary of the Glen , Mother , Sweet Mother , why Linger Away ? My Soul in one unbroken Sigh , Oft in the Stilly Night , Oh , my Love he is a Salieur , Oh , Whisper what Thou Feelest , Old Josey , Once upon a Time , One Cheering Word , One Parting Song , and then Farewell , Poor Thomas Day , Pretty Nelly , Round for Three Voices , Scenes that are Brightest , Sleeping I Dreamed , Love , Softly ye Night Winds , Some One to Love , Strike the Light Guitar , Swinging , Swinging all Day Long , ’ Tis Pleasant to be Young , ’ Tis the Witching Hour of Love , The Dearest Spot of Earth , The Female Smuggler , The Good-by at the Door , The Hazel Dell , The Leaves that Fall in Spring , The Low-Backed Car , The Mother ’ s Smile , The Old Folks are Gone , The Winds that Waft my Sighs to Thee , There is a Flower that Bloometh , There is Darkness on the Mountain , Thou art Mine own , Love , Where is Home ? Why do I Weep for Thee ? Widow Machree , Wild Tiadatton , Winsome Winnie , Work , Work , Yes , let Me like a Soldier Die . BEADLE ’ S Dime Cook Book . CONTENTS . Seven Recipes to make BREAD , Six Recipes to make BISCUITS or ROLLS , Seventeen Recipes to make HOT BREAD and CAKES , Fourteen Recipes for BREAKFAST DISHES , Sixteen Recipes for Preparing BEEF for the Table , Eleven Recipes for Preparing VEAL for the Table , Fifteen Recipes for Preparing MUTTON for the Table , Fourteen Recipes for Preparing PORK for the Table , Twelve Recipes for Preparing POULTRY and GAME for the Table , Ten Recipes for Preparing FISH for the Table , Nine Recipes for NICE BREAKFAST DISHES , Ten Recipes for SOUPS , Eighteen Recipes for VEGETABLES , Seven Recipes for SAUCES , Eighteen Recipes for PIES , Twenty-one Recipes for PUDDINGS , Thirty Recipes for CAKES , Five Recipes for TEA , COFFEE , and CHOCOLATE , Twelve Recipes for JELLIES , Sixteen Recipes for PRESERVES , Eight Recipes to KEEP and DRY FRUITS , Four Recipes for JAMS . HAND-BOOKS FOR HOUSEKEEPERS . BEADLE ’ S DIME COOK-BOOK , BEADLE ’ S DIME RECIPE-BOOK , BEADLE ’ S DIME DRESS-MAKER AND MILLINER , BEADLE ’ S DIME BOOK OF ETIQUETTE , BEADLE ’ S DIME FAMILY PHYSICIAN . The COOK-BOOK embraces Recipes , Directions , Rules and Facts relating to every department of Housekeeping . The RECIPE-BOOK is a perfect treasure house of knowledge , for the kitchen , parlor , nursery , sick-room , the toilet , & c ., & c . The BOOK OF ETIQUETTE can truly be called a useful work . It embodies all the information necessary to “ post ” the reader , old or young , male or female , upon every point of etiquette or social usage . The FAMILY PHYSICIAN is an invaluable hand-book for the family and an indispensable aid to the thrifty housewife . BOOKS FOR THE SCHOOL AND HOME STUDENTS . BEADLE ’ S DIME SPEAKER Nos . 1 & 2 , BEADLE ’ S DIME DIALOGUES Nos . 1 & 2 , BEADLE ’ S DIME SCHOOL MELODIST , BEADLE ’ S DIME LETTER-WRITER . This series of educational works is designed to meet the wants of every school , public or private — every scholar , male or female , in our country . MUSIC AND SONG . Beadle ’ s Dime Song Books , No ’ s 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 & 7 BAEDLE ’ S DIME MILITARY SONG BOOK , BEADLE ’ S DIME MELODIST — Words and Music . GAMES , AMUSEMENTS , & C . BEADLE ’ S DIME BASE-BALL PLAYER , BEADLE ’ S DIME GUIDE TO CRICKET , BEADLE ’ S DIME GUIDE TO SWIMMING , BEADLE ’ S DIME BOOK OF DREAMS , BEADLE ’ S DIME BOOK OF FUN , Nos . 1 & 2 , BEADLE ’ S DIME CHESS INSTRUCTOR . BEADLE ’ S DIME BIOGRAPHICAL LIBRARY . No . 1 .— GARIBALDI : THE WASHINGTON OF ITALY . No . 2 .— DANIEL BOONE : THE HUNTER OF KENTUCKY . No . 3 .— KIT CARSON : THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN SCOUT AND GUIDE . No . 4 .— MAJOR-GENERAL ANTHONY WAYNE : THE REVOLUTIONARY PATRIOT AND INDIAN CONQUEROR . No . 5 .— COL . DAVID CROCKETT : AND HIS ADVENTURES . No . 6 .— JOHN PAUL JONES : THE NAVAL HERO OF ’ 76 . HAVE YOU A FRIEND IN THE ARMY ? Send Him The Military Hand-Book . The great want of a MILITARY HAND-BOOK of General and Special Information on all matters connected with a Soldier ’ s Life and Experience , has induced the publishers of the Dime Publications to have prepared , by competent hands , a work which will fully answer the requirements of the market . They have , therefore , to announce THE MILITARY HAND-BOOK , AND SOLDIERS ’ MANUAL OF INFORMATION . Embracing Pay-Lists of Officers and Men — Rations — Incidents of Camp-Life — Hints on Health and Comfort — How to Prepare Good Food from Poor Rations — Recipes — Wounds , and How to Care for Them — All about Weapons of War , etc . ; also Official Articles of War , AND A COMPLETE DICTIONARY OF MILITARY TERMS . ☞ This admirable volume is published in large 12mo ., with a beautifully Engraved and Colored Cover , and can be had of all News Dealers at the low sum of TWENTY-FIVE CENTS . BEADLE AND COMPANY , Publishers , 141 William St ., New York . Transcriber ’ s Notes : Page numbers are displayed in the right margin . Words in italics are surrounded by underscores , like this . Unprinted letters and punctuation marks were added . Other punctuation marks were amended for consistency within the book . On page 56 , duplicate ‘ to ’ was removed from ‘... Peeping stars they seem to to be ;...’ In “ The Sword of Bunker Hill ,” the last two lines of each stanza were bracketed with the word “ Repeat .” The brackets were removed and the two lines were duplicated in each stanza . Misspelled words , below , were retained as printed : Pg 12 -  ‘ permisson ’ for ‘ permission ’ Pg 21 -  ‘ afface ’ for ‘ efface ’ Pg 26 -  ‘ Jane ’ for ‘ Juney ’ Pg 33 -  ‘ sororws ’ for ‘ sorrows ’ Pg 40 -  ‘ tallk ’ for ‘ talk ’ Pg 51 -  ‘ childern ,’ possible misprint for ‘ children ’ Pg 57 -  ‘ gathere ,’ for ‘ gathered ’ or ‘ gather ’ Pg 61 -  ‘ pnmpkins ’ for ‘ pumpkins ’ Pg 69 -  ‘ comidg ’ for ‘ coming ’ Advert , penultimate page , ‘ BAEDLE ’ S ’ for ‘ BEADLE ’ S ’