2 BEADLES 2 DIME UNION Illustration SONG BOOK No . 2 . NEW-YORK : AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY , 121 NASSAU STREET . BEADLE ’ S DIME Illustration ’ UNION SONG BOOK No . 2 . COMPRISING NEW AND POPULAR PATRIOTIC SONGS FOR THE TIMES . Illustration NEW YORK AND LONDON : Beadle and Company , 141 William St ., N. Y . 44 PATERNOSTER ROW , LONDON . Entered according to Act of Congress , In the year 1861 , BY BEADLE AND COMPANY , in the Clerk ’ s Office of the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York . CONTENTS . PAGE . A Life in the Soldier ’ s Camp , 63 A Mother ’ s Hymn in Time of War , 54 A Soldier ’ s Dream of Home , 64 A Yankee Volunteer , 65 Away to the Fray , 55 Battle Invocation , 72 Beautiful Union , 49 Begone , Sesesh , 43 Blue Jackets , Fall in , 20 Draw the Sword , Northland , 11 Drummer Boy of the National Greys , 38 “ E Pluribus Unum ,” 31 Flag Song , 24 Following the Drum , 40 Gathering Song , 15 Give us Room , 69 Hail Columbia , 77 Hark ! to the Tread , 28 Hurrah for the Land we Love , 13 Liberty , 16 Mustering Chorus , 42 My Love he is a Zou-zu , 26 Our Country , Now and Ever , 25 Our Flag , 35 Rally , Boys ! 58 Remember Traitors , 48 Rule , Columbia , 45 Song of the Zouaves , 21 Song of Union , 61 Stand by the Union , 37 Summons to the North , 9 Sweet is the Fight , 47 Sweet Maid of Erin , 36 The Alarum , 71 The Banner of Stars , 33 The Birth of our Banner , 30 The Brave and Free , 46 The Delaware Volunteers , 34 The Flag and the Union , 10 The Flag of the Brave , 67 The Flag of the Free , 14 The Great Union Club , 12 The “ Mud-Sills ” Greeting , 59 The Nation of the Free , 57 The Northmen are Coming , 22 The Northern Hurrah , 32 The Past and Present , 60 The Patriot ’ s Address , 73 The Patriot ’ s Serenade , 44 The Patriot ’ s Wish , 74 The Patriot Soldier , 68 The Star-Gemmed Flag , 50 The Star Flag , 5 The Star-Spangled Banner , 76 The Stripes and Stars , 27 The Union Gunning Match , 56 The Union Harvesting , 75 The Union Marseillaise , 70 The Union Sacrifice , 18 The Volunteer Yankee Doodle of ’ 61 , 23 Three Cheers for our Banner , 66 Traitor , Spare that Flag , 62 Union Forever , 7 Victory ’ s Band , 41 Volunteer ’ s Song , 53 Where Liberty dwells there is my Country , 8 Wife of my Bosom , 17 Words of Sympathy , 52 5 BEADLE ’ S DIME UNION SONG BOOK No . 2 . The Star-Flag . AIR — The Star-Spangled Banner . When our fathers in vain sought redress from the throne , And the tyrant grew mad in his thirst for dominion , Earth shook while the bugle of conflict was blown ; And our eagle unfolded his newly-fledged pinion . Men with hair thin and white , Bared their arms for the fight , And the lad of sixteen made the dull weapon bright ; While gilding the battle-storm , rolling in wrath , The star-flag of Freedom streamed full on their path . The bird to that banner forever allied , Was born in the cloud , and baptized by the thunder ; And deeply in blood will his talons be dyed , Ere its clustering stars shall be riven asunder . And fiercely their light , Through the smoke of the fight , Shall flash , making traitors grow pale at the sight ; And the sun , overtaken by death , shall grow cold , When the banner we hail is no longer unrolled . Black treason shall never put foot on the flag 6 That floated the blast when Cornwallis was taken ; And ere it give place to a Palmetto rag , The dead on the fields of their fame will awaken , Oh , shall it be furled , Bringing night on the world , While the house of our fathers in ruin is hurled ! The brigand and traitor may hear a reply In the clash of our steel and the rallying cry . Our bold Harry Clay loved this land of the free — His name from old Jackson we will not dissever ; Then spliced be your Ash to the Hickory-tree , And let them be symbols of Union forever . Without fear in their hearts , Well they acted their parts , Though traitors showered on them their deadliest darts ; And true to their Maker , and faithful to man , The standard of Freedom they bore in the van . From the North to the Tropic shall float on the gale Our star-flag , upheld by the brave and the just ; Though a wretched Disunion banditti assail , They shall not drag down its proud eagle to dust . Then arm for the strife , Give them war to the knife , And light in the balance with Union hold life ; Our flag to the breeze that a Washington blest , Though torn must wave over Charleston again . 7 Union Forever . Copied by permission of FIRTH , POND & CO ., Music Publishers , 547 Broadway , N. Y ., owners of the copyright . The Union of States forever will stand , The watchword of Freedom and Fame , A refuge for all from tyranny ’ s sway , An altar for Liberty ’ s flame . That Banner , bedecked by Heaven ’ s own tints , When threatened with insult or scorn , Each Patriot heart will rally around , To shelter its folds from the storm ! CHORUS . The Union of States forever will stand , Defying oppression ’ s dark blight ; Forever our flag will wave o ’ er the land , The ensign of Freedom and Light . Columbia ’ s sons triumphant will breast Disunion ’ s tempestuous sea , Our grand old Ship forever will sail , The pride of the brave and the free . What God in his mercy hath wisely ordained , Forever a nation to stand , Not all foreign factions or traitors combined Can ever defame or disband . CHORUS . The Union of States forever will stand , Defying oppression ’ s dark blight ; Forever our Flag will wave o ’ er the land , The ensign of Freedom and Light . 8 Where Liberty dwells , there is my Country . Copied by permission of HORACE WATERS , Music Publisher , 481 Broadway , N. Y ., owner of the copyright . Where Liberty dwells is my country ; There , only there ; there , only there ; Where Liberty dwells is my country ; There , and only there . [ A ] Though storms should howl around her , And skies be overcast , And the good ship seem just to founder , Still , boys , we give to the blast : Chorus .— Where Liberty dwells , etc . That land ; we will defend her , While floats our flag on high ; Our motto is , “ Never surrender ,” Fight till we conquer or die . [ Chorus . That star-sprent flag once covered Our Washington , the blest ; That eagle victorious has hovered Long o ’ er our bravest and best . [ Chorus . And know , there ’ s One who never Bids a good cause go down ; God reigns , and His favor is ever With us — with our foes , His frown . [ Chorus . Sing , then ; bid those who love us , Join in our song so free ; The heavens are smiling above us , Success , peace and liberty . [ Chorus . [ A ] Repeat first four lines at commencement of each stanza . 9 Summons to the North . AIR — To the West — to the West . To the field ! to the field ! where our comrades now stand , For the cause of the Union , the life of our land ! Where the sons of the North for their liberties fight , And the men of all nations combine for the right ; Where the children of Erin with Britons conjoin , And the Gaul and the German press loin unto loin ; And the men of Italia and Hungary true Are surrounding the Flag of the Red , White and Blue ! CHORUS . To the field ! to the field ! let no freeman delay ! For our cause is the Union ’ s , our time is to-day ! If the power of the Northland triumphant would be , It must rise like the tempest , and surge like the sea . ’ Tis a cause —’ tis a cause that makes heroes of all ; For the Union , the Union to conquer or fall ! ’ Tis the cause of mankind , ’ tis the cause of the world , That our swords are unsheathed for , our banners unfurled ! And the heart of the vassal on Muscovite plains , And the soul of the Polander , weary of chains , And the pulse of the Magyar , the brain of the Greek , Will respond with the hopes that their lips dare not speak . To the field ! etc . 10 The Flag and the Union . AIR — Bay of Biscay , O ! Loud roared Disunion ’ s thunder , And Treason ’ s fires burned red ; Our nation , rent asunder , Beheld the tempest dread ; From Sumter ’ s blazing spars , Our glorious flag of stars , Torn away , Prostrate lay , Under sway of Rebels , O ! But upward rose our Nation , Aroused by war ’ s alarms ; With one loud declaration The people sprung to arms — “ Our Flag ,” they cried , “ shall wave ! Our Union we will save ! Clear the way , For the fray ! We ’ ll repay these Rebels , O !” “ Our course by heaven is guided — Its goal yet shines afar — Our Union undivided — Our flag with every star ! From Rio Grande ’ s shore , To ice-bound Labrador , Land and sea Shall be free From the sway of Rebels , O !” 11 Draw the Sword , Northland . AIR — Draw the Sword , Scotland . Draw the sword , Northland ! Northland ! Northland ! Too long have we parleyed with insolent foes ; Arise for the Union , Union , Union ! Even as for freedom our fathers arose ! From valleys and mountains , clustering , clustering , From forest and prairie , and shores of the sea ; For Freedom ’ s great battle-field mustering , mustering , Beneath the star-banner , the Flag of the Free ! Draw the sword , Northland ! Northland ! Northland ! Charge on Rebellion and all its dark powers ; Strike for the Union , Union , Union ! He who holds back is no comrade of ours ! Sheathe the sword , Northland ! Northland ! Northland ! Only when Rebels no longer contend — Only when Union , Union , Union ! Shall weld a new bond that no Treason can rend ! When the dread struggle is over , over , And Liberty ’ s duty is fairly done , We will offer our hands to the vanquished , vanquished , And bid them be once more the Many in One ! Sheathe the sword , Northland ! Northland ! Northland ! Only when Treason no longer lowers ! Only when Union , Union , Union ! For all the great Future , is ours , still ours ! 12 The Great Union Club . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Villikins and Dinah . There is an old gent and his name it is Abe , He is a rail-splitter , for so it is said , But for the whole Union he ever was true , And thought it a farce to split it in two . CHORUS . Rub-be-dub , rub-be-dub , rub-be-dub , dub , Oh march to the tap of the rub-be-dub , dub , Old Abe he is raising a “ Great Union Club ,” To give the Seceshers a very hard rub . When Abe was elected ’ twas late in the Fall , As President , over Seceshers and all , And by all the rails in the Union did swear — Jacksonian like — to act on the square . Seceshers were trying to frighten old Abe , By blowing and stealing — their favorite trade — But when they had made a considerable noise , Old Abe gave a yell for some of “ The Boys .” The yell it was heard , and it had its effect , To play “ Help your neighbor ,” “ The Boys ” did collect ; Secesh “ couldn ’ t see it ”— he found he was matched , Had counted his chickens before they were hatched . To fence in the Union , without any bars , Old Abe is at work by the light of the Stars ; It soon will be finished , and when he is through , He ’ ll paint it all over with Red , White and Blue . 13 Hurrah for the Land we Love . AIR — A Life on the Ocean Wave . Hurrah for the land we love ! Hurrah for the laws we keep ! Our Banner we ’ ve nailed above , And our Faith is anchored deep ! Let the trembling knave betray , Let the paltry changeling fly ; There will come an answering day , For our Cause can never die . CHORUS . Then , hurrah for the land we love , And hurrah for the laws we keep ! Our Banner is nailed above , And our Faith is anchored deep ! A lesson the traitors teach , And a lesson the cowards give , ’ Tis easy the Right to preach , But ’ tis harder the Right to live ! We laugh at the weak-kneed crew Who shiver on Faction ’ s shore ; But with Brothers yet firm and true , We ’ ll meet Disunion ’ s roar . Then hurrah , etc . 14 The Flag of the Free . AIR — O saw ye the Lass with the bonny blue E ’ en ? Oh saw ye the Flag with the Thirty-four Stars ? ’ Tis red with the glories of Liberty ’ s wars ; ’ Tis bright as the sunbeam , and blue as the sky , ’ Tis the loveliest banner that waveth on high . The home of that Flag is each patriot ’ s heart — From Freedom and Union it never can part ; For wherever it floateth , on land or on sea , Every nation proclaims it the Flag of the Free ! Though the hand of dark Treason its luster would mar , It shall yield not a stripe , it shall lose not a star ; But forevermore planted on Liberty ’ s rock , Every storm it will breast , and defy every shock . While the broad Mississippi flows down to the main , And the blue Alleghanies arise from the plain — While Niagara ’ s waters unshackled shall be , It will wave o ’ er our Union , the Flag of the Free ! 15 Gathering Song . AIR — Bonny Boat . Oh , gayly sound the bugles shrill , Adown the mountain-glen , And loudly on the breezes thrill The songs of loyal men ! Still marching on with iron tramp To battle ’ s wild accords , They point to vile Rebellion ’ s camp , And clash their fathers ’ swords ! Oh , proudly throbs each patriot ’ s heart , When , thundering from afar , O ’ er woodland-glen , or mountain-crest , Upswells the loud hurrah ! While trumpet-peal and rattling drum , And wild artillery ’ s roar , Proclaim that Freedom ’ s soldiers come As came their sires of yore . 16 Liberty . AIR — Somebody ’ s Waiting for Somebody . Cloudy and dark is the heaven , Darksome and doubtful for Liberty ; But there ’ s a cloud or two riven , Showing the bright light of Liberty ; Out of the midst of all gloom , Shines the fair promise of Liberty — Over each patriot ’ s tomb , Rises the day-star of Liberty , Rises the day-star of Liberty ! There will be battles to fight , Battles defending our Liberty ! There will be traitors to smite , Traitors who strike at our Liberty ! But when our triumph shall come , Over the foemen of Liberty , Who will consider the sum Spent in defense of our Liberty ? Spent in defense of our Liberty ? Lift up the Banner of Stars , Fling out the colors of Liberty ; Over all shackles and bars , We will march forward to Liberty ! Union and laws we ’ ll defend , Guided and guarded by Liberty , Till , at the glorious end , All the world shares in our Liberty , All the world shares in our Liberty ! 17 Wife of my Bosom . AIR — Kathleen Mavourneen . Wife of my bosom , the midnight hangs o ’ er me , And shadow and silence encompass our camp ; Oh , dark is my heart , like the darkness before me , Wife of my bosom , while lonely I tramp ; ’ Tis not that I falter , or fear the red morrow , When true men give battle to rebels forsworn , But the heart of each soldier may have its own sorrow , And ’ tis thinking of thee , love , makes mine so forlorn . Wife of my bosom , the night-hours are lonely , And lonesome my heart , as I tread my dark round ; But through all the dim watches I ’ ve thought of thee only , Wife of my bosom , with yearning profound . Now the day breaks , and the drums call to battle , While cannon ’ s deep thunder announces the morn ; Full gladly I welcome the din and the rattle , ’ Tis only for thee , wife , my heart is forlorn . Wife of my bosom , in God ’ s blessed keeping Our lives are still mingled , though parted are we ; Above us He watcheth , with mercies unsleeping , Wife of my bosom , o ’ er thee and o ’ er me . I dare the wild conflict , where lives must be rended , But faith in my bosom now brightens with morn ; By thy prayers in the past I have still been defended , And He whom we trust will not leave thee forlorn . 18 The Union Sacrifice . BY MRS. METTA . V. VICTOR . “ Who will save the land we cherish ? People ! what have you to give , That , our country may not perish — That our liberties may live ?” Hark ! the answer quickly thrilling :— “ Half a million volunteers Rally round our standard , filling Freedom ’ s air with freemen ’ s cheers ! “ See our men go forth to battle , Take the soldier ’ s hardy fare , Face the fearful cannon ’ s rattle , Danger , death and drudgery bear . “ What give you , heroic women , Loving mothers , tender wives ?” Comes the answer superhuman : “ We give up our dear ones ’ lives ! “ We remain at home to suffer — Not to rest in idle ease . Men ’ s stern duties may be rougher , But they can not equal these ;— 19 “ Nights of wretched , restless tossing , Guessing at the toils unshared — Fields and streams at midnight crossing , Keeping lonely picket guard ; “ Days of terror and of weeping — Of suspense that holds the breath , While the rosy infant , sleeping , Dreams not of its father ’ s death . “ News that comes too sure and often To the mothers at their work ,— With no circumstance to soften All the woes that in it lurk — “ How the sons , at home surrounded By their fond and patient care , On the battle-field lie wounded , Dying , dead ,— no mother there !” Rich men give up golden treasures — Money , ships and merchandise ; Brave men give up care and pleasures For the liberties they prize ! But no holier gifts are proffered By the hero ’ s heart and hand , Than the sacrifices offered By the women of the Land ! 20 Blue Jackets , Fall in ! AIR — Bonny Dundee . Let the plotters of treason their standard forsake , And abandon the eagle for vulture or snake ; But the man who ’ s a true man , wherever he be , Follows only one banner — the Flag of the Free . CHORUS . Then sound to the color ! Blue Jackets , fall in ! There ’ s a march to be made , and a battle to win ! There are rebels and traitors to scour from the lea , So make room for our banner — the Flag of the Free . To the soft southern breezes our colors are spread , By the bravest and noblest they ’ re followed and led , And wherever they wave , in the battle ’ s red van , They are symbols of justice and freedom for man . Then sound to the color , etc . Jeff . Davis may menace , and Beauregard rage , And defyingly strut their brief hour on the stage ; But their empire is ruin — their triumph is shame , And the wrath they provoke will consume them like flame . Then sound to the color , etc . 21 Song of the Zouaves . AIR — The Plains of Mexico . Dash on , dash on , my gallant Zouaves , Where dangers darkly frown ; Let Freedom bravely nerve your arms , Strike every traitor down . What though their murd ’ rous squadrons stand , In stern and fierce array ; We ’ ll make them feel our sweeping charge , And quickly clear the way . This Union , which so long hath been The shelt ’ ring home of all Fair Freedom ’ s valiant , holy band , Shall not by traitors fall ; But it will stand , through storm and strife , The home of Freedom ’ s band , And naught shall cause its overthrow , While strength lies in our hand . Though years may roll their onward course , Our hands shall ne ’ er be stayed , Till Freedom ’ s land be free from strife , And in sweet peace arrayed . And now , farewell to home and friends , And if we ne ’ er return , ’ Twill be because the gallant Sixth All death and danger spurn . 22 The Northmen are Coming . AIR — I ’ m Going to be Married . The Northmen are coming , Oho ! oho ! The Northmen are coming , Oho ! oho ! The Northmen , the Northmen , The warriors of Freedom ! The Northmen are coming , Oho ! oho ! Their star-spangled banners I see , I see ! The plume-crested horsemen I see , I see ! Down mountain and valley the hosts are streaming , And shouting the battle-cry , “ One and Free .” The Northmen are coming , etc . The peal of their bugles I hear , I hear ! The clangor of trumpets I hear , I hear ! The banners outflame like the blazing morn , O ’ er billows of bayonet , sword and spear . The Northmen are coming , etc . With rattle of musket they come , they come ! With thunder of cannon , they come , they come ! With tempest of fire , and storm of steel , To drive out the traitors from Freedom ’ s home . The Northmen are coming , etc . The boom of their cannon is Tyranny ’ s knell ; Wherever they battle shall Liberty dwell ; They fight for the holiest hope of man , They triumph with Washington , Bruce and Tell . The Northmen are coming , etc . They come with the banners our sires unfurled , Unfurled for the exile , the bondman , the world , And Heaven shall speed their victorious march , Till Liberty ’ s foes to the dust be hurled . The Northmen are coming , etc . 23 The Volunteer Yankee Doodle of ’ 61 . Copied by permission of HORACE WATERS , Music Publisher , 481 Broadway , N. Y ., owner of the copyright . Yankee Doodle comes to town , Walking on his feet , sir ! Shouldered gun and soldier ’ s gown , Yankee can ’ t be beat , sir ! In his bosom burns a love For his glorious country , Sparkling like the stars above , Ay ! much less it won ’ t be . Yankee Doodle , keep it up ; Yankee doodle dandy , Plant your bayonet on the top , And wi ’ the gun be handy ! Yankee Doodle , etc . Yankee Doodle marches on Till the foes he ’ ll meet , sir ! Shoots at least a dozen down — Yankee can ’ t be beat , sir ! For the Stars and Stripes he ’ ll fight , For the Constitution ; Put the enemy to flight , End the Revolution . Yankee Doodle , keep it up ; Yankee doodle dandy , Plant your bayonet on the top , And wi ’ the gun be handy ! Victory gained , he takes his ease At his country seat , sir ! Following the arts of peace , Yankee can ’ t be beat , sir ! Plenty yields his native soil , Faithful to his labor ; And the Lord rewards his toil , Grants him every favor . Yankee Doodle , keep it up ; Yankee doodle dandy , Plant your corn , and reap your crop , And wi ’ the plough be handy ! 24 Flag Song . AIR — The Land of the Leal . Come , lift it on high , boys ! Once more let it fly , boys , We ’ ll fight and we ’ ll die For the Red , White and Blue ! ’ Twas hallowed before , boys , In battles of yore , boys , We ’ ll guard it once more With our bosoms so true ! Then fling out the flag , boys , From spar and from crag , boys , No freeman shall lag While there ’ s fighting to do : To the front of the fray , boys , We ’ ll soon find the way , boys , And yet win the day For our Red , White and Blue ! 25 Our Country , Now and Ever . Copied by permission of HORACE WATERS , Music Publisher , 481 Broadway , N. Y ., owner of the copyright . Our Country , now and ever ! Land of the good and free ! What daring hand would sever The ties of Liberty ? Let him be known as traitor , And traitor shall he be ; Who would insult this nation Must first himself be free . For such are slaves and cowards — Their names a thing of shame ; To endless time our Union Will but increase in fame . Fight , comrades , for our nation , For Freedom ’ s holy light ; In union is salvation , God will protect the right . 26 My Love he is a Zou-zu . My love is a Zou-zu so gallant and bold , He ’ s rough and he ’ s handsome , scarce nineteen years old , To show off in Washington , he has left his own dear , And my heart is a-breaking because he ’ s not here . CHORUS . For his spirit was brave ; it was fierce to behold , In a young man bred a Zou-zu , only nineteen years old . His parents taught him to be a Cavalier , But the life of a Zou-zu he much did prefer ; For his heart ’ s with his Country in right or in wrong , And in Richmond with Burnside , he ’ ll be afore long . For his spirit , etc . My fond heart is beating for him constantly , But I fear his affections may waver from me ; For a sweetheart can be found in each State , I am told , By a young man , a Zou-zu , only nineteen years old . For his spirit , etc . And now for my Zou-zu I grieve and repine , For fear that his brave heart may never be mine ; All the wealth of Jeff . Davis in cotton or gold , I would give for my Zou-zu , only nineteen years old . For his spirit , etc . 27 The Stripes and Stars . AIR — The Low-backed Car . Let cowards shirk their duty , And falter from the fray ; My post I ’ ll find , nor shrink behind , When honor calls away . For Union and for Freedom , I ’ ll wield a sword or gun , And take my stand , for laws and land , Till the battle ’ s nobly won . CHORUS . For I follow the Stripes and Stars , No matter for wounds or scars , And I ’ ll act my part , With my arm and heart , In defense of the Stripes and Stars . The truth is past denying , That danger ’ s close at hand , And I do love , all things above , My own dear native land . So where the conflict rages , And where our foemen be , To stand or fall , at Union ’ s call , There is the place for me . [ Chorus . May God bless those who love me , And those I love defend ; If life I give , to those who live My dear ones I commend . But while the cannon ’ s booming , And trumpets loudly blare , The Union ’ s cause , the land and laws , Must be my only care . [ Chorus . 28 Hark to the Tread . Hark ! hark ! to the tread Of men of olden time , The footsteps of the mighty dead Still sounding on sublime . Our Union ’ s strong foundations They planted broad and deep , And we , among the nations , Our own proud place will keep ! CHORUS . Join hearts ! join hands ! A wreath of glory twine , Of palm and mountain pine . Strike hands ! The Union stands ! Now , now is the hour To let foul Treason know , That patriot legions have the power To work its overthrow ; That while the conflict rages , And hearts are sorely tried , The HAND that guides the ages Is lifted on our side . Tell , tell to your sons The story of your sires , And that the pledge forever runs To guard their sacred fires . Tell them the great AVENGER Unsheathed his awful sword , When FREEDOM was in danger , And smote the rebel horde ! 29 The Old Flag Alone . AIR — Old Folks at Home . Strongly the traitors now are banded , Fierce are they grown , By rebel demagogues commanded , Laws overthrown ; Cursing the banner of their fathers , Madly they swarm , Hurling against the Rock of Union , Daring Rebellion ’ s storm . But true hearts can never falter , Now their faith is shown ; So we stand by Freedom ’ s altar , True to the Old Flag alone ! Once in the land we all were true men , Joined hand in hand ; Now Treason ’ s madness makes them foemen , Cumbering the land ; So we must treat them as we find them , “ Enemies in war ;” Fighting against the Flag of Union , Friends they can never be , more . Our true hearts shall never falter , Here our faith is shown , Standing now by Freedom ’ s altar , True to the Old Flag alone ! 30 The Birth of Our Banner . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Columbia , the Gem of the Ocean . When the dawn of creation was budding , To blossom in bright , balmy day , The Goddess of Light , at her waking , Was shrouded with curtains of spray , That rose as the incense of morning , From valleys resplendent with dew , To deck the broad ocean of distance In tints of the White , Red and Blue . And far in the blue dome of heaven , Were stars with a soft , holy ray , That have shone in an unbroken union While ages have mouldered away ; And Freedom , when journeying hither , The earth with its blessings to strew , Has gathered these trophies of glory , As gems for the White , Red and Blue . When man braved the wrath of Jehovah , The flood-gates of heaven arose To deluge the earth , in his anger , And drive from existence his foes ; Still justice was tempered with mercy — On cloud-crested banners he drew His promise to all generations , In symbols of White , Red and Blue . And thus is our Banner of Freedom But tints of the glories above Of Him who has made us a nation , And bound us with garlands of love — Which none on the earth can dissever , For each on our altars renew Our oath of unshaken devotion And trust in the White , Red and Blue . 31 “ E Pluribus Unum .” BY JOHN PIERPONT . AIR — Star-Spangled Banner . The harp of the minstrel with melody rings When the Muses have taught him to touch and to tune it ; But though it may have a full octave of strings , To both maker and minstrel the harp is a unit . So the power that creates our republic of States , Into harmony brings them at different dates ; And the thirteen or thirty , the Union once done , Are “ E Pluribus Unum ”— of many made one . The science that weighs in her balance the spheres , And watched them since first the Chaldean began it , Now and then , as she counts them and measures their years , Brings into our system and names a new planet . Yet the old and new stars — Venus , Neptune and Mars , As they drive round the sun their invisible cars , Whether faster or slower their races they run , Are “ E Pluribus Unum ”— of many made one . Of that system of spheres , should but one fly the track , Or with others conspire for a general dispersion , By the great central orb they would all be brought back , And held , each in her place , by a wholesome coercion . Should one daughter of light be indulged in her flight , They would all be engulfed by old Chaos and Night ; So must none of our sisters be suffered to run , For , “ E Pluribus Unum ”— we all go if one . Let the demon of discord our melody mar , Or Treason ’ s red hand rend our Union asunder , Break one string from our harp , or extinguish one star , The whole system ’ s ablaze with its lightning and thunder . Let the discord be hushed ! Let the traitors be crushed ! Though “ Legion ” their name , all with victory flushed ! For aye must our motto stand , fronting the sun : “ E Pluribus Unum ”— Though many , we ’ re ONE . 32 The Northern Hurrah . AIR — Sprig of Shillaly . Oh , brave is the soul of a true Union man ! He arms for the battle — he springs to the van , To the war-shout of freemen — the Northern Hurrah ! His heart bears no malice — his lips have no lie ! For the old Constitution his pulses beat high ; And in camp or in action , in march or at rest , ’ Tis the love of Our Union that leaps from his breast In the war-shout of freemen — the Northern Hurrah ! Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! Oh , the slogan of Scotland is startling and shrill , And the loud Marseillaise every Frenchman will thrill ; But there ’ s never a shout like the Northern Hurrah ! Let the Turkman cry “ Allah !” while charging his foe — And the Briton , “ St . George !” with each resolute blow ; But the wildest of war-cries , the slogan most grand , Is the chorus that leaps from the heart of our land In the war-shout of freedom — the Northern Hurrah ! Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! From the mountains of Hampshire , the headlands of Maine , Alleghany ’ s blue peaks and Nevada ’ s high chain , Rolleth down , like the thunder , this Northern Hurrah ; And the rocks and the vales , and the waters profound , And the forests and prairies re-echo the sound ; And the voice of great cities , from east and from west , Swells the shout of the free for the land they love best , In a war-hymn for freedom — the Northern Hurrah ! Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! 33 The Harp of Old Erin and Banner of Stars . AIR — St. Patrick ’ s Day . The war-trump has sounded , our rights are in danger ; Shall the brave sons of Erin be deaf to the call , When freedom demands of both native and stranger , Their aid , lest the greatest of nations should fall ? Shall this banner , so dear to the exiles of Gael , By traitors and rebels , in anarchy ’ s school , Be trailed in the dust , disgraced in the vale , While our people , the sov ’ reign , in equity rule ? No : I swear by the love that we bear our old Sire-land , And the vows we have pledged to this home of the free , As we ’ d sheathe our swords in the foes of dear Ireland , We will use them as freely ’ gainst traitors to thee . Need we fear for our cause when true hearts uphold it ? See the men of all nations now march to the wars ; And shall Erin ’ s stout hearts stand by and behold it , Nor strike in their might for the Banner of Stars ? No , no ; with their life ’ s blood they ’ ll guard the rich treasure ; See how they respond to the call , “ Shoulder Arms !” Though endeared by those sacred ties , love beyond measure Of bosom-friends , children , and beauty ’ s sweet charms , Yet they leave all behind , and equip for the battle Between freedom and rapine , like true sons of Mars ; They ’ ll conquer though traitors their cannon may rattle , And bring back triumphant the Banner of Stars . Oh ! long may our flags wave in Union together , And the harp of green Erin still kiss the same breeze , And brave ev ’ ry storm that beclouds the fair weather , Till our harp , like the Stars , floats o ’ er , rivers and seas . God prosper manly soul-heart , on both land and ocean , That goes in defiance of danger and scars , And send them safe home , to their wives and their sweethearts , With the harp of old Erin and Banner of Stars . 34 The Delaware Volunteers . Come all you young men that do intend to roam From the State of Delaware , a long way from home , Cruising down around the banks of the Southern States hi O , Through sweet and shady groves , Through the rebel States we ’ ll ramble and we ’ ll hang Jeff . Davis , O . There ’ s fishes in the Delaware that ’ s fitting for our use , Likewise the sugar-cane that yields to us its juice , There ’ s plenty of good Union men for the Stars and Stripes , you know , Cruising down around the banks , etc . Come all you young girls , and spin us some yarn , You can make us clothing to keep ourselves warm , And you can knit and spin , my girls , while we can reap and mow ; Cruising down around , etc . If any of them Southerners dare to come nigh , We ’ ll rush into the States , and conquer or we ’ ll die ; We ’ ll rush into the ranks and strike a powerful blow , Cruising down around , etc . 35 Our Flag . BY R. W. MACGOWAN . AIR — The American Boy . We ’ ll rally round the same old Flag Our fathers did of yore , And bravely fight beneath those folds They hallowed with their gore ; We ’ ll guard it as a sacred trust With our devoted band , And shield it from the treachery Of the Southron ’ s murd ’ rous hand . What though we had a traitor Twiggs , An Arnold we ’ d before ; But we have still our loyal North , That keeps the oath it swore . As brave as ever to the breeze Our noble Flag ’ s unfurled , The pride and blessing of our land , The envy of the world . And eager thousands grasp the sword , The scabbard thrown away ; With willing hands and faithful hearts , They ’ re ready for the fray , To teach the Southern fratricide The Stars and Stripes shall wave O ’ er this the land of liberty , The birthplace of the brave . 36 RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED TO THE 69TH REG ’ T ., N. Y. S. M . Sweet Maid of Erin . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Kathleen Mavourneen . Sweet Maid of Erin , the war-cry is sounding , The bugle ’ s loud pealing is heard o ’ er the plain , While Death on his charger in battle is bounding , And leaving behind him our patriot slain . Thou hast not forgotten the friends that you parted , To battle for country , for God , and our right ; And sad are thy tears for the lone broken-hearted , Who silently languish in grief 's fearful night ; Sweet Maid of Erin , they welcome thy footsteps , And pray for thee daily and Erin go Bragh . Sweet Maid of Erin , the green grass is springing Beside where the loved ones of Erin lie low , And down in the village the church-bells are ringing — Alas ! how thy minstrel is cast down with woe . He has not forgotten thy love and affection — The last parting kiss and thy musical sigh — They linger together in fond recollection , And cheer him to duty when dangers are nigh . Sweet Maid of Erin , the song of thy minstrel Is , God bless Columbia and Erin go Bragh . Sweet Maid of Erin , the Shamrock and Thistle Are linked with the Star-crested Banner to-day , And , waving in glory where fierce weapons bristle , Are emblems of greatness in Freedom ’ s affray . We have not forgotten the fond hope of freemen , The home in the West for the true and the brave ; And Celts ne ’ er will yield , for the daring shall lead them To triumph o ’ er Treason , or sink in the grave . Sweet Maid of Erin , though far in the distance , I still love my darling , and Erin go Bragh . 37 Stand by the Union . AIR — Wait for the Wagon . Fellow-citizens and soldiers ! I ’ ve a word or two to say , There ’ s no use to dodge the question , or to flout the facts away ; If a man is not a traitor , he ’ ll not fear to show his hand , And unless we all are rebels , we must by the Union stand . CHORUS . Stand by the Union ! Stand by the Union ! Stand by the Union ! and be on the right side . When soldiers ’ plumes are dyed with blood , the good old hearty red , We ’ d better mark the knave who wears white feathers on his head ; While batteries menace Washington , and rebel armies rise , A coward or a traitor ’ s he who prates of “ Compromise .” Stand by the Union , etc . The only Compromise we ’ ll make is at the cannon ’ s mouth , The only terms of Peace we ’ ll give — Submission by the South : One only power must rule the land — it can ’ t be ruled by two — And we must prove who strongest are — the Traitors or the True ! Stand by the Union , etc . ’ Tis ours to meet and measure now the powers of Right and Wrong , While they are weak with Slavery , in Union we are strong ; For all that Washington bequeathed to humankind we fight — Hurrah , then , for the Union ! and may God protect the Right ! Stand by the Union , etc . 38 Drummer Boy of the National Greys . Copied by permission of HORACE WATERS , Music Publisher , 481 Broadway , N. Y ., owner of the copyright . See the gallant Drummer Boy , How his face lights up with joy , As he takes his envied place In the corps of the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Patriot Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . All the children in the street Strive with Clarie to compete , As upon his drum he plays In the corps of the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Warrior Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . Ah ! but Clarie ’ ll have to go Where his own life-blood may flow ,— This he knows , yet firmly stays In the corps of the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Faithful Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . Tho ’ the direst ills betide , Clarie ’ s heart beats high with pride When he hears the shouts of praise Echoing for the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Hero Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . Clarie ’ s bosom knew no fear , Tho ’ his eye betray ’ d a tear When his Mother ’ s sadden ’ d gaze Rested on the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Loving Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . “ Never shall the traitor drag From its height our Country ’ s Flag !” Thus , he loyalty displays In the corps of the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Brave young Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . 39 Trusting in the God of love , Clarie looks with faith above , Pray ’ r and meekness guide his ways In the corps of the National Greys . Noble Clarie , Christian Clarie ! Drummer of the National Greys . Hark ! that musket ’ s direful sound ! See the fatal ball rebound ! Suddenly a piercing cry Rends the air and cleaves the sky ; ’ Tis from Clarie , Martyr Clarie ! Loved of all the National Greys . Tears , those Soldiers ’ eyes suffuse ; Sad and solemn is the news ; Clarie rudely from them torn ,— From their ranks forever gone . Mirthful Clarie , Buoyant Clarie ! Fav ’ rite with the National Greys . Clarie now lies still and cold ( Only twelve brief summers old ) Low beneath the mould ’ ring sod , But his soul has gone to God . Gentle Clarie , Youthful Clarie ! Mourn ’ d of all the National Greys . Muffled is the rolling drum , Hush ’ d the busy children ’ s hum , Agonized a father ’ s brow ,— All in deep submission bow . Spirit Clarie , Blessed Clarie ! Gather ’ d with the angels now . Sadden ’ d is the humble home , There no more his step will come , But his songs of praise will rise In a home beyond the skies . Happy Clarie , Ransom ’ d Clarie ! Seraph bright in Paradise . 40 Following the Drum . AIR — Over the Mountain . Up from the valley deeps , Down from the crags , Out from the forest-aisles , Waving our flags — Marching with warlike tread , Forward we come , Sons of America , Following the drum ! Shouting our battle-cries , Forward we come , Sons of America , Following the drum ! Down from New England hills , Out from New York , Over the Jersey plains , Strong for our work — From Pennsylvania ’ s glens , From Indiana , Up from the O-hi-o , Under our banner . Michigan ’ s riflemen , Oregon ’ s scouts , Landsmen and mariners , Mingling their shouts ; Under the Flag of Stars — Waving still high — Still for the Union , boys , Stand we or die ! 41 Victory ’ s Band . AIR — Dixie ’ s Land . We ’ re marching under the Flag of Union , Keeping step in brave communion ! March away ! march away ! away ! Victory ’ s band Right down upon the ranks of rebels , Tramp them underfoot like pebbles , March away ! march away ! away ! Victory ’ s band . CHORUS . Oh ! we ’ re marching on to Victory ! Hurrah ! hurrah ! In Victory ’ s band we ’ ll sweep the land , And fight or die for Victory ! Away ! away ! We ’ ll fight or die for Victory ! The rebels want a mongrel nation , Union and Confederation ! March away ! march away ! away ! Victory ’ s band ! But we don ’ t trust in things two-sided , And go for Union undivided , March away ! march away ! away ! Victory ’ s band ! Oh ! we ’ re marching , etc . We ’ re marching down on Dixie ’ s regions , With Freedom ’ s flag and Freedom ’ s legions , March away ! march away ! away ! Victory ’ s band ! We ’ re rolling down , a “ Pending Crisis ,” With cannon-balls for Compromises , March away ! march away ! away ! Victory ’ s band ! Oh ! we ’ re marching , etc . 42 Mustering-Chorus . AIR — The Merry Swiss Boy . Come arouse , men , arouse , men , the trumpet calls , Every patriot must off to the fray ! [ Repeat .] The land we love is girt with foes , The flame of war still fiercer glows ; Come , arouse , then , arouse , then , the trumpet calls , Every patriot must haste to the fray ! ’ Tis no time , men , no time , men , for fear or pause , While the trumpet is calling away ! [ Repeat .] The Union ’ s heart is rent in twain , ’ Tis ours to bind its cords again ! ’ Tis no time , men , no time , men , for fear or pause , While the trumpet is calling away ! Then , away , men , away , men , to follow our flag , Wheresoever it leads the way ; [ Repeat .] Let factions cease , let parties die , Let Union be our only cry — And away , men , away , men , to follow our flag , Wheresoever it leads the way ! 43 Begone , Sesesh ! AIR — Begone , Dull Care . Begone , Sesesh ! I bid thee begone from me ! Begone , Sesesh ! you ’ d better make haste and flee ! Long time you have been bullying here , And fain would Union kill ; But , we all now swear , You never shall have your will ! Old Sesesh ! I ’ ve known you in days gone by , Old Sesesh ! you wanted to nul-li-fy ! Long time ago you badgered us , And tried , the land to rule , But we flogged you well with a Hickory rod , In brave old Jackson ’ s school ! Begone , Sesesh ! in South Carolina rest ! Begone , Sesesh ! the snake is your proper crest ! We ’ ve found out all your snakish ways , And drawn your serpent teeth , And wherever the foot of Freedom falls , Your head shall lie beneath ! 44 The Patriot ’ s Serenade . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Glory , Glory , Hallelujah . Look ye to our banner floating — Freemen ever fondly doating — Hirelings now so sadly gloating At Treason ’ s fearful sting . CHORUS . Glory , glory , be our anthem , Glory , glory , be our anthem , Praises to our Starry Banner , As patriots , let us sing . Hark ! o ’ er hill and hamlet bounding , Shouts of freemen now resounding , All our enemies confounding — Our eagle ’ s on the wing . Chorus .— Glory , glory , etc . Spirits of the great departed ! Cheer the sad and broken-hearted — Lead to victory those who started To fight Rebellion ’ s king . Chorus .— Glory , glory , etc . 45 Rule , Columbia . AIR — Rule , Britannia . When tyrants fled our rescued land , And Freedom bless ’ d her sacred shrine , Each patriot raised to heaven his hand , And swore to guard her rights divine . Rule , Columbia ! The Union still must sway ! Freemen rule America ! Our land is Freedom ’ s chosen home , To all the world ’ tis opened wide ; To these fair shores let nations come , And all our bounteous soil divide . Rule , Columbia ! The Union still must sway ! Freemen rule America ! The Union is our children ’ s dower , ’ Tis priceless as the air we breathe ; While rebel arms defy its power , Our patriot swords we ’ ll never sheathe ! Rule , Columbia ! The Union still must sway ! Freemen rule America ! 46 The Brave and Free . AIR — The Pilot . Oh , comrades ! ’ tis a fearful strife That jars our land this day — When brother strikes at brother ’ s life , And sons their sires betray ! But He who rules each nation ’ s right , Our sword and shield shall be ! Fear not ! fear not ! Jehovah ’ s might Still guards the Brave and Free ! Though rebels swarm on every hand , And Treason spreads its snares , Our Ship of State , by patriots mann ’ d , The Flag of Stars upbears ! Behind the clouds is sunshine bright , Whose beams we soon shall see ! Fear not ! fear not ! Jehovah ’ s might Still guards the Brave and Free ! No craven doubt shall shake our trust In Union ’ s righteous cause ; Our motives pure — our action just — For Freedom ’ s Land , and Laws ! Against the foes of man we fight , And Victory ours shall be ! Fear not ! fear not ! Jehovah ’ s might Still guards the Brave and Free ! 47 Sweet is the Fight . AIR — Sparkling and Bright . Sweet is the fight For Freedom ’ s right , Though our heart ’ s best blood be streaming ; By heroes led Unto Glory ’ s bed , With lives our land redeeming ! We seek the fight With falchions bright , With our hearts in brave communion — Together we ’ ll stand For our glorious land , And the cause of the grand old Union ! Oh ! who would shrink From danger ’ s brink , Or fly from the conflict gory , When Ruin complete Will attend defeat , While Victory crowns with glory ! We ’ ll dare the fight . For Freedom ’ s right , With hearts in brave communion ! Together we ’ ll stand For our glorious land , And the cause of the grand old Union ! 48 Remember Traitors . AIR — Boyne Water . When Union ruled our noble land , And Liberty ’ s arms were round her , No foemen could her power withstand , No danger could astound her . But now , in rebel ranks displayed , With despot snares behind them , Old friends we see as foes arrayed , And mark them , as we find them ! We mark the wretch , where ’ er he be , Who ’ s false to the land that bore him ; We ’ ll mark the knave who swears he ’ s free , Yet brooks a traitor o ’ er him ! And more than all , we ’ ll mark the men Whose traitorous inclination Would rivet foreign chains again O ’ er Freedom ’ s chosen nation ! When strangers sought Columbia ’ s shore , And the wanderer claimed protection , We bade them share our peaceful store , And asked no mean subjection . And now , thank God ! when Treason ’ s band Conspire in vile communion , We see the sons of every land Combined to shield our Union ! 49 Beautiful Union . AIR — Beautiful Venice . Beautiful Union ! Liberty ’ s home ! More queenly than Greece , more immortal than Rome ! How fondly thy name in our love is enshrined — How close to all hearts are thy glories entwined ; For Freedom ’ s bright banner waves over thy soil , And beneath it , secure , every freeman may toil ; For of all the world ’ s lands there is no land like thee , My Beautiful Union ! The Land of the Free ! Beautiful Union ! Pride of the earth ! With thee all the hopes of the people had birth ; Thy shores are their refuge from tyranny ’ s ban — Where justice and freedom are pledged unto man ! And the dastard who doubts thee , the wretch who betrays , Accursed of all mankind shall end his vile days ! For of all the world ’ s lands , there is no land like thee — Our Beautiful Union ! the Land of the Free ! 50 The Star-Gemmed Flag . Copied by permission of FIRTH , POND & CO ., Music Publishers , 547 Broadway , N. Y ., owners of the copyright . Our fathers cleft the ocean wave , The birthright of the free to save ; And when they hail ’ d these western shores , They claim ’ d them as their own and ours . And when a Prince of foreign lands His warriors poured upon our strands , They spurned the lordlings from their fields , And o ’ er their homes still held their shields . Then wave the Flag , our Fathers ’ Flag , In memories of their bravery ; Then shout the Flag , our Fathers ’ Flag , The Star-gemmed Flag of brave hearts and the free . CHORUS . Run up the Flag , unfold the Flag , Broad as the land , wide as the sea ; Then wave the Flag , then cheer the Flag , The star-gemmed Flag of brave hearts and the free . Our mothers by our fathers stood , As if , in War , they had been wooed ; Tho ’ fragile were their yielding forms While rolled the war-cloud and the storms . And yet , heroic as their lords , They cheered with smiles , with tears , with words . But while they trembled at their homes , They leaned on God whence victory comes . Then shout the Flag , our Mothers ’ Flag , In memory of their well-spent lives ; Then wave the Flag , our Mothers ’ Flag , The Star-gemmed Flag of brave hearts and their wives . 51 Our Sisters , too , were bravely dear , They gave their smiles , they wept their tear ; And rested in their mothers ’ arms , Or often woke to war ’ s alarms . But while their hearts in sorrows moved , And wept the brothers that they loved , They knew the strife was for the free , Their Country and for Liberty . Then hail the Flag , our Sisters ’ Flag , Its Stars and Stripes their zones shall be ; Then wave the Flag , our Sisters ’ Flag , The Star-gemmed Flag our Sisters ’ zones shall be . A seven-years ’ war was past and gone , And many a heart was left forlorn ; But prouder o ’ er our Western shore , Its Eagle-Bird was seen to soar ; And in his talons , as he flies , He bears our Flag of victories ; And ever shall that Banner be , The hope , the shield of Liberty . Then shout the Flag , our Country ’ s Flag , The Banner-Flag of Liberty ; Then wave the Flag , our UNION ’ S Flag , The Star-gemmed Flag of brave hearts and the free . And on the land , and on the sea , Wherever roam her sons from thee , Our Nation ’ s Flag shall ope its fold , The loved and honored of the world ; For right , not might shall be its claim , As “ Flag of Freedom ” is its name ; While Armies shall our emblem bear , And Navies our proud bunting wear . Then shout the Flag , our Army ’ s flag , The Flag of Right and Liberty ; Then hail the Flag , our Navy ’ s Flag , The Star-gemmed Flag of brave hearts and the free . 52 Words of Sympathy . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Katy Darling . Oh , they told us you were dead , poor Jeff . Davis , That your form was lying stiff and cold In the catacombs of Eastern Virginia , Where thy virtues were greatly extolled ; But , oh , ’ twas a cruel hoax , Jeff . Davis , You ’ re alive and kicking , we see , And there ’ s many now would hang you , poor Jeff . Davis , On the branch of the first sycamore tree . Your pockets they are empty , poor Jeff . Davis , And of gold you are very much in need , While starvation mounts the throne close beside you , And secession has just gone to seed ; And , oh , what a sad mistake , Jeff . Davis , To think with cotton all alone You could frighten Uncle Sam , poor Jeff . Davis , And then rob him of half of his home . Oh , there ’ s trouble in the South , poor Jeff . Davis , And your prestige is going to decay ; You had better get your duds ready shortly , And push forward , an exile , this way , We ’ ll feed you and lodge you , Jeff . Davis — Our kindness you ne ’ er will forget — We ’ ll take you out a sailing , poor Jeff . Davis , And then land you at Fort Lafayette . 53 Volunteer ’ s Song . AIR — Free and Easy . Onward ! onward ! is the cry now , Treason stalks throughout the land ; To guard our honor each one try now , March together , heart and hand . CHORUS . So let the Southerners do as they will , We will fight for the Union still ! Fight for the Union ! Fight for the Union ! We will fight for the Union still ! Though Revolution , dark as night , Enshrouds the Banner of the Free , There are none so base that will not fight For this great land of Liberty ! The traitors would the Union sever Our fathers worked so hard to form ; Yet we are for the Union ever , Through sunshine , peace , or storm ! Then hear ! Oh hear ! our country ’ s call , Raise our glorious banner high ; Come , rally ! rally ! one and all ! To save the Union or to die ! 54 A Mother ’ s Hymn in Time of War . BY WILLIAM ROSS WALLACE . Oh Lord of hosts ! his country called , And nobly to her voice he sprung , While o ’ er his brow our banner flashed , Where chargers neighed and trumpets rung . There were no tremors in his eye , When putting on his warrior-crest ; And but a tear — it was when he Was clasped unto his mother ’ s breast ! Oh Father ! shield him from the shot ; But if it is his doom to die , May he , with shouts of triumph round , Bend on our flag his closing eye — And feeling that his mother ’ s soul Is watching on the field of death ; Where , though it weeps , yet gives a smile Unto her brave boy ’ s last wild breath . Oh , proudly will his mother see Her Country wreathe his hero-tomb , And many a Spring nurse tenderly , With nature ’ s tears , the garland ’ s bloom ! How sweet will be the song of praise , Where his dear relics peaceful lie ! How grand — away exultant thoughts ! Oh God ! he must not , must not die ! 55 Away to the Fray . AIR — The Sea — the Sea . Oh , away ! away ! to the mighty fray , To the strife for all most dear ; There is naught on earth of a rarer worth , Than a patriot ’ s faith sincere ! And the cause that calls us all this day , Is the holiest cause that e ’ er Invoked the aid of a brave man ’ s blade , Or the power of a good man ’ s prayer . CHORUS . Away ! away ! let cowards stay ! But honor impels the brave ! There ’ s naught but death in a craven ’ s years , And there ’ s life in a hero ’ s grave . When the cause we serve is a righteous cause , And the flag we bear unstained , And our patriot steel , for the common weal , We lift , with hands unchained , There is never a power can bar our path , Nor force can bid us turn , Till we clasp our brands , with a victor ’ s hands , Or they lie on the funeral urn ! Away ! away ! etc . 56 The Union Gunning Match . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Johnny Stole the Ham . The Union boys are all out gunning , Are all out gunning , are all out gunning — The Union boys are all out gunning — Oh listen to the noise . Chorus — Around the monster Tree That sprung from Liberty , ’ Twas nurtured by the Free And Union-loving boys . Some game they caught and caged already , And caged already , and caged already — Some game they caught and caged already , Way down in Lafayette . Chorus — There we can see the birds Who traveled North in herds , Because of deeds and words That Samuel can ’ t forget . Our Sam ’ s awake , and both eyes open , And both eyes open , and both eyes open , Our Sam ’ s awake , and both eyes open , As umpire of the day . Chorus — With good and steady aim , And ardor none can tame . Our boys the match will gain — The laurel bear away . The stakes are up , the ground all ready , The ground all ready , the ground all ready — The stakes are up , the ground all ready , And now , boys , blaze away . Chorus — But hark the sudden news ! Old Jeff . has got the blues , And trembling in his shoes — Secesh has gone astray . 57 The Nation of the Free . BY MRS. METTA V. VICTOR . Oh , mother of a matchless race ! Columbia , hear our cry ; The children nursed in your embrace , For you will live and die . We glory in our fathers ’ deeds , We love the soil they trod ; Our heritage we will defend And keep , so help us God ! CHORUS . Rise , rise ! Oh Patriots , rise ! Let waiting millions see ! What courage thrills , what faith inspires The Nation of the Free ! Hail , brothers in a common cause ! True to your birthright stand ! The Constitution and the Laws Must know no Vandal hand . Let foreign foes invidious gaze , To see our light expire ; They ’ ll shrink in awe before the blaze Of Freedom ’ s deathless fire . Hark ! how the hymns of glory swell Above our fathers ’ graves ! Th ’ unfaltering men of Seventy-Six Begot no race of slaves . The blood that bought our sacred right Still in their lineage runs ; No tribute gold , no traitor ’ s might Shall wrest it from their sons . Shade of heroic Washington ! Still guard our Native Land ! Rebuke , rebuke each wavering one , Direct each ardent hand ! Oh , mother of a matchless race ! Hear our united cry ! ’ Tis noble in your cause to live , And nobler still to die ! 58 The Stars and Stripes . Copied by permission of RUSSELL & PATEE , Music Publishers , 61 Court street , Boston , owners of the copyright . Rally round the flag , boys - Give it to the breeze ! That ’ s the banner we love , On the land and seas . Brave hearts are under it ; Let the Traitors brag ; Gallant lads , fire away ! And fight for the flag . Their flag is but a rag — Ours is the true one ; Up with the Stars and Stripes ! Down with the new one ! Let our colors fly , boys — Guard them day and night ; For Victory is Liberty , And God will bless the Right . 59 The “ Mud-Sills ” Greeting . AIR — Yankee Doodle . Oh nigger-drivers , don ’ t you know You ought to have a thrashing , For kicking up this mighty row — This game of Union-smashing ? Not satisfied with what you ’ ve got , You want to bag and steal , sirs , Our Capitol and capital — With Jonathan you ’ ve to deal , sirs ! CHORUS . So corn-cobs twist your hair , Gun-wheels run around you , Alligators drag you off , And empty kegs surround you ! The “ mud-sills ” have at length got tired Of insolence and treason ; They ’ ll teach the rebels an all-fired Lesson for the season . Then sneak behind masked batteries , Lay down in your trenches , Send the darkies out on guard , Make armorers of their wenches . CHORUS . Yankee boys will make you hear Constitution ’ s thunder ! Yankee blades in Yankee hands Will fill your souls with wonder . 60 The Past and Present . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — Old Bob Ridley O . Old Abram came across the mountains , By rural cots and gushing fountains , To rule a great and happy nation — And the brightest gem in all creation ; Old Abe Lincoln O , old Abe Lincoln O , Our hearts are true to stand by you , Abram Lincoln O . When Abe took charge of our plantation , Secesh was making preparation To steal the half for raising cotton , But soon found out his scheme was rotten ; Old Abe Lincoln O , Old Abe Lincoln O , No mercy show the thieving foe , Abram Lincoln O . Old Abram is a man of knowledge , Although he never went to college , And his heart is right , and strong his nerve , And from his duty will not swerve ; Old Abe Lincoln O , old Abe Lincoln O , Hold up the Flag and never lag , Abram Lincoln O . Old Abe goes in for home protection , And keeps an army of inspection , Just to see that things are done up right , And the boys are spoiling for a fight ; Old Abe Lincoln O , old Abe Lincoln O , When they begin , let them go in , Abram Lincoln O . 61 Song of Union . AIR — Zuyder Zee . Grand is the sight , when for national right , A People in arms are rising — Every bosom on fire with a freeman ’ s desire , Every spirit all treason despising . Crying —“ Oh , let the Song of Union be Strong and deep as the rolling sea ! Deep and strong as the rolling sea !” Grand is the cause of our Land and Laws , And the good old Constitution ! For our lives and gold , and our honor , we hold Like the men of the Revolution ! Crying —“ Oh , let the Song of Union be Strong and deep as the rolling sea ! Deep and strong as the rolling sea !” Rise , brothers , rise !— let your mingling cries , Roll out in a grand hosanna ! March , brothers , march ! while the stars o ’ erarch , We have always our country ’ s banner ! Crying —“ Oh , let the Song of Union be Strong and deep as the rolling sea ! Deep and strong as the rolling sea !” 62 Traitor , Spare that Flag . BY THOMAS MACEVILY . AIR — Woodman , Spare that Tree . Traitors , spare that flag ! Look up at its bright folds , And see within your hearts , The baseness of your souls ; For that ’ s the proud old flag Your sires oft fought under — Are you , degenerate sons , To tear it now asunder ? Traitors , spare that flag ! Or vengeance loud and deep Will justly fall from Heaven , And make you one day weep ; And the ashes of your fathers Will rise from out the tomb ’ Gainst their ungrateful dastards , To curse the traitor ’ s doom . Traitors , spare that flag ! If you would yet be free — If you ’ ve the least regard For homes and liberty ; If not , why , do your best ; We ’ ve men and means at hand To spread it to the breeze O ’ er all Columbia ’ s land . Traitors , spare that flag ! You ’ ve done mischief enough : You ’ ve stolen our gold and guns , And talked vain boasting stuff ; Then , touch not that proud flag , That banner of the free , Lest vengeance dire and deep May engulf you in misery . 63 A Life in the Soldier ’ s Camp . BY JAS . O ’ C ., COMPANY D , ANDERSON ZOUAVES . AIR — Life on the Ocean Wave . A life in the soldier ’ s camp , A home in the snow-white tent , Where we hear the sentry tramp , And merry hours are spent ; Where glory waits the brave , On the bloody battle-field , And the Stars and Stripes shall wave , O ’ er Zouaves that never yield . Come , shoulder your musket , boys , And off to the field of strife ; Leave home , and all its joys , And fly to a soldier ’ s life — With knapsack on your back , And canteen by your side — To follow the foeman ’ s track , Is the brave young Zouave ’ s pride . The camp is the place for me , When my country calls me there , To fight for the Flag of the Free , I ’ d live on homeliest fare ; When the tattoo beats at night , And the reveille in the morn , And the Zouave ’ s heart is light As soon as the day is born . Then farewell , home and friends , For I ’ ve joined the volunteers ; I ’ ll be with him who defends Our Flag , and never fears . I ’ m off for the Zouaves ’ camp , I ’ m bound for Freedom ’ s Wars ; On the rebel flag I ’ ll tramp , And fight for the Stripes and Stars . 64 A Soldier ’ s Dream of Home . BY WILLIAM ADAMS . Inscribed to Lieut . A. C. CALKINS , 21st ( Buffalo ) Reg ’ t , N. Y. S. V . AIR — America . Still is the mighty host , Each sentry at his post , ’ Tis midnight ’ s hour : There on my pallet low , My brain on fire — aglow With scenes of long-ago — Entrancing power ! Home of my boyhood ’ s hours , Nestled ’ mid shady bowers , How dear thou art ! I ’ m with you once again , Freed from the poignant pain Of seeing brothers slain — Never to part . Kind friends and parents dear , Brushing the silent tear , Utter , “ Welcome ! Let glee and joy abound , Let songs and jokes go round , A warrior ’ s here — we ’ ve found Our only son !” A ramble now I take O ’ er glen and silvery lake , Now doubly dear ! Slowly I tread South Hill , Thro ’ wood and over rill , The buzz of yon old mill Reaching my ear . Alas ! how brief the stay ! A twinkling — then away From scenes I love ! Back to the battle-field , Where wounded patriots bleed , From harm , be Thou my shield , Oh God ! above . 65 A Yankee Volunteer . I thought I ’ d better come to town , I brought along my gun , sir ; We guessed quite likely there ’ d be work , Or praps there might be fun , sir ; I heerd wild geese was plenty , now , A comin ’ from the south ’ ard , And thought I ’ d like a shot at some — If you ain ’ t too much bothered . My father sends his duty , sir ; He says that things is growin ’, And wants to know what he can do T ’ help the men that ’ s goin ’. Mother , she looks kind o ’ scared , But fixed my things to come , sir ; She didn ’ t want me , jest , to start , Nor jest to stay at home , sir . There ’ s brother Jim , he ’ s fierce to fight , “ Too young , boy ,” says the jury ; ( Jim ’ s seventeen ) so he gets mad And works away like fury . He ’ s nigh about as tall as I , That ’ s six foot and a quarter , ( Han ’ t measured lately , but I guess I can ’ t ha ’ grown much shorter .) Now , what d ’ ye spose Jerusha said , With her black eyes a snappin ’? She ’ s jest my second cousin , sir , One seldom caught a nappin ’. She said if she could see a man A fightin ’ for the flag , sir , That she would give her new silk gown And call it but a rag , sir . I ’ d meant before to come , for sure , But that was jest a clincher ; I never was a soldier , yit , But might be at a pinch , sir . I ’ ll try — and if my lamp goes out Afore their shot and brag , sir , Jest tell Jerusha how I died A fightin ’ for the flag , sir . 66 Three Cheers for Our Banner . Copied by permission of HORACE WATERS , Music Publisher , 481 Broadway , N. Y ., owner of the copyright . Three cheers for our Banner , the Stripes and the Stars , The ensign of Liberty ’ s glorious wars ! Fling it out to the breezes , its colors display , Let our Standard float boldly in face of the day . We will stand by this Banner , through fire and flood , We will guard and defend it , though crimson ’ d with blood . CHORUS . Then three cheers for our Banner , in peace and in wars , We will ever be true to the Stripes and the Stars . Three cheers for our Union , the land of our birth ; ’ Tis the fortress of freedom , the hope of the earth ; Arouse you , ye sons of the East and the West , To defend it , though blood flow from each gallant breast ; Remember , a noble old poet has said , ’ Tis sweet , for our country , to sleep with the dead . The noble young heroes , who rescue her name , Columbia will crown , with the garland of fame ; If they fall , she will weep o ’ er their glorious scars , And will lay them to rest ’ neath her Banner of Stars ; We know the Volunteers will always be found In the van of the host , on the blood-redden ’ d ground . Three cheers for Columbia , the queen of the world , To the wind ’ s every quarter her flag be unfurled ; We have bowed at her feet , in the day of her pride , Shall we basely desert her , now she is defied ? No ! millions of voices will instant reply , For freedom and country , we ’ ll dare and we ’ ll die . 67 The Flag of the Brave . AIR — Red , White and Blue . Our tars are the lords of the ocean , Our champions on the blue brine , And ’ mid the fierce battle ’ s commotion Our banner , triumphant , shall shine ! They ’ ll win a proud mention in story When cannon loud boom o ’ er the wave ; They ’ ll garland their banner with glory In fight , ’ neath the Flag of the Brave ! CHORUS . In fight ’ neath the Flag of the Brave ! In fight ’ neath the Flag of the Brave ! They ’ ll garland their banner with glory , In fight ’ neath the Flag of the Brave ! As long as a sail dots the ocean , Or sea-breezes blow o ’ er the deep , As long as the earth keeps in motion , Or stars their lone vigils shall keep — So long shall Columbia ’ s brave seamen Be monarchs upon the salt wave : Three cheers for the valor of Freemen ! Three cheers for the Flag of the Brave ! Chorus — Three cheers for the Flag of the Brave ! Three cheers for the Flag of the Brave ! Three cheers for the valor of freemen ! Three cheers for the Flag of the Brave ! 68 The Patriot Soldier . AIR — America , Commerce and Freedom . How proud the steps a soldier treads , His country ’ s cause defending ; And dear the blood a freeman sheds , With glory ’ s laurels blending ; Though fiery tempest sweep his path , In battle ’ s line appearing , And death draw nigh , in lurid wrath , All horrid shapes uprearing , CHORUS . Still , gallant and brave , he smiles at the grave , And hastes to his comrades , to lead them ; In the field of red Mars , ’ neath the Banner of Stars , His war-cry is “ Union and Freedom !” In all the land , from South to North , From East to West , he glories ; But fights to drive the traitors forth , And rid its soil of tories ! No crafty words his faith can shake — No force can make him falter ; He draws his sword for Union ’ s sake , And strikes for Freedom ’ s altar ! For , gallant and brave , he smiles at the grave , And flies to his comrades , to lead them ; In the field of red Mars , ’ neath the Banner of Stars , His war-cry is “ Union and Freedom !” 69 Give us Room . AIR — Buy a Broom . From Northland we come with our sharp-shooting rifles , To chase Southern traitors from Liberty ’ s soil ; All heedless of Bull-Runs or such passing trifles , We ’ re bound to march onward , through danger or toil . CHORUS . Give us room ! give us room ! Give us room ! give us room ! Our sharp-shooting rifles shall make for us room . From Sumter we first heard the cannon ’ s loud booming — O ’ er crimson Potomac the sound rose again ; And now from Missouri , where war-clouds are looming , We hear the loud summons of true-hearted men . Give us room ! give us room ! Give us room ! give us room ! Our sharp-shooting rifles will soon make us room . Brave Cameron lies low with the sods of the valley , And Lyon ’ s bold bosom is cold in the grave ; But again for the conflict their comrades still rally , And pour out for Union the blood of the brave . Give us room ! give us room ! Give us room ! give us room ! Our sharp-shooting rifles shall soon make us room . 70 The Union Marseillaise . AIR — The Marseilles Hymn . Arise ! Arise ! ye sons , of patriot sires ! A Nation calls ! and Heaven speed your way . Now Freedom lights anew her waning fires , And spreads her banner to the day , And spreads her banner to the day . While to His Throne our hearts are swelling , Freedom , and Law , and Truth , and Right , May God defend by his own might , By his right arm the treason quelling Ye loyal sons , and true , Sons of the brave and free , Join hearts , join hands , to strike anew For God and Liberty . With faith your all to Him confiding Who crowned with victory our fathers ’ hand , With courage in his strength abiding , Go forth in Freedom ’ s sacred band , Go forth to save our native land . Defend from faction ’ s wild commotion , Our homes , our laws , our schools and spires , The names and graves of patriot sires , Till Freedom reigns to furthest ocean . Ye loyal sons and true , Sons of the brave and free , Join hearts , join hands , to strike anew For God and Liberty . 71 The Alarum . BY R. H. STODDARD . Men of the North and West , Wake in your might , Prepare , as the Rebels have done , For the fight ; You cannot shrink from the test , Rise ! Men of the North and West ! They have torn down your banner of stars ; They have trampled the laws ; They have stifled the freedom they hate , For no cause ! Do you love it , or slavery best ? Speak ! Men of the North and West . They strike at the life of the State — Shall the murder be done ? They cry , “ We are two !” And you ? “ We are one !” You must meet them , then , breast to breast , On ! men of the North and West ! Not with words — they laugh them to scorn , And tears they despise ; But with swords in your hands , and death In your eyes ! Strike home ! leave to God all the rest , Strike ! Men of the North and West ! 72 Battle Invocation . BY JAMES G. CLARK . AIR — The Assyrian came down , etc . Oh ! spirits of Washington , Warren and Wayne ! Oh ! shades of the Heroes and Patriots slain ! Come down from your mountains of emerald and gold , And smile on the Banner ye cherished of old . Descend in your glorified ranks to the strife , Like legions sent forth from the armies of life ; Let us feel your deep presence , as waves feel the breeze When the white fleets , like snow-flakes , are drank by the seas . Proud sons of the soil where the Palmetto grows , Once patriots and brothers , now traitors and foes , Ye have turned from the path which our forefathers ’ trod , And stolen from man the best gift of his God . Ye have trampled the tendrils of love in the ground , Ye have scoffed at the law which the Nazarene found , Till the great wheel of Justice seemed blocked for a time , And the eyes of humanity blinded with crime . As the vail which conceals the clear starlight is riven When clouds strike together , by warring winds driven , So the blood of the race must be offered like rain , Ere the stars of our country are ransomed again . 73 The Patriot ’ s Address . AIR — Scots Wha Hae . Patriot hearts and loyal souls ! Ye whose faith no fear controls — Lo ! the storm of treason rolls Round your glorious liberty ! Rebel swords have struck your shield — Traitor hands their poniards wield — Miscreant tyrants bid ye yield Power and place to slavery ! By your ancient heroes ’ blood , By their deeds on field and flood ; By the fruits of Freedom ’ s bud , Sprung from northern loyalty — Strike at once these daring foes — Round their soil your legions close — Bid them drain the cup of woes They would fill for you and me . Heaven is on the Freeman ’ s side — God still rules the battle ’ s tide — Heaven and God they have defied , Who make war for slavery ! Let them feel a patriot ’ s ire , Withering all their base desire — Let our anger be as fire , Blasting chains and tyranny ! 74 The Patriot ’ s Wish . BY ROBERT M. HART . AIR — The Star-Spangled Banner . Oh God bless our land , and united once more , May we gather true wisdom from war ’ s desolation ; From the thick curling smoke , and the fierce cannon ’ s roar , Let peace in her beauty rise and smile on our nation ; To show to the world that peace is unfurled , And war from Columbia forever is hurled , CHORUS . That the proud Ark of Freedom , with bold , trusty crew , Still sails ’ neath the banner of the Red , White and Blue . Great God bless our land , for ’ tis dyed in the gore Of the good and the brave of a nation ’ s defenders ; Oh ! may death ’ s fearful havoc molest us no more , And Thy love fill the bosom as passion surrenders ; To show to the world that love is unfurled , And hate from Columbia forever is hurled . That the proud Ark , etc . Oh God bless our land — may our eagle still fly , And gaze on Columbia in proud adoration ; Let the sunlight of truth ever flash from his eye , Urging freemen to duty in dark tribulation ; To show to the world that truth is unfurled , Aught else from Columbia forever is hurled . That the proud Ark , etc . May the emblem we love , the Flag of the Free , For all time to come be our shield and our protection , Ever waving in glory on land and on sea , Our shrine of devotion and fond recollection ; To show to the world our flag is unfurled , And strife from Columbia forever is hurled . That the proud Ark , etc . 75 The Union Harvesting . AIR — Old Oaken Bucket . Oh , fair is the orchard , with russet fruit laden , And bright is the cornfield , all golden with grain , And sweet is the garden , where matron and maiden , Sit listening at eve to the whippowil ’ s strain ; But fairer , and brighter , and sweeter , and dearer , Are the orchards of crimson , the fields of bright red , And the flow ’ rets immortal that hallow the wearer , Whose blood for his country is loyally shed , In the orchards of Union , the cornfields of Union , The gardens of Union , for Liberty shed . Though the reaper be Death , and his garner the charnel , And the wine-press o ’ erflow with our patriot blood — Though the furrows run red with a vintage incarnal , Who will shrink from the field ? who will pause at the flood ? Who will measure the grain while ’ tis standing or falling ? Who will count what is lost , till the day shall be won ? While the sun shines aloft , while the Master is calling , In the field be our place , till the field-work is done ! In the orchards of Union , the cornfields of Union , The gardens of Union , till victory is won . Beadle ’ s Dime Song Books . No . 1 . All ’ s for the best , A good time coming , A national song , A thousand a year , Annie Laurie , Ans ’ er to thousand a year , Ans ’ er to K. Kearney , Belle Brandon , Ben Bolt , Blind boy ’ s lament , Bob Ridley , Bold private ’ r , Do they miss me at home , Don ’ t be angry , Down the river , Dying Californian , E Pluribus Unum , Evening star , Faded flowers , Gentle Annie , Gentle Jennie Gray , Glad to get home , Hard times , Have you seen my sister , Heather dale , Hills of New England , Home again , I am not angry , I want to go home , Juney at the gate , Kate Kearney , Kiss me quick and go , Kitty Clyde , Little Blacksmith , Marseilles hymn , Miller of the Dee , My home in Kentu ’ k , My own native land , Nelly Gray , Nelly was a lady , Old dog Tray , Old folks we loved ., Our Mary Ann , Over the mountain , Poor old slave , Red , white and blue , Root , hog , or die — 1 , 2 , 3 & 4 ., Row , row , Shells of the ocean , Song of the sexton , Sword of Bunk ’ r hill , Star spangled ban ’ er , The age of progress , The lake-side shore , The old farm-house , The old play-ground , The rock of liberty , The tempest , Twenty years ago , Twinkling stars , Uncle Sam ’ s farm , Unfurl the banner , Wait for the wagon , Willie , we ’ ve missed , Willie , roam no more , No . 2 . Alice Gray , America , Banks of Mohawk , Be kind to each oth ’ r , Billy Grimes , rover , Bryan O ’ Lynn , Come , sit thee down , Cora Lee , Crazy Jane , Darling Nelly Moore , Darling old stick , Fireman ’ s victory , Good news from home , Good-night , Grave of Lilly Dale , Graves of household , Home , sweet home , I ’ ve no mother now , I ’ m going home , I ’ m leaving thee in sorrow , I miss thee , Irishman ’ s shanty , I wandered by the brook , Katy Darling , Kathl ’ n Movourneen , Little Katy , Mary of wild moor , Mabel Clare , Mary Aileen , Mill May , Minnie Moore , Minnie dear , Mrs. Lofty and I , Mr. Finagan , My eye and B. Martin , My love is a saileur , My mother dear , My grandma ’ s advice , My mother ’ s bible , Nancy Bell , New England , Oh ! the sea , the sea , Old folks are gone , Old sideling hill , Our boyhood days , Our fatherland , Peter Gray , Rory O ’ Moore , Scorn not thy broth ’ r , Shouldn ’ t like to tell , Somebody ’ s waiting , The farmer sat , The farmer ’ s boy , The postboy ’ s song , The quilting party , Three bells , ’ Tis home where the heart is , Waiting for the May , We stand united , Where bright waves , What other name , What ’ s home without mother , Winter , Widow Machree , Willie ’ s on the sea . No . 3 . Annie , dear , good-by , A sailor ’ s life for me , Answer to Jeannette , Bessie was a bride , Bonnie Jean , Boys of Kilkenny , Comic Katy Darling , Comic parody , Darling Jennie Bell , Darling Rosabel , Death of An ’ e Laurie , Emigrant ’ s farewell , Ettie May , Few days , Fine old Eng . Gent ., Fine old Irish Gent ., Fine old Dutchman , Fireman ’ s death , Girl in a calico dress , Give ’ em string , Girl I left behind me , Golddigger ’ s lament , Go it while young , Hail Columbia , Happy Hezekiah , I choose to be a daisy , Isle of beauty , I ’ ve som ’ thing sweet , I think of old Ireland , Jeannette and Jeannot , John Jones , Jordan is a hard road , Kitty Kimo , Lather and shave , Lager bier song , Linda has departed , Lilly Bell , Love not , Man the life-boat , My dear old mother , My heart ’ s in Ireland , My poor dog Tray , Old dog Tray , No . 2 , Old oaken bucket , Old Rosin the beau , Old whisky jug , Other side of Jordan , Over the left , Parody — To the west , Pirate ’ s serenade , Pop goes the weasel , Pretty Jane , Rosa Lee , Song of locomotive , Sparking Sarah Ann , The American boy , The American girl , The Fireman ’ s boy , The Indian hunter , Ten o ’ clock , Tilda Horn , To the west , True blue , Uncle Ned , Unhappy Jeremiah , Villikens and Dinah , We miss thee home , What ’ ll Grundy say , Woodm ’ n , spare tree , Yellow Texas rose . No . 4 . A merry Gipsey girl , A national song , Ans ’ er to K. Darling , Ben Fisher and wife , Bonnie Jamie , Broken-hearted Tom , By the sad sea-waves , Columbia rules sea , Come , gang wi ’ me , Commence , darkies , Cottage by the sea , Daylight on the sea , Don ’ t cry so , Norah , Erin is my home , Gal from the south , Get out wilderness , Harp of Tara ’ s hall , He led her to altar , Home , sweet home , I am a freeman , I ’ ll hang my harp , I ’ m not myself at all , Indian Hunter , Indian warr .’ s grave , I ’ ve been roaming , I wish he ’ d decide , Jane Monroe , Jolly Jack , rover , Johnny ’ s for soldier , Kate was a little girl , Kitty Tyrel , Let me kiss for his mother , Linda ’ s gone to Balt ., Maud Adair and I , Molly Bawn , My ain fireside , My boyhood ’ s home , Nora , of Kidare , Kiss , but never tell , Old uncle Edward , Paddy on the canal , Parody on Unc . Sam , Poor old maids , Preserve the mariner , Ship ahoy , Somebody ’ s courting , Song of the farmer , Song , Blanche Alpen , Sparking Sunday n ’ t , Sprig of shillelah , Stand by the flag , The engineer ’ s song , The farmer ’ s boy , The hazel dell , The little low room , The low-backed car , The old brown cot , The old kirk-yard , Terry O ’ Reilly , They don ’ t wish me home , Tom Brown , Uncle Gabriel , Uncle Tim , the toper , We were boys tog ’ er , We ’ re growing old , We ’ re fond of kissi ’ g , Where are the hopes , Wit ’ n mile of Edin ’ o , Would I were a boy , Would I were a girl , Would I ’ re with thee . No . 5 . A dollar or two , A man ’ s a man , A Yan . ship and crew , Angels whisper , Auld lang syne , Bashful young man , Call me pet names , Camptown racers , Charity , Cheer , boys , cheer , Comin ’ thro ’ the rye , Days I was hard-up , Dermot Astore , Dilla Burn , Down the burn , Davy , Dumbarton ’ s dell , Ever of thee , Gently o ’ er me steals , Gum-tree canoe , Grave of uncle True , Grave of Bonaparte , Hark , I hear an angel , I offer thee this hand , Irish Emig . lament , John Anderson , Johnny a shoemaker , Kind Relations , Last w ’ k I took wife , Lass ’ t loves a sailor , Last rose of summer , Lily of the west , Mary of Argyle , Meet me by moonli ’ t , Minute gun at sea , Napolitaine , Norah McShane , Nothing else to do , Och , Paddy , is it ye , Oft in the stilly n ’ ht , Poor fishermans girl , Rat-catcher ’ s daug ’ r , Rose of Allandale , Roll on , silver moon , Sambo , I ’ ve missed , Sammy Slap , Simon , the cellarer , Someth ’ g to love me , Some love to drink , Sourkrout and sau ’ s , The gay cavalier , The gambler ’ s wife , The ingle side , The ivy green , The monks of old , The musical wife , The ocean burial , The old arm-chair , The watcher , Tail iv me coat , Thou art gone , Thou hast wounded , ’ Tis midnight hour , Twilight dews , Umbrella courtship , Wake , Dinah , wake , Washington , We ’ ll have a dance , We met by chance , When I saw Nelly , When the swallows , Whoop de doodle do , William of the ferry , Will you love me . No . 6 . Annie Lisle , Beautiful world , Be kind to the loved , Bloom is on the rye , Bobbin ’ around , Bonnie Dundee , Cottage of mother , Courting in Conn ’ t , Dearest Mae , Dear mother , I come , Ella Ree , Fairy Dell , Far , far upon the sea , Female auctioneer , Gentle Hallie , Gentle Nettie Moore , Happy we to-night , Hattie Lee , He doeth all things , Home without sister , I can ’ t call her mot ’ r , I ’ ll paddle my canoe , I ’ m stand ’ g by grave , Irish jaunting car , Is it anybody ’ s bus ’ s , Jane O ’ Mally , Jenny Lane , Joanna Snow , Johnny Sands , Lilly Dale , Little more cider , Lords of creation , Lulu is our pride , Marion Lee , Meet me by the br ’ k , Merry sleighride , Minnie Clyde , Mountaineer ’ s fare ’ l , Not for gold , Not married yet , Oh , carry me home , Old homestead , Old mountain tree , Ossian ’ s serenade , Over the river , Riding on a rail , Sailor boy ’ s dream , Say yes , pussy , Silber shining moon , Song my mot ’ r sang , Spare the homestead , Spirit-voice of Belle , Squire Jone ’ s dau ’ r , The blue Junietta , The carrier-dove , The child ’ s wish , The maniac , The May-queen , The miller ’ s maid , The modern belle , The strawberry girl , The snow-storm , Three grains of corn , Washington ’ s grave , Where are friends , Why chime the bells , Why don ’ t the men , Will nobody marry , Young recruit . No . 7 . A ride I was taking , Anchor ’ s weighed , Beautiful Venice , Billy Patterson , Breeze of the night , Bright-eyed Nell , Come , Willie dear , Deal with me kindly , Dixie ’ s Land , 1 & 2 , Dolcy Jones , Don ’ t you remember , Down in cane-brakes , Fairy Belle , Farewell , cottage , Glendy burk , Ho , Gondolier , wake , How shall I watch , Hush-a-by , baby , I love my nat . land , I ’ m a jolly bachelor , It is recorded , Julianna Johnson , Lilly Ray , Little Daisy , Little Ella , Maggie by my side , Maggie , pride of vale , Mary May , Mary ’ s welcome , Massa in cold gro ’ nd , Massa sound sleep ’ g , My brodder Gum , My canoe ’ s on Ohio , My old house , My mountain home , Nelly Bly , Newfoundland dog , No , thank you , sir , Old ironsides , Old K. Y. Ky , Our Union , r ’ t or w ’ g , Over the summer sea , Paddy Boghree , Queen Mary ’ s escape , Revolutionary times , Ring de banjo , Roy Neill , She ’ s black , Some folks , Star of my home , Take me home to die , The evening gun , The happy Switzer , The home I leave , The messenger bird , The old stage-coach , The pilot , The reefer ’ s song , The ship on fire , The sleighing glee , Under the willow , Virginia Belle , Way down in Cairo , We ’ re coming , sister , Who ’ ll have me , Willie , my brave . No . 8 . A life on the ocean , Annie of the vale , A wet sheet , Bonnie Eloise , Brightly o ’ er lake , By the lone riverside , Campbells are com ’ g , Come by sil ’ ry brook , Come , maiden , Down by the river , Ella Leene , Ellen Bayne , Farewell , Lilly dear , Farewell , mother , Girls aren ’ t so green , Going home to Dixie , Good-by , Linda love , Happy be thy dreams , Hard times , Home and friends , Home I leave behind , I ’ d be a Gipsey , I ’ d rather be a violet , If I had one to love , I had a dream , I ’ m o ’ er young , I ’ m queen of village , I ’ m thinking of thee , I see her in dreams , Jeanie with the , Jennie ’ s coming o ’ er , Katie ’ s secret , Kinlock of Kinlock , Kitty dear , Kitty Wells , Light of other days , List to the mocking , Little Jennie Dow , Lizzie dies to-night , Lone starry hours , Long weary day , Lost Rosabel , Mary Avourneen , Meeting of waters , Near the banks of , Old black Joe , Old folks at home , Riding in a ra ’ d keer , Rock me to sleep , Row , row , brothers , Row your boat , Scenes brightest , She wept her life , Sighing for thee , Silvery midn ’ t moon , Some one to love , Take me to Tennes ’ e , Tapping at window , The brave old oak , The dream is past , The sea , the sea , The wild rose , The Zingarina , ’ Tis but a faded flo ’ er , Vive L ’ America , We ’ ll meet in heaven , Western trap ’ rs song , What are wild waves , What fair ’ like music , Why have my loved , Whistle and I come . No . 9 . A maiden ’ s prayer , Basketmaker ’ s child , Banks and braes , Be quiet , do , Bowld sojer boy , Boys , carry me ’ long , Bonnie new moon , Bright moonlit sea , Call me not unkind , Canadian boat-song , Castles in the air , Come wh ’ re moonb ’ s , Come to de gum-tree , Come where my love , Cruiskeen Lawn , Do they think of me , Do you remember , Down at de barbecue , Eulalie , Ever be happy , Flow gently , Afton , Female smuggler , Gentle Bessie Gray , Grave of Kitty Clyde , Hannah at the win ’ w , Harp of wild wind , Hark , the vesper-h ’ n , Household clock , I breathe my nat . air , I dream of mother , I ’ ll be no submissive , I ’ m not so ugly man , Jamie ’ s on the sea , Jockey hat , Joys we ’ ve tasted , Johnny ’ s so bashful , Jennie ’ s blue e ’ e , Juanita , Kind words , Kissing through bars , Kiss me good-night , Landlord ’ s pet , List to the convent , Mary Blane , Mine own , Mother , I ’ m thinki ’ g , My mountain home , My old Ky. home , Nancy Till , Negro Boatman song , Nettie is no more , No one to love , Not a star from flag , Old schoolhouse , Once more on sea , Our laddie ’ s dead , Rouse , brothers , Shall we know each , Sigh in the heart , Silence and Tears , Silver moonl ’ t winds , Sleeping I dreamed , Star of the twilight , Teddy O ’ Neale , That ’ s what ’ s matter , The blarney , The captain , The miller ’ s song , Three fishers , ’ Way down in Maine , Widow Malone , Woman ’ s resolution . No . 10 . Alabama Joe , All round my hat , Answer of Ben Bolt , Away down east , Away goes Cuffee , Battle-cry of Free ’ m , Beggar girl , Billie Boy , Bingen on Rhine , Bonnie blue flag , Bring my bro ’ r back , Buy a broom , Call me not back , Come back , massa , Come , oh come , Dear mother , I ’ ve , Fannie Grey , Gaffer Grey , Gentle Annie Ray , High Daddie , How are you , con ’ s , I dreamed my boy , I know a pair of , I know my mother , I love the merry , I ’ ll tell nobody , I ’ m coming home , I muse on the , In chamois ’ track , Jennie June , Jessie , the flower of , Katie Bell , Keep this Bible , Kiss me , darling , Lanigan ’ s ball , Larry ’ s good-by , Long , long ago , Love me little , Make me no gaudy , Mister Hill , pray be , Miseries of sneez ’ g , Mother would com ’ t , Murmuring sea , My Emma Louise , Nigger , put down , Oh , I ’ ll wear a un ’ m , Oh , sing to me , Rally round the flag , Rocked in the cradle , Roses lie along the , Stars and stripes , Stop dat knockin ’, Sunny hours of ch ’ d , Switzer ’ s song of , Tell mother I die , Things that never , Weeping , sad and , Werry pekooliar , We will not retreat , Wouldn ’ t you like , When this cruel war , Who ’ ll care for mo ’ r , Why do I weep for , Will he never come . No . 11 . A curious circumst ’ e , Bill and I , Boy with the auburn , Carrie Lee , Darling Nora ’ s mine , Dear mother , call , Evangeline , Every household has , Fairy dreams , Gay and happy , God bless you , Grafted into the , Grandmother told , How are you , tele ’ h , I loved that dear old , I remember the hour , I wish he ’ d tell me , Jennie Lorn , Katy Avourneen , Kind friends are , King Cotton , Little Major , Love ’ s perfect cure , Mother , dearest , I , Mother kissed me in , My country so dear , My little valley home , My love is on the , No Irish need apply , Oh , give us a navy , Old John Jones , Old Jessy , On the field of battle , On the shores of , Our country and flag , Shall we meet again , The bachelor ’ s lam ’ t , The day mother died , The nation shall not , The regular cure , The song of the , The rhinoceros , The rock beside the , The Virginia rose ’ d , They pray for us at , ’ Tis midnight on the , Tom Thumb ’ s wed ’ g , Trust to luck , Was my brother in , Willow cot , Would I were with , You say I know not . No . 12 . Ah , he kissed me , A little farm well , All ’ s well , A vesper song , Babylon is fallen , Beautiful Rose , Bread and cheese , Brother ’ s fainting , Cousin Jedediah , Daisy Deane , Dream on , Lillie , Ella Clay , Footsteps on the , He ’ s gone to the , I ’ m going to fight , Isabel , lost Isabel , I sailed in the good , Jack on the green , Jenny Brown and I , Johnny is my darl ’ g , Johnny Schmoker , Just before the , Katy ’ s letter , Maid of Llanwellyn , Merry , little , gray , Nellie lost and found , Oh , are ye sleeping , Oh , bless me , mo ’ r , Ole Dan Tucker , Our Captain ’ s last , Our sweethearts , Robin Adair , Singular dreams , Sleeping for the flag , Song of a thousand , The bell-ringer , The blue jay ’ s me ’ y , The coat of other . Why these works ( Beadle ’ s Dime Books ) are popular , is a problem , quite as much for the moralist and the student of National character as for the critic . It is a satisfaction that , being so , they are , without exception , so far as we can judge , unexceptionably moral . * * They do not , even obscurely , pander to vice , or excite the passions .— NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW FOR JULY , 1864 . BEADLE ’ S DIME PUBLICATIONS . These publications , by their combined cheapness , excellence , and beauty , have become familiar to the American public . They are , doubtless , the most popular series of books ever issued in this country . This popularity is due quite as much to the high standard of merit maintained in each work , as to the exceeding cheapness of the little volumes . Literary and moral excellence are primary requisites for all contributions to the series , as well as dramatic interest , power and beauty of story . Not a manuscript is used which has not all of these qualities . Hence the popularity and permanent value of these now conceded household and public favorites ; and the general reader , the teacher , the parent , the scholar , may rest assured that , in securing any selected book of the list , they have what will prove eminently satisfactory . The list , it will be observed , comprises works of a varied character — each complete of its kind , and especially designed to place within reach of those seeking for “ good books at cheap rates ,” such as are calculated to afford pleasure , to edify , and to become standards of reference . The DIME NOVELS series comprises nothing but carefully-chosen works , chiefly in the field of American historical fiction , and frontier , backwoods , and Indian life delineation . Only the most unexceptionable of writers contribute to the series — thus assuring the high moral as well as literary excellence of each issue . The series embodies some of the most enticing , as it certainly comprises the cheapest , books in American light literature . The DIME BIOGRAPHIES are unusually valuable and appropriate . Each issue is 100 pages , 12mo , set in clear-face , close-cast type ; and , being prepared with all the care of elaborate works , contains the matter of a large and expensive book . The list comprises , as its subjects , only those whose character and deeds render their record one of unique interest and brilliancy . The MEN OF THE TIME series embraces very graphic and stirring biographical sketches of our “ Fighting Generals ”— those who are working out the great problem of the Union . The list , it will be observed , contains those whose record the public desire to read . DIME TALES , TRADITIONS AND ROMANCE of Border and Revolutionary Times . Published in numbers , 64 crown octavo pages — each number being complete in itself ; beautifully illustrated . This charming series embraces the romance of our history . It is a very cheap and very desirable household and family library . Edited by EDWARD S. ELLIS , Esq . The DIME FICTION is a new octavo series , in which it is designed to embrace many novel and exhilarating stories illustrative of local life and peculiarities , of forest and backwoods characteristics and experiences , of strange adventure and singular incident . The best of writers only will contribute to this delightful series . The DIME TEXT and HAND-BOOKS have won a permanent place in the market for such works . The motto , “ incomparable in excellence , unapproachable in price ,” especially attaches to these little volumes — each one of which is a pocket encyclop æ dia on its subject . To the housekeeper , to young people , and to those interested in games , etc ., these books are truly valuable . The DIME FAMILY and SCHOOL series aims to supply a class of text-books and manuals fitted for every person ’ s use — the old and the young , the learned and the unlearned . They have won the heartiest commendations of eminent educational men , and bid fair to find their way into schools and families generally . The DIME SONG BOOKS possess one feature which renders them incomparably the best in the market . Beadle & Co. have the exclusive right to use words of songs issued by most of our music publishers . Thus , most of the popular songs of the day can only be had ( words ) in the Dime Song series . ☞ Beadle ’ s Dime Publications can be had of Newsdealers generally ; or , they will be sent , POST-PAID , to any address , on receipt of price — Ten Cents for each book ordered . Catalogues supplied free , on application . Address BEADLE AND COMPANY , General Dime Book Publishers , 118 William Street , New York . Transcriber ’ s Notes ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner ’ and ‘ Hail Columbia ’ are shown in the Table of Contents on pages 76 and 77 , respectively . Neither appears in this volume . ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner ’ appears in Dime Song Book 1 , and ‘ Hail Columbia ’ appears in Dime Song Book 3 . Words in italics are surrounded by underscores , like this . Within text of poems , missing punctuation was added to the end of sentences . Missing commas and periods were added to ends of index entries . The last page of the book was damaged along the right edge . Missing letters were added to complete words in the damaged section . In the Table of Contents , ‘ Begone , Secesh ’ was changed to ‘ Begone , Sesesh ’ to match the spelling in the poem on page 43 . In other lyrics , the word is spelled ‘ Secesh ’ and was not changed .