CHAMBERS EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 418 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , JANUARY 3 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . A CHILD 'S TOY . The afternoon was drawing in towards evening ; the air was crisp and cool , and the wind near the earth , steady but gentle ; while above all was as calm as sleep , and the pale clouds — just beginning in the west to be softly gilded by the declining sun — hung light and motionless . The city , although not distant , was no longer visible , being hidden by one of the many hills which give such enchantment to the aspect of our city . There was altogether something singularly soothing in the scene — something that disposed not to gravity , but to elevated thought . As we looked upwards , there was some object that appeared to mingle with the clouds , to form a part of their company , to linger , mute and motionless like them , in that breathless blue , as if feeling the influence of the hour . It was not a white-winged bird that had stolen away to muse in the solitudes of air : it was nothing more than a paper kite . On that paper kite we looked long and intently . It was the moral of the picture ; it appeared to gather in to itself the sympathies of the whole beautiful world ; and as it hung there , herding with the things of heaven , our spirit seemed to ascend and perch upon its pale bosom like a wearied dove . Presently we knew the nature of the influence it exercised upon our imagination ; for a cord , not visible at first to the external organs , though doubtless felt by the inner sense , connected it with the earth of which we were a denizen . We knew not by what hand the cord was held so steadily . Perhaps by some silent boy , lying prone on the sward behind yonder plantation , gazing up along the delicate ladder , and seeing unconsciously angels ascending and descending . When we had looked our fill , we went slowly and thoughtfully home along the deserted road , and nestled as usual , like a moth , among our books . A dictionary was lying near ; and with a languid curiosity to know what was said of the object that had interested us so much , we turned to the word , and read the following definition : Kite — a child 's toy . What wonderful children there are in this world , to be sure ! Look at that American boy , with his kite on his shoulder , walking in a field near Philadelphia . He is going to have a fly ; and it is famous weather for the sport , for it is in June — June 1752 . The kite is but a rough one , for Ben has made it himself , out of a silk-handkerchief stretched over two cross-sticks . Up it goes , however , bound direct for a thunder-cloud passing overhead ; and when it has arrived at the object of its visit , the flier ties a key to the end of his string , and then fastens it with some silk to a post . By and by he sees some loose threads of the hempen-string bristle out and stand up , as if they had been charged with electricity . He instantly applies his knuckle to the key , and as he draws from it the electrical spark , this strange little boy is struck through the very heart with an agony of joy . His labouring chest relieves itself with a deep sigh , and he feels that he could be contented to die that moment . And indeed he was nearer death than he supposed ; for as the string was sprinkled with rain , it became a better conductor , and gave out its electricity more copiously ; and if it had been wholly wet , the experimenter might have been killed upon the spot . So much for this child 's toy . The splendid discovery it made — of the identity of lightning and electricity — was not allowed to rest by Ben Franklin . By means of an insulated iron rod the new Prometheus drew down fire from heaven , and experimented with it at leisure in his own house . He then turned the miracle to a practical account , constructing a pointed metallic rod to protect houses from thunder . One end of this true magic wand is higher than the building and the other end buried in the ground ; and the submissive lightning , instead of destroying life and property in its gambols , darts direct along the conductor into the earth . We may add that Ben was a humorous boy , and played at various things as well as kite-flying . Hear this description of his pranks at an intended pleasure-party on the banks of the Skuylkill : ‘ Spirits at the same time are to be fired by a spark sent from side to side through the river , without any other conductor than water — an experiment which we have some time since performed to the amazement of many . A turkey is to be killed for dinner by the electrical shock ; and roasted by the electrical jack , before a fire kindled by the electric bottle ; when the healths of all the famous electricians in England , Holland , France , and Germany , are to be drunk in electrified bumpers , under the discharge of guns from the electrical battery . ’ We now turn to a group of capital little fellows who did something more than fly their kite . These were English skippers , promoted somehow to the command of vessels before they had arrived at years of discretion ; and , chancing to meet at the port of Alexandria in Egypt , they took it into their heads — these naughty boys — that they would drink a bowl of punch on the top of Pompey 's Pillar . This pillar had often served them for a signal at sea . It was composed of red granite , beautifully polished , and standing 114 feet high , overtopped the town . But how to get up ? They sent for a kite , to be sure ; and the men , women , and children of Alexandria , wondering what they were going to do with it , followed the toy in crowds . The kite was flown over the Pillar , and with such nicety , that when it fell on the other side the string lodged upon the beautiful Corinthian capital . By this means they were able to draw over the Pillar a two-inch rope , by which one of the youngsters ‘ swarmed ’ to the top . The rope was now in a very little while converted into a sort of rude shroud , and the rest of the party followed , and actually drank their punch on a spot which , seen from the surface of the earth , did not appear to be capable of holding more than one man . By means of this exploit it was ascertained that a statue had once stood upon the column — and a statue of colossal dimensions it must have been to be properly seen at such a height . But for the rest — if we except the carving of sundry initials on the top — the result was only the knocking down of one of the volutes of the capital , for boys are always doing mischief ; and this was carried to England by one of the skippers , in order to execute the commission of a lady , who , with the true iconoclasm of her country , had asked him to be so kind as to bring her a piece of Pompey 's Pillar . Little fellows , especially of the class of bricklayers , are no great readers , otherwise we might suspect that the feat of the skipper-boys had conveyed some inspiration to Steeple Jack . Who is Steeple Jack ? asks some innocent reader at the Antipodes . He is a little spare creature who flies his kite over steeples when there is anything to do to them , and lodging a cord on the apex , contrives by its means to reach the top without the trouble of scaffolding . No fragility , no displacement of stones , no leaning from the perpendicular , frightens Steeple Jack . He is as bold as his namesake Jack-the-Giant-Killer , and does as wonderful things . At Dunfermline , not long ago , when the top of the spire was in so crazy a state that the people in the street gave it a wide berth as they passed , he swung himself up without hesitation , and set everything to rights . At the moment we write his cord is seen stretched from the tall , slim , and elegant spire of the Assembly Hall in Edinburgh , which is to receive through his agency a lightning-conductor ; and Jack only waits the subsidence of a gale of wind to glide up that filmy rope like a spider . He is altogether a strange boy , Steeple Jack . Nobody knows where he roosts upon the earth , if he roosts anywhere at all . The last time there was occasion for his services , this advertisement appeared in the Scotsman : ‘ Steeple Jack is wanted at such a place immediately ’ — and immediately Steeple Jack became visible . In 1827 the child 's toy was put to a very remarkable use by one Master George Pocock . This clever little fellow observed that his kite sometimes gave him a very strong pull , and it occurred to him that if made large enough it might be able to pull something else . In fact , he at length yoked a pair of large kites to a carriage , and travelled in it from Bristol to London , distancing in grand style every other conveyance on the road . A twelve-foot kite , it appears , in a moderate breeze , has a one-man power of draught , and when the wind is brisker , a force equal to 200 lbs . The force in a rather high wind is as the squares of the lengths ; and two kites of fifteen and twelve feet respectively , fastened one above the other , will draw a carriage and four or five passengers at the rate of twenty miles an hour . But George 's invention went beyond the simple idea . He had an extra line which enabled him to vary the angle of the surface of his kites with the horizon , so as to make his a ë rial horses go fast or slow as he chose ; and side-lines to vary the direction of the force , till it came almost to right angles with the direction of the wind . His kites were made of varnished linen , and might be folded up into small compass . The same principle was successfully applied by a nautical lad of the name of Dansey to the purpose of saving vessels in a gale of wind on ‘ the dread lee-shore . ’ His kite was of light canvas . In India , China , and the intermediate countries , the aggregate population of which includes one-half of mankind , kites are the favourite toy of both old and young boys , from three years to threescore and ten . Sometimes they really resemble the conventional dragon , from which , among Scotch children , they derive their name ; sometimes they are of a diamond shape , and sometimes they are like a great spider with a narrow waist . Our Old Indian is eloquent on kites , and the glory of their colours , which , in the days of other years , made her girlish heart leap , and her girlish eyes dazzle . The kite-shop is like a tulip-bed , full of all sorts of gay and gorgeous hues . The kites are made of Chinese paper , thin and tough , and the ribs of finely-split bamboo . A wild species of silkworm is pressed into the service , and set to spin nuck for the strings — a kind of thread which , although fine , is surprisingly strong . Its strength , however , is wanted for aggression as well as endurance ; and a mixture composed of pounded glass and rice gluten is rubbed over it . Having been dried in the sun , the prepared string is now wound upon a handsome reel of split bamboo inserted in a long handle . One of these reels , if of first-rate manufacture , costs a shilling , although coarser ones are very cheap ; and of the nuck , about four annas , or sixpence worth , suffices for a kite . In a Hindoo town the kite-flying usually takes place on some common ground in the vicinity , and there may be seen the young and old boys in eager groups , and all as much interested in the sport as if their lives depended upon their success . And sometimes , indeed , their fortunes do . Many a poor little fellow bets sweetmeats upon his kite to the extent of his only anna in the world ; and many a rich baboo has more rupees at stake than he can conveniently spare . But the exhilarating sport makes everybody courageous ; and the glowing colours of the kites enable each to identify his own when in the air , and give him in it , as it were , a more absolute property . Matches are soon made . Up go the a ë rial combatants , and with straining eyes and beating hearts their fate is watched from below . But their masters are far from passive , for this is no game of chance , depending upon the wind . Kite-flying is in these countries an art and mystery ; and some there be who would not disclose their recipe for the nuck-ointment , if their own grandfathers should go upon their knees to ask it . Sometimes an event occurs on the common . It is the ascent of a pair of kites of a distingu é air , and whose grand and determined manner shews that the combat is to be à l'outrance , and that a large stake of money depends upon the result . The fliers are invisible . They are probably on the flat roof of some neighbouring house ; but the kites are not the less interesting on account of their origin being unknown . What a host of anxious faces are turned up to the sky ! Some take a liking to the red at first sight , while others feel attracted by a mysterious sympathy to the green . Bets are freely offered and accepted either in sweetmeats or money ; and the crowd , condensing , move to and fro in a huge wave , from which their eager voices arise like the continuous roaring of the sea . Higher and higher go the kites . Well done , Red ! he has shot above his antagonist , and seems meditating a swoop ; but the Green , serenely scornful , continues to soar , and is soon uppermost . And thus they go — now up , now down , relatively to each other , but always ascending higher and higher , till the spectators almost fear that they will vanish out of sight . But at length the Green , taking advantage of a loftier position he has gained , makes a sudden circuit , and by an adroit manoeuvre gets his silken string over the silken string of the other , Here a shout of triumph and a yell of terror break simultaneously from the crowd ; for this is the crisis of the fight . The victor gives a fierce cut upon his adversary 's line . The backers of the latter fancy they hear it grate , and in an instant their forebodings are realised ; far the unfortunate Red is seen to waver like a bird struck by a shot , and then , released from the severed string , he descends in forlorn gyrations to the earth . Now rush in the smaller boys to play their part , Their object is that of the plunderers who traverse the field after a battle , to rob the dying and the slain . Off run the little Hindoos , like a company of imps from the nether regions , tearing and fighting as they fly ; and on reaching the fallen kite , the object of their contention is torn to pieces in the scuffle . Presently the victorious Green is seen descending , and the gross excitement of the common pauses to watch his majestic flight . He is of the largest size of Indian kites called ching , and of the spider shape . Before being drawn in , he hangs for an instant high up over the crowd . It is not , however , to sing Io P æ ans for his victory , but apparently rather to mourn over the ruin he has made ; for a wailing music breathes from his wings as he passes . This is caused by the action of the wind upon some finely-split bamboo twigs arched over the kite without touching the paper , and which thus become a true Æ olian harp . Sometimes a kite of this kind is sent up at night , bearing a small lighted lantern of talc ; and the sleepers awakened , called to their balconies by the unearthly music , gaze after the familiar apparition not without a poetical thrill . Upon the whole , it must be admitted , we think , that this is a somewhat interesting child 's toy . But has the kite a future ? Will its powers exhibit new developments , or has it already reached its pride of place ? If a twelve-foot kite has the force of a man , would it take many more feet to lift a man into the air ? And supposing the man to be in a strong cage of network , with bamboo ribs , and a seat of the same material , would he have greater difficulty in governing his a ë rial coursers by means of the Pocock cords , than if he were flashing along the road from Bristol to London ? Mind , we do not say that this is possible : we merely ask for the sake of information ; and if any little boy will favour us with his opinion , we shall take it very kind . Come and let us fancy that it is possible . The traveller feels much more comfortable than in the car of a balloon , for he knows he can go pretty nearly in what direction he chooses , and that he can hasten or check the pace of his horses , and bring them to a stand-still at pleasure . See him , therefore , boldly careering through the air at the rate of any number of miles the wind pleases . At a single bound he spans yonder broad river , and then goes bowling over the plantation beyond , just stirring the leaves as he passes ; trees , water , houses , men , and animals gliding away beneath his feet like a dream . Now he stoops towards the earth , just to make the people send up their voices that there may be some sound in the desert air . Now he swings up again ; now he leaps over that little green hill ; now he — Hold ! hold , little boy !— that will do : enough for a time of a Child 's Toy . JAMES FENIMORE COOPER . ‘ .... Whose trained eye was keen , As eagle of the wilderness , to scan His path by mountain , lake , or deep ravine , Or ken far friendly huts on good savannas green . ’ — CAMPBELL : Gertrude of Wyoming . On the 14th of last September , America lost the greatest of her novelists in the person of James Fenimore Cooper . He was born on the 15th of that month , 1789 ; so that , had he lived but a few hours longer , he would have completed his sixty-second year . At the time of his birth , his father , Judge Cooper , resided at Burlington , New Jersey , where the future litt é rateur commenced his education , and in so doing acquired a decided reputation for talent , which was not tarnished during subsequent years of tutelage at Newhaven and Yale College . At sixteen he exchanged the study of ancient literature and the repose of academic life for the bustling career of a ‘ middy ’ in the American navy ; continuing for some half-dozen years his connection with those ocean scenes which he then learned to love so well and to describe so vividly . His retirement into private life took place in 1811 , soon after which he married Miss de Lancey ( whose brother is known to many as one of the New York bishops ) , and settled at Cooper 's Town , his patrimonial estate . Ten years elapsed before his d é but as an author . In 1821 he presented the public with a novel bearing the perhaps apposite title of Precaution — apposite , if the two lustra thus elapsed were passed in preparation for that d é but , and as being after all anonymously published . The subject was one with which Cooper never shewed himself conversant — namely , the household life of England . Like his latest works , Precaution was a failure , and gave scanty indications of that genius which was to find its true sphere and full scope in the trackless prairies of his native land , and its path upon the mountain-wave he had ridden in buoyant youth . But the same year produced The Spy , still considered by many to be his masterpiece , and from that production his fame was secure ; and not only America but British voices , exhorted Sir Walter to look to his laurels . Certainly there was a little more reason in calling Cooper the American Scott than in pronouncing Klopstock the German Milton . The successful novelist visited Europe a few years after this ‘ sign and seal ’ of his literary renown , and spent a considerable period among the principalities and powers of Old-World Christendom . In Paris and London especially he was lionised to the top of his bent . Sir Walter met him in the French metropolis in 1826 ; and in his diary of November 3 , after recording a morning visit to ‘ Cooper the American novelist , ’ adds : ‘ this man , who has shewn so much genius , has a good deal of the manners or want of manners peculiar to his countrymen . ’ Three days later we find the following entry : ‘ Cooper came to breakfast , but we were obs é des partout . Such a number of Frenchmen bounced in successively , and exploded — I mean discharged — their compliments , that I could hardly find an opportunity to speak a word or entertain Mr Cooper at all . '[ Footnote : Lockhart 's Life of Scott .] The ‘ illustrious stranger ’ appears to have spent about ten years in Europe , for which he was , perhaps , in a literary point of view , none the better ; as — to use the words of a periodical of the day — ‘ he did not carry back the same fresh spirit that he brought , something of which must be attributed , no doubt , to the years which intervened ; but something , too , to his abandonment of that mother-ground which to him , as to the fabled Antaeus , was the source of strength . ’ The autumn of his life glided quietly on amid the pleasures and pains of literature ; its sombre close being pleasantly illuminated by the rays of spring-promise that radiated around the young brow of his daughter , which the dying veteran might well hope would be matured into ‘ glorious summer by the sun of ’ time . Valeat signum ! In calling Cooper the greatest of American novelists , we have not incurred much risk of contradiction . Others may rival — some surpass him — in this or that province of the art of fiction ; but as a master of the art in its broad aspect , he is facile princeps . Brockden Brown treads a circle of mysterious power but mean circumference : Washington Irving is admirable at a sketch , one of the liveliest and most graceful of essayists , and quite equal to the higher demands of imaginative prose — witness his Rip Van Winkle and Sleepy Hollow — but his forte is in miniature , and the orthodox dimensions of three volumes post-octavo would suit him almost as ill as would the Athenian vesture of Nick Bottom the spruce proportions of royal Oberon : Haliburton is inimitable in his own line of things ; his measure of wit and humour — qualities unknown , or nearly so , to Cooper — is ‘ pressed down , and shaken together , and running over ; ’ but his ‘ mission ’ and Cooper 's in the tale-telling art are wide as the poles asunder : John Neale had once , particularly by his own appraisement , a high repute as the eccentric author of Logan and Seventy-six , but the repute , like the Seventy-six , is quite in the preterite tense now ; and to review him and his works at this time of day would be suspiciously like a post-mortem examination , resulting possibly in a verdict of temporary insanity — if not , indeed , of felo de se — so wilful and wrongheaded were the vagaries of this ‘ rough , egotistical Yankee , ’ as he has been called : Herman Melville is replete with graphic power , and riots in the exuberance of a fresh , racy style ; but whether he can sustain the ‘ burden and heat ’ of a well-equipped and full-grown novel as deftly as the fragmentary autobiographies he loves to indite ; remains to be seen : Longfellow 's celebrity in fiction is limited to Hyperion and Kavanagh — clever , but slight foundations for enduring popularity — as irregular ( the former at least ) as Jean Paul 's nondescript stories , without the great German 's tumultuous genius : Hawthorne is probably the most noteworthy of the rising authors of America , and indeed manifests a degree of psychological knowledge and far-sighted , deep-searching observation of which there are few traces or none in Cooper ; but the real prowess of the author of The Scarlet Letter is , we apprehend , still undeveloped , and the harvest of his honours a thing of the future . All these distinguished persons — not to dwell on the kindred names of Bird , Kennedy , Ware , Paulding , Myers , Willis , Poe , Sedgwick , & c .— must yield the palm to him who has attracted all the peoples and tongues of Europe [ Footnote : And , in one instance at least , of Asia also ; for The Spy was translated into Persian !] to follow out the destiny of a Spy on the neutral ground , of a Pilot on the perilous coasts of a hostile race , of a Last of the Mohicans disappearing before the onward tramp of the white man . As Rob Roy felt the pulses of life quickened when his foot was on his native heath , so Cooper wrote with vigour and aplomb only when his themes were the aboriginal forest and the melancholy main . Pity that , having discovered the fount of his strength — the Samson-lock by which alone he towered above his fellows — he had not restrained himself , and concentrated his efforts within the appointed sphere . He repudiated the oracular counsel which his own consciousness must have approved — Hoc signo vinces ; and seemed to assume that whatever province he invaded , the bulletin of the campaign would be another Veni , vidi , vici . Few things can be more unsatisfactory and insipid than his attempts in the ‘ silver-fork school ’ of novel-writing — his dreary commonplaces of fashionable life — his faded sermonisings on domestic , and political , and social economy . Few things can be more inspiriting , more energetic , more impressive , than his pictures of ‘ A wet sheet and a flowing sea , A wind that follows fast , And fills the white and rustling sail , And bends the gallant mast ; ’ for we see in every stroke that the world of waters is his home , and that to his ear there is music in the wild piping of the wind , and that his eye beams afresh when it descries tempest in the horned moon , and lightning in the cloud . To him the ocean is indeed ‘ a glorious mirror , ’ where the form of the Highest ‘ glasses itself in tempests ; ’ dear to him it is ——— ‘ in all time , Calm or convulsed — in breeze , or gale , or storm ; .... Boundless , endless , and sublime — The image of Eternity — the throne Of the Invisible . ’ Well might one who had lived six years on her swelling bosom , combine with his love ‘ of the old sea some reverential fear , ’ as Wordsworth has it . This compound feeling is highly effective in his marine fictions , so instinct is it with the reality of personal experience . Mr Griswold tells us that Cooper informed him as follows of the origin of The Pilot : ‘ Talking with the late Charles Wilkes of New York , a man of taste and judgment , our author [ Cooper ] heard extolled the universal knowledge of Scott , and the sea-portions of The Pirate cited as a proof . He laughed at the idea , as most seamen would , and the discussion ended by his promising to write a sea-story which could be read by landsmen , while seamen should feel its truth . The Pilot was the result of that conversation . '[ Footnote : ‘ The Prose-Writers of America . ’ ] Of this tale Scott says , in a letter to Miss Edgeworth : ‘ I have seen a new work , The Pilot , by the author of The Spy and The Pioneers . The hero is the celebrated Paul Jones , whom I well remember advancing above the island of Inchkeith , with three small vessels , to lay Leith under contribution .... The novel is a very clever one , and the sea-scenes and characters in particular are admirably drawn ; and I advise you to read it as soon as possible . ’ Still higher panegyric would not have been misbestowed in this instance , which illustrates Mr Prescott 's remark , that Cooper 's descriptions of inanimate nature , no less than of savage man , are alive with the breath of poetry — ‘ Witness his infinitely various pictures of the ocean ; or , still more , of the beautiful spirit that rides upon its bosom , the gallant ship . ’ Though it is to The Pilot , pre-eminently , and The Waterwitch , in nearly an equal degree , that these remarks apply , there is many a passage in Cooper 's later novels — for example , The Two Admirals , Homeward Bound , Mark 's Reef , Ashore and Afloat , and The Sea-Lions — in which we recognise the same ‘ cunning ’ right hand which pencilled the Ariel , and its crew , the moody , mysterious pilot , and stalwart Long Tom Coffin . Nor was he less at home in the backwoods and prairies of his fatherland , than upon the broad seas which divide it from the Old World . Tastes differ ; and there are those — possibly the majority of his readers — who prefer the Indian associations of The Last of the Mohicans , The Pioneers , & c. to the salt-water scenery of the other class of works . For our part , we prefer his prairies to his savages , his forests to his aborigines , his inanimate to his living sketches of Indian story . His wild men of the woods are often too sentimental , too dreamy , too ideal . In this respect Brockden Brown has the advantage of him ; for , as Mr Prescott has pointed out , Brown shews the rude and uncouth lineaments of the Indian character , though he is chargeable with withholding intimations of a more generous nature . While Cooper discards all the coarser elements of savage life , and idealises the portrait . The first of this series of tales of ‘ Painted chiefs with pointed spears , ’ was The Pioneers — the materials for which , it seems , were to a considerable extent derived from his father , who had an interest in large tracts of land near the ‘ sources of the Susquehanna , ’ where the scene is laid , and allied , therefore , to Campbell 's Gertrude of Wyoming . It was speedily followed by The Last of the Mohicans — not uncommonly pronounced his chef d'oeuvre — and The Prairie ; which , among numerous descriptions of absorbing interest , pervaded throughout by a fine imaginative spirit , contains one of thrilling power — where the squatter discovers and avenges the murder of his son . The Wept of Wish-ton-Wish — a strange story with a strange title , and which forms ( chronologically at least ) the climax of Cooper 's fame — is justly admired by all who appreciate ‘ minute painting , ’ and that pensive monotony which begets a certain ‘ melancholy charm . ’ His skill in martial narrative was favorably attested in Lionel Lincoln ; in which he describes with remarkable spirit and equal accuracy the battles of Lexington and of Bunker 's Hill . But to go through in detail the opera omnia of our prolific author would involve us in difficulties with editor and reader too serious to bear anticipation . Passing over , therefore , such of his earlier writings as are better known — like The Red Rover , The Waterwitch , The Pathfinder , and The Deerslayer — we proceed to notice briefly a select few from the long series produced during the last ten years . The Two Admirals is of unequal interest — the twin heroes , Sir Gervaise Oakes and Bluewater , engrossing whatever charm it possesses , and reacting disastrously on the tedious scenes wherein they bear no part ; but they certainly do walk and talk like sound-hearted sons of Neptune , and there is no resisting the spell of the battle and the breeze which they encounter together , in the Plantagenet and the C æ sar . The Jack o ’ Lantern , or the Privateer , was put forth with an expression of the author 's conviction that his faculty in this class of fictions was inexhaustible ; to which , however , the critics demurred . One of them observed that , following out the fantastical supposition which ascribes especial virtues to certain numbers , or even working out the analogy of the seventh wave , which sea-shore gossips tell us is ampler and stronger than its predecessors , the seventh sea-novel of Mr Cooper 's ought to be the most remarkable of the series for force , brilliancy , and movement . But such symbolism was here found defective : the seventh wave broke abruptly on the shore ; the Jack o ’ Lantern 's existence has been brief and uncertain as that of the ignis fatuus on the marsh . The story introduces Caraccioli and the Neapolitan court , Nelson and Lady Hamilton ; but without striking points . There are some cleverly-drawn characters , however : Clinch , the drunken but winning British tar ; Raoul Yvard , brilliant , handsome , and Parisian all over , philosophism included ; and Ithuel Bolt , a new ( not improved ) edition of Long Tom . The plot is ingenious , though perhaps , constrained and far-fetched ; and its d é nouement makes the reader put down the third volume with increased respect for the novelist 's tact . Wyandotte , or the Hutted Knoll ( 1843 ) , is a quiet yet animated narrative , descriptive of a family of British settlers and their fortunes in their wild Susquehanna home . There is a pleasure , the author observes , in diving into a virgin forest , and commencing the labours of civilisation , that has no exact parallel in any other human occupation ; and some refracted share of this pleasure is secured by every intelligent reader while engaged in perusing records so faithful and characteristic as those embodied in this tale . Ravensnest , with no lack of scenic embellishments , introduces to us three of the author 's happiest characters — always excepting Leatherstocking and Long Tom — namely , the two Littlepages , ‘ Captain Hugh ’ and his ‘ Uncle Ro , ’ and Mistress Opportunity Newcome . The didactic asperities in which he indulged naturally marred the fortune of a book whose readers , whatever they might be , were pretty safely ‘ booked ’ for a scolding . Otherwise , it gleamed with scintillations , neither faint nor few , of the light of other days . But it was evident that Mr Cooper was overwriting himself . He seemed determined not to be outdone in fecundity by the most prolific of his contemporaries — as though it were a safe speculation or a healthy emulation to run against such light horsemen and horsewomen as Mr James and M. Dumas , and Mesdames Gore and Trollope . Hence he might have appropriately echoed the complaint of the slave in Terence : ‘ Parum succedit quod ago , at facio sedul ò. ’ In 1847 , he produced Mark 's Reef , a story of the Crusoe genus , but far behind ; the desert island being created ‘ positively for this occasion only , ’ and being swallowed up in the sea again when it has served Mark Woolston and the novelist 's requirements . It is characterised , however , by much glowing description — especially that relating to the crater , with its noble peak , ‘ ever the same amid the changes of time , and civilisation , and decay ; naked , storm-beaten , and familiar to the eye . ’ The following year he was ready with The Bee-Hunter , wherein he sought to revive his pristine successes among American solitudes and Red Indians . Again we hear the palaver of the stately and sentimental Chippewas ; and again we watch , with sadly-relaxed attention , the dodging extraordinary of Pale Faces and Red Men . Alas ! ‘ Both of them speak of something that is gone :... Whither is fled the visionary gleam ? Where is it now , the glory and the dream ? ’ The Indians have become comparatively seedy and second-hand individuals ; the scenery , with occasional exceptions , looks worn ; the machinery creaks and betrays itself , no longer possessing the ars celare artem . ‘'Tis true , ‘ tis pity ; pity ‘ tis , ‘ tis true . ’ One novelty , nevertheless , this tale can boast , and that is the very able and interesting sketch of the bee-hunter following his vocation in the ‘ oak-openings ; ’ nor is the portrait of Buzzing Ben himself an ordinary daub . In 1849 appeared The Sea-Lions , a clever but often prolix work , which ought to keep up its interest with the public , if only for its elaborate painting of scenes to which the protracted mystery of Sir John Franklin 's expedition has imparted a melancholy charm . The sufferings of sealers and grasping adventurers among ‘ thrilling regions of thick-ribbed ice ’ are recounted with dramatic earnestness . The Ways of the Hour was both ‘ nominally ’ and ‘ really ’ Cooper 's last novel : he announced it as such ; and the announcement was not related to that fallacious category to which belong the ‘ more last nights ’ of popular tragedians , and the farewell prefaces of the accomplished author of Rienzi . It was not the ‘ going , going ! ’ but the ‘ gone ! ’ of the auctioneer . And critics maliciously said : Tant mieux . In The Ways of the Hour there was one vigorous portrait , Mary Monson , and several ‘ moving accidents by flood and field : ’ but with these positive qualities the reader had to accept an unlimited stock of negatives . Besides the works thus referred to , Cooper wrote at short intervals a ‘ serried phalanx ’ of others , from the ranks of which suffice it to name The Heidenmauer , The Bravo , The Manikins ( a weak and injudicious tale , quite unworthy of his honourable reputation ) , The Headsman of Berne , Mercedes of Castille , Satanstoe , Home as Found , Ashore and Afloat . In miscellaneous literature his writings include a History of the Navy of the United States , Lives of Distinguished Naval Officers , Sketches of Switzerland , Gleanings in Europe , and Notions of the Americans . It is by his early tales of wilderness and ocean life that he will survive . There his genius is fresh , vigorous , natural — uncramped by restraints , undeformed by excrescences , uninterrupted by crotchets , such as injured its aftergrowth — the swaddling-clothes of its second childhood . If we have spoken freely — we hope not flippantly — of these feeblenesses , it is because the renown of Cooper is too tenaciously and permanently rooted to be ‘ radically ’ affected thereby , however they may diminish the symmetry and dim the verdure of blossom and branch . His magnificent panoramas of prairie solitude , his billowy expanses of the ‘ many-voiced sea , ’ his artistically-grouped figures of red-skins and trappers , sealers and squatters , are among the things which Anglo-Saxon literature in either hemisphere will not willingly let die . By these he is , and long will be , known and read of all men . And if ever Mr Macaulay 's New Zealander should ponder over the ruins of Broadway , as well as of St Paul 's , he will probably carry in his pocket one of those romances which tell how the Last of the Mohicans came to his end , and which illustrate the closing destinies of tribes which shall then have disappeared before the chill advance of the Pale Face . WHY DOES THE PENDULUM SWING ? The attention of the visitor to the recent Exhibition in Hyde Park was arrested , as he advanced westwards down the central promenade of the building , by a large clock busily at work marking off the seconds of passing time . That piece of mechanism had a remarkably independent and honest look of its own . The inmost recesses of its breast were freely bared to the inspection of every passer-by . As if aware of the importance of the work intrusted to its care , it went on telling , in the midst of the ever-changing and bustling crowd , with a bold and unhesitating click , the simple fact it knew ; and that there might be no mistake , it registered what it told in palpable signs transmitted through the features of its own stolid face . Mr Dent 's great clock was by no means the least distinguished object in the collection of the world 's notabilities . But there was one thing which nearly concerned that industrious and trusty monitor that he surely could not have known , or his quiet countenance would have shewn traces of perturbation . He was doing Exhibition work , but he was not keeping Exhibition time . The wonderful building in which he had taken up his temporary residence was , in fact , of too cosmopolitan a nature to have a time of its own . Its entire length measured off very nearly 1-42 , 000th part of the circle of terrestrial latitude along which it stretched . The meridian of the Liverpool Model was close upon thirty seconds of space farther west than the meridian of the Greek Slave . Imagine the surface of Hyde Park to have been marked off , before Messrs Fox and Henderson 's workmen commenced their labours , by lines running north and south at the equal distance of a second of a degree from each other , just as one sees the surface of large maps traced by meridians , nearly thirty of those lines would then have been covered in by the east and west span of the crystal roof . Mr Dent 's clock might have been set to the precise time of the Greek Slave , and it would yet have been nearly two seconds wrong by the time of the Liverpool Model . The pendulum swinging so steadily within its case had a longer and more stately stride than most of its congeners . It took a second and a half of time to complete its step from side to side . But notwithstanding this , if a string had been suddenly stretched across in space above the east end of the building , and left there in free suspension , independent of all connection with the terrestrial surface , it would have taken longer for the huge structure to be trailed beneath it by the earth 's rotation — swift as that rotation is — than it did for the sober and leisurely mass of metal to finish its beat from side to side . Our immediate business , however , at this present time is not with the geographical relations of Mr Paxton 's building , but rather with that sober and leisurely-moving mass — the pendulum . Even in the seventeenth century , old Graunt was shocked when some irreverent babbler spoke of one of its honourable race by the rude epithet of ‘ a swing-swang ; ’ and he penned an indignant protest on the subject to the Royal Society . Since that time the pendulum has done much more to merit the reverence of the world . Plain and simple as its outward bearing is , it really holds a high and dignified position in the annals of science . Instead , however , of touching upon its pedigree and achievements , we proceed at once to speak of certain interesting peculiarities that enter as an element into all considerations in which it has concern . In the first place , what is that characteristic motion which it so constantly assumes — that restless swinging from side to side ? Is it a property inherent in its own nature , or is it a power communicated to it from without ? There is a train of wheelwork enclosed with it in the case . Is that the source of its vibratile mobility ? Assuredly not . For if we arrest its motion with our hand at the instant that its form hangs perpendicularly suspended , that motion is not renewed although the wheels remain in unaltered relation . Those mechanical contrivances clearly do not comprise the secret of its swinging . We must look elsewhere if we would ascertain the fundamental cause . Has the reader ever looked at the plain white building , with successive rows of little windows , which so often spans the breadth of our smaller streams ? If he has , the thought has at once arisen that within those walls huge wheels and heavy-revolving stones remorselessly tear and crush to powder heaps upon heaps of yellow grain , with a power that is equal to the combined effort of a whole troop of horses concentred in the task . But we question very much whether he has as clearly seen whence those clattering wheels derive their many horse-power ! If we were to ask him to tell us how they acquired their rolling strength , he would most probably answer — from the current of the stream . This reply would amount to nothing in the matter of explanation ; the force of the current is as much a borrowed attribute as the force of the wheelwork . The running water is no more an independent and living agent than is the machinery which it turns . Beyond both is the one grand determining influence — the attractive energy inherent in the substance of the vast earth . This it is which makes the water run ; this it is which enables the running water to move the wheelwork inserted into its channel . As the magnet draws to itself the fragment of steel , the earth draws to itself all ponderable matter ; and whenever ponderable matter is free to move , it rushes as far as it can go towards the centre of the earth 's substance , in obedience to the summons . Mobile water runs down from a higher to a lower level because the latter is nearer to the earth 's centre than the former , and as it falls it pushes before it such minor obstructions as are unable to resist the influence of its weight . The float-boards of the mill-wheel are of this nature ; they are striving to uphold the water by means of the rubbing and friction of the apparatus that is mechanically connected with the axle . But the resistance of the friction is less than the strength with which the earth tugs at the water , and therefore the wheel goes round and the water rushes down . The force which really grinds the hard corn into flour it terrestrial attraction ! Gravitation of material substance towards material substance , acting with an energy proportioned to the relative masses and to the relative distances of the elements concerned . Let us now suppose that the matter drawn towards the earth is not free to move . Let us fancy , for instance , a drop of the running water all at once stopped in its downward path by the attachment of a string from above . The earth would then tug at that string in its effort to get the drop of water , and would consequently stretch it to a certain extent . The power that was before expended in causing the drop to move , would be now employed in striving to tear asunder the substance of the string . A heavy body hanging by a cord from a fixed point is then in this predicament . It is drawn towards the earth , but is prevented from moving to it . It consequently finds a position of rest in which it is placed as near to the source of attraction as the suspending string allows ; that is , it hangs perpendicularly and immovably beneath it , stretching the string by its tendency toward the ground . If , however , the suspended body be raised up from its position of forced repose by any interference that draws it to one side , the string being still kept on the stretch , it will be observed that it has been made to move in a curved line away from the earth 's attracting mass , and that the pull of the attraction is then to a certain extent taken off from the string and transferred to the supporting hand ; the force of the attraction consequently becomes then sensible as the weight of the body that is upheld . If in this state of affairs the supporting hand is taken away , the body at once rushes down sideways to the position it before occupied , with a pace accelerating considerably as it goes ; for the earth continues to attract it during each instant of its descent . When it has reached the second stage of its journey , it is moving with a velocity that is caused by the addition of the attraction exercised in that stage to the attraction that had been exercised in the first stage ; and so of the third , fourth , and other successive stages . It must go quicker and quicker until it comes to the place which was before its position of absolute repose . But when it has at last arrived at this place , it cannot rest there , for during its increasingly-rapid journey downwards , it has been perseveringly acquiring a new force of its own — an onward impulse that proves to be sufficient to carry it forward and upward in spite of the earth 's pressing solicitation to it to stay . Moving bodies can no more stop of their own accord than resting bodies can move of their own accord . Both require that some extraneous force shall be exerted upon them before the condition in which they are can be changed . Now , in the case of the vibrating pendulum , it is the downward pull of the earth 's attraction that first causes the stationary body to move , and as this commencing motion is downwards , in the direction of the pull , it is also an accelerating one . As soon , however , as this motion is changed by the resistance of the string into an upward one , it becomes a retarded one from the same cause . The body is now going upwards , away from the earth , and the earth 's attraction therefore drags upon it and keeps it back instead of hastening it . As it travels up in its curved path , more and more of its weight is taken off the string , and thrown , so to speak , upon the moving impulse . In the descending portion of the vibration the weight of the body increases its movement ; in the ascending portion it diminishes its movement . At last the upward movement becomes so slow , that the impulse of momentum is lost , and the earth 's attraction is again unopposed . The body then begins to retrograde , acquires progressively increasing velocity as it descends , overshoots the place of its original repose , and once more commences the ascent on the opposite side . Whenever , then , a heavy body suspended by a flexible string is drawn to one side , and dropped from the hand , a vibrating pendulum is made , because weight and acquired impulse influence it alternately with a sort of see-saw action , the power of the one diminishing as the power of the other augments . Weight pulls down — confers velocity and impulse during the pulling — and then velocity carries up . As velocity carries up , weight diminishes its impulse , and at last arrests it , and then begins to pull down again . In the middle of the vibration velocity is at its greatest , and weight at its least , as regards their influence on the motion . At the extremes of the vibration velocity is at its least , and weight at its greatest . Now here it is the earth 's attraction clearly that confers the impulse of the downward movement , just as much as it is the earth 's attraction that causes the downward movement of running water . Therefore the power which makes the pendulum swing is the same with the power which grinds the corn in the water-mill — the attraction of the earth 's vast mass for the mass of a smaller body placed near to its surface under certain peculiar conditions of position . But there is a very startling reflection connected with this consideration . How strange it is that the vast ‘ substantial fabric ’ of the earth should , after all , present itself as one grand source of motion in terrestrial things ! Gravitation , weight , the majestic influence that holds the stable pyramid upon its base through centuries of time , condescending to turn the restless wheels of man 's machinery ! When the expansive burst of the vapour confined within the cylinder of the condensing steam-engine thrusts upwards the piston-rod with its mighty beams , it is simple weight — the weight of the superincumbent transparent atmosphere — that crushes the metal back with antagonistic force . When particles of water have been sublimated into the air by the heating power of the solar rays , it is simple weight — the weight of their own aqueous substance — that brings them down again , and that causes their falling currents to turn the countless mill-wheels implanted in the direction of their descent . When isolated tracts of the atmosphere have been rendered rare and light under the concentrated warmth of the sun , it is simple weight — the weight of colder and heavier portions of the air — that makes winds rush into the spots where the deficient downward pressure is , and that causes the sails of innumerable windmills to whirl before the impulse of the breeze . In the steam-engine we see the earth 's gravitation and artificial heat combining to effect sundry useful purposes , requiring enormous expenditure of effort . In windmills and watermills we see the earth 's gravitation and natural or solar heat working together to perform like service . In the pendulum , the earth 's gravitation acting alone as an enumerator of passing moments ; for the momentum conferred by motion is after all but a secondary result , an offspring of the earth 's attraction . In the steady oscillations of this little instrument no less a power is concerned than that grand elementary force of nature , that is able to uphold the orbitual movements of massive worlds . In the one case , the majestic presence is revealed in its Atlantean task of establishing the firm foundations of the universe ; in the other , in its Saturnian occupation of marking the lapse of time . In the planetary movements , material attraction bends onward impulse round into a circling curve ; in the pendulum oscillations , material attraction alternately causes and destroys onward impulse . In the former it acts by a steady sweep ; in the latter by recurring broken starts . The reason of the difference is simply this : the planetary bodies are free to go as the two powers , attraction and impulse , urge them . The weight of the pendulum is prevented from doing so by the restraining power of the string or rod , that holds it bound by a certain invariable interval to a point of suspension placed farther than the weight from the source of attraction . A pendulum , in all its main features , is a terrestrial satellite in bonds — unable to fall to the surface of the earth , and unable to get away and circle round it , yet influenced by a resistless tendency to do both . Its vibrations are its useless struggles to free itself from the constraint of its double chains . THE COUNTRY COUSIN . The village of Westbourne was what Americans would call a stylish place , though situated deep in the heart of Derbyshire . Most of its houses had green palings and flowers in front ; there was a circulating library , a milliner 's shop , and a ladies ’ boarding-school , within its bounds ; and from each extremity of its larger and smaller street — for Westbourne had only two — outlying cottages of various names dotted the surrounding fields . The largest of these , and decidedly the handsomest , belonged , as the door-plate set forth , to Mr Harry Phipps Bunting . It had been called Bunting Cottage , ever since the late possessor — after having made what his neighbours esteemed a fortune , by himself keeping the circulating library , and his spouse the boarding-school — built it by way of consolation for the second year of his widowhood , and retired there from business to hold high gentility in his latter days with his only daughter and heiress , Miss Jenny . At least half of Westbourne believed that in the said arrangements Mr Bunting had his eye on a second and somewhat superior match : in short , those good people averred that the handsome cottage was neither more nor less than a substantial snare for Mrs Phipps , the widow of a captain and second-cousin of a baronet , who , with a small annuity and an only son , lived in the odour of great rank and fashion in a neat brick-house at the other end of the village . But if Mr Bunting had indeed indulged in speculations on the widow 's heart , they were cut short by a sudden summons to take the journey on which his early partner had preceded him ; and Miss Jenny was left the undisputed heiress of all his gains and gatherings , now amounting to a comfortable sum in a London bank , besides the newly-built cottage . None of the village remembered the time when Miss Jenny was young — not but that there were older ladies in the community , and few who wore their years so well — but a matronly staidnees and industry , a solidity of manner and appearance , had grown so early on the lady , that she had no youth , and scarcely any childhood , in the recollection of her neighbours , and she was now on the shady side of thirty . Miss Jenny might have had suitors , had her encouragement been more liberal : where is the maiden of fortune who might not ? But she had no admirers , though there was not a more popular woman in Westbourne . Time out of mind she was known to have a good advice and a helping-hand for all who required either . The help was always kindly given , and the advice generally judicious : indeed , if Miss Jenny had a weakness , it was the love of direction and counsel-giving ; and by that breach the strong citadel of her heart was won . There was no house in Westbourne that gave her abilities half such scope as that of Mrs Captain Phipps — so the lady continued to style herself . Miss Jenny 's father had advised there till he departed ; after which event , the widow and her son confided in his heiress . Master Harry Phipps was not what would be called a successful young man . He was not either wild or remarkably stupid , as the world goes ; his mother knew him to be a dear domestic fellow , who would play the flute or dominos for weeks of evenings in her back-parlour . He had taken one prize at college and sundry at school ; had the reputation of being almost a beau , and , at least in Westbourne society , half a wit ; and was a tall , fair-faced , lathy young man , dressing well , and looking rather genteel , in spite of an overgrown boyishness which hung about him and kept the Master fastened to his name , though he had left twenty-five behind him . Master Harry had made attempts on law , physic , and divinity , without completing the studies requisite for any of those learned professions ; somehow he had always got disgusted when just half-way , and at the time of our tale , had a serious notion of civil engineering . The fates , nevertheless , chalked out another line for Master Harry Phipps . How it first came about the keenest-eared gossips in Westbourne never knew , but the widow 's son was observed to become a frequent visitor at the cottage as the days of Miss Jenny 's mourning for her father expired . In these expeditions he was occasionally supported by Mrs Captain Phipps , who at length told her confidential friends , and they informed the village , that her son was about to marry , and take the name of Bunting . Some said that Miss Jenny insisted on the latter step as a badge of her perpetual sovereignty ; some that it was a provision in her father 's will , the old gentleman having been heard to hope that none but Buntings would ever inhabit the cottage ; but while they disputed that point the wedding came off with a liberal distribution of cards , cake , and gloves , a breakfast , at which Mrs Captain Phipps presided , and an excursion of three weeks to the Lakes ; after which , Mr and Mrs Phipps Bunting , having got a new door-plate , and an additional crest on the spoons , settled down comfortably at home , where our story found them . There they were duly visited and made due returns , even to their uttermost acquaintance . Evening parties wore got up for their benefit , as Westbourne gentility dictated . A few responses were given at the cottage , and people learned to call them the Buntings . When these occurrences and the talk concerning them were fairly over , it was surprising how little things had altered . Mrs Phipps Bunting superintended everything , from the napery in the drawers to the bee-hives in the garden , with so much of her old and independent activity , that people caught themselves occasionally calling her Miss Jenny . As for her lord , he was Master Harry still . Matrimony made no change in him . On Sundays he dressed himself and went to church with Mrs Phipps Bunting . On week-days , he said he studied , paid little visits , took small excursions , and came home to dinner . Even bachelors agreed that he lived under the mildest form of gynecocracy . Mrs Captain Phipps gave him good advices at the one end of the village , Mrs Phipps Bunting kept him all right at the other ; and between them an indescribable amount of nobodyism grew and gathered around him . Mr Phipps Bunting — as the best bred of his neighbours now endeavoured to call him — was doubtless not less contented than most men in the married state . Miss Jenny — that was — made a noble housekeeper , that was natural to her ; she was not given to storms nor temper , nor fault-finding , nor what is called gaiety : they had kind country neighbours ; and Mrs Phipps Bunting sometimes spoke of her mother 's relatives , who were known to be fine people in London . There was no appearance of change when the second of their wedded years commenced ; but one December morning an extraordinary event occurred at the cottage , for Harry received a letter . It came from Charles Lacy , an old college-friend , whose achievements in the fast line had furnished him with many a joke and tale . He had been till lately a briefless barrister , but had just fallen heir to a neat property in an adjoining county , bequeathed him by a distant relative , his advent to which he intended celebrating with a notable bachelors ’ party , and Harry 's presence was requested , together with that of many a college comrade . ‘ I think I 'll go , ’ said Harry , in a hesitating tone , as the note was read at the breakfast-table . ‘ Of course you will , dear , ’ said Mrs Bunting . ‘ And now that I think of it ; something must be done with that parlour chimney , it smokes so . Just send up the mason on your way to the coach . ’ The vehicle thus mentioned was an old stager which passed through Westbourne daily , carrying passengers to sundry of the unrailwayed towns on its track ; and within two hours from the receipt of the invitation Mr Phipps Bunting , well wrapped up , and better warned against taking cold , with his best things in a carpet bag and his lady 's commands delivered to the mason , took possession of an inside seat on his way to Charles Lacy 's domicile . How the bachelors ’ party proceeded in that locality , and how the failings of the parlour chimney were corrected at the cottage , imaginative readers may suppose ; but on the third day after Harry 's departure there arrived a note , stating that his host had invited him to remain a fortnight that they were to have shooting in the fine frosty weather he thought he might stay . Mrs. Phipps Bunting sent her approbation by return of post . There was a colony of rats to be expatriated , a clearing out of the coal cellar to be achieved , and a bottling of cider to get forward , under which considerations she concluded he was better out of the way ; but all these things were accomplished , and more than the specified time elapsed , when another note came to say that Lacy positively would not let Harry home without seeing his uncle , the great barrister , who lived in the nearest assize town ; and the legal protector of Miss Jenny ‘ thought he might go on that visit . ’ There was a graver and more lengthy reply to that communication ; but the fates forbade that Harry should read Mrs Bunting 's in time . Charles Lacy 's housekeeper had a standing-order to put all letters into a huge card-bracket , which that young gentleman affirmed had been presented to him by an heiress of L. 20 , 000 in her own right ; and Mrs Bunting 's epistle was placed in the receptacle — for before its arrival Harry had , like an undutiful husband , started with Charles for the house of his uncle . The old barrister , though not one of the brightest , was among the successful of his profession , and kept a hospitable , easy-going house , with a maiden sister and two dashing nephews , in a comfortable English country town , at one end of which was a railway station for the coming and going of London trains . Our Harry had been always an agreeable , commodious fellow . There were no angles on his temper to come in contact with those of other people : rich uncle , maiden aunt , and sporting nephews , all joined in requesting his stay from week to week ; while three successive notes were in turn committed to the card-bracket on Charles Lacy 's mantelpiece . ‘ Harry , my boy , ’ said that gay gentleman , as they stood looking at a passing train , ‘ what do you say to a run for London ? I have another uncle there — a first-rate solicitor in the firm of Grindley , Blackmore , & Co . Ours is a legal family . Grindley and the old hen would be glad to see us ; and I 'll introduce you to the Blackmores , a delightful mother and four daughters ; all charming girls with three thousand a piece . I wish you could only hear Clementina Blackmore sing Will you still be true to me ? Harry , if ever I am so left to myself as to think of marrying , that 's the girl ! ’ Let us now suppose that a quantity of additional pressing took place — that the nephews offered to go along as Christmas was coming — that Harry sent home another note to say ‘ he thought he might go ’ — and that long before it reached the cottage , he was installed at the house of Mr Grindley in London , who , as his nephew promised , divided a capital legal business with his partner Mr Blackmore . The proverb which says , ‘ Out of sight out of mind , ’ was by this time in course of being fulfilled as regarded the good woman at the cottage . In the revival of old associations his college-friend partially forgot that Harry was a family man , and the easy gentleman himself never thought of intruding the circumstance on people 's notice . To do him justice , he had a remarkably single look ; all his acquaintances called him Harry Phipps . It was therefore no marvel that the unsuspecting household of Blackmore received him as a bachelor . The papa of it was a hard-witted , busy lawyer ; the mamma an excessively fine lady ; and the four daughters pretty , accomplished , fashionable-looking girls , from twenty-two — their mamma said seventeen — upwards , who judiciously came out in different lines ; for Miss Blackmore was metaphysical , Miss Caroline sentimental , Miss Maria fast , and Miss Clementina musical . Between the last mentioned and Charles Lacy a strong and not discouraged flirtation was in progress , which afforded Harry better than ordinary opportunities for cultivating that domestic circle . It was not every day he would have such a house to call at , and Harry did his best to be popular . He hunted up high-life gossip for Mrs Blackmore ; he admired the solicitor 's law-stories after dinner ; he was the humble servant of all the young ladies in turn , but his chief devoirs were paid to the fast Maria . The reason was that the fast Maria would have it so . She thought him , it is true — as she said once to a confidential friend — a sort of goosey-goosey-gander , but he polked capitally , was a personable fellow — and Maria was a spinster . Christmas was coming , and Harry stood high in favour with all the Blackmores . The senior miss found out that he had a philosophic mind ; Miss Caroline said she knew there was a little romance about him — he had been disappointed in first-love or something ; and Charles Lacy had an intuitive suspicion that the old people would soon begin to inquire regarding his income and prospects . The idea was excessively amusing , but yet somewhat alarming . He thought Harry was carrying it on too far — he was . Had n't he better give Clementina a hint ? But then Clementina would think he ought to have done so long ago . Charles was puzzled , and he did not like to be puzzled . He would have nothing more to do with it . He would wash his hands of it . How was he obliged to know that they were not aware of Harry 's being tied up ? The whole thing was really uncomfortable , and he did not like anything that was uncomfortable . He would take Harry to task for his enormity , and then think no more about it . Meditating thus , he entered Mrs Blackmore 's drawing-room one forenoon early enough to find mamma and the young ladies hard at Berlin wool — they were finishing Christmas presents — all but Maria , for whose amusement Harry was turning over a volume of sporting prints at a little table by themselves . ‘ We are all industrious to-day , ’ said Mrs Blackmore , ‘ on account of our country cousin — a dear odd creature . She has sent us hampers and baskets full of everything nice , for I do n't know how long . The girls can scarcely remember when she was here last , and it would be such a comfort to her to have some of their work . Do , Maria , try and finish that purse . ’ Charles and Harry had heard of that ‘ dear odd country cousin ’ ever since they first entered the house . The turkeys and chickens she sent had been described in their hearing till they thought they had eaten them . From the conversation of her relatives Harry concluded her to be a spinster or widow of an uninteresting age . However , the threatened arrival created a new employment for him in the shape of holding purse-silk for Miss Maria to wind ; and owing perhaps to the quietness of this employment — perhaps to its occupying so long a time — the awkwardness of his position began to stare him in the face . He began to think he was a bad fellow — although it was all Charles 's fault . He did not know that Miss Maria thought him a goosey-goosey-gander , but he began at last to hate her all the same — we are so liable to hate those we are conscious of injuring ! He became in truth afraid of her — she haunted him . He knew he ought to do something , but he did not know what to do . He had all his life acted under advice , and he now felt as if he had broken from his moorings , and was on the wide , wide sea , drifting at the mercy of this calamity . At the moment we have arrived at , things had come to an alarming climax . In reply to his bewildered look Charles had turned away with severity — washing his hands of it — to join Miss Clementina in the corner ; and the rest of the family , who seemed suddenly to find themselves de trop , scattered away to other parts of the room . Now Miss Maria was a fast girl , and Harry knew it . She looked wicked , as if determined upon a coup d'etat ; and he began to perspire all over . The skein fared badly . At this moment some slight diversion was made in his favour by a servant appearing with a message regarding somebody in the back-parlour ; whereupon Mrs Blackmore went hastily down stairs ; and Harry 's eyes followed her wistfully : he thought he should like to get out . ‘ Oh , girls , ’ said Caroline , returning in a few minutes , ‘ it is poor cozy , and mamma is bringing her up for us all to comfort her . She has lost I do n't know how much money by the failure of that horrid Skinner 's bank ; and what 's worse , she can n't find her husband . ’ ‘ He ought to be sent home wherever he is , ’ replied Maria ; ‘ I 'm sure she was just too good to him . Oh , Mr Harry Phipps , what a sad set you men are ! I declare you are ravelling again . ’ Harry , colouring to the roots of the hair , bent forward to plead some unintelligible excuse ; the fast Maria took hold of his finger as if she was cross ; and at that instant another finger was pressed upon his shoulder , and looking up , he gazed into the eyes of his wife ! For some seconds Harry and his spouse looked at each other as if unable to believe their eyes ; but the lady 's good sense at last prevailed , and gulping down something which would have come out with most women , she gently shook her husband 's hand , now liberated from the purse-silk , with ‘ Harry , love , I am so glad to find you here . I was really afraid that worse had happened than the failure of Skinner & Co . ’ Harry replied in rather an indistinct tone , though Charles Lacy ever after vowed he did wonderfully , considering the looks of Mrs Blackmore and her daughters . As for Maria she retired from silk and all , without a word about deceivers , which was also remarkable . Sense in the person of Mrs Bunting for once appeared contagious . The Blackmores , one and all , tacitly agreed that there had been no mistake whatever in the family , beyond the droll particular of their not recognising in a gentleman introduced to them as Mr Harry Phipps the husband of a lady whom they had been accustomed to address as Mrs Bunting . By the failure of Skinner & Co. poor Mrs Bunting had lost everything but the cottage and furniture at Westbourne ; a fact which she learned only on her arrival in London to pay a long-projected visit to her mother 's relatives , the Blackmores . The Buntings in due time went home . We have reason to believe that there was never even a curtain-lecture delivered on the subject of the purse-silk . When we last visited Westbourne , Mrs Phipps Bunting was as active , as good-natured , and as popular as ever ; but people had forgotten to say Master Harry , for Henry Phipps Bunting , Esquire , had been appointed Her Majesty 's stamp-distributer for the district . He was also invested with a couple of agencies for certain absent proprietors ; but he never again ‘ thought he might go ’ on sporting-excursions ; and no family could have imagined him to be a bachelor , for ever since he set fairly to work , a more married-like man we never saw . THE DROLLERIES OF FALSE POLITICAL ECONOMY . WINES AND OTHER LIQUORS . The portion devoted to the subject of intoxicating liquors would make a curious chapter in the history of legislation in almost every European country . Here there is a double cause of disturbance , since besides notions about the balance of trade and the like , many well-meaning , though not always judicious , attempts have been made to render such legislation conducive to sobriety and morality . Thus among the Irish statutes one stumbles on an act of Queen Elizabeth 's reign ‘ Against making of Aqua Vit æ. ’ It is justly described as ‘ a drink nothing profitable to be daily drunken and used , ’ ‘ and thereby much corn , grain , and other things are consumed , spent , and wasted to the great hinderance , loss , and damages of the poor inhabitants of this realm ’ — for which reason are passed provisions , not to modify but entirely to suppress it — with what effect we may easily know . But our object at present is not with legislation for the suppression of drunkenness , which always deserves favourable consideration , but with the commercial regulations affecting liquors , and the strange notions of political economy involved in them . The subject is so ample that we are obliged to restrict our illustrations almost entirely to one small country — Scotland . It will rather surprise the reader perhaps to find that , for the promotion of their economic ends , the laws seem to have been directed more to the encouragement than the suppression of drinking . The earliest interference with commerce in liquors appearing among the Scottish acts of parliament is very imperious and comprehensive , but not very explicable in its objects . Statutes at that time were short , and it will cost the reader little trouble to peruse that which was passed in the year 1436 , and the reign of James I ., ‘ anent Flemish wines . ’ ‘ It is statute and ordained that no man buy at Flemings of the Dane in Scotland , any kind of wine , under the pain of escheat ( or forfeiture ) thereof . ’ Doubtless parliament believed that it had reasons for this enactment , but it would not be easy to find out at the present day what they were . In 1503 a more minute act was passed referrible to ale and other provisions . It appoints magistrates of towns ‘ that they set and ordain a certain price , goodness , and fineness , upon bread , ale , and all other necessary things that is wrought and daily bought and used by the king 's lieges . And that they make certain purviews and examinations to wait daily upon the keeping thereof . And when any workman be 's noted taking an exorbitant price for his stuff , above the price , and over far disproportionate of the stuff he buys , that he be punished by the said barons , provosts , and bailies , & c . ’ A little later , in 1540 , an act was passed ‘ touching the exorbitant prices of wine , salt , and timmer . ’ The provisions that follow are somewhat curious , and rank among the most barefaced instances of a class legislating , not only for its own interest , but its own enjoyment . In the first place , the provosts and bailies — supposed to be always excellent judges of good cheer — are to fix a low and reasonable price at which the wines and other commodities are obtainable . When this is fixed , it is appointed that ‘ na man is to buy till the king 's grace be first served . And His Grace and officers being content for so meikle ( much ) as will please them to take to our sovereign 's use entirely , that noblemen of the realm , such as prelates , barons , and other gentlemen of the same , be served at the same prices ; and thereafter all and sundry our sovereign lord 's lieges be served at the same prices . ’ Evidently it was cunningly foreseen that but little wine would be imported at a compulsory and necessarily an unremunerating price . Of such as did come , and was thus sold cheap , the ‘ prelates , barons , and other gentlemen ’ who sat in parliament , sagaciously provided that they should have the preemption ; and it is pretty clear that the ‘ all and sundry ’ who were to come after them would have little chance of obtaining any of the cheap wine . Fifteen years afterwards , during the regency of Mary of Lorraine , it was found that the act just cited was not sufficiently stringent , and that some sterner provision must be made to enable the aristocracy to get cheap wine . An act was passed referring to the previous one , and stating that ‘ nevertheless the noblemen — such as prelates , earls , lords , barons , and other gentlemen — are not served according to the said act , but are constrained to buy the same from merchants at greater prices , contrary to the tenor of the said acts . ’ Hence it is declared that whenever wines have arrived in any town , and the prices have been fixed , the magistrates ‘ shall incontinent pass to the market-cross of that burgh , and there , by open proclamation , declare none of the goods foresaid as they are made , and that none of the goods foresaid be disposed of for the space of four days . ’ Thus were measures taken to let the privileged persons have the benefit of their preemption . That these acts , and the proclamations for enforcing them , were not a dead letter is shewn by the criminal records . On the 8th of March 1550 , Robert Hathwy , John Sym , and James Lourie , burgesses of Edinburgh , confess their guilt in transgressing a regulation against purchasing Bordeaux wines dearer than L. 22 , 10s . ( Scots of course ) per tun , and Rochelle wines dearer than L. 18 per tun . On the 4th of May 1555 , George Hume and thirteen other citizens of Leith were arraigned for retailing wines above the proclaimed price — which for Bordeaux and Anjou wine was 10d . per pint ; and for Rochelle , Sherry , and something called Cunezeoch — which may for all we know to the contrary mean Cognac — 8d . per pint . In Ireland the privilege of having their wine cheaper than other people was given to the aristocracy with almost more flagrant audacity . By the Irish statute of the 28th Elizabeth , chap . 4 , imposing customs-duties on wines , the lord-lieutenant is not only authorised to take for his own consumption twenty tuns , duty free , annually , but he is at the same time declared to have ‘ full power to grant , limit , and appoint , unto every peer of this realm , and to every of the Privy-Council in the same , and the queen 's learned counsel for the time being , at his or their discretion from time to time , such portion and quantity of wines , to be free and discharged of and from the said customs and subsidy , as he shall think to be mete and competent for every of them , after their degrees and callings to have . ’ To return to Scotland . In the ensuing century we find the legislature resorting to the homely liquor of the working-classes . On the 23d December 1669 , an act was passed which begins in the following considerate and paternal fashion :— ‘ Our sovereign lord , considering that it is most agreeable to reason and equity , and of universal concernment to all his majesty 's subjects , and especially to those of the meaner sort , that a due proportion be observed betwixt the price of the boll of beer and the pint and other measures of ale and drinking-beer rented and sold within this kingdom , that thereby the liberty taken by brewers and vintners , to exact exorbitant prices for ale and drinking-beer at their pleasure , may be restrained . Therefore his majesty , with advice and consent of his estates of parliament , doth recommend to and authorise the lords of his majesty 's Privy-Council from time to time , after consideration had of the ordinary rates of rough beer and barley for the time , to regulate and set down the prices of ale and drinking-beer rented and sold in the several shires and burghs of the kingdom , as they shall think just and reasonable . ’ The council were authorised to make their regulations by acts and orders , ‘ and to inflict such censures , pains , and penalties upon the contraveners of these acts and orders as they shall think fit ; and to do all other things requisite for the execution of the same . ’ When the Scottish Privy-Council ceased to exist by the union with England , there was some difficulty in knowing how this act should be applied . The Court of Session , looking upon the supply of ale as vital to the country , took on itself to protect the public , just as a passenger sometimes undertakes the management of a vessel which has lost its proper commander . On the occasion of the malt-duty being extended to Scotland in 1725 , they thought a juncture had come when it was absolutely necessary to interfere , as there was no saying how far the brewers , let loose from the old regulations of the Privy-Council , might abuse the public by charging an extravagant price or selling a bad article . The Court of Session is the supreme civil tribunal in Scotland . Its rules of court for the regulation of judicial proceedings are called ‘ acts of sederunt . ’ On this occasion it passed ‘ an act for preventing the sale of bad ale . ’ The object was an excellent one , but we are apt at the present day to consider that brewers under the influence of competition can best save the public from bad ale , and that judges are better employed when they direct their attention to the protection of the public from bad law . They enacted that the brewers should sell by wholesale at a merk Scots per gallon , and that dealers should sell by retail at 2d . per pint . They professed to make this regulation from ‘ taking into consideration the frequent abuses in vending and retailing bad twopenny ale ; and that from the present duties and burdens wherewith the brewers of ale in and about the city of Edinburgh are charged , occasion may be taken by ill-designing persons to impose on the lieges and undersell fair dealers , unless the prices for brewers and retailers be certain and fixed . ’ The brewers threatened to give up their business , and the court found it necessary to take farther measures . Another act of sederunt was passed . It is best , we think , where their contents are so curious , to quote the documents themselves , however stiff or formal they may seem , and the commencement of the act follows : ‘ Whereas , in the information and memorial this day offered by his majesty 's advocate to the Lords of Council and Session , it is represented that the brewers within the city of Edinburgh and liberties thereof , and others who have the privilege of furnishing the said city with ale , have entered into a resolution and confederacy that they will at once give over brewing when the duties on malt granted to his majesty by act of parliament are attempted to be recovered ; that this resolution and confederacy must bring much distress on the good people of the said city through want of ale , and likewise by want of bread , the preparing whereof depends upon yeast or barm , and must produce tumults and confusions , to the overthrow of all good government , and to the great loss and hurt of the most innocent of his majesty 's subjects , and is most dangerous and highly criminal . ’ Thus , it being clearly shewn that the refusal of brewers to brew ale at the price fixed by the judges of the Court of Session must produce something like a French revolution , and be followed by general anarchy , the court next proceeds to declare — not in the best of composition — ‘ that it is illegal and inconsistent with the public welfare for common brewers , or others whose employment is to provide necessary sustenance for the people , all at once to quit and forbear the exercise of their occupation , when they are in the sole possession of the materials , houses , and instruments for to carry on the trade , so that the people may be deprived of , or much straitened in their meat or drink ; and that so to do in defiance and contempt of the laws is highly criminal and severely punishable . And therefore the said Lords of Council and Session , to prevent the mischiefs threatened to the city and limits aforesaid , do hereby require and ordain all and every brewer and brewers within the city of Edinburgh and liberties thereof , and others who have the privilege of furnishing the said city with ale , to continue and carry on their trade of brewing for the service of the lieges . ’ It is astonishing to find that the brewers gave way . Scotland was at that time much under government and aristocratic influence ; and very likely the poor men felt that it would be better to lose a little money than to fight a battle with the Court of Session , especially as the Lord Advocate threatened to indict them for a conspiracy . That they continued permanently to accept of the profits — or rather , perhaps , losses — fixed by the Court of Session no one will believe . They would in due time manage to get the usual profit of capital and exertion from their operations , or else would contrive to give up business . It is one of the consequences of adopting false and artificial notions on political economy , that these drive the most conscientious and virtuous men to the most mischievous and violent extremities . Where things should be left to themselves they believe interference to be right , and so believing , they think it necessary to carry out their views at whatever cost . A remarkable instance of this was shewn by the virtuous and high-minded Duncan Forbes of Culloden . He thought the introduction of foreign commodities ruinous to the country . He considered that whatever was paid for them was so much lost to his fellow-countrymen . On this principle he waged a determined war against a foreign commodity coming into vogue in his latter days , using all his endeavours to suppress its use , and substitute for it a commodity of home-produce . Will the reader , in the days of temperance societies , believe that the commodity which he desired to suppress was tea , and that which he wished to encourage was beer ? Here are his own words in a letter to a statesman of the time : ‘ The cause of the mischief we complain of is evidently the excessive use of tea , which is now become so common that the meanest families even of labouring people , particularly in burghs , make their morning 's meal of it , and thereby wholly disuse the ale which heretofore was their accustomed drink ; and the same drug supplies all the labouring women with their afternoon 's entertainment , even to the exclusion of the twopenny . ’ After so formidable a picture , it is not unnatural to find him thus crying out against the influence of Dutch enterprise , which was then spreading the drink which cheers but not inebriates throughout Europe : ‘ They run their low-priced tea into Scotland , and sold it very cheap — a pound went from half a crown to three or four shillings . The goodwife was fond of it because her betters made use of tea ; a pound of it would last her a month , which made her breakfast very cheap , so she made no account of the sugar which she took up only in ounces . In short , the itch spread ; the refuse of the vilest teas were run into this country from Holland , sold and bought at the prices I have mentioned ; and at present there are very few cobblers in any of the burghs of this country who do not sit down gravely with their wives and families to tea . '[ Footnote : Culloden Papers , 191 .] What a frightful picture ! We may laugh at it , but it really was frightful to one who sincerely believed that the money paid for tea was a dead loss to the country , and who did not know that the tea was paid for by the exportation of home-produce . FAMILY LIFE IN A NEGRO TOWN . There is a large mass of mankind occupying an intermediate position between the savage and the civilised nations of the world . These have no literature of their own , yet they have received some amount of knowledge by tradition or communication with other people . They know little or nothing of science , yet they are skilled in some of the useful arts of life . They have no regular legislation nor codes of civil law , yet they have forms of government and unwritten laws to which they steadfastly adhere , and about which they can plead as eloquently as a Chancery barrister or an advocate in the Courts of Session . While they cultivate the ground , keep cattle , and live upon the lawful products of the soil , they have none of the culinary dainties of life ; whilst they plant the cotton-tree , and weave and dye cloth to make their garments , their clothing is scant , and devoid of all excellence in the manufacture . As far removed from the polite European on the one hand , as from the savage Indian or the rude Hottentot on the other , they may be rightly termed the semi-barbarous portion of mankind . It is a curious question how they came to occupy this middle state of civilisation , which they have retained for so many centuries . We know that the wandering tribes of Asia , and some of the kingdoms of that continent which partake of the characteristics now described , in former ages enjoyed seasons of national splendour and gleams of civilisation , the twilight of which has not yet passed away ; but we know nothing of the history of Central Africa , a large part of which is composed of semi-barbarous nations . We now specially refer to that portion of the African continent which lies between the Great Desert and the Kong Mountains , with a continuation toward Lake Tchad — comprising a tract of country about 300 miles in length and 2000 in breadth . South of this latitude the people are more barbarous and cruel , and the deserts of the west are inhabited by tribes more purely negro and ignorant . Moors , Mandingoes , Foolahs , and Jaloofs , principally dwell in this vast region of West-Central Africa . All these peoples are more or less European in their form and countenance ; the pure negroes occasionally mixed with them being probably imported slaves or their descendants . These nations differ from each other in their languages , and in some of their customs and manners ; but there is a similarity in their mode of living , if we except the Moors , which makes it as unnecessary as it would be tedious to describe each of them separately . We wish to make our readers acquainted with the forms and habits of semi-barbarous life , whatever local name or geographical appearance it may assume . The first and most important feature of observation is the position of the female sex . This regulates the size of the houses and the towns , the nature of agriculture , and the whole social economy . In Africa the women are emphatically the working-class of the community , and hold an intermediate station between wife and slave , occupying the rank and employments of both . A wife is usually bought for so many head of cattle or such a number of slaves , and then becomes the property of her husband . There is no limit to the number of wives . Even the Mohammedan negroes do not conform to the Koran in its restriction to the number of four . One chief boasted that he had eighty wives ; and upon the Englishman answering that his countrymen thought one woman quite enough to manage , the African flourished a whip , with which he said he kept them in order . In some countries one of these wives is recognised as head-wife , and enjoys certain prerogatives appertaining to this place . Being desirous of obtaining an insight into the minutiae of African life , we accepted the invitation of a negro who traded on the Gambia to pay him a visit , and spend a day in his town , especially as there would be a dance in the evening . We left our vessel in the morning , and having rowed for some miles up a tributary stream , landed in an open place . Here we met the horses which Samba had sent for us , as the town lay at a considerable distance . They were fine animals , of a small breed , but very spirited , and apparently only half-trained . Their accoutrements were in some respects novel ; for the saddle was an unwieldy article , with a high pommel in front , and an elevation behind , so that we were fairly wedged in the seat , and had many thumps before we learned to sit correctly in these stocks . We therefore had no wish , as we had little opportunity , of trying the speed of our beasts , the road lying through a vast forest . The men who accompanied us were armed with muskets , and kept a sharp look-out among the bushes , though there was not much fear of being attacked in this place by wild beasts in the day-time , as it was a frequented route and had been often visited by the hunter . By and by we came , to a stream , which was fordable in the dry season . Senegambia abounds with rivers and creeks ; indeed it seems to be one of the best-watered regions of the earth , and has excellent means of communication for trade . These waters are full of fish , which form an important article of food for the people . After crossing the river , we saw the place of our destination on a rising ground surrounded with fields . The town was surrounded with a low mud-wall and stockade to keep off wild beasts , and as a slight protection against roving freebooters . Larger towns , especially those belonging to warrior chiefs , have high mud-walls , sometimes with loopholes and bastions , and are capable of standing a siege where the enemy has neither cannon nor battering-rams . The gate was made of planks shaped with the axe , for the natives have no saws . The appearance of the place from a distance was very singular , for it consisted of 400 or 500 huts , all built in the same manner , with conical roofs thatched with grass . No chimneys , spires , nor windows relieved the monotony of the scene . Upon entering , we threaded our way through narrow passages , between high fences , as through the mazes of a labyrinth , where we might have wandered all day without finding an exit . At last our guides brought us to a wicket-door , through which we passed , and found ourselves in Samba 's enclosure . He welcomed us with great cordiality , and led us towards his dwelling through a group of inquisitive women and children . It was a circular hut , rather larger than the others , and constructed with a little more care . The wall was composed of large lumps of clay in square blocks , laid upon each other while still wet ; these speedily dry and harden in the sun , forming a substantial support , of about four feet high , for the roof . The roof is a conical frame of bamboo-cane thatched with long grass , having long eaves to protect the walls from the deluging rains of Africa . The most substantial of these dwellings are liable to be undermined by wet , if the ground be level , or to be penetrated by rain , if the roof be not kept in good repair ; in which case the sides can no longer support its weight . For this , reason , deserted towns soon become heaps of mud ruins , and finally a mound of clay . The interior of Samba 's dwelling was as simple as the outside . On one side was a platform or hurdle of cane , raised about two feet from the ground upon stakes . This served for a bedstead , and the bedding was composed of a simple skin or mat . Being rich , Samba had other mats for himself and his friends to sit upon , and two or three low stools . His gun , spear , leathern bottle , and other accoutrements , lay in a convenient place : and we observed a couple of boxes , one of which contained clothes , and the other a heterogeneous mass of trifling valuables received from Europeans . Of course such boxes and their contents are not of frequent occurrence in these lowly dwellings . Near this hut was another small one which served for a kitchen : it contained some earthen pots , wooden bowls , and calabashes , with iron pots and neat baskets as articles of distinction . Here was also the large pestle and mortar , the use of which will be presently described . Samba was dressed in the usual garb of a negro gentleman . He wore large cotton drawers , which reached half-way down the leg , and a loose smock with wide sleeves . On his feet were sandals , fastened with leathern straps over his toes , the legs being bare . His head was covered with a white cap encircled with a Paisley shawl — which I had formerly given him — and which was worn in the manner of a turban . Two large greegrees or amulets — being leathern purses , containing some holy words or sacred scraps — depended from his neck by silken cords . This costume was pleasing , and set off his manly form to advantage . One of his wives immediately presented us with a calabash of sour milk , and some cakes of rice of pounded nuts and honey . The Africans have in general only two meals a day ; but some , who can afford it , take lunch about two o'clock . Strict Mohammedans profess not to drink intoxicating liquors ; but looser religionists cannot resist the temptation of rum , of which the pagan negroes drink to excess . Samba brought out a bottle of this liquor , and presented it with evident glee , himself doing justice to its contents . We then proceeded to view the rest of the premises . Samba had six wives , each of whom had a separate hut . Their dwellings resembled that of their lord , but were of smaller size , and the doors were very low , so as to require considerable stooping to enter . These apertures for admitting light , air , and human beings , and for letting out the smoke , always look towards the west , for the easterly wind brings clouds of sand ; and if the tornadoes which blow from the same quarter are allowed an inlet to a hut , they speedily make an outlet for themselves by whirling the roof into the air . The women were dressed in their best style on the occasion of our visit . One cloth , or pang , was fastened round their waist , and hung down to the ankles : another was thrown loosely over the bosom and shoulders . Their hair was plaited with ribbons , and decorated with beads , coral , and pieces of gold . Their legs were bare ; but they had neat sandals on their feet . They were loaded with necklaces , bracelets , armlets , and anklets , composed of coral , amber , and fine glass-beads , interspersed with beads of gold and silver . These are their wealth and their pride . Some had little children , whose only covering was strings of beads round the waist , neck , ankles , and wrists : an elder girl of about ten years had a small cloth about her loins . We saw no furniture in their huts except a few bowls and calabashes , a rude distaff for spinning cotton , and the usual bed-hurdle covered with mats . The ladies were very garrulous and inquisitive , narrowly inspecting our skin and dress , and asking many questions about European females . They wondered how a rich man could do with only one wife , but thought monogamy was a good thing for the women . These mothers never carry their children in their arms , but infants are borne in a pang upon the back . Another hut served for Samba 's store , where he kept his merchandise ; another was occupied by some female slaves , and another by male slaves . These poor creatures wore only a cloth round their loins , hanging as far as the knees ; the females had each a necklace of common beads given by their mistresses . At night they lie down upon a mat or skin , and light a fire in the middle of the hut . This serves both for warmth and to keep away noxious insects . Their furniture consisted of working instruments — hoes , calabashes , rush-baskets , and the redoubtable paloon . The last-mentioned instrument is a large wooden mortar made by the Loubles , a wandering class of Foolahs , one of the most stunted and ugly of African races , and quite different from the pastoral and warrior tribes . These roving gipsies work in wood , and may be called the coopers of Africa . When they find a convenient spot of ground furnished with the proper kind of trees , they immediately proceed to cut them down : the branches are formed into temporary huts , and the trunks are made into canoes , bowls , pestles and mortars , and other wooden utensils . Their chief implements are an axe and a knife , which they use with great dexterity . The freemen are very indolent , and , with the exception of the Foolahs , seldom engage in any useful work . The time not occupied in hunting , fishing , travelling , or public business , is usually spent in indolent smoking , gossipping , or revelling . The male slaves are employed in felling timber , weaving , drawing water , collecting grass for horses , and helping the women in the fields ; but as all this , excepting the first , can be done by females , the slaveholders do not care to keep many male slaves . Women generally attend to field-work . Before the rains set in , they make holes in the ground with a hoe , and , after dropping in seeds , cover in the earth with their feet . In case of rice , the surface of the ground is turned up with a narrow spade . After the rains the grain is ripe , and the tops are cut off . When the natives have not separate store-huts of their own , they keep their corn in large rush-baskets raised upon stakes outside the village ; and these stores are not violated by their fellow-townsmen . The grain is beaten or trodden out of the husks , and then winnowed in the wind . The women pound it into meal or flour with a pestle nearly five feet long , the ordinary mortar containing about two gallons . This is a most laborious process , and occupies many hours of the day or night . After gratifying , if not satisfying , the curiosity of Samba 's wives , we thought it right that a return should be made by their explaining to us their mode of dressing food , especially the celebrated kooskoos . This was cheerfully done , the more so as we presented them with small articles of tinselled finery . The flour is moistened with water , then shaken and stirred in a calabash until it forms into small hard granules like peppercorns , which will keep good for a long time if preserved in a dry place . The poorer class wet this prepared grain with hot water until it swells like rice ; others steam it in an earthen pot with holes , which is placed above another containing flesh and water , so that the flavour of the meat makes the kooskoos savoury . We saw a dish of this kind in preparation for our dinner , along with other stews of a daintier kind , made of rice boiled with milk and dried fish , or with butter and meat , not forgetting vegetables and condiments . Some , of these stews , when well prepared , are not to be despised . After inspecting the kitchen and its contents , our host conducted us to the bentang or palaver house , which answers the purpose of a town-hall and assembly-room . It is a large building , without side-walls , being a roof supported upon strong posts , and having a bank of mud to form a seat or lounging-bench . It is generally erected under the shade of a large tabba-tree , which is the pride of the town . Here all public business is transacted , trials are conducted , strangers are received , and hither the idle resort for the news of the day . As Africans are interminable speakers , they make excellent lawyers , and know how to spin out a case or involve it in a labyrinth of figures of speech . Mungo Park , who frequently heard these special pleaders , says that in the forensic qualifications of procrastination and cavil , and the arts of confounding and perplexing a cause , they are not easily surpassed by the ablest pleaders in Europe . The following may serve as an example of their talent :— An ass had got loose and broken into a field of corn , much of which it destroyed . The proprietor of the corn caught the beast in his field , and immediately cut its throat . The owner of the ass then brought an action to recover damages for the loss of the ass , on which he set a high value . The other acknowledged having killed it , but pleaded as a set-off that the value of the corn destroyed was quite equal to that of the beast which he had killed . The law recognised the validity of both claims — that the ass should be paid for , and so should the corn ; for the proprietor had no right to kill the beast , and it had no right to damage the field . The glorious uncertainty was therefore displayed in ascertaining the relative value of each ; and the learned gentlemen managed so to puzzle the cause , that after a hearing of three days the court broke up without coming to any decision , and the cause was adjourned for a future hearing . Another palaver which lasted four days was on the following occasion :— A slave-merchant had married a woman of Tambacunda , by whom he had two children . He subsequently absented himself for eight years without giving any account of himself to his deserted wife , who , seeing no prospect of his return , at the end of three years married another man , to whom she likewise bore two children . The slatee now returned and claimed his wife ; but the second husband refused to surrender her , insisting that , by the usage of Africa , when a man has been three years absent from his wife without giving notice of his being alive , the woman is at liberty to marry again . This , however , proved a puzzling question , and all the circumstances on both sides had to be investigated . At last it was determined that the differing claims were so nicely balanced that the court could not pronounce on the side of either , but allowed the woman to make her choice of the husbands . She took time to consider ; and it is said that , having ascertained that her first husband , though older than the second , was much richer , she allowed her first love to carry the day . These lawsuits afford much amusement to the freemen of African towns , who have little employment , and to whom time seems to be a matter of no importance . Whether a journey occupies a week , a month , or a year , is of little moment , provided they can obtain victuals and find amusement in the place they visit . African labourers are quite surprised at the bustle and impatience of Englishmen ; and when urged to make haste in finishing a job , will innocently exclaim — ‘ No hurry , master : there be plenty of time : to-morrow , comes after to-day . ’ We went to see the blacksmith and saddler of the town . These are the only professional persons , and they are held in high esteem . The blacksmith is a worker in all kinds of metal , and combines the avocations of goldsmith , silversmith , jeweller , nailer , and gunsmith . In the interior , he also manufactures native iron by smelting the stone in furnaces with charcoal , which process converts it at once into steel : but as this operation is rudely performed , it is attended with a great waste of metal , which is also very hard and difficult to be worked ; so that English iron is used when it can be obtained , and bars of iron form a considerable article of commerce . The blacksmith 's utensils consist of a hammer , anvil , forceps , and a pair of double bellows made of two goat-skins . When we saw him he and his slaves were making stirrups , but the operation was very tedious . The saddler tans and dresses leather , and can make a very beautiful and soft material by repeatedly rubbing and beating the hides . The thick skins are converted into sandals ; those of sheep and goats are dyed and made into sheaths of various kinds , purses for greegrees , covers for quivers and saddles , and a variety of ornaments , which are neatly sewn , as all negro lads can use the needle . These arts , with those of weaving , working in rushes , soap-making , and a rude pottery , constitute the native crafts . The Africans evidently understand the principles of many useful arts , and evince considerable ingenuity in the execution , considering the rudeness of their instruments , their want of capital , and the total absence of hired labour . Suspended on a tree near the entrance of the town we saw the strange dress of bark called Mumbo Jumbo . This is a device used by the men to keep their wives in awe when the husband 's authority is not sufficient to prevent family feuds and maintain proper subordination . It may be called the pillory of Africa , and is thus employed : Mumbo Jumbo announces his approach by loud cries in the woods , and at night enters the town and proceeds to the bentang , where all the inhabitants are obliged to assemble . The ceremony begins with songs and dances , which last till midnight , by which time Mumbo Jumbo has fixed upon his unfortunate victim . She is immediately seized , stripped , tied to a post , and scourged with Mumbo 's rod , amid the shouts and derision of the whole assembly . No wonder that Mumbo Jumbo is held in great awe by the women ! When we had finished our walks about town , the day was far spent , and the setting sun bade us hasten to our lodging ; for here there is no twilight , so that in a few minutes after the orb of day has disappeared night supervenes , and the moon rules the heavens . The few cattle which belonged to the inhabitants were brought into a pen at the town-wall , where they are watched at night by armed men . We found a fire of blazing wood in Samba 's hut , and sat down on mats to gossip and smoke till dinner should be served . The ladies brought in the kooskoos , and other viands already described , in wooden bowls , and laid them on the floor ; they then retired , as they never eat with the men . Each guest is expected to help himself with his fingers , and Samba hoped to play us a little trick in return for one played upon himself . When he visited us on board ship we provided only knives and forks , which all were expected to use . Poor Samba could hardly get a mouthful , and was the laughing-stock of the company , till in mercy a spoon was brought to him . He now ordered the stews to be made thin , and the meat to be cut up in small morsels , hoping to see us very awkward in using our fingers ; when suddenly we produced pocket spoons and knives , which turned the joke against him and his negro friends , for the food was too watery for themselves to manage well with their hands . After our repast we went out to see the dancing . This favourite amusement of the Africans takes place in the open air when the weather is fine ; in wet weather it is held in the bentang , and when it is dark large fires are kindled to give light to the performers . They have two or three musical instruments , the chief of which is a drum . When this is beat , all the young folks become animated , and dance to the sound , clapping their hands , and performing a number of evolutions , some of which are not the most seemly . They keep up this exercise through a great part of the night ; so that we left them in the midst of their sport , and retired to rest . Our preparations for sleep were soon made , by simply lying down upon the mats placed upon the hurdle . The negroes are very susceptible of cold , and complain of it when we are panting with heat ; but the fire in their huts keeps up the desired temperature . They sleep very soundly , and cannot be easily aroused till after sun-rise . In the morning we made a slight repast of gruel , to which a kind of hasty-pudding with shea-butter was added for our peculiar gratification . This butter is made of the fruit of the shea-tree , which is not unlike a Spanish olive , and has a kernel from which the butter is extracted by boiling . It is in great repute , having a richer taste than the butter of milk , and keeping for a long time without salt , which is very expensive in Africa . After breakfast we took leave of our kind host and his family , and returned in the same way we came . The foregoing description of semi-barbarous life may seem to portray it in some attractive colours , so that indolent and licentious persons might ask : Is it not preferable to our sophisticated state of society ? We are not judges of other people 's taste , but we can see in it nothing desirable . Its evils are numerous and very great . It is a dearth or death of the soul , and of all that which truly constitutes man an intelligent being , aiming at mental progress . Again , it is intimately connected with a state of slavery , with the degradation of females , and with polygamy — three great moral evils , the sources of endless rapine , injustice , and misery . Famine also frequently prevails , and is a dreadful scourge , even compelling mothers to sell some of their children that they may save the rest . For in such an uncertain state of society , no one cares to lay up for the future , as his hordes would only incur the greater risk of being pillaged and destroyed . THE COMMERCIAL PORTS OF ENGLAND . A return has just been made , by order of parliament , which shews that Liverpool is now the greatest port in the British Empire in the value of its exports and the extent of its foreign commerce . Being the first port in the British Empire , it is the first port in the world . New York is the only place out of Great Britain which can at all compare with the extent of its commerce . New York is the Liverpool of America , as Liverpool is the New York of Europe . The trade of those two ports is reciprocal . The raw produce of America , shipped in New York , forms the mass of the imports of Liverpool ; the manufactures of England , shipped at Liverpool , form the mass of the imports of New York . The two ports are , together , the gates or doors of entry between the Old World and the New . On examining the return just made , it appears that the value of the exports of Liverpool in the year 1850 amounted to nearly L. 35 , 000 , 000 sterling ( L. 34 , 891 , 847 ) , or considerably more than one-half of the total value of the exports of the three kingdoms for that year . This wonderful export-trade of Liverpool is partly the result of the great mineral riches of Lancashire , Cheshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire , and the West Riding of Yorkshire ; partly of the matchless ingenuity and untiring industry of the population of those counties ; partly of a multitude of canals and railways , spreading from Liverpool to all parts of England and the richest parts of Wales ; partly to Liverpool being the commercial centre of the three kingdoms ; and partly to the fact that very nearly L. 12 , 000 , 000 have been expended in Liverpool , and more than L. 12 , 000 , 000 in the river Mersey , in converting a stormy estuary and an unsafe anchorage into the most perfect port ever formed by the skill of man . On comparing the respective amounts of the tonnage of Liverpool and London , it appears at first impossible to account for the fact that the shipping of Liverpool is rather less than that of London , while its export-trade is much more than twice as great . The explanation of this fact is , that the vessels employed in carrying the million or million and a half of tons of coal used in London , appear in the London return ; while the canal and river flats , to say nothing of the railway trains , employed in carrying the million and a quarter of tons of coal used or employed in Liverpool , do not . State the case fairly , and the maritime superiority of Liverpool will be found to be as decided as is its commercial . We ought also to add , that while the Custom-house returns for 1850 give Liverpool only 3 , 262 , 253 tons of shipping , the payment of rates to the Liverpool Dock Estate in the twelve months ending June 25 , 1851 , gives 3 , 737 , 666 tons , or nearly 500 , 000 tons more . Comparing the rate of increase of the exports of Liverpool with that of other ports , it appears that Liverpool is not only the first port in the kingdom , but that it is becoming more decidedly the first every year . During the last five years the increase of the exports of Liverpool has been from 26 , 000 , 000 to nearly 35 , 000 , 000 , while that of London has been from little less than 11 , 000 , 000 to rather more than 14 , 000 , 000 . The exports of Hull — which is undoubtedly the third port of the kingdom — though still very large , have rather declined , having been L. 10 , 875 , 870 in 1846 , and not more than L. 10 , 366 , 610 in 1850 . The exports of Glasgow , now the fourth port of the empire , shew a fair increase , from L. 3 , 024 , 343 to L. 3 , 768 , 646 . No other port now sends out exports of the value of L. 2 , 000 , 000 a year , though Southampton comes near to L. 2 , 000 , 000 , and Cork passes L. 1 , 000 , 000 .— Liverpool Times . AN UNFORTUNATE MAN . I am fallen into the hands of publicans and sequestrators , and they have taken all from me . What now ? Let me look about me . They have left me sun and moon , fire and water , a loving wife , and many friends to pity me , and some to relieve me ; and I can still discourse ; and , unless I list , they have not taken away my merry countenance and my cheerful spirits , and a good conscience ; they have still left me the providence of God , and all the promises of the gospel , and my religion , and my hope of heaven , and my charity to them too . And still I sleep , and digest , and eat , and drink ; I read and meditate ; I can walk in my neighbour 's pleasant fields , and see the varieties of natural beauty , and delight in all that in which God delights — that is , in virtue and wisdom , in the whole creation , and in God himself .— Jeremy Taylor . SLOW BUT SURE . Some years ago a man was apprehended in Hampshire , charged with a capital offence — sheep-stealing , I believe . After being examined before a justice of the peace , he was committed to the county jail at Winchester for trial at the ensuing assizes . The evidence against the man was too strong to admit of any doubt of his guilt ; he was consequently convicted , and sentence of death — rigidly enforced for this crime at the period alluded to — pronounced . Months and years passed away , but no warrant for his execution arrived . In the interval a marked improvement in the man 's conduct and bearing became apparent . His natural abilities were good , his temper mild , and his general desire to please attracted the attention and engaged the confidence of the governor of the prison , who at length employed him as a domestic servant ; and such was his reliance on his integrity that he even employed him in executing commissions , not only in the city , but to places at a great distance from it . After a considerable lapse of time , however , the awful instrument , which had been inadvertently concealed among other papers , was discovered , and at once forwarded to the high-sheriff , and by the proper authority to the unfortunate delinquent himself . My purpose is brief relation only ; suffice it to say , the unhappy man is stated under these affecting circumstances to have suffered the last penalty of the law .— Notes and Queries . THE SEA-KINGS OF NANTUCKET . Let America add Mexico to Texas , and pile Cuba upon Canada ; let the English overswarm all India , and hang out their blazing banner from the sun ; two-thirds of this terraqueous globe are the Nantucketer 's . For the sea is his — he owns it as emperors own empires , other seamen having but a right to pass through it . Merchant-ships are but extension bridges ; armed ones but floating forts ; even pirates and privateers , though following the sea as highwaymen the road , they but plunder other ships , other fragments of the land like themselves , without seeking to draw their living from the bottomless sea itself . The Nantucketer , he alone resides and riots on the sea ; he alone , in Bible language , goes down to it in ships ; to and fro ploughing it as his own special plantation . There is his home ; there lies his business ; which a Noah 's flood would scarcely interrupt , though it overwhelmed all the millions in China . He lives on the sea as prairie cocks in the prairie ; he hides among the waves ; he climbs them as chamois hunters climb the Alps . For years he knows not the land ; so that when he comes to it at last , it smells like another world , more strangely than the moon would to an earthsman . With the landless gull , that at sunset folds her wings and is rocked to sleep between billows , so at nightfall the Nantucketer , out of sight of land , furls his sails , and lays him to his rest , while under his very pillow rush herds of walruses and whales .— Herman Melville 's The Whale . THE LINN Æ A BOREALIS . ‘ Linn é selected a tiny wild-flower that he discovered , of exquisite beauty and delicious odour , to bear his name — one that refuses to exchange the silent glen and melancholy wood for the more gay parterres of horticulture . ’ — Rambles in Sweden and Gottland , by Sylvanus . ‘ Tis a child of the old green woodlands , Where the song of the free wild bird , And swaying of boughs in the summer breeze , Are the only voices heard . In the richest moss of the lonely dells Are its rosy petals found , With the clear blue skies above it spread , And the lordly trees around . In those still , untrodden solitudes Its lovely days are passed ; And the sunny turf is its fragrant bier When it gently dies at last . But if from its own sweet dwelling-place By a careless hand ‘ tis torn , And to hot and dusty city streets In its drooping beauty borne , Its graceful head is with sorrow bowed , And it quickly pines and fades ; Till the fragile bloom is for ever fled That gladdened the forest glades . It will not dwell ‘ neath a palace dome , With rare exotic flowers , Whose perfumed splendour gaily gleams In radiant festal hours : It loves not the Parian marble vase , On the terrace fair and wide ; Or the bright and sheltered garden bowers Smiling in gorgeous pride . But it mourns for the far-off dingles , For their fresh and joyous air , For the dewy sighs and sunny beams That lingered o'er it there . O lonely and lovely forest-flower ! A holy lot is thine , Amid nature 's deepest solitudes , With radiance meek to shine . Bright blossom of the shady woods ! Live on in your cool retreat , Unharmed by the touch of human hand , Or the tread of careless feet ; With the rich green fern around your home , The birds ’ glad song above , And the solemn stars in the still night-time Looking down with eyes of love ! LUCINDA ELLIOTT . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S . ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N . CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & Co ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .