CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 439 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , MAY 29 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . THEREFORE AND BECAUSE . A distinguished general-officer being appointed to a command in which he would be called on to discharge judicial as well as military duties , expressed to Lord Mansfield his apprehensions , that he would execute his office but ill in the former respect , and that his inexperience and ignorance of technical jurisprudence would prove a serious impediment to his efficient administration of justice . ‘ Make your mind perfectly easy , ’ said the great judge ; ‘ trust to your native good sense in forming your opinions , but beware of attempting to state the grounds of your judgments . The judgment will probably be right — the argument infallibly wrong . ’ This is a common case , especially with practical men , who rarely have either leisure or inclination to recall the workings of their own minds , or observe the intellectual process by which they have been conducted to any conclusion . By what they are prone to consider as a kind of instinct — if by chance they are philosophers , and delight in what old Wilson , the essayist , calls ‘ inkhorn terms , ’ they designate it ‘ intuition ’ — they arrive at a truth , but have no recollection whatever of the road they travelled to reach it , and are able neither to retrace their own steps nor indicate to another the way they came . The poet , in describing and contrasting the intellectual characteristics of the two sexes , attributes to the softer something of this instinct as a distinguishing mental peculiarity , and seems to consider it as somewhat analogous in its constitution to those animal senses by means of which the mind becomes cognisant of external objects , of their existence , their qualities , and their relations . In his view , the reasoning process is vitally and essentially distinct , as it is exercised by men and by women — ‘ Her rapid mind decides while his debates ; She feels a truth which he but calculates . ’ And certainly this is a very pretty , very poetical , and very convenient way of accounting for a phenomenon that , if examined with common care , suggests a solution more accurate and complete , if not exactly so complimentary . In sober truth , a positive incapacity clearly to point out the precise manner in which a conviction has been formed , is one of the commonest of logical deficiencies , and no more to be ascribed exclusively to the softer sex , than it is an attribute of intellectual excellency in either . When , in Euripides 's beautiful play , the untranslatable Hippolylus , Ph æ dra 's nurse is made to conclude that certain men she refers to cannot be otherwise than lax in their morals , because they have finished the roofs of their houses in a very imperfect manner , her reasoning is inconsequential enough ; but not more so than that of the renowned French chancellor , Michael L'H ô pital , who , when employed in negotiating a treaty between Charles IX . and our Elizabeth , insisted on the well-known line of the Latin poet — ‘ Et penitus toto divisos orbe Britannos , ’ as a reason that Calais should not be returned to the English . The connection between the premises and the conclusion was not more real in one case than in the other . A learned member of the medical profession , in an elaborate work on the climate and the people of Malta , enjoins on the invalid a participation in the amusements of cheerful society ; and the propriety of his injunction few will be disposed to dispute : they may well , however , marvel at the reason he assigns for such sensible advice — that , so far as invalids are concerned , society has a direct tendency to promote cutaneous perspiration ! Cardinal de Retz severely reprehends the historians of his time for their pedantic affectation of explaining and accounting for every event they record — the motives that actuated this statesman , the reasons which prompted that policy , the wherefore it was this enterprise miscarried , or that undertaking brought to a successful issue . It would not be difficult to furnish a lengthy catalogue of the blunders historical writers have perpetrated through their overweening addiction to this folly . Let two instances here suffice : When the Roman Church , about the middle of the eleventh century , was endeavouring to insure the celibacy of its priesthood , the married clergy , who braved its censures and contemned its authority , became known as Nicolaites ; which name , grave writers assure us , was given them in consequence of the active share Pope Nicholas II . had taken in punishing their contumacy and effecting their suppression . The notion that any sect or class of religionists should have borrowed its name from that of its most zealous opponent and indefatigable persecutor , is worthy only of those critics , so severely reprehended by Quintilian , who professed to discover the etymon of the Latin word lucus , a grove , in the substantive lux , light ; and vindicated the derivation on the ground , that in groves darkness usually prevailed . The familiar expression of lucus à non lucendo , owes its birth to this striking manifestation of critical sagacity . Again : a certain portion of the eastern and southern coast of England was , in early times , denominated ‘ the Saxon Shore ’ — Littus Saxonicum — and was , during the days of Roman supremacy , under the government of a military court enjoying the appellative of Comes Littoris Saxonici . Acute historical critics inform us , that this tract was so denominated in consequence of its being open to the aggressions of the Saxons ; that , in short , it received its name from its occasional invaders , and not from its permanent inhabitants . The absurdity of this explanation is the greater , inasmuch as , on the other side of the Channel , there was a large district bearing precisely the same name , and settled entirely by adventurers , Saxon in birth or by descent . This , one would have thought , would have suggested to our English antiquaries a more probable explanation of the name than that they adopted . The people of Genoa have , or had , in speaking , a peculiar way of clipping or cutting short their syllables . Their Italian has never been considered pure . You must not go to maritime towns for purity of language , especially to such as have been long and extensively engaged in commercial pursuits . Labat , however , gives a special and peculiar reason for the fashion of mutilated speech in which , he declares , the Genoese indulge , telling us they call their superb city Gena , and not Genoa . He refers their ‘ chopping ’ pronunciation to their habitual economy — an economy distinctly traceable to their mercantile habits . ‘ Telle est leur é conomie , ’ he says , ‘ ils rognent tout jusqu'aux paroles . ’ The old English law-writer , Bracton , desiring to account for the ancient doctrine of English law , that inheritances shall lineally descend , and never lineally ascend , finds a reason in the fact , that a bowl being trundled , runs down a hill and never up a hill ; and Littleton , the first great writer on English real property-law , traces the origin of the phrase ‘ hotchpot ’ — a familiar legal term — to the archaic denomination of a pudding , in our English tongue . ‘ It seemeth ,' he says , ‘ that this word , hotchpot , is in English a pudding ; for in this pudding is not commonly put one thing alone , and therefore it behoveth , in this case , to put the lands given in frank-marriage , ’ & c. Erasmus used to say of lawyers , that of ignorant people , they were the most learned . Questionless they are not always sound logicians . When the clown in Hamlet disserts so learnedly on ‘ crowner 's quest-law , ’ he is only parodying , and that closely , a scarcely less ludicrous judgment which had actually been pronounced , not long before , in the Court of Queen 's Bench . Dr Clarke , the traveller , tells an amusing story to the purpose . According to him , the Turkish lawyers recognise as an offence what they style ‘ homicide by an intermediate cause ’ — an instance of which offence our traveller details in these words : ‘ A young man , desperately in love with a girl of Stanchio — the ancient Cos , the birthplace of Hippocrates and Apelles , the lovely isle renowned for its lettuces and turpentine — eagerly sought to marry her . But his proposals were rejected . In consequence , he destroyed himself by poison . The Turkish police arrested the father of the obdurate fairy , and tried him for culpable homicide . “ If the accused , ” they argued , with becoming gravity , “ had not had a daughter , the deceased would not have fallen in love ; consequently , he would not have been disappointed ; consequently , he would not have died : but he ( the accused ) had a daughter , and the deceased had fallen in love , ” & c. & c. Upon all these counts he was called upon to pay the price of the young man 's life ; and this , being eighty piastres , was accordingly exacted . ’ When the amiable and gentle John Evelyn was in the Netherlands , a woman was pointed out to him who had had twenty-five husbands , and was then a widow ; ‘ yet it could not be proved , ’ he says , that ‘ she had made any of her husbands away , though the suspicion had brought her several times to trouble . ’ However , the Dutch logicians made no difficulty of the matter ; and arguing , from the number of the woman 's husbands , that she could not be wholly innocent of their death , prohibited her from marrying again — which , her addiction to matrimony being considered , was perhaps , of all the ‘ troubles ’ she had undergone , by no means the least . The logical faculty , which not only consists with the poetical , but is invariably and necessarily associated with it , whenever the latter exists in an advanced stage of development , is in no writer more conspicuous as an intellectual characteristic than in Schiller . In this respect he is not excelled even by Wordsworth himself ; but Homer sometimes snoozes , and Schiller 's reasoning is not always consequential : as , for instance , when he denies two compositions of Ovid — the Tristia and Ex Ponto — to be genuine poetry , on the ground that they were the results not of inspiration , but of necessity ; just as if poetry were not a thing to be judged of by itself ; and as if one could not determine whether it were present or absent in a composition , without knowing to what influences the author was subjected at the time the composition was produced ! Rousseau , in one of his moods of bilious cynicism , falls foul of human reason altogether . No man despised it more in action ; no one could more consistently decry it in speculation . In his opinion , the exercise of the reasoning powers is absolutely sinful — l'homme qui raisonne est l'homme qui p é che . Franklin , on the other hand , in a familiar tone of playful banter , vindicates its utility , alleging that it is mightily ‘ convenient to be a rational animal , who knows how to find or invent a plausible pretext for whatever it has an inclination to do . ’ Examples of this convenience abound . The Barbary Jews were rich and industrious , and , accordingly , their wealth provoke the cupidity of the indolent and avaricious Mussulmans . These latter , whenever a long drought had destroyed vegetation , and the strenuous prayers offered up in the mosques had proved unavailing for its removal , were accustomed to argue — and a mighty convenient argument it was — that it was the foul breath of the Jews that had offended Heaven , and rendered the pious petitions of the faithful of none effect . The remedy for the drought , then , who could doubt ? The true believers drove the Jews out of their cities , and quietly confiscated their goods . Dryden , anxious to congratulate Charles II . on his ‘ happy restoration , ’ amidst a thousand fulsome compliments — all tending to shew that that prince was the author of blessings , not only to his own kingdoms , but to universal humanity — declares , that it was to Charles , and to him only , Spain was indebted for her magnificent colonial possessions in either hemisphere . Addressing the sovereign , his words are — ‘ Spain to your gift alone her Indies owes , For what the powerful takes not , he bestows . ’ A convenient fashion of reasoning truly : as convenient every whit as that of Daniel Burgess , a witty Presbyterian minister , devoted to the House of Brunswick and the principles of the Revolution , who was wont to affirm , as the reason the descendants of Jacob were called Israelites , and did not receive the original name of their progenitor , that Heaven was unwilling they should bear a name in every way so odious as that of Jacobites . Once more : it appears from Dr Tschudi 's valuable and interesting work on South America , that in Peru rice is cheap , and servants both lazy and dirty . Now , the servants in Lima have a theory about rice . They consider it possesses certain qualities antagonistic to water , so that , after eating , to touch water would be seriously injurious to health ; and thus does their frequent consumption of rice supply them with a most convenient reason or excuse for their habitual abstinence from an operation they detest — that of washing their hands . Verily , they are mighty fine and convenient words , THEREFORE and BECAUSE . DAVID 'S LAST PICTURE . The whole population of the good city of Brussels was in a state of excitement . Talma , the great French tragedian , was that evening to close his engagement by appearing in his favourite character of Leonidas ; and from an early hour in the morning , the doors of the theatre were beset with waiting crowds , extending to the very end of the large square in which it stood . It was evident that the building , spacious as it was , could not contain one-half of the eager expectants already assembled , and yet every moment brought a fresh accession to the number destined to be disappointed . The hero of this ovation , and the object of all this unusual excitement to the worthy and naturally phlegmatic beer-drinkers of old Brabant , was standing near a window in the White Cross Hotel , engaged most prosaically in shaving himself ; and , from time to time , casting on the crowd , to which he was the magnet of attraction , the careless glance of a monarch become from habit almost insensible to the loyal enthusiasm of his subjects . ‘ So he will not come ? ’ said the tragedian to an old friend who was with him . ‘ He is a cynical old fool ; and yet , I assure you , my dear M. Lesec , that I had Leonidas got up expressly for him , thinking to tickle his old republican fancies , for to my mind it is as stupid a play as Germanicus , though I contrive to produce an effect with some of its high-sounding patriotic passages ; and I thought the worthy David would have recognised his own picture vivified . But he will not come : he positively refused , you tell me . I might have known it . Age , exile , the memory of the past — all this has cut him up terribly : he is the David of the Consulate no longer . ’ ‘ I am just come from him , ’ answered Collector Lesec : ‘ he received me almost as Hermione receives Orestes in the fourth act of Andromache . To say the least of it , he was somewhat tart . “ I never go to the theatre , ” he answered abruptly . “ Tell my friend Talma , that I thank him for his kindness ; but I always go to bed at nine . I should be very glad if he would come , before he left Brussels , and have a tankard and a smoke with me ." ’ ‘ I see , ’ said Talma with a half-ironical smile , ‘ he is turned quite Flemish . Poor fellow ! to what has he come ?— to smoking tobacco , and losing all faith in art . Persecution does more harm than the guillotine , ’ added the tragedian in a tone of bitterness . ‘ There is a living death . David 's exile has deprived us of many a chef-d'oeuvre . I can forgive the Restoration for surrounding itself with nobodies , but it need not banish our men of talent : they are not to be found now-a-days in every corner . But enough . Another word , and we should be talking politics . ’ Leonidas finished shaving like any other man ; and then turned suddenly to his friend : ‘ I bet you ten napoleons , ’ said he , ‘ that David would have come to the play had I gone myself to him with the invitation ! I intended it , but I had not time ; these rehearsals kill me — I might as well be a galley-slave . However , I have about three-quarters of an hour to myself now , and I will go beard the old Roman in his stronghold . What say you to going with me ? ’ It would have been difficult to name a place to which M. Lesec would not have gone , to have the honour of being seen arm-in-arm with the great Talma ; and in another half hour they were on their way across the Place de la Monnaie into the Rue Pierre Plate . ‘ Now for a storm ! ’ said Lesec . ‘ We are in for it : so be prepared . I leave it all on your shoulders , noble sir , for I must keep clear of him . ’ ‘ Is he , then , so entirely changed ? ’ exclaimed Talma , quickening his pace . ‘ Poor exile ! unhappy genius ! torn from thy native soil , to languish and die ! ’ The visitors soon reached the large , though somewhat dilapidated mansion of the celebrated artist ; and after they had been reconnoitred through a small grating by an old female servant , they were ushered into a rather gloomy apartment , presenting a singular discrepancy between its antique decorations and modern furniture . The illustrious exile came out of an adjoining apartment in his dressing-gown , and advanced towards them with a quick yet almost majestic step , though his form was slightly bent , apparently by age . To Talma 's great surprise , David received him most cordially , even throwing away his usually inseparable companion , a long pipe , to grasp both his hands . ‘ Welcome , welcome , my old friend ! ’ he said ; ‘ you could not have come at a better time . I have not for many a day felt so happy , and the sight of you is a great addition . ’ And the old painter kept rubbing his hands , a token with him of exuberant satisfaction . Talma looked at Lesec as much as to say : ‘ The devil is not quite so black as he is painted ; ’ while the worthy collector only shrugged his shoulders , and lifted his eyebrows in pantomimic expression of his inability to comprehend such a sudden change in the atmosphere . ‘ You must promise to come and dine with me to-morrow , ’ continued the painter , accompanying his invitation with a smile , or rather a grin , for David 's face was very much disfigured by a wen on his cheek , which also , by causing a twitching of the jaw , rendered his articulation indistinct . ‘ To my great regret , I am obliged to decline your invitation , my dear friend , ’ said Talma . ‘ This is my last night here , and I must set off for Paris to-morrow . ’ ‘ Set off to-morrow ! ’ ‘ Positively . Michelet and Dumas have the whole management on their shoulders , and are pressing my return ; and Lemercier is only waiting for me to read to us a sort of Richard the Third . ’ ‘ Nevertheless , you dine with me to-morrow . One day longer will not matter to them , and is a great matter to me . I suspect Lemercier 's Richard the Third is cold enough to keep a little longer . I am to have my friend Girodet with me ; so dine with us you must . It will make me grow young again , man , and bring back the happy meetings at Moliker 's , near the gate of the Louvre . ’ The illustrious exile accompanied this sentence with another of his grim smiles . The actor was deeply moved by it , for in that bitter smile he read how the artist pined for his country . ‘ I will stay with you , I will stay with you , dear David ! ’ now eagerly cried Talma . ‘ For your sake , I will desert my post , and steal a holiday from my Paris friends ; but it can only be on condition that you , too , will make a little sacrifice for me , and come this evening to see me in Leonidas . ’ ‘ Well , I do n't care if I do , ’ answered the painter , whom the sight of one friend , and the expectation of seeing another , had made quite a different being from the David of the morning . ‘ Here goes for Leonidas ; but , remember , I give you fair warning — I shall go to sleep . I have scarcely ever been in a theatre that I did not take a sound nap . ’ ‘ But when Talma plays , plaudits will keep you awake , M. David , ’ said the courtly M. Lesec ; and this seasonable compliment obtained for him a smile , and an invitation for the next day , so flattering to his vanity that , even at the risk of compromising himself with the Prince of Orange , he unhesitatingly accepted . That evening , between six and seven o'clock , the old French painter , a Baron of the Empire , entered the theatre in full dress , and with a new red ribbon in his button-hole ; but , as if shrinking from notice , he took his seat at the back of the stage-box , reserved for him by his friend Talma , with M. Lesec by his side , prouder , more elated , more frizzled and befrilled , than if he had been appointed first-commissioner of finance . But notwithstanding all the care of the modest artist to preserve his incognito , it was soon whispered through the theatre that he was one of the audience ; and it was not long before he was pointed out , when instantly the whole house stood up respectfully , and repeated cheers echoed from pit to vaulted roof . The prince himself was among the first to offer this tribute to the illustrious exile , who , confused , agitated , and scarcely able to restrain his tears , bowed to the audience rather awkwardly , as he whispered to M. Lesec : ‘ So , then , I am still remembered . I thought no one at Brussels cared whether I was dead or alive . ’ Soon Talma appeared as Leonidas ; and in his turn engrossed every eye , every thought of that vast assembly . A triple round of applause hailed every speech uttered by the generous Spartan . The painter of the Sabines , of Brutus , of the Horatii , of the Coronation , seemed to heed neither the noisy acclamations nor the deep silence that succeeded each other . Mute , motionless , transfixed , he heard not the plaudits : it was not Talma he saw , not Talma he was listening to . He was at Thermopyl æ by the side of Leonidas himself ; ready to die with him and his three hundred heroes . Never had he been so deeply moved . He had talked of sleep , but he was as much alive , as eager , as animated , as if he were an actual sharer in the heroic devotedness that was the subject of the drama . For some moments after the curtain fell , he seemed equally absorbed ; it was not till he was out of the theatre , and in the street , that he recovered sufficiently to speak ; and then it was only to repeat every five minutes : ‘ What a noble talent it is ! What a power he has had over me ! ’ A night of tranquil sleep , and dreams of bright happy days , closed an evening of such agreeable excitement to the poor exile ; and so cheering was its effect upon him , that he was up the next morning before day , and his old servant , to her surprise , saw her usually gloomy and taciturn master looking almost gay while charging her to have breakfast ready , and to be sure that dinner was in every way befitting the honoured guests he expected . ‘ And are you going out , sir , and so early ? ’ exclaimed the old woman ; now , for the first time , perceiving that her master had his hat on and his cane in his hand . ‘ Yes , Dame Rebecca , ’ answered David , as he gained the outer gate . ‘ I have grown a great boy , and may be trusted to go alone . ’ ‘ But it is scarcely daylight yet . None of the shops are open . ’ ‘ I do not want to make any purchases . ’ ‘ Then , where in the world can you be going , sir , at this hour ? ’ ‘ Sacre bleu ! ’ returned the painter , losing all patience : ‘ could you not guess , you old fool , that I am going as far as the Flanders-gate to meet my old friend Girodet ? ’ ‘ O that , indeed ! But are you sure he will come that way ? And did he tell you the exact time ? ’ ‘ What matter , you old torment ? Suppose I have to wait a few minutes for him , I can walk up and down , and it will be exercise for me , which , you know , Dr Fanchet has desired me to take . Go along in , and do n't let the dinner be spoiled . ’ And the old man went on his way with an almost elastic step . Once more was he young , gay , happy . Was he not soon to see the friend dearer to him than all the world ? But his eagerness had made him anticipate by two hours the usual time for the arrival of the diligence , and he was not made aware of his miscalculation till after he had been a good while pacing up and down the suburb leading to the Flanders-gate . The constant companion alike of his studio and his exile , his pipe , he had left behind him , forgotten in his hurry ; so that he had no resource but to continue his solitary walk , the current of his happy thoughts flowing on , meanwhile , uninterrupted , save by an occasional greeting from labourers going to their work , or the countrywomen hastening , as much as their Flemish embonpoint would allow , to the city markets . When sauntering about alone , especially when waiting , we , like children , make the most of everything that can while away the time , or give even the semblance of being occupied : a flower-pot in a window , a parrot in a cage , nay , even an insect flying past , is an absolute gain to us . David felt it quite a fortunate chance when he suddenly caught sight of a sign-painter carrying on his work in the open air . Though evidently more of a whitewasher than a painter , yet , from the top of his ladder , he was flourishing his brush in a masterly style , and at times pausing and contemplating his work with as much complacency as Gros could have done his wonderful cupola of Sainte-Genevi è ve . The painter of Napoleon passed the self-satisfied dauber twice , not without some admiring glances at the way in which he was plastering the background of his landscape with indigo , by way of making a sky . At top of the sign , now nearly finished , was traced , in large characters , ‘ Break of Day ; ’ a precaution as indispensable to point out the artist 's design , as the inscription , ‘ Dutch and Flemish Beer , ’ was to announce the articles dealt in by the owner of the house upon which this masterpiece was to figure . ‘ Here 's a pretty fellow ! ’ said the artist to himself ; ‘ with as much knowledge of perspective as a carthorse ; and yet , I doubt not , thinking himself a second Rubens . He brushes away as if he were polishing a pair of boots . And what matter ? Why should he not enjoy himself in his own way ? ’ But when he passed the ladder for the third time , and saw a fresh layer of indigo putting over the first , his patience could hold out no longer , and he exclaimed , without stopping or even looking at the offender : ‘ There is too much blue ! ’ ‘ Eh ! Do you want anything , sir ? ’ said the sign-painter ; but he who had ventured the criticism was already at a distance . Again , David passed by . Another glance at the ‘ Break of Day , ’ and another exclamation : ‘ Too much blue , you blockhead ! ’ The insulted plasterer turned round to reconnoitre the speaker , and as if concluding , from his appearance , that he could be no very great connoisseur , he quietly set to work again , shrugging his shoulders in wonder how it could possibly be any business of his whether the sky was red , green , or blue . For the fourth time the unknown lounger repeated his unwelcome criticism : ‘ Too much blue ! ’ The Brussels Wouvermans coloured , but said , in the subdued tone of a man wishing to conceal anger he cannot help feeling : ‘ The gentleman may not be aware that I am painting a sky . ’ By this time he had come down from the ladder , and was standing surveying his work with one eye closed , and at the proper distance from it to judge of its effect ; and his look of evident exultation shewed that nothing could be more ill-timed than any depreciation of his labours . ‘ It is because I suppose you do want to paint a sky , that for that very reason I wished to give you this little piece of advice , and to tell you that there is too much blue in it . ’ ‘ And pray , Mr Amateur , when was there ever a sky seen without blue ? ’ ‘ I am no amateur ; but I tell you once more , that there is too much blue . And now do as you like ; and if you do not think you have enough , you can put more . ’ ‘ This is entirely too bad ! ’ cried the now exasperated sign-painter . ‘ You are an old fool , and know nothing of painting . I should like to see you make a sky without blue . ’ ‘ I do not say I am a good hand at a sky ; but if I did set about it , there should be no blue . ’ ‘ A pretty job it would be ! ’ ‘ It would look like something , at all events . ’ ‘ That is as much as to say mine is like nothing at all . ’ ‘ No indeed , for it is very like a dish of spinach , and very like a vile daub , or like anything else you please . ’ ‘ A dish of spinach ! a vile daub ! ’ cried the artist of Brabant in a rage . ‘ I , the pupil of Ruysdael — I , fourth cousin to Gerard Dow ! and you pretend to know more of my art than I do — an art I have practised with such credit at Antwerp , Louvain , and Liege ! A dish of spinach , indeed ! ’ And by this time the fury of the insulted painter had increased to such a degree , that he seized David by the arm , and shaking him violently , added : ‘ Do you know , you old dotard , that my character has been long established ? I have a red horse at Mechlin , a stag at Namur , and a Charlemagne at Aix-la-Chapelle , that no one has ever seen without admiring ! ’ ‘ This is beyond all patience , ’ said David ; and suddenly extricating himself from the man 's grasp , and snatching his palette from him , he was up the ladder in an instant , shouting : ‘ Wait awhile , and you shall have yourself to admire , with your fool 's pate and your ass 's ears ! ’ ‘ Stop , stop , you villain ! ’ roared the luckless artist , pale with consternation . ‘ My splendid sign ! A painting worth thirty-five francs ! I am ruined and undone ! ’ And he continued shaking the ladder , and pouring out a torrent of abuse upon David , who , caring neither for the reproaches of his victim , nor for the crowd that the sudden clamour had attracted , went on pitilessly effacing the ‘ Break of Day , ’ and mingling in one confused mass sky and sun , and trees and figures ; or what was intended , at least , to represent them . And now — not less rapid in creating than in destroying — and with the lightest possible touch of his brush , the new sign-painter sketched and finished , with magic rapidity , a sky with the gray tints of early dawn , and a group of three men , glass in hand , watching the rising sun ; one of these figures being a striking likeness of the whitewasher , shewn at once by his bushy eyebrows and snub-nose . The crowd , that had at first shewn every inclination to take the part of their countryman against a stranger unfairly interfering with him , now stood quietly watching the outlines as they shone through the first layers of colour , and shouts of applause burst from them as the figures grew beneath the creative hand of the artist . The tavern-keeper himself now swelled the number of admirers , having come out to ascertain the cause of the tumult ; and even the fourth-cousin of Gerard Dow felt his fury fast changing into admiration . ‘ I see it all now , ’ he said to those nearest him in the crowd . ‘ He is a French or Dutch sign-painter , one of ourselves , and he only wanted to have a joke against me . It is but fair to own that he has the real knack , and paints even better than I do . ’ The artist to whom this equivocal compliment was paid , was now coming down from the ladder amid the cheers of the spectators , when a new admirer was added to them in the person of a man who , mounted on a fine English horse , seemed inclined to ride over the crowd in his eagerness to get a good view of the painting . ‘ That picture is mine ! ’ he exclaimed ; ‘ I will have it . I will buy it , even if I have to cover it with guineas ! ’ ‘ What do you mean ? ’ asked the tavern-keeper . ‘ I mean , that I will give any price you choose to name for that sign , ’ answered the stranger . ‘ The picture is not to be sold , young man ; I could not think of parting with it , ’ said the whitewasher with as much paternal pride as if it had been indeed his workmanship . ‘ Certainly not , ’ said the vender of beer ; ‘ for it has been already sold , and partly paid for in advance . The picture is mine ; and , though not very anxious to dispose of it , yet , perhaps , we may come to some understanding , and make a bargain . ’ ‘ Not so fast , ’ said the dauber ; ‘ the sign belongs to me , and my brother-artist was only kindly giving me a helping-hand . It is my lawful property ; and if this gentleman wants to buy it , he must deal with me for it . ’ ‘ I tell you , ’ replied the tavern-keeper , ‘ that the “ Break of Day ” is my property , as sure as it is now hanging in front of my house . ’ The dispute was waxing louder and louder , when David broke in : ‘ And am I to go for nothing in the matter ? Methinks I might be allowed a voice in it . ’ ‘ And a good right you have , brother , ’ said the sign-painter ; ‘ and I am sure you and I shall have no difference about it . But the open street is no place for all this . We had better go into the house , and settle the matter over a pot of beer . ’ David , wishing to escape the continually increasing crowd , consented to the adjournment , which , however , had no effect upon the disputants , and the contest waged more fiercely than ever ; nor did the Englishman 's reiterated offers to give for the picture its weight in gold tend to allay it . ‘ But what will you say , if I wo n't let it be sold ? ’ cried David , at length losing all patience . ‘ Ah , good sir , ’ said the tavern-keeper , ‘ you would not deprive a poor , struggling man like me of this opening for getting a little ready money to enable me to lay in a stock of beer . As for that sign-painter , he is a drunken sot , who has left himself without as much as a stiver to give his daughter , who ought to have been married a year ago . ’ ‘ Do not believe him , sir , ’ cried David 's brother-artist . ‘ Every one knows there is not a fonder father in the whole town ; and more shame to me if I were not , for never was there such a good daughter as my dear , pretty Lizette . I have no money to give her , to be sure , but she is betrothed to an honest fellow , who is glad to get her , poor as she is . He is a young Frenchman , a cabinet-maker , and no better workman in the whole city ; and they are to be married whenever he has anything saved . ’ ‘ A good child , and a good workman , and only waiting for wherewithal to live ! This alters the matter entirely , ’ said David ; ‘ and the young couple shall have the picture . We leave it to this gentleman 's liberality to name the price he is willing to give for it . ’ ‘ Illustrious artist , ’ said the Englishman , ‘ I rejoice in the decision you have come to : Solomon himself could not have given a wiser one . As for me , I have already offered a hundred guineas for the sign as it stands ; but I will give two hundred , if you will consent to inscribe on it the two words “ Pierre David ." ’ The name was no sooner pronounced , than a cry of astonishment and delight burst from all present ; and the poor sign-painter , with tears in his eyes , implored pardon for all his rudeness and presumption , and poured out grateful thanks for the Master 's kind intentions in favour of the young couple . By this time the news had reached the crowd without , and was received with repeated shouts , and cries of ‘ Long live David ! ’ ‘ Long live the prince of artists ! ’ But the cheers became almost deafening , when the pretty Lizette , having heard the wonderful story of a sign having been painted that was to hasten her marriage , and give her a dowry of 200 guineas , made her appearance , and , without a moment 's hesitation , threw her arms about the neck of her benefactor , who returned her caresses most cordially ; declaring that , all things considered , he did not know any one who had a better right to a kiss from the bride . At this instant Talma , followed by Girodet and the collector , hurriedly entered the tavern . Not finding David at his house , and being told of his having left home very early , they became uneasy lest some accident had befallen him , and set off in search of him . ‘ Thank Heaven , we have found him ! ’ said Girodet . ‘ And very well employed , too , I declare , ’ cried Talma . ‘ If I could be sure of meeting such a kind welcome from a pretty girl , I should not mind getting up early myself ! ’ ‘ Bravo , bravo , my old friend ! ’ said Girodet , as , after a warm embrace from him , he turned to examine the picture : ‘ I never expected to hear of your changing your style , and turning Flemish sign-painter . But it is no shame for David to end as Rembrandt began . ’ ADMIRAL BLAKE . [ 1 ] A good biography is ever welcome ; and if it be the biography of a good and a great man , the cordiality of the bienvenu is doubled . Mr Prescott remarks , [ 2 ] that there is no kind of writing , having truth and instruction for its main object , which , on the whole , is so interesting and popular as biography : its superiority , in this point of view , to history , consisting in the fact , that the latter has to deal with masses — with nations , which , like corporate societies , seem to have no soul , and whose chequered vicissitudes may be contemplated rather with curiosity for the lessons they convey , than with personal sympathy . Among contemporary biographers , Mr Hepworth Dixon has already established for himself a name of some distinction by his popular lives of William Penn and John Howard ; nor will his credit suffer a decline in the instance of the memoir now before us — that of the gallant and single-minded patriot , Robert Blake . Of this fine old English worthy , republican as he was , the Tory Hume freely affirms , that never man , so zealous for a faction , was so much respected and even esteemed by his opponents . ‘ Disinterested , generous , liberal ; ambitious only of true glory , dreadful only to his avowed enemies ; he forms one of the most perfect characters of the age , and the least stained with those errors and vices which were then so predominant . '[ 3 ] Yet hitherto the records of this remarkable man have been scanty in matter , and scattered in form — the most notable being Dr Johnson 's sketch in the Gentleman 's Magazine , and another in the Encyclop æ dia Britannica . Mr Dixon has consulted several scarce works , of genuine though obsolete authority , and a large mass of original documents and family papers , in preparing the present able and attractive memoir ; not omitting a careful examination of the squibs , satires , and broadsides of that time , in his endeavour to trace , in forgotten nooks and corners , the anecdotes and details requisite , as he says , to complete a character thus far chiefly known by a few heroic outlines . We propose taking a brief survey of his life-history of the great admiral and general at sea — the ‘ Puritan Sea-King , ’ as Mr Dixon more characteristically than accurately calls his hero . A sea-king he was , every inch of him ; but to dub him Puritan , is like giving up to party what was meant for British mankind . To many , the term suggests primarily a habit of speaking through the nose ; and Blake had thundered commands through too many a piping gale and battle blast for that . Robert Blake was born at Bridgewater , in August 1599 . His father , Humphrey Blake , was a merchant trading with Spain — a man whose temper seems to have been too sanguine and adventurous for the ordinary action of trade , finally involving him in difficulties which clouded his latter days , and left his family in straitened circumstances : his name , however , was held in general respect ; and we find that he lived in one of the best houses in Bridgewater , and twice filled the chair of its chief magistrate . The perils to which mercantile enterprise was then liable — the chance escapes and valorous deeds which the successful adventurer had to tell his friends and children on the dark winter nights — doubtless formed a part of the food on which the imagination of young Blake , ‘ silent and thoughtful from his childhood , ’ was fed in the ‘ old house at home . ’ At the Bridgewater grammar-school , Robert received his early education , making tolerable acquaintance with Latin and Greek , and acquiring a strong bias towards a literary life . This penchant was confirmed by his subsequent career at Oxford , where he matriculated at sixteen , and where he strove hard but fruitlessly for scholarships and fellowships at different colleges . His failure to obtain a Merton fellowship has been attributed to a crotchet of the warden 's , Sir Henry Savile , in favour of tall men : ‘ The young Somersetshire student , thick-set , fair complexioned , and only five feet six , fell below his standard of manly beauty ; ’ and thus the Cavalier warden , in denying this aspirant the means of cultivating literature on a little university oatmeal , was turning back on the world one who was fated to become a republican power of the age . This shining light , instead of comfortably and obscurely merging in a petty constellation of Alma Mater , was to become a bright particular star , and dwell apart . The avowed liberalism of Robert may , however , have done more in reality to shock Sir Henry , than his inability to add a cubit to his stature . It is pleasant to know , that the ‘ admiral and general at sea ’ never outgrew a tenderness for literature — his first-love , despite the rebuff of his advances . Even in the busiest turmoil of a life teeming with accidents by flood and field , he made it a point of pride not to forget his favourite classics . Nor was it till after nine years ’ experience of college-life , and when his father was no longer able to manage his res angusta vit æ, that Robert finally abandoned his long-cherished plans , and retired with a sigh and last adieu from the banks of the Isis . When he returned to Bridgewater , in time to close his father 's eyes , and superintend the arrangements of the family , he was already remarkable for that ‘ iron will , that grave demeanour , that free and dauntless spirit , ’ which so distinguished his after-course . His tastes were simple , his manners somewhat bluntly austere ; a refined dignity of countenance , and a picturesque vigour of conversation , invested him with a social interest , to which his indignant invectives against court corruptions gave distinctive character . To the Short Parliament he was sent as member for his native town ; and in 1645 , was returned by Taunton to the Long Parliament . At the dissolution of the former , which he regarded as a signal for action , he began to prepare arms against the king ; his being one of the first troops in the field , and engaged in almost every action of importance in the western counties . His superiority to the men about him lay in the ‘ marvellous fertility , energy , and comprehensiveness of his military genius . ’ Prince Rupert alone , in the Royalist camp , could rival him as a ‘ partisan soldier . ’ His first distinguished exploit was his defence of Prior 's Hill fort , at the siege of Bristol — which contrasts so remarkably with the pusillanimity of his chief , Colonel Fiennes . Next comes his yet more brilliant defence of Lyme — then a little fishing-town , with some 900 inhabitants , of which the defences were a dry ditch , a few hastily-formed earth-works , and three small batteries , but which the Cavalier host of Prince Maurice , trying storm , stratagem , blockade , day after day , and week after week , failed to reduce or dishearten . ‘ At Oxford , where Charles then was , the affair was an inexplicable marvel and mystery : every hour the court expected to hear that the “ little vile fishing-town , ” as Clarendon contemptuously calls it , had fallen , and that Maurice had marched away to enterprises of greater moment ; but every post brought word to the wondering council , that Colonel Blake still held out , and that his spirited defence was rousing and rallying the dispersed adherents of Parliament in those parts . ’ After the siege was raised , the Royalists found that more men of gentle blood had fallen under Blake 's fire at Lyme , than in all the other sieges and skirmishes in the western counties since the opening of the war . The details of the siege are given with graphic effect by Mr Dixon , and are only surpassed in interest by those connected with Blake 's subsequent and yet more celebrated defence of Taunton , to which the third chapter of this biography is devoted . The hero 's fame had become a spell in the west : it was seen that he rivalled Rupert in rapid and brilliant execution , and excelled him in the caution and sagacity of his plans . He took Taunton — a place so important at that juncture , as standing on and controlling the great western highway — in July 1644 , within a week of Cromwell 's defeat of Rupert at Marston Moor . All the vigour of the Royalists was brought to bear on the captured town ; Blake 's defence of which is justly characterised as abounding with deeds of individual heroism — exhibiting in its master-mind a rare combination of civil and military genius . The spectacle of an unwalled town , in an inland district , with no single advantage of site , surrounded by powerful castles and garrisons , and invested by an enemy brave , watchful , numerous , and well provided with artillery , successfully resisting storm , strait , and blockade for several months , thus paralysing the king 's power , and affording Cromwell time to remodel the army , naturally arrested the attention of military writers at that time ; and French authors of this class bestowed on Taunton the name of the modern Saguntum . The rage of the Royalists at this prolonged resistance was extreme . Reckoning from the date when Blake first seized the town , to that of Goring 's final retreat , the defence lasted exactly a year , and under circumstances of almost overwhelming difficulty to the besieged party , who , in addition to the fatigue of nightly watches , and the destruction of daily conflicts , suffered from terrible scarcity of provisions . ‘ Not a day passed without a fire ; sometimes eight or ten houses were burning at the same moment ; and in the midst of all the fear , horror , and confusion incident to such disasters , Blake and his little garrison had to meet the storming-parties of an enemy brave , exasperated , and ten times their own strength . But every inch of ground was gallantly defended . A broad belt of ruined cottages and gardens was gradually formed between the besiegers and the besieged ; and on the heaps of broken walls and burnt rafters , the obstinate contest was renewed from day to day . ’ At last relief arrived from London ; and Goring , in savage dudgeon , beat a retreat , notwithstanding the wild oath he had registered , either to reduce that haughty town , or to lay his bones in its trenches . Blake was now the observed of all observers ; but , unlike most of his compeers , he abstained from using his advantages for purposes of selfish or personal aggrandisement . He kept aloof from the ‘ centre of intrigues , ’ and remained at his post , ‘ doing his duty humbly and faithfully at a distance from Westminster ; while other men , with less than half his claims , were asking and obtaining the highest honours and rewards from a grateful and lavish country . ’ Nor , indeed , did he at any time side with the ultras of his party , but loudly disapproved of the policy of the regicides . This , coupled with his influence , so greatly deserved and so deservedly great , made him an object of jealousy with Cromwell and his party ; and it was owing , perhaps , to their anxiety to keep him removed from the home-sphere of action , that the hero of Taunton was now appointed to the chief naval command . Hitherto , and for years afterwards , no state , ancient or modern , as Macaulay points out , had made a separation between the military and the naval service . Cimon and Lysander , Pompey and Agrippa , had fought by sea as well as by land : at Flodden , the right wing of the English was led by her admiral , and the French admiral led the Huguenots at Jarnac , & c. Accordingly , Blake was summoned from his pacific government at Taunton , to assume the post of ‘ General and Admiral at Sea ; ’ a title afterwards changed to ‘ General of the Fleet . ’ Two others were associated with him in the command ; but Blake seems at least to have been recognised as primus inter pares . The navy system was in deplorable need of reform ; and a reformer it found in Robert Blake , from the very day he became an admiral . His care for the well-being of his men made him an object of their almost adoring attachment . From first to last , he stood alone as England 's model-seaman . ‘ Envy , hatred , and jealousy dogged the steps of every other officer in the fleet ; but of him , both then and afterwards , every man spoke well . ’ The ‘ tremendous powers ’ intrusted to him by the Council of State , he exercised with off-handed and masterly success — startling politicians and officials of the ancien r é gime by his bold and open tactics , and his contempt for tortuous bypaths in diplomacy . His wondrous exploits were performed with extreme poverty of means . He was the first to repudiate and disprove the supposed fundamental maxim in marine warfare , that no ship could attack a castle , or other strong fortification , with any hope of success . The early part of his naval career was occupied in opposing and defeating the piratical performances of Prince Rupert , which then constituted the support of the exiled Stuarts , and which Mr Dixon refuses to interpret in such mild colours as Warburton and others . Blake 's utmost vigilance and activity were required to put down this extraordinary system of freebooting ; and by the time that he had successively overcome Rupert , and the minor but stubborn adventurers , Grenville and Carteret , he was in request to conduct the formidable war with Holland , and to cope with such veterans as Tromp , De Witt , De Ruyter , & c. Of the various encounters in which he thus signalised himself , his biographer gives most spirited descriptions , such as their length alone deters us from quoting . On one occasion only did Blake suffer a defeat ; and this one is easily explained by — first , Tromp 's overwhelming superiority of force ; secondly , the extreme deficiency of men in the English fleet ; and thirdly , the cowardice or disaffection of several of Blake 's captains at a critical moment in the battle . Notwithstanding this disaster , not a whisper was heard against the admiral either in the Council of State or in the city ; his offer to resign was flatteringly rejected ; and he soon found , that the ‘ misfortune which might have ruined another man , had given him strength and influence in the country . ’ This disaster , in fact , gave him power to effect reforms in the service , and to root out abuses which had defied all his efforts in the day of his success . He followed it up by the great battle of Portland , and other triumphant engagements . Then came his sweeping tours de force in the Mediterranean ; in six months he established himself , as Mr Dixon says , as a power in that great midland sea , from which his countrymen had been politically excluded since the age of the Crusades — teaching nations , to which England 's very name was a strange sound , to respect its honours and its rights ; chastising the pirates of Barbary with unprecedented severity ; making Italy 's petty princes feel the power of the northern Protestants ; causing the pope himself to tremble on his seven hills ; and startling the council-chambers of Venice and Constantinople with the distant echoes of our guns . And be it remembered , that England had then no Malta , Corfu , and Gibraltar as the bases of naval operations in the Mediterranean : on the contrary , Blake found that in almost every gulf and island of that sea — in Malta , Venice , Genoa , Leghorn , Algiers , Tunis , and Marseilles — there existed a rival and an enemy ; nor were there more than three or four harbours in which he could obtain even bread for love or money . After this memorable cruise , he had to conduct the Spanish war — a business quite to his mind ; for though his highest renown had been gained in his conflicts with the Dutch , he had secretly disliked such encounters between two Protestant states ; whereas , in the case of Popish Spain , his soul leaped at the anticipation of battle — sympathising as he did with the Puritan conviction , that Spain was the devil 's stronghold in Europe . At this period , Blake was suffering from illness , and was sadly crippled in his naval equipments , having to complain constantly of the neglect at home to remedy the exigencies of the service . ‘ Our ships , ’ he writes , ‘ extremely foul , winter drawing on , our victuals expiring , all stores failing , our men falling sick through the badness of drink , and eating their victuals boiled in salt water for two months ’ space ’ ( 1655 .) His own constitution was thoroughly undermined . For nearly a year , remarks his biographer , ‘ he had never quitted the “ foul and defective ” flag-ship . Want of exercise and sweet food , beer , wine , water , bread , and vegetables , had helped to develop scurvy and dropsy ; and his sufferings from these diseases were now acute and continuous . ’ But his services were indispensable , and Blake was not the man to shrink from dying in harness . His sun set gloriously at Santa Cruz — that miraculous and unparalleled action , as Clarendon calls it , which excited such grateful enthusiasm at home . At home ! words of fascination to the maimed and enfeebled veteran , [ 4 ] who now turned his thoughts so anxiously towards the green hills of his native land . Cromwell 's letter of thanks , the plaudits of parliament , and the jewelled ring sent to him by his loving countrymen , reached him while homeward bound . But he was not again to tread the shores he had defended so well . As the ships rolled through the Bay of Biscay , his sickness increased , and affectionate adherents saw with dismay that he was drawing near to the gates of the grave . ‘ Some gleams of the old spirit broke forth as they approached the latitude of England . He inquired often and anxiously if the white cliffs were yet in sight . He longed to behold once more the swelling downs , the free cities , the goodly churches of his native land .... At last , the Lizard was announced . Shortly afterwards , the bold cliffs and bare hills of Cornwall loomed out grandly in the distance . But it was too late for the dying hero . He had sent for the captains and other great officers of his fleet , to bid them farewell ; and while they were yet in his cabin , the undulating hills of Devonshire , glowing with the tints of early autumn , came full in view .... But the eyes which had so yearned to behold this scene once more were at that very instant closing in death . Foremost of the victorious squadron , the St George rode with its precious burden into the Sound ; and just as it came into full view of the eager thousands crowding the beach , the pier-heads , the walls of the citadel , & c. ready to catch the first glimpse of the hero of Santa Cruz , and salute him with a true English welcome — he , in his silent cabin , in the midst of his lion-hearted comrades , now sobbing like little children , yielded up his soul to God . ’ The corpse was embalmed , and conveyed to Greenwich , where it lay in state for some days . On the 4th of September 1657 , the Thames bore a solemn funeral procession , which moved slowly , amid salvos of artillery , to Westminster , where a new vault had been prepared in the noble abbey . The tears of a nation made it hallowed ground . A prince , of whom the epigram declares that , if he never said a foolish thing , he never did a wise one — saw fit to disturb the hero 's grave , drag out the embalmed body , and cast it into a pit in the abbey-yard . One of Charles Stuart 's most witless performances ! For Blake is not to be confounded — though the Merry Monarch thought otherwise — with the Iretons and Bradshaws who were similarly exhumed . The admiral was a moderate in the closest , a patriot in the widest sense . In the chivalric disposition of the man , there was true affinity to the best qualities of the Cavalier , mingled sometimes with a certain grim humour , all his own . Many are the illustrations we might adduce of this high-minded and generous temperament . For instance : meeting a French frigate of forty guns in the Straits , and signaling for the captain to come on board his flag-ship , the latter , considering the visit one of friendship and ceremony , there being no declared war between the two nations — though the French conduct at Toulon had determined England on measures of retaliation — readily complied with Blake 's summons ; but was astounded , on entering the admiral 's cabin , at being told he was a prisoner , and requested to give up his sword . No ! was the surprised but resolute Frenchman 's reply . Blake felt that an advantage had been gained by a misconception , and scorning to make a brave officer its victim , he told his guest he might go back to his ship , if he wished , and fight it out as long as he was able . The captain , we are told , thanked him for his handsome offer , and retired . After two hours ’ hard fighting , he struck his flag ; like a true French knight , he made a low bow , kissed his sword affectionately , and delivered it to his conqueror . Again : when Blake captured the Dutch herring-fleet off Bochness , consisting of 600 boats , instead of destroying or appropriating them , he merely took a tithe of the whole freight , in merciful consideration towards the poor families whose entire capital and means of life it constituted . This ‘ characteristic act of clemency ’ was censured by many as Quixotic , and worse . But , as Mr Dixon happily says : ‘ Blake took no trouble to justify his noble instincts against such critics . His was indeed a happy fate : the only fault ever advanced by friend or foe against his public life , was an excess of generosity towards his vanquished enemies ! ’ His sense of the comic is amusingly evidenced by the story of his ruse during a dearth in the same siege . Tradition reports , that only one animal , a hog , was left alive in the town , and that more than half starved . In the afternoon , Blake , feeling that in their depression a laugh would do the defenders as much good as a dinner , had the hog carried to all the posts and whipped , so that its screams , heard in many places , might make the enemy suppose that fresh supplies had somehow been obtained . According to his biographer , never man had finer sense of sarcasm , or used that weapon with greater effect — loving to find expression for its scorn and merriment in the satires of Horace and Juvenal ; and thus in some degree relieving the stern fervour of Puritan piety with the more easy graces of ancient scholarship . The moral aspects of his character appear in this memoir in an admirable light . If he did not stand so high as some others in public notoriety , it was mainly because , to stand higher than he did , he must plant his feet on a bad eminence . His patriotism was as pure as Cromwell 's was selfish . Mr Dixon alludes to the strong points of contrast , as well as of resemblance , between the two men . Both , he says , were sincerely religious , undauntedly brave , fertile in expedients , irresistible in action . Born in the same year , they began and almost closed their lives at the same time . Both were country gentlemen of moderate fortune ; both were of middle age when the revolution came . Without previous knowledge or professional training , both attained to the highest honours of the respective services . But there the parallel ends . Anxious only for the glory and interest of his country , Blake took little or no care of his personal aggrandisement . His contempt for money , his impatience with the mere vanities of power , were supreme . Bribery he abhorred in all its shapes . He was frank and open to a fault ; his heart was ever in his hand , and his mind ever on his lips . His honesty , modesty , generosity , sincerity , and magnanimity , were unimpeached . Cromwell 's inferior moral qualities made him distrust the great seaman ; yet now and then , as in the case of the street tumult at Malaga , he was fain to express his admiration of Robert Blake . The latter was wholly unversed in the science of nepotism , and ‘ happy family ’ compacts ; for although desirous of aiding his relatives , he was jealous of the least offence on their part , and never overlooked it . Several instances of this disposition are on record . When his brother Samuel , in rash zeal for the Commonwealth , ventured to exceed his duty , and was killed in a fray which ensued , Blake was terribly shocked , but only said : ‘ Sam had no business there . ’ Afterwards , however , he shut himself up in his room , and bewailed his loss in the words of Scripture : ‘ Died Abner as a fool dieth ! ’ His brother Benjamin , again , to whom he was strongly attached , falling under suspicion of neglect of duty , was instantly broken , and sent on shore . ‘ This rigid measure of justice against his own flesh and blood , silenced every complaint , and the service gained immeasurably in spirit , discipline , and confidence . ’ Yet more touching was the great admiral 's inexorable treatment of his favourite brother Humphrey , who , in a moment of extreme agitation , had failed in his duty . The captains went to Blake in a body , and argued that Humphrey 's fault was a neglect rather than a breach of orders , and suggested his being sent away to England till it was forgotten . But Blake was outwardly unmoved , though inwardly his bowels did yearn over his brother , and sternly said : ‘ If none of you will accuse him , I must be his accuser . ’ Humphrey was dismissed from the service . It is affecting to know how painfully Blake missed his familiar presence during his sick and lonely passage homewards , when the hand of death was upon that noble heart . To Humphrey he bequeathed the greater part of his property . In the rare intervals of private life which he enjoyed on shore , Blake also compels our sincere regard . When released for awhile from political and professional duties , he loved to run down to Bridgewater for a few days or weeks , and , as his biographer says , with his chosen books , and one or two devout and abstemious friends , to indulge in all the luxuries of seclusion . ‘ He was by nature self-absorbed and taciturn . His morning was usually occupied with a long walk , during which he appeared to his simple neighbours to be lost in profound thought , as if working out in his own mind the details of one of his great battles , or busy with some abstruse point of Puritan theology . If accompanied by one of his brothers , or by some other intimate friend , he was still for the most part silent . Always good-humoured , and enjoying sarcasm when of a grave , high class , he yet never talked from the loquacious instinct , or encouraged others so to employ their time and talents in his presence . Even his lively and rattling brother Humphrey , his almost constant companion when on shore , caught , from long habit , the great man 's contemplative and self-communing gait and manner ; and when his friends rallied him on the subject in after-years , he used to say , that he had caught the trick of silence while walking by the admiral 's side in his long morning musings on Knoll Hill . A plain dinner satisfied his wants . Religious conversation , reading , and the details of business , generally filled up the evening until supper-time ; after family prayers — always pronounced by the general himself — he would invariably call for his cup of sack and a dry crust of bread , and while he drank two or three horns of Canary , would smile and chat in his own dry manner with his friends and domestics , asking minute questions about their neighbours and acquaintance ; or when scholars or clergymen shared his simple repast , affecting a droll anxiety — rich and pleasant in the conqueror of Tromp — to prove , by the aptness and abundance of his quotations , that , in becoming an admiral , he had not forfeited his claim to be considered a good classic . ’ The care and interest with which he looked to the well-being of his humblest followers , made him eminently popular in the fleet . He was always ready to hear complaints and to rectify grievances . When wounded at the battle of Portland , and exhorted to go on shore for repose and proper medical treatment , he refused to seek for himself the relief which he had put in the way of his meanest comrade . Even at the early period of his cruise against the Cavalier corsairs of Kinsale , such was Blake 's popularity , that numbers of men were continually joining him from the enemy 's fleet , although he offered them less pay , and none of that licence which they had enjoyed under Prince Rupert 's flag . They gloried in following a leader sans peur et sans reproche — one with whose renown the whole country speedily rang — the renown of a man who had revived the traditional glories of the English navy , and proved that its meteor flag could ‘ yet terrific burn . ’ FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] Robert Blake : Admiral and General at Sea . By Hepworth Dixon . London : Chapman and Hall . 1852 . [ 2 ] Biographical and Critical Miscellanies . [ 3 ] History of Great Britain , c. lxi . [ 4 ] He had been lamed for life , by a wound in the thigh , at the battle of Portland , 1653 . SUMMER LODGINGS . In the dominions of the Czar , the backs of the serfs suffer a weekly titillation as insufferable , although not so deadly , as the less frequent knout . When it comes to Wednesday , they begin to imagine that they are not exactly comfortable ; on Thursday , the natural moisture of their skin seems fast drying up , and they are in an incipient fit of the fidgets ; on Friday , the epidermis cracks all over , or makes-believe to do so ; and on Saturday , the whole population , with a shout of impatient joy , rush to the bath-house of the village , like a herd of bullocks in the dog-days to the river , and boil themselves in steam . When thoroughly done , they come out , beautifully plumped , as the cooks say , and feeling fresh and vigorous , and as fit as ever they were in their lives to encounter a new week of serfdom . An annual process analogous to this takes place in our own country . In spring , we begin to look wistfully at the garden , to watch the opening of the lettuces , and count the colours of the pansies . As the season advances , we wander into the fields , examine curiously the thin grass , and turn an admiring eye towards the green hills in the distance . As May breaks upon us in sunlight , though the east wind is still chill , we half persuade ourselves that this really is the season of love and sentiment ; and when the month ripens into June , when the grass beneath our feet actually deserves the name of a carpet , when the trees are rich and umbrageous , when the birds are in full song , and the roses in full blow — then the hitherto indefinite longing of our heart acquires strength and purpose . The dry streets look unnatural ; the formal lines of houses offend the taste ; the air is close and hot ; the younger children look pale , and their elder sisters languish . The month is at length out , and we wonder how we have survived it . The thing can no longer be borne : the town looks and breathes like a pest-house ; while hill-sides glimmer in our waking dreams , broad seas stretch away till they are lost in the golden light — ‘ And dying winds and waters near Make music to the lonely ear : ’ still worse — everybody that is anybody is off to the country and the sea , and we rush madly after . But the country ? Where is the country ? That is the puzzle . In our youth , we knew many a quiet village , many a fine beach , many a sheltered bay , where one might wander , or swim , or muse , or rusticate in any way he chose . The village has grown into a town ; the beach is lined with villas ; the bay swarms with vessels , and its shores with population . Every eligible spot on the coast becomes the resort of country-goers , till it is no longer the country . All local advantages are taken advantage of , till they disappear . The citizen , charmed with the countryness of the spot , builds his box by the water-side ; the speculator runs up lines of houses ; a handsome inn rises in the midst ; and benevolent individuals hasten to the new centre of attraction , loaded with every kind of commodity men stand in need of , and are likely to buy . Here , in Scotland , on the Clyde , which is the grand sanatorium of the east as well as the west country , this process of change is remarkable . The once wildly beautiful shores , wherever there is not a town or a village , are dotted with trim white villas , glimmering here and there among the trees . The angles of the lochs , where these diverge from the parent stream , are covered with houses . The Gair Loch , which we remember as one of the sweetest mysteries of a mountain lake whose banks ever echoed to the songs of poetry and love , is a snug suburban retreat . The entrance of the Holy Loch , and of the dark and awful Loch Long , are fortified against the spirit of nature by groups of streets . At the heretofore quiet village of Dunoon , slumbering at the foot of its almost obliterated castle , you might lose yourself in the wilderness of new habitations . Gourock , on the opposite side , where in our boyhood the fairies disported round the Kempuck Stane , is a bustling town , with a suburb stretching along the Clyde , nearly as long as the long town of Kirkaldy , on the Forth ; and at Largs , the barrows of the ancient Danes have become the cellars of the sons of little men , who confine spirits in them , as the prophet Solomon used to do , with a sealed cork . The once solitary island of Cumbrae is the town of Milport ; the hoary ruins of Rothsay Castle are almost buried in a congeries of seaport streets and lanes ; and , smoking , sputtering , and flapping their water-wings , scores of steamers ply in endless succession among these and a multitude of other places of renown . All this , we may be told , is as it should be ; a house is better than a hut , and the conveniences of civilised life better than roughing it in the desert : but we will not be comforted . Roughing it ! that is just what the smoke-dried citizen wants occasionally , to prevent his blood from stagnating , and keep his faculties in working order . Physically , at least , we are not half the men we were when we used to rumble , and sometimes tumble , in stage-coaches , exposed to all the excitement and adventures of a journey ; or to get as sick as forty dogs , tossing about whole days and nights in a sailing vessel . Then , when we landed , how delightful were the miseries of a cottage ; the makeshifts , the squeezing , the dirt , the hunger — that veal-pie was always left behind !— the hunting of the neighbourhood for eggs for the children , the compulsory abstinence for three days out of four from butcher-meat , and the helpless dependence upon the chapter of accidents for everything else ! Now , we get into a railway carriage , or the cabin of a steamer , and after taking a book or a nap for an hour or two , raise our heads , and find ourselves , somehow or other , fifty miles off — in the country . The country is a genteel house in a genteel street , or a nice villa in a row of nice villas , where we are surrounded with all the conveniences we enjoy at home . The very society is the same ; for our friends , Thomson and Smith , and the whole of that set , have brought their families to the same place for summer lodgings — it is so agreeable to be among one 's acquaintances . Then we begin to enjoy ourselves : we have conversation-parties , and dancing-parties , and balls , all the same as at home . We enjoy our newspaper , as usual , in our comfortable reading-room . In the morning , we take a stroll or a dip , or drink water at the Wells , which , although undoubtedly nasty , is undeniably wholesome . Then there is a steamer in sight , and we all hasten to the pier , to ascertain if we know anybody on board . Then we dine early , for one must dine early in the country . Then we take a nap ; then another stroll ; then there is another steamer to watch ; then we drink tea ; then to the pier again . This time , the vessel 's head is pointed homewards ; and as she breaks away from the land , we follow her with our eyes till she is swallowed up in the distance . Then we turn away with a sigh ; go back to our lodgings ; lounge into bed ; and fall asleep in the midst of the delightful sensation of having nothing to do , and being in the country . All this is delightful , no doubt ; every bit as good as being at home . Our aim , in fact , is to carry home with us — to feel as if we had never left No . 24 . The closer the resemblance between our country lodgings and our town-house , the better we are off ; for we then get what we have come for — change of air — without any sacrifice of comfort . But we doubt whether ‘ change of air ’ has so limited a meaning . Hygienically speaking , it includes , we suspect , change of habits , change of diet , change of company , change of thought . The miseries of the old country lodgings were better for the health than the comforts of the new . The very grumbling they gave rise to was a wholesome exercise . The short allowance was worth a whole pharmacopoeia . The ravenous appetite that fastened upon things common and unclean was a glorious symptom . We came back strengthened in mind as well as body . Our country sojourn had the effect of foreign travel in opening the heart and expanding the intellect ; it smoothed away prejudices and upset conventionalities ; and the ruddy glow of our sunburnt cheeks was the external token of the healthy natural tone of the feelings within . No ; this passion for comfort and gentility in the wilderness , is a bad sign of the generation : it bespeaks effeminacy of character , and a vanity which , however graceful it may be thought in the town , shews mean and ridiculous among the hills , and woods , and waters of the country . Among our neighbours on the continent , the summer move is not so universal as with us . In Paris , for instance , everything is considered the country that is outside the barriers ; and in the fine season , every bourgeois family is outside the barriers at least once a week — eating , drinking , dancing , and singing . Then there are the walks in the Bois de Boulogne , and the picnics at St Cloud , and the excursions to Versailles : wherever there is green turf and shady trees , you hear the sounds of mirth and music rising in the clearest , brightest atmosphere in the world . Thus a sojourn out of town is not a necessity . They take change of air by instalments , and pass the summer in a state of chronic excitement . In other parts of the world , the move is as entire as with us ; and in at least one instance , all classes of the population desert the cities at the same time , and flock to the same sea-side . To be sure , this sea-side is somewhat extensive , and there need be no more crowding than is social and comfortable . An amusing account of the migration , and of the summer lodgings of Central America is given in Mr Squier 's Nicaragua , recently published . The state of Nicaragua occupies that part of the Isthmus lying between the lake of the same name and the Pacific , the distance between being in some places only about fifteen miles . In this narrow tract there are several large towns , such as Grenada and Leon , which , in spite of the breath of the two oceans , get smoke-dried by the time the dry season advances into March . Then comes on the ‘ Paseo al mar , ’ or bathing-season , when a great portion of the population , taken not merely from the upper classes , but from the bourgeoisie and Indian peasantry , rush down to the shores of the Pacific . ‘ At that time , ’ says Mr Squier , ‘ a general movement of carts and servants takes place in the direction of the sea , and the government despatches an officer and a guard , to superintend the pitching of the annual camp upon the beach , or rather upon the forest-covered sand-ridge which fringes the shore . Each family builds a temporary cane-hut , lightly thatched with palm-leaves , and floored with petates or mats . The whole is wickered together with vines , or woven together basketwise , and partitioned in the same way , by means of coloured curtains of cotton cloth . This constitutes the penetralia , and is sacred to the bello sexo and the babies . The more luxurious ladies bring down their neatly-curtained beds , and make no mean show of elegance in the interior arrangements of their impromptu dwellings . Outside , and something after the fashion of their permanent residences , is a kind of broad and open shed , which bears a very distant relation to the corridor . Here hammocks are swung , the families dine , the ladies receive visitors , and the men sleep .... The establishments here described pertain only to the wealthier visitors , the representatives of the upper classes . There is every intermediate variety , down to those of the mozo and his wife , who spread their blankets at the foot of a tree , and weave a little bower of branches above them — an affair of ten or a dozen minutes . And there are yet others who disdain even this exertion , and nestle in the dry sand . ’ This kind of gipsying expedition to the sea in summer would hardly suit the form of European , or at least British civilisation ; but we do not see why , in the one continent more than in the other , one 's country lodgings should be required to resemble a town-house . In the Clyde , which we have mentioned as a resort for summer loiterers , there is one exceptional place — the island of Arran . Here the Marquis of Douglas has determined , with much good taste , that his property shall not be vulgarised by the new style of country lodgings , and so far from feuing the ground , he will not permit even a pier to be built for the accommodation of visitors . The village , accordingly , is simply a line of thatched cottages , which , in the fine season , are filled to overflowing . A few houses of more pretension stand on the other side of the bay ; but , in general , no one sets his foot in Brodick who has not made up his mind to rough it pretty much in the fashion of the last generation . Sometimes , on the occasion of a holiday in Glasgow , which is six hours ’ steaming distant , the village is flooded with a moving population that can neither find house-room on the island nor means of quitting it the same day . Then comes a scene of something more than Mexican roughness . Shawls , cloaks , plaids , are the only substitute for tents , and a bush or a tree the only shelter from the summer wind . Such wandering companies are rarely short of provisions , for they have a wholesome dread of Highland hunger ; and hearty is the feast and loud the merriment , as they sit thus , houseless and homeless outcasts of the Clyde . The night comes on , neither dark nor unpleasantly cold , and the trooping stars assemble in the heavens , and look down on the slumbrous waters , as bright and new as they were seen of old from the hill-tops of Chaldea . Higher swell the hearts of the spectators for a time , till , yielding to the influence of the hour , lower and lower sink their pulses of emotion , like the tide of the lately panting deep . Their voices fall ; their words are few and whispered , then heard no more ; the lights of the village disappear one by one ; the last door is heard to shut ; there is silence on the earth . We never heard of anybody being the worse of this adventure , although it is a kind of roughing we would not positively recommend to Miss Laura Matilda , or any of her fair sisters . We would give them a thatched roof over their heads , a weather-tight room for their slumbers , and a substantial wall between them and the couple of cows that yield their warm milk in the morning . We would afford them a homely sitting-room , with no temptation to keep them within doors for a single moment , except during their brief and humble meals . We would plant their tabernacle in some lonely place on a hillside , or on the shores of a romantic loch , an hour 's smart walk from any society they are accustomed to at home . We would have them make acquaintances of the said two cows ; of both the dogs , even the surly one , which cannot for some time understand who or what they are , or what business they have there ; of the hens , that present them with newly-laid eggs to breakfast ; of the five or six sheep , to whom they are evidently objects of curiosity and admiration ; of that sociable goat , which accompanies the sheep to the hill like one of themselves ; and more especially of the little boy , who is proud of being called the herd ; and of the cotter and his old mother , and his wife and two young daughters . We would insist upon their feeling a kindly interest in these new friends , one and all ; on their taking leave of them individually when coming away ; and on their carrying home with them an impression which would sometimes , in the crowded street , or the hot room , well suddenly up in their hearts like a fresh stream , or pass across their cheeks like a breath of mountain air . Depend upon it , we lose much humanising feeling , much true refinement , much of the poetry of life , in parting with the roughness of our Summer Lodgings . PAPER-MONEY AND BANKING IN CHINA . The origin or prototype of so many of our European arts and customs has been found in the ‘ central flowery land , ’ that it is not surprising to hear of the Chinese having begun to use paper-money as currency in the second century preceding the Christian era . At that time , the coinage of the Celestials was of a more bulky and ponderous nature than it is at the present day ; and we may easily believe that a people so cunning and ingenious , would contrive not a few schemes to avoid the burden of carrying it about ; as the man did , who scratched the figure of an ox on a piece of leather , and went from door to door with that until he had found a customer , leaving the animal , meantime , at home in the stall . There was a deficiency , too , in the ways and means of the government : money was never plentiful enough in the imperial coffers . At last , to get out of the difficulty , it was determined to try the effect of a paper-currency , and an issue was made of assignats or treasury-warrants , which , being based on the credit of the highest authorities , were regarded as secure ; which fact , with their facility of transfer , soon brought them into circulation . Of course , a good deal of legislation was expended on the measure , before it could be got to work satisfactorily , and it underwent many fluctuations in its progress towards permanence . The intestine wars to which China was exposed at that period , by overturning dynasty after dynasty , led one government to disavow the obligations of its predecessor , and the natural consequences of bad faith followed . After circulating with more or less success for five hundred years , the government paper-money disappeared . This happened under the Ming dynasty : the Manchus , who succeeded , gave themselves no trouble to restore the paper-currency ; on which the trading portion of the community took the matter into their own hands , and by the time that their Tatar conquerors were quietly settled in their usurped authority , the merchants had revived the use of paper . They were too sensible of its great utility not to make the attempt ; and since that time , they have gone on without any aid from the state , developing their plans as experience suggested , and so cautiously as to insure success . This result is , however , far below what has been obtained by Europeans . In comparison with ours , the banking-system of China is in a very primitive condition ; theirs is extremely limited in its application , each city restricting itself to its own method ; and while the means of intercommunication are imperfect , there is little prospect of improvement . One example may be taken as an illustration of the whole ; and we avail ourselves of a communication made by Mr Parkes to the Royal Asiatic Society on the paper-currency of Fuhchowfoo , for the substance of the present article . As in other places , the system was started in the city of Fuhchow by private individuals , who began by circulating among each other notes payable on demand . As the convenience of such a medium became apparent , the circulation was extended , and ultimately offices were opened for the special purpose of issuing notes ; but as the only guarantee for their security was the character of those who put them forth , the circulation remained comparatively trifling , until their credit was recognised and established . Not till the first quarter of the present century did the use of paper become extensive or permanent ; and now , everybody in Fuhchowfoo prefers notes to coin . As no licence is required , any one may commence the banking business , and at first considerable mischief resulted from this liberty . Speculators who forced their notes largely into circulation , not unfrequently met with a reverse , with the usual consequences of distress and embarrassment to their connection . Although this for a time brought paper into disfavour , it has now recovered , and the great competition is found to have the effect of mitigating the evils of failure . Where so many are concerned , individual suffering must be comparatively slight . The banks , moreover , are not banks of deposit ; the proprietors prefer not to receive deposits , so that private parties run no risk of a great and sudden loss , beyond that of such notes as they may hold at the time of a stoppage . On the other hand , the usefulness of a bank is limited by this arrangement ; there can be no paying of cheques ; but very few of the banking establishments can transact business beyond the city or the department in which they may be located , and seldom or never beyond the limits of the province . Hence the convenience and safety of making payments at places remote from each other , through the medium of a banker , is almost unknown in China . Within certain limits , the large bankers undertake mercantile exchanges ; they also refine the sycee , or silver , for the receivers of taxes . The government will take no silver under a standard quality ; the collector delivers his sycee to the banker , who weighs , refines , and casts it into ingots , for a consideration , giving a receipt , which is handed to the treasurer of the department , who calls for the amount when required . The small banks transact their business on an extremely petty scale . On first starting in business , their notes are seldom in circulation above a few hours , and they have always to be watchful to avoid a ‘ run . ’ It is among this class that failures most frequently occur , the time of the crash being the end of the year , owing to the demand for specie which then arises . As a precautionary measure , some of them mostly circulate the notes of the large banks , which do not return to them as their own would . Their own are sure to come back once at least in the twenty-four hours , as the large banks make a rule of sending all petty bank-notes to their issuers every day , and exchanging them for specie or larger notes . The petty establishments resort to various expedients for the sake of profit ; one is , to locate themselves in a good situation : if far from a large bank , they charge a higher rate of discount on notes presented for payment , than is charged by their more powerful competitor ; and the people who live in the neighbourhood submit to this charge , rather than take the trouble of going to the large bank . On the contrary , if the great and the small are near together , the latter charge lower , and make their profit by placing base coin among the strings of copper cash which they pay to their customers in exchange for notes . The inferior cash is manufactured for the purpose , in the same way as Birmingham halfpence used to be for distribution by the keepers of toll-gates . ‘ Such petty chicanery is not viewed , as with us , in the light of an offence , since , from the exceeding low value of the Chinese cash — twenty-seven being only equivalent to a penny — those must be bad indeed which will not pass current with the rest ; and , accordingly , the inferior sorts , when used in moderation , are accepted along with the better in all the ordinary transactions of life . The profits of these establishments must , therefore , be but slender — proportioned , however , to the extent of their dealings ; and some of the smallest firms may not make more than half a dollar in the course of a day . ’ ‘ The banking establishments in the city and suburbs of Fuhchow , ’ says Mr Parkes , ‘ may be enumerated by hundreds . Most of them are naturally very insignificant , and the circulation of their notes exceedingly limited . Many of the outside notes will not pass current inside ; and are only convertible at the place of issue . Such branches as these must be entirely superfluous , and might seriously inconvenience or trammel the transactions of the higher ones ; but , in order to guard against encroachment from this direction , and as a self-protective measure , several of the leading banks of known stability co-operate with each other to keep up the value of their notes ; and thus , by holding a strong check on the issues of those minor parties , effectually continue to regulate the whole system . There are thirty of these establishments inside and outside the city , all reported to be possessed of capital to the amount of from 500 , 000 to upwards of 1 , 000 , 000 dollars . ‘ These latter establishments command the utmost confidence , and their notes pass current everywhere and with everybody . They contribute mutual support by constantly exchanging and continually cashing each other 's notes , which they severally seem to value as highly as their own particular issues . This reciprocal and implicit trust must add greatly to their solidity , and tend to prevent the possibility of failure . The chief banker gained his high reputation by a voluntary subscription , about thirty years ago , of no less than 100 , 000 dollars to the government toward the repairs of the city walls and other public works , for which he was rewarded with honorary official insignia , and the extensive patronage or business of all the authorities . These large banks are complete rulers of the money-market ; they regulate the rates of exchange , which are incessantly fluctuating , and are known to alter several times in the course of the day . The arrival or withdrawal from the place of specie to the amount of a few thousands , has an immediate effect in either raising or lowering the exchange . The bankers are kept most accurately informed on the subject by some twenty men in their general employ , whose sole business it is to be in constant attendance in the market , and to acquaint the banks with everything that is going on , when they , guided by the transactions of the day , determine and fix upon , between themselves , the various prices of notes , sycee , and dollars . Their unanimity on those points is very remarkable ; and they are all deeply impressed with the salutary conviction , that their chief strength consists in the degree of mutual harmony that they preserve , and the confidence they place in one another . These reporters are also very useful to new arrivals , in affording them guidance on matters of exchange , or in introducing them to the best bankers ; and the allowances that the stranger makes to them for their assistance , and the banker for procuring him custom , constitute the gains of their calling . They have also to report the prices of silver every morning at the Magistracy , which , from its daily increasing value , has become an object of especial attention . ’ Twenty years ago , much discontent was expressed that silver , which had been worth 1000 cash per ounce , rose to 1500 ; now it is over 2000 , owing to the continuous drain of the metal from the country . Still , with all this , failures are rare . The petty banks are most liable to this reverse ; and on such occasions , they generally contrive to arrange the matter quietly among themselves ; but the whole property or lands belonging to the defaulters may be seized and sold to satisfy the claims of the creditors : the dividend is usually from 10s . to 12s . in the pound . Wilful fraud is seldom practised ; the heaviest instance known , was for 70 , 000 dollars ; from the year 1843 to 1848 , there were but four bankruptcies , and three of these were for less than 6000 dollars . The defaulters frequently escape punishment owing to the high cost of prosecution . The large banks are safe ; but at times , from false or malicious reports , are exposed to a sudden ‘ run ; ’ a great crowd besets the doors when least expected , and numbers of vagabonds seize the opportunity for mischief and plunder . These outbreaks grew to such a pitch , that the magistrates now , whenever possible , hasten to the threatened establishment , to repress violence by their presence and authority . The rush , however , is so sudden , that before they can arrive on the spot , the mob has improved its opportunity for destruction , and disappeared . Forgery is not often attempted , probably because it does not pay , owing to the fact of its being extremely difficult to circulate any but notes of small value . The penalty for this offence is transportation to a distance of three thousand le — about a thousand miles ; or imprisonment or flogging , according to circumstances . We question if such an instance as the following ever occurred out of China :— ‘ A forger of some notoriety having been several times prosecuted by the bankers , and with but little success , for he still continued to carry on his malpractices , they conferred together , and agreed to take him into their pay , making him responsible for any future frauds of the kind . He continues to receive a stipend from them at the present time , and is one of their most effective safeguards against further imposition , as it devolves upon him to detect and apprehend any other offender . ’ Most of the bank-notes are printed from copperplates , but some of the petty dealers still use wooden blocks . They are longer and narrower than ours , and have a handsomely engraved border , within which are paragraphs laudatory of the ability or reputation of the firm . The notes are of three kinds : for cash , dollars , and sycee . The first are from 400 cash ( 1s . 3d . sterling ) , to hundreds of thousands , and are largely circulated in all the smaller business transactions . The dollar-notes , varying from a unit to 500 , and , in some instances , to 1000 , circulate among the merchants , their value continually fluctuating with that of the price of the silver which they represent . The sycee-notes are from one to several hundred taels ( ounces ) , and are chiefly confined to the government offices , to avoid the trouble and inconvenience of making payments in silver by weight . Whatever be the value or denomination of the notes , the holder is at liberty to demand payment of the whole whenever he pleases , and receives it without abatement , as the banker makes his profit at the time of their issue . When notes are lost , payment is stopped , as here , and they are speedily traced , as it is the practice not to take notes of a high value — say , 100 dollars — without first inquiring at the bank as to their genuineness . But no indemnification is made for notes lost or destroyed by accident . Promissory-notes are the chief medium of interchange among merchants , who take ten days ’ grace on all bills , except those on which is written the word ‘ immediate . ’ The rates of interest are , on lands and houses , from 10 to 15 per cent . ; on government deposits , which the people are made to take at times against their will , 8 per cent . ; on insurance of ships and cargoes , owing to the risk from storms and pirates , from 20 to 30 per cent . ; on pawnbrokers ’ loans , 2 per cent . per month , or 20 per cent . per annum . Five days ’ grace is allowed on pledges ; and if goods be not redeemed within three years , they are made over to the old clothes ’ shops at a settled premium of 20 per cent . on the amount lent on them . Pawnbrokers ’ establishments are numerous , and are frequented by all classes , who pawn without scruple anything they may possess . The banks , we are informed , ‘ keep up an intimate connection with the pawnbrokers , who make and receive all their payments in notes for copper cash , and will not take sycee , dollars , or dollar-notes — the former , lest they should prove counterfeit , and the latter , on account of the fluctuating value . They are very particular in passing the bank-notes , and will accept only those of the large banks . A notice is hung up in each shop , specifying what notes pass current with them ; and when the people go to redeem the articles they have pledged , as they can present only those notes in payment , they have often to repair previously to the bank where they are issued , to purchase them , and , being at a premium , the banker thus gains his discount upon them . Of such importance is this considered , that , without the support of the pawnbrokers ’ connection , the business of a banker will always be limited . Indeed , many of the banks keep pawnbrokers ’ shops also ; and the chief banker at Fuhchow is known to have opened no less than five of these establishments . This is on account of the high interest paid on pawnbrokers ’ loans . ’ THINGS TALKED OF IN LONDON . May , 1852 . As May of last year was made memorable by the opening of the Great Exhibition , so will the present month become famous for the pulling down of the Crystal Palace . Parliament has decreed it , and there is an end of the matter . If the people by and by find reason to complain of the proceeding , they will have no one to blame but themselves ; because , had they spoken out as only a whole nation can speak , the decision of the legislature would have been on the other side of the question . We are promised , however , that it shall be re-erected on some other site , and herein must solace ourselves for disappointment at the removal , while waiting for the National Exhibition to be opened at Cork , or that of the Arts and Manufactures of the Indian Empire promised by the Society of Arts . Besides this , the present May will be noteworthy in the annals of ocean steam-navigation : the steamers to Australia are to commence their trips , as also those to Brazil and Valparaiso . Who would have dreamed , twenty years ago , that the redoubtable Cape Horn would , before a quarter century had expired , be rounded by a steamer from an English port ? Captain Denham is about to sail in the Herald , to survey the islands of the great ocean , one object being to find the best route and coaling-stations among the islands for steamers from the Isthmus to Sydney . The vessel will carry an interpreter , a supply of English seeds and plants , and a number of articles , to serve as presents for the natives . Should this survey be successful , and the United States ’ expedition to Japan produce the effect anticipated , the vast solitudes of the Pacific will be erelong continually echoing with the beat of paddle-wheels and the roar of steam . Rapid intercommunication will bring about changes , whereat politicians and ethnologists shall wonder . The Chinese still keep pouring into California by shiploads of 200 or 300 at a time , where they will perhaps learn that a year of Anglo-Saxondom is ‘ worth cycle of Cathay . ’ We may regard as evidence of progress , that Loo-choo has been visited by Captain Shadwell of the Sphynx ; he was received with great favour , and conducted to the royal city of Shooi , three miles inland . Readers of Captain Basil Hall 's pleasant account of the same island will remember , that he was jealously forbidden to approach the interior . Do the Loo-chooans want to conciliate an ally ? If , as is said , Japan is to become to the Americans what India is to us , we shall have them for neighbours in the east , as we now have them in the west . It will be an interesting event should England , America , and Russia some day meet on the Asiatic continent . One good effect of railways , as you know , has been to cheapen coal , and excite activity in heretofore dormant mining districts — results which tell upon the trade in sea-borne coals . To meet this emergency , a scheme is on foot for sending coal from the Tyne to the Thames in steam-colliers , which , by their short and regular passages , shall compete successfully with the railways . The experiment is well worth trying , and ought to pay , if properly managed : meantime , our railways will extend their ramifications . Looking for a moment at what is doing in other parts of the world , it appears that there are at present 2000 miles of railway in France , besides as much more which is to be completed in four years . Portugal is only just beginning to think of iron routes : a few wakeful people are trying to impress that backward land with a sense of the advantages of rapid locomotion ; and it is shewn that , by a simple system of railways , Lisbon would be placed at sixteen hours ’ distance from Madrid , forty-three from Paris , fifty-three from Brussels , and fifty-seven from London . Would it not be a comfort to be able to run away from the north-east monsoon , which has so long afflicted us , to the orange groves on the banks of the Tagus , in about two days and a half ? A telegraph is about to be carried from the Austrian States over the Splugen into Switzerland — the Alps , it would appear , being no bar to the thought-flasher . There is a project , too , for a regular and universal dispatch of telegraph messages from all parts of the world . A mail and telegraph route from the Mississippi across to San Francisco is talked about . The proposer considers that post-houses might be erected at every twenty miles across the American continent , in which companies of twenty men of the United States ’ army might be stationed , to protect and facilitate the intercommunication ; news would then find its way across in six or seven days . Should this scheme fail to be realised , the Americans may content themselves with having nearly 11 , 000 miles of railway already open , and another 11 , 000 in progress . A beginning is made towards the abolition of the duty on foreign books imported . Government have consented that certain learned societies , and a number of scientific individuals , shall receive , duty free , such scientific publications as may be sent to them from abroad . Considering that the whole amount realised by the present customs ’ charge is only L. 8000 , it is easy to believe that the authorities will shortly have to abolish it altogether . Another question in which books are concerned , is the dispute that has been going on for some time among the fraternity of booksellers , as to whether a retailer shall be allowed to sell books for any price he pleases , or not . Whether ‘ free-trade ’ or ‘ monopoly ’ is to prevail , will depend on the decision of the arbitrators who have been chosen . Leaving out all the rest of the kingdom , there are nearly 1000 booksellers in London ; so the subject is an important one . This number affords a notable datum for comparison with other countries . In Germany , the number of booksellers is 2651 , of which 2200 are retailers , 400 publishers only , while 451 combine the two . They are distributed — 36 in Frankfort , 56 in Stuttgart , 52 in Vienna , 129 in Berlin , 145 in Leipsic . The figures are suggestive . Another fact may be instanced : in 1851 the number of visits to the British Museum for reading was 78 , 419 — giving an average of 269 per day , the room having been open during 292 days . The number of books consulted was 424 , 851 , or 1455 daily . This is an agreeable view of what one part of society is doing ; but there is a reverse to the picture , as shewn in a recently published parliamentary report , from which it appears that in 1849 the juvenile offenders in England numbered 6849 — in Wales , 73 — of whom 167 were transported ; in 1850 , the numbers were respectively 6988 , 82 , 184 , shewing an increase under each head . Of the whole number in confinement last November , 169 were under thirteen years of age , and 568 under sixteen : 205 had been in prison once before , 90 twice , 49 three times , 85 four times and upwards ; 329 had lost one parent , 103 both parents ; 327 could not read , and 554 had not been brought up to any settled employment . These facts may be taken as demonstrative of the necessity for multiplying reformatory agricultural schools , such as have been established in various parts of the continent with the happiest effects . Among the prizes just announced by the French Acad é mie , is one for ‘ the best work on the state of pauperism in France , and the means of remedying it , ’ to be adjudged in 1853 . It is greatly to be wished that some gifted mind would arise capable of taking a proper survey of so grave a question , and bringing it to a practical and satisfactory solution . Some people are beginning to ask , whether it would not be better , with the proceeds of poor-rates , to send paupers to colonies which are scant of labourers , rather than to expend the money in keeping them at home . The Acad é mie of Literature , too , has offered a prize for an essay on the parliamentary eloquence of England — a significant fact in a country where the legislature is not permitted to be eloquent , and where forty-nine provincial papers have died since the 2d of December . Coming again to science : the judicial savants have awarded a medal to Mr Hind for his discovery of some two or three of the minor planets — an acknowledgment of merit which will not fail of good results in more ways than one . Various scientific matters , which are deserving of a passing notice , have come before the same learned body . Matteucci , who has been steadily pursuing his electro-chemical labours , now states that with certain liquids and a single metal he can form a pile , the electro-magnetic and electro-chemical effects of which are much greater than those obtained with the old piles of Volta and Wollaston , and come nearer to those of the batteries of Bunsen and Grove . As yet , he withholds the particulars , but they will shortly be forthcoming . M. Dureau de la Malle , in remarks on the breeding of fish , a subject which has of late occupied much attention in France , says , that he has now discovered the reason ‘ why domestic servants in Holland and Scotland , when taking a situation , stipulate that they shall not be made to eat salmon more than three times a week ; ’ it is , the insipid taste of young salmon . It is safe to say , that however much M. de la Malle may know about fish , he knows but little of the habits of the countries to which he refers . M. Yvart mentions a fact that may be useful to graziers — the breed of cattle has been improved in France by the introduction of the Durham bull ; but , as experience has shewn , it is at the expense of certain qualities deemed essential on the other side of the Channel . Here , we require meat as speedily as possible in young animals for consumption in our great towns ; there , the great rural population use milk largely , and keep the animals longer before they are killed . The quantity of milk , it appears , is materially reduced in the Durham breed , and on this account M. Yvart suggests , that it should not be too much encouraged . Then there is something about dogs by Messrs Gruby and Delafond , who shew that the worms which have long been known to exist in the larger blood-vessels of certain dogs , are the parents of the almost innumerable filaria or microscopic worms , found circulating also in the veins . The number generally in one dog is estimated at 52 , 000 , though at times it is more than 200 , 000 ; and being smaller than the blood-globules , the creatures penetrate the minutest blood-vessels . They are met with on the average in one dog in twenty-five , though most frequent in the adult and old , and without distinction of sex or race . The examination of the phenomenon is to be continued , with a view to ascertain whether dogs infested with these blood-worms are subject to any peculiar disease . More interesting is the account of a successful case of transfusion of blood in the human subject , performed in presence of the ablest surgeons of Paris . A woman was taken to the H ô tel Dieu reduced by hemorrhage to the last stage of weakness , unable to speak , to open her eyes , or to draw back her tongue when put out . The basilic vein was opened , and the point of a syringe , warmed to the proper temperature , was introduced , charged with blood drawn from the same vein in the arm of one of the assistants . The quantity , 180 grammes , was injected in 2-1 / 2 minutes , after which the wound was dressed , and the patient placed in a comfortable position . Gradually , the beatings of the pulse rose from 130 to 138 , and became firmer ; the action of the heart increased in energy ; the eyes opened with a look of intelligence ; and the tongue could be advanced and withdrawn with facility , and regained its redness . On the following day , there was a little delirium , after which the pulse fell to 90 , the signs of vitality acquired strength , and at the end of a week the woman left the hospital restored to health . Cases of successful transfusion are so rare , that it is not surprising the one here recorded should have excited attention among our physiologists . People inclined to corpulence may profit by M. Dancel 's observations on the development of fat . He says , that some of his patients , whose obesity was a constant inconvenience and cause of disease , ‘ lost very notably of their embonpoint by a change in their alimentary regimen — abstaining almost entirely from vegetables , feculent substances , diminishing their quantity of drink , and increasing , when necessary , their portion of meat . ’ On another , subject , M. Gu é rin M é neville believes he has found a new cochineal insect ( Coccus fab æ) on the common bean , which grows wild in the south of France , and in such abundance , that a considerable quantity may be collected in a short time . The yield of colouring matter is of such amount , that a project is talked of for cultivating the plant extensively . A communication has been made to the Geological Society at Paris by M. de Hauslab , on a subject which has from time to time occupied the thoughts of those who study the physique of the planet on which we live — namely , the origin of the present state of our globe , and its crystal-like cleavage . After a few preliminary remarks about mountains , rocks , dikes and their line of direction , he shews that the globe presents the form approximately of a great octahedron ( eight-sided figure ) ; and further , that the three axial planes which such a form necessitates , may be described by existing circles round the earth : the first being Himalaya and Chimborazo ; starting from Cape Finisterre , passing to India , Borneo , the eastern range of Australia , New Zealand , across to South America , Caracas , the Azores , and so round to Finisterre . The second runs in the opposite direction ; includes the Andes , Rocky Mountains , crosses Behring 's Strait to Siberia , thence to the Alta ï, Hindostan , Madagascar , Cape Colony , and ending again at the Andes of Brazil . The third , which cuts the two former at right angles , proceeds from the Alps , traverses the Mediterranean by Corsica and Sardinia to the mountains of Fezzan , through Central Africa to the Cape , on to Kerguelen 's Land , Blue Mountains of Australia , Spitzbergen , Scandinavia , and completing itself in the Alps , from whence it started . These circles shew the limits of the faces of the huge crystal , and may be divided into others , comprising forty-eight in the whole . The views thus set forth exhibit much ingenuity ; and when we consider that metals crystallise in various forms , and native iron in the octahedral , there is much to be said in their favour . We shall probably not be long before hearing of another gold field , for Dr Barth writes from the interior of Africa , that grains of the precious metal have been found in two rivers which flow into Lake Tchad , and that the mountains in the neighbourhood abound with it . Should the first discovery be verified by further explorations , gold will be more abundant than it now promises to be , and Africa perhaps the richest source of supply . Apropos of this continent , a French traveller is about to prove from the results of a journey from the Cape towards the equator , that the Carthaginian discoveries had been pushed much further towards the south than is commonly supposed . Agassiz , who , as you know , has become a citizen of the United States , has had the Cuvierian prize awarded to him for his great work on fossil fishes — an honour approved by every lover of science . This distinguished writer says , in his latest publications on fossil zoology , that the number of fossil fishes distributed over the globe is more than 25 , 000 species ; of mammifera , over 3000 ; reptiles , over 4000 ; shells , more than 40 , 000 ; numbers which greatly exceed all former calculation . Of other American items , there is one worthy the notice of apiarians : some emigrants who sailed from Boston wished to convey a hive of bees to the Sandwich Islands , where the industrious insects have not as yet been introduced ; all went well until the vessel reached the tropics , and there the heat was so great as to melt the wax of the combs , and consequently to destroy the bees . Lieutenant Hunt , of the American Coast Survey , states that copper-plate engravings may be copied on stone ; specimens are to appear in the forthcoming report . To quote his description : ‘ A copper-plate being duly engraved , it is inked , and an impression taken on transfer-paper . A good paper , which wetting does not expand , is needed , and a fatty coating is used in the process . The transfer-paper impression is laid on the smooth stone , and run through a press . It is then wetted , heated , and stripped off from the stone , leaving the ink and fat on its face . The heated fat is softly brushed away , leaving only the ink-lines . From this reversed impression on the stone , the printing is performed just as in ordinary lithography . A good transfer produces from 3000 to 5000 copies . Thus prints from a single copper-plate can be infinitely multiplied , the printing being , moreover , much cheaper than copper-plate . ’ IN EXPECTATION OF DEATH .— CONSTANTIA . When I was young , my lover stole One of my ringlets fair : I wept — ‘ Ah no ! Those always part , Who having once changed heart for heart , Change also locks of hair . ‘ And wonder-opened eyes have seen The spirits of the dead , Gather like motes in silent bands Round hair once reft by tender hands From some now shrouded head . ‘ If ’ —— Here he closed my quivering mouth , And where the curl had lain , Laid payment rich for what he stole :— Could I to one hour crush life 's whole , I 'd live that hour again ! My golden curls are silvering o'er — Who heeds ? The seas roll wide ; When one I know their bounds shall pass , There 'll be no tresses — save long grass — For his hands to divide ; While I shall lie , low , deep , a-cold , And never hear him tread : Whether he weep , or sigh , or moan , I shall be passive as a stone , He living , and I — dead ! And then he will rise up and go , With slow steps , looking back , Still — going : leaving me to keep My frozen and eternal sleep , Beneath the earth so black . Pale brow — oft leant against his brow : Dear hand — where his lips lay ; Dim eyes , that knew not they were fair , Till his praise made them half they were — Must all these pass away ? Must nought of mine be left for him Save the poor curl he stole ? Round which this wildly-loving me Will float unseen continually , A disembodied soul . A soul ! Glad thought — that lightning-like Leaps from this cloud of doom : If , living , all its load of clay Keeps not my spirit from him away , Thou canst not , cruel tomb ! The moment that these earth-chains burst , Like an enfranchised dove , O'er seas and lands to him I fly , Whom only , whether I live or die , I loved , love , and shall love . I 'll wreathe around him — he shall breathe My life instead of air ; In glowing sunbeams o'er his head My visionary hands I 'll spread , And kiss his forehead fair . I 'll stand , an angel bold and strong , Between his soul and sin ; If Grief lie stone-like on his heart , I 'll beat its marble doors apart , To let Peace enter in . He never more shall part from me , Nor I from him abide ; Let these poor limbs in earth find rest ! I 'll live like Love within his breast , Rejoicing that I died . WATER . Some four-fifths of the weight of the human body are nothing but water . The blood is just a solution of the body in a vast excess of water — as saliva , mucus , milk , gall , urine , sweat , and tears are the local and partial infusions effected by that liquid . All the soft solid parts of the frame may be considered as ever temporary precipitates or crystallisations ( to use the word but loosely ) from the blood , that mother-liquor of the whole body ; always being precipitated or suffered to become solid , and always being redissolved , the forms remaining , but the matter never the same for more than a moment , so that the flesh is only a vanishing solid , as fluent as the blood itself . It has also to be observed , that every part of the body , melting again into the river of life continually as it does , is also kept perpetually drenched in blood by means of the blood-vessels , and more than nine-tenths of that wonderful current is pure water . Water plays as great a part , indeed , in the economy of that little world , the body of man , as it still more evidently does in the phenomenal life of the world at large . Three-fourths of the surface of the earth is ocean ; the dry ground is dotted with lakes , its mountain-crests are covered with snow and ice , its surface is irrigated by rivers and streams , its edges are eaten by the sea ; and aqueous vapour is unceasingly ascending from the ocean and inland surfaces through the yielding air , only to descend in portions and at intervals in dews and rains , hails and snows . Water is not only the basis of the juices of all the plants and animals in the world ; it is the very blood of nature , as is well known to all the terrestrial sciences ; and old Thales , the earliest of European speculators , pronounced it the mother-liquid of the universe . In the later systems of the Greeks , indeed , it was reduced to the inferior dignity of being only one of the four parental natures — fire , air , earth , and water ; but water was the highest — [ Greek : ud ô r men ariston ] — in rank .— Westminster Review . LOTTERY OF DEATH . The Polish and German peasantry have given the authorities at Posen considerable trouble by their inquiries respecting a ‘ Rothschild 's Lottery . ’ They have been led to believe , that the ‘ great Rothschild ’ has been sentenced to be beheaded ; but that he has been allowed to procure a substitute , if he can , by lottery ! For this purpose , a sum of many millions is devoted , all the tickets to be prizes of 3000 thalers each , except one ; that fatal number is a blank ; and whoever draws it , is to be decapitated instead of the celebrated banker ! Notwithstanding the risk , the applicants for shares have been numerous . [ There is nothing surprising in the number of applications for these shares . Every man who enters the army in wartime , takes out a ticket in a similar lottery . In China , human life is of still less account ; for there it is easy for a condemned criminal , whose escape the authorities are willing to connive at , to obtain a substitute , who , for a sum of money , suffers death in his stead .] A MAN FOR THE WORLD . A successful merchant in New Zealand , a Scotchman , commenced business with the following characteristic entry on the first page of his ledger :— ‘ Commenced business this day — with no money — little credit — and L. 70 in debt . Faint heart never won fair lady . Set a stout heart to a stay ( steep ) brae . God save the Queen ! ’ Just Published , Price 6d . Paper Cover , CHAMBERS 'S POCKET MISCELLANY : forming a LITERARY COMPANION for the RAILWAY , the FIRESIDE , or the BUSH . VOLUME VI . To be continued in Monthly Volumes . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & Co ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .