CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 451 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , AUGUST 21 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . WHO SHALL RULE THE WAVES ? A contest of a very remarkable kind is now going on , one which is pregnant with important results in respect to commerce , to naval architecture , to geographical discovery , to colonisation , to the spread of intelligence , to the improvement of industrial art , and to the balance of political power among nations . The nature of this contest cannot be better made intelligible than by giving the words of a challenge recently put forth : ‘ The American Navigation Company challenge the ship-builders of Great Britain to a ship-race , with cargo on board , from a port in England to a port in China and back . One ship to be entered by each party , and to be named within a week of the start . The ships to be modelled , commanded , and officered entirely by citizens of the United States and Great Britain respectively ; to be entitled to rank “ A 1 ” either at the American offices or at Lloyd 's . The stakes to be L. 10 , 000 , and satisfactorily secured by both parties ; to be paid without regard to accidents , or to any exceptions ; the whole amount forfeited by either party not appearing . Judges to be mutually chosen . Reasonable time to be given after notice of acceptance , to build the ships , if required , and also for discharging and loading cargo in China . The challenged party may name the size of the ships — not under 800 nor over 1200 American register tons ; the weight and measurement which may be carried each way ; and the allowance for short weight or oversize . ’ There is a boldness , a straightforwardness , an honesty in this challenge , which cannot be mistaken . It is difficult to be interpreted in any other sense than that the challengers mean what they say . Brother Jonathan has fairly thrown down the gauntlet to the Britishers , and it behoves the latter to take it up in a becoming spirit . Our ship-builders , especially on the Dee , the Clyde , the Wear , the Mersey , and the Thames , ought to feel that much is now expected from them ; for if once the Yankees obtain a reputation — a European reputation it will then be — for outstripping British ships on the broad seas , our ship-owners will assuredly feel the effects in a commercial sense . This question of the speed of ships is a very curious one . Empirical rules , rather than scientific principles , have hitherto determined the forms which shall be given to ships . Smith adopts a certain form because Brown 's ship sailed well , whereas Jones 's differently shaped vessel was a bad sailer ; although Smith , Brown , and Jones collectively may be little able to shew why one of the vessels should sail better than the other . If opportunity should occur to the reader to visit a large ship-building establishment , such as those on any one of the five rivers named above , he will see something like the following routine of operation going on :— There is , first , the ‘ ship 's draughtsman , ’ whose duties are somewhat analogous to those of the architect of a house , or the engineer of a railway , or the scientific cutter at a fashionable tailor 's : he has to shape the materials out of which the structure is to be built up , or at least he has to shew others how it is to be done . When the ship-builder has received an order , we will say , to construct a ship , and has ascertained for what route , and for what purpose , and of what size it is to be , he and his ship 's draughtsman ‘ lay their heads together ’ to devise such an arrangement of timbers as will meet the requirements of the case . Here it is that a science of ship-building would be valuable ; the practical rules followed are deductions not so much from general principles as from accumulated facts which are waiting to be systematised ; and until this process has been carried further , ship-building will be an art , but not a science . Well , then ; the draughtsman , gathering up all the crumbs of knowledge obtainable from various quarters , puts his wisdom upon paper in the form of drawings and diagrams , to represent not only the dimensions of the vessel , but the sizes and shapes of the principal timbers which are to form it , on the scale , perhaps , of a quarter of an inch to a foot . Then this very responsible personage goes to his ‘ mould-loft , ’ on the wide-spreading floor of which he chalks such a labyrinth of lines as bewilder one even to look at . These lines represent the actual sizes and shapes of the different parts of the ship , with curvatures and taperings of singularly varied character . One floor of one room thus contains full-sized contours of all the timbers for the ship . So far , then , the draughtsman . Next , under his supervision , thin planks of deal are cut to the contours of all these chalk-lines ; and these thin pieces , called moulds , are intended to guide the sawyers in cutting the timbers for the ship . A large East Indiaman requires more than a hundred mould-pieces , chalked and marked in every direction . Another skilful personage , called the ‘ converter , ’ then makes a tour of the timber-yard , and looks about for all the odd , crooked , crabbed trunks of oak and elm which he can find ; well knowing that if the natural curvature of a tree accords somewhat with the required curvature of a ship 's timber , the timber will be stronger than if cut from a straight trunk . He has the mould-pieces for a guide , and searches until he has ferreted out all the timbers wanted . Then he sets the sawyers to work , who , with the mould-pieces always at hand , shape the large trunks to the required form . And here it may be noted as a remarkable fact , that although we live in such a steam-engine and machine-working age , very few engines or machines afford aid in sawing ships ’ timbers . The truth seems to be , that the curvatures are so numerous and varied , that machine-sawing would scarcely be applicable . Yet attempts are from time to time made to construct such machines . Mr Cochran has invented one ; and it is said that at the Earl of Rosse 's first soir é e as president of the Royal Society , a model of this timber-cutting machine was exhibited ; that Prince Albert cut a miniature timber with it ; and that he thus began an apprenticeship to the national art of ship-building . Leaving the supposed visitor to a ship-yard to trace the timbers through all their stages of progress , we will proceed with that which is more directly the object of the present paper — namely , the relation of speed to build . Some sixteen or eighteen years ago , the British Association rightly conceived that its Mechanical Section would be worthily occupied in an inquiry concerning the forms of ships , and the effect of form on the speed and steadiness . The inquiry was intrusted to Mr Scott Russell and Mr ( afterwards Sir John ) Robison ; and admirably has it been carried out . Mr Scott Russell , especially , has sought to establish something like a science of form in ship-building — precisely the thing which would supply a proper basis for the artificers . It is interesting to see how , year after year , this committee of two persons narrated the result of their unbought and unpaid labours to the Association . In 1838 and 1839 , they shewed how a solid moving in the water produced a particular kind of wave ; how , at a certain velocity , the solid might ride on the top of the wave , without sinking into the hollow ; how , if the external form of a vessel bore a certain resemblance to a section of this wave , the ship would encounter less resistance in the water than any other form ; and thus originated the wave principle — so much talked of in connection with ship-building . A ship built on that principle in that year ( 1839 ) was believed to be the fastest ship in Britain . In 1840 , the committee stated that they had ‘ consulted the most eminent ship-builders as to the points upon which they most wanted information , and requested them to point out what were the forms of vessel which they would wish to have tried . More than 100 models of vessels of various sizes , from 30 inches to 25 feet in length , were constructed , ’ and an immense mass of experiments were made on them . In 1841 , they described how they had experimented on vessels of every size , from models of 30 inches in length to vessels of 1300 tons . In the next following year , the committee presented a report of no fewer than 20 , 000 experiments on models and ships , some of which afforded remarkable confirmation of the efficiency of the wave principle in ship-building . Thus the committee went on , year after year , detailing to the Association the results of their experiments , and pointing out how the ship-builders were by degrees giving practical value to these results . Now , a country in which a scientific society will spend a thousand pounds on such an inquiry , and in which scientific men will give up days and weeks of their time to it without fee or reward , ought not to be beaten on the broad seas by any competitor . It affords an instructive confirmation of the results arrived at by the committee , that when some of our swiftest yachts and clippers came to be carefully examined , it was found that the wave principle had been to a great extent adopted in their form , in cases even where the vessels were built before the labours of the committee had commenced . The art had in this case preceded the science . And let it not be considered that any absurdity is involved here : farmers manured their fields long before chemists were able to explain the real nature of manuring ; and so in other arts , ingenious practical men often discover useful processes before the men of science can give the rationale of those processes . It may be all very well to assert , that ‘ Britannia rules the waves , ’ and that ‘ Britons never will be slaves , ’ and so forth ; only let us prove the assertions to be true , or not assert at all . We must appeal to the ‘ Shipping Intelligence ’ which comes to hand from every side , and determine , from actual facts , whether any one country really outsails another . Among the facts which thus present themselves to notice , is one relating to clippers . Who first gave the name of clipper to a ship , or what the name means , we do not know ; but a clipper is understood to be a vessel so shaped as to sail faster than other vessels of equal tonnage . It is said that these swift sailers originated in the wants of the salmon shippers , and others at our eastern ports . A bulky , slow-moving ship may suffice for the conveyance to London of the minerals and manufactures of Northumberland and Durham ; but salmon and other perishable articles become seriously deteriorated by a long voyage ; and hence it is profitable in such case to sacrifice bulk to speed . Leith , Dundee , and especially Aberdeen , are distinguished for the speed of their vessels above those of the Tyne and the Wear ; and the above facts probably explain the cause of the difference . The Aberdeen clipper is narrow , very keen and penetrating in front , gracefully tapering at the stern , and altogether calculated to ‘ go ahead ’ through the water in rapid style . As compared with one of the ordinary old-fashioned English coasting brigs of equal tonnage , an Aberdeen clipper will attain nearly double the speed . One of these fine vessels , the Chrysolite , in a recent voyage from China , traversed 320 nautical miles ( nearly 370 English statute miles ) in twenty-four hours : this was a great performance . But it must not be forgotten , that the United States claim to have attained a high ship-speed before England had thought much on the matter ; the Baltimore clippers have long been known on the other side of the Atlantic as dashing , rapid , little vessels , mostly either single or double-masted . It is to the opening of the China trade the present wonderful rivalry may in great part be attributed . So long as European vessels were cooped up stagnantly in Canton river , and allowed to trade only under circumstances of great restriction and annoyance , little was effected except by the tea-drinking denizens of Great Britain ; but when , by the treaty of Nankin in 1842 , Sir Henry Pottinger obtained the opening of the four ports of Amoy , Foo-tchow-foo , Ning-po , and Shang-hae , and stipulated that foreign vessels should be allowed to share with those of England the liberty of trading at those ports , there was a great impetus given to ship-builders and ship-owners : those who had goods to sell , thus found a new market for them ; and those who could perform the voyage most quickly , would have a quicker return for their capital . This , following at an interval of seven or eight years the changes made in the India trade by the East India Company 's charter of 1834 , brought the Americans and the French and others into the Indian seas in great numbers . Then came the wonders of 1847 , in the discovery of Californian gold ; and those of 1851 , in the similar discoveries in Australia . Now , these four dates — 1834 , 1842 , 1847 , 1851 — may be considered as four starting-points , each marked by a renewed conquest of man over the waves , and a strengthened but not hostile rivalry on the seas between nation and nation . So many inducements are now afforded to merchants to transact their dealings rapidly , that the ship-builders are beset on all sides with demands for more speed — more speed ; and it is significant to observe that , in almost every recent newspaper account of a ship-launch , we are told how many knots an hour she is expected to attain when fitted . Every ship seems to beat every other ship , in the glowing language employed ; but after making a little allowance for local vanity , there is a substratum of correctness which shews strongly how we are advancing in rate of speed . It will really now become useful to collect and preserve records of speed at sea , in connection with particular ships of particular build , as a guide to future construction . Mr Henry Wise published a volume about 1840 , containing an analysis of one hundred voyages , made by ships belonging to the East India Company , extracted from the ships ’ logs preserved by the Company . It appears that an average gave 112 days as the duration of a voyage from London to Bombay . Now , within the last few months we have seen that the Chrysolite , a small clipper , built at Aberdeen for a Liverpool firm , has made the run from England to China in 104 days ; and the Stornoway , built at the same place for a London firm , has accomplished the distance in 103 days . Let the reader open his map , and compare the relative distances of Bombay and China from England , and he will then see what a wonderful increase of speed is implied in the above numbers . Three American clippers were sighted during the out and home voyages of the two vessels , and , if newspaper reports tell truly , were distanced by them . We must not expect that the vast and unprecedented emigration to California and Australia now going on , will be designedly and materially connected with high speed , because most of the emigrants go in roomy ships , at fares as low as are attainable ; but goods-traffic , and the higher class of passenger-traffic , are every month coming more and more within the domain of high speed . Let us take two instances which 1852 has afforded , one furnished by England , and one by America — one connected with the Australian trade , and one with the Chinese . The Aberdeen clipper-built barque , Phoenician , arrived at Plymouth on February 3 , having left Sydney on November 12 , and performed the voyage in 83 days ! Her previous voyages had varied from 88 to 103 days . The other instance is that of the American clipper , Witch of the Wave , a fine vessel of 1400 tons burden , which left Canton on 5th January , and arrived in the Downs on 4th April , a period of 90 days . Her greatest speed is said to have been 338 nautical miles — equivalent to about 389 English miles — in 24 hours . Thus it is , we find , that in one voyage we beat the Americans — in another , they outstrip us ; and there seems at present no reason why either country should fail in making still further advances . The Liverpool and New York packet-trade affords another example of the same principle which we have been considering ; gradually these truly noble vessels are acquiring an increased rate of speed . Not only does the general desire for high speed impel their owners to this , but there is a more direct incentive in the increased rivalry of steam-vessels . The American ‘ liners , ’ as the sailing-packets on this route are usually called , have had in past years an average of about 36 days outward passage , and 24 days homeward ; but they are now shooting ahead unmistakably . The Racer , built at New York in 1851 , and placed upon the Liverpool station , is a magnificent clipper of 1700 tons register ; it made its first voyage from New York to Liverpool in 14 days — a quickness not only exceeding that of its predecessors , but leaving nearly all of them many days in arrear . Even this , however , was shortly afterwards excelled ; for another new clipper , the Washington , accomplished the distance in a little over 13-1 / 2 days . The pleasure-vessels which are so numerous in the south of England , belonging to the several yacht-clubs , are sharing in the modern speed-producing improvements observable in other vessels . Every one has heard of the yacht America , which arrived at Cowes from the United States in July 1851 , and of the challenge which her owners threw out against English yacht-owners . Every one knows that the America beat the yachts which were fitted against her . This victory has led to an immense activity on the part of yacht-builders in England ; they are studying all the peculiarities in the build and the trim of the yachts belonging to the different ports and different countries ; and we are justified by every analogy in expecting , that good results will spring out of wits thus sharpened . Although we have not deemed it necessary in the present paper to touch on the national struggle between steam-ships , we must not forget that one of the most promising and valuable features in steam navigation arose as an appendage to sailing . The auxiliary screw will deserve the blessings of our colonists , for reasons which may be soon told . When it was yet uncertain what result would mark the contest Screw v. Paddle , it was suggested that the screw-propeller might probably be used as an auxiliary power , for occasional use during calms and contrary winds ; the vessel to be a sailing-vessel under ordinary circumstances ; but to have a marine engine and a screw for exigencies at times when the ship would be brought to a stand-still or even driven backwards . About seven years ago , an American packet-ship , the Massachusetts , a complete sailing-vessel in other respects , was provided with a screw and a steam-engine powerful enough to keep the ship moving when winds and tides were adverse ; the screw was capable of being lifted out of the water when not in use . In her first voyage from Liverpool to America , this ship gained from five to thirteen days as compared with five other ships which sailed either on the same or the following day . This experiment was deemed so far successful , that the Admiralty ordered , in 1846 , an auxiliary screw to be fitted to the Amphion frigate , then building at Woolwich . Another example was the Sarah Sands , an iron ship of 1300 tons ; she had engines of 180 horse-power , much below that requisite for an ordinary steamer of the same size . She could carry three classes of passengers , coal for the whole voyage , and 900 tons of merchandise . She made four voyages in 1847 , two out and two home ; and in 1848 she made five : her average time was about nineteen days out , and seventeen days home , and she usually passed about six liners on the voyage . The speed here mentioned is not quite equal to that of the truly remarkable clippers noticed above , but it far exceeded that of any liner at work in 1848 . The example was followed in other vessels ; and then men began to cherish the vision of a propeller screwing its way through the broad ocean to our distant colonies . From this humble beginning as an auxiliary , the screw has obtained a place of more and more dignity , until at length we see the mails for the Cape and for Australia intrusted confidently to its safe-keeping . The icy regions of the north are braved by the auxiliary screw . The little Isabel , fitted out almost entirely at the expense of Lady Franklin to aid in the search for her gallant husband , is a brigantine of 180 tons , with an auxiliary screw to ship and unship . The Intrepid and the Pioneer , the two screw-steamers which form part of Sir Edward Belcher 's arctic expedition — lately started from England — are to work with or without their auxiliary appendage as circumstances may determine . The present article , however , will shew that sailing is not less alive and busy than steaming ; and that the yachts and clippers of both nations are probably destined to a continuous series of improvements . When these improvements — whether by aid of scientific societies and laborious experiments , or by the watchful eye and the shrewd intelligence of ship-builders , or by both combined — have advanced steadily to a point perhaps far beyond that which we have yet attained , then , if at all , may we trouble ourselves about the question — ‘ Who shall rule the waves ? ’ NUMBER NINETEEN IN OUR STREET . Number Nineteen in our street is a gloomy house , with a blistered door and a cavernous step ; with a hungry area and a desolate frontage . The windows are like prison-slips , only a trifle darker , and a good deal dirtier ; and the kitchen-offices might stand proxies for the Black Hole of Calcutta , barring the company and the warmth . For as to company , black beetles , mice , and red ants , are all that are ever seen of animated nature there , and the thermometer rarely stands above freezing-point . Number Nineteen is a lodging-house , kept by a poor old maid , whose only friend is her cat , and whose only heirs will be the parish . With the outward world , excepting such as slowly filter through the rusty opening of the blistered door , Miss Rebecca Spong has long ceased to have dealings . She hangs a certain piece of cardboard , with ‘ Lodgings to Let , ’ printed in school-girl print , unconscious of straight lines , across it ; and this act of public notification , coupled with anxious peepings over the blinds of the parlour front , is all the intercourse which she and the world of men hold together . Every now and then , indeed , a mangy cab may be seen driving up to her worn-out step ; and dingy individuals , of the kind who travel about with small square boxes , covered with marbled paper , and secured with knotted cords of different sizes , may be witnessed taking possession of Nineteen , in a melancholy and mysterious way . But even these visitations , unsatisfactory as most lodging-house keepers would consider them , are few and far between ; for somehow the people who come and go never seem to have any friends or relations whereby Miss Spong may improve her ‘ connection . ’ You never see the postman stop at that desolate door ; you never hear a visitor 's knock on that rusty lion 's head ; no unnecessary traffic of social life ever takes place behind those dusty blinds ; it might be the home of a select party of Trappists , or the favourite hiding-place of coiners , for all the sunshine of external humanity that is suffered to enter those interior recesses . If a murder had been committed in every room , from the attics to the cellar , a heavier spell of solitude and desolation could not rest on its floors . One dreary afternoon in November , a cab stopped at Number Nineteen . It was a railway cab , less worn and ghastly than those vehicles in general , but not bringing much evidence of gaiety or wealth for all that . Its inmates were a widow and a boy of about fifteen ; and all the possessions they had with them were contained in one trunk of very moderate dimensions , a cage with a canary bird twittering inside , some pots of flowers , and a little white rabbit , one of the comical ‘ lop-eared ’ kind . There was something very touching in these evidences of the fresh country life which they had left for the dull atmosphere and steaming fogs of the metropolis . They told a sad tale of old associations broken , and old loves forsworn ; of days of comfort and prosperity exchanged for the dreariness of poverty ; and freedom , love , and happiness , all snapped asunder for the leaden chain of suffering to be forged instead . One could not help thinking of all those two hapless people must have gone through before they could have summoned courage to leave their own dear village , where they had lived so many years in that local honourableness of the clergyman 's family ; throwing themselves out of the society which knew and loved them , that they might enter a harsh world , where they must make their own position , and earn their own living , unaided by sympathy , honour , or affection . They looked as if they themselves thought something of this too , when they took possession of the desolate second floor ; and the widow sat down near her son , and taking his hand in hers , gave vent to a flood of tears , which ended by unmanning the boy as well . And then they shut up the window carefully , and nothing more was seen of them that night . Mrs Lawson , the widow , was a mild , lady-like person , whose face bore the marks of recent affliction , and whose whole appearance and manners were those of a loving , gentle , unenergetic , and helpless woman , whom sorrow could well crush beyond all power of resistance . The boy was a tall , thin youth , with a hectic flush and a hollow cough , eyes bright and restless , and as manifestly nervous as his mother was the reverse in temperament — anxious and restless , and continually taxing his strength beyond its power , making himself seriously ill in his endeavours to save his beloved mother some small trouble . They seemed to be very tenderly attached one to the other , and to supply to each all that was wanting in each : the mother 's gentleness soothing down her boy 's excitability , and the boy 's nervousness rousing the mother to exertion . They were interesting people — so lonely , apparently so unfit to ‘ rough it ’ in the world ; the mother so gentle in temper , and the son so frail in constitution — two people who ought to have been protected from all ill and all cares , yet who had such a bitter cup to empty , such a harsh fate to fulfil . They were very poor . The mother used to go out with a small basket on her arm , which could hold but scanty supplies for two full-grown people . Yet this was the only store they had ; for no baker , no butcher , no milkman , grocer , or poulterer , ever stopped at the area gate of Miss Rebecca Spong ; no purveyor of higher grade than a cat'shYpppHeNmeathYpppHeNman was ever seen to hand provisions into the depths of Number Nineteen 's darkness . The old maid herself was poor ; and she , too , used to do her marketing on the basket principle ; carrying home , generally at night , odd scraps from the open stalls in Tottenham Court-Road , which she had picked up as bargains ; and dividing equally between herself and her fagged servant-of-all-work the wretched meal which would not have been too ample for one . She therefore could not help her lodgers , and they all scrambled on over the desolate places of poverty as they best might . In general , tea , sugar , bread , a little rice , a little coffee as a change , a scrap of butter which no cow that ever yielded milk would have acknowledged — these were the usual items of Mrs Lawson 's marketing , on which she and her young son were to be nourished . And on such poor fare as this was that pale boy expected to become a hearty man ? The mother could not , did not expect it . Else why were the tears in her eyes so often as she returned ? and why did she hang over her son , and caress him fondly , as if in deprecation , when she brought him his wretched meal , seeming to lament , to blame herself , too , that she had not been able to provide him anything better ? Poor things ! poor things ! Mrs Lawson seemed at last to get some employment . She had been seeking for it long — to judge by her frequent absences from home , and the weary look of disappointment she wore when she returned . But at last the opening was found , and she set to work in earnest . She used to go out early in the morning , and not return until late in the evening , and then she looked pale and tired , as one whose energies had been overtasked all the day ; but she had found no gold-mine . The scanty meals were even scantier than before , and her shabby mourning was getting shabbier and duller . She was evidently hard-worked for very little pay ; and their condition was not improved , only sustained by her exertions . Things seemed to be very bad with them altogether , and with little hope of amendment ; for poor Mrs Lawson had been ‘ brought up as a lady , ’ and so was doubly incapable — by education as well as by temperament — of gaining her own living . She was now employed as daily governess in the family of a city tradesman — people , who though they were kindly-natured enough , had as much as they could do in keeping their own fortunes afloat without giving any substantial aid to others , and who had therefore engaged her at the lowest possible salary , such as was barely sufficient to keep her and her son from absolute want . The boy had long been very busy . He used to sit by the window all the day , earnestly employed with paper and scissors ; and I wondered what fascinating occupation he had found to chain him for so many hours by those chinks and draughts ; for he was usually enveloped in shawls , and blankets were hung about his chair , and every tender precaution taken that he should not increase his sickness by exposure even to the ordinary changes in the temperature of a dwelling-room . But now , in spite of his terrible cough , in spite of his hurried breathing , he used to sit for hours on hours by the dusky window , cutting and cutting at that eternal paper , as if his very life depended on his task . But he used to gather up the cuttings carefully , and hide all out of sight before his mother came home — sometimes nearly caught before quite prepared , when he used to shew as much trepidation as if committing a crime . This went on for some time , and at last he went out . It was fortunately a fine day — a clear , cold , January day ; but he had no sooner breathed the brisk frosty air than a terrible fit of coughing seemed to threaten his frail existence . He did not turn back though ; and I watched him slowly pass down the street , holding on by the rails , and every now and then stopping to take breath . I saw a policeman speak to him in a grave , compassionating way , as if — seeing that he was so young and feeble , and so much a stranger that he was asking his way to Oxford Street , while going in a totally contrary direction — he was advising him to go home , and to let some one else do his business — his father perhaps ; but the boy only smiled , and shook his head in a hopeful way ; and so he went from my sight , though not from my thoughts . This continued daily , sometimes Herbert bringing home a small quantity of money , sometimes only disappointment ; and these were terrible trials ! At last , the mother was made acquainted with her son 's new mode of life , by the treasured 5s . which the poor boy thrust into her hand one evening , with a strange shy pride that brought all the blood into his face , while he kissed her with impetuosity to smother her reproaches . She asked him how he had got so much money — so much ! and then he told her how , self-taught , he had learned to cut out figures — dogs and landscapes — in coloured paper , which he had taken to the bazaars and stationers ’ shops , and there disposed of — for a mere trifle truly . ‘ For this kind of thing is not fashionable , mother , though I think the Queen likes them , ’ he said ; ‘ and of course , if not fashionable , I could not get very much for them . ’ So he contented himself , and consoled her , for the small payment of sixpence or a shilling , which perhaps was all he could earn by three or four days ’ work . The mother gently blamed him for his imprudence in exposing himself as he had done to the wet and cold — and , alas ! these had told sadly on his weakened frame ; but Herbert was so happy to-night , that she could not damp his pleasure , even for maternal love ; so she reserved the lecture which must be given until to-morrow . And then his out-door expeditions were peremptorily forbidden ; and Miss Spong was called up to strengthen the prohibition — which she did effectually by offering , in her little , quick , nervous way , to take Herbert 's cuttings to the shops herself , and thus to spare him the necessity of doing so . Poor Mrs Lawson went up to the little woman , and kissed her cheek like a sister , as she spoke ; while Miss Spong , so utterly unused as she had been for years to the smallest demonstration of affection , looked at first bewildered and aghast , and finally sank down on the chair in a childish fit of crying . I cannot say how much the sight of that poor little old maid 's tears affected me ! They seemed to speak of such long years of heart-loneliness — such loving impulses strangled by the chill hand of solitude — such weary familiarity with that deadness of life wherein no sympathy is bestowed , no love awakened — that I felt as one witnessing a dead man recalled to life , after all that made life pleasant had fled . What a sorrowful house that Number Nineteen was ! From the desolate servant-of-all-work at her first place from the Foundling , to the half-starved German in the attics , every inmate of the house seemed to have nothing but the bitter bread of affliction to eat — nothing but the salt waters of despair to drink . And now began another epoch in the Lawson history , which shed a sad but most beautiful light over the fading day of that young life . A girl of about fourteen — she might have been a year or so younger — was once sent from one of the stationer 's shops to conclude some bargain with the sick paper-cutter . I saw her slender figure bound up the desolate steps with the light tread of youth , as if she had been a divine being entering the home of human sorrow . She was one of those saintly children who are sometimes seen blooming like white roses , unstained by time or by contact . Her hair hung down her neck in long , loose curls , among which the sunlight seemed to have fairly lost itself , they were so golden bright ; her eyes were large , and of that deep , dark gray which is so much more beautiful , because so much more intellectual , than any other colour eyes can take ; her lips were fresh and youthful ; and her figure had all that girlish grace of fourteen which combines the unconscious innocence of the child with the exquisite modesty of the maiden . She soon became the daily visitor of the Lawsons — pupil to Herbert . The paper-cutting was not wholly laid aside though ; in the early morning , and in the evening , and often late into the night , the thin , wan fingers were busy about their task ; but the middle of the day was snatched like an hour of sleep in the midst of pain — garnered up like a fountain of sweet waters in the wilderness ; for then it was that little Jessie came for her Latin lesson , which she used to learn so well , and take such pleasure in , and be doubly diligent about , because poor Herbert Lawson was ill , and vexation would do him harm . Does it seem strange that a stationer 's daughter should be so lovely , and should learn Latin ? And there those two children used to sit for three dear hours of the day ; she , leaning over her book , her sweet young face bent on her task with a look of earnest intellectuality in it , that made her like some sainted maid of olden time ; and he watching her every movement , and listening to every syllable , with a rapt interest such as only very early youth can feel . How happy he used to look ! How his face would lighten up , as if an angel 's wing had swept over it , when the two gentle taps at the door heralded young Jessie ! How his boyish reverence , mixed with boyish care , gave his wasted features an expression almost unearthly , as he hung over her so protectingly , so tenderly , so adoringly ! It was so different from a man 's love ! There was something so exquisitely pure and spiritual in it — something so reverential and so chivalrous — it would have been almost a sin to have had that love grow out into a man 's strong passion ! The flowers she brought him — and seldom did a day pass without a fresh supply of violets , and , when the weather was warmer , of primroses and cowslips , from her gentle hand — all these were cherished more than gold would have been cherished ; the books she lent him were never from his side ; if she touched one of the paltry ornaments on the chimney-piece , that ornament was transferred to his own private table ; and the chair she used was always kept apart , and sacred to her return . It was very beautiful to watch all these manifestations : for I did watch them , first from my own window , then in the house , in the midst of the lonely family , comforting when I could not aid , and sharing in the griefs I could not lessen . Under the new influence , the boy gained such loveliness and spiritualism , that his face had an angelic character , which , though it made young Jessie feel a strange kind of loving awe for the sick boy , betokened to me , and to his mother , that his end was not far off . He was now too weak to sit up , excepting for a small part of the day ; and I feared that he would soon become too weak to teach , even in his gentle way , and with such a gentle pupil . But the Latin exercises still held their place ; the books lying on the sofa instead of on the table , and Jessie sitting by him on a stool , where he could overlook her as she read : this was all the change ; unless , indeed , that Jessie read aloud more than formerly , and not always out of a Latin book . Sometimes it was poetry , and sometimes it was the Bible that she read to him ; and then he used to stop her , and pour forth such eloquent , such rapturous remarks on what he heard , that Jessie used to sit and watch him like a young angel holding converse with a spirit . She was beginning to love him very deeply in her innocent , girlish , unconscious way ; and I used to see her bounding step grow sad and heavy as , day by day , her brother-like tutor seemed to be sinking from earth so fast . Thus passed the winter , poor Mrs Lawson toiling painfully at her task , and Herbert falling into death in his ; but with such happiness in his heart as made his sufferings divine delights , and his weakness , the holy strength of heaven . He could do but little at his paper-cutting now , but still he persevered ; and his toil was well repaid , too , when he gave his mother the scanty payment which he received at the end of the week , and felt that he had done his best — that he had helped her forward — that he was no longer an idler supported by her sorrow — but that he had braced the burden of labour on to his own shoulders also , weak as they were , and had taken his place , though dying , among the manful workers of the world . Jessie brought a small weekly contribution also , neatly sealed up in fair white paper ; and of these crumpled scraps Herbert used to cut angels and cherubs ’ heads , which he would sit and look at for hours together ; and then he would pray as if in a trance — so earnest and heartfelt was it — while tears of love , not grief , would stream down his face , as his lips moved in blessings on that young maiden child . It came at last . He had fought against it long and bravely ; but death is a hard adversary , and cannot be withstood , even by the strongest . It came , stealing over him like an evening cloud over a star — leaving him still beautiful , while blotting out his light — softening and purifying , while slowly obliterating his place . Day by day , his weakness increased ; day by day , his pale hands grew paler , and his hollow cheek more wan . But the love in his boy 's heart hung about his sick-bed as flowers that have an eternal fragrance from their birth . Jessie was ever a daily visitor , though no longer now a scholar ; and her presence had all the effect of religion on the boy — he was so calm , and still , and holy , while she was there . When she was gone , he was sometimes restless , though never peevish ; but he would get nervous , and unable to fix his mind on anything , his sick head turning incessantly to the window , as if vainly watching for a shadowy hope , and his thin fingers plucking ceaselessly at his bed-clothes , in restless , weary , unsoothed sorrow . While she sat by him , her voice sounding like low music in his ears , and her hands wandering about him in a thousand offices of gentle comforting , he was like a child sinking softly to sleep — a soul striving upward to its home , beckoned on by the hands of the holier sister before it . And thus he died — in the bright spring-time of the year , in the bright spring-time of his life . Love had been the cradle-song of his infancy , love was the requiem of his youth . His was no romantic fable , no heroic epic ; adventures , passions , fame , made up none of its incidents ; it was simply the history of a boy 's manful struggling against fate — of the quiet heroism of endurance , compensated by inward satisfaction , if not by actual happiness . True , his career was in the low-lying paths of humanity ; but it was none the less beautiful and pure , for it is not deeds , it is their spirit , which makes men noble , or leaves them stained . Had Herbert Lawson been a warrior , statesman , hero , philosopher , he would have shewn no other nature than that which gladdened the heart of his widowed mother , and proved a life 's instruction to Jessie Hamilton , in his small deeds of love and untaught words of faith in the solitude of that lodging-house . Brave , pure , noble then , his sphere only would have been enlarged , and with his sphere the weight and power of his character ; but the spirit would have been the same , and in the dying child it was as beautiful as it would have been in the renowned philosopher . We have given this simple story — simple in all its bearings — as an instance of how much real heroism is daily enacted , how much true morality daily cherished , under the most unfavourable conditions . A widow and her young son cast on the world without sufficient means of living — a brave boy battling against poverty and sickness combined , and doing his small endeavour with manful constancy — a dying youth , whose whole soul is penetrated with love , as with a divine song : all these are elements of true human interest , and these are circumstances to be found in every street of a crowded city . And to such as these is the divine mission of brotherly charity required ; for though poverty may not be relieved by reason of our inability , suffering may always be lightened by our sympathy . It takes but a word of love , a glance of pity , a gentle kiss of affection — it takes but an hour of our day , a prayer at night , and we may walk through the sick world and the sorrowful as angels dropping balm and comfort on the wounded . The cup of such human love as this poured freely out will prove in truth ‘ twice blessed , ’ returning back to our own hearts the peace we have shed on others . Alas ! alas ! how thick the harvest and how few the reapers ! VISIT TO A SPOT CONNECTED WITH THE BIOGRAPHY OF BURNS . Having occasion to spend a few days of the beautiful July of the present year in the lower part of Nithsdale , I felt tempted to bestow a forenoon upon an effort to discover and examine a particular spot in the district connected with the history of the poet Burns , but respecting which a doubt has till lately existed . The subject was the more excitingly placed before me , by my seeing every morning , from my bedroom windows , the smiling farmstead of Ellisland , which the poet built , and where he spent more than four years of his life . Daily beholding his simple home , and the fields he had tilled , I felt a revived interest in his sad history and everything associated with it . All the readers of Burns are of course acquainted with his extravagant Bacchanalian lyric , beginning — O Willie brewed a peck o ’ maut , And Rab and Allan cam to prie ; Three blither hearts that lee-lang night Ye wadna find in Christendie . It was well known that the affair described was a real one — that the Willie who gave the entertainment was Mr William Nicol , a master in the High School of Edinburgh — Rab , the poet himself — and Allan , a certain Mr Masterton , likewise of the Edinburgh High School : three merry-hearted men , of remarkable talents and many other good properties , but who , unfortunately , were all of them too liable to the seductions of the ‘ barley-bree . ’ That such was the scene , and such the actors , we had learned from Burns himself , who thus annotated the song in a musical collection : ‘ This air is Masterton 's ; the song mine . The occasion of it was this : Mr William Nicol , of the High School , Edinburgh , during the autumn vacation being at Moffat , honest Allan — who was at that time on a visit to Dalswinton — and I went to pay Nicol a visit . We had such a joyous meeting , that Mr Masterton and I agreed , each in our own way , that we should celebrate the business . ’ That is to say , Burns undertook to compose a song descriptive of the merry encounter , while Mr Masterton , who was an amateur musician , should compose an appropriate air . So far there seems to be little obscurity about the matter . The locality pointed out is the well-known spa village of Moffat , situated among the hills of Annandale , about twenty miles from Ellisland . Nicol had had a lodging there , in which to enjoy his few weeks of autumn vacation ; Burns and Masterton — the one from Ellisland , the other from Dalswinton — had journeyed thither in company ; and there , probably in some small cottage room , had the strength of the peck o ’ maut been tried . Most likely , as Moffat is so far on the way from Dalswinton to Edinburgh , Mr Masterton would part with his two friends next day , and proceed on his way to the city , while Burns returned to his farm , lone-meditating on the song in which he was to make the frolic immortal . With so explicit a statement from the poet , we never should have had occasion to feel any doubt about the circumstances referred to in ‘ Willie brewed a peck o ’ maut , ’ had not Dr Currie , the editor of the posthumous collection of Burns 's works , inserted therein a note , stating that the merry-meeting ‘ took place at Laggan , a farm purchased by Mr Nicol in Nithsdale , on the recommendation of Burns . ’ Currie , proceeding upon the undoubted fact of Nicol having purchased such a farm , seems to have imagined that the meeting was what is called in Scotland a house-heating , or entertainment given to celebrate the entering upon a new domestic establishment , Laggan itself being of course the scene . To add to the perplexity thus created , Dr Currie 's assumptions were taken up by a subsequent editor , who ought to have known better — the late Allan Cunningham . He gives the whole affair with daring circumstantiality . The song , he says , ‘ was composed to commemorate the house-heating — as entering upon possession of a new house is called in Scotland . William Nicol made the brewst strong and nappy ; and Allan Masterton , then on a visit at Dalswinton , crossed the Nith , and , with the poet and his celebrated punch-bowl , reached Laggan “ a wee before the sun gaed down . ” The sun , however , rose on their carousal , if the tradition of the land may be trusted . ’ Thus , as Laggan is on the right bank of the Nith , while Dalswinton is on the left , we have Masterton crossing the river to join Burns at Ellisland , which is the converse of the procedure necessary on the supposition of Moffat being the locality . A place called Laggan , about two miles from Ellisland , being further assumed as the seat of Nicol , we have the poet marching along to it bearing his punch-bowl as an essential of the frolic !— a particular which this biographer would have probably suppressed , if he had known that the real Laggan of William Nicol is eight or nine miles from Ellisland , in a part of the country naturally so difficult of access , that a visitor might be glad to get there himself without any such nice burden as a punch-bowl to carry . In a more recent edition of the poet 's life and writings — where at length an effort is made to illustrate both , by documentary and other exact evidence [ 1 ] — the affair is set in such a light as to throw a ludicrous commentary on such testimony as the ‘ tradition of the land . ’ It appears , from a letter of Burns in which two verses of the song are transcribed , that it was written before 16th October 1789 ; while it equally appears that Mr Nicol did not purchase Laggan till March 1790 : ergo , the maut was not brewed at Laggan ; Masterton did not cross the Nith ; and the punch-bowl is a myth , which most likely originated in editorial fancy . Laggan is , nevertheless , a remarkable place , for Burns and Nicol must have been there together in some fashion , if not a Bacchanalian one , since it was upon the recommendation of the former that the latter became its proprietor . There are , however , two Laggans — one in Dunscore parish , about two miles from Ellisland ; the other in Glencairn parish , a comparatively remote situation ; and the latter was the Laggan of Nicol . Mr M ——, of A ——, who now lives near Ellisland , remembers , while living in his father 's house , Laggan of Dunscore — the place erroneously assumed by Cunningham — that Burns and Nicol came there rather late one evening , and induced his father to accompany them to the town of Minniehive , whence he did not return home till next day at three o'clock . Laggan of Glencairn being on the way to Minniehive , and near it , and there being no other imaginable reason for Nicol going to such an out-of-the-way place , it seems a very reasonable supposition , that the pair of friends were on their way to see the property which Nicol thought of purchasing ; and that Burns , knowing Mr M —— to be well skilled in land , had thought of asking his advice on its value . The junior Mr M —— adds a reminiscence , too characteristic , we fear , to be much doubted , that Burns and Nicol on that occasion were for a whole week engaged in merry-making . We had , therefore , a half-melancholy interest in seeing Laggan — a name , we felt , associated with reckless gaieties , but then they were the gaieties of genius , and well had they been moralised in the punishments which they drew down — for , as Currie remarks in 1799 , these ‘ three merry boys ’ were already all of them under the turf . Our kind host , the successor of Masterton 's , took us in his carriage across the Nith , through a scene of natural luxuriance and beauty not to be surpassed , and under a sun of as intense brilliancy as ever shone in these climes . Passing into a high side-valley , we soon left the glowing plains of Nithsdale behind . We passed under the farmstead of Laggan of Dunscore , and thought of Burns and Nicol coming there to seduce the worthy farmer away to partake of their festivities at Minniehive . By and by we came to Dunscore kirk , which Burns used to attend with his family while resident at Ellisland — a gloomy-looking man , the people thought him , all the time that he , with his generous , benevolent nature , was in reality groaning over the stern Calvinistic theology of the preacher . It is a tract of country which has but recently been reclaimed from a marshy and moorish state , and which still shews only partial traces of decoration and high culture . In a gloomy recess among the hills , we caught a glimpse of the situation of the old castle of Lagg , a fortalice surrounded by bogs , the ancient residence of the persecutor Grierson of Lagg , and fit scene to be connected with the history of a man who could coolly stand to see innocent women drowned at a stake in the sea for conscience ’ sake . The name of the place is pure Norwegian , expressing simply water , such being , no doubt , the predominating feature of the scenery in its original state — while Laggan merely gives the article en ( the ) in addition . Soon after passing Dunscore , we entered the valley of the Cairn , which , with its chalet-like farmhouses far up the slopes on both sides , reminded us much of Switzerland . Here , a few miles onward , we saw Maxwellton House , surrounded by those slopes so warmly spoken of in Scottish song — Maxwellton braes are bonnie , Where early fa 's the dew ; Where I and Annie Laurie , Made up the promise true , & c . Of this estate , the Laggan of William Nicol was originally a part , being sold in 1790 by Sir Robert Laurie of Maxwellton , a gentleman whom Burns has celebrated in his famous poem of ‘ The Whistle . ’ Even in this splendid summer-day , the whole vale has a rude and triste appearance , somewhat at issue with the declaration of the old song just quoted , and not likely , one would have thought , to attract the regard of such men as William Nicol and Robert Burns . We had inquired , as we came along , as to the place of which we were in quest ; and finding nobody with a very clear or ready conception of it or its whereabouts , began to feel as if it were of a half-fabulous character . At length , however , at a place called Crossford , we were told we should have to leave our carriage and the road , and ascend the side of the valley to the northward , where , about a mile and a half onward , we should find a small farm called Laggan Park . This we hoped to find to be the true place . To walk a mile and a half up hill on a roasting July day was not a task to be encountered on light grounds ; however , we had resolved to make out our point if possible . Behold a couple of wayfarers , then , pursuing their way along the skirts of turnip-fields , through slight coppices , and along various clayey braes , with this unseen place of Laggan Park still keeping wonderfully ahead , long after it ought to have been reached . We wondered how the Ayrshire bard would have looked carrying a punch-bowl along our present path , after a journey of eight miles similarly loaded ; and whether he would have thought any amount of the ‘ barley bree ’ during ‘ the lee-lang night ’ a fair recompense for his toils . At length , we arrived at the spot , but in a state of deliquescence and exhaustion not to be described . It is a small farm-establishment , nestling in a bosom of the hills , with some shelter and good exposure , making up for elevation of position , so that its few fields of growing grain , of potatoes , and meadow grass , have a tolerably good appearance . Some patches of ancient coppice at the base of the barish hills behind , give it even a smiling aspect . The farmer , seeing us approach , left his people in the field , and came to greet us . We entered a neat clean room , and met a kind reception from ‘ the Mistress , ’ who was as trigly dressed as if she had been expecting company . It soon became clear , from our conversation with the good couple , that our toils were crowned with success . This really had been Nicol 's property ; it still belonged to a member of his family . That line of gray heights seen from the door was what Burns alluded to when he facetiously dubbed his friend ‘ Illustrious lord of Laggan 's many hills . ’ This cottage had been the retreat of the High School master in his hours of rustic vacation . There was a difficulty , which we discussed over a glass of most welcome spirits and water furnished by the farmer : Did this neat room form a part of the dwelling of Nicol ? It appeared not . It was a modern addition . The original house , to which it adjoined upon a different level of flooring , was the merest hut , of one room , with a line of box-beds dividing the sitting-place from a small space , which , being rudely causewayed like a cow-house , had probably been employed in keeping animals of some kind . Such was the humble tuguriolum of Willie Nicol of the ‘ peck o ’ maut ’ — an interesting memorial of the simplicity of country life in Scotland at the close of the eighteenth century . We did not venture to indulge in any dreamings as to festive meetings between Burns and Nicol in this humble shed ; for we felt that here there was no certain ground to go upon . Enough that we could be assured of Burns and Nicol having been together here ; two most singular examples of the peasant class of their country , and one of them an unapproached master of his country 's lyre , whose strains have floated to the ends of the earth , and promise to last through many ages . The elements of the place , and the ideas connected with it were , after all , too simple to detain us long . We only waited to snatch a slight pencil sketch of the house and its adjuncts ; and then , having taken leave of the farmer and his wife , we retraced our steps to the road . Somewhat unexpectedly , and not at all in keeping with the idea of either Maxwellton braes or Laggan 's many hills , we discovered in our walk that the rough terrace-like ground over which we had passed before coming in sight of Nicol 's estate , was a moraine , or mass of d é bris , produced and left there by a glacier . Its surface , thickly covered with loose blocks of rock different from that of the district , first fixed our attention ; then looking into some openings which had been made in the earth for building materials , we readily observed that the internal constitution of the mass was precisely like that of the moraines of the existing glaciers of the Alps , and of the similar masses of drift scattered over Sweden — a confused mixture of angular , slightly-worn blocks of all sizes , bedded in clayey gravel of a brown colour . Such objects are rare in Scotland ; but here is undoubtedly one , though we cannot pretend to tell from what quarter it has come . The thing most nearly resembling it in general appearance , which we have ever seen , is an undoubted ancient moraine at a place called Mosshuus , in the Valley of the Laug , in Norway . One reflection arises at the conclusion of this trivial investigation , and it is this — If so much doubt and obscurity have already settled on circumstances which took place scarcely beyond the recollection of living people , can we wonder at that which invests the events of a more remote epoch ? If editors in our enlightened time have contrived so soon to give the history of Burns a mythical character , what safety have we in trusting to such ancient narrations as those of Plutarch or Thucydides ? On the other hand , where even such a biography as that of Burns is placed by sound and carefully-examined evidence upon an irrefragable basis , a service is rendered to the public beyond the merits of any immediate question that may be under discussion , in the encouragement which it gives to historical inquirers of all grades , to rest satisfied with nothing on vague assertion , but to sift everything to the bottom . FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] Life and Works of Robert Burns , edited by Robert Chambers . 4 vols . Edinburgh : W. & R. Chambers . ONE-SIDEDNESS . Plantagenet . The truth appears so naked on my side , That any purblind eye may find it out . Somerset . And on my side it is so well apparelled , So clear , so shining , and so evident , That it will glimmer through a blind man 's eye . First Part of Henry VI . Having made up our mind upon a question , probably by a delightfully curt process , how pleasant and natural it is to laugh sublimely at all dissentients ! Poor creatures , those nonconformists are almost to be pardoned , so much does their impenetrable dulness amuse us ! How they can have scrambled to a conclusion opposite to ours , is a problem so absurd that it tickles us amazingly . Yet the formation of opinions is vastly dependent upon circumstances . Whang-shing is born in the Celestial Empire ; and the chances are that the fellow will go the length of pinning his faith to Confucius . Yonder squalid urchin , turning out of Saffron Hill or some other sweet-scented purlieus , has been cradled on the ragged lap of professional mendicancy ; and there is a strong probability that he will come to a misunderstanding with the police one of these fine days . The mild-eyed priest who just passed you , was born and educated within the states of the church ; and somehow or other he firmly believes in the Romanism you so hotly repudiate . The sallow-faced gentleman crossing the road , and exhibiting so wobegone an aspect , has always had a bad liver ; and you will never persuade him to look on the bright side of life . While this bustling , vivacious personage , who approaches us with such a springy step , and rapid merry glance , has never known a day 's illness — is indebted to hearsay for his belief in nerves — and is ready to challenge Europe to beat him at a hearty guffaw — he is perplexed by the shadow of a long face , marvels with all his might at a heavy eye , and cannot unriddle the philosophy of a bent brow . When shall we learn that the result of looking depends on the state of the eye — that the vision is modified by the position of the seer — that he who stands on one side , sees one side only ? Says Wordsworth — We safely may affirm that human life Is either fair or tempting , a soft scene , Grateful to sight , refreshing to the soul , Or a forbidden tract of cheerless view , Even as the same is looked at , or approached . And the pastor of the Excursion , who is the spokesman , illustrates his doctrine by shewing that the church-yard among the mountains , in which he and his companions are standing , if approached from the sullen north , when ‘ in changeful April , fields are white with new-fallen snow , ’ and ere the sun has gained his noontide height , will appear an ‘ unillumined , blank , and dreary plain , with more than wintry cheerlessness and gloom saddening the heart ; ’ whereas , if it be regarded from the quarter whence the lord of light dispenses his beams , ‘ then will a vernal prospect greet your eye ’ — All fresh and beautiful , and green and bright , Hopeful and cheerful — vanished is the pall That overspread and chilled the sacred turf , Vanished or hidden ; and the whole domain , To some , too lightly minded , might appear A meadow carpet for the dancing hours . The same principle of mental optics is of universal application . We cannot ignore it without fatal results when studying history , science , art , human nature , or any conceivable object of inquiry . Thus , in forming our opinion of the actions of others , there is no more mischievous absurdity , it has been remarked , than to judge them from the outside as they look to us , instead of from the inside as they look to the actors ; nothing more irrational than to criticise deeds as though the doers of them had the same hopes , fears , desires , and restraints with ourselves . ‘ We cannot understand another 's character except by abandoning our own identity , and realising to ourselves his frame of mind , his want of knowledge , his hardships , temptations , and discouragements . ’ If we turn to history , we are reminded of Thomas Moore 's lines — By Tory Hume 's seductive page beguiled , We fancy Charles was just , and Stratford mild ; And Fox himself , with party pencil draws Monmouth a hero ‘ for the good old cause ! ’ Then , rights are wrongs , and victories are defeats , As French or English pride the tale repeats . Thus , too , Macaulay remarks , that for many years every Whig historian was anxious to prove that the old English government was all but republican — every Tory , to prove it all but despotic . ‘ With such feelings , both parties looked into the chronology of the middle ages . Both readily found what they sought , and obstinately refused to see anything but what they sought . ’ Accordingly , to see only one-half of the evidence , you would conclude that the Plantagenets were as absolute as the sultans of Turkey ; to see only the other half , you would conclude that they had as little real power as the Doges of Venice : and both conclusions would be equally remote from the truth . Carlyle justly affirms , that if that man is a benefactor to the world who causes two ears of corn to grow where only one grew before , much more is he a benefactor who causes two truths to grow up together in harmony and mutual confirmation , where before only one stood solitary , and , on that side at least , intolerant and hostile . Every genius rides a winged horse ; but all are apt to ride too fast . Plotinus , says Emerson , ‘ believes only in philosophers ; F é n é lon , in saints ; Pindar and Byron , in poets . Read the haughty language in which Plato and the Platonists speak of all men who are not devoted to their own shining abstractions . ’ If genius is liable to such one-sidedness , the greater the need of educational correctives to common-place minds . Hence the overpursuit of any one subject may be hurtful , unless duly balanced by countervailing forces . As the author of Friends in Council says , a human being , like a tree , if it is to attain to perfect symmetry , must have light and air given to it from all quarters . This may be done without making men superficial — without sanctioning the dissipation of mere desultory reading . One or two great branches of science may be systematically prosecuted , and others used in a more supplementary and illustrative form . ‘ A number of one-sided men , ’ observes the same writer , ‘ may make a great nation , though I much incline to doubt that ; but such a nation will not contain a number of great men . ’ With the advance of intelligence , advances a catholicism of literature , of taste , of humanity at large . Uncultured intellect , ‘ cabined , cribbed , confined , ’ is ill at ease among the riches of variety in literary lore ; it is satisfied with the little , because , as Menzel says , it knows not the great ; it is content with one-sidedness , because it sees not the other sides . If critical esprit de corps has its advantages , it has its penalties also ; potent within its self-imposed bounds , it is impotent outside of them . Longfellow reminds his brethren of the lyre , that whatever is best in the great poets of all countries , is not what is national in them , but what is universal : their roots are in their native soil , but their branches wave in the unpatriotic air , that speaks the same language to all men , and their leaves shine with the illimitable light that pervades all lands . ‘ Let us throw all the windows open ; let us admit the light and air on all sides ; that we may look towards the four corners of the heavens , and not always in the same direction . ’ Monomania is sometimes simply the exaggerated regard to one side of many-sided truth . It is not absolute , but only relative delusion . It is in its degree true ; but by affecting to be the whole truth , it becomes untrue . Philosophic reflection shews , that if a man fasten his attention on a single aspect of truth , and apply himself to that alone for a long time , ‘ the truth becomes distorted , and not itself , but falsehood ; ’ and may be compared to the air , which is our natural element , and the breath of our nostrils ; ‘ but if a stream of the same be directed on the body for a time , it causes cold , fever , and even death . ’ ‘ How wearisome , ’ exclaims Emerson , ‘ the grammarian , the phrenologist , the political or religious fanatic , or , indeed , any possessed mortal , whose balance is lost by the exaggeration of a single topic ! It is incipient insanity . ’ The bore of society is constituted by his one-sidedness . His ear is deficient in the sense of harmony , and he deafens and disgusts you by harping on one string . The retired nabob holds you by the button , to hear his wearisome diatribes on Indian economics ; the half-pay officer is too fluent on his worn-out recollections of the Peninsular War , and becomes savage if you broach a new theme , or move to adjourn the debate ; the university pedant distracts you with his theories on philology and scansion — with his amended translation of a hexameter in Persius , and his new reading of a line in Theocritus ; the bagman is all for ‘ the shop ; ’ the policeman is redolent of the ‘ lock-up house ‘ and ‘ your wertchup ; ’ the tailor is profoundly knowing on the ‘ sweating system ; ‘ the son of Crispin vows and protests there 's ‘ nothing like leather . ’ All these minus signs have a tendency to cancel each other : and thus the equation of life is worked out . Society has been said to have at all times the same want — namely , of one sane man , with adequate powers of expression to hold up each object of monomania in its right relations . ‘ The ambitious and mercenary bring their last new Mumbo-Jumbo — whether tariff , railway , mesmerism , or California — and by detaching the object from its relations , easily succeed in making it seen in a glare , and a multitude go mad about it ; and they are not to be reproved or cured by the opposite multitude , who are kept from this particular insanity by an equal frenzy on another crotchet . But let one man have the comprehensive eye that can replace this isolated prodigy in its right neighbourhood and bearings , and the illusion vanishes — the returning reason of the community thanks the reason of the monitor . ’ There is perhaps nothing which more urgently calls for such a controlling and overseeing mind , to curb eccentric excesses , and to restore equilibrium of action , than philanthropy itself . In the enthusiasm of its impulses , it thinks it can afford to sneer at political economy , and that it is right to wander at its own sweet will , benevolently defying the remonstrances of all who have a method to propound , a science to explain , a system to uphold . Though the heart be large , yet the mind — as Nathaniel Hawthorne somewhere observes — is often of such moderate dimensions , as to be exclusively filled up with one idea ; and thus , when a good man has long devoted himself to a particular kind of beneficence , to one species of reform , he is apt to become narrowed into the limits of the path wherein he treads , and to fancy that there is no other good to be done on earth but that selfsame good to which he has put his hand , and in the very mode that best suits his own conceptions . ‘ All else is worthless ; his scheme must be wrought out by the united strength of the whole world 's stock of love , or the world is no longer worthy of a position in the universe . Moreover , powerful truth , being the rich grape-juice expressed from the vineyard of the ages , has an intoxicating quality when imbibed by any but a powerful intellect , and often , as it were , impels the quaffer to quarrel in his cups . ’ Even a saint with one idea may be a plague to his neighbourhood ; and , by being canonised , may retard , not further , the progress of his church . Let us own , however , that one-idea 'd people are often amusing as well as mischievous — or rather , when not mischievous . The rapt devotion they pay to their idola spec û s oscillates between the sublime and the ridiculous . We have all seen such people , and alternately admired and laughed at them . We have all witnessed or read pleasant illustrations of their doings . With one such illustration we conclude this discursive fragment . It is related by the witty author of A Defence of Ignorance , who introduces it in the course of an imaginary dialogue on one-sided university training , in which one of the speakers ( at dessert ) says to his companion : ‘ If you reach after that pear , without considering what stands against your elbows , you may empty a decanter over me . He who desires thoroughly to know one subject , should be possessed of so much intellectual geography as will enable him to see its true position in the universe of thought . ’ The allusion to upsetting a decanter reminds the other interlocutor of a story , which he proceeds to tell . A gentleman who carved a goose was inexpert ; and thinking only of the stubborn joints that would not be unhinged , he totally forgot the gravy . Presently , the goose slipped off the dish , and escaped into his neighbour 's lap . Now , to have thrown a hot goose on a lady 's lap would disconcert most people , but the gentleman in question was not disconcerted . Turning round , with a bland smile , he said : ‘ I 'll trouble you for that goose . ’ Here we have a sublime example of a man with one idea . This gentleman 's idea was the goose ; and in the absorbing interest attached to his undertaking , that he was to carve the goose , not altogether knowing how , he had shut out extraneous objects . Suddenly the goose was gone , but his eye followed it , his mind was wrapt up in his struggle with it ; what did he know of that lady ? ‘ I 'll trouble you for that goose , ’ expressed the perfect abstraction of a mind bent on developing its one idea . MR KIRBY THE NATURALIST . The popular fame of Mr Kirby rests upon the Introduction to Entomology , a work ( partly written by him ) full of interesting facts respecting the economy of the insect world . Amongst the scientific , his reputation depends on a variety of elaborate papers which he wrote for learned societies on subjects connected with natural history . For sixty years previous to the conclusion of his long life in 1850 , he had devoted the leisure of a parsonage to that delightful study , and being a diligent and accurate observer , and an elegant and entertaining writer , he had attained the highest rank amongst the British naturalists of his day . It appears , from a memoir just published , [ 2 ] that Mr Kirby was born in 1759 , and settled in 1782 in the cure of Barham , near Ipswich , where he was ultimately rector , and which he only left for his last long-home sixty-eight years thereafter . In an age of sluggish theology , he was an earnest minister and zealous controversialist , all the time that he was cultivating a taste for natural objects . This is equally unexpected and creditable . And yet it does not appear that his personal conduct was characterised by anything like rigour , for , as an example , we find , from the journal of an entomological excursion in 1797 , that it was commenced on a Sunday afternoon , and involved one other Sunday of constant travelling . A reference of the dates to an almanac enables us to establish this fact , so unlike the spirit of a zealous man in our times . Of the sister sciences of nature , botany first attracted Mr Kirby 's regards . ‘ This he pursued in no hasty or superficial manner , but with the greatest perseverance and research . It was not enough for him to know a plant by sight , and to ascertain its proper name , but he compared the minutest parts of inflorescence and fructification ; he sought for the most trifling differences in those nearly allied , and studied with a keen but generous criticism the various theories of writers on the science , from the earliest age to the time of the immortal Linn è. Of every plant he met with , even to the daisy and primrose , the whole physiological structure was thoroughly investigated ; he discovered , or rather observed , what it was which enabled some plants to endure great changes of temperature , while others perished — the formation which enabled some to live in water , while others flourished in the most dry and arid sands ; he carefully marked the causes which combined to clothe even rocks with verdure , in consequence of the wonderful structure of the plants inhabiting them , enabling them to live as it were by the suction of their numerous mouths , rather than by nourishment transmitted by a root in contact with that which would refuse to yield the ordinary food of plants . And as he thus marked all these peculiar adaptations of plants to their respective situations , his mind was by a constant train of thought directed from the beauty and wondrous mechanism of the creature , to contemplate the supreme and ineffable glory of the Creator . ’ With a mind so predisposed and so fitted for the study of entomology , a casual occurrence of a trivial nature was sufficient to awaken and give it direction . ‘ Observing accidentally , one morning , a very beautiful golden bug creeping on the sill of my window , I took it up to examine it , and finding that its wings were of a more yellow hue than was common to my observation of these insects before , I was anxious carefully to examine any other of its peculiarities ; and finding that it had twenty-two beautiful clear black spots upon its back , my captured animal was imprisoned in a bottle of gin , for the purpose , as I supposed , of killing him . On the following morning , anxious to pursue my observation , I took it again from the gin , and laid it on the window-sill to dry , thinking it dead ; but the warmth of the sun very soon revived it : and hence commenced my further pursuit of this branch of natural history . ’ A Dr Gwyn of Ipswich was his preceptor in this study . ‘ Though now in his seventy-fifth year , so much was the good old doctor interested in the pursuit of his friend , that he would frequently walk over to Barham , a distance of five miles , to see what had been the success of recent perambulations . The parsonage-house was then approached by a narrow wicket , with posts higher than the gate , and often , while working in his garden , or sitting in his parlour , Mr Kirby would look up and see , to his great delight , the shovel hat of his facetious friend adorning one post , and the cumbrous wig and appertaining pig-tail ornamenting the other . And soon the kind old man would walk in with his bald head , as he used to say , cool and ready for the investigation . These visits were always hailed with pleasure , the delights of which were still fresh in the memory of Mr Kirby , and would call forth expressions of affectionate gratitude , even when nearly half a century had elapsed , after his friend and M æ cenas , as he loved to call him , had gone to his rest . ’ There seems no room to doubt , that his studies tended not merely to the happiness of Mr Kirby 's life , but to its duration . It is at the same time abundantly evident , that much hard work was undergone . He carried on a most laborious correspondence with other naturalists , often extending a letter to the dimensions of a pamphlet : this altogether over and above his practical researches and his published writings . He took good-humoured views of most things , and was not easily put out of temper . A slight dash of absence of mind increased that quaintness of character so often found in zealous students . On an entomological excursion with two friends , Mr Marsham and Mr Macleay , it happened on their arriving at an old-fashioned wayside inn , that ‘ there was only one large room for them , with three beds in it . The arrangement having been made for the night , according to the custom of the time , three nightcaps were laid upon the dressing-table . Mr Kirby retired before his companions , and was soon sound asleep . Perceiving no caps ready for them , his friends inquired for what they considered the due appurtenances of the pillow : they were assured by the hostess that three nightcaps were laid upon the table , but they stoutly averred they had not seen them ; the landlady no less stoutly maintaining her side of the question . What actually passed in her own mind did not transpire , but she appealed to the first gentleman as being the only one who could throw light upon the subject ; when , lo and behold ! as soon as his head appeared , in answer to the hasty summons , the three nightcaps appeared at the same time upon it , one being dragged over the other , much to the amusement not only of those present , but also of those who long after heard the tale . ’ Another example of the pleasantries that sometimes enliven the path of the naturalist . It is related by Mr Spence , and refers to the time when that gentleman was engaged with Mr Kirby in preparing the work which has for ever combined their names . ‘ Mr ( now Sir William J .) Hooker was at that time staying at Barham , and being desirous to have pointed out to him , and to gather with his own hands , a rare species of Marchantia ? from its habitat , first discovered by Mr Kirby , near Nayland , some miles distant , it was agreed we three should walk thither , entomologising by the way , and after dinner proceed to the hedge-bank where it grew . Entering the head inn-yard on foot , with dusty shoes , and without other baggage than our insect-nets in our hands , we met with but a cool reception , which , however , visibly warmed as soon as we had desired to be shewn into the best dining-room , and had ordered a good dinner and wine . We intended to walk back in the evening , but as the bank where the Marchantia ? grew was a mile or two out of the direct road , and it came on rain , we ordered out a postchaise , merely saying we wanted to drive a short way on a road which Mr Kirby indicated to the postilion . ‘ When we arrived at the gate of the field where the bank was , the rain had become very heavy ; so , calling to the postilion to stop and open the door , we scampered out of the chaise , all laughing , and hastily telling him to wait there , without other explanation we climbed over the gate , and not to be long in the rain , set off running as fast as we could along the field-side of the hedge , to the bank we were looking for . We saw amazement in the face of our postilion at what possible motive could have made three guests of his master clamber pell-mell over a gate into a field that led nowhere , in the midst of a heavy shower of rain , and then run away as if pursued ; and it was the expression in his countenance which caused our mirth , which was increased to peals of merriment when we saw that , instead of waiting for us at the gate , as we had directed , he mounted his horses with all speed , and pushed on in a gallop along the road on the other side of the hedge , evidently to circumvent our nefarious plan ( as he conceived ) of bilking his master both of our dinners and the chaise-hire . When the cessation of our uncontrollable mirth had allowed us to gather specimens of our plant , perceiving through the hedge whereabouts we stopped , he also halted to watch our motions , and when he saw us run back , he obeyed our orders to return to the gate — where we got into the chaise , still in a roar of laughter at the whole affair , and at his awkward attempt to explain away his not having waited for us there , as we had directed , and evident high satisfaction at bringing back in triumph to our inn the three cheats whose intended plans he had so cleverly frustrated , as he no doubt told his master ; to whom , being too much amused with the adventure , we did not make any explanation , but left it to form one of the traditions of the inn . ’ When a man excels in anything , it must always be of some consequence to know what were his habits , and what external means he employed , in connection with his particular gift . Mr Spence says : ‘ There were two circumstances in Mr Kirby 's study of insects , by which I was always forcibly struck on my visits to him at Barham . The first was the little parade of apparatus with which his extensive and valuable acquisitions were made . If going to any distance , he would put into his pocket a forceps-net and small water-net , with which to catch bees , flies , and aquatic insects ; but , in general , I do not remember to have seen him use a net of any other description . His numerous captures of rare and new Coleoptera were mostly made by carefully searching for them in their haunts , from which — if trees , shrubs , or long grass , & c .— he would beat them with his walking-stick into a newspaper ; and , collected in this way , he would bring home in a few small phials in his waistcoat pockets , and in a moderate-sized collecting-box , after an afternoon 's excursion , a booty often much richer than his companions had secured with their more elaborate apparatus . The second circumstance in Mr Kirby 's study of insects , to which I allude , was the deliberate and careful way in which he investigated the nomenclature of his species . Every author likely to have described them was consulted , their descriptions duly estimated ; and it was only after thus coming to the decision that the insect before him had not been previously described , that he placed it in his cabinet under a new name . It was owing to this cautious mode of proceeding — which young entomologists would do well to follow — that he fell into so few errors , and rendered such solid service to the science ; and a not less careful consideration was always exercised by him in the forming of new genera , and in his published descriptions of new species , as his admirable papers in the Linn æ an Transactions amply testify . ’ Considering how well Mr Kirby performed his professional duties , how much he did to advance his favourite science , and how greatly he contributed to the happiness of society within the sphere of his personal influence , his may truly be said to have been a well-spent life . On this account , Mr Freeman 's memoir may be recommended to the notice of many who are not as yet conscious of the charms of entomology . FOOTNOTES : [ 2 ] Life of the Rev . William Kirby , M. A . By John Freeman . 8vo , pp . 506 . London : Longman & Co. 1852 . THE MODERN TARTAR . The phrase , ‘ Catching a Tartar , ’ points to a peculiarity in Tartar life , which , however correct historically , is not in keeping with the actual current state of the Mongol character . It implies something impetuous , stern , unyielding , relentless , and cruel ; whereas the modern life of the children of the desert exhibits much that is simple , confiding , generous , and even chivalric . It is nothing to our discredit that we should have been so long in discovering these features in the great nomadic class of the day , because European barbarians are absolutely prohibited from visiting the desert places which are the scenes of their wanderings ; and but for the enterprise of two Roman Catholic missionaries from France , we should probably have remained in ignorance for a much longer period . These gentlemen , however , have thrown a light on this subject , which is too remarkable to be passed over without notice . Messrs Gabet and Huc composed their work in 1846 , but it has only recently been published in this country , [ 3 ] and its perusal cannot fail to modify many of our preconceived notions regarding Tartar life . It will , for example , be admitted that , according to the hitherto popular acceptation of the character , Tartars were not exactly the sort of persons on whom practical jokes might be perpetrated with impunity . Read , however , the following anecdote :— While our two travellers were one day in their tents , two Tartar horsemen dashed up to the entrance , and threw themselves on the ground . ‘ Men of prayer , ’ said they with voices full of emotion , ‘ we come to ask you to draw our horoscope . We have this day had two horses stolen from us . We cannot find the robbers , and we come to you men of learning , to tell us where we shall find our property . ’ ‘ Brothers , ’ answered the missionaries , ‘ we are not lamas of Buddha , and do not believe in horoscopes . For a man to say that he can discover stolen goods by such means , is falsehood and deception . ’ The horsemen entreated , but the priests were inflexible , and the disappointed Tartars mounted their steeds , and galloped off . It so happened that Samdadchiemba , the guide of the missionaries — a Christianised Oriental , but withal a very merry fellow — was present during this interview , but he sat drinking his tea without uttering a word . All on a sudden he knitted his brows , rose , and came to the door . The horsemen were at some distance ; but the dchiahour , by an exertion of his strong lungs , induced them to turn round in their saddles . He motioned to them , and they , thinking that the horoscope was to be given , galloped once more to the tent . ‘ My Mongol brothers , ’ said Samdadchiemba , ‘ in future be more careful : watch your herds well , and you wo n't be robbed . Retain these words of mine in your memory : they are worth all the horoscopes in the world . ’ Samdad — the reader will perhaps thank us for the abbreviation — gravely returned to the tent ; and the Tartars did not dismount and whip him , as two horsemen of any other nation under the sun would have done , but quietly resumed their journey . It appeared that Samdad had once acted as diviner on a similar occasion . The missing valuable was a bull , and the sage having called for eleven stones , counted , arranged and rearranged them with great gravity , and then appeared to meditate . ‘ If you would find your bull , go seek him in the north , ’ said the magician ; and without querulously inquiring , like Shakspeare 's Richard , what Taurus did in that region , the Mongols pursued a northern course , and by mere chance actually discovered the animal . Samdad was entertained for a week , and took his departure laden with butter and tea . He hinted his regret that ‘ his attachment to Mother Church ’ prevented him from playing the soothsayer to the two horsemen . A peculiarity in Tartar manners , regarding stolen horses when abstracted near caravans , is likely to prove of more service than casting horoscopes . Some time after the occurrence mentioned , the missionaries lost a horse and mule . ‘ We each mounted a camel , and made a circuit in search of the animals . Our search being futile , we resolved to proceed to the Mongol encampment , and inform them that our loss had taken place near their habitation . By a law among the Tartars , when animals are lost from a caravan , the persons occupying the nearest encampment are bound either to find them or replace them .... This it is which has contributed to render the Mongols so skilful in tracking . A mere glance at the slight traces left by an animal on the grass , suffices to inform the Mongol pursuer how long it is since it passed , and whether or not it bore a rider ; and the track once found , they follow it throughout all its meanderings , however complicated . ‘ We had no sooner explained our loss to the Mongol chief , than he said to us cheerfully : “ Sirs Lamas , do not permit sorrow to invade your hearts . Your animals cannot be lost ; in these plains there are neither robbers nor associates of robbers . I will send in quest of your horses . If we do not find them , you may select what others you please in their place from our herd . We would have you leave this place as happy as you came to it ." ’ Eight horses darted off in pursuit ; the missionaries were invited to take tea in the interim , and in two hours the strayed cattle were recovered . We should like to know in what other country travellers would be so treated ? Regal personages in these regions observe the characteristic simple manners of the country . Our pilgrims were pursuing their solitary way , when the tramping of many horses and the sound of many voices disturbed the silence of the desert . A large caravan belonging to the queen of Mourguevan overtook them , and a mandarin addressed them . ‘ Sirs , where is your country ? ’ ‘ We come from the west . ’ ‘ Through what districts have your beneficial shadows passed ? ’ ‘ We have come from Tolon Noor . ’ ‘ Has peace accompanied your progress ? ’ ‘ Hitherto we have journeyed in all tranquillity . And you — are you at peace , and what is your country ? ’ ‘ We are Khalkhas of the kingdom of Mourguevan . ’ After some other Oriental queries and answers , her majesty comes up . The cavalcade halted , and the camels formed into a semicircle , the centre being occupied by a close four-wheeled carriage . Two mandarins , ‘ decorated with the blue button , ’ opened the door , and handed out the queen , who was attired in a long silk robe . ‘ Sirs Lamas , ’ said she , raising her hands , ‘ is this place auspicious for an encampment ? ’ ‘ Royal pilgrim of Mourguevan , ’ said we , ‘ you may light your fires here in all security . For ourselves , we must proceed on our way , for the sun was already high when we folded our tent . ’ The Tartars are divided into two grand classes — lamas and laymen . The former act as priests , lawyers , physicians , painters , decorators , & c ., and in fact monopolise every learned and liberal art and profession . Of course , they are held in high repute ; and our travellers having , like Joseph Wolff , adopted sacerdotal costume , they were everywhere received with the honours and respect awarded to the indigenous clergy . It will duly appear , from subsequent illustrations , that mere ecclesiasticism did not secure the hospitality and kindness which they experienced at all hands ; but even after making allowance for the national devotion to the cloth , the attentions shewed by the Mongols are often marked by a delicate sense of the hospitable . On one occasion , M. Huc and his companions encountered an unusual storm of rain and wind . After travelling several weary miles , Samdad contrived to erect the tent in a place that , for the locality , was tolerable , but no more . ‘ My spiritual fathers , ’ observed the guide , ‘ I told you we should not die to-day of thirst , but I am not at all sure that we do n't run some risk of dying of hunger . ’ In point of fact , there seemed no possibility of making a fire . There was not a tree , not a shrub , not a root to be seen . As to argols , the rain had long since reduced that combustible of the desert to a liquid pulp . The pilgrims were about to partake of the primitive fare of meal steeped in cold water — a cheerless beverage to three men drenched to the skin — when at the critical juncture up came two Tartars . ‘ Sirs Lamas , this day the heavens have fallen . You doubtless have been unable to make a fire . ’ ‘ Alas ! how should we make a fire ? we have no argols . ’ ‘ Men are all brothers , and belong to each other ; but laymen should honour and serve the holy ones : therefore it is that we have come to make a fire for you . ’ The fire soon blazed and crackled , and a hot repast speedily rejoiced the jaded frames of the two priests and the imp Samdad . The domiciliary hospitalities of the Tartars are frank and artless , forming a marked contrast to the formal reception of strangers among the Chinese . ‘ On entering , you give the word of peace , amor or mendon , to the company generally . You then seat yourself on the right of the head of the family , whom you find squatting on the floor opposite the entrance . Next , everybody takes from a purse , suspended at his girdle , a little snuff-bottle , and mutual pinches accompany such phrases as these : “ Is the pasturage with you rich and abundant ? ” “ Are your herds in fine condition ? ” “ Did you travel in peace ? ” “ Does tranquillity prevail ? ” The mistress then silently holds out her hand to the visitor . He as silently takes from his breast-pocket a small wooden bowl , the indispensable vade mecum of all Tartars , and presents it to the hostess , who fills it with tea and milk , and returns it . ’ In higher families , a table is spread with butter , oatmeal , millet , cheese , all in small boxes of polished wood ; and these luxuries are all mixed in the everlasting tea . Amongst the uppermost aristocratic classes , fermented milk is proffered ; but Europeans would perhaps regard this liquor as more honoured by being set aside than indulged in . We now proceed to exhibit some traits of Tartar character , as developed in their intercourse with their Asiatic brethren . As usual , a horseman overtakes or meets the travellers ; and after the customary salutations , the missionaries inquired why he and his brethren did not cultivate corn , instead of allowing every field to run to grass . ‘ We Mongols , ’ replied this stranger , ‘ are formed for living in tents , and pasturing cattle . So long as we kept to that in the kingdom of Gechekten , we were rich and happy . Now , ever since the Mongols have set themselves to cultivating the land , and building houses , they have become poor . The Kitats ( Chinese ) have taken possession of the country : flocks , herds , lands , houses — all have passed into their hands . There remain to us only a few prairies , on which still live under their tents such of the Mongols as have not been forced by utter destitution to emigrate to other lands . ’ ‘ But if the Chinese are so baneful to you , why did you allow them to penetrate into your country ? ’ ‘ We took pity on these wicked Kitats , who came to us weeping , to solicit our charity . We allowed them , through pure compassion , to cultivate a few patches of land . The Mongols insensibly followed their example , and abandoned the nomadic life . They drank the wine of the Kitats , and smoked their tobacco on credit ; they bought their manufactures on credit , at double the real value . When the day of payment came , there was no money ready , and the Mongols had to yield to the violence of their creditors houses , lands , flocks , everything . ’ ‘ But could you not seek justice from the tribunals ? ’ ‘ Justice from the tribunals ! That is out of the question . The Kitats are skilful to talk and to lie . It is impossible for a Mongol to gain a suit against a Kitat . Sirs Lamas , the kingdom of Gechekten is undone ! ’ After-experience amply corroborated the truth of these statements . ‘ The commercial intercourse between the Tartars and the Chinese is revoltingly iniquitous on the part of the latter . So soon as the Mongols arrive in a trading town , they are snapped up by some Chinese , who carry them off , as it were , by main force to their houses , give them tea for themselves , and forage for their horses , and cajole them in every conceivable way . The Mongols take all they hear to be perfectly genuine , and congratulate themselves — conscious , as they are , of their inaptitude for business — upon their good-fortune in thus meeting with brothers Ahaton , as they say , in whom they can place full confidence , and who will undertake to manage their whole business for them . A good dinner , provided in the back-shop , completes the illusion — and when once the Chinese has established his hold , he employs all the resources of a skilful and utterly unprincipled knavery . He keeps his victim in his house , eating , drinking , and smoking one day after another , until his subordinates have sold all the poor man 's cattle , or whatever else he has to sell , and bought for him in return the commodities he requires , at prices double and treble the market value . But so plausible is the Chinese , and so simple is the Tartar , that the latter invariably departs with the most entire confidence in the immense philanthropy of the former , and with a promise to return , when he has other goods to sell , to the establishment where he has been treated so fraternally . ’ The missionaries were themselves mistaken for Tartars when they visited the ‘ Blue Town , ’ and every kind of imposition was attempted to be practised on them . The hotel scouts assailed them at their first entry , and almost compelled them , by physical force , to become their guests ; shopkeepers cozened on all hands ; and even bankers condescended to cheat . Messrs Gabet and Huc wished to exchange silver for Chinese coin current . The Tartars can weigh , but cannot calculate , and accordingly the bank-teller of Blue Town , after gravely consulting his souan-pan ( exchange-table ) , announced the value to be about a thousand sapeks less than it should have been . The missionaries remonstrated , and a colleague was called in to check the sum , but he , with due gravity , declared that the first was right . A bystander interfered , and declared in favour of the strangers . ‘ Sirs Lamas , ’ said the banker , ‘ your mathematics are better than mine . ’ ‘ Oh , not at all , ’ replied we , with a profound bow ; ‘ your souan-pan is excellent ; but who ever heard of a calculator always exempt from error ? ’ These phrases were , it seems , rigorously required under the circumstances by Chinese politeness . Whenever any person in China is compromised by any awkward incident , those present always carefully refrain from any observation which may make him blush , or , as the Chinese call it , take away his face . A further proof of Chinese cupidity was afforded by the admission of a gentleman , whom we may take the liberty of denominating an Oriental bagman . This worthy arrived at an inn after our travellers had secured all the accommodation . ‘ Peace and happiness unto you , Sirs Lamas ; do you need the whole of your room , or can you accommodate me ? ’ ‘ Why not ? We are all brothers , and should serve each other . ’ ‘ Words of excellence ! You are Tartars , I am Chinese ; yet comprehending the claims of hospitality , you act upon the truth that all men are brothers . ’ ‘ Whither are you bound ? Are you going to buy up salt or catsup for some Chinese company ? ’ ‘ No ; I represent a great commercial house at Peking , and I am collecting some debts from the Tartars .... You , like myself , are Tartar-eaters — you eat them by prayers , I by commerce . And why not ? The Mongols are poor simpletons , and we may as well get their money as anybody else .... Oh , we devour them ; we pick them clean ! Whatever they see , when they come into our towns , they want ; and when we know who they are , and where we can find them , we let them have goods upon credit of course at a considerable advance upon the price , and upon interest at 30 and 40 per cent ., which is quite right and necessary . In China , the emperor 's laws do not allow this ; it is only done with the Tartars . Well , they do n't pay the money , and the interest goes on until there is a good sum owing , worth the coming for . When we come for it , we take all the cattle and sheep and horses we can get hold of for the interest , and leave the capital debt and future interest to be paid next time , and so it goes on from one generation to another . Oh , a Tartar debt is a gold-mine ! ’ The yearly settlement of accounts amongst the Chinese furnishes another curious chapter in their commercial life . Bills are made up to the last few days of the year , ‘ and every Chinese being at once debtor and creditor , every Chinese is hunting his debtors and hunted by his creditors . He who returns from his neighbour 's house , which he has been throwing into utter confusion by his clamorous demands for what the neighbour owes him , finds his own house turned inside out by an uproarious creditor ; and so the thing goes round . The whole town is a scene of vociferation , disputation , and fighting . On the last day of the year , disorder attains its height ; people rush in all directions with anything they can scratch together to raise money upon at the broker 's or pawnbroker 's — the shops of which tradesmen are absolutely besieged throughout the day with profferers of clothes , bedding , furniture , cooking utensils , and movables of every description . Those who have already cleared their houses in this way , and yet have not satisfied the demands upon them , post off to their relations and friends , to borrow something or other , which they vow shall be returned immediately , but which immediately takes its way to the tang-pon or pawnbroker 's . This species of anarchy continues till midnight , then calm resumes its sway . No one , after the twelfth hour has struck , can claim a debt , or even make the slightest allusion to it . You now only hear the words of peace and good-will ; everybody fraternises with everybody . Those who were just before on the point of twisting their neighbour 's neck , now twine their friendly arms about it . ’ Tartar warriors and Tartar robbers are also peculiar of their kind . The warrior presents a curious combination of the national simplicity with the spirit of the ancient Gascon . Two of those military gentlemen gave a singular account of the war with the Rebels of the South , as the English are designated . They belonged to the Eight Banners , or army of reserve — and stated , that when at war the grand-master ( the emperor of China ) first sent the Kitats against the enemy ; next the banners of the Solon country are set in motion ; and if they fail , then ‘ we ( the Tchakars ) take the field , and the mere sound of our march suffices to reduce the rebels to subjection ! ’ In the English war , the first two classes availed not , and then came the turn of the sacred order . ‘ The Kitats told us everywhere that we were marching upon certain and unavailing death . “ What can you do against sea-monsters ? They live in the water like fish : when you least expect them , they appear on the surface , and hurl the fire-bombs at you ; while the instant your bow is bent to shoot them , down they dive like frogs ." ’ The third class was not to be intimidated ; the lamas had opened the Book of Celestial Secrets , and predicted victory ; and on they marched , till met with the intelligence that the rebels , hearing of the approach of this invincible legion , had sued for and obtained peace ! The robbers of this extraordinary territory are also entitled to claim credit for their share of eccentricity . ‘ They are extremely polite ; they do not rudely clap a pistol to your ear , and bawl at you : “ Your money or your life ! ” No ; they mildly advance with a courteous salutation : “ Venerable elder brother , I am on foot ; pray lend me your horse . I 've got no money ; be good enough to lend me your purse . It 's quite cold to-day ; oblige me with the loan of your coat . ” If the venerable elder brother charitably complies , the matter ends with : “ Thanks , brother ! ” but otherwise , the request is forthwith emphasised with the arguments of a cudgel ; and if these do not convince , recourse is had to the sabre . ’ As a matter of course , Chinese thieves belong in contrast to the species of which the ‘ Artful Dodger ’ may be regarded as the type . The modus operandi of Eastern appropriators is this : ‘ Two of them , associated together for the purpose , hawk about various articles of merchandise — boots , skin-coats , bricks of tea , and what not . They offer these for sale to travellers . While one of them engages the attention of the destined victim by displaying his goods and bargaining , the other ferrets about , and pockets whatever he can lay his hands on . These rascals have inconceivable skill in counting your sapeks for you , in such a way as to finger fifty or one hundred of them without your having the slightest notion as to what is going on . One day , two of these little thieves came to offer for our purchase a pair of leathern boots . Excellent boots , said they — boots such as we would not find in any shop in the whole town ; boots that would keep out the rain for days ; and as to cheapness , perfectly unexampled . If we missed this opportunity , we should never have such another . Only just before they had been offered 1200 sapeks for them ! As we did not want boots , we replied that we could not have them at any price . Thereupon the acting merchant assumed a lofty tone of generosity . We were foreigners , we should have them for 1000 sapeks , 900 , 800 , 700 . “ Well , ” said we , “ we certainly do n't want any boots just now ; yet doubtless , as you say , these are very cheap , and it will be worth while to buy them as a reserve . ” The bargain was accordingly concluded ; we took our purse and counted out 700 sapeks to the merchant , who counted them over himself , under our very eyes , pronounced the amount correct , and once more laid the coin before us . He then called out to his companion , who was poking about in the court-yard : “ Here , I have sold these capital boots for 700 sapeks . ” “ Nonsense , ” cried the other ; “ 700 sapeks ! I wont hear of such a thing ! ” “ Very well , ” said we ; “ come , take your boots , and be off with you ! ” He was off , and so quickly , that we thought it expedient to count our sapeks once more : there were 150 of them gone ; and that was not all . While one of these rascals had been pocketing our money under our very nose , the other had bagged two great iron pins that we had driven into the court-yard for the purpose of our camels . Therefore , we took a resolution , better late than never , to admit in future no merchant whatever into our room . ’ We cannot sufficiently regret , that two travellers who have furnished us with such interesting accounts of territories comparatively so little unexplored , should , after a brief sojourn , have been compelled to quit the scene of their labours . After eighteen months ’ travel , Messrs Huc and Gabet arrived at the Thibetian town of Lha-Ssa , where , under the protection of the local authorities , they remained unmolested for several weeks ; but their presence excited the jealousy of Ki-Chan , the deputy of the emperor of China , and at his instigation the nomekhan of Lha-Ssa ordered them to quit . They ultimately settled at Macao in 1846 , and there compiled the narrative from which we have been quoting . FOOTNOTES : [ 3 ] Travels in Tartary , Thibet , and China , during the years 1844-5-6 . By M. Huc . Translated by W. Hazlitt . London . ( National Illustrated Library .) A DAINTY DISH . Among the variety of curious insects which are common to tropical climates , the groogroo worms of the West Indies may be considered particularly interesting . From the peculiar manner in which they are produced , and from the circumstance of their constituting a choice article of food for man , they become entitled to some attention . The groogroo worm — so called because it is found in a species of palm vulgarly called the groogroo — is the larva of a large-sized beetle , the Prionus , which is peculiar to the warm latitudes of America . With the exception of a slight similarity about the region of the head , the worm bears no resemblance to the parent beetle . When full-grown , it is about 3-1 / 2 inches in length , having the body large and turgid , and increasing in circumference from the head towards the opposite extremity . The head is of a corneous , opaque substance . It has neither eyes nor the rudiments of the antenn æ which distinguish the beetle tribe . It is , however , provided with the mandibles and other oral apparatus of the mandibulate group of insects , and it is only in this feature that any connection with the beetle can be traced . The trunk is precisely that of a worm ; it consists of many closely-knitted segments , which are possessed of an extraordinary contractile power . It bears no mark which would indicate a future metamorphosis into a beetle . There is no sign of a future division into thorax and abdomen . There are no rudiments of wings or feet , as the under surface of the body presents exactly the same appearances as the upper . At the posterior extremity of the worm , however , there is a small horny termination , something like the hinder part of a leech . The organs are exceedingly simple , the digestive being the most developed . Albumen is the substance which composes its body , and its blood is of a greenish tint . With a motion similar to that of the earthworm , it perforates with extraordinary rapidity into the substance of the tree in which it is found . When the moon is at her full , the gatherer of worms enters a neighbouring wood , and selects a young palmiste tree . This is a tree of the palm order , exceedingly stately and graceful , growing sometimes to the extraordinary height of eighty feet . From the roots upwards , it has not a single branch or shrubby excrescence , but grows beautifully smooth and straight , tapering towards the top . At its top , an abundance of the richest and most beautiful leaves spread out in graceful symmetry , and bend down on all sides , forming a figure like an umbrella ; while the young leaf , still firm and compact in its foliar envelope , is seen standing erect in the centre of this foliage , like a lightning-conductor . When a promising palmiste is found , the gatherer makes an incision into it with a cutlass or a hatchet . This incision is generally in the figure of a half-moon , with the base of the semicircle downwards , and the wound increasing in depth in that direction , so as to expose effectually the flesh of the tree . When this is done , the gatherer marks the locality , and leaves the tree , which he does not revisit for a considerable time . When the moon is in her wane , he returns and examines his palmiste . If the young leaf , together with the others , begins to shew a yellow tinge at its extremity , and if , on application of his ear to the trunk , a hollow , rumbling noise is heard within , he concludes that the worms have attacked the vital parts , and the tree is immediately cut down ; but if these symptoms are absent , the tree is left standing until they appear . The gatherer , however , must now visit the tree frequently , because the transition of the insects is so rapid , that almost immediately after the appearance of the yellow tinge the whole would disappear . When the tree is felled , a square portion of the bark is cut out longitudinally from the original incision upwards , and its fibrous texture laid open . Myriads of worms are then seen voraciously devouring their way through the substance . In capturing them some degree of dexterity is necessary , both to protect one 's self from the mandibles of the insects , which inflict a painful bite , and also to save time , by preventing them from burrowing out of sight . When the worms are taken , they are placed into a close vessel , where they continue to retain their activity and vigour . The number that can be procured from a single tree , depends altogether upon the season in which it is wounded . If the moon is at her full , they are generally numerous and good — many thousands being found in an ordinary young tree of 25 feet in height . If a few succeed in eluding the gatherer , they do so only to become a prey of as voracious animals , for the wild hogs , or quencos , of the forest relish much the soft substance of the palmiste when in a state of decomposition . It never happens , therefore , that much time passes before they discover any palmiste-tree that has been felled ; and as soon as night sets in , they flock in numbers to the spot and devour the whole substance . A gathering of worms , therefore , brings a hunt of quencos ; and the gatherer , when his first business is over , chooses a convenient tree , where he places himself in ambush . Seated on a cross branch , he awaits the coming of the animals . It is difficult to form an idea of the peculiar excitement of this midnight sport in the thick woods of a tropical country . The usual stillness of the night , and the solitude of the wilderness — the croaking of the night-birds , the movement of every leaf , animated as it is by the myriads of nocturnal insects that fill the atmosphere — the brilliant and fleeting fire-flies traversing the gloom — the strange animals wandering in their nightly prowlings — the approach of the grunting hogs , and the incidents of the hunt : all these things , combined with the idea of isolation when a man finds himself alone in the wilds of a scarcely pervious forest , create an inexpressible feeling of mingled fear , pleasure , and anxiety . Before the worms are cooked , they are , each in its turn , carefully pricked with an orange-thorn , and thrown into a vessel containing a sauce of lime-juice and salt . This is for the purpose of cleansing them from the viscid fluids they may have imbibed from the palmiste . Notwithstanding this discipline , the worms retain their vitality till they are deprived of it by the culinary process . The simpler mode of dressing them is to spit a number together on a piece of stick or a long orange-thorn , and roast them before the fire in their own fat . The general mode , however , is by frying them with or without a sauce , and when dressed in this manner , they form a most savoury dish . Groogroo worms are considered great delicacies in some parts of the West Indies , chiefly in those whose inhabitants are of French or Spanish origin . The good old planter at his table presents you with a dish of worms , with as much pride as an epicure in England introduces you to cod-sounds , eels , or high venison . Nor does it appear that there is any peculiarity in the taste of those who relish the insects ; because it very frequently happens , that the stranger , who manifested on his arrival the greatest disgust at the idea of eating worms , becomes immediately converted into an extravagant lover of them . It may appear strange , that in the tropics , especially , where nature provides so abundantly for the wants of man , such creatures should be resorted to as articles of consumption ; but while we on this side of the Atlantic are shocked at the idea of eating worms , the West Indian consumer in his turn expresses surprise that human beings can use things which resemble snakes so much as eels , and pronounces it to be the height of uncleanness to eat frogs , as some of the continentals do . Indeed , the groogroo worm is by no means more repulsive in appearance than any of the other unprepossessing creatures which are so highly prized . It would be a difficult matter to decide on the merits of the many extraordinary things which the taste of man , in its morbid cravings , has discovered and converted into luxurious use ; and the philosopher finds himself at last driven to take shelter from his own unanswerable inquiries behind the concluding power of that most true , but somewhat musty proverb : ‘ De gustibus non est disputandum . ’ GRATITUDE OF THE COUNTRY FOR STEAM COMMUNICATION . Mr Patrick Miller of Dalswinton , who first experimented in the application of steam to navigation , never received any mark of gratitude from his country ; his family , though long in comparatively reduced circumstances , remain to this day equally without requital on that account . Henry Bell , who , taking his ideas from Mr Miller 's experimental boat , first set a steam-vessel afloat in this country , spent his latter years in poverty , from which he was rescued only a short time before his death by a small pension from the Clyde Trustees . Mr Thomas Gray , whose Observations on Railways , published about thirty years ago , may be said to have given origin and impulse to our present railway system , by which three hundred millions have been expended , died in poverty , to which he had been reduced by his exertions in the cause ; his widow and children are at this day in that state , without any public acknowledgment of his services to the country ; and his son has lately applied to nearly every railway company in the kingdom for a situation , but in vain . Beyond a pension of L. 50 a year to the widow of Mr James Taylor , who prompted Mr Miller to try his experiments , we are not aware of a single penny having been expended by the country in requiting the services , or compensating the losses , of individuals in respect of steam communications of any kind . A DREAM OF RESURRECTION . So heavenly beautiful it lay , It was less like a human corse Than that fair shape in which perforce A dead hope clothes itself alway . The dream shewed very plain : the bed Where that known unknown face reposed — A woman 's face with eyelids closed , A something precious that was dead : A something , lost on this side life , By which the mourner came and stood , And laid down , ne'er to be renewed , All glittering robes of earthly strife ;— Shred off , like votive locks of hair , Youth 's ornaments of joy and strength , And cast them in their golden length The silence of that bier to share . No tears fell — but a gaze , fixed , long , That memory might print the face On the heart 's ever-vacant space With a sun-finger , sharp and strong . Then kisses , dropping without sound ; And solemn arms wound round the dead ; And lifting from the natural bed Into the coffin 's strange new bound ; Yet still no parting — no belief In death ; no more than we believe In some dread falsehood that would weave The world in one black shroud of grief . And still , unanswered kisses ; still , Warm clingings to the image cold , With an impossible faith 's close fold , Creative , through its fierce ‘ I will . ’ Hush , hush ! the marble eyelids move ; The kissed lips quiver into breath ; Avaunt , thou ghastly-seeming Death ! Avaunt ! We are conquerors — I and Love ! Corse of dead hope , awake , arise ! A living hope , that only slept Until the tears thus overwept Had washed the blindness from our eyes . Come back into the upper day ! Dash off those cerements ! Patient shroud , We 'll wrap thee as a garment proud Round the bright shape we thought was clay . Clasp , arms ! Cling , soul ! Eyes , drink anew , Like pilgrims at a living spring ! Faith , that out-loved this perishing , May see this resurrection too . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & CO ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .