Sir W. C. Rofs , R. A. A. B . Ross THE UNMARRIED BELLE Engraved Expressly for Graham 's Magazine GRAHAM 'S MAGAZINE . VOL . XXXIII . PHILADELPHIA , OCTOBER , 1848 . No . 4 . THE UNMARRIED BELLE . BY ENNA DUVAL . [ SEE ENGRAVING .] Talk not of wasted affection , affection never was wasted ; If it enrich not the heart of another , its waters returning Back to their springs , like the rain , shall fill them full of refreshment ; That which the fountain sends forth returns again to the fountain . Patience ; accomplish thy labor ; accomplish thy work of affection ! Sorrow and silence are strong , and patient endurance is godlike ; Therefore accomplish thy labor of love , till the heart is made godlike , Purified , strengthened , perfected , and rendered more worthy of heaven ! LONGFELLOW 'S EVANGELINE . I was loitering beside my mother 's chair , in her drawing-room , one day on my return from school , listening to the conversation between her and some morning visiters ; they were discussing most earnestly the merits of a reigning belle . “ She is , indeed , perfectly beautiful , ” exclaimed my mother . “ I looked at her the other evening , when I saw her at the last concert , and thought a more lovely creature could not exist . The music excited her , and her cheek was delicately flushed , which heightened the brilliancy of her eyes ; her lovely lips were just half apart and trembling with feeling . Then she understands so well the art and mystery of dressing . While other young ladies around her were in the full pride of brilliant costume , the eye felt freshened and relieved when looking at her — there was such a repose in her demi-toilette . The simple white dress was so pure and chaste in its effect , displaying only her lovely throat , and her beautiful chestnut-brown hair was gathered up carelessly but neatly , while over one tiny ear fell a rich cluster of ringlets ; then , with all her beauty and exquisite taste , she is so unconscious , so unstudied . That the world should call Mary Lee a beauty , I do not wonder ; but that society should pronounce her a belle , is , indeed , a surprise to me — she is so unassuming , so free from art and affectation . ” “ So unlike her mother , ” exclaimed a lady , eagerly . “ I think Mary 's success in society is as gratifying as unexpected to Mrs. Lee . She delayed her entr é e into society as long as she could , and used to lament most piteously to me the trouble she expected to have with her , from her total want of animation and spirit . But now she seems to have entirely forgotten her former misgivings , for she takes many airs on herself about Mary 's popularity , talking all the while as though scarcely any one was good enough for the husband of the daughter she pronounced one year ago a stupid , inanimate creature . ” “ Ah ! ” said a gentleman , laughing , “ the tie now is between young Morton and Langley , I believe . As Langley is the more distingu é of the two , I suppose the mother will favor him ; but if one can judge from appearances , the daughter prefers Harry Morton . ” “ I can assure you , ” interrupted Mr. Foster , an intimate friend of our family , “ the daughter has quite as much admiration for the rich Mr. Langley as the mother . There is a little incident connected with that same concert Mrs. Duval speaks of , that convinces me of the daughter 's powers of management . ” “ Shame on you , Philip Foster ! ” said my mother , “ you should not talk thus of any lady , much less of Mary Lee . ” “ What was the incident , Mr. Foster ? ” eagerly inquired the other ladies . “ Yes , do tell us , Phil , ” urged his gentleman friend . My mother looked reproachfully at Mr. Foster , but he shook his head laughingly at her , as he said , “ Hear me first , dear Mrs. Duval , before you judge . I was at Mrs. Lee 's two or three mornings since . Several visitors were in the drawing-rooms , among them Harry Morton , as usual . I was looking at a new and costly collection of engravings on the commode table , when I overheard Harry Morton ask Miss Lee if he should join their party at the concert the next evening . She replied that she regretted they were not going , for she had already promised her mother to dine and spend the evening quietly with an old friend . The next evening at the concert the whole Lee party were there , and our belle , Miss Mary , was brought in by young Langley , just newly arrived from Europe . The unconscious demi-toilette Mrs. Duval speaks so admiringly of , had the desired effect . Langley 's taste has been chastened by a voyage over the Atlantic ; the noisy over-dressing of his countrywomen would , of course , annoy his delicate sense — therefore was the simple home costume adopted in preference , and the “ available ” Mr. Langley secured as an admirer . ” “ I do not believe any such thing , Philip ! ” exclaimed my mother , indignantly . “ I will answer for it , there was some mistake . Mary Lee would scorn a falsehood , and is entirely above all artifice or design . Mrs. Lee is said to be maneuvering and worldly ; if she is , her daughter is entirely free from such influences . ” “ How did Morton take it , Phil ? ” asked the other friend , laughingly . “ He was with me , ” replied Mr. Foster , evidently enjoying with some little malice my kind mother 's annoyance , “ we had dropped into the concert by chance together . He looked thunderstruck , but said nothing , and did not approach her during the whole evening . She knew he was there , however , for I saw her return his cold bow in a painfully embarrassed manner . ” The entrance of some other visiters , connected with the Lees , put an end to the conversation . That night , when my nurse was undressing me for bed , I said , “ What 's a belle , Katy ? ” “ A very rich and beautiful young lady , ” replied my nurse , “ who has plenty of lovers , and gets married very soon . ” “ Will I ever be a belle ? ” I innocently inquired , as she gathered up my rebellious hair under my cap . “ No , ” she replied , in impatient tones , “ your hair is too straight , and your skin too yellow ; but you must do as you 're told to , or else nobody will even love you ; so go to sleep right away . ” I was silenced , and thus obedience was obtained by appealing to my love of approbation . Many years passed , bringing me to womanhood , when I discovered the truth of Nurse Katy 's reason why I should not be a belle . Other people decided that my “ hair was too straight , and my skin too yellow , ” to use Katy 's homely , rough words ; but her brusque admonition , that made me go to sleep so quickly when a child , acted upon me as a woman . My approbativeness once roused , I managed , despite my want of personal attractions , to secure a host of friends ; and the lesson I then learned , to please others rather than myself for the sake of gaining their love , has caused my life thus far to be very sunny and happy , even more so than if I had been the belle my childish fancy desired . One of Nurse Katy 's principal attributes of a belle , however , Mary Lee was deficient in . She did not get married at all — and Mary Lee she remained all her life . But she was one of the loveliest old maids in the world , and quite as popular in our circle as she had been in her own . She had been confined many years with an invalid mother and paralytic father , but after their death some time , she re-entered society ; and her house was the favorite resort of the new set of young people , as it had been in her young days . She gave the most delightful parties , planned the most pleasant enjoyments for us , and although acknowledging herself to be an old maid , she still retained her youthful feelings unimpaired . Her mind remained in a fresh , healthy state , and her disposition was still sweet and joyous . How we all loved her ; she was our confidante , adviser and friend . She was still pretty , and might have proved a very formidable rival had she chosen to enter society as a young lady ; but she preferred being regarded by us as an elder friend . The young ladies grouped around her as younger sisters ; and one half the young gentlemen would have married her instanter , notwithstanding she was ten or fifteen years their senior . Old maid as she was , strange to tell , she was a promoter of marriages . The ill-natured called Mary Lee a match-maker . She certainly did interest herself very much with lovers , fathoming all the little mysteries of their love-quarrels , and setting every thing quite straight , even when they seemed in inextricable confusion . Miss Lee had been very fond of my mother , and extended to me the same regard , therefore I was , notwithstanding the difference in our ages , on a more intimate footing with her than her other young friends . One day , as we were discussing the merits of an approaching wedding , the conversation assumed a confidential tone . “ Indeed , Enna , ” she exclaimed , laughingly , “ there is nothing more interesting to me than a couple of lovers full of romance , poetry , and perfectly blind and uncaring as to the future . I love to watch them in courtship , lend them a helping hand in the quicksands of that dangerous but delicious season ; and then it makes me so happy to congratulate them after their troubles are all over , and they are happily married . ” “ Ah ! if they only could be sure of happiness , ” I replied . “ Shame on you for that old maid 's croak ! ” she said , with a bright look ; “ those who are not happy in married life , would never be happy in any situation . There should be no old maids or old bachelors , Enna ; we would all be happier married ; we fail in fulfilling our missions when we remain single . Hunt up a lover , Enna ; let me watch your courtship , and rejoice over your wedding . As a clever friend of mine once said , we think poetry as lovers , but in married life we act true poetry . ” I opened my eyes with astonishment , and innocently asked , “ Why is it , then , you have never married ? ” A shadow crossed over her face , and I felt a desire to recall the question , for I feared I had called up disagreeable reminiscences , but the next instant her countenance was as beaming and calm as before . “ I will tell you , Enna , ” she said , as she caressingly rested her head on my shoulder , “ why I have never married ; but to do that I must relate the history of my rather uneventful life . My story has but little interest , but it will gratify the curiosity of one who loves me . My childhood was spent with an old aunt . She took me when I was a delicate wee thing , and I remained with her until her death , which took place when I was nearly grown . She was a dear , good old lady , and with her my life passed most happily ; my short visits home gave me little pleasure , for my mother was a very worldly , ambitious woman , and displayed but little tenderness for me , which , when contrasted with my aunt 's fondness and indulgence , made me feel quite as a stranger in my family ; and when Aunt Mary died , I wept as bitterly , and felt as lonely and bereft of friends , as though I did not possess a mother , father , and sisters . The two years after my aunt 's death were spent in close attention to those accomplishments which had been neglected in my education as unnecessary , and which my mother deemed so essential ; and not a day passed without my poor mother 's exclamations of despair over me . “ ‘ One comfort there is , however , ’ she would say , ‘ your aunt 's little fortune of a few thousands will be exaggerated in society , and people will forget your mauvaise honte in giving you credit for being an heiress . ’ “ But the report of my being an heiress was not needed , for when I entered society , to my mother 's amazement , I created quite a sensation . I had been looked upon as a pretty girl always ; but my mother had so often declared that I was so inanimate and innocent , she never would be able to do any thing with me , and my pretty face would be of no service to me , that I looked upon myself as quite an ordinary person , and was as much surprised at my belle-hood as my family . I wonder my little head was not turned with the attentions I received , so unused as I had been to admiration ; it might have been , however , had not a disappointment — a bitter , heart-aching disappointment , wearied me of all this adulation and attention . “ Soon after my entrance into society , I became acquainted with a Mr. Morton — agreeable , good-looking , and attentive he was , of course — quite an acquisition to me in my circle of admirers . His worldly qualifications were not of so brilliant a nature as to attract my prudent mother 's fancy , for he was only a young lawyer of slender means and moderate practice . I do not think she ever dreamed of the interest he excited in me , but looked upon him as one of the crowd of attendants necessarily surrounding a belle . But how differently I regarded him . The piles of costly bouquets I received daily , gained but little attention from me , unless I discerned among them the tiny bunch of sweet-violets , tea-roses , and mignonette , which he once in a great while sent me . In my ball-tablets my eyes sought the dances marked down for him ; and when he was my partner , the dance , generally so wearisome , was only too short , too delightful ; the reminiscence of that happy time makes a silly girl of me again . My mother never imagined he aspired to my hand — she would have looked aghast at the bare mention of such a probability ; but she regarded him as a friend , and he was a great favorite with her . She used to say young men like Harry Morton , that knew their places , were invaluable acquaintances for a belle ; thus were we thrown a great deal together . She was so blind to his real position with me , quick-sighted as she generally was in other things , I was permitted to have him for my partner in dancing , even for several quadrilles during an evening ; he was my constant attendant in my daily rides on horseback , and my mother never hesitated to call upon him if we were at any time in need of an escort to a ball or opera . He was upon the footing of a brother or cousin in the family ; but , ah ! how dear was he to me . Without any actual explanation , I felt sure of Harry Morton 's love . I never had any doubts or jealousies — we seemed to perfectly understand each other . I never looked forward to our future — I was too quietly happy in the present . I only dated from one meeting to another — from the dinner to the party , when he would be ready to hand us from our carriage , to take me off my father 's arm in compliance with my mother 's constant inquiry and request of , ‘ Where 's Harry Morton ? Here , Harry , do take charge of Mary , ’ a request which he always seemed delighted to obey . Then , after the happy good-night , I would lie my head on the pillow to dream of him and the morning ride we would take together . Why he never spoke to me of his love I cannot tell . It might have been that feelings of delicacy restrained him ; my father was rich , while he was but a poor young lawyer ; then report had made me an heiress in my own right , as well as a belle , to my worldly mother 's great content . That he loved me I am sure , though he never told me with his lips . “ One morning my mother said to me , ‘ Do not make any engagement for to-morrow , Mary ; we must dine en famille with dear old Mrs. Langley ; we have not been there for a month . ’ “ Now this Mrs. Langley was a person of great consideration in my mother 's eyes . She was very wealthy , and , moreover , had been at the head of the fashionable world for many years . Since my entrance into society , she had been quite an invalid , and rarely appeared in public , but it gratified her exceedingly to have her friends around her , for she dreaded yielding up her command in the world . My mother was an especial favorite of hers ; and after I had taken such a prominent situation in society , she expressed great regard for me . Once in a month or so we spent a day with her . She lived in great style — a stately dinner , and a stupid , grand , heavy evening was the amount of the visit . How I used to dread the coming of the day ; it was the only time I was separated from Harry , for Mrs. Langley being very exclusive , and making no new acquaintances , he had no entr é e there . I used to sing for her , arrange her worsteds , tell her of the parties and different entertainments , and read to her her son 's last letter . She had only one son , and he had been in Europe for two or three years . He was her idol , and she never tired talking of him . Dear old lady , my conscience smote me many times for the feelings of impatient weariness and ennui I would give way to during one of her tedious dinner parties . “ The following morning after my mother had announced the visit of penance , Harry Morton made his appearance in our drawing-rooms , as usual , with the other morning visiters . Every one was talking of a new singer who was to make her deb û t on that evening . “ ‘ May I join your party at the concert this evening ? ’ Harry asked me , in a low voice . “ ‘ I regret exceedingly , ’ I replied , ‘ that we are not going to the concert . I have already promised mamma to spend a quiet day and evening with an old friend of hers . You must listen attentively to this new donna , and tell me all about her voice if you go . ’ “ ‘ I do not think I shall go , ’ he replied , in low , earnest tones , ‘ for I could not enjoy the concert if not with you . ’ A turn in the general conversation drew us more into notice , and some ladies and gentlemen entering , put an end to all further intercourse between us ; how long I remembered and cherished those last words of his . When I made my appearance in my mother 's room at 5 o'clock , shawl and hood in hand , she regarded me from head to foot smilingly . “ ‘ What new caprice to-day ? ’ she said , ‘ and yet I must confess it is very becoming to you . ’ “ I had felt too languid to dress much , and as the weather was warm , spring being quite far advanced , I had chosen a simple white mull robe for the visit to our old friend , knowing that we should meet with but few visiters there . This I explained apologetically to my mother , who tapped me with her fan good-naturedly , saying that beauties were cunning creatures , they liked to show once in a while they could defy the aid of ornament . The first few months of my entrance into society my mother superintended , with great attention , all my toilettes ; but near the close of the season she fell into the general opinion , that what ever I did was exactly right ; and poor little me , that one short half-year before had no right to express an opinion upon so grave a subject as dress , was now constantly appealed to ; and whatever style I adopted was perfect in her eyes . Society had placed its stamp upon me , I could pass current as a coin of high value to her . “ When I reached Mrs. Langley 's , I found the old lady attended by but one gentleman , who , beside ourselves , was her only visiter . What was my surprise to hear her introduce him as her son , Templeton Langley . The dinner passed more pleasantly than usual , for Mr. Langley made himself very agreeable . After dinner he proposed we should go to the concert , as he felt an interest in the new primadonna , having heard her at her deb û t in Europe . I made an objection , which was overruled by Mrs. Langley 's expressing a desire — strange for her — to go likewise ; and we went . I had not been ten minutes in the room when , on lifting my eyes , the first person I saw was Harry Morton looking sternly at me . Foolishly , I grew embarrassed , my face burned , and my whole frame trembled with nervous agitation . He did not approach me , but gave me only a cold bow . ‘ He thinks me guilty of falsehood , ’ I said to myself . How wretchedly passed the evening , and yet I have no doubt I was an object of envy to many of my young lady friends . The rich distingu é, Templeton Langley showed himself my devoted admirer , while his mother , the acknowledged leader of ton , sat beside us smiling approvingly . My indifferent , cold manner , my simple costume , and my beautiful face , completed that evening the conquest of the fastidious , fashionable young man . You cannot imagine the delight of my mother , when day after day found Templeton Langley constantly beside me , she could scarcely restrain her exultation ; while I , poor child , listened with aching , throbbing senses for the approach of one who never came near me . Two or three weeks passed in a whirl of gayety . It was the close of the season , and one or two brides in our circle made the parties very constant . Mrs. Langley proposed that our family should join her son and herself in their summer visit to the Lakes ; accordingly we did so , and we spent more than three months traveling . Ere the close of those three months , Templeton Langley offered himself to me . I could not describe to you the scene that ensued between my mother and myself when I rejected him . She was a worldly woman , and my conduct seemed perfectly wild to her . She remonstrated , persuaded , then reproached me in impatient , angry tones . My father was a quiet , amiable man , and rarely interfered with my mother in her management , but he fortunately shook off enough of his lethargy to come to my rescue at this time . “ ‘ If Mary does not love Mr. Langley , ’ he said , ‘ why urge her to marry him ? Do not scold the poor child , ’ and he drew me toward him tenderly . “ Templeton Langley was rather an indifferent person in every way . His wealth , combined with his situation in the fashionable world , placed him in a fictitious light ; but he had little intelligence , no originality , and only a passable personal appearance . I was constantly drawing the comparison between him and Harry Morton . Harry was so handsome , so brilliant in conversation — and this thought rendered poor Mr. Langley , with all his fastidious , elegant manners , quite unbearable to me . To think of being tied to such a man for life was perfect martyrdom for me ; and although hitherto so yielding , I showed myself on this occasion obstinate . Floods of tears I shed , and my mother fancied at first she could overcome my ‘ ridiculous sentimentality , ’ as she called it , but in vain ; and finding a friend in my father , I remained firm . I felt more sorry for old Mrs. Langley , who was , indeed , terribly distressed , but she treated me very kindly , and exonerated me from all blame . She was , however , really very fond of me , and had set her heart upon having me for a daughter . Mr. Langley returned to Europe , and for many months our circle of friends were quite at a loss to know whether he had offered , been accepted , or refused , or whether he had only flirted with me . My mother felt too disappointed to boast of the rejection ; and , moreover , she was so occupied in bringing out my sister , Emma , as to have little time to think of me or my affairs . My sister was but seventeen , three years younger than I , but much nearer my age in appearance . I found myself now of but secondary consideration in my mother 's eyes . I fear she really disliked me then . She was an ambitious woman , and had set her heart upon my making a brilliant match ; this favorite hope of hers I had blighted , and feeling little interest in society , I became of less consequence , for my sad , absent manner made me , of course , uninteresting ; therefore , as my reign as a belle was over , my poor mother now sought to dismiss me from her mind and occupy herself with other objects . “ Harry Morton had gone to the Southwest ere we returned from our summer 's journey , and we never met again . A year or so afterward I heard of his marriage with a dashing southern belle , and he is now a distinguished man at the South . After these perplexing , unfortunate misunderstandings , my health failed , and for a long while I was an invalid , rarely appearing in society . My two sisters , Emma and Alice , were more lucky than I , for they married happily , and with my mother 's gratified approbation — for they each made the ‘ best match of their season . ’ Neither one was so pretty as I had been , and as my mother used to ejaculate , “ ‘ Thank Heaven ! neither Emma nor Alice are belles ; they at least will not trouble me with their exaggerated notions about love and all that nonsense . ’ “ I passed a miserable , wretched existence for a year or more after Harry and I were separated . How earnestly I prayed for death , so completely prostrated was my spirit by my disappointment . I felt as lonely as I had at the time of dear Aunt Mary 's death . In time , however , I aroused myself from my morbid feelings , and in reading and study found at first occupation , then strength and content . “ The week after my youngest sister was married my father was stricken down with paralysis . I was the only one at home with my parents , for my bride sister had sailed for Europe the day after her wedding , and Emma was far distant in her Southern home , having married a wealthy South Carolinian two years before . Faithfully I devoted myself to my father , and when my mother , a year afterward , was seized with a painful , lingering disease , I made myself so necessary to her comfort , that she at last acknowledged , that what had appeared to be her greatest trouble had proved her greatest blessing . She altered very much before her death , and lost entirely all those worldly feelings which had actuated her during her early life . She suffered for many years at times agonizing pain , and during this time I was sole companion and nurse to my parents . Often I thanked Providence for having denied to me my early love , granting to me in lieu an opportunity of fulfilling the most holy of duties . See , Enna , to what an unromantic and yet enviable state of mind I at last attained . Believe me , dearest , we never should grieve over unavoidable troubles , for many times they are but the rough husk of that sweet kernel — a hidden blessing . ” ZENOBIA . BY MYRON L. MASON . ‘ Twas holyday in Rome . Her sevenfold hills Were trembling with the tread of multitudes Who thronged her streets . Hushed was the busy hum Of labor . Silent in the shops reposed The implements of toil . A common love Of country , and a zeal for her renown , Had warmed all hearts , and mingled for a day Plebian ardor with patrician pride . The sire , the son , the matron and the maid , Joined in bestowing on their emperor The joyous benedictions of the state . Alas ! about that day 's magnificence Was spread a web of shame ! The victor 's sword Was stained with cowardice — his dazzling fame Tarnished by insult to a fallen woman . Returning from his conquests in the East , Aurelian led in his triumphant train Palmyra 's beauteous queen , Zenobia , Whose only crime had been the love she bore To her own country and her household gods . Long had the Orient owned the sovereign sway Of Rome imperial , and in forced submission Had bowed the neck to the oppressor 's yoke . The corn of Syria , her fruits and wares , The pearls of India , Araby 's perfumes , The golden treasures of the mountains , all Profusely poured in her luxurious lap , Crowned to the full her proud magnificence . Rome regal , throned on her eternal hills , With power supreme and wide-extended hand , Plundered the prostrate nations without stint Of all she coveted , and , chiefly thou , O Liberty , the birthright boon of Heaven . But Rome had passed her noon ; her despotism Was overgrown ; an earthquake was at work At her foundations ; and new dynasties , Striking their roots in ripening revolutions , Were soon to sway the destinies of realms . The East was in revolt . The myriad seeds Of dark rebellion , sown by tyranny , And watered by the blood of patriots slain , Were springing into life on every hand . Success was alternating in this strife ‘ Twixt power and right , and anxious Victory , With balance poised , the doubtful issue feared . Amid the fierce contention , ‘ mid the din Of war 's sublime encounter , and the crash Of falling systems old , Palmyra 's queen Followed her valiant lord , Palmyra 's king . Ever beside him in the hour of peril , She warded from his breast the battle 's rage ; And in the councils of the cabinet Her prudent wisdom was her husband 's guide . Domestic treason , with insidious stab , Snatched from Zenobia 's side her gallant lord , And threw into her hand the exigencies Of an unstable and capricious throne . Yet was her genius not inadequate . The precepts of experience , intertwined With intellectual power of lofty grade , Combined to raise Palmyra 's beauteous queen High in the golden scale of moral greatness . Under the teachings of the good Longinus The streams of science flowed into her mind ; And , like the fountain-fostered mountain lake , Her soul was pure as its ethereal food . The patronage bestowed on learned men Declared her love for letters . The rewards , Rich and unnumbered , she conferred on merit Her own refined , exalted taste betrayed . Her graceful and majestic figure , crowned With beauty such as few but angels wear , Like the rich casing that surrounds the gem , Heightened the splendor of her brilliant genius . Equally daring on the battle-field And in the chase , her prudence and her courage , Displayed in many a hot emergency , Had twined victorious laurel round her brow . Under her rule Palmyra 's fortunes rose To an unequalled altitude , and wealth Flowed in upon her like a golden sea , Her wide dominion , stretching from the Nile To the far Euxine and Euphrates ’ flood — Her active commerce , whose expanded range Monopolized the trade of all the East — Her stately capital , whose towers and domes Vied with proud Rome in architectural grace — Her own aspiring aims and high renown — All breathed around the Asiatic queen An atmosphere of greatness , and betrayed Her bold ambition , and her rivalry With the imperial mistress of the world . But ‘ t is the gaudiest flower is soonest plucked ; The sturdiest oak first feels the builder 's axe . Palmyra 's rising greatness had awaked The jealousy of Rome , and Fortune looked On her prosperity with envious eye . Under the golden eagles of the empire , Aurelian 's soldiers swept the thirsty sands , And poured into Palmyra 's palmy plains , A mighty host hot for the battle-field . Borne on her gallant steed , the warrior queen The conflict sought , and led her eager troops Into the stern encounter . Like the storm Of their own desert plain , innumerable , They rushed upon the foe , and courted danger . Amid the serried ranks , whose steel array Glowed in the noonday sun , and threw a flood Of wavy sheen into the fragrant air , Zenobia rode ; and , like an angry spirit , Commissioned from above to chastise men , Where'er she moved was death . There was a flash Of scorn that lighted up her fiery eye , A glance of wrath upon her countenance — There was a terror in her frenzied arm That struck dismay into the boldest heart . Alas for her , Fortune was unpropitious ! Her fearless valor found an overmatch In the experienced prudence of Aurelian ; And scarcely could the desert 's hardy sons Cope with the practiced legions of the empire . The battle gained , Palmyra taken , sacked — Its queen a captive , hurled from off a throne , Stripped of her wide possessions , forced to sue In humblest attitude for even life — The haughty victor led his weary legions Back to Italia 's shores , and in his train His fallen rival , loaded with chains of gold , Forged from the bullion of her treasury . ‘ T was holyday in Rome . The morning sun , Emerging from the palace-crested hills Of the Campagna , poured a flood of light Upon the slumbering city , summoning Its teeming thousands to the festival . A playful breeze , rich-laden with perfume From groves of orange , gently stirred the leaves , And curled the ripples on the Tiber 's breast , Bearing to seaward o'er the flowery plain The rising peans ’ joyful melodies . Flung to the wind , high from the swelling dome That crowned the Capitol , the imperial banner , Broidered with gold and glittering with gems , Unfurled its azure field ; and , as it caught The sunbeams and flashed down upon the throng That filled the forum , there arose a shout Deep as the murmur of the cataract . In that spontaneous outburst of applause Rome spoke ; and as the echo smote the hills It woke the slumbering memory of a time When Rome was free . A trumpet from the walls Proclaimed the day 's festivities begun . Preceded by musicians and sweet singers , A long procession passed the city-gate , And , traversing the winding maze of streets , Climbed to the Capitol . Choice victims , dressed With pictured ornaments and wreaths of flowers , An offering to the tutelary gods , Led the advance . Then followed spoils immense , Baskets of jewels , vases of wrought gold , Paintings and statuary , cloths and wares , Of costliest manufacture , close succeeded By the rich symbols of Palmyra 's glory , Torn from her temples and her palaces , To grace a triumph in the streets of Rome . With toilsome step next walked the captive queen ; And then the victor , in his car of state , With milk-white horses of Thessalian breed , And in his retinue a splendid train Of Rome 's nobility . In one long line The army last appeared in bright array , With banners high displayed , filling the air With songs of victory . The pageant proud Quickened remembrance of departed days , And warmed the bosoms of the multitude With deep devotion to the commonwealth . High in his gilded chariot , decked in robes Of broidered purple , and with laurel crowned , Rode the triumphant conqueror , in his hand The emblems of his power . The capital Of his wide empire was inflamed with zeal To do him honor and exalt his praise . The world was at his feet ; his sovereign will None dared to question , and his haughty word Was law to nations . Yet his heart was troubled . In the dim distance he discerned the flight Of Freedom , on swift pinions heralding Enfranchisement to the oppressed of earth . He knew the feeble tenure of dominion Based on allegiance with reluctance paid ; And read the future overthrow of Rome In the unyielding spirit of his victim . Uncovered in the sun , weary and faint , Bowed to the earth with chains of ravished gold , With feet unsandaled , walked Zenobia , Slave to the craven tyrant 's cruelty . Neither her peerless beauty , nor her sex , Nor yet her grievous sufferings could melt The despot 's stony heart . She , who surpassed Her conqueror in all the qualities Of head or heart which crown humanity With nobleness and high pre ë minence — She , whose misfortunes in a glorious cause , And not her errors , had achieved her ruin — Burdened with ignominy and disgrace For her resplendent virtues , not her crimes — She who had graced a palace , and dispensed Pardon to penitence , reward to worth , And tempered justice with benevolence — Wickedly torn from her exalted station , Now walked a captive in the streets of Rome , E'en at the feet of the oppressors steeds . Yet was her spirit all untamed . Disdain Still sat upon her countenance , and breathed Unmeasured scorn upon her persecutors . The blush of innocence upon her cheek , The burning pride that flashed within her eye , The majesty enthroned upon her brow , Told , in a language which the tyrant felt , That her unconquered spirit soared sublime In a pure orbit whither his sordid soul Could ne'er attain . Had he a captive led Some odious wretch , whose sanguinary crimes , Long perpetrated under sanction of a strength No arm could reach , had spread a pall of mourning Over a people 's desolated homes , He then had right to triumph o'er his victim . But ‘ t was not thus . Insatiable ambition Had led him to unsheath his victor sword Against a monarch whose distinctive sway Ravished from Rome no tittle of her right ; And , to augment the aggregate of wrong , That monarch was a woman , whose renown , Compared with his , was gold compared with brass . As o'er the stony street the captive paced Her weary way before the victor 's steeds , And marked the multitudes insatiate gaze , The look of calm defiance on her face Told that she bowed not to her degradation . Her thoughts were not at Rome . Unheeded all , The billows of the mad excitement dashed About her , and broke harmless at her feet . Dim reminiscences of former days Burst like a deluge on her errant mind ; Leading her backward to the buried past , When in the artless buoyancy of youth She sat beneath Palmyra 's fragrant shades And gleaned the pages of historic story , Red with Rome 's bloody catalogue of wrong . Little she dreamed Palmyra 's palaces Should e'er be scenes of Roman violence ; Little she dreamed that hers should be the lot ( A captive princess led in chains ) to crown The splendor of a Roman holyday . Alas ! the blow she thought not of had fallen . A bloody struggle , like a dreadful dream , Had briefly raged , and all to her was lost , Save the poor grace of a degraded life . Her sun of glory was gone down in blood — The glittering fabric of her power despoiled To swell the triumph of her conqueror . But in the wreck of her magnificence , With eye prophetic , she foresaw the ruin Of the proud capital of all the world . She saw the quickening symptoms of rebellion Among the nations , and she caught their cry For freedom and for vengeance ! Hark ! the Goth Is thundering at the gate , His reckless sword Leaps from the scabbard , eager to vindicate The cause of the oppressed . A thousand years The sun has witnessed in his daily course The tyranny of Rome , now crushed forever . The mighty mass of her usurped dominion , By its own magnitude at last dissevered , Is crumbling into fragments ; and the shades Of long-forgotten generations shriek With fiendish glee over the yawning gulf Of her perdition . TEMPER LIFE 'S EXTREMES . BY GEORGE S. BURLEIGH . ‘ Tis wise , in summer-warmth , to look before , To the keen-nipping winter ; it is good , In lifeful hours , to lay aside some store Of thought , to leaven the spirit 's duller mood ; To mould the sodded dyke , in sunny hour , Against the coming of the wasteful flood ; Still tempering Life 's extremes , that Wo no more May start abrupt in Joy 's sweet neighborhood . If Day burst sudden from the bars of Night , Or with one plunge leaped down the sheer abyss , Painful alike were darkness and the light , Bearing fixed war through shifting victories ; But sweet their bond , where peaceful twilight lingers , Weaving the rosy with the sable fingers . THE CRUISE OF THE RAKER . A TALE OF THE WAR OF 1812-15 . BY HENRY A. CLARK . ( Continued from page 136 .) CHAPTER V. The Revenge . The report of the pistol fired by Julia had also been heard upon the pirate brig . To Florette it gave assurance of the safety of the fair fugitive . The pirate sprang to his feet , forgetful of his wound , but fell back helpless upon the companion-way , and soon relapsed into his former thoughtful state , supposing the sound had come from the deck of the Raker , though it had seemed much too near and distinct to appear possible that such was the case . The escape of Julia was not discovered until the following morning . The wrath of the pirate was fearfully vindictive . Even Florette became alarmed when he fiercely accused her of some share in the disappearance of the captive girl . This she tremblingly denied , suggesting the opinion that Julia must have jumped overboard , in her despair , induced by the threats of the pirate . The loss of the boat was also noticed , but not connected with the escape of Julia , it being supposed that it had been carelessly fastened . As a very natural consequence of his anger , the pirate sought some person on whom he could vent its fury . “ Call aft the other woman , ” shouted he , “ unless she , too , has jumped overboard . ” A grim smile was interchanged between the men who heard this order . John 's true sex had not been long kept concealed after he had reached the pirate brig , and he had nearly fallen a victim to the rage the unpleasant discovery excited in the men , but his ludicrous and abject expressions of terror , though they awoke no emotions of pity , yet excited the merriment of his captors , and turned their anger into laughter . A man 's garments were thrown to him , in which he speedily equipped himself , being indeed in no slight degree relieved by the change . Since that time he had kept himself as much aloof as possible from the crew , anxiously and fearfully expectant of some sudden catastrophe , either that his brains would be blown out without affording him an opportunity to expostulate , or that he would be called upon to walk the plank . He was roused by a heavy hand laid upon his shoulder . “ O dear , do n't , ” cried John . “ The captain has sent word for'ard arter you , and faith ye had betther be in a hurry , for he 's a savage when he 's mad . ” “ O ! now I 've got to do it . ” “ Do what ? ” “ Why walk the plank to be sure . ” “ Arrah , jewel ! do n't be onaisy now . ” “ Wont I 's , do n't you think ? ” “ Not a bit of it , darling . I think he will be afther running you up to the yard-arm . ” “ But I can n't run up it . ” “ Ha ! ha ! but come along , honey . ” Half dragging John after him , the sailor led him to the quarter-deck . “ Here 's the lady , captain , an ’ faith she 's a swate one . ” The truth of the case had already been explained to the pirate . “ You cowardly fool , ” said he , “ did you expect to escape by such a subterfuge ? Pat , run him up to the yard-arm . ” “ Yes , captain , and that will be a relaif to him , for he was mighty afraid he 'd have to walk the plank . ” “ He was ? well then he shall . ” The vindictiveness of the pirate commander , who had only changed the mode of John 's death because he thought that by so doing he should render it more fearful and bitter to the victim , was the means of saving the poor cockney 's life . So do revenge and malice often overreach themselves . A long plank was laid out over the side of the brig and John commanded to walk out on it . He showed a strong disinclination to obeying , but a huge pistol placed against his forehead quickly influenced his decision , and with a cry of anguish he stepped out upon it . As the board tipped he turned to spring back to the brig , but slipping up , fell upon the board , which he pulled after him into the water . “ Fool , ” cried the captain to one of his men , “ what did you let the board loose for , he will float now till the chase picks him up — fire into him . ” A dozen balls were fired at John , and it seems he was hit , for he let go the board and sunk . “ There , captain , he 's done for . ” The brig by this time had reached a considerable distance from the place where John had been committed to the deep , and when he rose to the surface , as he soon did , he was out of danger from their shot . “ O dear ! ” cried he , “ I sha n't ever get ashore ; I never could swim much . ” The waves threw him against the plank . “ O ! a shark ! a shark ! ” shouted John , “ now do n't ; ” and he grasped hold of the plank in a frenzy of fear . He soon discovered the friendly aid it would afford him , and held on to it with the tenacity of despair . In less than half an hour the Raker came up . John was noticed from its deck , and a brawny tar seizing a rope and taking two or three turns of it round his left arm sprang overboard to rescue the half unconscious cockney . As the sailor seized him , John , supposing it to be a shark , uttered a loud cry and lost all sensation . In this condition he was hauled up to the deck of the privateer , where , upon recovering his senses , he found to his great surprise and joy , that instead of being in the belly of some voracious fish , like Jonah of old , he was in safety , and surrounded by the crew of his former vessel , the Betty Allen , including his master . The poor fellow was severely wounded by a pistol shot , in the arm , but regardless of this he was wild in his demonstrations of joy , especially when told that his young mistress had also escaped . Captain Greene found that he had gained little , if any , upon the pirate during the night , and became convinced that he must again commence firing upon her , trusting to some lucky ball to carry away a spar , or failing , to allow the villains to escape the punishment they so richly deserved , not only for their inhuman treatment of the crew of the Betsy Allen , but doubtless for numerous other crimes committed upon the seas , as savage in their conception , and more successful in their execution . The long gun was again uncovered , and a shot dispatched from its huge portals after the pirate brig . The first ball fired fell short of the brig , striking the water directly in its wake , and ricochetting again threw up the water beyond it . A succeeding ball , however , did some execution , crashing through her top-gallant forecastle , but without in any degree lessening her speed . As every fire from the Raker lessened her speed , Capt . Greene became exceedingly anxious that no balls should be thrown away , and commanded Lieut . Morris to point the gun , having more confidence in his skill than in that of the gunner . The young officer aimed the gun carefully , and as it was fired three cheers arose from his crew , as they perceived the pirate 's mizzen-mast fall away . “ She is ours , ” cried the lieutenant . “ Stand by , men , to take in sail , ” shouted the captain . “ We will draw near enough , ” continued he to Morris , “ to fire into her at our leisure , a pirate is not entitled to a more honorable warfare , and he seems also to greatly outnumber us in men . ” As the privateer approached the pirate they could not but admire the singular beauty of her build . She rose and fell upon the waters as gracefully as a free and wild ocean bird . The long red lines of her port-holes swept with a gentle curve from stem to stern , and her stem was so sharp that the bowsprit seemed rather to terminate than to join it . Twelve carronades occupied a double row of port-holes , and the deck seemed crowded with men , all armed with cutlases and pistols . “ A formidable looking set , ” said Captain Greene , as he laid aside his glass , “ keep the gun lively . ” An ineffectual fire opened upon the privateer from the pirate , but though they had a swivel of pretty heavy calibre , turning on its axis amidship in such a manner as to menace at will each point of the horizon , it was evident that its force was far less than the long gun of the privateer . A well aimed shot brought down the pirate 's fore topsail-yard , which hung in the slings , and succeeding shots did much injury to her masts and rigging , and at length the main-topmast fell over the side . The scene on board the pirate , during this unequal warfare , was one approaching perplexity and disorder . Their commander stood by the helm , gazing at the privateer , his brow clouded with angry thought , and giving little heed to the movements of his crew . He was aroused from his abstraction by the voice of one of his officers . “ Captain , this is bad business , what is to be done ? ” The captain gazed at him in silence . “ The crew are alarmed , and demand of you some relief from this harassing state . Our guns will not reach the chase , and we cannot leave her in this crippled state . ” At this moment a heavy ball from the privateer whizzed by them and buried itself in the main-mast of the brig . The captain seemed fully aroused . His eyes flashed with their wonted fire . He turned toward his crew , and saw at a glance the state of depression which had fallen upon them all . He even overheard some muttered words of complaint . “ Pat , ” says one , “ this seems to be playing a rough game , where nothing is to be won on our side . ” “ Faith , an ’ ye may say that , but we stand a chance to gain one thing . ” “ What may that be , Pat ? ” “ O , a two-inch rope , and a run up to the fore yard-arm . ” “ The devil ! That 's not a pleasant thought , Pat . ” “ No , but they say it 's an aisy death . ” “ Silence , men , ” was heard in the deep tones of the captain 's voice . In a moment all was still , and every eye turned toward the companion-way , on which the captain stood , resting one hand upon the main-boom , as he was exceedingly weak from the wound inflicted by the ball of Captain Horton . “ My brave fellows , ” said their leader , “ do not be alarmed , we shall not be hanged this time . Is our situation any worse than it has been in times heretofore ? Trust in me . Have I ever deceived you — have I ever failed yet ? You know I have not . Where we cannot conquer by fair battle , we must use stratagem . Be watchful and ready , and we will yet not only escape yonder vessel , but stand upon her deck as masters . ” The confidence with which he spoke inspired his followers with like feeling , and with countenances relighted by hope , they returned to their several stations . Their reliance upon their commander was unbounded . He had so often triumphed when even greater difficulties opposed , that they already felt sure of ultimate delivery , now that he had been restored to his former energy — they had mistaken the lethargy into which pain and weakness had thrown him for the torpor of despair . Again the joke and laugh went round , and already they began to compute their respective shares of booty in the vessel so soon to be theirs , they knew not how . “ Haul down the ensign , in token that we surrender , ” cried the captain . A murmur of indignation and surprise arose from the crew . “ What , men , do you doubt me ? ‘ Tis but a feint . Haul down the flag and take in sail . ” The men obeyed with alacrity , for they already clearly comprehended the plan of their leader . It was his intention to entice the privateer alongside , and , well aware of his own superiority in numbers , to make a sudden onset upon her deck , and thus , contrary to all laws of honorable warfare , seize by foul means what could not be obtained in any other way . These pacific indications were viewed with some surprise on board the privateer . “ By Heaven ! ” cried Lieut . Morris , “ she 's tired of this game soon . ” “ Well , she had no other way to do ; as it was we should have sunk her without receiving a shot . ” “ It was a losing game for her , true enough . ” “ Lay the brig alongside of her , ” shouted Captain Greene to his men . As his men with a cheer began to unfurl all sail , Captain Horton approached the commander of the privateer . He had up to this period ventured no interference , both from matter of delicacy , and because he saw nothing to disapprove of in the course pursued by Captain Greene . “ My dear sir , ” said he , as he laid his hand upon the arm of the captain of the privateer , “ allow me to say a word . ” “ Certainly , sir , ” replied the courteous commander . “ I ought sooner than this to have asked your advice . ” “ I would not place too great confidence in the pirate 's signal of surrender . ” “ Do you apprehend foul play ? ” “ Recollect the savage brutality which the fiend has already evinced , and judge for yourself whether he is worthy of being trusted at all . ” “ You are right , sir . Lieut . Morris , ” continued he , turning to his young officer . “ Ay , ay , sir . ” “ Load the long gun with grape and canister , and wheel it abaft — load the larboard guns the same way . Now , my men , do n't run too near her . She must send a boat aboard . ” The privateer approached within half a cable 's length of the pirate . “ Ship ahoy ! ” cried Captain Greene . No answer came from the pirate , but her head was rounded to , so as to bear directly down on the Raker . “ Answer me , or I 'll fire into you . ” “ Fire and be d — d , ” came from the deck of the pirate , and at the same time a broadside was poured into the Raker , which killed two or three men at the guns , and severely wounded Captain Greene . “ Lieut . Morris , ” cried he , “ take the command of the vessel , ” and falling on the deck he was immediately carried below . The young officer was fully equal to the emergency of the occasion . At a glance he perceived that the pirate in the confusion which ensued from his unexpected broadside , had fallen foul of the privateer 's rigging , and the crowd of his crew in his bow and fore-rigging , all with cutlases drawn , and ready to spring aboard the privateer , plainly announced the intention to board . “ All hands to repel boarders , ” shouted Morris , and drawing his cutlas he sprang forward , followed by his men . A well contested struggle ensued , the American seamen , indignant at the foul deceit which had been practiced upon them , fought like tigers , and for a time kept the pirates at bay — they had indeed , notwithstanding their superior numbers , nearly driven them from the deck , when the form of their commander appeared among them . In consequence of his wound he had , contrary to his custom , entrusted the command of the boarders to his first lieutenant , and had remained upon his own vessel watching the fight . He sprung among his crew , with a sword drawn , and a tight sash bound around his waist , from which the dark blood was slowly oozing , his wound having burst away from its ligaments . “ Cowards ! ” he shouted , “ do ye yield — ye are two to their one . ” Leaping to their front , he struck down a sailor and plunged into the thickest of the fight . Reanimated by the presence of their leader , who had so often led them to victory , a new spirit seemed to light up the fainting courage of the pirates , and with a fierce yell they rushed forward . The American crew were compelled to fall back before the fierce assault . At the head of his men Lieut . Morris several times crossed swords with the pirate captain , but the swaying of the fight separated them . Perceiving that his men were slowly yielding , though in good order , Lieutenant Morris , cool and collected , cheered their courage , and at this moment thought of the long gun which had been drawn up , loaded to the muzzle with grape and canister , against the companion-way , and a man with a lighted match stationed by it . “ Fall back to the quarter-deck , ” cried the young officer . They retreated in close array , and uncovered the mouth of the huge gun . At the sight of this a cry of dismay broke from the foremost of the pirates , who broke the front rank , and many of them escaped for the time by leaping into the sea . “ Fire , ” cried Lieut . Morris . In a moment he was obeyed . Wild cries of agony arose amid the gathering smoke , which , as it rolled away , revealed a horrible sight . Not a living pirate stood upon the deck of the privateer . A dense mass of bodies , writhing in pain , lay upon the fore-deck , and many of the pirates who had jumped into the sea were seen scrambling up the sides of their own vessel ; the pirate chief lay dead at the head of his followers , foremost in death , as he had been in life . It was a terrible and revolting scene — the scuppers literally ran with blood , the bulwarks were bespattered with brains and pieces of scalps ; several limbs were strewn about , and the entire deck covered with the dead or dying . While the crew of the Raker stood for a time awe-struck at the desolation they had themselves made , the pirates , ferocious to the last , had regained their own ship and cut her adrift , and as they paid off fired a broadside into the Raker , which injured several of her men . Roused by this , the privateersmen rushed to their guns . The larboard guns , in obedience to the order of Captain Greene , were already loaded with grape ; while with the starboard Morris commanded his men to keep up a steady fire at the masts and rigging . A fortunate shot from the Raker struck the helms-man on board the pirate , shattering at the same time the tiller . In a moment the brig was up in the wind , and taken aback , throwing the pirates into confusion . “ Ready about , ” cried Morris , leaping from the carronade-slide on which he had raised himself , and taking in at a glance the exposed position of the enemy — “ head her round , and stand ready to give the rascals a taste from our larboard quarter . ” The Raker ranged across the bows of the pirate , and before he could regain his headway , raked him with a tremendous broadside of the same deadly missiles which had already destroyed so many of their comrades . The wild cries of anguish which arose from the clouds of smoke told with what destructive effect the death-bolts had been hurled . The pirate now paid off and returned an ineffectual broadside , but rendered ungovernable by the loss of her head-sails and tiller , he immediately broached-to again , and the privateer poured in another terrible discharge of grape and canister , raking him fore and aft , then heaving-to and taking up a position on his bow , she fired broadside after broadside into him in rapid and deadly succession . The main-mast now fell over the side , and the pirate at the same time fell off before the wind , and drew out of the deep mantle of smoke which had for some time covered both vessels . As the smoke slowly curled up from the deep it was seen that not a living man was visible upon the deck of the pirate . Several of her guns were dismounted , and her masts so cut away that she lay upon the waters a helpless and disabled wreck . Yet the red ensign of death , though rent into ribbons , still fluttered from the peak , and the young lieutenant hesitated to board , having learned caution from the treachery of the pirate . While the crew of the Raker were thus occupied in watching their enemy , a light female form was seen to issue from the hatchway and gaze around the deck of the pirate . She passed from body to body , but seemed not to find what she sought . At length she turned her eyes , streaming with tears , toward the Raker , and pointing to the flag above her , as if to indicate that there was no one to lower it , she knelt upon the deck , bowing her head upon her hands . Her long hair fell over her forehead and trailed upon the blood-stained deck , as she knelt in mute despair among the dying and the dead . It was a mournful and singular picture of wo , and there were eyes long unused to tears that filled to overflowing as they gazed upon her . A boat was immediately lowered , and Lieutenant Morris with a dozen of his crew were soon in possession of the pirate 's deck . Upon examining the brig it was found that she was fast filling with water , and after conveying to the Raker all that they could lay hands on of value , including a large amount of precious metal , she was left to her fate . Not one of her crew was found living , so destructive had been the continual discharge of grape from the Raker . Florette accompanied them on board , and wept bitterly as she saw the dead body of the pirate commander lying in front of his slaughtered followers , but suffered herself to be led below by Julia , who received her with kindness and gratitude . All sail was now set upon the privateer , and she bore away from the sinking craft of the pirate upon her former course . The latter vessel , traversed in every direction by the Raker 's terrible fire , was rapidly settling into the ocean . Suddenly , with a sound like the gushing of an immense water-spout , a huge chasm opened in the waves — the doomed brig seemed struggling as if with conscious life , and then lashing the waters with her shattered spars and broken masts , went down forever beneath the deep waters , over whose bosom she had so long rode as a scourge and a terror , with blood and desolation following in her wake . Among the effects of the pirate captain which had been conveyed on board the Raker , a manuscript was found , which seemed to be an autobiography of his life . For what purpose he had written it can never be known — most probably from an impulsive desire to give vent on paper to thoughts and feelings which he could not breathe to any living person , and which he doubtless supposed would never be perused by human eye — they show that , savage , and lawless , and blood-thirsty as he had become , strong and terrible motives had driven him into his unnatural pursuit , and perchance a tear of pity may fall for him , as the gentle reader peruses the private records of the scourge of the ocean . CHAPTER VI . The Pirate 's Story . I am the youngest son of a gentleman of the northern part of England . My father 's family is as good as any in the county , for without laying claim to any title of nobility , our blood is as pure and our lineage as ancient as the most boasted in England . I had but one brother , who succeeded at our father 's death to the broad lands and rich heritage of our name . The accursed law of primogeniture , to which I owe all the evil that has befallen me , of course debarred me from all share in the family estate . I had refused to enter the army , the church or the navy , though my inclinations were in favor of the latter profession ; yet a stronger claim than ambition or a roving life kept me on the paternal estate . It was not that I envied my brother the possession of the wide bounds over which he ruled , or that I found less happiness in witnessing his , for I loved my brother , as God is my witness , here , in my lonely cabin , with this great sea around me , and this broad sky above me ; here , though no eye may ever see these lines , I write , do I repeat it , I loved my brother dearly and proudly . It was love that kept me idle at home while other young men of England , belonging to the same position in society as myself , and in the same unfortunate category of younger sons , were carving out for themselves fame and wealth in the service of their country . Helen Burnett was the loveliest girl I have ever seen , and I loved her with all the passionate devotedness of a young and ardent heart ; she was to me the light of life , for all was dark when I was not with her . She was the only daughter of our village curate , and resided near our family mansion . We had sported together beneath the venerable trees of the park from the earliest days of childhood . Until I left home for college she had seemed to me as a sister , and I had loved her as such until , on returning home from a long absence at college , I found a blushing and beautiful young woman where I had expected , forgetting the rapid work of time , to meet with the same playful and lovely child I had kissed at parting . She was , indeed , beautiful ; tall , graceful , and even commanding in figure , while the mildness of an angel reposed in the glance of her deep-blue eyes , and the sweet smile that so often visited her lips , while her pleasantly modulated voice was music itself . “ A lyre of widest range , Touched by all passion — did fall down and glance From tone to tone , and glided through all change of liveliest utterance . ” Her hair was of the darkest shade of brown , resting in soft wave-like smoothness above her high , pale forehead . Alas ! that she was so lovely ! had she been less so , either I might not have loved her , or I might have been permitted by fortune to have been happy with her . After leaving college , my time was all devoted to Helen . She loved me no less than I loved her ; and I looked forward to a quiet and happy life , picturing the future with colorings of the brightest hope and joyfulness . It was at this time that my brother returned from a long tour of the Continent . He was one of the handsomest men of the day , and had been distinguished by the appellation which had accompanied him from court to court , of “ the handsome Englishman . ” He was of a medium stature , and faultlessly proportioned ; his expansive and intellectual forehead seemed the seat of lofty thought , and his dark flashing eye , intensely expressive , seemed to penetrate to the heart of all who met its glance . I see him now — not in his glorious beauty , but pale — pale , touched by the cold fingers of death . I had too much of the pride of my race to live as a dependent on my brother 's bounty , yet I could not bear the thought of leaving Helen . I was in no situation to marry , and in an undecided state of mind I suffered the days to glide away . My brother had just come back from a day 's angling in the trout-stream that flowed through his lands . He met me at the park-gate . “ Well , John , ” said I , “ what luck to-day ? ” “ O , William , ” said he , without heeding my question , “ I have seen the most charming girl — the loveliest one that breathes . She outvies all I have seen in my travels ; do you know her . She is the curate 's daughter . ” I felt a sickness at heart , like the bitterness of death — was it a presentiment , a warning of evil to come . “ Say , William ? ” “ Yes — yes , she is lovely . ” “ She is an angel . ” Sir John passed into the park , and I proceeded , with a strange melancholy I could not dispel , to meet Helen . She was at her father 's door , and greeted me with her accustomed kindness of voice and manner . “ Why are you so sad this lovely evening William ? ” “ Sad !— am I sad ? ” “ You look so . ” “ Well , I will be so no longer , then ; ” and I endeavored to shake off my depression , but not succeeding , I bade her farewell at an earlier hour than was my custom . From that day my brother 's angling excursions became more frequent — but he seldom returned with a full basket . He often spoke to me of Helen , but I always replied carelessly , and changed the topic of conversation to something else , yet when alone , I was in continual torment from my thoughts . I endeavored to console myself with the reflection that Helen 's love was plighted to me , and that she would not change , yet my thoughts were continually recurring to my brother 's great advantages over me in every respect , not only in fortune but in personal appearance ; and I had already , in my suspicions , placed him in the light of a rival for the hand of Helen . I knew his high-minded and honorable disposition too well to fancy for a moment that he would attempt her ruin ; and I also knew that there was nothing in the inferior station of Helen 's family that would prevent him from seeking her hand in marriage , if she had compelled his love . All that followed might perhaps have been prevented had I at first told my brother frankly of my love for Helen ; but a foolish desire to prove her love for me , and a certain feeling of self-respect kept me silent . It was not a long time before I either saw , or fancied I saw , a change in the manner of Helen toward me — the thought was torture . I was for days undecided how to act , but at length determined to learn the true state of things . I knew my brother was often at the parsonage , and I trembled for the result . “ Helen , ” I asked her , “ is not my brother a frequent visitor here ? ” It was twilight , but I thought I observed a heightened color in her cheek . “ Yes , he has been here several times since his return . ” “ Dear Helen , answer me frankly , has he ever spoken to you of love ? ” She hesitated , but at length replied , “ He has . ” “ And did you not tell him your vows were plighted to another ? ” “ My father entered the room before I made any reply at all . ” “ Helen , do you love me now the same as ever you have done ? ” “ You have my plighted word , William . ” Yet there was something bordering on coldness even in the sweet accents with which she spoke ; the nice instinct of love detects each gradation of feeling with an unerring certainty . I was not satisfied , and when I left her , I was more unhappy than ever . I longed to speak to my brother on the subject , yet some indescribable feeling prevented me ; and I allowed the days to glide away , growing more and more troubled in mind as they passed by . I was now convinced that Helen 's affection for me was not what it had been ; and after a short interview with her , in which she had again repeated her love for me , but in such chilling tones that I felt it was not from the heart she spoke , I sought the chamber of my brother in a state almost bordering on madness . All of our race have been of ungovernable passions , but none more so than myself . I paused at his door to regain in some degree my self-command , then lifting the latch , I entered . “ Ah , brother ! ” said Sir John , in a cheerful tone . “ Yes , your younger brother , ” replied I , bitterly . Sir John started with wonder . “ Why , William , what mean you ? ” I paid no heed to the interruption , but continued growing , if possible , still more enraged as I proceeded . “ Are not all the broad lands of our family estate yours — its parks , its meadows , its streams ; this venerable mansion , where the elder son has rioted for so many generations , leaving the younger to make his way in the world as best he may . ” “ Brother , are you mad ? My purse is yours — I have nothing that is not yours . ” “ You have every thing , and not content with that , you have sought to win away the love of my affianced bride . ” “ Who mean you , William ? ” “ Helen Burnett . ” My brother turned pale , and gazing upon me for a moment with astonishment , he heaved a deep sigh , and covered his face with his hands . I folded my arms , and stood looking upon him scornfully , for my passion had made me consider him in the light of one who had knowingly stolen away my bride . Sir John at length uncovered his face and spoke . “ I would to God , William , you had told me this sooner . ” “ Is it then too late ? ” I inquired , bitterly . “ Too late — too late for my happiness , but not too late for justice and honor . She is yours , William , I resign all pretensions to her hand , and will cease to visit the parsonage . ” I was touched by the generous spirit of my brother , and by the mournful shadow which clouded his noble brow . I have ever acted from impulse , and seizing him by the hand , I said , “ Not so , John — not so ! She is , as I have told you , my affianced bride ; her solemn and oft-repeated vows are mine , and I have thought that her love was forever mine ; but this very night I plainly perceived that a change has been wrought in her feelings . She treated me with coldness instead of warmth , and maddened by my interview with her , I rushed into your presence , and have blamed you unjustly . ” “ My dear brother — ” “ No , no , John , I was wrong to accuse you . I should have better known your nobleness . Henceforth let us stand on equal ground ; I do not want an unwilling bride , and if you can win her love from me , take her , though it drive me mad . ” A gleam of pleasure passed over Sir John 's countenance as he replied , “ Be it so , my brother , it is but honorable ; yet will I at once resign all hope , and leave the country if you but will it so . ” “ Sir John , have you reason to think that Helen loves you ? ” “ She has never said so , but I did not think she looked coldly upon me . ” “ She is ‘ false , false as hell ! ’ ” “ My dear William , however this suite terminate , any thing in my power shall be done for you . If the estates were not entailed , I would at once give you a deed for half of them , and then I should have no advantage over you in wealth or position . Here is an order for a hundred thousand pounds . ” “ Sir John I will accept nothing ; if I lose Helen , I shall have no more to live for , and I warn you , if I become mad from disappointment , do not cross my path , or I know not the consequence . ” “ You do not threaten me . ” I felt the turbulent passions of my nature rising within me , and fearing that I should lose all self-command , I rushed from the room , and entering the silent park , I wandered from grove to grove till the cool air of the night had calmed my raging spirit , when I sought my own chamber . I had never told the worthy curate of my love for his daughter , and Helen had never been accustomed to depend on him for advice or consolation . It was to her mother that she had always turned for both , and that mother had died but a year before the return of my brother . Mr. Burnett was a quiet student , passionately fond of his books , as innocent of the world as a child , only fretful and peevish when any thing occurred to disturb the quiet monotony of his existence , and apparently unconscious that his little Helen had grown from a child to a woman . His mind was wholly wrapped up in his studies , even at his meals it was abstracted , and he retired hastily to his closet . Helen had no inclination to disturb the serenity of his life , until it became absolutely necessary that he should be made acquainted with her engagement to me ; and I had been too thoughtless of all but my own happiness to intrude upon his privacy , confident that his sanction to our marriage would not be refused whenever demanded . I had yet to learn the lesson , bitter and agonizing , that no woman is proof against the captivating temptations of ambition , and the glare of wealth . I know but little of the sex ; they are called angels , and I had thought Helen was an angel — alas ! I found my mistake . I read my doom in the averted coldness of her glance ; I felt it in the unwilling pressure of her hand whenever we met , and I knew it when I gazed upon the countenance of my brother , on which was a quiet glow of happiness his expressive features could not conceal , even when he knew my searching glance was upon him . O ! the agony of feeling which oppressed me in those bitter days ; I felt all the savage passions of my nature rising within me ; there were moments when I felt as if I could gladly see my brother and Helen stretched dead at my feet . Day by day these vindictive thoughts increased within me . It wanted but the finishing stroke to make me completely mad — it came . Though I had long dreaded to make the trial , on which all my happiness for this world rested , I at length determined to put it off no longer . The shadows of twilight were settling over the earth as I slowly and sadly approached the parsonage . My head was bowed upon my breast as I walked with a noiseless step upon the little path that led to the unpretending dwelling . I was not aware how near I had come , till a ray of light from the window fell across the path , and recalled me to myself . As I stopped , I heard the tones of my brother 's voice in low and earnest conversation . I drew nearer , and beheld a sight which rooted me to the spot , even though I was not wholly unprepared for such a scene . My brother and Helen were seated in the little arbor before the parsonage , as she and myself had often before sat when I fancied our love was lasting as life . In the dim light I could see that my brother 's arm was round her waist , and that her head rested upon his shoulder . I could hear their conversation . “ And you do love me , then , Helen ? ” I heard no answer , but the long curls moved slightly upon my brother 's shoulder , and as he bent his head and kissed her , I felt that he was answered — I was answered — that he was loved . My brain burned as if on fire — and I sunk to the earth with a low groan . How long I remained unconscious I do not know ; when I recovered , Helen and Sir John stood beside me . I sprung to my feet , and gazed upon them with the glare of a maniac . It was so — my brain was crazed . “ William , ” said Helen . Her soft voice fell upon my ears with a singular cadence . With a fierce laugh I struck my brother to the earth , and rushed forth into the forest . All that night I must have wandered through its depths . I found myself at the break of day miles from our mansion , lying beneath an aged oak . I did not seem to know myself . I cannot now describe the feelings and thoughts which raged within me . The wild storm which is now lashing the ocean without my cabin is not more wild and fierce — the black sky above me is not more dark and gloomy . They seemed at length to settle into one stern , unchanging emotion , and that was hatred toward my brother , and a stern determination to revenge upon him the cruel wrong which had driven me mad . My path led along the course of a mountain torrent , whose sudden descent as it hurried toward the river , formed successive water-falls not unmusical in their cadence . A few purple beech and drooping willows with here and there a mountain ash , skirted the ravine that formed its bed ; their leaves had fallen before the blasts of autumn , they seemed emblematic of myself ; like me their glory had departed — they were shorn of their loveliness by the rough storm , left bare and verdureless in the chilling breath of autumn ; the seasons in their round would restore to them their beauty and their bloom , clothing their branches again in all the freshness of youth ; but what should give back to me the freshness and youth of the heart ? what restore the desolation of of the soul ? Weak and exhausted , I flung myself down in a rude grotto , which commanded a view of the foaming stream as it washed the rocks below ; it was a scene fitted to my mood , for I turned in disgust from the beautiful landscape an opening in the forest revealed — the beauty of earth had forever passed away from me . That same opening , however , unfolded to the sight the gray towers of my family mansion , and at once I started to my feet and bent my course toward them . At length I reached my home — how hateful every thing about the venerable building seemed . I stole to my chamber , and falling upon my couch , slept from pure exhaustion . It was night when I awoke . I arose , but did not leave my room ; seated by the window with the cold wind of November blowing upon my burning brow , I nursed my thoughts of vengeance . I forgot that he against whom I harbored such thoughts was my only brother ; I forgot my self-offered trial of our powers with Helen ; I forgot every thing — every thing but the fiery feeling of revenge . Yes , I was mad . Day after day I wandered around the old castle , shunning every one . My brother strove to converse with me , but glaring upon him like a maniac as I was , I rushed past him . I felt the poison of hatred working within me , and I knew the time was coming when my revengeful spirit would find its vent . I often wandered toward the parsonage , but never sought an interview with Helen . At times I caught a glimpse of her light form as it passed by a window or before the open door that led into the hall . One evening I saw my brother enter , and drawing near the window , I saw through the slightly-parted curtain , such evidence of their mutual affection , that , if possible , I became more than ever crazy in my anguish and despair . I waited for him to come out long hours , hours to me of bitterest sorrow , to him of most intense delight . It was an exceedingly cold night . A slight snow had fallen during the day , and the landscape around me glistening in the moonlight , seemed wrapped in a robe of the purest white . Yet as I gazed all seemed to turn into the deep hue of blood — wherever I gazed , every thing presented the same fearful coloring . It was but the shadowy reflection of a coming deed that should forever stain my soul with a deeper red , that the years of eternity could never efface . At length my brother opened the door of the parsonage and came forth . Leaning against the trunk of an old tree but a little distance from them , I saw and heard the parting acts of endearment . At that terrible moment the determination of my soul was made , and I heard the dark devil within me whisper one of you must die . I shuddered at the thought , but when scarcely out of sight of the parsonage , almost as soon as the door had closed upon the form of Helen , I confronted my brother . Sir John started back , surprised . “ What , William , is it you ? ” I laughed scornfully . “ My poor brother ! ” “ Do you dare to pity me — ha ! ha ! ha ! Sir John ! one of us must die this night — here , upon this spot ; here are two pistols , take one of them , and it will be soon seen which is the fated one . ” Sir John mechanically took the pistol ; cocking my own , I retired a few paces , and turning , exclaimed , “ Are you ready ? ” My words recalled him to himself ; flinging his pistol far into the wood , he exclaimed , “ I will not fire at my brother . ” “ Coward ! ” “ The name belongs not to our race ; fire at me if you will , I will not at you . ” Enraged beyond expression , yet even in my madness ashamed to fire at an unarmed man , I hesitated . My brother spoke . “ Come , William , let us go home . ” “ Home !— ha ! ha ! ha ! my home is the wood and the cave ! Here , take my good-night . ” Thus speaking I flung my pistol full at his face with all my strength ; it struck him lengthwise , and being cocked , went off in consequence of the concussion . Sir John fell upon the cold snow . I rushed up to him , and beheld the blood flowing in torrents from a ghastly wound ; the ball had taken a downward direction , and penetrated the abdomen . “ William , ” he said , faintly , “ you have murdered me . God forgive you ! ” It seemed as if my reason came back to me at that terrible moment as suddenly as it had left me . At the report of my pistol , I had heard a loud scream in the parsonage , and almost at the same time with myself Helen rushed up to the side of my brother . “ Oh ! ” she cried , in accents of agony , “ who has done this ? ” “ Who ! ” said I , bitterly , “ do you ask ? You have done it ; but no , Helen , I do not mean it — let us carry him into the parsonage . ” With difficulty we lifted the body of my brother , and bearing him into the house , laid him upon a bed . Helen , who had up to this time been sustained by the necessity of exertion , fainted beside the body . I stood gazing upon them in stupid despair . The worthy pastor opened the door of the room ; he had heard an unusual noise , and left his books to learn the cause . I stopped not to converse with him , I could not trust myself to speak , but stooping to the lifeless form of Helen , I imprinted a last kiss upon her pale lips , and burst from the chamber . I do not know the result of that fatal night . It may be that my brother and Helen were both restored to life and happiness . God grant that it was so . It may be that the spirits of both had already passed to another world when I broke from the room , leaving the pale and astonished pastor gazing upon the lifeless bodies of his only daughter and the young lord of the manor . Years have passed since then , and not a happy hour have their long ages borne to me ; yet methinks if I could but know that my brother and Helen are living in happiness in the mansion of my fathers , much that is dark and despairing in the remnant of life would be taken from the future . That night I bade farewell to the haunts of boyhood , and the next day I was out upon the broad ocean . I had jumped aboard of a little vessel which was just weighing anchor , without asking its destination or caring where it bore me . I made brief reply to all interrogatories , merely showing a purse of gold , which was sufficient answer , inasmuch as it showed I was not to be an unprofitable part of the cargo . Seated upon the companion-way , that evening I watched the receding shores of my native isle , and as the sunlight went out on its white cliffs , leaving them in sombre shade , I felt that so had the light of my life gone out , leaving the darkness of despair forever . Reckless as I was of the future , and dark as was the past , I was not yet dead to all emotion , and I could not witness my native land fading from my view without experiencing those melancholy feelings which the endearing recollections of former years excite , embittered as they were with me by the thought that even if I ever should return to the home of my fathers , I should find no kindred to welcome me back . No wonder , then , that I felt a chilling sickness of the heart as I caught a last glimpse of the Wicklow Mountains gleaming in the warm colorings of the evening sun , as they mingled their hoary summits with the “ dewy skies ” of my native isle . The vessel on which I had chanced to take passage was bound for the West Indies . It was a small merchantman , and fell an easy prey to the first pirate that gave chase . We were boarded and all consigned to death . When the command was given to the pirates to shoot us all through the head , I stepped forward with a smile , and a heart partaking more of gladness than it had felt for long months , a pistol was at my temple , when the stern voice of the pirate captain commanded his man to stay his hand . He stepped forward and gazed into my face . “ My fine fellow , are you not afraid to die ? ” “ I have nothing to live for — blow away , and I will thank you . ” “ By heaven , you are just the man for us ! Now take your choice , I have no objection to shoot you , indeed it would be rather pleasant than otherwise , but one of my lieutenants was killed yesterday , and you can fill his place if you will . I give you five minutes to decide while we are dispatching these dogs . ” I gazed upon the cruel work — it did not shock me ; I even smiled at their agony , and had determined to share their fate , when a momentary thought of the unknown , mysterious hereafter restrained my advancing step . Am I ready , thought I , to plunge into its mysteries . I shuddered at the thought . It was not the beautiful blue sky unrolled above me , nor the broad , playful sea around that wooed me to life . No , it was that fear of the “ something after death . ” “ Are you ready to answer ? ” “ I am thine . ” “ It is well , throw these carcasses into the sea , and set all sail for the Bermudas . Well , lieutenant , ” continued he , as the ship fell off before the wind , “ give us your name , or it will be awkward work hailing you . ” “ William — ” I stopped , the pride of my race arose within me . “ Well ? ” “ I will not give my name — call me William , I 'll answer to that . ” “ Very well — lieutenant William , my lads , your second lieutenant . ” The men seemed to like me from the first , and as I gazed upon them with a proud , fearless eye , a hearty cheer arose that endorsed my command . Since then my home has been the pirate 's deck ; my heart has grown harder and harder with the lapse of time . I love the sight of blood better than I love the flowing wine — the agonizing shriek of death better than the sweetest music — like an emissary of evil I gloat over the tortures of man . I have learned to hate the land of my birth , and all who first drew breath upon her detested soil . I have been foremost in every conflict , yet have I not met death — the only foe whom I cannot conquer by my fierce will and dark heart . I could not long remain a subordinate in command . I had become the idol of our lawless crew , and a single blow from my sword laid our captain low in death upon his own deck ; and I filled his place , smiling with a fiendish pleasure , as I saw his body thrown into the waves , and the hungry sharks severing the limbs yet throbbing with life . I have no feeling for my kind — yet I was not meant for this . Under happier auspices , I might have been a leader in the ranks of God as I am now in those of Satan ; my sword might have been drawn for my native land with the purest and loftiest feelings of patriotism , instead of being turned against her and her children . Even now , in the midst of my crimes and desolation , my heart throbs when I think of the great and good of earth , and I feel that , like them , I might have left a name of boast and pride to mankind ; now , I shall perish , unknown and unwept ; the annals of my house shall never record that one of its scions led a pirate crew to deeds of bloody cruelty and death . Long since I have buried my name in oblivion — I am dead to my kindred , dead to the world ; the caves of ocean are yawning for the body of the pirate-chief , and there will he sleep with the howling ocean and the shrieking storm to sing his requiem and his dirge . [ To be continued . DREAMS . Yes , there were pleasant voices yesternight , Humming within mine ear a tale of truth , Reminding me of days ere the sad blight Of care had dimmed the brightness of my youth : Yes , they were pleasant voices ; but , forsooth , They threw a kind of melancholy charm Around my heart ; as if in vengeful ruth , Our very dreams have knowledge of the harm Ourselves do to ourselves , without the least alarm ! I love such dreams , for at my couch there stood One who , in other lands , with magic spell , Had taught my untaught heart to love the good , The pure , the holy , which in her did dwell . It was a lovely image , and too well I do remember me the fatal hour , When that bright image — but I may not tell How deep the thraldom , absolute the power — My very dreams decide it was her only dower . Sandwich Islands . What are our dreams ? A sort of fancy sketches , Limned on the mind 's retina , with a grace More subtle than the wakeful artist catches , And tinted with a more ethereal trace . Our dreams annihilate both time and space , And waft us , with magnetic swiftness , back O'er an oblivious decade to the place Where youth 's fond visions clustered o'er our track ; Of youth 's fond hopes decayed , alas ! there is no lack ! I love such dreams , for they are more than real ; They have a passion in them in whose birth The heart receives again its beau ideal — Its Platonized embodiment of worth . Call ye them dreams ! then what a mortal dearth Throws its gaunt shadow o'er our little life ! Our very joy is mockery of mirth , And our quiescence agony of strife : If dreams are naught but dreams , what is our real life ? E. O. H . A LEAF IN THE LIFE OF LEDYARD LINCOLN . A SKETCH . BY MARY SPENCER PEASE . It was in the joyous leaf-giving , life-giving month of June , of 18 —, after an absence of six years , that I found myself once more among my own dearly loved native hills . An intense worshiper of Nature , I had gratified to the utmost my passion and curiosity by exploring all the accessible regions of the old world . I had studied every scene that was in any way famous , or infamous I might say with regard to some , if the necessity of clambering down or up unclimbable precipices , or wading through interminable swamps , could render them so . With all the fatigue and hardships I had undergone my reward was great , and had more than repaid me for the perilous dangers I had courted and conquered . I had gazed , and dreamed , and raved by turns . I had been melted into tears of tenderness by the perfect harmony and loveliness of some scenes , and had been frozen into awe by the magnificent grandeur and terrible sublimity of others . And , after those six years of travel in foreign lands , I had returned , my brain one endless panorama of hills , valleys and cloud-capped mountains , earth , skies , wood and water . Not one of those gorgeous scenes , however , had moved me as I was moved when once again I beheld my boyhood 's home — the stately mansion of my fathers . Half hidden , it rose majestically amid the noble elms that surrounded it ; there lay the velvet-green sloping lawn in front — down which , as a boy , I had rolled in the summer and sledded in the winter — there the wild , night-dark ravine in the rear — fit haunt for elves and gnomes — that terminated amid jagged rocks and tangled trees , in a rushing , roaring brook of no mean dimensions , almost as large as many of the so-called rivers of the mother country . Just at this point , at the turn of the old time-worn stage-road , where the venerable , picturesque old homestead of my sires burst thus suddenly into view , an opening in the trees , whether by accident or design , revealed one of the very merriest , maddest of musical water-falls , that went foaming and tumbling its snow-white , sparkling waters over a bed of huge rocks , and then , by a sudden wilful bend , that same loud-uttering brook was lost to view . As the rattling stage neared my home , my heart leaped within me , and every fibre of it trembled with emotion . I could have hugged and kissed each familiar sturdy old tree , looking so grand and natural . My soul warmed and yearned toward the well remembered scene ; and as I thought upon my fond , doting mother and my loving , lovely sisters , and my ever-indulgent father , I could have wept in the intensity of my joy at finding myself so near them , and breathing the same free , pure , health-giving air that had nurtured my childhood . But was there not sitting directly opposite to me one of the most exquisitely beautiful of God 's lovely women ; and did not her saucy , demure eyes seem to read my very soul ? I therefore restrained a display of my feelings , for it would not have appeared in the least dignified or proper in a fine-looking young man ( such as I imagined myself to be ) of four-and-twenty , to be seen with eyes streaming like a young girl . More than once , during our short stage-coach ride had our eyes met ; and hers had revealed to me a living well of spiritual beauty ; and although they were withdrawn as soon as they encountered mine — not coquettishly , but with true feminine modesty — still they were not turned away until our mutual eyes had flashed one electrical spark of mutual understanding and mutual sympathy , that whole volumes of dull words could never express either as vividly or as truly . What a heaven-born mystery is contained in the glance of an eye : it can kill and can make alive ; it can fill the heart with a sudden and delicious ecstasy , and it can plunge it into the deepest , darkest despair . I gave her one last look as the stage stopped before my father 's door , and if it expressed one tithe of what I felt , it told her of my warm admiration of her glorious beauty , and of my sorrow at leaving her , perhaps forever , without knowing more of her . For the time the matchless image of my stage-coach companion was lost in the loving embraces and tender greetings of my family . I felt it truly refreshing , after six years of exile from my own kith and kin , to be caressed and made much of ; to be told by three deliciously beautiful , exquisitely graceful sisters , hanging around one , and kissing one every other word , to be told how much the few last years had improved one , how handsome , & c. one was grown ; was it not enough to somewhat turn one 's brain , and make one a little vain and considerably happy . In the still hush of the night , after finding myself once more in my own room — my room , with its cabinets of shells and mosses , that I had collected when a boy in my various trips to the seashore , all religiously left arranged as I had left them , its guns , fishing-rods , stuffed rabbits and birds , its preserved rattle-snakes and cases of insects , all of which had stood for so long a time in their respective places that they had become a part of the room — in the still hush of the night the divine image of my most beautiful stage-coach companion arose before me . The evening was warm and soft , and gleaming in the gorgeous moonlight lay that wild , weird ravine , and the ever downward , foaming water-fall . Its musical utterings , the delicious moonlight , and my own newly awakened and hitherto invulnerable heart , all conspired to make me poetical and inspired , or at least to imagine myself to be so ; and pardon me if I gave utterance in verse to some of my feelings . But do not in the least imagine that you are going by any means to be presented with a fatiguing copy of my passionate numbers ; in the first place I am very diffident , and in the next — but never mind the next , I will tell you in plain prose that I felt convinced in my heart , I felt a rapturous presentiment that the unutterably lovely being I had that day beheld would ere long be my own dear little wife , forever and forever . An indistinct dream of having somewhere , at some time before , known her haunted me and tormented me , but I racked my brains in vain to recollect the spot or time , and finally came to the conclusion that it had been in another state of existence we had met . I had been home but a few days when business letters came , demanding the presence of my father or myself in Philadelphia . My father expressed a desire that I should go , and a certain internal prompting urged me to comply with his request . The next morning bright and early found me seated in the same stage-coach in which I had met her . The due progress of steamboat and cars deposited me safely the day after in the goodly city of Squareruledom . The first leisure moment at my command , I paid my respects to the family of my father 's brother . I found my good uncle and aunt at home ; but my little pet Emily — their only child — whom I had last seen a rosy romping little imp of twelve — was unfortunately out . My uncle urged me very hard to make his house my home during my stay in Philadelphia ; but I had taken up my abode in the family of an old college chum of mine , who had lately commenced the practice of the art of healing , and who I knew would be none the worse from a little of my help in a pecuniary way . I therefore declined my kind uncle 's request , with a promise to come and see them often . Judge of my inexpressible joy when , turning a corner of a street , after leaving my uncle 's , who should I chance upon but the very being of whom my brain and heart were full ! Yes , there was the identical she , and bless her dear little heart ! she gave me a bright half smile of recognition , which I returned with as profound a bow as ever courtier bowed to queen , or devotee to Pope 's sublime imperial toe . An omnibus came rolling by , which she , with a motion of her neat little gloved hand , bid stop . She stepped lightly into it , while I , with my usual impetuosity , without knowing exactly what I was doing , sprang after her . I consoled myself for my apparent rudeness by throwing the entire blame upon the elective affinities . On we went , and from time to time as I stole a glance at her sweet face , I thought I detected a sly , mischievous little devil playing around the corners of her small dimpled mouth , and about the pure lids of her downcast long-fringed eyes . She never vouchsafed me a look , however ; and as we went on , and as I still watched her lovely face , a dread vision arose up before me of a six-foot and well proportioned youth , with fierce whiskers and a moustache of undisputable cut and style , that I remembered to have seen with the young lady during our stage-coach ride together — that I remembered , with a terrible heart-sinking , was impressively attentive to her . I inwardly resolved to let nature have her way , and let all the hair grow on my face that would ; what if it did grow a little reddish or so — why I should resemble the rising sun , with my glory like a halo around me . Seriously , I have long been of the opinion that a shaved face is as much of a disgrace , and ought to be so considered , as a shaved head fresh from prison . Why do we not finish the half completed work and actually shave off the hair of our heads , our eye-brows and lashes , as well as our beards , and thus go cool and comfortable through the world ? There would be this advantage in it , the disciples of Spurzheim would have no trouble of making a map of our bumps at sight ; and then think what an immense saving it would be in combs and brushes , to say nothing of pomatum , which some so freely use . I rejoice sincerely to see the sudden rise in crops of hair , and most truly hope they will not have as rapid a fall . Shaving is artificial and injurious , exposing parts to cold that Nature never meant should be exposed . Black , white or red — hair is a protection and ornament that no manly face or head should be without . Rejoice ye , therefore , over every repentant sinner who tarrieth in Jericho and letteth his beard to grow . But to return to my little omnibus companion , who by this time was gracefully moving over the smooth gravel-walks of Fairmount — for there we had stopped — and exceedingly refreshing were its cool shades and splashing fountains on that sultry June day . I kept as near her as I could without appearing rude , especially as I had received one or two half glances from her bright eyes , that nearly annihilated me , such an unearthly fluttering and bumping in the region of my heart did they create . Mercy upon me ! what would a whole glance do ? And for a whole glance I courageously resolved to strive , let the consequences be what they might . Now do you not expect an earthquake , or a roaring bull , or at least a rabid dog ? It was nothing more however than a refreshing shower of rain — truly refreshing to my thirsty soul , for it gave me that coveted whole glance . Heavens ! I actually staggered , and would undoubtedly have fallen had it not been for a friendly sappling — you will sneer at witless I — that grew near me . But just try the effect upon yourself — a shock of electricity is nothing in comparison to a shock from a pair of bright eyes — such eyes as hers . The truth of the case was here , of a sudden , apparently from out the clear sky , came down , with not a moment 's warning , a perfect avalanche of rain-drops — all expressly got up , or down , for my benefit , else why did I happen to have an umbrella in my hand ? “ A Wise man — ” you remember the rest . My beautiful incognito was away up those long stairs , and walking leisurely around the immense basin , when the rain came down . I was not very far from her , and in less than an instant my umbrella was over her pretty little blue bonnet , with — “ Be kind enough to accept my umbrella , Miss ” — in the most insinuating manner of which I was master . “ Thank you ! but I will not deprive you of its shelter , ” with that whole glance of which I spoke . So on we went together , and somehow after we found ourselves under shelter , it was the easiest and most natural thing in the world to fall into a pleasant conversation . After talking about the scenery , weather , & c ., we had mutually enjoyed during our short stage ride , I spoke of the beauty around us , and asked her if she often visited this lovely spot . “ Not very often , ” replied she . “ It is very beautiful though , in spite of all they have done to spoil it . ” “ To spoil it ! ” “ Yes , by making it as much like a chess-board as possible , all straight lines and stiffness . That is Philadelphia however . ” “ Then you are not a Philadelphian , or it is not a favorite city with you ? ” “ There you are mistaken . It is my native place , and a city I love dearly — with all its formalities and inhospitalities toward strangers . Philadelphia is a prim matron , with a warm heart but a most frigid , repulsive exterior , until you become acquainted with her — one of her particular children . ” “ I have been told that there is a finer collection of works of art here than in any other city in the Union . ” “ I believe you have been told correctly . We have more time in our quiet way to look after and admire the productions of the great masters . Our taste has wonderfully improved within a few years . ” “ I have not been in town long enough to visit any of your show places yet . ” “ How I should like to see that lovely water-fall and the whole of that beautiful scene on canvas . Do you know I almost envied you a home in that beautiful house with all its picturesque surroundings . ” “ I am truly thankful you had the kind grace to think of me at all . ” “ How could I help it ? I had a feeling the first moment I saw you that you and I were destined to be friends . Is there not a certain mysterious something — call it magnetism or instinct — that either draws us toward or repels us from every person we meet in either a greater or less degree ? With me this instinct is very strong , and I obey it implicitly , never in one instance having found it to fail . I know at once who to trust and who to love . And would know , by the same unerring law of my nature , who to hate if ever I felt the least inclination to hate . The only feeling of hate I ever experienced is a strong desire to avoid all persons or things that are disagreeable to me . I love harmony the most perfect , and discord is a thing for me to flee from . I felt toward you a most decided drawing , and I felt a conviction then , as I do now , that we are to be very near and dear friends . ” The little angel ! I could have hugged and kissed her on the spot ; but I hugged her in my soul , and inwardly vowed to consecrate my life to her , if the “ drawing ” she felt for me could be rendered sufficiently strong to admit of such a thing . On a sudden I bethought me of the whiskered incognito , her stage attendant . I mustered courage to ask her in a half laughing way , if that fine-looking fellow she had called Charles were her brother . Instantly her manner changed from that of sweet and almost tender seriousness to an arch , quizzical one that puzzled me . “ Oh no , not my brother , ” said she . “ Not her brother — a sharp pang of pain shot through me — I was getting dreadfully jealous — I looked all manner of curiosity and all manner of questions ; she took pity on me and said — a smile still lurking in the corner of her eye — “ He is no more nor less than the intended future husband of the one you see before you . ” “ The future devil ! I sincerely beg your pardon , but — you take me by surprise — I regret — but really I do not feel that it can be so . ” “ And why not ? ” “ Truly , why not ! ” “ He is very handsome . ” “ That is as one thinks . ” “ And very accomplished . ” “ In flattery , most like . ” “ And a most profound scholar . ” “ In the art of making love , it would seem . ” “ But I do not love him . ” “ Not love him ! ” “ No , nor never can . ” “ Then why , my dearest young lady , do you marry him ? ” “ You may well ask ; why indeed ? ” “ You seemed very friendly with him the day I saw you together , and happier than I could have wished you . ” “ That was before I knew I was to be his wife . It has only been decided upon a few days . ” “ And now ? ” “ It is a long story , that I may tell you if we should meet again . I never can love him , though I greatly esteem him , and — ” “ Esteem ! ” “ A sad substitute for love ; but what is love without esteem ? ” “ What is esteem without love ? ” “ Very true . It was not my own doing , although I reluctantly gave my consent . If I can with honor release myself from this unfortunate engagement — I have thought more and more every day since , that love , true heart-love , is the only tie that should sanction the union of two beings — but why should I talk in this way to you , a stranger ? I cannot feel , however that you are a stranger ; we have surely met before in some other state of being . I am a firm believer in the beautiful faith of the transmigration of souls — of pre-existence . What is it that brings two congenial souls together , uniting them in one hour in more perfect harmony than whole years could effect among ordinary acquaintances ? ” “ Something unexplainable , ” I answered , “ as it is mysterious . We can call it elective affinity , and can talk very learnedly upon the singular attraction of the magnet , as applied to the poles as well as souls , and we can make vast and wise experiments , and in the end be as far from the real cause as we were before the Solomonic experiments were made . The school-boy 's reasoning was more to the point — “ I do not like you , Dr. Fell , The reason why I cannot tell . ” I love you dearly , Dr. Fell , the reason why , & c ., would be just as conclusive . We are so accustomed to seeing drops of water drawing near to meet each other , and mingling in a loving embrace of perfect unity , that we cease to wonder at the occurrence , as we do also at the fact that oil and water will not mingle . ” “ Just as my soul will not mingle with the souls of some . There is an antagonism more or less decided between my inner self and many persons I know ; people , too , that I am compelled to be friendly with , and wish to be friendly with , many of them my cousins and aunts . Then again toward some am I as irresistibly attracted . ” Her beautiful eyes sought mine frequently during our conversation , and her glorious soul looked through them — earnest , simple and pure . “ Just so , ” resumed she , after a pause , during which her sweet , soft eyes had been gazing on the dreamy waters . “ Just so have I felt attracted toward you . I could sit down beside you and tell my whole soul to you as freely as though you were my own brother . ” The word brother sent a disagreeable shiver through me that all her sweet confidence could not banish . “ But , ” exclaimed she , starting up , “ what am I doing ? The rain has stopped , and the waning sun warns me that it is time to be at home . And what must you think of me ? I hardly dare to ask the — ” “ That you are the most lovely , most glorious of all Heaven 's glorious creatures ; that you — ” “ There , there ! if you talk in that way , I shall truly repent having said all I have to you . ” “ Forgive me ; though I spoke sincerely , I hope — ” “ I will forgive on condition of good behavior in future . But I must not stay for another word . Promise me that you will not leave this spot until ten minutes after the omnibus I shall be in is out of sight . ” “ I promise , ” said I , reluctantly . She gave me her little , soft , ungloved hand at parting ; its gentle pressure sent a thrill of ecstasy through me , and I looked all the unutterable things that my full soul felt into her warm brown eyes . And , by the way , I may as well say that my own eyes are — they are a dark , deep blue , and strangely expressive , if I believe my sisters and my friends , and — my own glass . For one week did I wander up and down the streets , and watch every omnibus , and stare into the windows and doors of every house I passed . I peered under every pretty bonnet I met , and was , on the eighth day , giving full chase to a coquettish little blue one , in the earnest hope of finding the sweet face of my beautiful incognita hidden under it , when some one laid a strong grasp on my shoulder , and looking around , I beheld the generous face of my good uncle . “ Bless the boy ! why , Led , what is your hurry ? Your business must have been very urgent this last week . Why , in the name of all the saints , have you kept away so studiously ? There is poor little Emily actually dying with anxiety to see you . Bless my soul ! is this the way to treat your friends ? But now that I have fairly captured you , I do not intend to let you go . ” And he did not , and would not ; so I had to go with him . And what do you think ? The first object that met my bewildered gaze , as my uncle led me into the drawing-room , was — herself ! her very self ! but so altered , looking so cold and stately . My uncle introduced me to her as “ My daughter Emily , nephew Ledyard . ” “ My daughter Emily ” inclined her beautiful head most graciously , and sweetly smiled , but not one recognizing glance did she deign to bestow on poor “ nephew Ledyard . ” Lovely she was , and proud and majestic as a queen . What could it mean ? I made several well-planned alluions to omnibuses and stages , & c ., not one of which did she seem to comprehend . Her exceeding beauty still charmed me in spite of her coldness ; and I stayed to tea and then the evening . My cousin sung for me ; her voice was highly cultivated and exceedingly sweet , and full of feeling . Song after song she poured forth into the listening air , and each song entranced me more than the last . We conversed gayly on several topics , and she grew more and more familiar with me , alluded playfully to our childish intimacy ; still , to the very close of the evening , did she refuse to remember by look or word that we had met since children . She evidently wished to forget , and wished me to forget the whole of that pleasant interview that had afforded me , at least , such soul-felt delight ; yet she acted her part so well , was so careless and unconscious , and withal so cold and full of queenly dignity , that I went home in a perfect bewilderment of amazement . As I lay tossing on a sleepless bed , and in my heart bitterly railing against the perversity and incomprehensibility of women , I found myself incessantly repeating to myself , “ Am I Giles , or am I not ; ” the truth flashed upon me that I was the unhappy victim of an optical illusion , that the Cousin Emily I had but a little before left was simply my Cousin Emily , and not the beautiful being of whom my heart and life were full — that incessant thinking of her , and seeking her , had crazed my brain . I relighted my lamp and made my way into the doctor 's study . I read all I could find on the subject of optical delusion and maniacal hallucination until I convinced myself that I was laboring under a very alarming attack of one or both , and resolved on seriously consulting my friend , the doctor , early the next morning . I went back to bed with the decided opinion that I was exceedingly to be pitied — how would it appear in the papers ? for I must undoubtedly grow worse , and it must undoubtedly end in suicide . “ Sad occurrence , ” “ nice young man , ” “ brilliant prospects , ” “ only son of —, ” and “ promising talents , ” “ laboring under incipient insanity , ” “ fatal cause unknown , ” & c ., & c. I sympathized with myself until near morning , then fell into a sleep , which lasted until the bell rung for breakfast . I dressed in a hurry , and got down before the muffins were quite cold . I ate a hearty breakfast , read a newspaper or two , and determining on seeing my cousin again before I made up my mind to ask advice , I soon found myself at her door . The fresh morning air and the walk had so invigorated me , that I laughed at my last night 's fears , especially as my lovely cousin came into the drawing-room to receive me , radiant with health and beauty . I found her just the same as she was the night before , gay , witty and charming , and as cold as marble . Still I could not be mistaken ; for , with all her feigned coldness — for some good reason of her own undoubtedly — there was no doubting her identity with that of my glorious Fairmount vision . The day was a lovely one , soft and mild as a June morning could make it . After conversing on indifferent subjects for a time , I asked her , remarking on the deliciousness of the morning , if she would not like to go out with me to Fairmount . She assented with a quiet smile , as innocently as though she had never in her life before heard of such a place as Fairmount . “ The little-deceiver ! ” thought I . “ Which way shall we go ? ” said I , aloud , and very significantly , “ shall we take the omnibus ? ” “ I will order the carriage , ” replied she , with a slight shrug ; “ I never ride in those omnibusses , one meets with such odd people . ” “ Never ? ” asked I , emphatically . “ Certainly , never ! ” answered she , with much apparent surprise . My drive was a delightful one . How could it be otherwise , with a glorious day surrounding me , and a gloriously beautiful cousin sitting beside me , with whom I could not exactly make up my mind whether to fall desperately in love , or desperately out of love . I , too , such an enthusiastic lover of beauty . But she chose to be so different from what she was at our first meeting — so reserved , that I could not decide whether I most loved or was most indifferent to her . We rode all the morning , and I left her , promising to call again in the evening . I walked the streets until dark , the whole affair vexed me so much — I , such a hater of all mysteries , the most impatient of all breathing mortals . I determined to come at once to an understanding with my perverse little cousin , and to decide at once the puzzling question whether to love or not to love . In the evening I found myself alone with my little tormentor . “ Now , sweet Cousin Emily , ” said I , playfully , “ you have been teazing me long enough with your pretty affectation of ignorance and innocence — not but that you are as ignorant as the rest of your sweet sex , and as innocent too — but , I beseech you , lay by this masquerading , you have played possum long enough . I humbly implore of you to be the same to me that you were in our first visit to Fairmount — the earnest , simple-hearted Cousin Emily you then were . ” “ Mr. Lincoln speaks in enigmas ; I must confess I do not understand his meaning , nor his elegant allusion to ‘ playing possum . ’ ” This she said with so much haughtiness , that I was taken all aback . Rallying , however , in a moment I determined not to give up the point . “ I beseech of you to pardon the inelegance of my expression , and also my pertinacity in insisting upon some explanation of your manner toward me . It will all do very well for the stage , ” continued I , bitterly , “ but in real life , among cousins , and two that have met so frankly , and in such sincerity , I feel that our acquaintanceship must at once end , pleasant as it has been , as it might be to me , unless you lay aside this assumed coldness . It harasses me more than I can express . Emily , after seeing you in the stage-coach , I thought I had never met with one half so lovely , and I could think of nothing but you . After remaining at home but one week , business called me to Philadelphia . Judge of my delight when almost the first object that met my view was your beautiful , unforgotten little self . You were just stepping into one of those very omnibusses you have since seen fit to decry . What followed you must remember as distinctly as I — no not as distinctly , for the whole of that delicious interview is engraven on my heart — one of the sun-bright scenes of my life that I can never forget . And now , after that beautiful interchange of thought and soul that promised — every thing , do I find you cold , impassive . If you repent the trust you so freely reposed in me , in all frankness , say so ; but for the sweet love of heaven , do not pretend to such — ” “ For the sweet love of heaven what is the man raving about ? Are you mad , dear cousin , insane ? Poor Cousin Ledyard ! Or is it —? ” her whole manner changed , her brilliant eyes lighted up with intense fire . How beautiful she looked ! I could have knelt and worshiped her , though , strange to say , my restless , ardent love for her had entirely abated . “ Yes ! ” exclaimed she , “ it must be so ; ” and with that she clasped her small white hands , and throwing back her fine head , laughed with all her heart , and strength , and soul . This was very pleasant for me ; still I had to join her laugh , it was so genuine and infectious . “ Forgive me , dear cousin , forgive me for my rude laughter ; forgive me also for my folly in attempting to deceive you . You will hereafter find me the same you found me in our first pleasant interview . Here is my hand — I will not explain one other word to-night ; I hear voices on the stairs . Come here to-morrow evening at eight , and you shall know all — all my reasons . ” “ And why not to-morrow morning , cruel cousin ? ” “ I am engaged all of the day to-morrow . I go with mamma and papa out of town , ten miles or so , to dine ; a stupid affair , but mamma wishes it . ” “ But before you go — just after breakfast . ” “ No , no — come in the evening . ” By this time the voices heard on the stairs had entered the room in the shape of a merry half-dozen of my cousin 's young friends . Feeling too agitated for society , I withdrew . And now another night and a whole day more of suspense — that pale horror , that come in what shape it will , even in the shape of a beautiful cousin , always torments the very life from my heart . All the clocks in town were striking eight as I rung my uncle 's bell . I found the drawing-room full of company , at which I felt vexed and disappointed . My lovely cousin came up to me and placed her arm within mine , and led me through the next room into the conservatory , and there , seated amid the rare eastern flowers , herself the queen of them , was , gracious heaven ! I dared scarcely breathe , so great was my fear of dispelling the beautiful illusion . It was she ! none other ; my stage-coach companion — my Fairmount goddess . The musical , measured voice of my statue-like Cousin Emily brought me to myself . “ Allow me . Cousin Ledyard , to introduce you to my Cousin Emily . ” There they both stood , one Cousin Emily , calm , stately , serene ; the other trembling and in blushes . I looked from one to the other in the most ludicrous bewilderment , yet each glance showed me more and more what a wonderful fool I had been making of myself for the last few days . Still they were strangely alike ; their own kindred could not at times distinguish one from the other . My heart could feel the difference . My Emily was a child of nature , the other bred in a more conventional school . My Emily was a shade less tall , less stately , less Grecian , and exquisitely more lovely , and loving . But that double wedding was a grand one . By what means my Emily contrived to disentangle herself from that handsome-whiskered “ Charles , ” and to entangle him fast in the chains of the other Emily , any one who wishes to know , and will take the trouble , can have all due information on the subject , and can also learn how I wooed my peerless Emily and won her , by coming to our lovely picturesque dwelling , situate in one of the most romantic spots in the country . I write you all to come , one by one , and spend a month with me , and you shall know all the particulars . You will find my little Emily a pattern housekeeper ; you will also find a ready welcome . Bless her sweet face ! There she sits , at the moment that I am writing this to you , with her willow arms twined around the exquisite form of her little lily-bud boy , and bending low her graceful form over him , hushing to sleep the very bravest , noblest , merriest little specimen of babyhood — the exact image of his enraptured father . THE DEFORMED ARTIST . BY MRS. E. N. HORSFORD . The twilight o'er Italia 's sky Had wove a shadowy veil , And one by one the solemn stars Looked forth serene and pale ; As quickly the waning light Through a high casement stole , And fell on one with silver hair , Who shrived a passing soul . No costly pomp and luxury Relieved that chamber 's gloom , But glowing forms , by limner 's art Created , thronged the room : And as the low winds echoed far The bell for evening prayer , The dying painter 's earnest tones Fell on the languid air . “ The spectral form of Death is nigh , The thread of Life is spun , Ave Maria ! I have looked Upon my latest sun . And yet ‘ tis not with pale disease This frame is worn away , Nor yet — nor yet with length of years — A child but yesterday ” “ I found within my father 's hall No fervent love to claim — The curse that marked me from my birth Devoted me to shame . I saw upon my brother 's brow Angelic beauty lay , The mirror gave me back a form That thrilled me with dismay . ” “ And soon I learned to shrink from all , The lowly and the high ; To see but scorn on every lip , Contempt in every eye . And for a time e'en Nature 's smile A bitter mockery wore , For beauty stamped each living thing The wide creation o'er ; ” “ And I alone was cursed and loathed ; ‘ Twas in a garden bower I knelt one eve , and scalding tears Fell fast on many a flower ; And as I rose I marked with awe And agonizing grief , A frail mimosa at my feet Fold close each fragile leaf . ” “ Alas ! how dark my lot if thus A plant could shrink from me ; But when I looked again I marked That from the honey-bee , The falling leaf , the bird 's gay wing , It shrunk with pain and fear , A kindred presence I had found , Life waxed sublimely clear . ” “ I climbed the lofty mountain height And communed with the skies , And felt within my grateful heart Strange aspirations rise . Oh ! what was this humanity When every beaming star Was filled with lucid intellect , Congenial , though afar . ” “ I mused beneath the avalanche , And traced the sparkling stream , Till Nature 's face became to me A passion and a dream : ” Then thirsting for a higher lore I left my childhood 's home , And stayed not till I gazed upon The hills of fallen Rome . “ I stood amid the forms of light , Seraphic and divine , The painter 's wand had summoned from The dim Ideal 's shrine ; And felt within my fevered soul Ambition 's wasting fire , And seized the pencil with a vague And passionate desire ” “ To shadow forth , with lineaments Of earth , the phantom throng That swept before my sight in thought , And lived in storied song . Vain , vain the dream — as well might I Aspire to build a star , Or pile the gorgeous sunset clouds That glitter from afar . ” “ The threads of life have worn away , Discordantly they thrill , But soon the sounding chords will be Forever mute and still . And in the spirit-land that lies Beyond , so calm and gray , I shall aspire with truer aim — Ave Maria ! pray ! ” A FAREWELL TO A HAPPY DAY . BY FRANCES S. OSGOOD . Good-bye — good-bye , thou gracious , golden day : Through luminous tears , thou smilest , far away In the blue heaven , thy sweet farewell to me , And I , through my tears , gaze and smile with thee . I see the last faint , glowing , amber gleam Of thy rich pinion , like a lovely dream , Whose floating glory melts within the sky , And now thou'rt passed forever from mine eye ! Were we not friends — best friends — my cherished day ? Did I not treasure every eloquent ray Of golden light and love thou gavest me ? And have I not been true — most true to thee ? And thou — thou earnest like a joyous bird , Whose sacred wings by heaven 's own air were stirred . And lowly sang me all the happy time Dear , soothing stories of that blissful clime ! And more , oh ! more than this , there came with thee , From Heaven , a stranger , rare and bright to me , A new , sweet joy — a smiling angel-guest , That softly asked a home within my breast . For talking sadly with my soul alone , I heard far off and faint a music-tone , It seemed a spirit 's call — so soft it stole On fairy wings into my waiting soul . I knew it summoned me to something sweet , And so I followed it with faltering feet ; And found — what I had prayed for with wild tears — A rest , that soothed the lingering grief of years ! So for that deep , perpetual joy , my day ! And for all lovely things that came to play In thy glad smile — the pure and pleading flowers That crowned with their frail bloom thy flying hours — The sunlit clouds — the pleasant air that played Its low lute-music ‘ mid the leafy shade — And , dearer far , the tenderness that taught My soul a new and richer thrill of thought — For these — for all — bear thou to Heaven for me The grateful thanks with which I mission thee ! Then should thy sisters , wasted , wronged , upbraid , Speak thou for me — for thou wert not betrayed ! ‘ Twas little — true — I could to thee impart — I , with my simple , frail and wayward heart ; But that I strove the diamond sands to light , In Life 's rich hour-glass , with Love 's rainbow flight ; And that one generous spirit owed to me A moment of exulting ecstasy ; And that I won o'er wrong a queenly sway — For this , thou'lt smile for me in Heaven , my Day ! SAM NEEDY . A TALE OF THE PENITENTIARY . BY LOUIS FITZGERALD TASISTRO . Several years ago , a man of the name of Samuel Needy , a poor artisan , was living in London . He had with him a wife , and a child by this wife . This artisan was skillful , quick , intelligent , very ill-treated by education , very well-treated by nature — able to think , but not to read . One winter his work failed him — there was neither fire nor food in his garret ; the man , the woman , and the child were cold and hungry ; he committed a theft ; it is unnecessary to state what he stole , or whence he stole it . Suffice it to know , that the consequences of this theft were three days ’ food and fire to the wife and child , and five years of imprisonment to the man . Sam Needy , lately an honest man , now and henceforth a thief , was dignified and grave in appearance ; his high forehead was already wrinkled , though he was still young ; some gray lines lurked among the black and bushy tufts of his hair ; his eye was soft , and buried deep beneath his lofty and well-turned eye-brow ; his nostrils were open , his chin advancing , his lip scornful ; it was a fine head — let us see what society made of it . He was a man of few words — more frequent gestures — somewhat imperious in his whole manner , and one to make himself obeyed ; of a melancholy air — rather serious than suffering ; for all that he had suffered enough . In the place where he was confined there was a director of the work-rooms — a kind of functionary peculiar to prisons , who combined in himself the offices of turnkey and tradesman , who would at the same time issue an order to the workman and threaten the prisoner — put tools in his hand and irons on his feet . This man was a variety of his own species — a man peremptory , tyrannical , governed by his fancies , holding tight the reins of his authority , and yet , on occasion , a boon companion , jovial and condescending to a joke — rather hard than firm — reasoning with no one — not even himself — a good father , and doubtless a good husband — ( a duty , by the way , and not a virtue ;) in short , evil but not bad . The principal , the diagonal line of this man 's character was obstinacy ; he was proud of it , and therein compared himself to Napoleon , when he had once fixed what he called his will upon an absurdity , he went to its furthest length , holding his head high , and despising all obstacles . Such violence of purpose without reason , is only folly tied to the tail of brute force , and serving to lengthen it . For the most part , whenever a catastrophe , whether public or private , happens amongst men , if we look beneath the rubbish with which it strews the earth , to find in what manner the fallen fabric had been propped , we shall , with rare exceptions , discover it to have been blindly put together by a weak and obstinate man , trusting and admiring himself implicitly . Many of the smaller of these strange fatalities pass in the world for providences . Such was he who was the director of the work-rooms in the House of Correction where poor Sam Needy was sent to undergo his sentence . Such was the stone with which society daily struck its prisoners to draw sparks from them . The sparks which such stones draw from such flints often kindle conflagrations . In a short time Sam found the prison air natural to him , and appeared to have forgotten every thing ; a certain severe serenity , which belonged to his character , had resumed its mastery . In about the same time he had acquired a singular ascendency over all his companions , as if by a sort of silent agreement , and without any one knowing wherefore , not even himself . All these men consulted him , listened to him , admired and imitated him , ( the last point to which admiration can mount .) It was no slight glory to be obeyed by all these lawless natures ; the empire had come to him without his own seeking — it was a consequence of the respect with which they beheld him . The eye of a man is a window , through which may be seen the thoughts which enter into and issue from his heart . Place an individual who possesses ideas among those who do not , at the end of a given time , and by a law of irresistible attraction , all their misty minds shall draw together with humility and reverence round his illuminated one . There are men who are iron , and there are men who are loadstone . Sam Needy was loadstone . In less than three months he had become the soul , the law , the order of the work-room ; he was the dial , concentrating all rays ; he must even himself have sometimes doubted whether he were king or prisoner — it was the captivity of a pope among his cardinals . By as natural a reaction , accomplished step by step , as he was loved by the prisoners , so was he detested by the jailers . It is always thus , popularity cannot exist without disfavor — the love of the slaves is always exceeded one degree by the hate of their masters . Sam Needy was , by his particular organization , a great eater ; his stomach was so formed , that food enough for two common men would hardly have sufficed for his nourishment . Lord Slickborough had one of these large appetites , and laughed at it ; but that which is a cause of gayety for a British peer , with a rent-roll of fifty-thousand pounds a year , is a heavy charge to an artisan , and a misfortune to a prisoner . Sam Needy , free in his own loft , worked all day , earned his four pounds of bread , and ate it ; Sam Needy , in prison , worked all day , and , for his pains , received invariably one pound and a half of bread , and four ounces of meat ; the ration admits of no change . Sam was therefore constantly hungry whilst in the House of Correction ; he was hungry , and no more — he did not speak of it because it was not his nature so to do . One day Sam , after devouring his scanty pittance , had returned to his work , thinking to cheat his hunger by it — the rest of the prisoners were eating cheerily . A young man , pale , fair , and feeble-looking , came and placed himself near him ; he held in his hand his ration , as yet untouched , and a knife ; he remained in that situation , with the air of one who would speak , and dares not . The sight of the man , and his bread and meat annoyed Sam . “ What do you want ? ” said he , rudely . “ That you would do me a service , ” said the young man , timidly . “ What ? ” replied Sam . “ That you would help me to eat this — it is too much for me . ” A tear stood in the proud eye of Sam ; he took the knife , divided the young man 's ration into two equal parts , took one of them , and began eating . “ Thank you , ” said the young man ; “ if you like , we will share together every day . ” “ What is your name ? ” said Sam . “ Heartall . ” “ Wherefore are you here ? ” “ I have committed a theft . ” “ And I too , ” said Sam . Henceforth they did thus share together every day . Sam Needy was little more than thirty years old , but at times he appeared fifty , so stern were his thoughts usually . Heartall was twenty — he might have been taken for seventeen , so much innocence was there in his appearance . A strict friendship was knit up between the two , rather of father to son than brother to brother , Heartall being still almost a child , Sam already nearly an old man . They wrought in the same work-room — they slept under the same vault — they walked in the same airing-ground — they ate of the same bread . Each of these two friends was the universe to the other — it would seem that they were happy . Mention has already been made of the director of the work-rooms . This man , who was abhorred by the prisoners , was often obliged , in order to enforce obedience , to have recourse to Sam Needy , who was beloved by them . On more than one occasion , when the question was , how to put down a rebellion or a tumult , the authority without title of Sam Needy had given powerful aid to the official authority of the director ; in short , to restrain the prisoners , ten words from him were as good as ten turnkeys . Sam had many times rendered this service to the director , wherefore the latter detested him cordially . He was jealous of him ; there was at the bottom of his heart a secret , envious , implacable hatred against Sam — the hate of a titular for a real sovereign — of a temporal against a spiritual power ; these are the worst of all hatreds . Sam loved Heartall greatly , and did not trouble himself about the director . One morning when the turnkeys were leading the prisoners , two by two , from their dormitory to the work-room , one of them called Heartall , who was by the side of Sam , and informed him that the director wished to see him . “ What does he want with you ? ” said Sam . “ I do not know , ” replied the other . The turnkey took Heartall away . The morning past ; Heartall did not return to the work-room . When the dinner hour arrived , Sam expected that he should rejoin Heartall in the airing-ground — but no Heartall was there . He returned into the work-room , still Heartall did not make his appearance . So passed the day . At night , when the prisoners were removed to their dormitory , Sam looked out for Heartall , but could not see him . It would seem that he must have suffered much at that moment , for he addressed the turnkey — a thing which he had never done before . “ Is Heartall sick ? ” was his question . “ No , ” replied the turnkey . “ Why is it , then , that he has not again made his appearance to-day ? ” “ Ah , ” replied the turnkey , carelessly , “ they have put him in another ward . ” The witnesses who deposed to these facts at a later period , remarked , that at this answer , Sam 's hand , in which was a lighted candle , trembled a little . He again asked , calmly , “ Whose order was this ? ” The turnkey said “ Mr. Flint 's . ” The name of the director of the work-rooms was Flint . The next day went by like the last , but no news of Heartall . That evening , when the day 's work ended , Mr. Flint came to make his usual round of inspection . As soon as Sam Needy saw him , he took off his cap of coarse wool , buttoned his gray vest , sad livery of the work-house , ( it is a principle in prisons , that a vest , respectfully buttoned , bespeaks the favor of the superior officers ,) and placed himself at the end of his bench , waiting till the director came by . He passed . “ Sir , ” said Sam . The director stopped and turned half round . “ Sir , ” said Sam , “ is it true that Heartall 's ward has been changed ? ” “ Yes , ” returned the director . “ Sir , ” continued Sam , “ I cannot live without Heartall ; you know that with the ration of the house I have not enough to eat , and that Heartall shared his bread with me . ” “ That was his business , ” replied the director . “ Sir , is there no means of getting Heartall replaced in the same ward as myself ? ” “ Impossible ! it is so decided . ” “ By whom ? ” “ By myself . ” “ Mr. Flint , ” persisted Sam , “ the question is my life or death , and it depends upon you . ” “ I never revoke my decisions . ” “ Sir , is it because I have given you offence ? ” “ None . ” “ In that case , ” said Sam , “ why do you separate me from Heartall ? ” “ It is my will ” said the director . With this explanation he went away . Sam Needy stooped his head and made no answer . Poor caged lion , from whom they had taken his dog ! The grief of this separation in no way changed the prisoner 's almost disease of voracity . Nor was he , in other respects , obviously altered . He did not speak of Heartall to any of his comrades . He walked alone in the airing-ground , in the hours of recreation , and suffered hunger — nothing more . Nevertheless , those who knew him well , remarked something of a sinister and sombre expression which daily overspread his countenance more and more . In other respects he was gentler than ever . Many wished to share their ration with him , but he refused with a smile . Every evening , after the explanation which the director had given him , he committed a sort of folly , which , in so grave a man , was astonishing . At the moment when the director , in the progress of his habitual duty , passed by Sam Needy 's working-frame , he would raise his eyes , gaze steadily upon him , and then address to him , in a tone full of distress and anger , combining at once menace and supplication , these two words only — “ remember Heartall ! ” the director would either appear not to hear , or pass on , shrugging his shoulders . He was wrong . It became evident to all the lookers on of these strange scenes , that Sam Needy was inwardly determined on some step . All the prison awaited with anxiety the result of this strife between obstinacy and resolution . It has been proved , that once Sam said to the director , “ Listen , sir , give me back my comrade ; you will do well to do it , I assure you . Take notice that I tell you this . ” Another time , one Sunday , when he had remained in the airing-ground for many hours in the same attitude , seated on a stone , his elbows on his knees , and his forehead buried in his hands , one of his fellow-convicts approached him , and cried out , laughing , “ What are you about here , Sam ? ” Sam raised his stern head slowly , and said , “ I am sitting in judgment ! ” At last , on the evening of the 1st of November , 1833 , at the moment when the director was making his round , Sam Needy crushed under his foot a watch-glass , which he had that morning found in the corridor . The director inquired whence that noise proceeded . “ It is nothing , ” said Sam . “ It is I , Mr. Flint — give me back my comrade . ” “ Impossible ! ” said his master . “ It must be done though , ” said Sam , in a low and steady voice , and looking the director full in the face , added , “ reflect , this is the first of November , I give you till the 10th . ” A turnkey made the remark to Mr. Flint that Sam Needy threatened him , and that it was a case for solitary confinement . “ No , nothing of the kind , ” said the director , with a disdainful smile , “ we must be gentle with these sort of people . ” On the morrow , another convict approached Sam Needy , who walked by himself , melancholy , leaving the other prisoners to bask in a patch of sunshine at the further corner of the court . “ What now , Sam — what are you thinking of ? You seem sad . ” “ I am afraid , ” said Sam , “ that some misfortune will happen soon to this gentle Mr. Flint . ” There are nine full days from the 1st to the 10th of November . Sam Needy did not let one pass without gravely warning the director of the state , more and more miserable , in which the disappearance of Heartall placed him . The director , worn out , sentenced him to four-and-twenty hours of solitary confinement , because his prayer was too like a demand . This was all that Sam Needy obtained . The 10th of November arrived . On this day Sam arose with such a serene countenance as he had not worn since the day when the decision of Mr. Flint had separated him from his friend . When risen , he searched in a white wooden box , which stood at the foot of his bed , and contained his few possessions . He drew thence a pair of sempstress 's scissors . These , with an odd volume of Cowper 's poems , were all that remained to him of the woman he had loved — of the mother of his child — of his happy little home of other days . Two articles , totally useless to Sam ; the scissors could only be of service to a woman — the book to a lettered person . Sam could neither sew nor read . At the time when he was traversing the old hall , which serves as the winter walk for the prisoners , he approached a convict of the name of Dawson , who was looking with attention at the enormous bars of a window . Sam was holding the little pair of scissors in his hands ; he showed them to Dawson , saying , “ To-night I will divide those bars with these scissors . ” Dawson began to laugh incredulously . Sam joined him . That morning he worked with more zeal than usual — faster and better than ever before . A little past noon he went down on some pretext or other to the joiner 's workshop , on the ground-floor , under the story in which was his own . Sam was beloved there as every where else ; but he entered it seldom . Thus it was — “ Stop , here 's Sam ! ” They got round him ; it was a perfect holyday . He cast a quick glance around the room . Not one of the overlookers was there . “ Who has a hatchet to lend me ? ” said he . “ What to do ? ” was the inquiry . “ Kill the director of the work-rooms . ” They offered him many to choose from . He took the smallest of those which were very sharp , hid it in his trowsers , and went out . There were twenty-seven prisoners in that room . He had not desired them to keep his secret ; they all kept it . They did not even talk of it among themselves . Every one separately awaited the result . The thing was straight-forward — terribly simple . Sam could neither be counseled nor denounced . An hour afterward he approached a convict sixteen years old , who was lounging in the place of exercise , and advised him to learn to read . The rest of the day was as usual . At 7 o'clock at night the prisoners were shut up , each division in the work-room to which they belonged , and the overseers went out , as it appears was the custom , not to return till after the director 's visit . Sam was locked in with his companions like the rest . Then there passed in this work-room an extraordinary scene , one not without majesty and awe , the only one of the kind which is to be told in this story . There were there ( according to the judiciary deposition afterward made ) four-and-twenty prisoners , including Sam Needy . As soon as the overseers had left them alone , Sam stood up upon a bench , and announced to all the room that he had something to say . There was silence . Then Sam raised his voice , and said , “ You all know that Heartall was my brother . Here they do not give me enough to eat ; even with the bread which I can buy with the little I earn , it is not sufficient . Heartall shared his ration with me . I loved him at first because he fed me , then because he loved me . The director , Mr. Flint , separated us ; our being together could be nothing to him — but he is a bad-hearted man , who enjoys tormenting others . I have asked him for Heartall back again . You have heard me . He will not do it . I gave him till the 10th , which is to-day , to restore Heartall to me . He ordered me into solitary confinement for telling him so . I , during this time , have sat in judgment upon him , and condemned him to death . In two hours he will come to make his round . I warn you that I am about to kill him . Have you any thing to say on the matter ? ” All continued silent . He went on ; he spoke ( so it appears ) with a peculiar eloquence , which was natural to him . He declared that he knew he was about to do a violent deed , but could not think it wrong . He appealed to the conscience of his four-and-twenty listeners . He was placed in a cruel extremity ; the necessity of doing justice to himself was a strait into which every man found himself driven at one time or other ; he could not , in truth , take the director 's life without giving his own for it ; but it was right to give his life for a just end . He had thought deeply on the matter , and that alone , for two months ; he believed he was not carried away by passion , but if it were so , he trusted they would warn him . He honestly submitted his reasons to the just men whom he addressed . He was about to kill Mr. Flint ; but if any one had any objection to make , he was ready to hear it . One voice alone was raised to say , that before killing the director , Sam ought to make one last attempt to soften him . “ It is fair , ” said Sam . “ I will do so . ” The great clock struck the hour — it was eight . The director would make his appearance at nine . No sooner had this extraordinary court of appeal ratified the sentence he had submitted to it , than Sam resumed his former serenity . He placed upon the table all the linen and garments he possessed — the scanty property of a prisoner — and calling to him , one after the other , those of his companions whom he loved best after Heartall , he divided all amongst them . He only kept the little pair of scissors . Then he embraced them all . Some of them wept — upon these he smiled . There were moments in this last hour , when he chatted with so much tranquillity , and even gayety , that many of his comrades inwardly hoped , as they afterward declared , that he might perhaps abandon his resolution . He perceived a young convict who was pale , who was gazing upon him with fixed eyes , and trembling doubtless from expectation of what he was about to witness . “ Come , courage , young man , ” said Sam to him , softly , “ it will be only the work of a moment . ” When he had distributed all his goods , made all his adieux , pressed all their hands , he interrupted the restless whisperings which were heard here and there in the dim corners of the work-room , and commanded that they should return to their labor . All obeyed him in silence . The apartment in which this passed was an oblong hall , a parallelogram , lighted with windows on its two longer sides , and with two doors opposite each other at the two ends of the room . The working-frames were ranged on each side near the windows , the benches touching the wall at right angles , and the space left free between the two rows of frames formed a sort of avenue , which went straight from one door to the other , crossing the hall entirely . It was this which the director traversed in making his inspection ; he was to enter at the south door , and go out by the north , after having looked at the workmen on the right and left . Commonly he passed through quickly and without stopping . Sam Needy had reseated himself on his bench , and had betaken himself to his work . All were in expectation — the moment approached ; on a sudden they heard the clock strike . Sam said , “ It is the last quarter . ” Then he rose , crossed gravely a part of the hall , and placed himself , leaning on his elbow , on the first frame on the left hand side , close to the door of entrance ; his countenance was perfectly calm and benign . Nine o'clock struck — the door opened — the director came in . At that moment the silence of the work-room was as of a chamber full of statues . The director was alone as usual ; he entered with his jovial , self-satisfied , and stubborn air , without noticing Sam , who was standing at the left side of the door , his right hand hidden in his trowsers , and passed rapidly by the first frames , tossing his head , mumbling his words , and casting his glance , which was law , here and there , not perceiving that the eyes of all who surrounded him were fixed upon him as upon a fearful phantom . On a sudden he turned sharply round , surprised to hear a step behind him . It was Sam Needy , who for some instants followed him in silence . “ What are you about there ? ” said the director . “ Why are you not in your place ? ” Sam Needy answered respectfully , “ Because I have something to say to you , Mr. Flint . ” “ What about ? ” “ Concerning Heartall . ” “ Still Heartall ! ” exclaimed the director . “ Always , ” replied Sam . “ Be quiet , ” said the director , walking on again . “ You are not content , then , with your four-and-twenty hours of solitary confinement ? ” Sam followed him — “ Mr. Flint , give me back my comrade . ” “ Impossible ! ” “ Sir , ” said Sam , in a tone which might have softened the heart of a fiend , “ I entreat you , restore Heartall to me . You shall see how well I will work . To you who are free , it is no matter — you do not know what the worth of a friend is ; but I have only the four walls of my prison . You can come and go , I have nothing but Heartall — give him back to me . Heartall fed me — you know it well . It will only cost you the trouble of saying yes . What can it be to you that there should be in the same room one man called Sam Needy , another called Heartall ?— for the thing is simply that , Mr. Flint ; good Mr. Flint , I beseech you earnestly , for Heaven 's sake ! ” Sam had probably never before said so much at one time to a jailer ; exhausted with the effort , he paused . The director replied , with an impatient gesture , “ Impossible — I have said it ; speak to me no more about it , you wear me out . ” Then , as if in a hurry , he stepped on more quickly , Sam following . Thus speaking , they had reached the door of exit ; the prisoners looked after them , and listened breathlessly . Sam gently touched the director 's arm . “ At least let me know why I am condemned to death — tell me why you have separated him from me ? ” “ I have told you , ” answered the director ; “ it is my will . ” He turned his back upon Sam , and was about to take hold of the latch of the door . On this answer Sam had retreated a step ; the assembled statues who were there saw him bring out his right hand , and the hatchet with it ; it was raised , and ere the victim could utter one cry , three blows , one upon the other , had cleft his skull . At the moment , when he fell back , a fourth blow laid his face open ; then , as if his frenzy , once let loose , could not stop , Sam struck a fifth blow ; it was useless — he was dead . “ Now for the other ! ” cried the murderer , and threw away the hatchet . That other was himself . They saw him draw from his bosom the small pair of scissors , and before any one could attempt to hinder him , bury them in his breast . The blade was too short to penetrate . He struck them in again and again , so many as twenty times . “ Accursed heart ! cannot I then reach you ? ” and finally fell in a dead swoon , bathed in his blood . Which of these men was the victim of the other ? When Sam returned to consciousness , he was in bed , well attended , his wounds carefully bandaged ; a humane nurse was about his pillow , and more than one magistrate , who asked him , with the appearance of great interest , “ Are you better ? ” He had lost a great quantity of blood , but the scissors with which he had wounded himself , had done their duty ill — none of the wounds were dangerous . The examinations commenced . They asked him if it were he who had killed the director of the work-rooms . He replied , “ It was . ” They asked him why he had done it . He answered — it was his will . After this the wounds festered . He was seized with a severe fever , of which he only did not die . November , December , January , and February , went over in recovering him and preparing for his trial ; physicians and judges alike made him the object of their care — the former healed his wounds , the latter made ready his scaffold . To be brief , on the 5th of April , 1834 , he appeared , being perfectly cured , before the Court of Sessions . Sam made a good appearance before the court ; he had been carefully shaved , his head was bare ; he was dressed in the sad prison livery of two shades of gray . When the trial was entered upon , a singular difficulty presented itself . Not any of the witnesses of the events of the 10th of November , would make a deposition against Sam . The presiding judge threatened them with his discretionary power in vain . Sam then commanded them to give evidence . All their tongues were loosed . They related what they had seen . Sam Needy listened with profound attention . When one of them , out of forgetfulness , or affection for him , omitted some of the circumstances chargeable upon the accused , Sam supplied them . By this means the chain of facts which has been related was unfolded before the court . There was one moment when some of the females present wept . The clerk of the court summoned the convict , Heartall . It was his turn to come forward . He entered , staggering with emotion — he wept . The police could not prevent his falling into the arms of Sam . Sam raised him , and said with a smile to the attorney-general , “ Here is a villain who shares his bread with those who are hungry . ” Then he kissed Heartall 's hand . The list of witnesses having been gone through , the attorney-general rose and spoke in these words : “ Gentlemen of the jury , society would be shaken to its foundation if public vengeance did not overtake such great criminals as this man , who , etc ., etc . ” After this memorable discourse , Sam 's advocate spoke . The pleader against , and the pleader for , made each in due order , the evolutions which they are accustomed to make in the arena which is called a criminal court . Sam did not think that all was said that might be said . He arose in his turn . He spoke in a manner which must have amazed all the intelligent persons present on the occasion . It appeared as if there were more of the orator than the murderer in this poor artisan . He spoke in an upright attitude , with a penetrating and well-managed voice ; with an open , sincere , and steadfast gaze , with a gesture almost always the same , but full of command . There were moments in which his genuine , lofty eloquence stirred the crowd to a murmur , during which Sam took breath , casting a bold gaze upon the bystanders . Then again , this man , who could not read , was as gentle , polished , select in his language , as a well-informed person — at other moments modest , measured , attentive , going step by step over the irritating parts of the argument , courteous to his judges . Once only he gave way to a burst of passion . The attorney-general had proved in his speech that Sam Needy had assassinated the director without any violence on his part , and consequently without provocation . “ What ! ” exclaimed Sam Needy , “ I have not been provoked ! Ay — it is very true — I understand you . A drunken man strikes me with his dagger — I kill him , I have been provoked ; you show mercy to me , you send me to Botany Bay . But a man who is not drunk , who has the perfect use of his reason , wrings my heart for four years , humbles me for four years , pierces me with a weapon every day , every hour , every minute , in some unexpected point for four years . I had a wife , for whose sake I became a thief — he tortures me through that wife ; a child for whom I stole — he tortures me through that child . I have not bread enough to eat — a friend gives it me ; he takes away my friend and my food . I ask for my friend back — he condemns me to solitary confinement . I speak to him — him , the spy — respectfully ; he answers me in dog 's language . I tell him I am suffering — he tells me I wear him out . What would you , then , that I should do ? I kill him . It is well — I am a monster ; I have murdered this man ; I have not been provoked . You take my life for it — be it so . ” The debates being closed , the presiding judge made his impartial and luminous summing up . The results were these : a wicked life — a wretch in purpose . Sam Needy had begun by stealing — he then murdered . All this was true . When the jury were about being conducted to their apartment , the judge asked the accused if he had any thing to say upon the questions before them . “ Little , ” replied Sam , “ only this ; I am a thief and an assassin . I have stolen , and have slain a man . But why have I stolen ? Why have I murdered ? Add these two questions to the rest , gentleman of the jury . ” After a quarter of an hour 's deliberation on the part of the twelve individuals whom he had addressed as gentlemen of the jury , Sam Needy was condemned to death . Their decision was read to Sam , who contented himself with saying , “ It is well — but why has this man stolen ? Why has this man murdered ? These are questions to which they make no answer . ” He was carried back to prison — he supped almost gayly . He had no wish to make an appeal against his sentence . The old woman who had nursed him entreated him with tears to do so . He complied out of kindness to her . It would appear as if he had resisted till the very last moment , for when he signed his petition in the register , the legal delay of three days had expired some minutes before . The benevolent old nurse gave him a crown . He accepted the money and thanked her . While his appeal was pending , offers of escape were made him . There was thrown , one after the other , in his dungeon , through its air-hole , a nail , a bit of iron file , and the handle of a bucket . Any of these three tools would have been sufficient to so skillful a man as Sam Needy to cut through his irons . He gave up the nail , the file , and the handle to the turnkey . On the 10th of June , 1834 , seven months after the deed , its expiation arrived . That day , at seven o'clock in the morning , the recorder of the tribunal entered Sam Needy 's dungeon , and announced to him that he had not more than an hour to live . His petition was rejected . “ Come , ” said Sam , coldly , “ I have this night slept well , without troubling myself that I should sleep still better the next . ” It would appear as if the words of strong men always receive a certain dignity from approaching death . The chaplain arrived — then the executioner . He was humble to the one , gentle to the other . He maintained a perfect ease of spirit . He listened to the chaplain with extreme attention , accusing himself of many things , and regretting that he had not been instructed in religion . At his request they had given him back the scissors with which he had wounded himself . One blade , which had been broken in his breast , was wanting . He entreated the jailor to have these scissors taken to Heartall as from himself . He besought those who bound his hands to place in his right hand the crown-piece which the good nurse had given him — the only thing which was now remaining to him . At a quarter to eight he was led out of his prison , with the customary mournful procession which attends the condemned . He was pale ; his eyes were fixed on the chaplain — but he walked with a firm step . He ascended the scaffold gravely . He shook hands with the chaplain first , then the executioner , thanking the one , forgiving the other . The executioner pushed him back gently , says one account . At the moment when the assistant put the hideous rope round his neck , he made a sign to the chaplain to take the crown-piece which he had in his right hand , and said to him , “ For the poor . ” At that moment the clock was striking eight , the sound from the steeple drowned his voice , and the chaplain answered that he could not hear him . Sam waited for an interval between two of the strokes , and repeated with gentleness , “ For the poor . ” The eighth stroke had scarcely sounded when this noble and intelligent criminal was launched into eternity . THE ANGEL OF THE SOUL . BY J. BAYARD TAYLOR . Una stella , una notte , ed una croce . Antonio Bisazza . Silence hath conquered thee , imperial Night ! Thou sit'st alone within her void , cold halls , Thy solemn brow uplifted , and thy soul Paining the space with dumb and mighty thought . The dreary wind ebbs , voiceless , round thy form , Following the stealthy hours , that wake no stir In the hushed velvet of thy mantle 's fold . Thy thoughts take being : down the dusky aisles Go shapes of good , and beckoning ghosts of crime , And dreams of maddening beauty — hopes , that shine To darken , and in cloudy height sublime , The spectral march of some approaching Doom ! Nor these alone , oh ! Mother of the world , People thy chambers , echoless and vast ; Their dewy freshness like ambrosial cools Life 's fever-thirst , and to the fainting soul Their porphyry walls are touched with light , and gleams Of shining wonder dazzle through the void , Like those bright marvels which the travele'rs torch Wakes from the darkness of three thousand years , In rock-hewn sepulchres of Theban kings . Prophets , whose brows of pale , unearthly glow Reflect the twilight of celestial dawns , And bards , transfigured in immortal song , Like eager children , kneeling at thy feet , Unclasp the awful volume of thy lore . My soul goes down thy far , untrodden paths , To the dim verge of being . There its step Touches the threshold of sublimer life , And through the boundless empyrean leaps Its prayer , borne like a faint , expiring cry , To angel-warders , listening as they pace The crystal walls of Heaven . Down the blue fields Of the untraveled Infinite , they come : Beneath their wings one sweet , dilating wave Thrills the pure deep , and bears my soul aloft , To walk amid their shining groups , and call Its guardian spirit , as an orphan calls His vanished brother , taken in childhood home : “ White through my cradled dreams thy pinions waved , Lost Angel of the Soul ! thy presence led The babe 's faint gropings through the glimmering dark And into Being 's conscious dawn . Thy hand Held mine in childhood , and thy beaming cheek Lay close , like some fond playmate 's , to mine own . Up to that boundary , whence the heart leaps forth To life , like some wild torrent , when the rains Pour dark and full upon the cloudy hills , Thy gentle footsteps wandered near to mine . Be with me now ! Oh , in the starry hush Of the deep night , that holds the earthly down In all my nature , bring to me again The early purity , which kept thy hand From the entrancing harp it held in Heaven ! Through the warm starting of my hoarded tears , Let me behold thine eyes divine , as stars Gleam through the twilight vapors of the sea ! “ Not yet hast thou forsaken me . The prayer Whose crowning fervor lifts my nature up Midway to God , may still evoke thy form . Thou hast been with me , when the midnight dew Clung damp upon my brow , and the broad fields Stretched far and dim beneath the ghostly moon ; When the dark , awful woods were silent near , And with imploring hands toward the stars Clasped in mute yearning , I have questioned Heaven For the lost language of the book of Life . Oh , then thy face was glorious , and thy hair On the white moonbeam floating , veiled thy brow , But in the holy sadness of thine eye Which held my spirit , tremblingly I saw , Through rushing tears , the sign of angel-grief O'er the false promise of diviner years . From the far glide of some descending strain Of tenderest music I have heard thy voice ; And thou hast called amid the stormy rush Of grand orchestral triumph , with a sound Resistless in its power . I feel the light , Which is thine atmosphere , around my soul , When a great sorrow gulfs it from the world . “ Come back ! come back ! my heart grows faint , to know How thy withdrawing radiance leaves more dim The twilight borders of the night of Earth . Now when the bitter truth is learned ; when all That seemed so high and good but mocks its seeming — When the warm dreams of youth come shivering back , In the cold chambers of the heart to die — When , with the wrestling years , familiar grows The merciless hand of pain , desert me not ! Come with the true heart of the faithful Night , When I have cast away the masquing garb Of hollow Day , and lain my soul to rest On her consoling bosom ! From the founts Of thine exhaustless light , make clear the road Through toil and darkness , into God 's repose ! ” SCOUTING NEAR VERA CRUZ . A SKETCH OF THE LATE CAMPAIGN . BY ECOLIER . Hours before day , Lieutenant Rolfe and his party were threading the mazes of the chapparal . The moon glistened upon their bayonets and bright barrels . Their path lay in a southwesterly direction , near the old road to Orizava . Here it passed through a glade or opening , where the moonbeams fell upon a profusion of flowers , there it re ë ntered dark alleys among the clustering trees , where the “ trail arms ” was given in a half whisper . The boughs met and locked overhead , and the thick foliage hid the moon from sight . Now a bright beam escaping through some chance opening in the leaves , quivered along the path , and scared the wolf in his midnight wanderings . Out again upon the open track through the soft grass , and winding around the wild maguey , or under the claw-shaped thorns of the musquit . A deer sprung from his lair among the soft flowers — looked back for a moment at the strange intruders , and frightened at the gleaming steel , dashed off into the thicket . The woods are not silent by night , as in the colder regions of the north . The southern forest has its voices , moonlit or dark . All through the livelong night sings the mock-bird — screams the “ loreto . ” From dark till dawn , you hear the hoarse baying of the “ coyote , ” and the dismal howl of the gaunt gray wolf . The cicada fills the air with its monotonous and melancholy notes . In all these sounds there is a breathing , a wild voluptuousness that tells you you are wandering in the clime of the sun — amidst scenes like those rendered classical by the pen of St. Pierre . They who have read the sweet French romance , will recognize his faithful painting of tropical pictures . The sunny glades — and shady arbors — the broad green and yellow leaves — the tall palm-trees , with their long , lazy feathers and clustering fruits waving to the slightest breeze , and looking the same as in that sea island where they flung their changing shadows over the loves of Paul and Virginia . Scouting at night , and to strangers ( as were Rolfe and his men ) in the land , was not without its perils . Objects of alarm were near and around . The nopal rose before you like the picket of an enemy . Its dark column gleaming under the false light of the moon is certainly some sentinel on the outpost . A halt is the consequence , and silent and cat-like one of the party , on his hands and knees , steals nearer and nearer , through the thorny brambles , until the true nature of the apparition betrays itself , in the shape of a huge column of prickly pear . He then returns to his comrades , and the obstacle is passed , some one as he passes , with a muttered curse , slashing his sabre through the soft trunk of the harmless vegetable . The wild maguey grasps you by the leg , as though some hideous monster had sprung from the bushes . You start and rush forward , only to be dragged back among the elastic leaves . It is useless to struggle . You must either return and unwind yourself by gentle means , or leave the better part of your cloth inexpressibles in the ruthless fangs of the plant . The ranchero fences his limbs with leather , or with leggings of tiger-skin . It is not fancy or choice to wear leather breeches in Mexico . Necessity has something to say in fixing the fashion of your small clothes . When day broke , Rolfe and his party were ten miles from camp — ten miles from the nearest American picket , and with only thirty men ! They were concealed in a thicket of aloes and musquit . This thicket crowned the only eminence for miles in any direction . It commanded a view of the whole country southward to the Alvarado . As the sun rose the forest echoed with sounds and song . The leaves moved with life , as a thousand bright-plumed birds flashed from tree to tree . The green parrot screamed after his mate , uttering his wild notes of endearment . They are seen in pairs flying high up in the heavens . The troupiale flashed through the dark foliage like a ray of yellow light . Birds seemed to vie with each other in their songs of love . Amidst these sounds of the forest , the ear of Rolfe caught the frequent crowing of cocks , the barking of dogs , and the other well-known sounds of the settlement . These were heard upon all sides . It was plain that the country was thickly settled , though not a house was visible above the tree-tops . The thin column of blue smoke as it rose above the green foliage proved the existence of dwellings . At some distance , westward , an open plain lay like an emerald lake . The woods that bordered it were of a darker hue than the meadow-grass upon its bosom . In this plain were horses feeding , and Rolfe saw at a glance that they were picketed . Some of them had dragged their laryettes and were straying from the group . There appeared to be in all about an hundred horses . It was plain that their owners were not far off . A thin blue smoke that hung over the trees on one side of the meadow gave evidence of a camp . The baying of dogs came from this direction , mingled with the sounds of human voices . It was evidently a camp of the “ Jarochos , ” ( guerilleros .) Suddenly a bugle sounded , wild and clear above the voices of the singing-birds , a few notes somewhat resembling the dragoon stable-call . The horses flung up their heads and neighed fiercely , looking toward the encampment . Presently a crowd of men were seen running from the woods , each carrying a saddle . The few strays that had drawn their pickets during the night , came running in at the well-known voices of their masters . The saddles were flung on and tightly girthed — the bits adjusted and the laryettes coiled and hung to the saddle-horns , in less time than an ordinary horseman would have put on a bridle . Another flourish of the bugle , and the troop were in their saddles and galloping away over the greensward of the meadow in a southerly direction . The whole transaction did not occupy five minutes , and it seemed to Rolfe and his party , who witnessed it , more like a dream than a reality . The Jarochos were just out of musket range . A long shot might have reached them , but even had Rolfe ventured this , it would have been with doubtful propriety . Rumor had fixed the existence of a large force of the enemy in this neighborhood . It was supposed that at least a thousand men were on the Alvarado road , with the intention of penetrating our lines , with beeves for the besieged Veracruzanos . “ They got off in good time , sergeant , ” muttered Rolfe , “ had they but waited half an hour longer — Oh ! for a score of Harney 's horses ! ” “ Lieutenant , may I offer an opinion ? ” asked the sergeant , who had raised himself and stood peering through the leafy branches of a cacuchou-tree . “ Certainly , Heiss , any suggestion — ” “ Wal , then — thar 's a town , ” the sergeant lifted one of the leafy boughs and pointed toward the south-east — a spire and cross — a white wall and the roofs of some cottages were seen over the trees . “ Raoul here , who 's French , and knows the place , says it 's Madalin — he 's been to it — and there 's no good road for horses direct from here — but the road from Vera Cruz crosses that meadow far up — now , lieutenant , it 's my opinion them thieving Mexicans is bound for that ‘ ere place — Raoul says it 's a good sweep round — if we could git acrosst this yere strip we 'd head ‘ em sure . ” The backwoodsman swept his broad hand toward the south , to indicate the strip of woods that he desired to cross . The plan seemed feasible enough . The town , although seemingly near , was over five miles distant . The road by which the guerrilleros had to reach it was much farther . Could Rolfe and his party meet them on this road , by an ambuscade , they would gain an easy victory , although with inferior numbers , and Rolfe wished to carry back to camp a Mexican prisoner . This was the object of the scout , to gain information of the force supposed to be in the rear of our lines . The men , too , were eager for the wild excitement of a fight . For what came they there ? “ Raoul , ” said Rolfe , “ is there any path through these woods ? ” “ Zar is , von road I have believe — oui — Monsieur Lieutenant . ” Raoul was a dapper little Frenchman , who had joined the army at Vera Cruz , where we found him . He had been a sort of market-gardener for the plaza , and knew the back country perfectly . He had fallen into bad odor with the rancheros of the Tierra Caliente , and owed them no good-will . The coming of the American army had been a perfect godsend to Raoul , who was now an American volunteer , and , as circumstances afterward proved , worthy of the title . “ Close teecket , monsieur , ” continued the Frenchman , “ but there be von road , I make ver sure , by that tree , vot you call him , big tree . ” Raoul pointed to some live-oaks that formed a dark belt across the woods . “ Take the lead , Raoul . ” The little Frenchman sprung out in front and commenced descending into the dark woods beneath . The party was soon winding through the shadowy aisles of a live-oak forest . The woods were at first open and easy . After a short march they came to a small stream , bright and silvery . But what was the surprise of Rolfe to find that the path here gave out , and on the opposite bank of the rivulet the trees grew closer together , and the woods were almost woven into a solid mass , by the lianas and other creeping plants . These were covered with blossoms . In some places a wall of snow-white flowers rose up before you . Pyramidal forms of foliage , green and yellow , over which hung myriads of vine-blossoms , like a scarlet mantle . Still there was no path — at least to be trodden by human foot . Birds flew around , scared in their solitary haunts . The armadilla and the wolf stood at a distance with glaring eyes . The fearful-looking guana scampered off upon the decaying limbs of the live-oak , or the still more fearful cobra di capella glided almost noiselessly over the dry leaves and brambles . Raoul confessed that he had been deceived . He had never traveled this belt of timber . The path was lost . This was strange . A path had conducted them thus far , but on reaching the stream had suddenly stopped . Soldiers went up and down the water-course , and peeped through the trellis of vines , but to no purpose . In all directions they were met by an impenetrable chapparal . Chafing with disappointment , the young officer was about to retrace his way , when an exclamation from Heiss recalled him . The backwoodsman had found a clew to the labyrinth . An opening led into the thicket . This had been concealed by a perfect curtain of closely woven vines , covered with thick foliage and flowers . It appeared at first to be a natural door to the avenue which led from this spot , but a slight examination showed that these vines had been trained by human hands , and that the path itself had been kept open by the same agency . Branches were here and there lopped off and cast aside , and the ground had the marks of human footsteps . The track was clear and beaten , and Rolfe ordering his men to follow noiselessly , in Indian file , took the lead . For at least two miles they traced the windings of this forest road , through dark woods , occasionally opening out into green flowery glades . The bright sky began to gleam through the trees . Farther on and the breaks became larger and more frequent . An extensive clearing was near at hand . They reached it , but to their astonishment , instead of a cultivated farm , which they had been expecting to see , the clearing had more the appearance of a vast flower-garden . The roofs and turrets of a house were visible near its centre . The house itself appeared of a strange oriental style , and was buried amidst groves of the brightest foliage . Several huge old trees spread their branches over the roof , and their leaves hung around the fantastic turrets . What should have been fields were like a succession of huge flower-beds — and large shrubs , covered with sheets of pink and white blossoms that resembled wild roses . This shrubbery was high enough to conceal the approach of Rolfe and his party as they followed the path — apparently the only one which led to the house . On nearing this , the officer halted his men in a little glade , and taking with him Heiss and the boy Gerry , ( who might return for the men in case of a surprise ,) proceeded to reconnoitre the strange-looking habitation . A wall of ivy , or some perennial vine , lay between him and the house . A curtain of green leaves covered the entrance through this wall . This appeared to have grown up by neglect . As Rolfe lifted this festoon , to pass through , the sound of female voices greeted him . These voices reached his ear in tones of the lightest mirth . At intervals came a clear ringing laugh from some throat of silver , and then a plunging , splashing sound of water . Rolfe conjectured that some females were in the act of bathing , and not wishing to intrude upon them sat down for a moment outside the wall . The sounds of merriment were still heard , and among the soft tones the officer imagined that he could distinguish the coarser voice of a man . Curiosity now prompted him to enter . Moreover , he reflected that if there were men there already there could not be much impropriety in his taking a share in the amusement . Drawing aside the curtain of leaves he looked in . The interior was a garden , but evidently in a neglected state . It appeared the ruin of a once noble garden and shrubbery . Broken fountains and statues crumbling among weeds , and untrained rose-trees , met the eye . The voices were more distinct , but those who uttered them were hidden by a hedge of jessamines . Rolfe stepped silently up to this hedge and peeped through an opening . The picture presented was indeed an enchanting one . A large fountain lay between him and the house filled with crystal water . In this fountain two young girls were plunging and diving about in the wildest abandon of mirth . The water was not more than waist deep , and the arms and bosoms of the young girls appeared above its surface . They were strikingly alike , in all except color . In this there was a marked contrast . The neck , arms and bosom of one seemed carved from snow-white marble , while the other 's complexion was almost as dark as mahogany . There was the same cast of features , the same expression in both countenances , and their forms , just emerging from the slender figure of girlhood , were exactly alike . Their long hair trailed after them , black and luxuriant , on the surface of the water , as they plunged and swam from one side of the basin to the other . A huge negress sat upon the edge of the fountain , seemingly enjoying the bath as much as those who partook of it . It was the voice of this negress that Rolfe had mistaken for that of a man . The young officer did not hesitate a moment , but stole gently back and regained his comrades . Then striking through the flowery fields that stretched away toward the wood in the rear , he commenced searching for the path that led from the woods in a direction opposite to that whence he had come , without disturbing the inmates of this peaceful mansion . Finding this path on the other side , the party entered and hastily kept on , in order to intercept the guerilleros , whom they still hoped to fall in with . In these hopes they were not disappointed , for emerging from the woods near Medellin they came upon the guerilleros , with whom they had a sharp skirmish . Rolfe and his party were successful , killing two of the guerrilla and taking the same number prisoners . The young girls continued their pleasant pastime , little dreaming how near to them had been these strange and warlike visiters . I WANT TO GO HOME BY RICHARD COE , JR . “ I want to go home ! ” saith a weary child , That hath lost its way in straying ; Ye may try in vain to calm its fears , Or wipe from its eyes the blinding tears , It looks in your face , still saying — “ I want to go home ! ” “ I want to go home ! ” saith a fair young bride , In anguish of spirit praying ; Her chosen hath broken the silver cord — Hath spoken a harsh and cruel word , And she now , alas ! is saying — “ I want to go home ! ” “ I want to go home ! ” saith the weary soul , Ever earnest thus ‘ tis praying ; It weepeth a tear — heaveth a sigh — And upward glanceth with streaming eye To its promised rest , still saying — “ I want to go home ! ” THE HUMBLING OF A FAIRY . BY G. G. FOSTER . The Princess Dewbell was confessed to be the queen of the ball , notwithstanding that the beauty and grace and wit of the whole realm were there , for it was the birth-night festival of the fairy princess , and her royal father , with all a parent 's fond pride , had exhausted invention , and impoverished extravagance , to give é clat to the occasion . The walls of his ancestral palace were sparkled all over with dew-drops , which a troop of early bees had spent all the summer mornings in collecting and preserving in the royal patent dew-preserver , invented by one of the native geniuses of the realm . These brilliant mirrors , flashing in the light of ten thousand fire-flies of the royal household , whose whole lives had been expended in learning how to carry their dainty lamps about so as to produce the finest effects , reflected the forms of the ladies and the dazzling military trappings of the handsome cavaliers , ( there was war at that time between the glorious empire of Fairydom and the weak and infatuated republic of Elfland on its southern borders , and the epaulette and spurs were the only pass to the hearts of the fair ,) imbuing them with an infinitude of prismatic hues , all softened into a kind of timed starlight , exquisite as the dying voice of music . In this gorgeous saloon , at the head of which sat , well pleased , the benevolent old King Paterflor and his modest and still lovely queen Sweetbine , all were noble and accomplished and beautiful and gay ; but the charms of the Princess Dewbell , just bursting into the richness of full-grown fairyhood , were so surpassing that none had ever been found to question , even in their own hearts , her supremacy . This , perhaps , may appear strange to many of my pretty readers , but they must remember that mine is a faithful chronicle of fairies — not of women . The princess was standing lightly touching — it could not be said that she leaned against — the slender stalk of a garden lily , that rose like an emerald column of classic mould above her lovely form , and expanded into a graceful dome of transparent and crimson-veined cornelian above her head . Her eyes were cast pensively ( at the Musical Fund Hall it would have been called coquettishly ) upon the ground , and ever and anon she tossed her proud head with an imperious gesture , until the streaming curls waved and parted around her cheek and neck , like vine-leaves about a marble column as the south wind creeps among them soliciting for kisses . The lady Dewbell , amid all this scene of enchantment , which spread out before and around her , as if her own loveliness had breathed it into existence , still was discontented ; sad , perhaps , at the total absence of care in her bosom , and sighing for a sorrow . Unhappy lady Dewbell ! She had so many hundred times been told , what she herself believed full well , that she was absolutely the most beautiful creature in existence , that the tale had lost its interest . The champagne of flattery , its creaming foam long ago melted into the brain , stood untasted before her , dull and flat as the subsided fountain poured by the last rain-shower into the tulip 's cup . And so the fairy princess stood listless and apart from the joyous revel , her little form swaying lightly to and fro , with the undulations of the lily-stem against which she more perceptibly rested . It is well for Root and Collins and Plumbe that the royal daguerreotyper was laid up in a cowslip , with a broken skylight which he had received in a rough-and-tumble with a gnat , about the ownership of a particular ray of light , at last sunsetting . But if the lady Dewbell were queen of the ball , the noble knight Sir Timothy Lawn was as undisputedly worthy of the post of honor among her gallant train of admirers . Indeed , it was universally known , of course as a profound secret among the gossips of the palace , that Sir Timothy was the declared lover of the proud Dewbell , and it was even whispered that she had actually been seen hanging around his neck one bright June morning , in a sweet clover-nook by the brook-side , while he bent tenderly over her , his eyes filled with tears of rapture . But as this story could only be traced to a rough beetleherd , who said he saw the lovers thus as he was driving his herd of black cattle to water , it was not generally believed . At any rate , all the ladies were decidedly of opinion that Sir Timothy was in every way a match for the haughty beauty , and that if she did not accept him while he was in the humor she would be very likely to go farther and fare worse . In fact , several old maids and bluestockings , over their dishes of scandal and marsh-fog , ( both of which they made uncommonly strong ,) openly avowed it as their opinion , that he was a great deal too good for her , and that , if the truth must be told , the princess was an impertinent , saucy and irreverent creature , who had n't the slightest respect for her superiors . “ As to her beauty , ” said one of these crones , whose little face was very much of the size and complexion of a dried camomile-flower , and who was shrewdly suspected of qualifying her marsh-fog with pale pink-brandy — “ As for her beauty , that is all in my eye . I have seen plenty of your plump , smooth-skinned pieces of paint and affectation fade in my time , little as I have yet seen of life . Mark my words — before we have reached our prime , my great lady princess will be as ugly as — ” “ As ugly as yourself , granny ! Ha , ha , ha ! ho , ho , ho ! haw , haw , haw ! ” shouted a mirthful voice , while an indescribably comic face , half cat and half baby , appeared for a single glimpse above the burdock leaf behind which the spinsters were holding their conversazione . “ There 's that imp Puck again , as sure as I am a woman ! ” exclaimed the gentle Mrs. Mullenstalk , rising hastily and spilling a dish of fog all over the front of her new green and yellow striped grass dress , as she ran toward the spot whence the voice had proceeded . “ I 'll to the palace this very night , and lay my complaint against that wretch . We 'll see whether virtuous ladies are to be insulted in this manner , and their helplessness trampled under foot ! ” The intruder had already disappeared ; but as the amiable Mrs. Mullenstock got her spectacles adjusted , she just caught sight of him throwing a somerset into a pumpkin-flower ; while his laugh still sounded faintly upon the air , mingled with snatches of a wild refrain , of which she could only distinguish these lines : “ Oh ho , Granny Mullenstock , how envious you be ; I 'll plague you to death , or the hornets catch me ! ” The spinster shook her fist and grinned horribly at the broad-mouthed , innocent yellow flower , down whose throat the varlet had leaped — but chancing at that moment to catch a glimpse of her own face in a little bit of mica , which served her for a toilet-mirror , she uttered the least bit of a little shriek in the world and fainted — her companions , who had by this time gathered round her , exchanging sly winks and malicious looks of gratification as she went off . But we must return to the ball-room , where the fire-flies have got sleepy , and many of them had already put out their lamps and retired , and the brilliant company of dancers and promenaders has dwindled down to a few sets , composed of those ladies who had not been asked to dance in the height of the evening , and some sour-looking gentlemen in very tight coats and pants , who had “ got the mitten ” from their sweethearts at the door , and were desperately trying to do the amiable out of sheer revenge . At length even these disappeared ; the saloons were entirely deserted , save by the beautiful mother moonbeam , who slept upon the fragrant turf , her babe , the silver starlight , folded lovingly within her bosom . Yet no , the scene is not quite solitary . Carefully bending aside the tall , slender spears of diamond-tipped grass that perpetually guarded the sacred domain of the imperial palace , a cavalier in full armor appears , making way for a lady , whose long veil of the finest spider 's web completely conceals her head and form , making her seem like an exhalation , taking , as its highest gift of grace , the shape of woman . The two advance slowly and cautiously to the centre of the saloon , and then the cavalier , throwing himself on his knees , ( that 's the way fairies invariably make love ,) beseeches his companion to have pity upon him . The lady throws back her veil with a motion of indescribable grace , and looking down into the upturned face of her lover , seriously a moment , then lightly , utters a low laugh , and replies , “ Very well , Sir Timothy Lawn , upon my word ! Quite prettily done , indeed ! You must have been taking lessons of Signor Sweetbriar , the royal parson . Now do run and bring me a glass of geranium-dew — I protest I have drank scarcely a drop all the evening . ” “ Not one word , then , for your poor lover and true knight , ” sighed Sir Timothy , in a tone of the deepest despondence . “ I did not come here to listen to school-boy nonsense , ” said the lady Dewbell , with a haughty and impatient motion of the head . “ I came to get a glass of geranium-water . But , as you decline obliging me to that extent , I suppose I must e'en get it for myself . Good-night to you , Sir Timothy ! Pleasant dreams ! ” and she disappeared . The knight was for a moment confounded ; then rising slowly , he pointed to a bright star that shone directly above him , winking and winking with all its might , as much as to say , “ what a green-horn you are ! ” and swore an oath that no fairy should ever henceforth have power over his heart , till she who had so wantonly scorned and insulted him should beg to be forgiven . As he was turning sadly away , to seek his solitary chamber in the upper branch of a bachelor 's button , on the other side of the brook , the elf-clown Puck stood before him , looking as demure as puss herself . “ Well , fool , ” said the knight , somewhat impatiently , “ how long hast thou been listening here ? ” “ As long as my ears , your worship , ” replied the urchin , undauntedly , “ and they were long enough to hear that your worship 's valiancy is a very much over-praised commodity — since a maiden 's dainty veil of knitted night-air has proved too strong for him . The knight he sued , and the knight he sighed , But he went away without supper or bride . ” “ Silence , imp ! or I ‘ ll make thine ears , of which thou hast had such pestilent service , shorter by a span . ” “ No , I thank your valiancy ! my ears do very well as they are . And I came to do you a good turn by offering you the use of them . But as your worship is so high and dry in Dundrum Bay , as we say at sea , I 'll e'en get back to my nap in the hazle copse again . ” “ Nay , good Puck , I meant thee no harm , as thou knowest well enough . Since thou knowest my innermost grief , let me hear thy fool 's advice in the matter . ” “ If I gave thee advice , I were in truth a fool . But I 'll very willingly forgive thee this time , and tell thee what I overheard to-night at the palace . ” “ Ah , that 's a good Puck ! ” “ That depends on circumstances , your valiancy . I am somewhat like a dish of toasted gallinippers — whether it is palatable or not depending very much in the way it is served . But this is what I heard his majesty say to her majesty . ‘ Sweetbine , my dear , ’ said he , ‘ do n't you think Dewbell has a fancy for our brave and noble knight , Sir Timothy Lawn ? ’ ‘ Why , my love , ’ replied her majesty , ‘ I have long been almost certain that she loved him . But she is such a confirmed flirt I am afraid she can never be brought to say so . I have n't the least idea that she would not reject Sir Timothy , were he to propose . ’ ‘ We must cure her of this fatal pride and folly , ’ replied his majesty , ‘ and I think that , with a little of your assistance , I can manage it capitally . ’ And then the dear old people passed into the royal bed-chamber , in the japonica wing , and I heard no more . ” “ I 'll to the king . ” “ And I 'll to a better friend than he ; if you permit me , your worship , I take my bough and leave . ” “ Avaunt , vile punning Puck ! Thou hast been to Philadelphia , where all the streets rhyme , and every corner is a pun upon the next . May the fiend unquip thee ! Away ! ’ “ If thou I kest not jokes , thou hadst best stick to thy bachelor'shYpppHeNbuttonhood . I tell thee , marriage is a capital joke . ” “ What knowest thou of marriage ? ” “ I am one of its fruits . ” “ A bitter jest , indeed , and plucked ere half ripened . St. Bulwer ! but thou wilt be a mother 's blessing when thou art fully grown ! ” “ Better save thy wits , sir knight ! Thou wilt have a plentiful lack of them ere the honeymoon be out of the comb . A pleasant roost in thy bachelor 's hall , and many of them ! ” and the vagabond sprung upon the back of a green lizard creeping silently through the grass , and sticking his heels into his astonished charger , dragoon-fashion , disappeared down the bank of the brook . The old king and his good wife , Sweetbine , were very much grieved at the foolish trifling of their daughter , Dewbell — for they were well assured that Dewbell loved the noble knight , Sir Timothy , and that it was only a spirit of mere wantonness that led her to vex and torment him . Long into the night did the royal couple converse , striving to devise some means of bringing their wayward daughter to her senses . They at last hit upon a plan , which they fondly hoped might be the means of securing the happiness of their child , and settling her comfortably in life . The next morning his majesty sent for the dwarf , Puck , to his private cabinet , and received him with an unusually grave and troubled aspect . “ Venerable sire , ” said Puck , making a mock reverence , and scarcely able to suppress a chuckle at the solemn looks of his master , “ what facetious dream hath been playing its mad pranks about thy sacred pillow ? Never saw I kingly face so mirthfully beprankt . ” “ Come hither , good Puck , ” said the king , patiently , “ and when thou hast made thy breakfast of fun upon thy poor master , listen to him seriously . ” “ Dear prince ” , said the dwarf , suddenly running up to the king and casting himself weeping at his feet , “ art thou , then , really troubled ? Forgive thy poor slave ! ” and he began blubbering in the most pitiable manner , while he looked up into the face of the king with such a look of wo-begone and ludicrous despair , that Paterflor himself could scarce refrain from bursting into laughter . “ Thou hast done nothing wrong , good Puck — handsome Puck , ” said the king , chucking his favorite under the chin . “ I have need of thee . Here is my signet-ring . Bring me straight hither a young and handsome peasant , one who has never been seen by the court , nor any inhabitant of the palace . He must be intelligent , conscientious , and trustworthy . Dost thou know of such a one ? ” “ Yes , your majesty , I think I do . My friend , young Paudeen O'Rafferty , the son of the old forest-keeper , has just returned from Ireland , where he was carried by the fairies at his christening , and has been kept ever since until now , trying to get through the rent made by Mr. O'Connell in the pockets of his relatives . He 's as tight an Irish lad as your majesty ever saw ; and as for his honesty , I 'll endorse it with both hands . The O'Raffertys are constitutionally honest . ” “ Well , bring him hither at once . I shall be ready to receive him . ” Puck , with his funny face entirely restored to good humor , left the palace by a private gate , and running across a beautiful meadow , disappeared in the dark green forest . Idle lingerer as he was , he felt a strong inclination , at every hazel-copse he passed , to stop and have a chat with the rabbits he knew were hid beneath it ; and more than once he was on the point of running up to a friendly deer and kissing his cold , black nose , just for auld lang syne . But , for a wonder , he was constant to his errand , and ran straight on — not stopping even to throw stones at a squirrel by the way — till he came to the forester 's hut . He found the old forester and his wife alone . They received him kindly , for , notwithstanding his mad pranks , Puck was a favorite every where , and especially among the poor and humble , who were always safe from his mischievous propensities . The young Paudeen was out a little bit in the forest , but would return directly . “ And what brings good Master Puck from among the great lords and beautiful ladies of the coort to our poor little shieling , not bigger nor betther than the mud cabins of ould Ireland itself ? ” inquired the old woman , who had grown , with age and toil , wrinkled deaf and sour . “ I 'll explain all that as soon as Paudeen comes home , ” replied the grave and mysterious Puck ; “ but , in the meantime , how do you get on Mr. O'Rafferty , and what is the news in the forest ? ” “ We get on but poorly , ” said the old forester , “ and the news is , that the people at the other side of the forest , where the potatoes have all rotted , and the land is wore down to its bare bones , for want of rest like , are very bad . Some of the women and childhers have already starved , and the men have for the most part took to dhrinken and fighten , till things is in a mighty bad way . ” “ Yes , ” chimed in the old woman , who seemed to have caught by instinct the subject of conversation , “ and the poor stharven people say , too , that there is plenty of money squandhered upon extravagance by the king and his coort to give them all bread ; and that the forests that is kept for the deers and craythurs to be killed for the spoort of the big folks , would give every man a bit of fresh land , and that the potatoes would grow well enough then . ” “ Auch , Peggy , will ye have us hung for parjery , out and out ! ” exclaimed the terrified husband , casting a deprecating look at Puck . “ Poor craythur , she does n't know what she is saying . ” At this juncture the young Paudeen made his appearance , and put a stop to a conversation that was becoming decidedly stupid . He made his respects cordially to Puck ; and when he heard his errand , seemed amazed and delighted . After a good deal of difficulty , the old lady was made to understand what was the desire of the king . “ Hooh ! ” exclaimed the old crone , leaping from her seat and dancing about the room , “ the dhrame 's come true at last ! Och , hullybaloo ! did n't I know that the pretty Paudeen was n't born for the pig-stye ! Bedad , but he 'll ruffle the gentles ! Wont you , darlint ? ” and the old woman fell upon her son 's neck , smothering him with kisses , while the poor youth could hardly keep his legs under the vigor of her maternal caresses . PART II . In a few days after the interview of Puck and Paudeen in the hut of the forester , there was great excitement at the court of Fairyland . The fashionable milliners and dress-makers never had seen such a time — orders from the aristocracy poured in upon them by scores , and their doors were beset by fashionable carriages , and little fairy footmen caparisoned in long coats with many capes , and broad , red bands fastened with shining buckles round their hats . The great artistes who were at the head of these establishments saw themselves amassing fortunes from the sudden influx of fashionable custom . But the poor little fairy seamstresses , who sat up all night , sometimes without time to eat or sleep , from sunset to sunset , so that all these splendid dresses might be finished in time — they did not fare so well . They grew pale and sick , and sat swaying and swinging about as they worked , until one might have thought them the ghosts of fairy workers , come back for a ghostly midnight frolic in their old haunts . It was melancholy enough , truly ; but then nobody knew any thing about it . The rich ladies , when their splendid robes came home , did not stop to think that good , earnest , faithful fairy hearts had embroidered the roses that adorned the skirts from their own cheeks , and spangled them with the broken fragments of their youth 's faded dreams . If they had — Well , and if they had ? That is not at all to the purport of my story ; and so I will proceed to let the reader into the secret of all this flutter and fluster . A great prince had made his appearance at the court of Paterflor , and had created almost as great an excitement in Fairyland as a new prima donna with bright eyes and a sfogato voice among mere mortals . Nobody knew exactly who he was , but he came from a great way off , and had a name as long as a province , and , beside being incalculably wealthy , it was universally voted ( ladies vote in Fairyland ) that he was the very handsomest love of a fairy knight that ever jingled spurs , or sighed at the feet of beauty . He had come to court evidently with the “ highest recommendations ” to the king , such as would have procured him immediate access into the first “ circles , ” even in Philadelphia , where society lives behind barred doors , and goes about armed cap-a-pie against encroachment or intrusion . He had been at once received at the royal table , and a splendid suite of apartments had been assigned him in the palace itself . Such extraordinary attentions from the imperial family , of course , made the stranger a favorite and a welcome guest wherever he appeared ; and there was not a lady at court who would not have given her eyes — if it would not have spoiled her beauty — for a smile from his magnificent mouth . It was discovered , however , at a very early stage of the proceedings , that the chief object of the prince 's admiration was the lady Dewbell , who , proud as she was , could not help feeling flattered by the evident and special devotion of one for whom the whole of her sex were dying . Sir Timothy Lawn , who , from pique or melancholy , or from some unknown cause , had left the court the very day after the arrival of the new prince , was not entirely forgotten , but was laid away carefully on a back shelf of her heart ; and the lady Dewbell never had been so beautiful , so fascinating , so joyous and irresistible . Courts are as fickle as coquettes ; and before the month had passed , in a series of brilliant f ê tes and entertainments , at all of which the prince and princess were the reigning toast , it was regarded as a settled thing that there would , ere the maple leaves grew red in the dying gaze of the year , be a royal marriage in Fairyland . But while to all around the beautiful Dewbell was ever the same careless , saucy and happy creature as ever , in her heart she nursed a bitter sorrow . After many and severe struggles , she was forced at last to make to herself the humiliating acknowledgment that she deeply and truly loved Sir Timothy Lawn , that noble and chivalric spirit , whom her unworthy trifling had driven — so her frightened heart interpreted it — in disgust from her . Compelled in common courtesy to receive the devoted attentions of the stranger prince , and to hear every day and every hour repeated the earnest solicitations of her father that she should school herself to regard the stranger as her future husband , her little fairy heart was quite broken with its ceaseless struggles . Her pride and self-will were entirely vanquished , and she felt herself truly the most miserable of fairy maidens . Suicide is of course a thing strictly prohibited among immortals ; but had it been otherwise , I sadly fear that one of the lady Dewbell 's spider-web silk hose would some morning have been found without a garter , and she herself hanging like a beauteous exhalation among the elm-leaves in the morning sunshine . Oh , had Sir Timothy been there then , he would have found , instead of his imperious and tantalizing coquette , the tenderest and truest of disconsolate maidens , ready to melt into his arms between the delicious pause of a sigh and a kiss . “ Naughty , cruel Sir Timothy ! Horrid creature ! to take all my nonsense for real earnest , and to go away and leave me to be persecuted to death ! ” exclaimed the lady Dewbell , with an uncontrollable burst of tears , as she threw herself , her toilet half finished , and her hair all strewn over her face and shoulders , upon her little praying cushion . “ What will become of poor Bell ! ” “ What ails my daughter ? ” said the sweet , soft voice of the queen mother , as she knelt tenderly over her child , and pressed her head to her bosom . “ Tell your sorrows to your mother . ” “ Oh , mother , I am the most wretched fairy that ever existed . I do n't want to marry that odious , red-haired stranger ; and my father has made me promise that the wedding shall take place on Halloween — and I — I have consented . But I love Sir Timothy ; and I wont marry any body but him , ” sobbed the poor creature , convulsively , as she cast herself upon the floor , and looked up to her mother , terrified and half frantic . “ But , dearest , you know you laughed at poor Sir Timothy 's vows — and he is so sensitive . ” “ Oh , yes , I know I did , but I 'll never do so any more . If Sir Timothy will only come back and forgive me , and marry me , just this once , I will never , never offend him again as long as I live — never , never , never ! Do , mamma , do make him come back ! ” “ Poor child ! I will certainly do all I can . But you have promised to be married on Halloween . ” “ Oh , yes , but that is a good fortnight off , and you can bring Sir Timothy back before then , you know , and he can kill this horrid stranger , and then every body will be so happy ! ” and the face of the volatile creature began already to re-clothe itself in smiles . “ I fear you are mistaken , love , ” said her mother , solemnly , and shaking her head in an impressive manner , she added , “ do not deceive yourself with such fallacies , my daughter ; your princely word is passed , your father 's royal honor is pledged , and you must be married on Halloween . ” The lady Dewbell , sobbing hysterically , again looked up . She was alone ; at the same moment the cat-and-baby face of Puck glanced by the window , and a wild , mischievous laugh melted away into a song , of which the lady only caught the two last lines : “ He rideth fast , and he rideth well , But his heart still clings to the pretty Bell . ” “ Oh , bless thee , dear Puck ! ” sighed the haply wondering lady , rising and leaning from the window . “ May thy sweet prophecy come true ! ” PART III . ‘ T is Halloween midnight . Through the tall windows of the venerable church streamed in the broad moonlight , in bright silver floods , that lost themselves in the profound recesses of the distant aisles , or fell like many-colored snow-flakes upon the marble floor . Entering without sound , came up the middle aisle the royal wedding-procession . First walked the father , the royal Paterflor , looking stern and determined , yet , it must be confessed , a little roguish about the crowsfeet . Upon his arm leaned his pale and stricken daughter , the once proud , joyous and imperious Princess Dewbell . She was pale as a lily 's cup , and drooping as its stem . She never raised her head from her bosom , and her eyes , once sparkling like fountains of light , were hidden beneath their willowy lids . Next comes the “ red-haired prince , ” as the lady Dewbell had scornfully denominated him , ( his head was a little inclined to flame , dear reader , between you and me ,) respectfully conducting the ever sweet and placid Queen Woodbine ; and after them a troop of merry and gayly-dressed fairies , both ladies and gentlemen , but very demure and solemn ; while Puck , in the united capacity of Hymen and Grand Usher , was dodging about with his flaming torch , now in front , now in rear , now here , now there , and every where imparting an air of grotesqueness to the whole affair . At the altar the party stopped , and ranging themselves in the approved order for such occasions , the priest — a grave and reverend bullfrog , whose surplice was scrupulously neat and tidy — proceeded with the ceremony . When he came to the question , “ dost thou , my daughter , freely and voluntarily bestow thy hand and thy affections upon this man , Paudeen O'Rafferty , commonly called Pat ? ” The pale and shrinking lady raised her head and opened her great ox-like eyes ; the bridegroom looked sheepish and hung his head ; King Paterflor seemed suddenly troubled with a severe fit of coughing , and the priest could scarcely forbear a chuckle . “ Father , dear father , what is the meaning of this cruel joke ? ” exclaimed the poor lady Dewbell , running to her father and catching hold of his arm . But the old king 's cough was still very troublesome . She then appealed to the priest , but he seemed deaf , and only made a grum kind of noise in his throat , that sounded a good deal like “ Pat O'Rafferty . ” “ Who , then , are you , sir ? ” demanded she , at last , of the groom , turning suddenly and imperiously upon him her piercing gaze . “ So plaze yer ladyship , I am Paudeen O'Rafferty , the son of the forester — at yer ladyship 's sarvice . ” The fairy princess was about to faint , in the most approved manner , and had already selected a convenient cushion upon which to fall , when a tall and noble form crossed the moon-ray , and Sir Timothy Lawn stood before her . “ Beloved princess , ” said he , kneeling , and respectfully taking her hand , “ I hope my presence is not disagreeable to the queen of my heart , for whose love I have so long pined . Speak to me frankly , sweet lady Dewbell , tell me , can you love me ? Will you permit me to call you mine forever ? ” The lady Dewbell changed her intention respecting the cushion upon which she had intended to faint , and , somehow , found herself before she was half conscious of it , in her lover 's arms . An explanation ensued ; the prince Paudeen gave up his post of honor to Sir Timothy ; the ceremony was concluded on the spot ; and as the gay and joyous party left the church , Puck was seen sitting at the organ accompanying himself in a sort of wild yet sweet chant , of which the lady Dewbell easily distinguished — “ Oh , a merry tale will the gossips tell , Of the happy mishap of the proud lady Bell . ” A NIGHT THOUGHT . BY THOMAS BUCHANAN READ . Long have I gazed upon all lovely things , Until my soul was melted into song , Melted with love till from its thousand springs The stream of adoration , swift and strong , Swept in its ardor , drowning brain and tongue , Till what I most would say was borne away unsung . The brook is silent when it mirrors most Whate'er is grand or beautiful above ; The billow which would woo the flowery coast Dies in the first expression of its love ; And could the bard consign to living breath Feelings too deep for thought , the utterance were death ! The starless heavens at noon are a delight ; The clouds a wonder in their varying play , And beautiful when from their mountainous height The lightning 's hand illumes the wall of day :— The noisy storm bursts down — and passing brings The rainbow poised in air on unsubstantial wings . But most I love the melancholy night — When with fixed gaze I single out a star A feeling floods me with a tender light — A sense of an existence from afar , A life in other spheres of love and bliss , Communion of true souls — a loneliness in this ! There is a sadness in the midnight sky — An answering fullness in the heart and brain , Which tells the spirit 's vain attempt to fly And occupy those distant worlds again . At such an hour Death 's were a loving trust , If life could then depart in its contempt of dust . It may be that this deep and longing sense Is but the prophecy of life to come ; It may be that the soul in going hence May find in some bright star its promised home ; And that the Eden lost forever here Smiles welcome to me now from yon suspended sphere . There is a wisdom in the light of stars , A wordless lore which summons me away — This ignorance belongs to earth which bars The spirit in these darkened walls of clay , And stifles all the soul 's aspiring breath ;— True knowledge only dawns within the gales of Death . Imprisoned thus , why fear we then to meet The angel who shall ope the dungeon-door , And break these galling fetters from our feet , To lead us up from Time 's benighted shore ? Is it for love of this dark cell of dust , Which , tenantless , awakes but horror and disgust ? Long have I mused upon all lovely things ; But thou , oh Death ! art lovelier than all ; Thou sheddest from thy recompensing wings A glory which is hidden by the pall — The excess of radiance falling from thy plume Throws from the gates of Time a shadow on the tomb . THE BARD . BY S. ANNA LEWIS . Why should my anxious heart repine That Wealth and Power can ne'er be mine , And Love has flown — That Friendship changes as the breeze ? Mine is a joy unknown to these ; In Song 's bright zone , To sit by Helicon serene , And hear the waves of Hippocrene Lave Phoebus ’ throne . Here deathless lyres the strains prolong , That gush from living founts of song , Without a cross ; Here spirits never feel the weight Of Wrong , or Envy , or of Hate , Or earthly loss ; The pomp of Pelf — the pride of Birth — The gilded trappings of this earth Return to dross . Oh , ye ! who would forget the ills Of earth , and all the bosom fills With agony ! Come dwell with me in Fancy 's dream , Beside this lovely fabled stream Of minstrelsy ; And let its draughts celestial roll Into the deep wells of thy soul Eternally . God always sets along the way Of weary souls some beacon ray Of light divine ; And only when my spirit 's wings Are weary in the quest of springs Of Song , I pine ; If I could always heavenward fly , And never earthward turn mine eye , Bliss would be mine . THE WILL . BY MISS E. A. DUPUY PART I . There is peace in the Night of the Early Dead — It will yield to a glorious morrow ! Clarke . Amid all the brightness and bloom which the imagination conjures up , when we think of the sunny islands lying within the tropics , many mournful associations arise and cast a sadness over the picture . Very few have not had within the circle of their relatives , or friends , some cherished one , who has vainly sought the balmy breezes of those favored spots , with the feverish hope that amid their loveliness Death would forget to launch his arrows for them . Alas ! to die among strangers is usually the fate of those who are thus lured from their homes by a deceitful hope . There , where Nature wears a perpetual verdure — where the fervid sun brings forth a luxuriance of vegetation unknown in more northern regions , the wearied spirit sinks to repose , soothed , or saddened , by the glow of existence around . A spacious apartment on the southern side of a highly ornamented villa , opened into a magnificent garden , filled with orange-trees , oleanders , and many other gorgeous flowers peculiar to the climate of Cuba ; while in the distance the sunlight gleamed upon a row of towering palms , whose stately columns , crowned by their verdant coronal , resembled the pillars of some mighty temple , which found a fitting canopy in the blue arch of heaven , glowing with the gorgeous hues of a tropical sunset . The floor of this room was inlaid with marble of different colors , and the couch and windows were draped with snowy lace , lightly embroidered at the edges , and looped with cords of blue and silver — tables with marble tops , supporting porcelain vases filled with flowers , were placed between the windows , for these ephemeral children of sunshine were dear to the heart of the dying one . Beside one of these stood a large cushioned chair , in which reclined a young man of delicate features and wasted form . He appeared in the last stages of his fell disease , and the friends who had received him beneath their roof to die , wondered that he should have been deluded with the hope that health could ever again reanimate his bowed and shrunken form . There was an expression of care upon his sharpened features — a feverish restlessness in his manner , which betrayed the spirit 's unrest . At his feet sat a young girl , whose brilliant complexion and pale-brown hair betrayed her Saxon origin ; the finely rounded figure , the delicately formed feet and hands , and the gracefully turned head and bust , were all evidences of the grade of life to which she belonged . She held the burning hand of the invalid between her own soft , cool palms , and sung in a sweet low voice an old ballad which told of the ancient greatness of the Saxon race . At a short distance from them sat an elderly lady , clad in deep mourning , and her saddened countenance corresponded well with her weeds . The young man made an impatient movement , and said — “ Sing not to me England 's former prowess , dear Edith . What to the dying can such themes be but a bitter mockery ? Take your guitar , my sister , and throw your soul into its vibrating strings , while you sing me such a lay as I can fancy the angels of Heaven to be pouring forth around the throne of God . ” “ Shall I sing the chants of our church , dearest Edgar ? ” said Edith in a subdued voice . “ Yes — yes — they breathe peace and resignation into my restless soul . When I am dying , my sister , stifle your own feelings as you love me , and pour into my failing senses those magnificent strains . If God sees fit to tear me from you before I can legally provide for you and my beloved mother , I shall be enabled to forget the bitter truth in listening to your sweet voice . You promise me this , Edith ? ” “ I do — Heaven will sustain me even then , my darling brother , and give me power to forget my own anguish in soothing your last moments . ” Edith Euston pressed his hand to her lips , and raising from the floor a guitar which lay beside her , she poured forth a strain of melody which seemed to soothe the senses of the invalid to rest . His eyes closed , and an expression of repose rested on his worn features . Twilight deepened over the earth — a single ray of light , from the reddened sky , fell through the open window upon the figure of the young girl , and the mother , who sat silent and abstracted , thought as she glanced upon her that even in a higher world her beloved Edith could wear no lovelier outward semblance than was now hers . There was an expression of elevated feeling , of pure tenderness in her upturned face which revealed the high and noble soul within . One fitted to suffer and conquer in the dark struggle which she felt awaited her . Hers were not the only eyes which contemplated that lovely picture of sisterly devotion upon that twilight eve . Another stood without , beneath the shadow of a high hedge , and gazed upon the unconscious musician with even deeper admiration ; and his dark , expressive features lighted up with an emotion almost of reverence . The stars came forth in the translucent depths of ether ; the young moon cast her tremulous light over the garden , yet still the intruder lingered in his place of concealment . Twice he put the boughs aside , as if to approach the room and announce his presence , but again receded , as if irresolute and uncertain as to the effect his presence might produce . At length all became silent . The tones of the instrument died slowly away , and the voice of the singer ceased to pour forth its song . The windows were still unclosed , for the invalid had reached that distressing stage in his malady , when his oppressed breathing required a constant circulation of free air . A lamp burning beneath an alabaster shade was swung from the centre of the ceiling , and its mellow lustre diffused a faint moonlight radiance throughout the apartment . With suppressed breathing the two ladies watched the sleep of the sick youth , and he who had so earnestly observed every movement of Edith , ventured to approach so near the open window that the heavy and interrupted respiration of young Euston was distinctly audible to him ; while his eagle eye sought to penetrate the shadow in which his features reposed , that he might read upon them the ravages made by approaching dissolution . As he stood thus , the moonlight revealed a tall , well proportioned figure , clad in a suit of black , well fitted to his form . His prominent features and flashing black eyes were half concealed by a large straw hat , which was carelessly placed upon his head . As he gazed upon the sleeping form , his lips curled , and a strange expression of exultation came to his face ; his eye wandered triumphantly to the fair brow of Edith . “ Twice rejected , ” he muttered half audibly — “ twice rejected , and with scorn , by yon dainty girl ; now methinks my vengeance is almost within my grasp . I hold her future destiny in my power ; for this boy cannot drag out his existence another week . Yes , Edith — to labor you have not been bred — to beg you will be ashamed , and he who vainly hopes that time will be granted him to deprive me of my inheritance , will perish from my path , just as he believes himself on the verge of consummating his hatred to me . ” Edith softly arose , and making a sign to her mother , glided noiselessly from the room by a distant window , which opened to the floor . The intruder hesitated a moment , and then followed her with light and rapid steps . The flutter of her white dress guided him to the retreat she had chosen , and she had scarcely thrown herself upon a rustic seat beneath the shelter of some orange-boughs , and given vent to her painfully repressed emotion , by a burst of tears , when the dark stranger stood before her . She started up and would have fled , but he spoke , and the sound of his voice seemed to bind her to the spot as by a spell . “ Why would you fly from me , Edith ? ” he asked . “ I come in the spirit of good-will to you and yours . ” A struggle seemed to be passing in the mind of the young girl . She wiped her tears away , and after a pause answered in a tone which faltered at first , but grew firm , and even haughty as she proceeded , “ What has brought you hither , Mr. Barclay ? Yet why do I ask ? To exult in the fate of your unfortunate victim ; to watch each painful breath which brings him nearer to his grave , with the certainty that the very eagerness with which he desires a few more days of existence , that he may fulfill a sacred duty , is fast wearing away the faint thread that yet binds him to life . Oh false , unfeeling man ! depart , I pray you , if one human instinct yet remains within your callous heart , and leave my unhappy brother to die in peace . ” She turned to depart , but Barclay stepped forward and placed his hand on her arm , as if to detain her . She shrunk from his touch with an expression of loathing , which called the crimson to his cheek , but he suppressed his emotion , and said calmly — “ I knew that you would soon need a protector , Miss Euston , and I came hither with the faint hope that I might be able to overcome your cruel prejudices against me — that I might become to you a friend at least , if no dearer title were allowed me . ” “ You a friend to me ! ” exclaimed Edith impetuously . “ You , who lured my brother from his home , to wreck his existence in the life of dissipation to which you tempted him . Ever feeble from his boyhood , you knew that little was needed to destroy his frail constitution — yet , because he stood between you and the possession of wealth , his life was offered as the sacrifice to your criminal cupidity . And now you come hither to watch the last fluttering throes of existence , fearful that Death may delay his arrows until he shall have passed that hour which entitles him to dispose of his property — and disappoint your hopes , by bequeathing his wealth to those who are dearest to him . ” “ You are excited , Edith . You judge me too severely . Edgar 's own headlong passions destroyed him . I merely urged him to do as others of his years and station , without foreseeing such fatal results . My love for you would have prompted me to save your brother . ” “ Speak not to me of love — dare not approach the sister of your victim with proffers of affection . The death of Edgar may leave me penniless — nearly friendless — I have been tenderly nurtured , but I would sooner embrace a life of sternest self-denial , of utter poverty , than link myself with infamy in your person . Leave me — and dare not approach the room of my brother , to imbitter his last hours by your presence . ” “ And your mother , my fair heroine ? ” said Barclay , in a tone of sarcasm bordering on contempt . “ What will become of her if you persist in the rejection of the only person in the wide world on whom you have any claim ? She is old , feeble , broken in health and spirit . Ah ! will not your proud heart faint when you behold her sharing this life of poverty and self-denial , which seems to you so much more attractive than the home and protection I offer you ? ” Edith stifled the tears that sprung anew to her eyes , and after a brief struggle said with composure — “ My mother is too honorable — she has too bitter a disdain of meanness ever to wish her child to sacrifice the truth and integrity of her soul , by accepting the hand of one for whom she has no respect . ” “ By Heaven ! ” said Barclay passionately , “ you force me to throw away the scabbard and declare war to the knife . Be it so , then . Yonder weak boy cannot survive five of the ten days yet required to complete his majority . Then comes to me — yes to me — all his wealth ; and only as my wife shall one ray of my prosperity shine upon you . The gray hairs of your only parent may be brought to the grave by want and sorrow , and unless you relent toward me my heart shall be steeled to her sufferings . ” At this picture , which was only too likely to be realized , the courage of the unhappy Edith forsook her , and she exclaimed in faltering tones — “ My dear , dear mother ! for her sake any other sacrifice might be borne — but not this — not this . My brother yet lives , and Heaven may in pity prolong his existence beyond the hour he so anxiously prays to see . Then we escape your power . ” Barclay laughed mockingly . “ This is the fifteenth , and he is not of age until the twenty-fifth , exactly at the second hour of the morning . One moment only before that time should Death claim his victim the estate is mine , and you dependent on my bounty . Think you that the frail and wasted ghost of a man who struggles for breath in yonder room can live through another week ? Hope — yes , hope for the best , for despair will come soon enough . I feel as secure of my inheritance as though it were already mine . ” Edith proudly motioned him from her path , and fled toward the house , with his mocking words still ringing in her ears . Her brother yet slept , and as she gazed upon his sunken features it seemed to her as if death were already stamped upon them , and she bent her head above his still face , to convince herself that he yet breathed . Barclay and Euston were distantly related , and had both been educated by an eccentric kinsman , with the belief among their connections that he designed dividing his ample fortune between them . To the surprise and chagrin of Barclay , he found on the death of Colonel Euston that the whole of his estate was bequeathed to his young cousin , encumbered with an annuity to himself , which appeared to one of his expensive tastes , and lavish prodigality , as absolute poverty . Edgar Euston was then but seventeen years of age , and of a delicate bodily organization , which did not promise length of days . A clause in Colonel Euston 's will offered a temptation to Barclay , which he had not sufficient principle to resist . If Euston died before attaining his majority the estate was to pass into the hands of his kinsman , and no mention was made of the mother or sister of the young heir . Barclay reflected that if he could remove Euston from his path , before he attained his twenty-first year , the coveted wealth would yet be his . From that hour he made every effort to win the confidence and affection of young Euston . He was his senior by nearly ten years , and possessed a knowledge of the world , and a fascination of manner which was extremely attractive to a youth who had passed the greater portion of his life , at a country residence , in the society of his mother and sister . Euston entered one of our Northern colleges , and under the auspices of his kinsman he soon achieved a reputation which was far more applauded by the wild students than agreeable to the professors . He blindly followed wherever Barclay led , and before he entered his twenty-first year he returned to his early home , with a constitution completely broken by the reckless life he had led , and the symptoms of early decay in his flushed cheek and hollow cough . Vain had been the entreaties and remonstrances of his mother and sister ; under the influence of his tempter , they were utterly disregarded — until the hand of disease was laid upon him , and he felt that the only atonement he could offer for all the suffering he had inflicted upon them would probably be denied to him . He earnestly desired to live , that he might reach that age which would entitle him to make a legal transfer of his property to those who were deservedly dear to him , for in the event of his death without a will , his mother and sister would be left entirely dependent on the tender mercies of his successor . An unfortunate lawsuit had deprived his mother of the property which had become hers on the death of his father , and his own reckless extravagance had dissipated more than the annual revenue of his own property since it came into his possession . Too late he discovered the baseness of Barclay 's motives , and renounced all intercourse with him — but he would not thus be cast off . He had seen and loved the noble-hearted Edith , and he forced his hypocritical offers of service upon the afflicted family , until Edith distinctly assured him that he need never hope for a return to his passion . Euston had long since abandoned all hope of recovery , but he sought the mild climate of Cuba , trusting that the fatal day might be deferred until he had secured independence to his family , but his physician feared that the very eagerness of his wishes would eventually defeat them . It was mournful , and deeply touching , to witness that clinging to existence in one so young , not from love of life itself , but from a desire to perform an act of justice . That completed , his mission on earth was ended , and Death might claim him without a murmur . The hours dragged heavily on toward the desired day , and each one as it passed appeared to hurry the poor invalid with rapid strides toward the grave , that seemed eager to claim its prey . Barclay had not again ventured to intrude on Edith , but he nightly hovered around the room of the dying youth , and gloated on the wasted and death-like form which held his earthly fortunes in his hands . A skillful physician had accompanied Euston from his native land , and his unremitting attention , aided by the tender nursing of his affectionate sister , seemed as if they would eventually reap their reward in the preservation of life beyond the hour of his majority . In pain and weariness time slowly waned , but it still left him life and an unclouded mind ; and the bold , bad heart , that nightly watched him , feared that the wealth he so ardently coveted , might yet elude his grasp . The evening of the twenty-fifth at last arrived . Euston reclined in his chair as we first beheld him , wrapped in a brocade dressing-gown , whose brilliant colors made his extreme pallor the more remarkable ; a table was drawn close beside him , and on it , at his own desire , was placed his repeater , from which his eyes scarcely wandered . His breath came slowly and gaspingly , and at brief intervals his physician moistened his parched lips with a restorative cordial , and murmured words of encouragement in his ear . As before , Edith sat at his feet , with her guitar , ready to stifle her deep emotion , and fulfill her promise to sing to him while his parting soul was struggling for release from its earthly tenement . His mother leaned over his chair , and bathed his cold brow with her burning tears ; in the back-ground sat a clergyman , gazing on the scene with absorbing interest . Each one in that hushed room felt the approach of the stern tyrant , and all prayed fervently that his dart might be stayed yet a few hours . “ My sister , sing to me . Soothe me into quietness by the loved tones of your voice . It is my only hope for life beyond the desired hour , ” murmured the dying youth . With tremulous fingers Edith touched the chords , and poured forth the solemn strains to which he loved to listen , and he sunk back and closed his eyes . At first her voice faltered , but she gradually regained her self-command , and never had those clear , rich tones uttered a sweeter strain , than that which floated around the fluttering spirit , which struggled to release itself from the attenuated form of the early doomed . Barclay stood without , watching the scene with breathless interest , and a terrible struggle was passing in his dark and stormy soul . Euston might live beyond the hour of two , and he would then be a beggar . His eye wandered toward Edith , so nobly devoted , so purely beautiful ; and the tempter whispered , “ She might save you — ennoble you ; the love , the sweet influence of such a woman are all powerful . Once yours , you could surround her with such an atmosphere of care and tenderness , that her heart must be won to love you — to forget the past . Without her , you are doomed — doomed . What matters a few more moments of existence to one like him , when the eternal welfare of a human being hangs trembling in the balance ? Deprived of the means of living , Edith will have no choice — she must marry you , or debase her pride of soul before the iron sway of poverty . Her mother is old — infirm ; and for her sake , the daughter will listen to your proffers of love . Take your destiny into your own hands . Cowardly soul ! why falter now ? It is but completing your own work . He is your victim — you know it , and feel it in every pulse of your throbbing heart . Years of usefulness might have been his , but for you ; then complete the sacrifice without hesitation . What avails it to have accomplished so much , if the reward escapes you at the last moment ? ” Such were the wild thoughts that oppressed his soul during those terrible hours . He saw that the parchment which disinherited him was placed beside Euston , and the pen stood in the inkstand , ready to do its service , so soon as the hand of the watch pointed to the hour of two ; and he ground his teeth in impotent rage , as the moments flitted by , and Euston yet continued to breathe . Terrible is the watch of love beside the flitting soul which parts in peace ; but how much more awful was that vigil , in which the anguish of bereavement was doubly embittered by the fear of future want to those who had been reared amid all the refinements of luxury . The mother looked upon her remaining child , and felt that she was not formed to struggle with poverty and neglect , and the daughter bent her earful eyes on that venerable form , and in the depths of her soul , prayed that her old age might be spared the grinding cares of want . The watch struck the half hour — then the quarter — and a feeble motion of Euston stopped the hand of Edith as she swept it over the strings of her instrument . She arose and stood beside him ; a breathless silence reigned throughout the apartment , only broken by the monotonous ticking of the watch , which struck upon the excited nerves of those around with a sound as distinct as the reverberations of thunder . Not a word was uttered until the hand pointed to the hour , then , as if endued with sudden energy , the dying man stretched forth his hand , and grasping the pen , said in a firm , distinct voice , “ Now let me sign my name , and yield up my spirit to the angel that has been beckoning me away for hours . My mother — my sister , God has vouchsafed to me a mercy I did not deserve . Thank Heaven ! your interests are safe . You are free from his power . ” At that instant a strange cry was heard ; a bird flew into the room , and , dazzled by the light , flapped his wings against the shade of the lamp , overturned it , and left the apartment in utter darkness . In the confusion of the moment , a figure glided through the open window , and stood beside the chair of Euston . He noiselessly placed his firm grasp upon his laboring breast , and held it there a single instant . A faint rattling sound was heard , and Edith wildly called for lights . Noiselessly as he had entered glided that dark form from the side of his victim , and buried itself in the shadows of the trees without . Many lights flashed into the room — they glared coldly on the face of the dead , and the mother sunk senseless in the arms of her daughter . PART II . Several months have passed away , and Mrs. Euston and her daughter have returned to their native land . A single room in an obscure boarding-house in the heart of a southern city was occupied by both . The expenses of their voyage to New Orleans , and a few months sojourn in their present abode , humble as it was , had nearly exhausted their slender resources . Edith had made many efforts to procure a few scholars to instruct in music and drawing , but the departure of the greater portion of the wealthy , during the unhealthy season , had deprived her of those she had been able to obtain . She thought of going out as a daily governess , but the feeble health and deep dejection of her mother , offered an insuperable objection to such an arrangement . When she left her alone even for an hour , she usually found her in such a state of nervous excitement on her return , as was painful to behold . Edith is seated near the only window of their sordid apartment in the afternoon of a sultry summer day ; the sun is shining without with overpowering splendor ; a heated vapor rises from the paved streets and seems to shimmer in the breathless atmosphere . Edith had lost all the freshness and roundness of youth ; her cheek was deadly white , and her emaciated form seemed to indicate the approach of the terrible disease of which her brother had died . She was sewing industriously , and her air of weariness and lassitude betrayed the strong mastery of the spirit over the body , in the continuance of her employment . Mrs. Euston was lying on the bed ; and twenty years seemed to have passed over her since the night of her son 's death . The oppressive heat had induced her to remove her cap , and her long hair , white as the snows of winter , lay around her wasted and furrowed features . From infancy the respect and observance due to one of high station had been bestowed upon her , and the reverse in their fortunes was more than she could bear . At first , her high-toned feelings had shrunk from obligations to the new heir , and she approved of Edith 's rejection ; but as time passed , amid privations to which she had never been accustomed , her very soul revolted against their miserable mode of living . To a woman of refined feelings and vivid imagination , the coarse and sordid realities around her were sufficiently heart-sickening , without having the terrible fear forced upon her that her only child was hurrying to the grave through her exertions to keep them literally from starvation . Her daughter now thought she slept , but her mind was far too busily occupied to permit the sweet influences of slumber to soothe her into a momentary forgetfulness of her bitter grief . Suddenly she unclosed her eyes , and spoke . “ Edith , my child , lay aside that work — such constant employment is destroying you . Is it not time that we heard from Robert Barclay ? Surely he will not be relentless , when he hears that your health is failing . After all , Edith , you need not be so averse to receiving assistance from him ; the property he holds is rightfully ours . ” “ Mother , ” replied Edith , a faint flush mounting to her cheek , “ for your sake I have submitted to humiliate myself before our ruthless kinsman , but I fear it will be in vain . Only as his wife will my claims on his humanity and justice be acknowledged . Would you not shrink , dearest mother , from condemning your child to such a doom ? Could you not better bear to stand above my grave , and know me at peace within it , than to behold me wedded to this unprincipled man , to whose pernicious example my brother owed his early doom ? ” “ Speak not of dying , my daughter , ” said the poor mother , hysterically , “ I cannot bear it ; I am haunted by the fear that I shall at last be left on earth alone . I daily behold you fading before my eyes without the power to avert the fate I see written upon your pale cheek and wasted form . As Robert 's wife you would have a luxurious home , the means of gratifying refined tastes , and of contributing to the happiness of others . He may atone to me , by the preservation of one child , for the destruction of the other . ” “ Mother , your fears for me blind you to the truth . Are not mental griefs far more difficult to bear than the privations of poverty , galling as they are ? As Mr. Barclay 's wife , I should loathe myself for the hypocrisy I should be compelled to practice toward him ; and the wealth for which I had sold myself , would allow me leisure to brood over my own unworthiness , until madness might be the result . No , no , mother — come what may , I never can be so untrue to myself as to become the wife of Robert Barclay . ” “ God help us , then ! ” said Mrs. Euston , despondingly . A carriage drove to the door , and a gentleman alighted from it . Edith heard the bustle , but she did not look out to see what occasioned it , and she was startled from her painful reverie by a knock on the door . She opened it , and started back with a faint cry as she recognized Barclay . “ The landlady told me to come up , ” he said , as he glanced around the wretched apartment , and a slight twinge of remorse touched his heart as he remarked the changed appearance of Edith . She motioned him to enter , while Mrs. Euston arose from the bed , and offered him a seat . “ I concluded it would be best to reply to your communication in person , ” said he to Mrs. Euston , as he took the offered chair . “ I come with the most liberal intentions , provided Miss Euston will listen to reason . I am grieved to see you in a place so unsuited to your former station as this wretched apartment . ” “ And yet , ” said Edith , “ I have passed some pleasant hours in this room , comfortless as it looks . So long as I had the hope of being able to provide for our wants by my own exertions , I found contentment in its humble shelter . ” “ Your happiness must then be truly independent of outward circumstances , ” replied Barclay , with a touch of his old sarcasm . “ I supposed , from the tenor of your mother 's petition , that you had begun to repent of your high-toned language to me in our last interview , and would now accede to terms you once spurned , as the price of my assistance to you and yours . ” Edith curbed her high spirit , and calmly replied , “ You misunderstood my mother 's words . As the mother of the late heir , she justly considers herself entitled to a pittance from your estate , and she claimed from your humanity , what she was hopeless of obtaining from your sense of justice . For myself , I hoped for nothing from either , but I acquiesced in her application . I am sorry that you have founded on it expectations which must prove fallacious . ” “ Then , madam , I need remain no longer , ” said Barclay , addressing Mrs. Euston . “ Your daughter remembers our interview previous to , and after , the death of her brother ; the only terms on which I would assist you were then explicitly expressed . ” Mrs. Euston caught his hand , and bowed her venerable head upon it . “ Have mercy , Robert , upon my gray hairs — my daughter ; look at her — she is dying by inches — she is stifling in this wretched spot . The money that was my son 's should surely buy a shelter for us . Leave us not helpless , hopeless . My God ! my God ! give me eloquence to plead for my child ! ” and she threw herself upon the floor , and raised her clasped hands to heaven . “ Madam , ” said Barclay , “ it only rests with your daughter to have mercy upon you and herself . Where , I ask you , is her filial piety , when she beholds you suffer thus , and relents not toward one who offers her a love that has survived coldness , contempt , contumely . ” Edith approached her mother , and assisted her to rise . “ My dearest mother , calm yourself . Humble not yourself thus before our oppressor . God is just — is merciful . He will not forget the widow and the orphan in their extremity . Leave us , Mr. Barclay ; had my wishes alone been consulted , you never would have been called on thus to witness our misfortunes . ” Barclay bowed , and haughtily strode from the room . “ Another month of privation , ” he muttered , “ and she will surely be mine or Death 's . It does not much matter to which she belongs . Ah , if she only knew all ! ” and he sprung into his cabriolet , and dashed off toward the more aristocratic portion of the city . In the hope that Edith would be forced to relent , Barclay had remained in New Orleans thus late in the season , and he resolved to linger yet a little longer , until want and suffering should leave her no choice . His passion for her was one of those insanities to which men of his violent character are often liable . He desired her as the one great gift , which was to purify , to exalt him in the scale of humanity . The delicate beauty of her person , the sensibility of her soul , the grace of her manner , rendered her irresistibly attractive to him ; but so selfish was his love , that he would sooner have seen her perish at his feet , than have rendered her assistance , except at the price proposed . Another month passed by , and still there was no news of Edith or her mother . He grasped the daily paper , almost with a sensation of fear , and glanced at the column of deaths , which at that season usually contains a goodly array . Their names were not yet among them , or perchance in their poverty and obscurity they would not find admittance even among the daily list of mortality . The yellow fever had commenced its annual ravages , and Barclay retreated to a country-house in the vicinity , owned by a friend , and dispatched a confidential servant to inquire concerning Mrs. Euston and her daughter . They were still in the same place , but the mother had been ill , and was still confined to her bed . One morning , about two weeks afterward , Barclay was seated in a delightful little saloon , over a late breakfast . The room was furnished with every appliance of modern luxury , and the morning air stirred the branches of noble trees without , whose verdant shade completely shut out the glare of the sun . A servant entered , and presented to him a letter which had just been left . The irregular hand with which it was directed , prevented him from recognizing the writing of Edith , and when he opened the missive , which had evidently been blotted with her bitter tears , a flush of triumph mounted to his cheek , and he exclaimed with an oath , “ Mine at last !— I knew it must end thus ! ” The letter contained the following words : “ After a night of such suffering as casts all I have previously endured into the shade , I address you . My mother now lies before me in that heavy and death-like sleep which follows utter exhaustion . Her state of health for the last month has demanded my constant care , and the precarious remuneration I have been able to obtain for sewing , I have thus been compelled to give up . We have parted with every souvenir of our better days — even our clothing has been sacrificed , until we have but a change of garments left ; and now our landlady insists on being paid the small sum we owe her , or we must leave her house to-day . She came into our room last evening , and the scene which ensued threw my mother into such a state of nervous excitement , that she has not yet recovered from it . “ I cannot disguise from myself that she is very ill . If she awakes to a renewal of the same anguish , I dare not contemplate the consequences . You know that I do not love you , Mr. Barclay . I make no pretension to a change in my feelings ; repugnant as it must be to a heart of sensibility , I must view this transaction as a matter of bargain and sale . I will accept your late offer , to save my mother from further suffering , and to gain a home for her declining years . “ For myself , I will endeavor to be to you — but why should I promise any thing for myself . God alone can give me strength to live after the sacrifice is completed . “ EDITH . ” There was much in this letter that was wounding to his vanity , and bitter to his feelings ; but he had triumphed ! The stately pride of this girl was humbled before him — her spirit bowed in the dust before the gaunt spectre she had thought herself capable of braving . She would be his — the fair , the pure in heart , would link herself to vice , infamy and crime , for money . Money ! the world 's god ! See the countless millions groveling upon the earth before the great idol — the golden calf , which so often brings with it as bitter a curse as was denounced against the people of old , when they forsook the living and true God for its worship . Can it not buy every thing — even woman 's love , or the semblance of it , which would serve him just as well ? He , the murderer of the brother , would purchase the compliance of the sister with this magical agent ; but — and his heart quailed at the thought — could it buy self-respect ? Could it enable him to look into the clear eye of that woman he would call his wife , and say , “ My soul is worthy to be linked with thine in the realms of eternity . ” No — he felt that the sacrilegious union must be unblessed on earth , and severed in heaven , yet he shrunk not from his purpose . He lost no time in seeking Edith ; Mrs. Euston was yet buried in the leaden slumber produced by a powerful narcotic . The unhappy girl received him alone , and he remarked that his words of impassioned love brought no color to her marble cheek — no emotion to her soul ; she seemed to have steeled herself for the interview , and it was not until he pressed the kiss of betrothal upon her pallid lips , that she betrayed any sensibility — then a thrill , a shudder pervaded her whole frame , and he supported her nearly insensible form several moments before she regained power to sustain herself . Could he have looked into that breaking heart , and have read there all the bitter loathing , the agonized struggles for self-control , would he have persisted in his suit ? Yes — for this was a part of his vengeance for the slights she had put upon him ; and in the future , if she did not play the part he thus forced upon her , with all the devotion he should exact , had he not bitter words at his command to taunt her with the scene of that morning ? A physician was called in , who advised the removal of Mrs. Euston while she slept ; and arrangements were soon made to accomplish it . The family to whom Barclay 's present retreat belonged , were spending the summer at the north , and their house had been left at his disposal . He determined to remove Mrs. Euston and her daughter thither , while he took up his own abode , until the day of his marriage , with a bachelor friend in the neighborhood . Edith demanded an interval of a week before their union took place , which he reluctantly granted . Naturally prodigal , he employed the time in ordering the most elegant trousseau for his bride . She who so lately was struggling with bitter want , was now surrounded by servants eager to anticipate every wish , while Barclay played the devoted lover . Edith prayed earnestly for power to regard him with such feelings as alone could hallow the union they were about to form . Vain were her lonely struggles — her tearful supplications ; a spectral form seemed to rise ever between them , and reproach her that she had been so untrue to herself , even for the preservation of a mother . The only thing that consoled her for her great sacrifice , was that her beloved mother seemed to revive to some sense of enjoyment , when she again found herself surrounded by that comfort to which she had been accustomed . Weakened in mind as in body , Mrs. Euston fondly flattered herself that her daughter might yet be happy amid the splendors of wealth ; and the poor mother welcomed the arbiter of their future fate with smiles and courteous words , to which he listened with politeness , and scorned as the hollow offspring of necessity . The dreaded day at length arrived , and with the calmness of exhausted emotion , Edith prepared herself for the ceremony which was to consign her to the protection of Barclay . She believed her earthly fate sealed , and resignation was all she could command . Amid all her suffering , there was one thought which arose perpetually before her ; there was one human being on earth who would have risked his life to serve or save her , and she knew that a heart worthy of her love would hear the history of her enforced marriage with bitter disappointment and anguish . Near the home of her infancy dwelt a family of sons and daughters with whom she had been reared in habits of intimacy . Between herself and the eldest son a strong attachment had grown up ; it had never been expressed in words , yet each felt as well assured of the affection of the other , as if a thousand protestations had been uttered . About the time that Mrs. Euston and her daughter left their own home to travel with their beloved invalid , Walter Atwood bade adieu to his paternal home , on a tour to Europe , where he was to complete his professional education as a medical man . Mrs. Euston 's place passed into the hands of strangers , and after a few months all intercourse by letter ceased between their former friends and themselves . After the death of her son , the bereaved mother would not consent to return to their former neighborhood , and thus all trace of them was lost to the Atwoods ; but Edith knew in her deep heart that Walter would return — would seek her ; and it was this conviction which gave her firmness to resist so long the overtures of Barclay . Now all was at an end ; another hour and the right even to think of him would no longer be hers . Her mother entered her room , folded her to her breast , and whispered , “ The hour has arrived , my child . Robert is here with the clergyman . Do not keep them waiting . ” “ I am quite ready , mother , ” said Edith , calmly , and she advanced without hesitation toward the door , for she heard an impatient step without , which she well knew . Barclay awaited her in the hall — he impetuously seized her hand and drew it beneath his arm . At that moment the door-bell was violently pulled , and both turned impulsively to see who made so imperious a demand for admittance . At the open door stood two figures , one of a young man , who appeared deeply agitated , for his features , beneath the light of the lamps , seemed white and rigid , as if cut from marble . Over his shoulder appeared a swarthy face , with a pair of bright , keen eyes , gleaming from beneath overhanging brows . Edith and Barclay both uttered an exclamation — but they were very different in their character . In the impulse of the moment , the former drew her hand forcibly from him who sought to retain it , and with one bound , was in the arms of the foremost stranger , as she exclaimed , “ Walter — my saviour — my preserver ! you have come at last ! ” The face of Atwood lost its unnatural rigidity as he pressed her to his heart , and said , “ Thank Heaven ! I am not then too late ! ” Barclay advanced threateningly , “ What does this mean , sir ? Are you aware that such conduct in my house is not to be tolerated — that you shall answer for it to me with your life ? ” “ It means , Mr. Barclay , that I come with authority to prevent the unholy alliance you were about to force upon this helpless and unprotected girl , to place the seal upon your crimes , by clasping in wedlock the hand of the sister with that which is red with the brother 's blood . ” “ ‘ T is false — the boy killed himself , as Edith herself knows full well . Am I to be held accountable for the dissipation of a young fool , who , when once the curb was removed , went headlong to destruction without the necessity of any prompting from me . ” “ We will waive that part of the question , if you please , Mr. Barclay . I have brought with me one who can prove much more than that . Come forward , Antoine . ” The Frenchman advanced , and Barclay grew pale as he recognized him . “ Let us retire to a private room , ” continued Atwood , in a lower tone — “ I would not have Mrs. Euston and her daughter hear too suddenly the developments I am prepared to make . ” Then turning to Edith he said — “ You are saved , my dear Edith . Retire with your mother , while I settle with Mr. Barclay . ” Mechanically Barclay led the way into an adjoining room . When there , he turned haughtily and said — “ Now , sir , explain yourself — tell me why my privacy is thus invaded , and — ” Atwood interrupted him . “ It is useless to attempt bravado with me , sir . Your whole career is too intimately known to me to render it of any avail . You know that from my boyhood I have loved Miss Euston , for you may remember a conversation which took place between us several years since , when you were received as a visiter at her mother 's house . Jealousy enabled you to penetrate what had been carefully veiled from others , and you taxed me with what I would not deny . Do you remember the words you used to the boy you then spoke to ? That you would move heaven and earth to win Edith Euston . ” “ To what does all this tend ? ” asked Barclay , in an irritated tone . “ Patience , and you will see . I returned from Europe and found that Mrs. Euston 's family had left for Havanna . Her lawsuit had gone against her , and she had lost her home . Nothing more was known of her . I lost no time in following her . I reached Cuba , and after many inquiries , traced her to the house of the family which had received her beneath their roof . There I heard the history of her son 's unhappy death , at the moment he was about to confer independence upon his mother and sister . You were mentioned as a visiter after his death ; your generous offer to share with Miss Euston as your wife the wealth which should have been hers was dwelt on . All this aroused a vague suspicion in my mind . I made minute inquiries , and traced you through all the orgies of your dissipation . One night I was following up the inquiry , and I entered a tavern much frequented by foreigners . A man sat apart in gloomy silence . One of his comrades said — “ ‘ Antoine grieves over the loss of his bird . All the money the American paid him does not make him forget that he sold his best friend ! ’ “ By an electric chain of thought , the incident which attended poor Euston 's last moments , occurred to me . I approached the man , and addressed him in French , for I saw that he was a native of that country . I spoke of his bird . He shook his head and said — “ ‘ It is not the loss of the bird , monsieur , but the use that was made of him , that troubles my conscience . ’ “ In short , to condense a long story , I learned from Antoine , that he remained in your lodgings several days , until the mackaw he sold to you became sufficiently accustomed to you to be caressed without biting . During that time you had a room darkened , and required him to train the bird to fly at a light and overturn it . When he was dismissed , his curiosity was excited , and he watched your movements . He nightly dogged your steps , and traced you to the garden of the villa . He stood within a few feet of you on the night of Euston 's death , and beheld the use to which you put his bird . His eyes , accustomed to the gloom without , beheld your dark form glide to the side of your victim . He saw your murderous hand pressed upon the breast of the dying youth . ” “ ‘ T is false — false . I defy him to prove it . ” “ It is true , sir — the evidence is such as would condemn you in any court ; and now listen to me . I offer you lenient terms , in consideration of the ties of relationship which bind you to those you have so cruelly oppressed . One third of the fortune for which you have paid so fearful a price shall be yours , if you will sign a paper I have with me , which will restore the remainder to Mrs. Euston . If you refuse , I have in my pocket a writ of arrest , and the officers are in the shrubbery awaiting my orders to execute it . Comply with my terms and I suffer you to escape . ” Thus confronted by imminent danger , Barclay seemed to lose his courage and presence of mind . He measured the floor with rapid steps a few moments , and then turning to Atwood motioned for the paper , to which he affixed his signature without uttering a word . “ There is yet another condition , ” said Atwood . “ Leave this country within forty-eight hours . If , after that time , I am made aware of your presence within the jurisdiction of the United States , I will have you arrested as a murderer . The peace of mind of those I have rescued from your power shall not be periled by your presence within the same land they inhabit . ” Barclay ground his teeth with rage . “ I shall leave it , be assured , but not to escape from this absurd charge . ” “ Go then . I care not from what motive . ” Another instant , and Barclay had passed from the room . Edith and her mother traveled to their former home in the beautiful land of Florida , under the protection of Atwood , and there , amid rejoicing friends , surrounded by all the happy associations of her bright youth , she gave her hand to her faithful lover . Barclay perished in a street brawl , in a foreign land , and the whole of her brother 's estate finally devolved upon her . A VOICE FOR POLAND . BY WM . H. C. HOSMER . Up , for encounter stern While unsheathed weapons gleam ; The beacon-fires of Freedom burn , Her banners wildly stream ; Awake ! and drink at purple springs — Lo ! the “ White Eagle ” flaps his wings With a rejoicing scream , That sends an old , heroic thrill Through hearts that are unconquered still . Leap to your saddles , leap ! Tried wielders of the lance , And charge as when ye broke the sleep Of Europe , at the call of France : The knightly deeds of other years Eclipse , ye matchless cavaliers ! While plume and penon dance — That prince , upon his phantom steed , In Ellster lost your ranks shall lead . Flock round the altar , flock ! And swear ye will be free ; Then rush to brave the battle shock Like surges of a maddened sea ; Death , with a red and shattered brand Yet clinging to the rigid hand , A blissful fate would be , Contrasted with that darker doom A branded brow — a living tomb . Speed to the combat , speed ! And beat oppression down , Or win , by martrydom , the meed Of high and shadowless renown ; Ye weary exiles , from afar Came back ! and make the savage Czar In terror clutch his crown ; While wronged and vengeful millions pour Defiance at his palace-door . Throng forth with souls to dare , From huts and ruined halls ! On the deep midnight of despair A beam of ancient glory falls : The knout , the chain and dungeon cave To frenzy have aroused the brave ; Dismembered Poland calls , And through a land opprest , betrayed , Stalks Kosciusko 's frowning shade . TO HER WHO CAN UNDERSTAND IT . BY MAYNE REID . They tell me , lady , that thy heart is changed — That on thy lip there is another name ; I 'll not believe it — though for life estranged — I know thy love 's lone worship is the same . The bee that wanders on the summer breath , May wanton safely among leaves and flowers , But by the honied jar it clings till death — There is no change for hearts that loved like ours . You may not mock me — ‘ tis an idle game — The lip may lie , the eye with bright beguiling May , from the world , conceal a suffering flame , But ‘ tis the eye and not the heart is smiling ; And I , too , have that power of deceiving , By the strong pride of an unfeeling will , The cold and cunning world in its believing — What boots it all ? The heart will suffer still . Comes there not o'er thy spirit , when ‘ tis dreaming In the lone hours of the voiceless night , When the sweet past like a new present seeming , Brings back those rosy hours of love and light ? Comes there not o'er thy dreaming spirit then Delicious joy — although ‘ tis but a vision — That we have met , caressed and kissed again , And revel still among those sweets Elysian ? Comes there not o'er thy spirit when it wakes , And finds , with sleep , the vision too hath parted A lone depression , till thy proud heart aches , And from thy burning orb the tear hath started ? And with sad memories through thy bosom thronging , Within thy heart 's most secret deep recesses Feel'st thou not then an agony of longing To dream again of those divine caresses ? To dream them o'er and o'er , or deem them real , While penitence is speaking in thy sighs — For this , unlike thy dream , is not ideal — It brings the pallid cheek , the moistened eyes : Then , lady , mock not love so deeply hearted , With that light seeming which deceit can give — The love I promised thee , when last we parted , Shall never be another 's while you live . Engraved by W. E. Tu A PIC NIC ON OLDEN TIME . Engraved Expressly for Graham 's magazine A PIC-NIC IN OLDEN TIME . BY QUEVEDO . [ SEE ENGRAVING .] Joy is as old as the universe , yet as young as a June rose : and a pic-nic has of all places been its delight , since the little quiet family f ê tes champ ê tres of Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden . So it is of no especial consequence in what reign of what kingdom our clever artist has laid his scene — and sooth to say , from the diversified and pleasantly incongruous costume and accessories of the picture , it might puzzle an uninitiated to tell . But we , who are in the secrets of Maga , and to whom the very brain-workings of her poets and painters are as palpable as the crystal curdling of the lake beneath the filmy breath of the Frost King , of course know all about it , and will whisper in your ear the key to the pretty harmonies of wood and sky and happy faces which he has spread out in a sort of visible cavatina , or dear little love-song , beneath your eye . It was a gay time at Sweetbriar Lodge — for the fair Alice Hawthorn had just been married to the Squire of Deerdale , and the happy pair ( new-married people were even in those times happy , although they were not so set down in the newspapers ,) had determined to spend the honeymoon quietly at home , like sensible people , instead of posting off to Bath or Brighton ; or mewing themselves up in some outlandish corner of the country , where they could see and hear nothing but themselves , until they were ready to commence the married life by being cloyed with each other 's society . The season was mid-summer , and the weather so balmy and beautiful that after wandering about in the woods and fields all day , and watching the moon creep stealthily up the sky to view herself in the fountain , one felt a longing to make his bed on the fresh turf under the katydid 's bower , and sleep there . Of course I do n't mean the young and happy bridegroom . He never dreamed of being absent from his Alice ; and he even felt quite jealous of her little sister Emma , who used sometimes to come and put her laughing , roguish face and curly head between the lovers , as they were sitting on the sofa or reclining on the green turf by the little fountain . But Alice had another sister , older than herself , and who had already refused several excellent offers of marriage — declaring that she intended to live and die single , unless she should fall in love with some wandering minstrel or prince in disguise , like Lalla Rookh . Her name was Hortensia ; but on account of her proud indifference to the attentions and compliments which were every where offered to her wonderful beauty , she was usually called Haughty Hawthorn — a name which seemed to please her better than all the flatteries of which she was the object . She was already twenty-two , and ripening into the full magnificence of glorious womanhood — her heart yet untouched by the electric dart of love , and her fancy free as the birds of air . Now it was quite natural that the gentle Alice , whom love had made so happy , should willingly enter into a conspiracy with her husband and a parcel of the young people of the neighborhood against the peace and comfort of her haughty sister — deeming of course — as I myself am also of opinion — that a young lady out of love ought to be supremely miserable , whatever she herself may think about it . Keeping in view the peculiar requisites required by Haughty in a lover , the plan was to get up an old-fashioned pic-nic , at which a young friend of Squire Deerdale , who was studying for an artist , and had just returned from Italy , where he had picked up a little music as well as painting , should be introduced after a mysterious fashion , which would be sure to inflame the imagination of the loveless lady . The artist , according to the squire , was handsome as a prince and eloquent as a minstrel , and his extensive practice in Rome had made him perfect master of the fine arts , the art of making love included . So the pic-nic was proposed that very evening , to take place the next day . Hortensia , who was fond of frolick and fun as the best of them , albeit not yet in love , fell at once into the snare ; and the squire carelessly led the conversation to turn upon the sudden and unexpected arrival of the young Duke of St. James upon his magnificent estate adjoining Sweetbriar Lodge , which he said had taken place that very day . “ The duke , ” said the squire , “ is , as you all have heard , one of the most romantic and sentimental youths in the world , and quite out of the way of our ordinary extravagant , matter-of-fact young nobility . I had the pleasure of meeting him when I was in Rome , and could not help being charmed with him . He read and wrote poetry divinely , played the mandolin like St. Cecilia , and sung like an improvisatore . I met him to-day , as he was approaching home in his carriage , and found him , as well as I could judge from a five minutes ’ conversation , the same as ever . I say nothing — but should a fresh-looking , golden-haired , dreamy-eyed youth be seen at our pic-nic to-morrow , I hope he will be greeted with the courtesy and welcome due not only to a neighbor but a man of genius . ” This adroitly concocted speech was drank in like wine by the unsuspicious Hortensia . A duke ! a poet ! a romantic man of genius ! What was it made her heart beat so rapidly ?— her heart , that had never beat out of time save over the page of the poet or the novelist — or may be in the trance of some beautiful midnight dream , such as love to hover around the pillows of fair maidens , and who can blame them ? The next morning , as Willis says of one of his fine days , was astray from Paradise ; and bright and early our pic-nickers , comprising a goodly company of young people , married and single , with several beautiful children , including of course the roguish Emma , were on the field selected for the day 's campaign . It was a lovely spot . Under a noble oak whose limbs , rounded into a leafy dome , shed a palpitating shadow around a sweet little fountain , guarded by a marble naiad , gathered the merry company upon the green velvet ottoman , daisy-spangled , that ran around this splendid natural saloon , bower and drawing-room combined . The day had fulfilled the golden promise of the early morning ; the air , impregnated with a sparkling , effervescing sunshine , was as bewitching as the breath of champagne foam , and our adventurers were in the liveliest and gayest spirits . Noon was culminating , and the less excitable and more worldly portion of the company began to be thinking seriously of the bountiful refection which had been provided for the grand occasion . Hortensia , it was observed by Squire Deerdale and his wife , and the others who were in the secret , had seemed absent and thoughtful , all the morning , and little Emma had teased her sufficiently for not playing with her as usual . At this moment a young man was seen coming down the broad sloping glade at the foot of which the party were seated . The squire immediately rose and welcomed the stranger , introducing him to his bride and sister-in-law , and expressing his pleasure that he had come . “ We almost began to fear , ” he added , “ that you had forgotten our humble festival . ” “ A f ê te thus embellished , ” replied the stranger , bowing with peculiar grace to the ladies , and glancing admiringly at Hortensia , “ is not an affair to be so easily forgotten by a wanderer who comes , after years of exile , to revive beneath the blue skies and bluer eyes of his native land . ” “ But your mandolin , Signor Foreigner ; I hope you have not forgotten that ? ” “ Oh no indeed , ” returned the stranger with a musical laugh , “ I never forget my little friend , whose harmonies have often been my only company . Here it comes , ” pointing to a lad who just then came up , bearing a handsome though outlandish-looking guitar gingerly across his arm . Another of the party had also brought his guitar , and the two were soon tinkling away at different parts of the grounds — the latter surrounded by half a dozen young men and women , and several beautiful children ; while the stranger , throwing himself on the grass at the feet of Hortensia , upon whose lap nestled the little Emma , began a simple ballad of the olden time — while the squire and his bride stood against the old oak behind Hortensia . At length the strain of the young musician changed , subsiding into low and plaintive undulations . “ It is time for us to go , ” whispered Alice to her husband ; “ we are evidently de trop here ” — and the wedded pair glided noiselessly off , casting mischievous glances at the haughty Hortensia , who sat absorbed in the music , and tears of sympathy and rapture ready to fall from her eyes . It was a clear case of love at first sight . From this pleasant reverie both musician and listener were suddenly roused by little Emma , who , raising her head and shaking back the long ringlets from her face , exclaimed , “ Oh , sister , hear that ! There goes the champagne , and I am so hungry . Come , let us go to dinner . ” “ Excuse me , madam , ” exclaimed the stranger , ceasing to play and springing to his feet , “ your beautiful little monitor is right . I was already forgetting myself and venturing to dream as of old ; ” and he offered his arm to Hortensia , with that polite freedom not only permitted , but enjoined , by the etiquette of the pic-nic . “ And do you call it forgetfulness to dream ? ” inquired Hortensia . “ With so fair a reality before me , yes ; but at other times to dream is to live . ” “ Oh , yes , it is nice to dream ! ” broke in the little Emma . “ Almost as nice as a wedding . Now last night I dreamt that you were married , Haughty , like sister Alice . ” A lambent rosy flame seemed to envelop for an instant the beautiful Hortensia , disappearing instantly , yet leaving its scarlet traces on cheek and brow . “ What say you , my pretty one , ” said the stranger , patting the lovely child upon the head , “ what say you to a sandwich and a glass of wine with me , here on the greensward ? ( They had now approached the table — if a snow-white damask spread upon the velvet grass , and loaded with tempting viands could be called so .) Is not that better than dreams ? ” “ I love wine , sir , but mamma and sister say I should n't drink it , because it makes my eyes red . Now your eyes are as bright as stars . Do you drink wine ? ” It was the stranger 's turn to blush . And this little childish prattle seemed to have removed the barrier of strangership from between the two young people , who exchanged glances of a sort of merry vexation , and seemed to understand each other as if they were old friends . That was a merry meal , “ all under the greenwood tree , ” and on the margin of that sweet little fountain , whose waters came up to the very lip of the turf , which it refreshed with a sparkling coolness that ever renewed the brightness of the flowers upon its bosom . After the dinner was over , a dance was proposed , and the services of the handsome stranger , as musician , were cheerfully offered and promptly accepted . It was observed , however , that Hortensia , usually crazy for dancing , strolled pensively about with little Emma at her side , and at length seated herself on a little grassy bank , remote from the dancers , yet where she could overlook the scene . There was a little pause in the dance , and Squire Deerdale approached the stranger and whispered , “ Do you like her ? ” “ She 's as beautiful as Juno , but I dare not hope that she would ever love a poor vagabond like me . She deserves a prince of the blood , at the very least . ” “ Never mind !— Vedremo , as we say in Italy ; ” and with a laugh the young man bounded again into the dance , while the stranger redoubled his attention to his guitar . The day began to wane , and the shadows of a neighboring mountain to creep slowly across the lea ; and yet , so absorbed was that gay company in the merry pleasures of the day , that hours glided by unnoticed ; and it was not until the round , yellow moon rose over the eastern hills , as if peeping out to see the sun set , that they thought of breaking up a scene of little less than enchantment . The stranger scarcely left the side of Hortensia , who seemed completely subdued and fascinated by the serious eloquence , the inexhaustible brilliancy of his conversation , as well as enthralled by the classic beauty of his face , and the respectful yet tender glances which he from time to time cast upon her face . It may also be supposed that the hints casually dropped by the squire the night before , respecting his distinguished acquaintance , the young Duke of St. James , had not been without their effect . Sooth to say , however , that the hitherto cold and impassive Hortensia was really in love , and that she had too much self-respect to make any conditions in the bestowal of her admiration . She was haughty , proud and ambitious — yet at the same time high-minded and generous where her feelings were really interested . Much may be accomplished in an afternoon between two congenial hearts that meet for the first time ; and it is not at all surprising that on their way home the stranger and Hortensia should have lingered a little behind the rest of the party , engaged in deep and earnest talk . “ Beautiful being , ” whispered the stranger , “ I have at length found my heart 's idol , whom in dreams I have ever worshiped . What need of long acquaintanceship between hearts made for each other ? Lady , I love you ! ” “ Sir , sir , I beg you to pause . You know not what you are saying — you cannot mean that — ” “ But I tell you he does mean it , though , ” exclaimed a merry voice close at the lady 's elbow ; and turning round , she saw her mischievous brother-in-law , who had been demurely following their tardy footsteps . “ Brother ! you here ! I — really — am quite astonished ! ” “ And , ” interrupted the stranger , while a dark flush came over his face , “ allow me to say , Squire Deerdale , that I also am astonished at this violation of the rights of a friendship even so old and sincere as ours . ” “ Well , well , I beg your pardon , fair lady ; and as for you , sir , after you have heard my explanation , I shall be prepared to give you any satisfaction you may require . You must know , then , my dear old friend , that from a few careless words I dropped last evening , by way of joke , this young lady has imbibed the idea that you are the young Duke of St. James in disguise ; and for the purpose of preventing any misunderstandings for the future , it is requisite that my sister and my friend Walter Willie , the artist , should comprehend one another 's position fully . ” “ Good heavens ! madam , you cannot believe that I was accessory to this mad prank of your brother 's ? Do not believe it for the world . ” “ No , no , I acquit you and every body but myself . I am sure I intended no harm by my thoughtless joke . Come , come , make up the matter at once , so that I may hasten back to Alice , who will begin to grow jealous , directly . ” “ Madam , dear madam , ( Hortensia turned away her head with an imperious gesture ,) I have only to beg your pardon for having too long intruded upon your attention , and to take my leave . The poor artist must still worship his ideal at a distance . For him there is but the world of imagination . No such bright reality as being beloved rests in his gloomy future . Farewell ! ” and the young man , bowing for a moment over the hand of Hortensia , withdrew . “ Brother , brother , what have you done ! ” passionately exclaimed the beauty , in a voice choked by sobs . “ For a foolish joke you have driven away the only being who has ever interested my lonely heart . And now I can never , never be happy again . ” “ But , dear Hortensia , would you stoop to love a mere artist ? ” “ Stoop , sir ,— stoop ! I know not what you mean . Think you so meanly of me as to believe I would sell myself for wealth and a title ? Proud I may be — but not , I thank God , mercenary nor mean . And what a lofty , noble spirit is that of your friend ! What lord or duke could match the height of his intellect or the gorgeousness of his imagination . Oh , too soon my beautiful dream is broken ! ” and the young lady , all power of her usual self-restraint being lost , wept like a child upon the shoulder of her brother . “ Nay , nay , sister dear , weep not , ” at length said the squire , tenderly raising her head and leading her homeward . “ All is not lost that is in danger . And so that you really have lost your hard little heart to my noble , glorious friend , I 'll take care that it is soon recovered — or at any rate another one quite as good . Come , come , cheer up ! All will go well . ” The squire , although not usually rated as a prophet , predicted rightly for once ; for the very next day saw young Walter Willie at Sweetbriar Lodge , with a face as handsome and happy as the morning . Hortensia was ill , and must not be disturbed ; and at this information his features suddenly became overcast , as you may have seen a spring sky by a thick cloud , springing up from nobody knows where . However , the squire entered directly after , and whispered a few words to his guest , which seemed to restore in a measure the brightness of his look . “ And you really think , then , that I may hope ? ” “ Nay , my friend , you may do as you like about that . All men may hope , you know Shakspeare says . But I tell you that Hortensia has fallen in love with your foolish face — it 's just like her !— and that 's all about it . Come in and take some breakfast . Oh , I forgot — you 've no appetite . Of course not . Well , you 'll find some nice fresh dew in those morning-glories yonder , and I will rejoin you in a minute . We ‘ ll make a day of it . ” That evening the moon shone a million times brighter , the sky was a million times bluer , and the nightingale sung a million times sweeter than ever before . At least so thought the beautiful Hortensia and her artist-lover , as they strolled , arm-in-arm , through the woody lawn that skirted the garden of Sweetbriar Lodge , and held sweet converse of immortal things by gazing into each other 's eyes . And so ends our veracious history of the Pic-Nic in Olden Time . TO THE VIOLET . BY H. T. TUCKERMAN . Sweet trophy of life 's morning , fresh and calm , Dropped from the gleanings of relentless time , How from thy dainty chalice steals the balm That hung like incense o'er its dewy prime ! The lily 's stateliness thou dost not own , Nor glow voluptuous of the damask rose , Thou canst not emulate the laurel 's crown , Nor , like the Cereus , watch while all repose . And these gay rivals of parterre and field May freely drink the sunshine and the dew , But only unto thee does heaven yield The pure reflection of her cloudless blue . Thy tint will sometimes darken till it wear A purple such as decked the eastern kings , And yet , like innocence , all unaware Its tribute to the wind thy blossom flings . Symbol of what is cherished and untold , Thy fragrance oft reveals thee to the sight , Peering in beauty from the common mould , As casual blessings the forlorn requite . Thy image upon Laura 's robe was wrought , O'er which her poet with devotion mused , And gentle souls , I ween , have ever caught From thee a solace that the world refused . The Tuscan flower-girls delight to cheer Each pensive exile with thy scented leaves , Fit largess of a clime to fancy dear , Which a new blandishment from thee receives . Grief 's frenzy , when it melts , of thee will rave , As of a thing too winsome to decay , And thus Laertes at his sister 's grave Bids violets spring from her unsullied clay . Lowly incentive to celestial thought ! We ne'er with listless step can pass thee by , For thou with tender embassies art fraught , Like the fond beaming of a northern eye . Hence thou art sacred to our human needs ; Laid on the maiden 's white and throbbing breast Thy delicate odor for the absent pleads , And mourners strew thee where their idols rest . In those wild hours when feeling chafed its bound , And deepened more that utterance was denied , In thee persuasive messengers I found That reached the haven of love 's wayward tide . And I have borne thee to the couch of death When naught remained to do but wait and pray , And marked the sudden flush and quickened breath That proved thee dear though all had passed away ! THEY MAY TELL OF A CLIME . TO —— ——. BY CHARLES E. TRAIL . They may tell of a clime more delightful than this , The land of the orange , the myrtle and vine ; Where the roses blush red beneath Zephyr 's warm kiss , And the bright beams of summer unceasingly shine . But I know a sweet valley , a beautiful spot , Where the turf is so green , and the breezes are bland ; And methinks , if you 'll share there my ivy-crowned cot , There 'll be no place on earth like my own native land . A palace ‘ neath Italy 's star-covered sky , Unblest by thy presence would desolate be ; But cheered by the light of thy soft beaming eye , Ah ! sweet were a tent in the desert with thee . For ‘ tis love — O ! ‘ tis love which thus hallows the ground , And brightens the gloom of the anchorite 's cell ; And the Eden of earth — wheresoe'er it be found — Is the spot where the heart 's cherished idol doth dwell . Then come to my cottage — though cool be the shade , And verdant the sod ‘ neath the wide-spreading bough — Where the wood-dove its nest ‘ mid the foliage hath made , Yet lone is that cottage , and desolate now . For as the green forest , bereft of the dove , No more with sweet echoes would musical be — Even so is the rose-mantled bower of love , Unblest and uncheered , if not gladdened by thee . A DREAM WITHIN A DREAM BY C. A. WASHBURN . I dreamed that for a long time I courted Charlotte — what need of dreaming ? It was true . Nevertheless I dreamed that for a long time I courted Charlotte , and at last , which was not true , married her . And I thought that Charlotte and I lived very happily together . She loved me better than she ever thought she could before we were married , for I loved her exceedingly , and was very kind to her . I remember how long it was that I wooed her . Always hoping , though sometimes fearing that she would never love me so as to marry me ; how , when at last we were married , and I carried her home to my pretty cottage , I could hardly contain myself for joy ; and when I saw her seated in our own parlor on the wedding eve , I could not keep a tear from trickling down my cheek ; and how she kissed away the tear , and when she knew the cause , how she burst into a flood of tears , and said she would love me the better for my having loved her so ; and how that we were from that time wholly united in heart and sympathy . Then , in the course of time , we had two darling children , which we both loved — and I thought my cup of happiness completed . I had been an ambitious man in my youth , and had experienced much of the disappointment incident to a life for fame . But when God had given us two such lovely children , I thought it was abusing his mercy to neglect them for the applause of the world — and so devoted myself entirely to their welfare . If I worked hard and was inclined to feel peevish and cross , I thought how that I was laboring to make happy , and good , and great , the dear boys , and I forgot every thing else . If I became tired of the turmoil of life , I was the more happy when I got home , for the children were always waiting and glad to see me , and their presence immediately banished all anxiety and care . They seemed so happy when I came — for Charlotte used to teach them to prize my presence by dating their pleasures by my arrival ; that I thought it joy enough for one mortal to have looked upon the impersonation of innocence and joy in his own children . Then , when the boys were asleep , how we used to talk about them ; how anxious we were when either of them was restless or unquiet ! How we used to reckon on the joy they would give us in age , and how in the happiness of our lot we shed tears of happines and joy ! With what fervor did we unite in prayer for their health and preservation , and wish all the world as happy as we were . We became selfish in our joy , and felt to care little for any thing but home , and in our enjoyment of the gift we had like to have forgotten the Giver . But at length Charlie , the younger boy , was sick , and we feared he would die . We then remembered in whose hands his life was , and , I believe , ever after regarded our treasures as trusts committed to our keeping . Charlie suffered great pain , but he complained not . His very submission smote our hearts , and though we could not think he was to die , yet we thought he was too good to live . Benny could no longer smile upon us , but watched by his brother 's bed without speaking or moving , unless to do him some service . We felt anxious about Charles , yet forbore to speak of our anxiety , though when he was asleep we could no longer conceal our sorrow and fears . And when one day the physician imprudently said in his hearing that he feared Charles would die , he looked at him in surprise , as if he had not thought of that ; and kissing the fevered brow of his sick brother , he came and stood by his mother 's side , and looking in her face as much as to say you wont let brother die , he saw a tear in the clear blue eye of his mother , and he sobbed aloud ; and Charlotte could contain herself no longer , but dropped hot tears on his face faster than she could kiss them away . Then I feared if Charlie should die lest Benny should die too ; and then I knew that Charlotte could not bear all this , and I prayed in my heart to God for Charles . And the next day , when the good physician said the danger was past , we felt to thank God that he had so chastened our affections , and ever loved him the more . So we lived in love and happiness for many years , and all that time not a shade of discord passed between us ; and I often thought what a dreary world this had been to me if Charlotte had never been mine . I used to pity my bachelor neighbor , and , as I thought , I could see the tear of disappointment in his eye when he witnessed my happy lot . I saw it was a vision , and only the figure of Margaret , my once loved and pretty sister , who existed then but in the land of spirits , was before me . And I told Margaret of the vision , and could not repress a sigh that it was not reality ; and musing long on what I was , and what I might have been had nature dealt with me more kindly , until the vision returned . Again I lived the life of youth 's fancy . But the boys now began to mingle a little with the world , and we feared we were not equal to the task of educating them . We trembled when we thought of the dangers before them , though we could not believe it possible that they should ever do wrong . Alas ! what trouble was before us ! I had carried home a box of strawberries , and set them in the pantry , and setting myself down in the library , waited for Charlotte to come home from shopping . I saw Charlie come from the pantry , but thought nothing at the time , and when Benny came in , bade him bring them to me that I might divide them between them — they were gone ; Charles must have taken them , for no one else had been in the pantry . I called him to me , and asked if he had taken them . I asked without concern , for I knew if he had , he did it supposing it to be right . He said , “ No , sir . ” “ Ah , ” said I , “ you did . ” He then inquired what ones I meant , and I told him , and told him he must confess it , or I must punish him . But when I talked so seriously of punishment , he seemed confounded . He turned pale , and only said , “ I did not do it . ” That was a trying moment ; and when Charlotte came in , we considered long and anxiously what we ought to do . Should we let the theft go unpunished , and the falsehood to be repeated . Again we urged him to confess . The answer was still the same . There was no alternative but a resort to what I had prayed Heaven might spare me . I punished him severely , but he confessed not . I wished I had not begun , but now I must go on . I still increased the castigation , and it was only when I told him that I would stop when he owned the theft , and not before , that he confessed he had taken the berries . After this cruel punishment he went out and found Benny , who had been crying piteously all the time , and then my two boys went and hid themselves . I would have suffered the rack to have recalled that hour . It was too late . On going into the kitchen shortly after , I found a poor woman of the neighborhood with the box , which she said her thievish son had confessed he stole from the pantry . Perhaps some parents imagine the feelings of Charlotte and myself when we made this discovery . But they are few . The boys both shunned us , and we dreaded to see them . But at last we sent for them to come in , and they dared not refuse to obey . I took Charles in my arms . I asked him to forgive me ; I told him who took the berries ; I shed tears without measure ; I begged him to forgive me — to kiss me as he was wont . He could not do it . It was cold and mechanical . His little heart seemed broke . Had he died I thought I could have borne it , but I could not endure this . When he slept he was fitful and troubled ; ah ! his troubles could not be greater than mine . I slept not that night ; no , nor for many nights after that ; but I watched him in his sleep , and many a hot tear did I drop on his cheek , which he wiped off as poison ; and for many weeks I would rise several times every night , and go and gaze on his yet pretty face , on which was stamped the curse for my own cruel haste . In the midst of these sore trials , the lovely face of Margaret again appeared before me , and again the vision vanished into nothing . And I told her this part of the dream , and even then could not suppress a tear that it was a dream , and that the children of W —— could never have an existence or a name . Then the kind Margaret spoke words of comfort to me , and made me repress the half-formed feeling of discontent . “ Have you not , ” said she , “ said you would be satisfied for only one hour of the love of Charlotte ? ” “ True , ” I replied , “ and that dream was worth more than all my life before . ” “ Have you not known in that the joys of a parent , and have you not seen what sorrows and trials might have been yours , from which you have now escaped ? And do you now complain of your lot , W ——? You know not the designs of Providence . Will not Charlotte be yours in the world to come ? ” “ God grant it ! ” said I ; “ but where will be Benny and Charles ? They can never be , and I shall die , and the flame of parental love will burn in me , and never can it have an object . ” “ Hush you ! ” said Margaret , “ cannot God give you in the other world those spirits of fancy ? Did you not enjoy them in the dream , and cannot the same power make you enjoy them in Elysium ? Is it nothing that God has done for you in showing you what might have been , and what can be there ? Are you still ungrateful , and do you still distrust his goodness ? Is it nothing that he has kept you from temptation , and that you have so clear a conscience ? Will you not be worthy of Charlotte in heaven ; and have you no gratitude for all this ? Have you not dear friends still ; and will not Margaret be a guardian-angel to you so long as you sojourn in this valley of tears ? ” “ Ah ! ” said I , “ I am blest beyond my deserts , and I will no more complain , but thank my heavenly Father for the dream-children he hath given me . ” I felt reproved by the words of Margaret , for I felt I had often indulged in useless repinings ; and I determined I would do so no more , but patiently await my time to enjoy the loved ones , both real and ideal , in heaven . I again turned to speak to Margaret — but Margaret had vanished to the land of spirits , and I was alone , the solitary man I had long been . It was but a dream within a dream . PASSED AWAY . BY W. WALLACE SHAW . With wearied step , and heavy heart , O'erburdened with life 's woes — My soul bowed down with grief and care The orphan only knows — I strayed along old ocean 's shore , Where I had wandered oft before , My grief to hide from men ; I listened — something seemed to say — The joys that once did fill thy breast Where , oh ! where are they ? A voice that mingled with the roar Of dashing waves against the shore , In hollow tone , replied — “ They bloomed ; and died ! ” AN EVENING SONG , BY PROFESSOR WM . CAMPBELL . [ AN EXTRACT .] Lyre of my soul , awake — thy chords are few , Feeble their tones and low , Wet with the morning and the evening dew Of ceaseless wo . The time hath been to me and thee , my lyre , When soul of fire Was ours , and notes and aspirations bold Of higher hopes and prouder promise told — Those days have flown — Now we are old , Old and alone ! Old in our youth — for sorrow maketh old , And disappointment withereth the frame , And harsh neglect will smother up the flame , That else had proudly burned — and the cold Offcasting of affection will repel The warm life-current back upon the heart , And choke it nigh to bursting — yet ‘ t is well , And wise-intended , that the venomed dart Shall bear its sure and speedy remedy . Why should the wretched wish to live ? to be One in this cold wide world — ever to feel That others feel not — wounds that will not heal — A bruised , though yet unbroken spirit 's strife — A waning and a wasting out of life — A longing after loving — and the curse To know One 's self unknown — In secrecy a hopeless hope to nurse — Down to the grave to go Unloved — alone ! Yet not alone ! Pardon , thou gentle breeze , That comest o'er the waters with the tread Of beauty stealing to the sufferer 's bed , To cool the burning brow , and whisper peace . Pardon , ye sweet wild flow'rets , that each morn Woo us to brush the dew-drop from the lid Of tearful innocence , and meekly warn Of worth in garb of lowliest texture hid . Beings of gentlest life , ye murmuring streams , Lull of our waking , music of our dreams , Ye things of artless merriment , that throw Around you gladness , wheresoe'er ye flow — And ye dark mountains , down whose changeful sides The mystic guardian , giant shadow strides , Whose kindly frown , howe'er the storms prevail , Peace and repose ensureth to the vale — Ye tall proud forests , that forever sway In kingly fury , or in graceful play — Ye bright blue waters whose untiring drip Against this island shore doth lightly break , Gentle and noiseless as the parting lip Of dreaming infant on its mother 's cheek , Pardon my rash averment — pardon , ye Flow'rets and streamlets , mountains , woods and waves , That pour into the soul a melody , Like to the far down music of the caves Of ocean , heard not , felt not , save within , Seeking to joy the darker depths to win — Oh ! while your sweet and sacred voices steal Into my spirit , as the joyous fall Of the warm sunbeam on the frozen rill , To wake the voice that slumbereth , and call To bear you company In your glad hymnings , let the wretched own He cannot be Alone ! Never alone !— awake , my soul — on high The glorious sun his thousand rays has flung Athwart the vaulted sky — Lo ! there the heavens their mighty harp have strung , The gold , the silver and the crimson chord , To hymn their evening hymn unto the Lord . Hark ! heard ye not that glorious burst of song , Which , touched by hands unseen , those chords sent forth , Bidding the attuned spheres the notes prolong Deeper and louder , till the trembling earth Catcheth the thrilling strain — Echoeth back again — From the bosom of ocean a voice Pealeth forth , and the mountains rejoice And the plains and the woods and the valleys rebound , And the Universe all is a creature of sound , That runneth his race Through the infinite regions of infinite space , Till arrived at the throne Of HIM who alone Is worthy of honor and glory and praise . And it is ever thus — morn , noon and eve , And in the still midnight , undying Choirs of creation 's minstrels weave Sweet symphony of incense , vying In wrapt intricacy of endless songs . Ever , oh ever thus they sing , But to our soul 's dull ear belongs Seldom the trancing sense To list the universal worshiping , Thrill with the glorious theme , and drink its eloquence . Mocking all our soul 's desiring , Distant now the notes are stealing , And the minstrels high reining , Drapery blue their forms concealing . THE OCEAN-BURIED . COMPOSED , AND DEDICATED TO MISSES HARRIET AND MARY HALSEY , Of Blooming Grove , O. C ., N. Y ., BY MISS AGNES H. JONES . = Andantino Soave =. music “ Bury me not in the deep , deep sea . ” The words came faint and mournfully , From the pallid lips of a youth who lay On the cabin couch where , music day by day , He had wasted and pined , till o'er his brow The death shade had slowly pass 'd , and now , When the land and his fond loved home were nigh , They had gath'rd around to see him die . Let my death-slumber be where a mother 's prayer And sister 's tears can be blended there . Oh , it will be sweet ere the heart 's throb is o'er , To know , when its fountain shall gush no more , That those it so fondly has yearn 'd for will come , To plant the first wild-flower of spring on my tomb . Let me lie where lov 'd ones can weep over me — Bury me not in the deep , deep sea ! And there is another , her tears would be shed For him who lays far in an ocean bed ; In hours that it pains me to think of now , She has twin 'd these locks and kiss 'd this brow — In this hair she has wreathed shall the sea-snake hiss ? The brow she has press 'd shall the cold wave kiss ? For the sake of that bright one that wails for me , Bury me not in the deep , deep sea ! “ She hath been in my dreams ” — his voice failed short , They gave no heed to his dying prayer .— They have lowered him o'er the vessel 's side — Above him hath closed the solemn tide . Where to dip her wing the wild fowl rests — Where the blue waves dance with their foamy crests — Where the billows bound and the winds sport free , They have buried him there , in the deep , deep sea . REVIEW OF NEW BOOKS . Calaynos : A Tragedy . By George H. Boker , E. H. Butler & Co. Philadelphia , pp . 218 . The spirit of English poetry has been for years eminently lyric ; the few attempts at the epic or dramatic having been laid aside , if not permanently , at least for a time . The age has been too busy in working out , with machinery and steam , its own great epic thought , to find leisure to listen to any thing longer than a single bugle-blast encouraging its advancement . We cannot but believe , however , if we may be allowed an analogical inference , that the age is fast approaching the climax of its utilitarian inventions , and that man , instead of chasing through unknown regions every will-o-wisp of his brain , in the hope of bringing it a captive to the Patent-office , will sit modestly down to apply to their various uses the discoveries already made . Then will the healthy feast of literature once more begin , and the public cease to be surfeited by the watery hash which has been daily set steaming before them . In the volume under consideration we think we can discern the promise of the return of the good old spirit of English poetry — of solid honest thought expressed in straight forward Saxon . The story , which is one of the chivalrous days of Spain , while it is devoid of trick is full of thrilling interest , and its style , while it is eminently poetical , neither swells into bombast nor descends to the foppery so common among the verse-makers of our day . There is a stately , old-fashioned tread in the diction , as of a man in armor , who , should he attempt to gather flowers of mere prettiness , would crush them at the first touch of his iron gauntlet , and who , if he seems to move ungracefully at times , owes his motion to his weight of mail . Calaynos , the hero , is in every respect a nobleman , not only in blood , but what is better , in mind . He is a scholar , one who , in the words of Dona Alda his wife , — uses time as usurers do their gold , Making each moment pay him double interest . He is a philosopher — Things nigh impossible are plain to him ; His trenchant will , like a fine-tempered blade , With unturned edge , cleaves through the baser iron . He is generous and has — a predetermined trust in man ; and holds that He who hates man must scorn the Source of man , And challenge as unwise his awful Maker . The character of Dona Alda is noble and womanly — her chief trait being her great pride and jealous care of her honor . She conceives that no one will brave the — peril , such as he must brook , Who dares to love the wife of great Calaynos . Her maid , Martina , tells her that — Queens of Spain Have had their paramours — and she replies , — So might it be , Yet never hap to bride of a Calaynos ! Don Luis , the villain of the plot , thus paints his own picture : — I was not formed for good : To what Fate orders I must needs submit : The sin not mine , but His who made me thus — Not in my will but in my nature lodged . I will grasp the stable goods of life , Nor care how foul the hand that does the deed . Martina is admirably drawn ; her wit is excellent , and as exhaustless as it is keen . She says of Calaynos — He looks on pleasure as a kind of sin , Calls pastime waste-time —— I heard a man , who spent a mortal life In hoarding up all kinds of stones and ores , Call one , who spitted flies upon a pin , A fool to pass his precious lifetime thus . She says of Oliver , Calayno 's secretary , Yes , there he goes — Backward and forward , like a weaver 's shuttle , Spinning some web of wisdom most divine . She addresses him thus — Our clay , the preachers say , was warmed to life ; But yours , your dull , cold mud , was froze to being . I would not be the oyster that you are For all the pearls of wisdom in your shell ! All the persons of the play are vivid and life-like . With the beginning of the third act the interest becomes intense , and nothing could be more vigorous and touching than the action and depth of pathos toward the close of the piece . Every page teems with fine thoughts and images , which lead us to believe that the mine from which this book is a specimen , contains a golden vein of poetry which will go far to enrich our native literature . Literary Sketches and Letters : Being the Final Memorials of Charles Lamb , Never before Published . By Thomas Noon Talfourd . New York : D. Appleton & Co. 1 vol . 12mo . The present work is important in more respects than one . It was needed to clear up the obscurity which rested on several points of Lamb 's life , and it was needed to account for some of the peculiarities of his character . The volume proves that this most genial and kindly of humorists was tried by as severe a calamity as ever broke down the energies of a great spirit , and the frailties commonly associated with his name seem almost as nothing compared with the stern duties he performed from his early manhood to his death . The present volume is calculated to increase that personal sympathy and love for him , which has ever distinguished the readers of Lamb from the readers of other authors , and also to add a sentiment of profound respect for his virtues and his fortitude . The truth is that Lamb 's intellect was one of the largest and strongest , as well as one of the finest , among the great contemporary authors of his time , and it was altogether owing to circumstances , and those of a peculiarly calamitous character , that this ample mind left but inadequate testimonials of its power and fertility . He is , and probably will be , chiefly known as an original and somewhat whimsical essayist , but his essays , inimitable of their kind , were but the playthings of his intellect . Talfourd has performed his editorial duties with his usual taste and judgment , and with all that sweetness and grace of expression which ever distinguishes the author of Ion . His sketches of Lamb 's companions are additions to the literary history of the present century . Lamb 's own letters , which constitute the peculiar charm of the book , are admirable — the serious ones being vivid transcripts of his moods of mind , and some of them almost painful in their direct expression of agony , and the semi-serious rioting in mirth , mischief and whim , full of wit and meaning , and full also of character and kindliness . One of his early letters he closes , as being from his correspondent 's “ afflicted , headachey , sore-throatey , humble servant . ” In another he calls Hoole 's translation of Tasso “ more vapid than smallest small beer , ‘ sun-vinegared . ’ ” In speaking of Hazlitt 's intention to print a political pamphlet at his own expense , he comes out with a general maxim , which has found many disciples : “ The first duty of an author , I take it , is never to pay any thing . ” When Hannah More 's Coelebs in Search of a Wife appeared , it was lent to him by a precise lady to read . He thought it among the poorest of common novels , and returned it with this stanza written in the beginning : If ever I marry a wife I 'd marry a landlord 's daughter , For then I may sit in the bar , And drink cold brandy-and-water . In speaking of his troubles toward the close of his life , he has a strange , humorous imagination , in every way worthy of his peculiar genius : “ My bedfellows are cough and cramp ; we sleep three in a bed . ” The present volume is elegantly printed , and will doubtless have a run . It is full of matter , and that of the most interesting kind . No reader of Lamb , especially , will be without it . Modern French Literature . By L. Raymond de Vericour . Edited by W. S. Chase , A. M. Boston : Gould , Kendall & Lincoln . 1 vol . 12mo . This work is the English production of a native Frenchman , and was written for one of Chambers 's series of books for the people . It is edited , with notes alluding particularly to writers prominent in the late French Revolution , by a young American scholar , who has recently resided in France . The book , though deficient and sometimes incorrect in details , deserves much praise for its general correctness and accuracy . The author , though by no means a critic of the first class , is altogether above the herd of Grub street hacks who commonly undertake the popularizing of literary history . He is no Winstansley and no Cibber . The range of his reading appears to be extensive . His judgments are somewhat those of a school-master , but one of the highest grade . There are several amusing errors relating to the position of English authors , to some of which we cannot help alluding , as they seem to have escaped the vigilant eye of the editor . Speaking of Guizot and Sismondi as the leaders of the school of French philosophical historians , he remarks that “ the English language possesses some good specimens of this class of history ; the most remarkable are Gibbon 's Decline and Fall and the works of Mr. Millar . ” This is as if the author had said that England possessed some good specimens of the Romantic Drama , the most remarkable being Shakspeare 's Macbeth and the works of Mr. Colman . Again , in speaking of the novels of Paul de Kock , and protesting against those English critics who call him the first writer of his time and country , he says that it is as ridiculous as it would be in Frenchmen to exalt the novels of Charles Dickens above Ivanhoe , Philip Augustus and Eugene Aram , The idea of a Frenchman thinking it a paradox to rank Dickens above James , or even Bulwer , shows how difficult it is for a foreigner , especially a Frenchman , to pass beyond the external form of English literature . The author deserves the praise of being a sensible man , in the English meaning of the phrase . There is one sentence in his introductory which proves that his mind has escaped one besetting sin of the French intellect , which has prevented its successful cultivation of politics as a practical science . In speaking of the histories of Thiers and Mignet , he says that they “ have hatched a swarm of Jeunes Prances , vociferating in their wild aberrations , emphatic eulogies on Marat , Coulhon and Robespierre , and breathing a love of blood and destruction , which they call the progressive march of events . ” Rise and Fall of Louis Philippe , Ex-King of the French , Giving a History of the French Revolution from , its Commencement in 1789 . By Benj . Perley Poore , Boston : Wm . D. Ticknor & Co. 1 vol . 12mo . Of all the publications we have seen relating to Louis Philippe this is the most complete and the most agreeable . The author , from his long residence in Paris , and from his position as Historical Agent of the State of Massachusetts , was enabled to collect a large mass of matter relating to French history , and also to learn a great deal respecting the Orleans dynasty , which would not naturally find its way into print . The present volume , though it has little in relation to the first French Revolution not generally known by students , embodies a large number of important facts respecting Louis Philippe , which we believe are now published for the first time . The biography itself has the interest of a romance , for few heroes of novels ever were , in imagination , subjected to the changes of fortune which Louis encountered in reality . Mr. Poore 's view of his character is not more flattering than that which commonly obtains — on both sides of the Atlantic . To sustain this disparaging opinion of his subject , however , he is compelled to suppose policy and hypocrisy as the springs of many actions which a reasonable charity would pronounce virtuous and humane . It must be conceded that the conduct of the king during the last few days of his reign was feeble , if not cowardly , but his uniform character in other periods of his life was that of a man possessing singular readiness and coolness in times of peril , and encountering obstacles with a courage as serene as it was adventurous . The Tenant of Wildfield Hall . By Acton Bell , Author of Wurthuring Heights .. New York : Harper & Brothers . 1 vol . 12mo . The appearance of this novel , so soon after the publication of Wurthuring Heights , is an indication of Mr. Bell 's intention to be a frequent visiter , or visitation , of the public . We are afraid that the personages he introduces to his readers will consist chiefly of one class of mankind , and this class not the most pleasing . He is a monomaniac on the subject of man 's rascality and brutality , and crowds his page with forcible delineations of offensive characters and disgusting events . The power he displays is of a high but limited order , and is exercised chiefly to make his readers uncomfortable . To be sure the present novel is not so bad as Wurthuring Heights in the matter of animal ferocity and impish diabolism ; but still most of the characters , to use a quaint illustration of an eccentric divine , “ are engaged in laying up for themselves considerable grants of land in the bottomless pit , ” and brutality , blasphemy and cruelty constitute their stock in trade . The author is not so much a delineator of human life as of inhuman life . There are doubtless many scenes in The Tenant of Wildfield Hall drawn with great force and pictorial truth , and which freeze the blood and “ shiver along the arteries ; ” but we think that the author 's process in conceiving character is rather logical than imaginative , and consequently that he deals too much in unmixed malignity and selfishness . The present novel , with all its peculiar merits , lacks all those elements of interest which come from the generous and gentle affections . His champagne enlivens , but there is arsenic in it . Brothers and Sisters . By Frederika Bremer . Translated by Mary Howitt . New York : Harper & Brothers . This is by no means one of Miss Bremer 's best productions , but it is not on that account a commonplace production . The pathos , the cheerfulness , the elevation , the sweet humane home-feeling of the Swedish novelist , are here in much of their old power , with the addition of universal philanthropy and the rights of labor . But we fear that the original vein of our authoress is exhausted , and that she is now repealing herself . It is a great mistake to suppose that a new story , new names of characters , additional sentiments nicely packed in new sentences , make a new novel , when the whole tone and spirit of the production continually reminds the reader of the authors previous efforts . It is no depreciation of Miss Bremer 's really fine powers to assert , that she lacks the creative energy of Scott , or the ever active fancy and various observation of Dickens . Grantley Manor . By Lady Georgiana Fullerton . New York : D. Appleton & Co. 1 vol . 12mo . This is altogether one of the finest novels which have appeared for many years . It is written with much beauty of style ; evinces a creative as well as cultivated mind , and contains a variety of characters which are not only interesting in themselves , but have a necessary connection with the plot and purpose . The mind of the author has that combination of shrewdness and romantic fervor , of sense and passion , so necessary to every novelist who desires to idealize without contradicting the experience of common life . EDITOR 'S TABLE . To the readers of “ Graham . ” — A series of misfortunes having bereft me of any proprietory interest in this Magazine , the present publishers have made a liberal arrangement with me , and for the future , the editorial and pictorial departments of Graham 's Magazine will be under the charge of Joseph R. Chandler , Esq ., J. Bayard Taylor , Esq ., and myself . It is due to the subscribers to “ Graham ” from me , to state , that from the first hour I took charge of it , the warmest support and encouragement were given me , and from two not very profitable magazines “ Graham ” sprung at once into boundless popularity and circulation . Money , as every subscriber knows , was freely expended upon it , and an energy untiring and sleepless was devoted to its business management , and had I not , in an evil hour , forgotten my own true interests , and devoted that capital and industry to another business which should have been confined exclusively to the magazine , I should to-day have been under no necessity — not even of writing this notice . I come back to my first love with an ardor undiminished , and an energy not enervated , with high hopes and very bold purposes . What can be done in the next three years , time , that great solver of doubts , must tell . What a daring enterprize in business can do , I have already shown in Graham 's Magazine and the North American — and , alas ! I have also shown what folly can do , when business is forgotten — but I can yet show the world that he who started life a poor boy , with but eight dollars in his pocket , and has run such a career as mine , is hard to be put down by the calumnies or ingratitude of any . Feeling , therefore , that having lost one battle , “ there is time enough to win another , ” I enter upon the work of the “ redemption of Graham , ” with the very confident purposes of a man who never doubted his ability to succeed , and who asks no odds in a fair encounter . GEO . R. GRAHAM . An Acquisition .— Our readers will share in the pleasure with which it is announced , that JOSEPH R. CHANDLER , Esq ., the accomplished writer , and former editor of “ The United States Gazette , ” will hereafter be “ one of us ” in the editorial management of Graham 's Magazine . There are few writers in the language who equal , and none excel Mr. Chandler in graceful and pathetic composition . His sketches live in the hearts of readers , while they are heart-histories recognized by thousands in every part of the laud . An article from Mr. Chandler 's pen may be looked for in every number , and this will cause each number to be looked for anxiously . Editors Looking Up .— It is expected that an early number of “ Graham ” will be graced with a portrait of our distinguished rival of the “ Lady 's Book , ” that gentleman having “ in the handsomest manner , ” as they say in theatricals , sat for a picture of his goodly countenance and proportions . At our command this has been transferred to steel , to be handed over to the readers of “ Graham , ” by Armstrong , an artist whose ability is a fair warrant for a fine picture . Now if any of our fair readers fall in love with Godey , we shall take it as a formal slight , and shall insist upon having our face run through an edition of a magazine , to be gazed at and loved by thousands of as fine looking people as can be crowded upon a subscription book . W. E. TUCKER , ESQ .— We are very much gratified to be able to state , that an arrangement has been made by the proprietors of “ Graham ” with Mr. W. E. Tucker , whose exquisite title-pages and other gems in the way of engraving are familiar to our readers , and that for the year 1849 , he engraves exclusively for Graham 's Magazine . This is but the beginning of arrangements proposed to revive the original splendor of the pictorial department of this magazine , while the literary arrangements are in the same style of liberality which has ever distinguished “ Graham . ” “ There is a good time a-coming boys ” in 1849 . Sketches From Europe .— In the present absorbing state of affairs abroad , it will please our readers to know , that we have engaged an accomplished writer to furnish sketches of European manners , events and society , such as escape the daily journals , for the pages of the magazine . These sketches will occasionally be illustrated with engravings of scenery and persons taken on the spot , and cannot fail to add to the value of “ Graham . ” Gems From Late Readings .— We shall introduce into the next number of Graham a department which we think cannot fail to be of interest , by selections from authors which it is not possible for all the readers of Graham to have seen . Culling such passages as may strike us in our reading as worthy of wide circulation and preservation .