ILL-BRED DOGS . WEST-POINTERS , SETTING AT A BLACKBIRD . ON DORGS . Dorgs are very useful animals , especially when you have nothing handy for dinner , and can get them to catch a rabbit for you . A dorg is a very devoted animal , and should not be taxed , as its master often is , by its various eccentricities — when it makes off with his dinner , for instance , or leaves dental impressions on the meat in the pantry . Indeed , its owner is sometimes tempted to imitate his canis in the lifting business , and often with such success as to get board and lodging free . Dorgs are pugnacious critters . I had one that set on every fellow of its kind he came across , and took such an affectionate grab of his foe , that nothing would divide them till death did them part . I noticed , however , that this dorg of mine was mostly fond of the smaller fry , attacking them most vigorously , and barking from the door-steps at the larger . I once had a dorgy ( diminutive of dorg , alias puppy ,) which was very fond of me , especially when I gave it something nice — which is nothing but human nature in the third degree . It got knocked about a good deal , especially its legs , so that it contracted a sort of hopping movement . I could not get it to catch mice ; it seemed to think them third cousins , or something of the kind , and was very fond of playing with them ; while , on the other hand , I had a large dorg which we kept by us when we took grain from the rick — I think he managed about 30 per minute . I never could follow them down his throat , but his increased bulk was a kind of index to the number . He generally lay by the kitchen fire twenty-four hours after his banquet , to recover himself . I once tried my small dorg at the swimming business , by throwing him into a shallow pond . I had to go in after the beast pretty smart , boots , trowsers , socks , and all . He and I had a roast by the fire that evening . My trowsers , however , getting overdone in the operation , I lost $ 4 by this experiment . Dorgs are very fond of coat-tails and back-pockets , when some unseen attraction lies there . They do n't believe in appetite-assuagers “ wasting their fragrance on the desert air ; ” and will make vigorous efforts to take possession of the hidden treasure , at any risk whatsoever . As this is the time I and my dorg go visiting , I must jerk up the machine for the present . I hope my remarks have done you some good . The motto I always follow is , “ Brevity is the soul of wit . ” BILL BISCAY . INSPIRATION VS. PERSPIRATION . Flannel , being an absorbent , has usually been recommended as the best material for under-clothing in sweltering weather , such as that of the present summer . An ingenious gentleman of this city , however , has discovered that a full under-suit of blotting-paper is by far more efficacious than flannel , and he has taken out a patent for the idea . The article will not come under the denomination of dry goods . THE RIGHT MAN . A Brooklyn item states as follows : “ Justice LYNCH is to have a new court-house in the Twenty-first Ward . ” Why in that Ward , only ? Have we not a Fourth Ward here , in New York , and a Sixth Ward , and an Eighth Ward , and a Seventeenth Ward ? Judge LYNCH is just the man needed in each and all of these wards , and he may be found there yet . STRANGELY COINCIDENTAL . The Ice Panic and the Coolie Problem . THE CHINESE EXPERIMENT IN MASSACHUSETTS . THE GREAT SHOE MANUFACTURER SERENELY CONTEMPLATES HIS HIVE OF CELESTIAL BEES .] OUR PORTFOLIO . It is related of the Prince of Wales , that , driving home from the late Derby Races , he lifted his hat to a group of ladies , and by accident dropped a glove , whereupon the fair ones dived eagerly into the dirt for it , while his Royal Highness laughed heartily at the scramble . Young ladies this side of the Atlantic , it may be said with justice , are quite as practiced divers ; but when the darlings duck their fingers into the dirt before any young fellow here , it more frequently happens that they are not after his glove , or his heart , so much as his pocketbook . The practice , quite common among rustic gentlemen , of visiting the city for the purpose of beholding the “ elephant , ” doubtless suggested to the late Sir THOMAS BROWNE the following advice which he gave his son , who was about entering upon his studies in the department of Natural History : “ When you see the elephant , observe whether he bendeth his knees before and behind forward differently from other quadrupeds , as Aristotle observeth ; and whether his belly be the softest and smoothest part . ” It is possible that some elephants have a habit of bending at the knee-joints differently from others . Indeed , this reflection is more than likely when we consider how many elephants there are , and upon what evil doings many of them are bent , but it is not so evident that a neophyte in this branch of knowledge could derive any benefit from following Sir THOMAS 'S injunctions . PUNCHINELLO begs leave to substitute for the above , some advice which he thinks would produce a vastly more salutary effect , and that to keep away from elephants altogether . Men of experience will bear out our assertion , that the much talked of “ horns of a dilemma ” are nothing to the tusks of an elephant ; for it is possible for a person to hang upon the aforesaid “ horns ” without fatal results , but the party who is impaled upon the tusks of an elephant is generally ever after indifferent to the opinions of mankind . CRITICAL . “ Where do you intend to Summer ? ” asked JOWLER of GROWLER , one day in the “ heated term . ” “ Summer ? ” retorted GROWLER — “ is that what you call it ?— I call it Simmer . ” PERSONAL . PRINCE ARTHUR has taken his departure for England . It is but just to say that the regiment to which he belongs is not the same Rifle Brigade by which the Coney Island boats are controlled . GRANT 'S BLACKBIRD PIE . AIR : SING A SONG O ’ SIXPENCE . Sing about a Treaty Got up to supply Half a million Black birds For the Union Pie . When the fact was published , Swindlers at Sing Sing Said the Author 's one of us — Let us call him King . FISH was at the Treasury Clamoring for the money , GRANT was in the “ Blue-room ” Looking blithe and sunny , MORBILL , in the Senate , Brought things to a close — GRANT 'S half million Black birds Vanished with the noes . SUGGESTED BY THE HEAT OF THE COOLIE QUESTION . Knees that the Crispins are constantly down on — Chi-nese . PROBABLE RESULT OF THAT “ CHINESE PUZZLE . ” A Chinese Fizzle . ECLIPSE OF THE “ SUN . ” JIMMY the bootblack , says he “ shines for all — price ten cents . ” TO U ,' LYSS . ON THE REJECTION OF THE BAEZ TREATY . Behold how fickle Fortune the great ULYSSES treats , Gives him victories in war-time , in peace heaps up defeats . His Southern laurels linger a coronet of praise ; But a friendly Senate withers his San Domingan bays . YAN-KI vs. YAN-KEE . SHOWING THE DESCENT OF CELESTIAL CRISPINS UPON THE SHOEMAKERS OF THE BAY STATE AND HOW THEY ROBBED THE NATIVE COBBLER OF HIS ALL .] HIRAM GEEEN AT THE TOWER OF BABEL . HE INTERVIEWS AN OLD SETTLER. - A REMARKABLE NARRATIVE . While in New York , a few days sints , I was standin ’ in the reer of the old City haul , gazin ’ onto the unfinished marble bildin ’ which stands there . My eye gobbled up the seen afore me , like a young weesel a suckin ’ of eggs ,— when an old rinkled-featured — silver-haired and snowy-beerded individual touched me on the sholder , and interogated me thuswisely : “ Stranger , you seem to be stuck to make out what that ere unfinished bildin ’ is . ” “ Kerzaclee , old Hoss , ” sed I , “ and I wouldent mind standin ’ the Lager to find out . ” “ Come with me to yonder pile of stuns , ” sed the old feller , “ and I will relate a tail , which , for its mysteriousness , ukers the kemikle analersis of a plate of bordin ’ house hash . ” “ Wall , old METHUSELER , ” sed I , as our legs was danglin ’ over the pile of stuns , “ onwind your yarn , but do n't let your immaginashun go further than a Bohemian 's . ” He then began the follerin ’ histry : “ In anshient times there was a Filosifer . HORRIS GREELEY was his cognovit . “ He was Editor of a daily noosepaper . He took it into his nozzle one day to rite some essays ‘ on what he knowed of farmin , ’ which he was about as well posted on as a porpoise is about climbin ’ a tree . “ One day this Jerkt farmer , by brevet , writ an artikle about irrigation . “ He told farmers that , in dry seasons , if they dammed the little streems which crossed their farms , the water would set back , and overflow their land , and keep their garden sas sozzlin ’ wet , and make things grow bully . “ He was a great advocate of Dams . “ He useter become so absorbed in his favorite pastime , that a feller man , if he irritated the Filosifer , became small streems pro temper , and were dammed pooty sudden . ” “ What , you do n't mean to say that an Editor swore in them days ? ” sed I , interuptin ’ the old man . “ They occashunly took a hand in that ere biziness , and when they got onto a fit , could cuss and swear ekal to the beet of us , ” sed he . “ Wall , ” sed I , “ I thought they was all good moral men , like THEODORE TILTON & ANNER DICKINSON . ” “ Oh ! no , ” he replide . “ Editors in them days use to fat up on swearin ’ ” . He then resumed , “ Farmers throughout the land tride H. G .' s . dammin ’ ways . “ They dammed all the streams , and anybody who did n't like their stile of doin ’ things got sarved in the same manner . The consequents was , their was a flood — yes sir , a flood . “ Brooklin , Jarsey and Hoboken ferry-botes was swamped , and the passengers all drowned . “ To be a corroner them times was money in a feller 's pocket , as the inquest biziness was the best biziness agoin ’ outside of any well-organized Ring . “ Only one bote lode was saved . “ JIM FISK , who was always on the look-out for a muss , was long-headed enough to own that craft . “ It was run by Captin NOAH , who Know-ed what was coming . NOAH took his family abord , and as he owned a menagerie , he took all of his wild animals abord to , besides the members of the Press , who kept their papers posted of the doin 's abord that Ark . “ In about 40 days time , ev'ry dammed stream busted away , and the waters dride up . And the boat ran ashore and got stuck fast , in one of them new-fashioned tar pavements . “ The Common Counsel invited NOAH and his fokes to a Lager bier garden and treated them to a banket , at the Sity 's expense . “ NOAH , who liked his soothin ’ sirup , got drunker than a sensashun preacher , on gin and milk , an orthodox drink them times . “ He finally went to sleep in the gutter , after undressin ’ hisself and hangin ’ all his close on a lamp-post . “ HAM , a son of Captin NOAH 'S , diskiverin ’ his confused parient in a soot rather more comfortable than modest , was so mortified at his Dad 's nakedness , that the mortificashun become sot , and when NOAH awoke from his soberin ’ off sleep , his son was blacker than the ace of spades . “ NOAH did n't like niggers . “ Not much he did n't . “ He hated ‘ em wusser nor a Pea cracker hates a Fenian . “ Seein ’ that his cheild had changed his political sentiments , he Horris Greelyzed him in the follerin ’ well-known words : “ Cussed be Kanan . ’ “ HAM wasent to be fooled in that stile by the Govenor , so he got BUTLER , whose surname was BENJAMIN , into whose sack was found a silver cup , and I believe a few spoons , SICKLES , LOGAN , LONGSTREET , and a lot of other chaps , to change their complexion . With the assistants of these men , NOAH and his party was floored , and the 15th Amendment waxed mitey and strong , espeshally with the mercury at one hundred degrees in the shade . “ Fokes was gettin ’ wicked and wickeder all the time . “ Members of Congress was drawin ’ the wool over the Goddess of Liberty 's eyes , and rammin ’ their hands way down into her purse . Cadetships were bein ’ sold to the highest bidder . “ One day the wise men of Gotham sed one to another : “ ‘ Let us bild us a tower which H. G . can n't flood , if he dams from now till dooms-day . ’ “ A big injun took the contract . As OOFTY GOOFT , a dutch German , remarkt , “ ‘ He vash got Tam-many oder braves to give him a boosht . ’ “ Street pavements were laid on 5th avenoo , which the wind took up , and the air smelt like a mixture of cold tar and Scotch snuff . “ Bulls and Bears of Wall street had a day of Egypshun darkness ; it was called Black Friday . “ ‘ Shoo-fly ’ was sung in our nashunal Councils . “ Banks were robbed , and Judges went snucks with the robbers . “ Men got on fits of temper-ary insanity and clubbed their wives over the head or popped off editors with a 6 shooter . “ Virtous and respectable ladies were Spencerized in the Halls of Gustise , and the 12 temptashuns was drawin ’ crowded houses . ” “ See here , old man , ” sed I , “ hai n't you pilin ’ on the agony rather too thick ? ” “ Facts , Squire , ” sed he , “ trooth is stronger than frickshun . ” “ About these times , ” he continered , “ things was becomin ’ slitely mixed . “ The different tribes coode n't suck cider through the same straw any more . “ There was a confusion of tongues and a mixin ’ of contracts . The great Sachem and the Young Democracy had each other by the ear , while the Big Injun was bound to scratch his assailers bald headed . “ In this Reign of High Daddyism , the Young Democracy was scalpt , and that ere bildin ’ afore us , the great tower of Babel , come to a dead stand still , because the poletishuns coodent understand each other , and fokes dident know where the money was all gone to . ” The old man paused . I sprung to my feet . “ And this , ” I exclaimed , “ is the mitey Babel ? Wood that I possessed some of the fortins which has been made on thee . Wood that I was a contracter , ” sed I , awed in presence of the great bildin ’ which caused so many to sin . In my enthusiasm I bust forth in that well-known Him : “ I want to be a contracter , And with contracters share . ” After I got cooled down I looked for the old man , and sure 's your born he had wrigged off . I took a Bee line for a naborin ’ Refreshment stand , and cooled my excited brane with a fride doenut . Adux , PUNCHINELLO . Ewers and so 4thly , HIRAM GBEEN , Esq , Lait Gustise of the Peece . ALL STUFF ! That crusty old bachelor , CUMGRUMBLE , objects to the franchise being extended to women , on the ground that , since they have become so accustomed to padding their persons , they would inevitably take to “ stuffing ” the ballot-boxes . CHICAGO ECCENTRICITIES . A newspaper item tells about a horse in Chicago that chews tobacco . Well , we can beat that in New York . Only a few days ago we saw Commodore VANDERBILT driving one of his fast teams in Harlem Lane , and both the horses were Smoking like mad . But the item adds that the Chicago horse actually picks the hostler 's pocket of tobacco . Well , that is just what one might expect of a Chicago horse . THE WATERING PLACES . PUNCHINELLO 'S VACATIONS . After , all there is nothing like nature , in her primevality . When man attempts to add a finishing-touch to the loveliness of the forest , lake , or ocean , he makes a botch of it . What would the glowing tropics be , if Park Commissioners had charge of them ? The heart , sick of the giddy flutterings of Man , seeks the sympathy of the shadowy dell , where the jingle of coin is heard not , and where the votaries of fashion flaunt not their vain tissues in the ambient air . So , last week , thought Mr. P ., and the moment he could get away he went on a little trip to the Dismal Swamp . There he found Nature — there was primevality indeed ! An instantaneous rapport took place between his feelings and the scene ; of which the delicious loveliness can be imagined from this picture . TREES WATER . As he slowly floated along the shingle canal , from Suffolk to the “ Dismal , ” what raptures filled his soul ! Here , in the recesses of that solemn mixture of trees and water , which they were rapidly approaching , he could commune with his own soul , as it were . Mr. P. had never communed with his own soul , as it were , though he knew it must be a nice thing , because he had read so much about it . So he determined to try it . It was a delightful anticipation — like scenting a new fancy drink . But his reflections were rudely interrupted . The men who propelled the scow which Mr. P. had chartered , had not pushed it more than four or five miles into the mystic recesses of the Swamp , when they suddenly stopped with a cry of “ Breakers ahead ! ” Mr. P. rushed to the bow , and there he beheld two doleful heads just peering above the waters of the narrow canal . He started back in amazement . He thought , at first , that they were Naiads — ( they could not be Dryads ) — or some other watery spirits of these wilds . But he soon saw that they were nothing of the kind . It was only Messrs. SCHENCK , of Ohio , and KELLEY , of Pennsylvania , and through the limpid water it was easy to see that each of them was endeavoring to raise a sunken log from the bottom . Illustration “ Why , what in the world are you doing here ? ” cried Mr. P . Mr. SCHENCK , of Ohio , looked up sadly , and , dropping his log upon the bottom , stood upon it , and thus replied : “ You may well be surprised , Mr. PUNCHINELLO , but we are here for the public good . We have reason to suspect , that , following the example of the Chinese Opium-smugglers , the vile traitors who are trying to break down our iron interests have smuggled quantities of scrap — iron into this country , and it is our belief that these sunken logs have been bored and are full of it . ” At this Mr. P. laughed right out . “ Oh , you may laugh if you please ! ” cried SCHENCK , of Ohio , “ and perhaps you can tell me why these logs are so heavy — why they lie here at the bottom instead of floating — why — ” but at this instant he slipped from the log on which he was standing , and with a splash and a bubbling , he disappeared . The men who were pushing the scow thought this an admirable opportunity to pass on , and shouting to KELLEY , of Pennsylvania , to bob his head , the gallant bark floated safely over these enthusiastic conservators of our iron interests . Although diverted for a time by this incident , a shadow soon began to spread itself gradually over the mind of Mr. P. Was there , then , no place where the subtle influence of man did not spread itself like a noxious gas ?— Where , oh , where ! could one commune with his own soul , as it were ? At length they reached Lake Drummond , that placid pool in the somnolent shades , and Mr. P. put up at the house of a melancholy man , with a fur cap , who lived in a cabin on the edge of the lonely water . For supper they had catfish , and perch , and trout , and seven-up , and euchre , and poker , and when the meal was over Mr. P. went out for a moonlight row upon the lake . He had to make the most of his time , for it would take him so long to get back to Nassau street , you know . He had not paddled his scow more than half an hour over the dark but moon-streaked waters of the lake , when he met with the maiden who , all night long , by her firefly lamp , doth paddle her light canoe . This estimable female steered her bark alongside the scow , and to the startled Mr. P. she said : “ Have you my tickets ? ” Illustration “ Tickets ! ” cried Mr. P. “ Me ?— tickets ? What tickets ? ” “ Why , one ticket , of course , on the Norfolk , Petersburg and Richmond line ; and a through ticket from Richmond to New York , by way of Fredericksburg and Washington . What other tickets could I mean ? ” “ I know nothing about them , ” said Mr. P .; “ and what can you possibly want with railroad tickets ? ” “ Oh , I am going to leave here , ” said she . “ Indeed ! ” cried Mr. P. “ Going to leave here — this lake ; this swamp ; this firefly lamp ? To leave this spot , rendered sacred to your woes by the poem of the gifted MOORE — ” “ No more ! ” cried she . “ I 'm tired of hearing everybody that comes to this pond a-singin ’ that doleful song . ” “ That is to say , ” said Mr. P ., with a smile , “ if your canoe is birch , you are Sycamore . ” “ That 's so , ” she gravely grunted . “ But tell me , ” said Mr. P ., “ where in the world can you be going ? ” At this the maiden took a straw , and ramming it down the chimney of her lamp , stirred up the flies until they glittered like dollar jewelry . Then she chanted , in plaintive , tones , the following legend : “ Three women came , one moonlight night , And tempted me away . They said , ‘ No longer on this lake , Good maiden , must you stay . We 're SUSAN A. and ANNA D ., And LUCY S. also , And what a lone female can do We want the world to know . No better instance can we give , Oh , Indian maid ! than you , How woman can , year after year . Paddle her own canoe . ’ ” “ Just so , ” said Mr. P ., “ but do n't you think that as you are — that is to say — that not being of corporeal substance — by which I mean having been so long departed , as it were ; or , to speak more plainly — ” “ Oh , yes ! I know .— Dead , you mean , ” said the maiden . “ But that makes no difference . They 'll be glad enough of a ghost of an example . ” “ Yes , yes , ” said Mr. P. “ And yet their cause is good enough . I do n't see why they should make up — ” He would have said more , but turning , he saw that the Indian maid , despairing of her tickets , had gone . The next day Mr. P. went home himself . He communed with his own soul , as it were , for a little while , and has no doubt it did him a deal of good . But it would take so long to get back to his office , you see . As a cheap watering place , where there are no fancy drives or fancy horses ; no club-houses ; no big hotels ; no gay company ; nor anything to tempt a man to sacrifice health and money in the empty pursuit of pleasure , Mr. P. begs to recommend the Dismal Swamp . If he knew of any other watering place of which as much might be said , he would mention it — but he do n't . NOTES FROM CHICAGO . “ In the spring a young man 's fancies lightly turn to thoughts of Love , ” and Picnics — and this is the time for them ; consequently , the attention of the Western public is turned thoroughly and religiously to what may be considered as one of the most important results of civilization and refinement . We ( the Western public ) regard picnics as highly advantageous to health and beauty , promoting social sympathy and high-toned alimentiveness , advancing the interests of the community and the ultimate welfare of the nation . In the first place , they are the means , working indirectly , but surely , of encouraging the domestic virtues and affections , the peace and harmony of families , because on these festive occasions , the lunch is the most striking and attractive feature , and , in order to obtain this in its highest perfection , the culinary abilities of the lady participants are necessarily called into action — those talents which have fallen somewhat into disrepute , notwithstanding Professor BLOT 'S magnanimous efforts to restore the glories of the once honored culinary art . Therefore a picnic may be considered as a great moral agency in promoting domestic happiness ; for what is so likely to touch the heart and arouse the slumbering sensibility of a husband and father , as a roast of beef done to a charm , or an omelette soufflee presenting just that sublime tint of yellowness which can only be attained by means of the most delicate refinement and discrimination ? No other attention , however flattering , is so soon recognised , or gratefully appreciated . After one of these innocent festivals has been fully decided upon , then we always select a day when gathering clouds predict , most unmistakeably , a coming storm , because , what would a picnic be without some excitement of this kind ? A pudding minus the sauce , a sandwich without the mustard , a joke without the point . What pleasure could there be in a dry picnic ? Ladies never appear to such excellent advantage , never are so utterly bewitching , as when , with light summer dresses bedraggled and dirty , they cling helplessly to their protectors , or run in frantic haste to some place of shelter — for it is only when a woman ( or a gentle bovine ) runs , that the poetry of motion is fully realized . Then the gentlemen ! Under what circumstances are they ever so chivalric as during a pouring rain , when , wet to the skin , they assist the faintly-shrieking beauties over the mud puddles , and hold umbrellas tenderly above chignons and uncrimping crimps ! To be sure they do not often act as Sir WALTER RALEIGH did , but then they do not wear velvet cloaks , and what would be the wit of throwing a piece of broadcloth or white linen into the mud ? We have champagne picnics , lemonade and cold water picnics , and some , which , although they cannot be classed under the head of hot water , still manage , before they are through , to get all the participants into it . We have widows ’ and widowers ’ picnics , a kind of reunion for the encouragement of mutual consolation , where , meandering through green fields and under nodding boughs , they can talk or muse upon the virtues of the “ dear departed , ” and the probable merits of the “ coming man , ” or woman . Then the anti-matrimonials have theirs , too , always exceedingly select , where the men look frightened , and the women indignant , and which partakes somewhat of the character of a Methodist prayer-meeting , the gentlemen all clinging to each other as if for protection , evidently in bodily fear of another Sabine expedition , with the order of the programme , however , a little reversed in regard to the two sexes . The Sanitary department also indulges in a little treat of this kind , and in such a case , it becomes really a duty . After guarding the city 's health for so long a time , after sternly following up Scarlet-fevers , Small-poxes , and Ship-plagues , and driving them forth from their chosen haunts , it certainly needs to look after its own constitution a little , and sharpen , by country airs and odors , the powers probably deteriorated amid the noxious vapors of city alleys and by-ways . The Teachers ’ Institute , too , looking at the thing physiologically , psychologically , and phrenologically , after mature deliberation , conclude to descend to a little harmless amusement , contriving , however , to mingle some instructive elements with the frivolous ones that less enlightened spirits delight in . For instance , the flowers , that are truly the “ alphabet of angels ” to the simple souls that love the violets and daisies for their own sweet sakes , offer a very different alphabet to the “ Schoolma'ams ” and Professors . They are no longer flowers , but specimens , each bud and blossom pleading in vain for life , as ruthless fingers coolly dissect them to discover whether they are poly or mollyandria . And what an ignoramus you must be , if you do not know that a balloon-vine is a Cardiospernum Halicactum . The “ feast ” on these occasions is that “ of reason ” alone , encyclopedias and dictionaries being all the nourishment required , although a stray bottle here and there might hint at “ the flow ” of a little something beside “ soul . ” Then there are the Good Templars ’ picnics , where “ water , cold water for me , for me , ” is supposed to be the sentiment of every heart , mixing the beverage sometimes , however , with a little innocent tea , or coffee ; and the Masonic festivals , where pretty white aprons and silver fringes , shining amid green dells and vales , present quite a picturesque and imposing appearance ; and the Fenians , looking sometimes greener than the haunts they are seeking . Then every distinct and individual Sunday-school in the city has a picnic , which it would be well to attend , if you are anxious to see the diversities and eccentricities of youthful appetites fearfully illustrated .— When the loaves and fishes were distributed , there could not have been many growing boys present .— And beside these , the family picnics , most cosy little affairs , represented by one big fat man , one delicate-faced woman , one maiden-aunt , four graduated boys , and five graduated girls , all piled into one big fat carriage , drawn by two big fat horses . But it is the Germans who take the palm , and here language fails , though beer does n't . COMIC ZOOLOGY . GENUS SQUALUS — THE SHARK . Linnaeus classifies the Sharks as the Squalidae family , and they are , upon the whole , as unpleasant a family as a Squalid Castaway would desire to meet with in a Squall . They are all carnivorous , cartilaginous , and cantankerous . No fish culturist , from St. ANTHONY to SETH GREEN , has thought it worth while to take them in hand , with the view of reforming them , and their Vices are as objectionable now as they were three thousand years ago . If a sailor falls overboard , the Contiguous Shark considers it a casus belli , and immediately makes a pitch at the tar , with the intention of putting itself outside of him . Failing in that , it generally shears off a limb before it sheers away . Herds of sharks instinctively follow fever-ships , and when the dead are thrown into the sea , are seen by the seamen in the shrouds , ready to perform the office of Undertakers . In the vicinity of the Trades , they sometimes lie under the counters of merchantmen for days together . Nothing comes amiss to them , from a midshipman to a marrow-bone , and it may be interesting to politicians to know that Repeaters and Rings have occasionally been found in the maws of these monsters . They bite readily at “ Salt horse , ” and , when hooked with a rattan in throat , may be yanked on board with the bight of a hawser . An enormous specimen sometimes gets caught in a forecastle yarn . In this case , never interfere with the thread of the narrative by asking impertinent questions , however difficult it may be to hoist it in . Sharks abound at Newport , Long Branch , Cape May , and other watering-places , at this season of the year , and many victims are seized there by the Legs . The Bottle-Nose Shark is to be found in every harbor — generally in the vicinity of the Bar . He may be known from the other varieties by the redness of his gills . He is often seen disporting himself among the Shallows , but is usually too Deep to be pulled up . White Sharks are frequently observed hovering about emigrant ships in the vicinity of the Battery , and the Blue Shark is now and then hauled up as far North as Mulberry Street , while trying , as it were , to get on the other side of JOURDAN . In China , nobody objects to take the fin of a Shark , but in this country , when a Shark extends his fin to an honest man , it is always rejected with contempt . This voracious creature is common both in the Temperate and Torrid Zones . It has , in fact , no particular habitat , but is found in Diver 's places in almost every latitude . STAY-AT-HOME PEOPLE . WHAT 'S THE USE OF GOING TO THE EXPENSE OF A VISIT TO NIAGARA FALLS , WHEN SUCH A GRAND SHOWER-BATH AS THIS CAN BE EXTEMPORIZED IN THE GARDEN ?] A MOTLEY MELODY . AIR : OLD MOTHER HUBBARD . Feast-loving MOTLEY Over a bottle he Quite overlooks Uncle SAM . He asks not for chink , So JOHN BULL , with a wink , “ Alabama ” proclaims All a bam . When he goes to State dinners to fill out his skin , Amor Patriae leaks out as the turtle goes in . When he hob-nobs with ministers — capital sport — All our losses at Sea he condoneth in Port . When by Britons soft-soaped , he 's delighted to lave In the lather that 's only laid on for a shave . When to Downing street called , with a bow and a scrape He accepts , in the place of hard dollars , red tape . When a guest at the table of London 's Lord Mayor , He Tables our Claim while addressing the Chair . And whenever he mingles with transmarine nobs He is always the PRINCE OF AMERICAN SNOBS . “ SWALLOW , SWALLOW , ” ETC . THE inevitable “ enormous gooseberry ” of the provincial newspaper “ local ” has made its appearance . It is smaller than usual , being only three inches in circumference ; but that is a great advantage to persons desirous of swallowing it . TO WHOM IT MAY BE INTERESTING . AMONG the Japanese students in Rutger 's College , there is one who revels in the very suggestive name of HASHI-GUTCHI . Keepers of cheap boarding-houses are warned against harboring that young man . LETTER FROM A JAPANESE STUDENT . MR. PUNCHINELLO :— I knowee you , but you no knowee me . My name SOOGIWOORA . I Japanee young mans friend of Tycoon , great ruler . I read muchee your paper . Sometimes it makee me laugh — sometimes cry . We have also much funee mans in Japan . I come here with other Japanee young mans to your college , what you call RUTGER 'S , for learn to be great statesman , for study — how you call — logeec and diplomacee , to makee treatee . Much I readee your treatees and your policy much astudee . How too much I can admire your great statesmans . Your SEWARD , he great American mans , he gainee much territoree to the United States . He also payee much for it . No gettee much in return . No matter . Americans rich peoples . They tella me Alaska too cold . Japanee mans no could live there then . Much snow and ice , big rocks , and — what you call — Fur Trees . How that ? Fur no grow on tree in Japan . Strange ting . Muchee animal they say — what you call — walrus there . Perhaps Whale . That makee me to tink of Mr. FEESH . He is deep , that FEESH . So deep I no can understand hims . They tella me much other peoples no can understand hims too . He makee much policee with his Foreign Relations . I ask a much people to tella me who are his Foreign Relations . They laugh great deal and tella me Spain and General PRIM . No knowee Spain countree in Japan . I no tink it much of a countree , no havee muchee — how you call — Commerce . One ting puzzle me great deal . Here much freedom . Sometimes I tink , too much . But that Island — how you call it — Cuba . People tella me Spain cruel to that island . Now I read muchee in the speeches and — how you call — State papers , of great American mans , that your government is friend of — what you call ‘ ems — two awfully hard word — Inglees very hard — Stop ! I go get book — O , now I have hims — Oppressed Nationalities . Now , you lettee Spain buy — what you call — gunboats and big guns and powder and balls for shoot , but you no lettee Cuba buy . I ask some peoples how that is . They tella me Nootrality . Funny ting , Nootrality . Fraid Japanee mans stoopid , no can understand hims now . Never mind . Learn bimeby . Anoder ting . I no hear any one say General GRANT great mans . Only say he go muchee to clam bake , go fishee and much smokee . Dat 's all . Why you makee him you ruler then ? Because that he so much smokee ? Tings much different here from Japan . Tycoon or Mikado no go clam bake , no go fishee . Stay at home and govern Japanee . No time go fishee . Only smoke opium sometimes . Why General GRANT no smokee opium too ? Good ting for Japanee trade . Since that I arrivee here much peoples aska me about hari-kari . One mans he aska me if that what Japanee mans eat . I laugh great deal , and tella him Japanee mans much prefer bird nest soup and shark fin . Then he laugh much great deal too . Why ? The other day I tread on Professor mans foot . He old mans , much fat , with red nose and — how you call — gout . He swear one little swear , but no much loud , and look much ‘ fended . I say him , “ No be ‘ fended , ” and proposee him hari-kari for — how you call — satisfaction . He much sprise , and say , “ What hari-kari ? ” Then I tella hims that he should rip him ups and then I rip me ups — so . So Japanee mans do when not satisfy . Then he laugh much great deal , say he no ‘ fended , much satisfy , and shakee hands . People here much friendly . Often say “ Go drinkee with me . ” I say them I no go drinkee . They aska me “ why not ? ” I say them Japanee man no want go talkee to lamp-post , shakee hands with pump , and try for makee light him cigar with door-key . So it make American man do . Drinkee no good for Japanee mans . Japanee TOMMY too much fond — what you call — cobblers . TOMMY bad boy . Got drunks . Him kill . Some American mans too much questions askee . Want know too much . We have wild animal in Japan — what you call — Boar . We much fearee him . Run away when come . So I fearee and run away when come mans that too much questions ask . One ting puzzle me much . For why you call your money shinplaster ? I no can tell , unless that he walk away so fast . SOOGIWOORA A. T. Stewart & Co . Offer an Immense Job Lot of Various DRESS GOODS , At 12-1 / 2 cents per yard , VIZ : PLAIN AND PLAID POPLINS , Mozambiques , Printed Alpaca Lusters , FINEST QUALITY AND CHOICEST COLORS , BROCHE GRENADINES , & c ., & c . OTHER DESCRIPTIONS PROPORTIONATELY LOW . THE GREATEST BARGAINS YET OFFERED . The above will be exhibited in the center section on the Fourth Avenue side . The Residents of our Neighboring Cities are Respectfully INVITED TO EXAMINE . BROADWAY , 4th Avenue , 9th and 10th Streets . A. T. STEWART & Co . Are Offering 100 PIECES HEAVY GROS GRAIN STRIPED SILKS , At $ 1. 25 and $ 1. 50 per yard ; former price $ 2 and $ 2. 50 . Also , CHECKED , STRIPED , AND BROCHE POPLINETTES , IN LIGHT AND DARK SHADES , 50 cents per yard ; wholesale price , $ 1 . A LARGE JOB LOT OF RICH SILKS , From 75 cents per yard upward . ROUBAIX SILKS , Wide , Reduced to $ 1. 25 per yard . REAL CHAMBRAY GAUZES , Only 75 cents . The above prices have been made to suit the times , and to induce Customers to purchase . BROADWAY , 4th Avenue , 9th and 10th Streets A. T. STEWART & CO . Will continue to offer novelties in Linen . Lawn , Pique , and Organdie Suits , suitable for Street and Evening Wear . THE BALANCE OF THEIR Paris and Domestic Made Silk , Organdie and Tulle DRESSES , A LITTLE OUT OF ORDER , AT PRICES LESS THAN ONE HALF THEIR ORIGINAL COST , BROADWAY , 4th Ave ., 9th and 10th Sts . A. T. Stewart & Co . ARE OFFERING EVERY VARIETY OF LADIES ’ AND GENTLEMEN 'S FURNISHING GOODS , UNDERWEAR , HOSIERY , GLOVES , PARASOLS , UMBRELLAS , LINEN SHIRTS , COLLARS , CUFFS , & c ., & c . AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES . BROADWAY , 4TH AVE ., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS . PUNCHINELLO . The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2 , 1870 . The Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever published in America . CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL . Subscription for one year , ( with $ 200 premium ,) $ 4. 00 " " six months , ( without premium ,) 2. 00 " " three months , " " 1. 00 Single copies mailed free , for 10 We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO 'S CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows : A copy of paper for one year , and “ The Awakening , ” ( a Litter of Puppies .) Half chromo . Size 8 3-8 by 11 1-8 ($ 2. 00 picture ,) for $ 4. 00 A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $ 3. 00 chromos : Wild Roses . 12-1 / 8 x 9 . Dead Game . 11-1 / 8 x 8-5 / 8 . Easter Morning 6-3 / 4 x 10-1 / 4 for $ 5. 00 . A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $ 5. 00 chromos : Group of Chickens ; Group of Ducklings ; Group of Quails . Each 10 x 12-1 / 8 . The Poultry Yard . 10-1 / 8 x 14 . The Barefoot Boy ; Wild Fruit . Each 9-3 / 4 x 13 . Pointer and Quail ; Spaniel and Woodcock . 10 x 12 for $ 6. 50 A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $ 6. 00 chromos : The Baby in Trouble ; The Unconscious Sleeper ; The Two Friends . ( Dog and Child .) Each 13 x 16-1 / 4 . Spring ; Summer ; Autumn ; 12-7 / 8 x 16-1 / 8 The Kid 's Play Ground . 11 x 17-1 / 2 for $ 7. 00 A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $ 7. 50 chromos : Strawberries and Baskets . Cherries and Baskets . Currants . Each 13x18 . Horses in a Storm . 22-1 / 4 x 15-1 / 4 . Six Central Park Views . ( A set .) 9-1 / 8 x 4-1 / 2 for $ 8. 00 A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes . ( A set .) 4-3 / 8 x 9 , price $ 9. 00 for $ 9. 00 A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $ 10 chromos : Sunset in California . ( Bierstadt .) 18-1 / 8 x 12 Easter Morning . 14 x 21 . Corregio 's Magdalen . 12-1 / 2 x 16-3 / 8 . Summer Fruit , and Autumn Fruit . ( Half chromos ,) 15-1 / 2 x 10-1 / 2 , ( companions , price $ 10. 00 for the two ) , for $ 10. 00 . Remittances should be made in P. 0 . Orders , Drafts , or Bank Checks on New York , or Registered letters . The paper will be sent from the first number , ( April 2d , 1870 ,) when not otherwise ordered . Postage of paper is payable at the office where received , twenty cents per year , or five cents per quarter , in advance ; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of money . CANVASSERS WANTED , to whom liberal commissions will be given . For special terms address the Company . The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of seeing the paper before subscribing , for SIXTY CENTS . A specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or getting up a club , on receipt of postage stamp . Address , PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO ., P. O . Box 2783 . No . 83 Nassau Street , New York . Sidewalk Dealer . “ BUY A FINE-TOOTH COMB , MISTER — IT 'LL KEEP YOUR HAT SMOOTH . ” “ The Printing House of the United States . ” GEO . F. NESBITT & CO ., General JOB PRINTERS , BLANK BOOK Manufacturers , STATIONERS Wholesale and Retail , LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers , COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers , CARD Manufacturers , ENVELOPE Manufacturers , FINE CUT and COLOR Printers . 163 , 165 , 167 , and 169 PEARL ST ., 73 , 75 , 77 , and 79 PINE ST ., New-York . ADVANTAGES . —> All on the same premises , and under immediate supervision of the proprietors . TO NEWS-DEALERS . PUNCHINELLO 'S MONTHLY . The Weekly Numbers for June , Bound in a Handsome Cover , Is now ready . Price Fifty Cents . THE TRADE Supplied by the AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY , Who are now prepared to receive Orders . PRANG 'S CHROMOS are celebrated for their close resemblance to Oil Paintings . sold in all Art and Bookstores throughout the world . PRANG 'S LATEST CHROMOS : “ Flowers of Hope , ” “ Flowers of Memory . ” Illustrated Catalogues sent free on receipt of stamp . L. PRANG & CO ., Boston PUNCHINELLO . With a large and varied experience in the management and publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted , and with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital to justify the undertaking , the PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO . OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK , Presents to the public for approval , the new ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL WEEKLY PAPER , PUNCHINELLO , The first number of which was issued under date of April 2 . ORIGINAL ARTICLES , Suitable for the paper , and Original Designs , or suggestive ideas or sketches for illustrations , upon the topics of the day , are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally . Rejected communications cannot be returned , unless postage stamps are inclosed . TERMS : One copy , per year , in advance $ 4 00 Single copies 10 A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten cents . One copy , with the Riverside Magazine , or any other magazine or paper , price $ 2. 50 , for 5 50 One copy , with any magazine or paper , price , $ 4 , for 7 00 All communications , remittances , etc ., to be addressed to PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO ., No . 83 Nassau Street , P. O . Box , 2783 , New York . THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD . The New Burlesque Serial , Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO , BY ORPHEUS C. KERR , Commenced in No . 11 , will be continued weekly throughout the year . A sketch of the eminent author , written by his bosom friend , with superb illustrations of 1ST . THE AUTHOR 'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD 'S HILL , TICKNOR 'S FIELDS , NEW JERSEY . 2D . THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE , taken as he appears “ Every Saturday , ” will also be found in the same number . Single Copies , for sale by all newsmen , ( or mailed from this office , free ,) Ten Cents . Subscription for One Year , one copy , with $ 2 Chromo Premium , $ 4 . Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new serial , which promises to be the best ever written by ORPHEUS C. KERR , should subscribe now , to insure its regular receipt weekly . We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any one who wishes to see them , in view of subscribing , on the receipt of SIXTY CENTS . Address , PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY , P. O . Box 2783 . 83 Nassau . St ., New York . Geo . W. Wheat , Printer , No . 8 Spruce Street .