AMERICAN MISSIONARY APRIL , 1890 . VOL . XLIV . NO . 4 . CONTENTS EDITORIAL REMOVAL — REV . FRANK P. WOODBURY , D. D . INDIAN CIVILIZATION — EMIGRATION OF COLORED PEOPLE A COMPARISON THE STEREOPTICON IN NEW ENGLAND MRS. JANE TWICHELL WARE — PARAGRAPHS AN ENTERPRISING WOMAN THE SOUTH . DEDICATION OF CHANDLER NORMAL INSTITUTE CONGREGATIONALISM AROUND PARIS , TEXAS MISSION CHURCH — PROSPEROUS CHURCH THE WHITE CROSS LEAGUE BEREA AND TEMPERANCE — “ BECCA MUST GO ” THE INDIANS . STREAKS OF LIGHT — ELIZABETH WINYAN AN EXEMPLARY MOTHER THE CHINESE . TWO CHINESE ANNIVERSARIES ADDRESS . A COLORED MAN SPEAKS FOR HIS RACE REV . GEO . M. MCCLELLAN BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . PARAGRAPHS NOVEL DISH — MANY-SIDED WORK WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS RECEIPTS . NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION , Bible House , Ninth St. and Fourth Ave ., New York . Price , 50 Cents a Year , in Advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York , N. Y ., as second-class matter . American Missionary Association . PRESIDENT , Rev . WM . M. TAYLOR , D. D ., LL. D ., N. V . Vice-Presidents . Rev . A. J. F . BEHRENDS , D. D ., N. Y. Rev . ALEX . McKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . Rev . F. A . NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. Rev . D. O . MEARS , D. D ., Mass . Rev . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . Corresponding Secretaries . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Rev . A. F . BEARD , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. Rev . F. P . WOODBURY , D. D ., Bible House . N. Y . Recording Secretary . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Treasurer . H. W . HUBBARD , Esq ., Bible House , N. Y . Auditors . PETER McCARTEE . CHAS . P. PEIRCE . Executive Committee . JOHN H. WASHBURN , Chairman . ADDISON P. FOSTER , Secretary . For Three Years . S. B . HALLIDAY , SAMUEL HOLMES , SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , ELBERT B. MONROE . For Two Years . J. E . RANKIN , WM . H. WARD , J. W . COOPER , JOHN H. WASHBURN , EDMUND L. CHAMPLIN . For One Year . LYMAN ABBOTT , CHAS . A . HULL , CLINTON B. FISK , ADDISON P. FOSTER ALBERT J. LYMAN . District Secretaries . Rev . C. J . RYDER , 21 Cong'l House , Boston , Mass . Rev . J. E . ROY , D. D ., 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill. Rev . C. W . HIATT , 64 Euclid Ave ., Cleveland , Ohio . Financial Secretary for Indian Missions . Rev . CHAS . W. SHELTON . Secretary of Woman 's Bureau . Miss D. E . EMERSON , Bible House , N. Y . COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office ; letters relating to the finances , to the Treasurer . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post-office orders , may be sent to H. W . Hubbard , Treasurer , Bible House , New York , or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill ., or 64 Euclid Ave ., Cleveland , Ohio . A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a Life Member . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS .— The date on the “ address label , ” indicates the time to which the subscription is paid . Changes are made in date on label to the 10th of each month . If payment of subscription be made afterward , the change on the label will appear a month later . Please send early notice of change in post-office address , giving the former address and the new address , in order that our periodicals and occasional papers may be correctly mailed . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I BEQUEATH to my executor ( or executors ) the sum of —— dollars , in trust , to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person who , when the same is payable shall act as Treasurer of the ‘ American Missionary Association , ’ of New York City , to be applied , under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association , to its charitable uses and purposes . ” The Will should be attested by three witnesses . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . VOL . XLIV . APRIL , 1890 . No . 4 . American Missionary Association REMOVAL . The Rooms of the American Missionary Association are now in the Bible House , New York City . Correspondents will please address us accordingly . Visitors will find our Rooms on the sixth floor of the Bible House , corner Ninth Street and Fourth Avenue ; entrance by elevator on Ninth Street . REV . FRANK P. WOODBURY , D. D . It gives us great pleasure to announce the acceptance by Rev . Frank P. Woodbury , D. D ., of the position of Corresponding Secretary of this Association . Since the death of our dear Brother Powell , with the large increase of special resources and the general expansion of our work , an addition to our administrative force has become an absolute necessity . Dr. Woodbury brings to his new position special qualifications . His eighteen years of successful work in his pastorate at Rockford , Ill ., and his very effective two years ’ service in Minneapolis , have made him acquainted with the work of a pastor and the needs of the churches . In these pastorates , and in other services for the general interests of the church , he has shown exceptional administrative gifts . These will find ample range for activity in the Secretaryship . His public address at several of our own Annual Meetings and on many other similar occasions , attest his power as a platform speaker . He will meet with a warm welcome to the duties of this office , and we are confident that he will receive an equally cordial greeting in the churches , Conferences and Associations . INDIAN CIVILIZATION — NOW FOR A PUSH FORWARD . The time has come for new vigor in the Indian service . Gen. Morgan has been confirmed as Indian Commissioner , and his broad and well-matured plans are ready to be put into operation . We hope that Congress will make the necessary appropriations , and that nothing will hinder the multiplication of Indian schools and the ingathering of pupils . With the Sioux Indians , a great crisis has come . Their reservation is severed , and a broad belt is opened in it for the incoming of the white man . There will , of course , be the rush and confusion of new settlers , with the almost inevitable demoralization of the Indians . But a still more serious and protracted evil will grow out of the conflict of the two races and the temptations to the Indians . If ever the friends of the Sioux Indians needed to bestir themselves , it is just now . The helping hand , the open school and the sanctifying Gospel , must forestall all bad influences . So far as the work of the American Missionary Association is concerned , the opening of this reservation to white settlement will necessitate the removal of five or six of its out-stations , occasioning spiritual loss and additional money appropriations . While we hail with satisfaction the inauguration of Gen. Morgan 's broad plans , we feel that there should not be the least relaxation on the part of the churches , in the “ contract schools ” and in the preaching of the gospel . From John Eliot down , the gospel has been the great civilizing power among the Indians , and it will be a fatal mistake to withhold it . If the new Government policy is successful , the gospel is its essential adjunct , and if there should be hindrances in carrying out that policy , the steady stream of gospel influences will be all the more necessary . EMIGRATION OF COLORED PEOPLE . We have seen a large map of a Southern railroad , on one side of which were some highly-colored pictures . The first showed the tumble-down cabin of a colored man , himself , wife and boy carrying from it their few belongings to the favored land of promise . The next picture shows him and his family in the woods in his new location , getting ready to build his house . The third picture represents a fine log house , with green fields well fenced , a mule and pigs and chickens in the yard ; and the last picture presents a large frame house with a veranda , in which the colored man is seated in a large arm-chair , reading a magazine , and his wife sitting by his side in a rocking chair , while near at hand is the capacious barn , with mules grazing in the adjacent lot . By the side of each picture is a running comment , supposed to be made by the colored man himself , describing his hard lot ‘ where he first lived , then telling of his purchase in the new land of promise , stating the price and the terms of purchase ; then follows his happy rejoicing over his new location , and finally his triumphant joy in his wealth and fine mansion . It is by such representations , we are told , that the colored people in various parts of the South are tempted to leave their homes for new locations . The experience of those of their number who have made such migrations has not usually been encouraging , and we fear that thousands more will acquire a good deal of bitter knowledge learned in that same expensive school . A COMPARISON . The French and the Negro . A writer in the March number of The Forum has drawn a vivid picture of France in its poverty , misery and tyranny in 1789 , and contrasted with this the thrift , the improved land culture , and the better clothing , food , home and intelligence of the French peasantry of 1889 . The Revolution of 1789 broke the tyranny of the old crushing regime and opened the way for the new world that brightens and gladdens the France of to-day . But the Revolution did not itself make the great change ; it simply made it possible . Two factors developed in French character were the practical forces in the new prosperity — economy and the desire for ownership of lands and homes . That economy was pushed , in many cases , almost to the extreme of miserly hoarding . We give below a few brief extracts illustrating the point in question : “ The life led by a comfortable English or American farmer would represent wicked waste and shameful indulgence to a much richer French peasant . I , myself , know a laborer on wages of less than twenty shillings a week , who by thrift has bought ten acres of the magnificent garden land between Fontainebleau and the Seine , worth many thousand pounds , on which grow all kinds of fruits and vegetables , and the famous dessert grapes ; yet who , with all his wealth and abundance , denies himself and his two children meat on Sundays , and even a drink of the wine which he grows and makes for the market . ” “ The French peasant has great virtues , but he has the defects of his virtues , and his home life is far from idyllic . He is laborious , shrewd , enduring , frugal , self-reliant , sober , honest and capable of intense self-control for a distant reward ; but that reward is property in land , in pursuit of which he may become as pitiless as a bloodhound . ” “ Take him for all in all , he is a strong and noteworthy force in modern civilization . Though his country has not the vast mineral wealth of England , nor her gigantic development in manufactures and in commerce , he has made France one of the richest , most solid , most progressive countries on earth . He is quite as frugal and patient as the German , and is far more ingenious and skillful . He has not the energy of the Englishman , or the elastic spring of the American , but he is far more saving and much more provident . He ‘ wastes nothing , and spends little , ’ and thus , since his country comes next to England and America in natural resources and national energy , he has built up one of the strongest , most self-contained and most durable of modern peoples . ” A very significant parallel is presented in these two pictures to one that may be drawn between the Negro of 1861 and the Negro of 1961 . The Civil War corresponded to the Revolution in France . It broke the fetters of the slave , and made his future a possibility . If , now , the Negro will fill out the beautiful picture in imitation of the French peasant , he must imitate him in rigid economy and in the ambition to own his own land and his own home . We do not of course advise the penuriousness of the miser , but the Negro is in little danger on that score . The grandest impulse , even in economy and in obtaining property , is found in a genuine Christian character . This is the work that our ministers and teachers are endeavoring to accomplish , but we are sure It will aid them to urge this practical saving of money , curtailing of needless expense , and the making of most determined efforts to become owners of their own homes . THE STEREOPTICON IN NEW ENGLAND . REV . STANLEY E. LATHROP , SHERWOOD , TENN . Secretary Roy of Chicago started an excellent thing when he arranged the Stereopticon pictures to illustrate the great work of our Association . After two months spent in traveling with these pictures and giving explanatory lectures concerning them , the writer desires to testify to their usefulness , and to express his thanks to the good people of New England for the interest they have shown , and the cordial reception they have given him in his travels . Evidently the work of the Association is “ on a boom ” in New England . Everywhere a great many questions were asked , and great many expressions of hearty interest manifested . During eight weeks , the audiences averaged over four hundred in number , in spite of “ la grippe ” and the rainy , sloppy weather that prevailed . In this time we traveled over five thousand miles , giving the Stereopticon lecture in forty-three different places , and making twenty-three other addresses upon the work , to audiences numbering in several cases nearly a thousand , and a total aggregate of over twenty-five thousand people . The descendants of the Pilgrims are thoroughly interested in our missionary work . The pictures of the people , buildings , etc ., among the ten millions of people among whom our work is going on , in the West and South , were greatly enjoyed , with an evident increase of interest and of contribution . In view of all my past experiences , of four years of military service in the South , and my twelve years of missionary work in that region , this two months of travel and intercourse with so many intelligent friends and helpers of our Association has been a privilege and an enjoyment . God bless the good people of New England , and the grand work of our American Missionary Association ! MRS. JANE TWICHELL WARE . The early and honored workers under the American Missionary Association in the South are passing away . But the sharp sorrow of parting from them is relieved by the memory of their self-denying and useful work , and especially where these dear friends threw over those dark days and trying experiences the halo of personal excellence , sweetness of disposition and a manner full of cheerful vivacity . Such an one was Mrs. Ware . She entered the service among the Freedmen in the autumn of 1865 , and in Norfolk , Virginia ; Charleston , South Carolina ; and Atlanta , Georgia , cast the radiance of her bright countenance and cheerful spirits over her serious and most successful work . She was a joy in the circle of her associates and an inspiration to her pupils . In 1869 , the year in which the Atlanta University was founded , she was united in marriage to Rev . E. A . Ware , its President , and they with others gave the moulding touch to the University , and won for it the confidence of the friends at the North , and an annual appropriation from the State of Georgia . In her own pleasant home and in various services to the institution , she made herself useful . In 1885 her husband died suddenly from heart failure , and from that time onward she was left to face alone the serious pulmonary trouble which two years before had fastened itself upon her . Bravely and in hope did she battle with the adversary , until at length in the home of her brother , Rev . Jos . H. Twichell , of Hartford , she passed away February 17 , 1890 , in the forty-sixth year of her age , and her remains were laid to rest among her kindred in the village burying ground at Plantsville , Connecticut . A bright light has faded out from earth , a brighter one has dawned in Heaven . PARAGRAPHS . The mention of the fact , in the last number of the MISSIONARY , that Dr. Patton was one of the members of the Convention in Albany that formed the American Missionary Association , suggests the inquiry as to how many of those then present are now alive ? If those who know the facts , either by their personal presence on that occasion or otherwise , will send to us the names of such survivors , we will be greatly obliged . An envelope containing a gift of five dollars was dropped into the contribution bag recently among others , after an address concerning our work . It was from a faithful colored woman who had spent her life in domestic service , and represented as true and earnest self-denial as money could . Not all the heroism and self-sacrifice are in the field work , among the missionaries of our great Association , as true and earnest as they are . There is the same spirit of devotion to the Master in the collecting field . We thank God for it , and take courage to go forward in this work of saving these destitute millions in our land . “ I enclose a draft for fifty dollars to be used by the American Missionary Association in such way as they think wilt do the most good . I am in my ninety-first year but when I read of the doings of the Association in Chicago , it made me feel almost young . My prayer to God is that he will continue his blessing on the Association . ” In the February number of the MISSIONARY , mention is made of a beautiful box , the workmanship of a friend of the Association , fourscore and two years old . It was the wish of this venerable brother that the box should be sold and the proceeds devoted to our work . A gentleman in Boston offered twelve dollars for the box . We have since received an offer of twenty dollars from a friend , with permission , however , to hold the matter open a little longer for a still higher bid . Who speaks next ? “ You will be interested to learn that E. A . Johnson , of Raleigh , N. C ., has just been admitted to the bar here . He passed a very good examination , the only colored man among twenty-four whites . It made some of them quite vexed to have him promptly answer questions on which they failed , but when he received his license , the Judge commended him , and the young men all congratulated him . ” It is said that the colored pupils fail when they reach mathematics . A scholar in one of our Southern institutions made an original demonstration of an intricate problem in geometry , in a method different from any known previously by his teacher , an accomplished scholar , and it was correct . From Le Moyne Institute , Memphis , Tennessee : Not a week passes that we do not have to turn away earnest applicants from the school for want of room . Fully two hundred such applicants have gone sadly away from our door during the past months . A colored minister in the South applying for a position as a preacher , says , “ I feel to say woe be under me if I preach not . ” Rev . A. W . Curtis writes from Raleigh , N. C .: “ It is estimated that thirty thousand Negroes have gone South and West from North Carolina since the exodus from this State began . Most of them are crowded out because of repeated crop failures in the eastern counties . Many of them have joined in the movement , with the hope of doing better , who were doing passably well at home . Many have been discouraged by the attitude of the State toward the colored people . ” Rev . J. W . Freeman , of Dudley , N. C ., writes : “ The emigration casts a great depression on all our spiritual work among the colored people now In this locality . ” AN ENTERPRISING WOMAN . A letter from Louisiana says , “ I visited a Negro family the other day in a settlement where there is no school , and found the following condition of things : A white lady was boarding with them and giving instruction for her board . She is teaching them how to live . Eight months ago no one in this family could read . The father only could speak English . Now all speak some English . All except the youngest can read a little in the Bible . They sang a gospel hymn for me and repeated quite a number of Bible verses and the Lord 's prayer . The colored mother I believe to be one of the smartest women in America . With the help of her children — the father spends all he gets for whiskey — she has built her house , supports her family , makes her own furniture , spins and weaves cloth from cotton she has raised , and has engaged this white lady to educate her and her children , she herself leading the class . The children are all very quick to learn . The home was tidy and well-kept . The children were clean and neat . I shall look to see something grand come from that family . ” LETTER FROM A SCHOOL GIRL TO HER PASTOR IN ONE OF OUR INSTITUTIONS . “ I am a Christian and I think I enjoy it better than being a sinner , and always doing something on earth to please myself and not trying to please my Saviour who died for me , that through him I might be saved . I am enjoying this week of prayer , and it seems to me we would have better Christians if we had more prayer . I feel as if I need your prayers both night and morning . It does seem so hard for me to overcome my trials and temptations which come to me so very often . I hope you will join in earnest prayers to help me overcome my temptations . ” The Negro , having all this promise and potency in him , is to be our neighbor in these coming years . Whether we like it or not , he is to be our fellow citizen , sharing with us the responsibilities and the blessings of the republic . Before he was ripe for it he had the power of a sovereign thrust upon him , and no man but by crime can take from him the right and duty of joint rulership with us . It must be admitted that , in the present condition of the average Southern Negro , he is not a satisfactory neighbor nor a safe ruler . But that is not his fault ; it is his misfortune . His illiteracy is a National peril ; his moral weakness is a danger to himself and to the society in which he lives . But these are the results of the cruel and corrupting system in which we held him fast ; the disabilities we have imposed upon him . And they suggest to us certain helpful duties we owe to him ; certain helpful ministries we are under obligation to render him in order to enable him to attain that large and splendid future toward which Providence seems to be pointing . THE SOUTH . DEDICATION OF CHANDLER NORMAL INSTITUTE . BY DISTRICT SECRETARY C. W . HIATT . The tenth of February was a great day in Lexington , Kentucky . It marked two special events , the dedication of Chandler Normal Institute , and the opening of a great “ Hoss sale . ” Anybody who knows the “ Blue-grass region ” will understand what the latter means . The world flocks to Lexington on such occasions in quest of thoroughbreds , and the country rids itself in consequence , at fabulous prices , of droves of genuine Kentucky plugs . Buyers go home wiser , sellers richer . But not everybody on this day was discussing “ Abdallah ” and “ Hambletonian . ” Long before the appointed hour , a stream of people began moving to a part of the city where two pikes intersect , the point of attraction being a fine three-story red brick structure known as the “ Chandler Normal Institute . ” This building occupies a commanding position on a hill which overlooks the city . It was erected and furnished by the liberality of one esteemed lady , Mrs. Phoebe Chandler , of Andover , Massachusetts , at an outlay of some fifteen thousand dollars , and is given to the cause of Christian education under the care of the American Missionary Association . On this particular day , the building was formally consecrated to its work with appropriate and impressive services . At two o'clock in the afternoon the spacious chapel was filled to its utmost by crowds of colored people , some of whom had come for miles in carriages , to witness the event . The presence also of numerous whites , representing the foremost professional and social circles of Lexington , was a significant fact . These friends , by their close attention and frequent signs of approval , as well as by their own eloquent contributions to the programme , gave unmistakable evidence of earnest sympathy with the good cause . The exercises were opened with prayer and Scriptural reading , after which the Principal , Mr. Frederick W. Foster , made an address of welcome , marked for its practical force and fine discretion . The visiting Secretary then , in an address of half an hour , gave his understanding of the importance of Christian education as the solution of National problems , both North and South , closing with a formal God-speed to this institution as it started forth on its noble career . To this address , Rev . Mr. Tate , of the African Methodist Episcopal Church , made a scholarly , eloquent and touching response . He reviewed the work of the Association for his people , eulogized the friend who had made this special benefaction , and urged upon his hearers to make the most , under God , of the high privileges thus brought to them from afar . Informal addresses from both white and colored visitors followed . The eloquent periods of Dr. L. P. Todd , dwelling fully upon the brotherhood of man , the witty and practical remarks of Prof. John Schackleford , of Kentucky State College , and the wise and cogent exhortations of Rev . W. S. Fulton , D. D ., cannot be reported ; suffice it to say , that they gave a spiritual uplift and fine dignity to the occasion . These noble men are staunch supporters of our work , and freely give to our corps of teachers the benefits of fatherly and fraternal fellowship . A resolution expressing the gratitude of the colored people for this generous gift was adopted with enthusiasm , and the inspiring exercises came to a close with the praises of God in the well-known words of Bishop Ken : “ Praise God , from whom all blessings flow . ” The event marks the beginning of an epoch in our work in this place . One dark brother said : “ It is the greatest day for the colored people of Lexington since the emancipation . ” CONGREGATIONALISM AROUND PARIS , TEXAS . BY REV . J. D . PETTIGREW . It gives me much pleasure to tell you what we are doing for the Master and for Congregationalism in this part of the great field . I came to Paris nearly eleven months ago and assumed the pastorate of the First Congregational Church . I had been here but a short time when I found that there were three other Congregational Churches out in the country near Paris , and that there had once been a Quarterly Conference made up of these four churches ; but this Conference had died out ere I came . I thought that such an organization , if revived , would be a great stimulus to the churches , and especially to those out in the country , two of which were , at that time , without pastors . So I sent out cards notifying the brethren that the Conference would convene at a specified day , and urging them to come in full representation . A few , very few , responded . We organized . After transacting a little business the Conference adjourned to meet at our next regularly appointed time . Before the time for our next meeting we were all made to rejoice by the coming of Rev . M. R . Carlisle , a graduate of both the collegiate and theological courses of Talladega College , from Alabama , to assume the pastoral charge of two of these churches — Dodd City and Bois D'Arc . He and I drew up a plan to re-organize the old Conference into a more excellent and practical one . We offered our plan at the next meeting of the Conference , and it was cheerfully received . The effect of this plan was to change the name from Conference to Association , and to divide the Association into three distinct departments , each with its own set of officers , as follows : a Sunday-school Department , composed of the different Sunday-schools of the churches ; a Missionary Department , composed of the different church missionary societies ; and a Church Department , composed of the different churches . Each department had its own distinct programme and business ; but the combined programmes of all made up the “ general programme ” of the Association . This plan works excellently , and serves as a wonderful stimulus to each of these departments of church work . We have , in our next meeting , to add the department of Christian Endeavor . Our last session , held with our church in Paris on the 28th of December , 1889 , was indeed a grand success . Previous to its meeting , I heard of four other Congregational Churches in the Indian Territory , under the auspices of the American Home Missionary Society . I sent them an invitation to join the Association . These churches promptly sent delegates who connected their churches with the Association . One brother from the Territory heard of the Association , but was not able to pay his way on the train to Paris . So , as he said to me , “ I left my wife and children in the care of God , and I put myself into his hands and came ; and I walked every step of the way . ” This brother walked forty miles to meet the Association , and his fidelity had a great effect upon the whole meeting . We tried to make it pleasant for him , and took up a special collection to send him back home on the train . Space will not allow me to speak touching the spiritual strength and interest of the meeting . We had many valuable papers read and discussed , and closed our session on the Sabbath with the following programme : “ Sabbath morning from 9-11 o'clock , Sabbath-school ; 11-12 : 30 , Sermon , ‘ Congregationalism in the South , ’ Rev . J. D . Pettigrew ; at 3 o'clock P. M. Sermon , by Rev . A . Gross , from the Indian Territory ; 7 : 30 o'clock P. M ., Quarterly Sermon , by Rev . M. R . Carlisle , followed by the administration of the Lord 's Supper . ” The brethren left for their fields of labor filled with encouragement and enthusiasm . ’ Those from the Indian Territory seemed to be especially strengthened . Our next meeting is to be with the Bois D'Arc church . We have now eight churches and mission stations represented , and it is only a question of time before our Association will be a power for God and Congregationalism in this part of the State . I think we have a bright future before us here . A MISSION CHURCH . REV . GEO . C. HOWE , CHARLESTON , S. C . The work at Tradd Street Mission in our city is carried on now in just the same way as since its organization . After Sunday-school is over at Plymouth Church , about 11 o'clock , a number of our young people , including the Pastor , Superintendent Herron and Miss Deas , who acts as organist , go immediately to the mission about a mile away , and conduct the Sunday-school there . We have eight classes , with an average attendance of eleven to a class . One class is composed of adults . We finish work there at one o'clock . On Thursday night , I go down and preach , and in case I am unable to go , Deacon Hollens takes the service for me . Last Thursday night , an Irishman about thirty-five years old came in while we were singing , and when I began to speak on the temptations of Christ , he sat and listened in open-mouthed wonder . Before I finished he arose and came forward , his eyes glistening with tears , and gave me his hand , saying : “ I belong to the Catholic Church , but they never told me that truth from the Word , never explained it that way . That is the truth , I know it . I was just going after a drink , but I shall not do it now . I thank you , and hope I have not intruded by coming in . ” It was quite an incident to see a strong man of an opposite race and creed , in a place where the “ Jews desire to have no dealing with the Samaritans , ” coming up and acknowledging with tears that he had never heard the truth of God 's word before . A PROSPEROUS CHURCH . REV . STERLING N. BROWN . We know you will rejoice with us in the good work at Plymouth Church , Washington , D. C . In January we began a special series of meetings . I preached short sermons nearly every night , save Saturdays , for more than three weeks . About fifty have been hopefully brought to a saving knowledge of Christ . The church was never , perhaps , more deeply stirred than at this time . There seems to be a thirsting for a deeper work of grace among Christians , a thorough coming out from the world . It was a beautiful sight yesterday , when before the altar twenty-nine “ new recruits ” took upon themselves the covenant of the church .. The most of the remaining converts will unite with us at our next communion . A few of them will join elsewhere . Our church is getting well organized for work along all lines of Christian activity . The Endeavor Society among our young people , now the largest in number in the district , is a real power for good . The Sunday-school is taking on new life . There is before us in this city “ an exceeding good land , ” but before full possession , many battles must be fought , spiritual and financial . But we have great reason to be thankful . THE WHITE CROSS LEAGUE . PROF. H. H . WRIGHT , FISK UNIVERSITY . I want to lay before you a short account of the work of the White Cross League , of this University , as reported by the members at a meeting held at my house last Sunday night . You may not be aware that late last school year I called together a dozen or two of our best young men and induced them to take the White Cross pledge — to treat all women with respect , to refrain from indecent jests and coarse language , to maintain that the law of personal purity is as binding on men as upon women , etc . At the meeting last Sunday night one after another gave his experience touching the White Cross movement . One young man reported that through his persuasion , public and private , especially the latter , three or four couples who had been living together unlawfully went before the proper authorities and were married . Another testified that he had personally felt the restraining influence of his pledge , while he acted as waiter at a summer hotel . The pledge had a great restraining influence upon him and was a safeguard . Another found it necessary to organize a Wednesday night Bible meeting of his own , for the regular meetings of the churches did not give him the opportunity he desired . All the young men testified to the good influence of the pledge upon their own lives , but one young man 's report of his work was of especial interest . He is head waiter at the hotel at Lake ——, where about 250 servants , men and women , are employed . He took a squad of seventy-eight colored men from the South to the Lake at the opening of the season , engaging them on condition that there was to be no gambling among them . Immediately on arriving he organized a Y. M. C. A . among them , and held meetings Sunday afternoons and two evenings during the week through the summer , all well attended . At some of these meetings he spoke of the White Cross movement , and was successful in gaining the approbation of most of the members of the Association . The nature of the pledge and of the talks got out among the women servants , and ere long at their invitation he assembled from seventy-five to one hundred of them and gave them a very earnest talk on the value and duty of virtuous lives . Many were affected to tears , and all were seriously impressed . After that they seemed to look to him as their protector , and often said they were so glad they had a head man who would endeavor to shield them from temptation and wrong . And the remarkable thing about it is , that these women servants are white ! The proprietor of the hotel , on closing the season , told our student that if he had been told that such a work as he had accomplished among his help could be done he would have declared it impossible . What is to be the outcome of this little movement so auspiciously begun ? It seems to me that if wisely carried on the possibilities for good are very great . BEREA AND TEMPERANCE . For nearly twelve years there has been a temperance organization centering at Berea . By personal canvass it has secured signers to the total abstinence pledge , until the aggregate number is between two thousand and three thousand . The length of the district from north to south is not less than ten miles , and the greatest breadth seven or eight miles . The number of votes polled at a general election is about six hundred . For nearly ten years the sale of intoxicating liquors within the district has been illegal , it having been voted out by the people by a large majority soon after the great Murphy movement . Just on the border of the district were two or three men , distillers in a small way and venders of the fiery liquid , who thought the enthusiasm of the Murphy movement was past , and took the necessary steps to have a poll opened on the liquor question , at the August election of 1888 . But they had underrated the effect of these years of temperance education . Nearly all our students become signers of the pledge and workers in whatever field they may visit ; and the people of the country immediately around us have been profiting by the teachings of these meetings . When the question was clearly presented , “ Shall we again have the legalized liquor traffic among us ? ” the activity of the friends of sobriety and order was as great as that of the selfish advocates of license . Meetings were held in every neighborhood . On election day , seventy-five ladies , of the noblest in the district , were at the voting place . Refreshments were furnished in abundance and free of charge . Doubtful voters were met with argument and persuasion . All was as orderly as if it were a religious meeting . The result showed 435 for temperance to 131 for liquor — more than three to one . The victory was complete , and the district stands as the banner temperance district of the State . BEREA COLLEGE REPORTER . “ BECCA MUST GO ! ” Say “ Becca must go , ” Yes , “ Becca must go , ” I do n't hardly see why it needs to be so , She 's nice — very quiet . She 's no trouble at all , She could n't hurt any one , Becca 's so small . She do n't understand it — the poor little child — When I seat her alone she looks strange and wild , And when I dismiss her she never looks ‘ round , But she goes off alone looking down to the ground . Her mother 's afflicted , her home life is bad , When I see little Becca I always feel sad . She learns very quickly , she sings like a lark , But Becca must go , for her skin is so dark . I am asked to “ dismiss her , ” and “ send her away , ” She must not study here and with others play , I do n't like to do it , but then , do n't you know , There are some who wo n't like it , so “ Becca must go . ” Not many stand up for poor Becca down here , They talk very strangely , and act very queer , Her skin 's not much darker than mine , but , you know , Her hair curls a little , so “ Becca must go . ” Now Preacher and Teacher from East and from West , If you would succeed you must do like the rest ; Be partial to white folk or take the disgrace , Of showing regard for a down-trodden race . E. N . RUDDOCK . THE INDIANS . STREAKS OF LIGHT . REV . C. L . HALL , FORT BERTHOLD , NORTH DAKOTA . A girl about seventeen years of age writes the following to her teacher while she is away from school for a short vacation among her people : “ DEAR FRIEND :— I will now try to write a few lines to-night to tell you all about what we are doing now ; first I tell you when first we came home we told the girls to come to our house that we would have prayer meeting the first thing ; I tell you they are real good girls , L ——, M ——, A —— and M ——; we did not expect them to come ; it is far away and they were so tired yet they did not mind , they come right away before we saw them . We went upon the hills , Mary and I , we prayed , and when we came back we was surprise to see the girls coming . So we had prayer meeting ; that was the first time that L —— ever prayed ; we thought we would have prayer meeting to-day , but we are sorry the girls did not come , they did not know ; we expect to go to Minot Monday if nothing should happen . ” Another says :— “ I do n't want to see the Indian dance . I like to stay in the house and I like to read the Bible every morning , and in the afternoon I ask God to bless the boys and girls and keep you always , and I know he will help all if we ask him . ” N —— and G ——, two little sisters away on a vacation where no Sabbath is observed , go away on the prairie alone and have prayers together . After evening service those who wished to follow Christ were asked to remain to an inquiry meeting , and eight remained , and in their own language some expressed very clearly a desire to follow Christ and a consciousness of their own sin and weakness . Mrs. B —— ‘ s husband died very earnestly endeavoring to teach her the faith he had come to have , and asking her again and again to have no idols , but to worship and believe in God alone . She is now an earnest seeker after light , is visited on Sunday by a leading man who lives near her , and who is asked to tell them on the Sabbath of the religion and the God of whom her husband had told her . A father , a hearer , but yet a heathen , says : “ I want to put the boy in a school where he will learn God 's ways . I do not want him in a school where religion is not taught . ” ELIZABETH WINYAN . Many of our readers will remember being interested at our meeting in Chicago by the appearance and speech of an Indian woman from our Oahe Station , Elizabeth Winyan . We have now to communicate the sad tidings of her death , after a brief , but severe illness . Her life was an eventful and a useful one . Elizabeth was the name given her by the missionaries . Winyan was her Indian name . She was born near Mankato , Minnesota , in 1831 . At the age of twenty-five she became one of the early converts under Drs . Williamson and Riggs . She came to live at the mission , and learned to sew and do all household work . Dr. Williamson set her to teaching some women , and so began her missionary labor . She was a woman of great physical strength . When she was living at the Sisseton Agency , she cut with her own hands and hauled to the Agency , driving the ox-team herself , wood enough to pay for putting her little house in good repair and to buy some farming implements . She was a faithful friend . This fidelity she proved during the Indian uprising in 1862 . When the mission families were fleeing from their burning houses at midnight , they forgot to take any food along . While they were hiding on an island in the Minnesota River , she , at the risk of her own life , carried to them bread and meat . In 1875 , she and Miss Collins went to assist Rev . T. L . Riggs in starting the Oahe Mission , near Fort Sully , on the Missouri . At the time of her death she was in charge of an out-station on the Cheyenne River , forty miles from the central mission . Her duties were to hold meetings on the Sabbath , one general prayer meeting on Thursday night , and a women 's meeting on Friday night , to teach every day , visit the sick , attend funerals , and teach the women to sew , cook , wash and iron . Miss Collins says of her : “ There is no one to fill her place . She was one of the grandest women I ever knew . May God help our poor bereaved Dakotas . ” AN EXEMPLARY MOTHER . The recent death of Elizabeth Winyan calls to mind a little story connected with the training of her son , which may not be without point even now . Elizabeth Winyan taught Edwin , her son , to believe in God and in prayer . She tells a story of how Edwin , as a child , wanted to wear “ civilized clothes . ” She made him a shirt and trousers , and then he needed a hat and shoes . She said , “ I told him to pray for them ; in the meantime I worked as well as prayed , and on Saturday , when my work was done , the missionary 's wife gave me a hat and a pair of shoes for Edwin . He was delighted and so was I . Since that time he has never doubted that God would answer prayer . ” She said : “ I taught Edwin to give to the Lord from a baby . When he was not old enough to know his duty , I put the penny in his hand and held his hand over the basket , and dropped in the penny . Sometimes I would only be able to get one penny , and that I would give to Edwin to put in the collection , for I wanted him to form a habit of giving ; I knew I ought to give , and God knows I would when I had a penny , but my son must be taught . ” This son has grown up a good Christian , speaks English , is a teacher , and is now a missionary at Standing Rock . He owes much to his faithful Christian mother . THE CHINESE . TWO CHINESE ANNIVERSARIES . BY DISTRICT SECRETARY J. E . ROY , D. D . One was that of the New Year , which is the first of February . It was at Los Angeles . The celebration lasts three or four days . The Christian Chinese observe the festival with Christian ceremonies . In the forenoon , I was with the Congregational brethren at their rooms in Chinatown . Their schoolroom was decorated with all the colors and characters of the native land . A table was spread with fruits and nuts and candies and cakes and flowers . The Chinese lily was the appropriate New Year 's adornment . The services were prayer , much singing of Moody and Sankey songs , recitations of Scripture and addresses by their own men and by visitors . The room was filled with sympathetic touring friends . After the public service , the goodies of the table were passed around . In the afternoon , I went to the Presbyterian , and my wife to the United Presbyterian , service , which was much after the same sort . In the former , the Rev . Mr. Condit and his wife , who had long ago returned from China to engage in this work , were the leaders . After the Superintendent of the Methodist Chinese Sunday-school had spoken , a brother in the mission , following , called him a good Presbyterian . Although these foreigners fall into the church order of the people who have led them into the Jesus way , they recognize these divisions as simply so many families akin , and so there is a constant visiting and affiliation among them as Christians . The whole occasion was one to inspire faith in the Gospel as suited to the needs of our common humanity , and faith in the beneficent results upon those who have not known of the true God and Saviour . On the afternoon of the following Sunday , in Dr. Hutchins ’ church , I visited the Congregational Chinese Sunday-school , superintended by a lawyer and taught by members of that parish . Mr. Dorland , the Superintendent , is giving himself to this work with great enthusiasm , and his associates share in the same . The thing which delighted me in Dr. Hutchins ’ church , and in all this round of our Chinese Missions , was the fact that the local church is taking these Chinese of the A. M. A . schools into their fellowship , not only that of the Sunday-school but of church membership . Whatever views may be held as to the political economy of exclusion , these Christians seem to realize that God has brought these pagans to their doors to be cared for in Christ 's name . Mrs. Sheldon and her daughter , the missionaries of the American Missionary Association , teaching the night-school , serving in the Sunday-school , and by every feasible ministry , are confirming the judgment of one of our pastors that these lady missionaries are their “ Evidences of Christianity . ” The other anniversary was that of our mission at San Diego — Miss M. M . Elliot , the missionary teacher , and Chin Toy , the helper . Rev . W. C. Pond , D. D ., of San Francisco , the Superintendent of our Chinese work , which he takes in addition to the pastoral care of the Bethany Church , had come down for his annual visitation of the missions in Southern California . In the Mission Chapel , at the time of the night-school , Dr. Pond conducts the rehearsal and , on Sunday night , in the Tabernacle of the First Congregational Church , presides at the public service . The great assembly room is packed with interested listeners who soon become delighted . After opening devotions , conducted by the pastor , Rev . Mr. Voorhees , and his choir , the young brethren proceed with a prayer in the Chinese , then with the Lord 's Prayer in concert , both in English and in Chinese . Then come songs in solo and in concert , from the Moody and Sankey book , and recitations of Scripture passages . “ Dare to be a Daniel , ” was rendered in solo with fine effect as to the music , and especially as to the idea of daring to become Christians in the face of the derision of their pagan friends . The Ten Commandments , as recited by one , and each responded to in music by the school in the words of the prayer-book , were deeply impressive . And so was the “ Missionary Exercise , ” with nine questions by Quon Newy , answered by as many men one after another , Quon Tape , Sam Tai , Quon Dick , Korn Ock , Korn Chow , Korn Zee , Chong Chung , Lee Wing , and Linn Yee . The characteristic feature of the evening was the address , in good English , of Chin Toy . Dr. Pond introduced him as having been a shoemaker at San Francisco , who , upon conversion , about to be baptized in his church , was locked into his apartment of the shoeshop by some of his pagan friends , who thought that after the passing of the baptismal occasion of Sunday morning he would get over his desire to be a Jesus man . So , Sunday afternoon , he was released . But at night he appeared at the Bethany and was baptized into Christ . He is now with Loo Quong , an A. M. A . evangelist , and at present is serving as “ helper ” at the San Diego mission . His address was a logical and eloquent setting forth of the difficulties in the way of the Chinese becoming Christians ; and , at the end , it was an appeal to American Christians to improve their opportunity to become missionaries to the heathen whom God had brought to their door . Short addresses were then made by Rev . F. B . Perkins , of the Second Church , and by District Secretary Roy — the former declaring that that meeting alone was enough to repay all effort in that line ; enough to remove all prejudice . Indeed , only this week , a former pastor of that church , Rev . J. B. Silcox , now of the East Oakland Church , told me that a similar anniversary held in that same Tabernacle a year ago , had melted down all prejudice . Indeed , it is now , as in the days of the primitive Christians : wheresoever it is seen that people of the despised classes have received the Holy Ghost , that is the end of caste distinction . “ Forasmuch , then , as God gave them the like gift as He did unto us who had believed on the Lord Jesus Christ , what was I that I should withstand God ? ” A COLORED MAN SPEAKS FOR HIS RACE . Address at the Annual Meeting in Chicago , BY THE REV . GEO . M. MCCLELLAN . About eleven years ago , out in the country , near Louisville , there was born a little colored girl . She was her father 's first child , and he was justly proud of her , and calculated that there must be some fitting name for her somewhere , and that he must get it out of a book . He could not read , but he could spell a little , and therefore he got him a copy of Webster 's blue-backed speller , and spelled the book half way through until he found the word “ heterogeneous ; ” therefore that little girl was christened “ Heterogeneous . ” This morning this programme was handed to me , and I saw on it “ Chinese , Indian , Negro , White ; ” and I could n't help thinking of Heterogeneous . As I looked over the subjects , and thought that I would have to speak about something , I thought that “ Chinese , Indian , White man and Negro , ” was quite a subject for a speech . But I was inclined to be fair , like a certain minister , who was always preaching on infant baptism . He preached on infant baptism , no matter what the text was . The deacons and the people of the church got tired of it , and they concluded to give him some text that would relate to facts , before there were any infants . So they turned to the Book of Genesis , and found the text “ Adam , where art thou ? ” And when the minister came to the pulpit Sunday morning , the deacons gave this text to him and told him , “ Here is a text we want you to preach upon . ” He demurred a little and wondered why they had not given him more time , but finally concluded to preach on this text . He got up and said : “ There are three points in this text : First , that men are always somewhere ; second , that they are very often where they ought not to be ; third , the text is dead set against infant baptism ; and as the time is short , I will speak on point third . ” Now , I said to myself that either of these themes was a worthy one ; but as Chinese comes first , Indian second , and Negro third , and , as the time is brief , I will speak on point third . Not long ago I saw in an illustrated paper President Harrison with his Cabinet , represented as all lolling over asleep ; and in the group there stood a Negro , his mouth open , his collar open , his teeth showing , and with a large scroll in his hand . Beneath this picture was this remark : “ Wake up to the question of the day , ” and on that scroll which the Negro had in his hand were the words : “ What are you gwine to do with the black man ? ” Now , that question has been asked here indirectly to-day : and , my friends , do you know that sometimes , as we have heard this question discussed , we wonder just exactly how people do consider us in this country . There have been some who have advocated colonization . Some have said that we would have to be sent back to Africa or out West , or to South America . One man thinks that extermination will be the final thing to be resorted to . It may be a fault in my education , it may be that this American Missionary Association has not educated me all right — for I am a product of the Association ,— but I have been taught to suppose that we Negroes were free , independent , American citizens , at liberty to choose where we will stay and how long we will stay . It seems that very eminent men are discussing the feasibility of sending us to Africa , and whether it is wise to go to the expense if it is thought best to send us there . Now , my friends , it does not seem to me that there is any question about it so far as we are concerned . The whites may go if they want to , but we are not going to budge ! So long as this is a free country we are going to stay here ; it satisfies us . It seems to me God has so settled it . The question is not , what are you going to do with the colored man , but what are you going to do for him ? A great deal has been done , and it has been said that more has been done for the Negroes than for any other people . That is true : and the Negro has done more in these last twenty-five years than any other people on whom money and time and labor has been expended . The American Missionary Association found out long ago what the Negro problem was . They established schools and sent teachers among us , and when they came to us , they came at once , assuming — not as Senator Eustis has done , that the Negroes have an inherent sense of inferiority , and that they should take an assigned place ; not as Governor Lee has insisted , that the all-important thing for the white man to do is to keep the Negro down ; and not as Senator Gibbs of Georgia , who a few weeks ago insisted that the white people are in imminent peril , and even went so far as to bring a bill before the Legislature as to whether the Negroes should be driven out of that State . That is not the way these teachers have come down to us . They have assumed that we are as capable as other people , that we have the same needs ; and because they have come to us with this assumption to begin with , because they have received us in this way , we have made the progress that we have . Now , of all things that are most needed to be done for us , we need a good theological seminary in the South , where the ministry can be educated among us . It is only an elevated Christian citizenship that will save us , and make us what other people are ; and we must have a theological seminary to aid us toward that end . You have given us colleges , normal schools , industrial training schools , and schools of common branches , and we have now young men and young women filling all the schools through the South . We can get good teachers for our schools in the remotest places , in Arkansas , Texas and Mississippi , or anywhere else . So it is not a question as to what kind of teachers we will have . But the churches have not in their pulpits ministers well prepared to preach the gospel of Christ . They have not kept up with the young people in the work done by the schools . In the North , one of the pleasant things we find wherever we go , is that in all your churches there is something for the young people to do . You have Christian Endeavor Societies , and various organizations by which the young people may be reached . Therefore , you gather them in from the beginning and have them trained so that they can take your places as soon as you are ready to step out of the work . It is not so with our churches . Our ministers have not advanced to that degree where they can take up such work . In these little Congregational churches that have been planted , we have educated ministers , who are able thus to work , especially among young people . We do not have people at our hand as other churches have , but we are trying to get hold of them . In Fisk University there were last year , I believe , 510 students , of whom , perhaps , there were 100 Congregationalists . So , after all , it is Methodists and Baptists that you are educating there . This is all right , because the great masses of the people are found in those churches . If we had a Congregational Theological School we could reach these people just as well through the pulpit as we reach them in the schools . I was asked to give a little of my personal experience . I dislike to do this : but if narrating any of my personal experience will give an insight into the work that the American Missionary Association is doing , I will gladly consent . My story is the story of hundreds of young men in the South . Only in the larger cities can we get a good English education , except we go to schools established for us by this Association . I went eight years to Fisk University . I have a brother there now in the senior college class . This is his tenth year , and I have a sister who is also in her tenth year there . It takes a long while to get through . My father had no money to send me to school . In his slavery days he had stolen a little bit of learning , and had learned how to write and read and a little arithmetic . I was about four years old when the stroke for freedom was made . My father began to teach me arithmetic , and many a day in his shoemaker 's shop , as I sat and kept the fire going , he would teach me and carry me as far as he could ; and he put into me the idea of getting an education . At fifteen he told me I might have my own time . At that age I had advanced far enough to pass the examination of the district school , and , having passed , I made my way to Fisk University . I had not known that there was such an institution in the land , or such a thing as the Missionary Association ; but going once into an adjoining county , I happened to fall in with some Christian young men from Fisk , and they told me about that school . I had always had a great desire to be educated , and so I went down there . When I arrived there , I thought it was a strange place . I was familiar with white people , but I think I had never up to that time had one of them shake hands with me . When I found what they were doing there , and that it was an earnest Christian school , my whole soul was uplifted , and I determined to seek for better things . I thought I was pretty well educated , but when I found myself down stairs among those learning grammar and arithmetic , and that there were nine years before me , I concluded that after all I was not very well educated , but I set out to go through that long course of study . During all those years of study I taught school every summer . For nine years I was not out of the school room a month in the year . I was either a pupil or a teacher . Wherever I was teaching , I would try to set up a little Fisk University of my own . You know that the school teacher who goes out into these country places is everybody and everything . He is law and gospel , and he must know everything — at least , he must not let people know that he does not know everything . So I was not only school teacher , but I organized a Sunday-school , and preached , also . Especially in Mississippi I did that kind of work , where there was much need of it . This is the way that hundreds of young men have gone through Fisk University and other institutions . We get our education sometimes at great cost , and at great hardships . Sometimes we break down under this constant strain of teaching . Many a time in Mississippi swamps I have waded up to my knees in water going to school , and many a time have I taught lying sick on my back ; but the money had to be made . This is the way we get through , and not only the young men but the girls . There are two things which it teaches us : It teaches us how to be men , and it teaches us how to work . We are forced to do it for the money 's sake , and it is not only for the money 's sake , because we are sure that these young men and young ladies go out with a Christian desire to do good , and a young man , whether he is a Christian or not , feels that he must do Christian work when he is teaching in the summer . He is hardly respectable if he does not do that sort of thing during his service as a teacher . In that way the great masses of the people are being reached by Christian students going out among them . So it seems to me as though the problem were being slowly yet truly solved , and by and by the Negroes will be lifted up on the same footing with other people . That is the only thing we want . We are not fighting for social equality , or this or that thing . No intelligent Negro has any desire to put the South into the hands of the Negroes for rule . No man who is intelligent could wish the government of the South to come into the hands of any ignorant and inexperienced people , whether white or black , and that is what we are as a mass . But we do want recognition , so far as we have those qualities that would cause the same thing to be granted to us if we were not Negroes . This is the only thing that we ask for , and this is what is withheld from us . There are those even in the South who are willing to give us this recognition , and little by little they are getting over some of their prejudice and are inclined to recognize us so far as we have a right to their respect . Of course there are those who are determined to keep the Negro down ; but these are coming over slowly but surely , and by and by there will be in this land no Negro problem . BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . MISS D. E . EMERSON , SECRETARY . In our February number , in mentioning the special work of some of the Woman 's Organizations , we referred to the four teachers of the Woman 's Home Missionary Association . These have been assigned them from the ranks of the American Missionary Association additional to their former work in the Southern field . They having transferred to the American Missionary Association their former work , have now eleven missionaries under our auspices . We also failed to mention in our February number the Woman 's Union of Iowa , which is rendering us so substantial aid in the support of our Beach Institute at Savannah , Georgia . And here comes yet another pledge — the Union of Kansas starting in with three hundred dollars toward the support of a missionary . Nebraska has also come forward with a pledge of a definite amount . The State Unions organized in the South have begun their growth in the right direction . The Union of Louisiana shows its right to live by the following words from its Treasurer : “ I have just had the privilege of sending off three postal orders , $ 8. 00 to the A. M. A ., $ 7. 00 to the A. H. M. S ., and $ 3. 00 to the W. B. M. I ., which at least is a beginning . We hope the little acorn planted last April may yet be a grand live oak . ” The following from one of the auxiliaries of the Union of Tennessee and Kentucky is also cheering . “ The inclosed $ 6. 00 is an offering of our Ladies ’ Missionary Society of Trinity Congregational Church to the American Missionary Association , the first fruits , financially , of the little organization . Be assured the small gift is accompanied with large-hearted gratitude for the work of the Association in elevating the colored people , and earnest prayers for the continued success of the Association in its beneficent work in every field . ” MICHIGAN ,— “ We have we think , a model Missionary Society in our church . We take up the study of our six great Societies and give two months to each , just preceding our church collection for the same cause . We study them as thoroughly as possible and our collections for the two months go to the object of our study . November and December are A. M. A . months with us . At our meeting this week we had reports from the Chicago meeting . We always aim to have at least one leaflet to put into each family once a month — on the study we are on — hoping in this way to gain the attention of those not interested . ” A NOVEL DISH . A barrel of clothing recently sent from Putney and Dummerston , Vermont , received its first installment of gifts from a Christmas plum pudding , which formed a part of the Christmas exercises . A wash-tub was covered with brown paper to represent a pudding . At the proper time a young man dressed to represent a cook , with white cap and apron , and wand of office , entered the room followed by two boys , also in white caps and aprons , and carrying a pudding dish . Placing this in the center of the platform , the chief cook advanced to the front , and after appropriate words of greeting and of explanation , the assistants passed down the aisles and gathered the various ingredients , or “ plums ” which the audience had brought . When ready it was started on its way to the South . We venture to say it will last longer and do more good than any plum pudding that ever was served . OUR MANY-SIDED MISSIONARY WORK . One of our efficient ladies , Principal of a large school embracing the grades from primary to the high school and normal department , and in which the scholastic standard is creditably maintained , writes as follows : “ Our school is on the whole in good condition . The teachers are earnest , efficient and united . The students are of a better average than ever before . There has been a healthful religious interest all the year . During the past two weeks there have been several conversions in every room , ( unless , perhaps , in the primary ) . Every room has had some religious services conducted by the teachers . A few union services were held , attended by those interested . These were mostly conducted by Miss B . In Miss S .' s room the conversions are very hopeful young men and women . “ The industrial classes of boys and girls were never so large before , and among the girls the spirit of real work and helpfulness through work seems to be developing true womanly character . In the tool-room there are five classes of from eight to fourteen boys every day . A little printing-press is set up , and one boy has begun to set type . The shop is a busy place when fourteen boys are in it shoving their saws and planes , running the lathes , carving or hammering , and they usually seem very happy . We are looking with anxious longing for that new teacher promised . The number of country students this year makes it imperative if we reach these surrounding counties , as we want to do , but the new teacher must come soon , or we must send away thirty-five or forty scholars , nearly all from the country . This is written that you ‘ also might know our affairs and how we do . ’ ” WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . CO-OPERATING WITH THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . MAINE . WOMAN 'S AID TO A. M. A . Chairman of Committee — Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , Woodfords , Me . VERMONT . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. B . Swift , 167 King St ., Burlington . Secretary — Mrs. E. C . Osgood , 14 First Ave ., Montpelier . Treasurer — Mrs. Wm . P. Fairbanks , St. Johnsbury . MASSACHUSETTS AND RHODE ISLAND . [ 1 ] WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . President — Mrs. Alice Freeman Palmer , Cambridge , Mass . Secretary — Miss Nathalie Lord , 32 Congregational House , Boston . Treasurer — Miss Ella A. Leland , 32 Congregational House , Boston . For the purpose of exact information , we note that while the W. H. M. A . appears in this list as a State body for Mass , and R. I ., it has certain auxiliaries elsewhere . CONNECTICUT . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Francis B. Cooley , Hartford . Secretary — Mrs. S. M . Hotchkiss , 171 Capitol Ave ., Hartford . Treasurer — Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , 19 Spring St ., Hartford . NEW YORK . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Wm . Kincaid , 483 Greene Ave ., Brooklyn . Secretary — Mrs. Wm . Spalding , 6 Salmon Block , Syracuse . Treasurer — Mrs. L. H . Cobb , 59 Bible House , New York City . OHIO WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. G. W . Cowles , 417 Sibley St ., Cleveland . Secretary — Mrs. Flora K. Regal , Oberlin . Treasurer — Mrs. F. L . Fairchild , Box 932 , Mt . Vernon , Ohio . INDIANA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. B . Safford , Elkhart . Secretary — Mrs. W. E . Mossman , Fort Wayne . Treasurer — Mrs. C. Evans , Indianapolis . ILLINOIS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. B. F. Leavitt , 409 Orchard St ., Chicago . Secretary — Mrs. C. H . Taintor , 151 Washington St ., Chicago . Treasurer — Mrs. C. E . Maltby , Champaign . IOWA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. T. O . Douglass , Grinnell . Secretary — Miss Ella E. Marsh , Box 232 , Grinnell . Treasurer — Mrs. M. J. Nichoson , 1513 Main St ., Dubuque . MICHIGAN . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. George M. Lane , 47 Miami Ave ., Detroit . Secretary — Mrs. Leroy Warren , Lansing . Treasurer — Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Greenville . WISCONSIN . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. A . Miner , Madison . Secretary — Mrs. C. Matter , Brodhead . Treasurer — Mrs. C. C . Kealer , Beloit . MINNESOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY . President — Mrs. E. S . Williams , Box 464 , Minneapolis . Secretary — Miss Gertude A. Keith , 1350 , Nicollet Ave ., Minneapolis . Treasurer — Mrs. M. W . Skinner , Northfield . NORTH DAKOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY . President — Mrs. A. J . Pike , Dwight . Secretary — Mrs. Silas Daggett , Harwood . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M . Fisner , Fargo . SOUTH DAKOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. H. Robbins , Bowdie . Secretary — Mrs. T. M . Jeffris , Huron . Treasurer — Mrs. S. E . Fifield , Lake Preston . NEBRASKA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. T. H . Leavitt , 1216 H. St ., Lincoln . Secretary — Mrs. L. F. Berry , 724 No . Broad St ., Fremont . Treasurer — Mrs. D. E . Perry , Crete . MISSOURI . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. L . Goodell , 3006 Pine St ., St. Louis . Secretary — Mrs. E. P . Bronson , 3100 Chestnut St. St. Louis . Treasurer — Mrs. A. E . Cook , 4145 Bell Ave ., St. Louis . KANSAS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY . Presidents — Mrs. F. J. Storrs , Topeka . Secretary — Mrs. George L. Epps , Topeka . Treasurer — Mrs. J. G . Dougherty , Ottawa . COLORADO AND WYOMING . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. W . Pickett , White Water , Colorado . Secretary — Miss Mary L. Martin , 106 Platte Ave ., Colorado Springs , Colorado . Treasurer — Mrs. S. A. Sawyer , Boulder , Colorado . Treasurer — Mrs. W. L . Whipple , Cheyenne , Wyoming . SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Elijah Cash , 927 Temple St ., Los Angeles . Secretary — Mrs. H. K. W . Bent , Box 426 , Pasadena Treasurer — Mrs. H. W . Mills , So . Olive St ., Los Angeles . CALIFORNIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY . President — Mrs. H. L . Merritt , 686 34th St ., Oakland . Secretary — Miss Grace E. Barnard , 677 21st St ., Oakland . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M . Havens , 1389 Harrison St ., Oakland . LOUISIANA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. R. C . Hitchcock , New Orleans . Secretary — Miss Jennie Fyfe , 490 Canal St ., New Orleans . Treasurer — Mrs. C. S . Shattuck , Hammond . MISSISSIPPI . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. F . Waiting , Tougaloo . Secretary — Miss Sarah J. Humphrey , Tougaloo . Treasurer — Miss S. L . Emerson , Tougaloo . ALABAMA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. W . Andrews , Talladega . Secretary — Miss S. S. Evans , 2612 Fifth Ave ., Birmingham . Treasurer — Mrs. E. J . Penney , Selma . FLORIDA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. S. F . Gale , Jacksonville . Secretary — Mrs. Nathan Barrows , Winter Park . Treasurer — Mrs. L. C . Partridge , Longwood . TENNESSEE AND ARKANSAS . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION OF THE CENTRAL SOUTH ASSOCIATION . President — Miss M. F . Wells , Athens , Ala. Secretary — Miss A. M. Cahill , Nashville , Tenn. Treasurer — Mrs. G. S . Pope , Grand View , Tenn . NORTH CAROLINA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Miss E. Plimpton , Chapel Hill . Secretary — Miss A. E . Farrington , Raleigh . Treasurer — Miss Lovey Mayo , Raleigh . We would suggest to all ladies connected with the auxiliaries of State Missionary Unions , that funds for the American Missionary Association be sent to us through the treasurers of the Union . Care , however , should be taken to designate the money as for the American Missionary Association , since undesignated funds will not reach us . RECEIPTS FOR FEBRUARY , 1890 . THE DANIEL HAND FUND , For the Education of Colored People . FROM Mr. DANIEL HAND , GUILFORD , CONN . Income for February , 1890 ...$ 4 , 197 35 Income previously acknowledged ... 1 , 792 50 Total ...$ 5 , 989 85 ======== CURRENT RECEIPTS . MAINE . $ 241. 98 . Augusta . Joel Spalding , to const . MRS. PHEBE MARTIN L. M . ... 30. 00 Augusta South Parish Ch . ... 22. 00 Bath . Central Ch . and Soc ... 10. 00 Belfast . Y. P. S. C. E ., Bbl . and Box , 1. 51 , for Freight , for Raleigh , N. C. ... 1. 51 Bethel . Second Cong . Ch . ... 13. 00 Bluehill . Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., 5 ; Cong . Ch ., 2 ... 7. 00 Brownville . Sab . Sch . of Gong . Ch ., for Mountain Work ... 20. 00 Castine . Misses Mary and Margaret J. Cushman ... 2. 50 Castine . Y. P. S. C. E ., Bbl ., 1. 80 , for Freight , for Raleigh , N. C. ... 1. 80 Cumberland Center . Bbl . of C ., 2 , for Freight , for Selma . Ala. ... 2. 00 Edgecomb . Cong . Ch . ... 6. 84 Freeport . Daniel Lane ... 3. 00 Limerick . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 8. 00 Limington . Cong . Ch . ... 11. 00 Monson . R. W . Emerson ... 10. 00 North Yarmouth . Y. P. S. C. E ., by E. M. McIntire , Sec . ... 3. 00 Orland . “ A Friend ” ... 3. 00 Otisfield . Cong . Ch ., Mrs. Susan Lovel , 5 ; Rev J. Loring , 3 ; Mrs. M. Knight , 2 ; Mrs. Mary Jennings , 1 ; Mrs. Sarah P. Morton , 1 ... 12. 00 Portland . State St . Ch ., “ A Friend ” ... 50. 00 Portland . Y. P. S. C. E ., Williston Ch ., for Wilmington , N. C. ... 8. 00 South Berwick . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Raleigh , N. C . Waterford . First Cong . Ch . ... 3. 13 West Woolwich . Mrs. J. P. Trott ... 2. 50 Woodfords . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., for Freight to Raleigh , N. C. ... 1. 70 Yarmouth . Cong . Ch ., for Sherwood , Tenn. ... 10. 00 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 469. 77 . Amherst . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 20. 00 Exeter . “ A Friend , ” for the Freedman ... 30. 00 Candia . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 21. 00 Conway . Second Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Dover . Dr. L. G . Hill , for Library , Sherwood , Tenn. ... 15. 00 Gilsum . Cong . Soc . ... 8. 75 Greenland . Cong . Ch . ... 20. 00 Greenville . Cong . Ch . ... 13. 00 Hollis . Rev . S. L . Gerould , for Freight to Birmingham , Ala. ... 1. 45 Jaffrey . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 18. 41 Keene . Second Cong . Ch . .... 15. 65 Manchester . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., to const . H. B . SAWYER L. M . ... 58. 58 Manchester . Sab . Sch . of First Ch ., for Wilmington , N. C. ... 30. 00 Milford . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 5. 00 Nashua . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., Miss Collins , for Student Aid , Avery Inst . ... 11. 25 Nashua . Miss H. M . Swallow ... 10. 00 Nashua . Y. P. S. C. E . First Cong . Ch ., B. of C ., for Charleston , S. C . Newport . Cong . Ch . ... 43. 38 North Hampton . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 13. 00 Northumberland . For Freight to McIntosh , Ga. ... 2. 00 Rochester . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 25. 00 Rindge . Cong . Soc . ... 10. 80 South Newmarket Miss H. L . Fitts , for Wilmington , N. C. ... 20. 00 Stratham . Cong . Ch ., to const . REV . GEORGE A. FOSS L. M . ... 30. 00 Swanzey . Cong . Soc . ... 7. 50 Tanmouth . Mrs. Amanda M. Dane , to const . HORACE A . PAGE L. M . ... 30. 00 VERMONT , $ 661. 17 . Barnet . Cong . Ch ., 49. 99 ; Cong . Sab . Sch ., 13. 61 ; Alexander Holmes , 20 ... 83. 60 Cambridge . Mrs. S. W . Safford , B. of C ., for McIntosh , Ga .; 2 for Freight ... 2. 00 Coventry . “ Friends , ” B. of C ., for McIntosh , Ga .; 2 for Freight ... 2. 00 East Corinth . Cong . Ch . ... 8. 47 Essex Junction . Cong . Ch . ... 4. 00 Franklin . Cong . Aid Soc ., Bbl . of C ., for McIntosh , Ga . Hartford . J. G . Stimson , for Cong . Ch . ... 100. 00 Manchester . W. H. M . Soc ., Freight to McIntosh , Ga. ... 1. 62 Manchester . “ A Friend ” ... 9. 50 Montpelier . “ Friends , ” 68. 90 and B. of Goods , for Meridian , Miss . ... 68. 90 North Craftsbury . For Freight to McIntosh , Ga. ... 3. 00 Norwich . Mrs. B. B . Newton ... 5. 00 Saint Albans . Christian Endeavor Soc ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . ... 50. 00 Saint Johnsbury . Box of C ., for McIntosh , Ga .; 2 for Freight ... 2. 00 Springfield . A. Woolson ... 200. 00 West Brattleboro . Cong . Ch ., B. of C ., for McIntosh , Ga . Westminster . Y. P. S. C. E ., by Carrie S. Watkins , for Indian M. ... 2. 55 Williston . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . ... 7. 00 Woodford . “ Soc . of Christian Endeavor ” ... 1. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Vt ., by Mrs. William P. Fairbanks , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Jamaica . Sab . Sch . ... 4. 53 Pittsford . Sab . Sch . ... 20. 00 Saint Johnsbury . W. H. M. S . of North Ch . ... 60. 00 Saxton 's River . W. H. M. S . ... 5. 00 ———— 89. 53 $ 640. 17 ESTATE . Jericho . Estate of Hosea Spaulding , by C. M . Spaulding , 10 ; A. C. Spaulding , 5 ; Helen M. Percival , 3 ; Ernest J. Spaulding , 3 ... 21. 00 $ 661. 17 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 37 , 154. 78 . Acton . Evan . Cong . Ch . ... 7. 50 Andover . Miss Lucia Merrill , for Mobile , Ala. ... 8. 00 Arlington . Mrs. M. J. Wiggin , Bbl . for Tougaloo U . Attleboro . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 5. 00 Belchertown . Mrs. D. B . Bruce ... 15. 00 Billerica . Mrs. H. B . Stanton ... 2. 00 Boston . Jacob P. Bates , for Student Aid , Girls ’ School , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 67. 00 Mrs. Woodbridge Oldin , for Miss Collins ’ Indian Work , Grand River , Dak . ... 10. 00 S. W . Merrill ... 1. 00 Charlestown . Winthrop Ch . Sew . Soc , for Tougaloo U . ... 1. 00 Mrs. E. H. Flint , Christmas Gifts for Tougaloo U . Winthrop Ch . Sew . Circle , Bbl ., for Tougaloo U . Dorchester . Y. P. S. C. E . of Pilgrim Ch ... 2. 33 East Somerville . Y. L . Mission Circle of First Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 20. 00 Franklin St. Ch . ... 4. 38 Neponset . Y. L . Aid Soc ., Box of Basted work , for Sew . Dept ., Talladega C . ———— 105. 71 Brimfield . First Cong . Ch . ... 6. 25 Brockton . Mrs. B. Sanford , for Freight to Tougaloo , Miss . ... 2. 00 Buckland . Cong . Ch . ... 14. 41 Cambridge . Y. L. M . Soc . North Ave . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p ... 17. 50 Cambridgeport . Prospect St . Ch ., 210. 11 ; Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., 30 , to const . MRS. CHARLES OLMSTEAD L. M . ... 240. 11 Campello . Cong . Ch ., to const HORACE BAKER L. M ., ad'l ... 50. 00 Chatham . Cong . Ch . ... 6. 12 Chester . W. S . Gamwell , for Student Aid , Lexington , Ky. ... 1. 00 Cohasset . Second Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 12. 25 Dalton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Sch'p , Santee Indian Sch . ... 17. 50 Dunstable . Cong . Ch . ... 32. 00 Douglass . Rev . James Wells , 5 ; Miss Wells ’ S. S. Class , 5 ; Pkg . Patchwork , for Tougaloo U . ... 10. 00 Georgetown . Y. P. S. C. E . of Memorial Ch ., 10 ; First Ch ., 30c ... 10. 30 Grafton . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 4. 00 Greenfield . Second Cong . Ch ., for Mountain Work ... 33. 75 Greenwich . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 24. 10 Holbrook . Winthrop Cong . Ch . ... 38. 49 Holbrook . Sab . Sch . of Winthrop Ch ., ad'l , for Student Aid , Fisk U . ... 38. 00 Holliston . “ Bible Christians ” ... 100. 00 Holyoke . Woman 's H. M. Soc . of First Ch ., Box of C .; 5 for Freight , for Grand View , Tenn. ... 5. 00 Hopedale . A. A. Westcott , for Student Aid , Sherwood , Tenn. ... 5. 00 Hopkinton . Mrs. Wing 's S. S. Class , for Mobile , Ala. ... 12. 00 Hubbardston . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of Work for Sew . Dept ., Talladega C . Hyde Park . First Cong . Ch . ... 20. 00 Lakeville . Woman 's Home Miss'y Soc ., for Indian M. ... 25. 50 Lancaster . Sab . Sch . of Evan . Ch . ... 11. 00 Lawrence . Trinity Sab . Sch ., 10 ; Y. P. S. C. E . of South Cong . Ch ., 4 ... 14. 00 Lawrence . Ladles of Lawrence St . Ch ., Bbl , Val . 107. 30 , by Mrs. S. J . Quimby , Sec ., for Sherwood , Tenn . Leicester . Cong . Ch ., for Talladega C. ... 1. 50 Leominster . Mrs. Wm . Howland , 25 ; Cong . Ch ., 5 , for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 30. 00 Manchester . Cong . Ch . ... 30. 00 Maplewood . Ladies ’ Social Union , Bbl ., for Raleigh , N. C . Marblehead . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 20. 00 Medford . McCollom Mission Circle of Mystic Ch . ... 25. 00 Middleboro . “ A Friend , ” for Indians , Chinese and Freedmen ... 3. 00 Millis . Cong . Ch . ... 15. 00 Newtonville . Central Cong . Ch . ... 106. 13 Northampton . “ C ” ... 100. 00 North Brookfield . Y. P. S. C. E . of First Cong . Ch . ... 5. 25 North Woburn . “ A Friend ” ... 5. 00 Oxford . Sab . Sch of Cong . Ch . ... 14. 67 Phillipston . Mrs. Mary P. Estey ... 5. 00 Plymouth . Church of the Pilgrimage ... 88. 60 Quincy . Evan . Cong . Ch . ... 120. 00 Randolph . Collected by Mrs. J. C. Labaree , for Woman 's Work ... 30. 00 Randolph . Y. L. M . Soc ., Freight to Tougaloo , Miss . ... 3. 40 Reading . Cong . Ch ,. ( 2 of which special ) ... 20. 00 Rockland . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Fisk U . Royalston . Ladies ’ Soc , Bbl . of Bedding , for Girls ’ Hall , Greenwood , N. C . Salem . Benev . Soc . Crombie St. Cong . Ch ., for Wilmington , N. C. ... 20. 35 Sheffield . Y. P. S. C. E ., Cong . Ch ., for Mountain Work ... 10. 00 South Amherst . Cong . Ch . ... 4. 50 South Easton . Cong . Ch ., for Fisk U ., ( 30 of which from Young Men 's Class , for Student Aid ) ... 68. 68 South Sudbury . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C. and Bedding , for New Orleans , La . Spencer . Cong . Ch . ... 22. 38 Spencer . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 5. 00 Spencer . “ Nickel Band , ” for Student Aid , Fisk U . ... 10. 00 Springfield . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., Class No . 16 , Bbl ., for Tougaloo U . Springfield . G. & C. Merriam , one copy Webster 's Unabridged Dictionary , for Grand View , Tenn . Springfield . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., 3 Bbls . of C ., for Charleston , S. C . Spring Hill . Y. P. S. C. E ., by C. E . Hoxie ... 6. 00 Sunderland . Mrs. F. G. Abby , Freight to Tougaloo , Miss . ... 2. 00 Taunton . Young People 's Union , Broadway Ch ., for Indian M. ... 25. 00 Townsend . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 30. 00 Upton . First Cong . Ch . ... 14. 47 Walpole . Y. P. S. C. E ., for Mountain Work ... 6. 26 Waltham . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., ( 10 of which from Miss Childs ’ and Miss Kidder 's classes on True Blue Cards .) ... 15. 76 Webster . First Cong . Ch ., Miss K. Goddard 's S. S. Class , 10. 25 ; Mrs. Goddard , 2. 40 , for Mountain Work ... 12. 65 Wellesley . Miss M. A . Stevens , 10 ; Cong . Ch ., adl ., 10 ... 20. 00 Wellesley . Wellesley College , Box of C ., for Savannah , Ga . Westboro . Young Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., for Woman 's Work ... 20. 00 West Brookfield . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 15. 15 West Brookfield . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Santee Agency , Neb . ... 7. 34 Westfield . First Cong . Ch ., Box C. and Box Books , for Grand View , Tenn . West Hawley . Y. P. S. C. E . by Carrie Atkins , Treas . ... 1. 76 West Medway . Second Cong . Ch . ... 2. 32 West Newton . “ Pax , ” for Atlanta U . ... 2. 00 Woburn . Mrs. Susan T. Greenough ... 5. 00 Worcester . Union Ch ., Albert Curtis , 100 ; Plymouth Ch ., 56 ; Union Ch ., 23 ; Pilgrim Ch ., 27. 10 ; “ Two Friends , ” 2 , for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 208. 10 Worcester . Summer St . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 2. 25 Worcester . Rev . T. W . Thompson , for Freight to Sherwood , Tenn. ... 2. 00 Worcester . Plymouth Ch ., Freight to Tougaloo , Miss . ... 1. 60 Worcester . Primary Dept . Sab . Sch . of Central Ch ., Box of Effects , for Marion , Ala . Worcester . “ A Friend ” ... 25. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Association , by Ella A. Leland , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : For Salary of Teachers ... 440. 00 For a Teacher , 100 ; For Pleasant Hill , Tenn ., 51 ... 151. 00 Cambridge . Aux . of First Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 10. 00 Newton . Mr. Cobb 's Class , Eliot Ch ., for Sch'p , Santee Agency Indian Sch ., Neb . ... 6. 25 ———— 607. 25 Hampden County Benevolent Society , by Charles Marsh , Treas . : Monson . ... 29. 56 South Hadley Falls . ... 12. 25 South Hadley Falls . For Gregory Inst ., Wilmington , N. C. ... 5. 13 Springfield . North ... 33. 00 Springfield . Indian Orchard ... 14. 74 West Springfield . Park ... 15. 00 West Springfield . Mittineague ... 14. 63 ———— 124. 31 $ 2 , 813. 17 ESTATES . Framingham . Estate of Mrs. Mary F. Cutler , by George E. Cutler and Chas . F. Cutler , Executors ... 841. 61 Greenfield . Estate of Ex-Gov . William B. Washburn , by W. N . Washburn and F. G. Fessenden , Ex 's ... 30 , 000. 00 Medfield . Estate of Mrs. Abigail Cummings , by E. A . Hildreth and S. B . Hildreth , Executors , for the education , instruction and improvement of the Colored population of the South ... 1 , 500. 00 Woburn . Estate of Daniel Richardson , by William Beggs , Ex . ... 2 , 000. 00 $ 37 , 154. 78 CLOTHING , BOOKS , ETC ., RECEIVED AT BOSTON OFFICE Alfred , Me . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl ., for Selma , Ala . North Bridgton . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl ., for Tougaloo , Miss . Exeter , N. H. Ladies of Second Cong . Ch ., 3 Bbls ., Val . 195 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn . Brockton , Mass . Mrs. B. Sanford , Bbl ., for Tougaloo , Miss . Cambridgeport , Mass . Mrs. R. T. Howes , Broadcloth Suit , for Minister , Birmingham , Ala . Newton , Mass . Eliot Ch ., Mrs. M. T . Vincent , Box , for Sherwood , Tenn . West Newton , Mass . Miss Alice Williston , Box , for McLeansville , N. C . Yarmouthport , Mass . Ladies ’ Sewing Circle , Box , for Raleigh , N. C . RHODE ISLAND , $ 1 , 089. 97 . Central Falls . “ Mission Workers . ” Cong . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p ... 20. 00 Little Compton . United Cong . Ch . ... 12. 00 Providence . Union Cong . Ch ., ( of which 57. 20 for Indian Work ) ... 817. 11 Providence . James Coats ... 100. 00 Providence . Central Ch ., 35 ; Union Ch ., 25 ; Miss Emily Howard , 25 ; Blackstone Chapel , 17 ; Plymouth Ch ., 11. 75 ; Riverside Ch ., 7. 11 ; Beneficent Ch ., Mr. Troup , 5 ; Phoenix Bap't Ch ., 5 , for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. ... 130. 86 Providence . Y. P. S. C. E . of North Cong . Ch ., for Grand View , Tenn. ... 10. 00 Providence . W. H . Waite , Bbl . of Papers CONNECTICUT , $ 13 , 301. 19 . Ansonia . Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., for Girls ’ Hall , Santee Agency , Neb . ... 20. 00 Bethel . Cong . Ch ., 64. 82 ; “ Thanksgiving Offering , ” 5 ... 69. 82 Bridgeport . First Cong . Ch . ... 146. 31 Bridgeport Y. P. S. C. E ., Park St . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p ... 12. 27 Bristol . Miss Nettleton 's Class , Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Indian Sch'p ... 14. 00 Centerbrook and Ivoryton . Cong . Ch ., ad'l , to const . MISS ISABEL NORTHROP and N. D. MILLER L. M 's ... 49. 27 Centerbrook and Ivoryton . Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 18. 00 Cornwall . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. ... 14. 75 Columbia . “ Friends , ” B. of C ., for McIntosh , Ga . East Hampton . Dea . S. Skinner , for Talladega C. ... 10. 00 East Hartford . “ A Friend , ” to const . MISS HARRIET M. OLMSTED and MISS M. ELLA PORTER L. M 's ... 60. 00 Essex . First Cong . Ch . ... 25. 33 Farmington . Miss M. G . Jones , 2 Packages C ., for Tougaloo U . Guilford . First Cong . Ch ., to const . ELI T. DUDLEY L. M . ... 30. 00 Guilford . Wigwam Club , by Mary F. Munson , Bbl ., Val ., 39. 84 , for Ramona Sch ., Santa Fe Hadlyme . J. W . Hungerford ... 100. 00 Hampton . “ A Friend ” ... 5. 00 Hartford . Mrs. Henry A. Perkins , for Perkin 's Hall , Santee Agency , Neb ., Indian M. ... 1 , 000. 00 Hartford . Sab . Sch . of Asylum Hill Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. Santee Agency , Neb . ... 100. 00 Hartford . Windsor Av . Cong . Ch ., 10. 60 ; Asylum Hill Cong . Ch ., Rev . Wm . H. Moore , 10 ; Mrs. L. M . Hotchkiss , 4 ... 24. 60 Hartford . “ Friends ” in Asylum Hill Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 3. 00 Hebron . “ A Friend ” ... 3. 00 Ivoryton . Y. P. S. C. E ., for Indian Sch'p ... 17. 50 Ivoryton . Miss Isabel Northrop and Sab . Sch . Class , for Indian M. ... 12. 50 Kensington . Cong . Ch ., 34. 53 , to const MRS. CORNELIUS W. DUNHAM L. M . ; William Upson , 10 ... 44. 53 Lebanon . Goshen Cong . Ch ., for Talladega C. ... 15. 00 Ledyard . “ A Friend ” ... 2. 00 Lyme . First Cong . Ch . ... 29. 74 Mansfield . Geo . F. King ... 1. 00 Melrose . Mrs. Wm . H. Thompson ... 10. 00 Meriden . Mrs. G. W . Carter , Pkg . Patchwork , for Tougaloo U . Milford . Plymouth Ch . ... 50. 00 Middletown . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 35. 00 New Haven . United Ch ., 374. 83 ; J. L . Ensign , 10 ... 384. 83 New Haven . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p ... 17. 50 New London . Second Cong . Ch . ... 324. 60 New London . Mrs. J. N . Harris , for Indian M. ... 20. 00 North Guilford . Cong . Ch . ... 20 00 North Haven . Y. P. S. C. E ., by Miss E. G . Marihugh , Treas . ... 15. 00 Plainfield . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 25. 70 ; Y. P. S. C. E . of First Cong . Ch ., 9. 69 ... 35. 39 Plainville . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 10. 00 Pomfret . Rev . C. P . Grosvenor , 2 Boxes of Books , for Talladega C . Putnam . Sab . Sch . or Second Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . ... 25. 00 Ridgefield . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 10. 00 Sound Beach . A. P . Cobb ... 4. 50 South Norwalk . Mrs. E. S . Hall , for Tougaloo U . ... 1. 80 Stratford . “ A. S. C . ” ... 3. 00 Thomaston . Cong . Ch ., 10. 57 ; Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., 11. 65 ... 22. 22 Trumbull . Cong . Ch . ... 7. 30 Washington . “ N . ” ... 10. 00 Waterbury . First Cong . Ch . ... 150. 00 Wauregan . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. ... 8. 00 West Haven . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 47. 38 Westminster . Mrs. A. C. Greene 's Sab . Sch . Class ... 10. 00 Wilton . Cong . Ch . ... 60. 00 Winchester . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 55 Windsor . Mrs. E. N . Loomis ... 10. 00 Windsor . Mrs. M. E . Pierson , for Student Aid , Sherwood , Tenn. ... 10. 00 Windsor Locks . Cong . Ch ., for Jewett Memorial Hall ... 25. 00 Winthrop . Mrs. Clarissa Rice , 2 ; Mrs. M. A . Jones , 1. 50 ... 3. 50 Woodbury . Ladies ’ M . Soc ., First Cong . Ch ., ( 18 of which for Student Aid ) , for Williamsburg , Ky. ... 25. 00 Woodstock . First Cong . Ch ., ad'l , to const . MISS DAISY AMSDEN , MRS. CAROLINE BOYDEN and ADELBERT LYON L. M 's ... 16. 00 ——. “ Friends in Connecticut ” for Native Indian Missionary ... 100. 00 $ 3 , 301. 19 ESTATE . New Britain . Estate of C. B . Erwin , by Henry E. Russell , Jr ., Executor ... 10 , 000. 00 $ 13 , 301. 19 NEW YORK , $ 740. 50 . Amsterdam . N. R . and S. L . Bell ... 5. 00 Brooklyn . Mrs. J. H . Adams , 50 ; The Misses Thurston , 50 , for Indian M. ... 100. 00 Brooklyn . Pilgrim Chapel , for Indian Hospital ... 25. 88 Brooklyn . Park Cong . Ch . ... 6. 50 Brooklyn . “ Lilly Circle , ” Park Ch ., Christmas Package , by Miss Edith Leonard , for Santee Indian Sch . Canandaigua . First Cong . Ch . ... 43. 50 Eldred . Cong . Ch . ... 4. 00 Ellington . Mrs. H. B . Rice ... 5. 00 Flushing . First Cong . Ch . ... 51. 42 Hamilton . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Holly . “ Life Member ” ... 10. 00 Jamestown . First Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 LeRoy . Mrs. L. A. Parsons ... 5. 00 Millers 's Place . Mrs. S. B . Jones ... 1. 00 Mount Sinai . Cong . Ch . ... 8. 00 New York . S. T . Gordon ... 100. 00 New York . B. VanWagenen , for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 25. 00 New York . Mrs. Armour , Box Toys and Clothing , for Troy , N. C . Ovid . D. W. Kinne ... 5. 00 Paris . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ... 13. 75 Perry Centre . L. M . Soc ., Freight to Tougaloo , Miss . ... 1. 25 Phoenix . Kings ’ Daughters and Primary S. S. Class , Bbl . C . etc ., for Talladega C . Portland . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . ... 5. 50 Sherburne . Miss E. A . Rexford , for Mountain Work ... 5. 00 Smyrna . Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch ., to const . DWIGHT L. SWEET L. M . ... 50. 00 Syracuse . Plymouth Ch . ... 20. 12 Walton . First Cong . Ch . ... 101. 58 Waterville . Mrs. John Haven , 20 ; Miss M. E . Barnes , 5 ... 25. 00 West Bloomfield . Cong . Ch . ... 36. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of N. Y ., by Mrs. L. H . Cobb , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Homer . Band of Hope ... 5. 00 Lockport . Ladies ’ Aux ., for Sch'p , Talladega C. ... 30. 00 Paris . Judd Mission Band ... 6. 00 Saratoga . Ladies ’ Soc ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 20. 00 Geddes . Cong . Ch . ... 6. 00 ———— 67. 00 NEW JERSEY , $ 23. 88 . Montclair . L. H. M . Soc ., Cong . Ch ., Pkg . Bedding , for Tougaloo U . Newark . Christian Endeavor Soc . of Belleville Av . Cong . Ch . ... 8. 15 Upper Montclair . Sab . Sch . of Christian Union Ch . ... 15. 73 Vineland . Geo . W. Lewis . Bbl . of Papers OHIO , $ 5 , 299. 17 . Austinburg . W. M. S . and S. S . Classes , Cong . Ch ., 10 ; Kings ’ Daughters , 2 , for Student Aid , Marion , Ala. ... 12. 00 Austinburg . Ladies ’ Aid Soc ., Box of C ., etc ., for Marion , Ala . Chatham Center . Mrs. M. S . Clapp ... 1. 00 Cincinnati . “ Friends , ” B. of C ., for McIntosh , Ga . Cincinnati . Ladies of Central Ch ., Box of C ., for Fisk U Cleveland . Euclid Av . Cong . Ch ., 83. 30 ; Jennings Av . Cong . Ch ., 25 ; “ Pulpit Supply , ” 15 ; Rev . I. W . Metcalf , 10 ; Rev . W. F . McMillen , 10 ; Mrs. Caroline A. Garlick , 2 ; Society of Christian Endeavor , by Jennie Macdougall , Sec ., 6. 56 ... 151. 86 Columbus . C. E . Dunham , for Wilmington , N. C. ... 3. 00 Columbus . Mrs. P. A . Crafts , Box of Books , for McIntosh , Ga . Columbus . Ladies of First Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C ., for Fisk U . Hartford . Cong . Ch . ... 15. 65 Fremont . C. T . Rogers ... 5. 00 Jersey . Mrs. C. F . Slough ... 4. 50 Norfolk . “ A Friend , ” for Indian M. ... 5. 00 Norwalk . First Cong . Ch . ... 25. 17 Pittsfield . Union Sab . Sch ., for Mountain Work ... 3. 25 Simons . Miss Lizzie Clark , for Mobile , Ala. ... 2. 00 Springfield . Cong . Ch . ... 9. 00 Youngstown . J. D . Whitney ... 1. 00 Wakeman . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., B. of C ., for Fisk U . Ohio Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. F. L . Fairchild , Treasurer , for Woman 's Work : Cleveland . First Cong . Ch ., W. H. M. S . ... 10. 00 Cleveland . Y. P. S. C. E ., First Ch . ... 0. 75 Columbus . Eastwood Ch , Mrs. P. A . Crafts , 30 ; E. T . Bronson , 5 ; P. L . Alcott , 5 , for Miss Collins ’ Indian Work ... 30. 00 Edinburg . Branch of O. W. H. M. U ., for Mist Collins ’ Indian Work ... 5. 00 Harmar . Oak Grove Mission Band ... 3. 00 Hudson . L. H. M. S . ... 7. 50 Johnsonville . Home Land Circle ... 2. 24 Litchfield . L. M. S . ... 5. 00 North Bloomfield . Kings ’ Daughters ... 10. 00 Oberlin . Second Ch ., Ladies ’ Soc . ... 60. 00 Oberlin . First Ch ., Aid Soc ., for Miss Collins ’ Indian Work ... 5. 00 Salem . Mrs. D. A . Allen ... 5. 00 ———— 143. 49 $ 381. 92 ESTATES . Austinburg . Estate of Miss Elizabeth G. Austin , by Henry Fassett , Adm'r . ... 1 , 223. 50 Mechanicstown . Estate of Mrs. Susan Manifold , by William Boyd , Executor ... 3 , 393. 75 $ 5 , 299. 17 INDIANA , $ 2. 00 . Sparta . John Hawkswell ... 2. 00 ILLINOIS , $ 930. 94 . Alton . Chas . Phinney ... 25. 00 Aurora . First Cong . Ch . ... 18. 04 Batavia . Cong . Ch . ... 30. 40 Bartlett . Cong . Ch . ... 7. 00 Belvidere . Mrs. M. C . Foote , 5 , for Tillotson C. and N . Inst . ; 3 for Woman 's Bureau ... 8. 00 Champaign . Cong . Ch . ... 9. 84 Chicago . New England Cong . Ch ., 106. 79 ; “ Hapland , ” 100 ; “ Friend , ” 51. 30 ; W. H. M. U . of South Cong . Ch ., 30 ... 287. 99 Chicago . First Cong . Ch ., for Fort Berthold , Indian M. ... 30. 00 Chicago . Mrs. E. C . Hancock , Pkg . Christmas Gifts , for Sherwood , Tenn . Chicago . Wm . Babbitt , Chest of Carpenters Tools , for Austin , Texas Earlville . “ J. A. D . ” ... 25. 00 Galena . Mrs. Ann Bean ... 2. 50 Geneseo . Cong . Ch . ... 107. 96 Hampton . Henry Clark ... 5. 00 Hyde Park . S. S. Class , Presb . Ch ., by Miss Elsie Cole , for Student Aid , Marion , Ala. ... 1. 50 Kewanee . Cong . Ch . ... 32. 44 Mendon . Mrs. J. Fowler ... 40. 00 Morrison . Robert Wallace , to const . MRS. SUSAN P. ROGERS and MRS. WILLIAM H. WALLACE L. M 'S ... 100. 00 Normal . Mrs. P. E . Leach ... 5. 00 Oak Park . Royal Legion Class , Box Literature , for Marion , Ala . Ottawa . Cong . Ch . ... 45. 47 Ottawa . Cong . Ch . Sab . Sch ., for Mobile , Ala. ... 6. 40 Peoria , Miss Rutherford 's S. S. Class , for Mobile , Ala. ... 12. 00 Princeton , Mrs. P. B . Corss ... 15. 00 Rio . Sab . Sch ., by Mrs. John T. Avery ... 7. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Illinois , by Mrs. C. E . Maltby , Treasurer , for Woman 's Work : Aurora . ——, for Indian M. ... 15. 00 Millburn . ... 25. 50 Morris . L. M . Soc . ... 10. 00 Port Byron . ... 14. 40 Rockford . First Ch . ... 15. 00 Rockford . First Ch ., for Indian M. ... 21. 00 South Chicago . ... 2. 50 Toulon . ... 6. 00 ———— 109. 40 MICHIGAN , $ 268. 46 Agricultural College . Prof. R. C . Kedzie . ... 10. 00 Belding . J. W . Bushnell . ... 10. 00 Dowagiac . A. Benedict . ... 10. 00 Grand Rapids . First Cong . Ch . ... 33. 60 Grand Rapids . Young Ladies ’ Park . Miss . Soc . Cong . Ch ., for Santee Indian M. 20. 00 Kalamazoo . T. Hudson , to const . PRES . C. A. BLANCHARD L. M ., 50 for Student Aid , Beach Inst ., Savannah , Ga ., and 50 for Hampton , Va. ... 100. 00 Lake Linden . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 10. 00 Milford , Mrs. Wm . A . Arms . ... 5. 00 Northville . D. Pomeroy . ... 5. 00 Saint Johns . Y. P. S. C. E . of First Cong . Ch ., by P. E . Walsworth , Sec . ... 2. 00 Union City . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . of C. etc , for Marion , Ala . Vermontville . Cong . Ch . ... 15. 21 Whitehall . Cong . Ch ., 10 ; Girls ’ Miss'y Soc ., 5 . ... 15. 00 Woman 's Home Miss'y Union of Mich ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 5. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Michigan , by Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Allendale . W. H . and F. M. S . ... 5. 00 Cadilas . W. H. M. S . ... 3. 00 Covert . W. M. S . ... 7. 00 Detroit . Ladies ’ Union , First Ch . ... 10. 00 Detroit . Y. L. M. C ., Trumbull Av . Ch . ... 2. 65 ———— 27. 65 WISCONSIN , $ 155. 94 Berlin . Young Conquerors ’ Mission Band , for Student Aid , Fisk U . ... 3. 86 Hartford . Mr. and Mrs. R. Freeman , 30. to const . ALTA E. WEEKS L. M . ; Cong . Ch ., 20. 32 . ... 50. 32 LaCrosse . First Cong . Ch . ... 40. 00 Madison . First Cong . Ch ., by W. H . Chandler . ... 50. 00 Stoughton . Miss . H. Sewell and Friends , Box Books , etc ., for Sherwood , Tenn . Wisconsin Woman 's Home Missionary Union , for Woman 's Work : Clinton . W. M. S . ... 4. 00 Madison . W. M. S . First Cong . Ch . ... 7. 76 ———— 11. 76 IOWA . $ 242. 45 Burlington . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Mountain Work . ... 10. 00 Burlington . Mercy Lewis . ... 1. 00 DesMoines . Plymouth Cong . Ch ., thro . Mrs. J. M . Otis , Clothing , for Talladega , Ala . Fairfield . J. W . Burnett . ... 25. 00 Grinnell . Cong . Ch . ... 108. 32 Marion . Cong . Ch . ... 9. 50 Muscatine . “ Two Friends ” . ... 5. 00 Fairfax . Cong . Sab . Sch . ... 1. 50 Gilbert Station . Cong . Ch . ... 3. 55 McGregor . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . ... 5. 00 McGregor . Ladies ’ Miss'y Circle , for Freight to New Orleans , La . ... 1. 40 Waucoma . Miss'y Soc ., by Mrs. Sarah . W. Beggs , Treas ., for Beach Inst ., Savannah , Ga. ... 12. 00 Iowa Woman 's Home Missionary Union , for Woman 's Work : Alden . L. M. S . ... 1. 55 Alden . Mrs. E. Rogers . ... 2. 00 Alden . Mrs. I. H . Utley . ... 0. 35 Big Rock . W. H. M. U . ... 4. 20 Dubuque . Y. P. B . Soc ., for Mrs. DeForest , for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 8. 00 Grinnell . W. H. M. U . ... 9. 73 Grinnell . “ A Friend ” . ... 1. 00 McGregor . W. M. S . ... 9. 73 Monticello . W. M. S . ... 8. 00 Red Oak . W. M. S . ... 5. 00 Stacyville . W. M. S . ... 7. 00 Toledo . L. M. S . 1. 62 Wentworth . “ A few young Ladies ” . ... 2. 00 ———— 60. 18 MINNESOTA . $ 93. 01 Glyndon . “ Church at Glyndon , ” 6. 25 , Sab . Sch ., 59c ; Mrs. Martha Millard , 1 . ... 7. 84 Hamilton . Cong . Ch . ... 5. 00 Hastings . D. B . Truax . ... 5. 00 Minneapolis , Plymouth Ch ., 53 , Union Cong . Ch . 15. 42 . ... 68. 42 Minneapolis . Sab . Sch . Pilgrim Ch . Bbl ., for Tougaloo U . Morristown . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 00 Pelican Rapids . Miss'y Soc ., Box of Work etc ., for Jonesboro , Tenn . Saint Paul . Sab . Sch . Class , for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 2. 25 MISSOURI . $ 89. 81 Saint Louis . First Trin . Cong . Ch ., 79. 56 ; Third Cong . Ch ., 10. 72 . ... 89. 81 KANSAS . $ 66. 25 Council Grove . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Kirwin . Cong . Ch . ... 8. 25 Lawrence . Second Cong . Ch . ... 5. 00 Sabetha . Cong . Ch . ... 8. 00 Topeka . “ Helping Hand , ” 25 ; Miss L. Storrs , 5 ; for Meridian , Miss . ... 30. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Society of Kansas , by Mrs. F. J. Storrs , President , for Woman 's Work : Topeka . Sab . Sch . of Central Ch . ... 5. 00 NEBRASKA . $ 50. 42 Clarks . Y. P. S. C. E ., by M. L . Thomas , Sec . for Student Aid , Atlanta U . ... 3. 18 Crete . Mrs. F. L . Foss . ... 5. 00 Fairfield . Cong . Ch . ... 11. 63 Nebraska City . First Cong . Ch . ... 8. 61 Oxford . F. A . Wood . ... 10. 00 Rising City . E. Grubb . ... 12. 00 NORTH DAKOTA . $ 1. 36 Wahpeton . Y. P . Soc . of Christian Endeavor , by R. T. Barber , Treas . ... 1. 36 SOUTH DAKOTA . $ 52. 97 Grand Forks . Plymouth Cong . Ch . ... 40. 00 South Dakota Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. S. E . Fifield , Treasurer , for Woman 's Work : Bowdie ... 1. 50 Henry ... 2. 53 Yankton . Y. P. M. B . ... 7. 20 Yankton . W. M. S . ... 1. 74 ———— 12. 97 UTAH , $ 2. 00 . Salt Lake City . Burlington Y. P. S. C. E ., by Emma M. Blodgett , Treas . ... 2. 00 WASHINGTON , $ 5. 00 . Sumner . E. D . Swezey ... 5. 00 CALIFORNIA , $ 75. 00 . Los Angeles . Rev . E. H. Hildreth , to const . EDWARD T. HILDRETH L. M . ... 50. 00 Santa Barbara . Emily Beckwith , 12 .; Mrs. M. B . VanWinkle , 2 ... 14. 00 San Diego . Misses Mather ... 10. 00 Santa Rosa . John Schatz ... 1. 00 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , $ 55. 00 . District of Columbia . Soc . of C. E ., Lincoln Mem . Ch . ... 10. 00 Washington . Genl . E. Whittlesey , 25 ; First Cong . Ch . “ Two Ladies , ” 5 each , 10 ... 35. 00 Washington . Ministering League of First Cong . Ch . for Marie Adlof Sch'p Fund Tougaloo U . ... 10. 00 MARYLAND , $ 45. 00 . Agricultural College . W. H . Bishop , for Tougaloo U . ... 45. 00 VIRGINIA , $ 5. 00 . Hampton . Miss Marsh , for Student Aid , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. ... 5. 00 KENTUCKY , $ 11. 50 . Lexington . Miss Etta M. Hitchcock , for Student Aid , 1. 50 ; for Mission Sab . Sch ., 5 ; A Friend , 5 ; for Student Aid , Lexington , Ky. ... 11. 50 TENNESSEE , $ 23. 50 . Jonesboro . Cong . Ch . ... 10. 00 Cleveland . Chas . N. Cooper , M. D . ... 10. 00 Knoxville . Ogden Brothers ... 0. 50 Knoxville . “ The Pine Forest Union ” Y. P. S. C. E ., by Maggie Howell , Treas . ... 3. 00 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 8. 50 . Chapel Hill . Mrs. C. E . Jones ... 4. 00 High Point . Cong . Ch . ... 1. 50 Nalls . Cong . Ch . ... 0. 50 Salem . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 50 GEORGIA . Atlanta . The New Home Sewing Machine Co ., No . 4 New Home Sewing Machine , for Conn. Industrial Sch ., Thomasville , Ga . FLORIDA . Saint Petersburg . Geo . Johnson , Box Oranges , “ Kings ’ Daughters ” Box Toys , etc ., for Troy N. C . ALABAMA , $ 15. 34 . Athens . Y. P. S. C. E . of Trinity Sch . ... 1. 60 Birmingham . Cong . Ch ., for Talladega C. ... 5. 00 Kymulga . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. ... 1. 00 Talladega . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. ... 7. 74 LOUISIANA , $ 8. 00 . Louisiana . Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. C. S . Shattuck , Treasurer , for Woman 's Work : Hammond ... 1. 00 New Iberia . St. Paul 's Ch ., Aux . ... 1. 00 New Orleans , Straight U . ... 5. 00 New Orleans , Morris Brown Ch . ... 1. 00 ———— 8. 00 TEXAS , $ 2. 50 Dallas . Cong . Ch . ... 2. 50 CANADA , $ 5. 00 . Montreal . Chas . Alexander ... 5. 00 JAPAN , $ 20. 00 . Kyoto . Branch of the Church of Christ , by Sam'l C. Bartlett , Treas . ... 20. 00 Donations ...$ 11 , 937. 50 Estates ... 49 , 279. 86 $ 61 , 217. 36 INCOME , $ 30. 00 . Scholarship Fund , for Fisk U . ... 30. 00 TUITION , $ 4 , 935. 20 . Lexington , Ky . Tuition ... 219. 05 Chapel Hill , N. C . Tuition ... 6. 10 Troy , N. C . Tuition ... 21. 90 Wilmington , N. C . Tuition ... 202. 00 Charleston , S. C . Tuition ... 275. 38 Greenwood , S. C . Tuition ... 132. 65 Crossville , Tenn . Tuition ... 70. 00 Jellico , Tenn . Tuition ... 56. 95 Jonesboro , Tenn. County Fund ... 100. 00 Jonesboro , Tenn . Tuition ... 3. 00 Memphis , Tenn . Tuition ... 512. 90 Nashville , Tenn . Tuition ... 628. 68 Oakdale , Tenn. Pub . Sch . Fund ... 117. 00 Pleasant Hill , Tenn . Tuition ... 27. 45 Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Public Fund ... 22. 00 Sherwood , Tenn. Public Fund ... 25. 00 Sherwood , Tenn . Tuition ... 17. 00 Macon , Ga . Tuition ... 417. 05 McIntosh , Ga . Tuition ... 74. 88 Savannah , Ga . Tuition ... 240. 00 Thomasville , Ga . Tuition ... 86. 70 Anniston , Ala . Tuition ... 181. 08 Athens , Ala . Tuition ... 87. 55 Marion , Ala . Tuition ... 97. 00 Mobile , Ala . Tuition ... 221. 75 Selma . Ala . Tuition ... 102. 15 New Orleans , La . Tuition ... 488. 00 Meridian , Miss . Tuition ... 96. 55 Tougaloo , Miss . Tuition ... 232. 25 Austin , Texas . Tuition ... 178. 18 ———— 4 , 935. 20 United States Government for the Education of Indians ... 2 , 365. 20 Total for February ...$ 68 , 547. 76 ======== SUMMARY . Donations ... 86 , 417. 76 Estates ... 80 , 534. 63 $ 166. 952. 39 Income ... 3 , 688. 31 Tuition ... 17 , 747. 37 United States Government for the education of Indians ... 8 , 049. 6 Total from Oct. 1 to Feb. 28 ...$ 196 , 437. 74 FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions for February ...$ 104. 23 Previously acknowledged ... 372. 89 Total ...$ 477. 12 H. W . HUBBARD , Treasurer , Bible House , N. Y . Advertisements . “ A THING OF BEAUTY IS A JOY FOREVER . ” THE RISING SUN STOVE POLISH PRICE 10 CENTS For beauty of polish , saving of labor , freeness from dust , Durability and cheapness , truly unrivalled in any country . Caution .— Beware of worthless imitations under other names , Put up in similar shape and color intended to deceive . Each Package of the genuine bears our Trade Mark . Take no other . MORSE BROS . Proprietors , Boston Ma .] SOLD BY MERCHANTS IN CIVILIZED COUNTRIES . DR. WARNER 'S CAMELS HAIR HEALTH UNDERWEAR FOR MEN WOMEN AND CHILDREN .] A new Fabric for Underwear superior to Silk or Wool . A protection against Colds . Sold by leading Merchants . Catalogues sent on application . WARNER BROS. 859 Broadway , N. Y . $ 60 SALARY . $ 40 EXPENSES IN ADVANCE allowed each month . Steady employment at home or traveling . No soliciting . Duties delivering and making collections . No Postal Cards . Address with stamp , HAFER & CO ., Piqna , O . THE BURTON HOUSE , PRIVATE BOARDING . Summit St , Crescent City , FLA Open al the Year . Charges Moderate . D. W. BURTON . Prop . INDELIBLE Illustration Sold by all Druggists , Stationers , News and Fancy Goods dealers . “ Do n't on any account omit to mark plainly all your sheets , pillow cases , napkins and towels . Mark all of your own personal wardrobe which has to be washed . If this were invariably done , a great deal of property would be saved to owners , and a great deal of would be spared those who ‘ sort out ’ clean pieces . ” KATE UPSON CLARK . Illustration MENEELY & COMPANY , WEST TROY , N. Y ., BELLS , For Churches , Schools , etc ., also Chimes and Peals . For more than half a century noted for superiority over all others . JOSEPH GILLOTT 'S STEEL PENS GOLD MEDAL PARIS EXPOSITION 1978 . Nos . 303-404-170-604 . THE MOST PERFECT OF PENS .