The American Missionary . November , 1889 . Volume XLIII . No . 11 . Contents EDITORIAL . Free Once More The National Council The Colored Delegates The Mohonk Conference Notes from New England Death of Superintendent Hall and of Dr. Lane GENERAL SURVEY . The South Educational Work Church Work Mountain Work The Indians The Chinese Enlargements and Improvements Woman 's Work Finances Daniel Hand Fund THE CHINESE . Review Of The Year BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . Paragraphs Woman 's Work in North Carolina Woman 's State Organizations RECEIPTS NEW YORK . PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . Rooms , 56 Reade Street . Price , 50 Cents a Year , in Advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York , N. Y ., as Second-Class Matter . American Missionary Association . PRESIDENT , Rev . WM . M. TAYLOR , D. D ., LL. D ., N. Y . Vice-Presidents . Rev . A. J. F . BEHRENDS , D. D ., N. Y. Rev . F. A . NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. Rev . ALEX . MCKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . Rev . D. O . MEARS , D. D ., Mass . Rev . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . Corresponding Secretaries . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y. Rev . A. F . BEARD , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . Recording Secretary . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . Treasurer . H. W . HUBBARD . Esq ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . Auditors . PETER McCARTEE . CHAS . P. PEIRCE . Executive Committee . JOHN H. WASHBURN , Chairman . ADDISON P. FOSTER , Secretary . For Three Years . J. E . RANKIN , WM . H. WARD , J. W . COOPER , JOHN H. WASHBURN , EDMUND L. CHAMPLIN . For Two Years . LYMAN ABBOTT , CHAS . A . HULL , CLINTON B. FISK , ADDISON P. FOSTER , ALBERT J. LYMAN . For One Year . S. B . HALLIDAY , SAMUEL HOLMES , SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , ELBERT B. MONROE . District Secretaries Rev . C. J . RYDER , 21 Cong'l House , Boston . Rev . J. E . ROY , D. D ., 151 Washington Sheet , Chicago . Rev . C. W . HIATT , 64 Euclid Avenue , Cleveland , Ohio . Financial Secretary for Indian Missions . Rev . CHAS . W. SHELTON . Field Superintendents . Rev . FRANK E. JENKINS . Prof. EDWARD S. HALL . Secretary of Woman 's Bureau . Miss D. E . EMERSON , 56 Reade St ., N. Y . COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office ; letters relating to the finances , to the Treasurer . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post-office orders , may be sent to H. W . Hubbard , Treasurer , 56 Reade Street , New York , or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., or 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill. A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a Life Member . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS .— The date on the “ address label , ” indicates the time to which the subscription is paid . Changes are made in date on label to the 10th of each month . If payment of subscription be made afterward , the change on the label will appear a month later . Please send early notice of change in post-office address , giving the former address and the new address , in order that our periodicals and occasional papers may be correctly mailed . FORM OF A BEQUEST “ I bequeath to my executor ( or executors ) the sum of —— dollars , in trust , to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person who , when the same is payable , shall act as Treasurer of the ‘ American Missionary Association , ’ of New York City , to be applied , under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association , to its charitable uses and purposes . ” The Will should be attested by three witnesses . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . VOL . XLIII . NOVEMBER , 1889 . NO . 11 . AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . FREE ONCE MORE . At the close of our fiscal year in 1887 , we were enabled to utter the joyful word “ Free , ” no debt darkening our balance sheet . Last year ( 1888 ) we were compelled to moderate our tone and say “ Not quite free , ” for a balance of $ 5 , 641. 21 stood on the wrong side of our ledger . But now , in the good providence of God , we can say “ Free once more . ” Our receipts from all sources were $ 376 , 216. 88 ; payments , including debt of last year , $ 371 , 745. 21 , leaving a credit balance of $ 4 , 471. 67 . For this good result we are in some measure indebted to legacies . But , under all circumstances , we rejoice in the past and look forward with hope to the future . The work we have in hand , with its grand results , as will be seen in the “ General Survey ” published in this number of the MISSIONARY , will encourage our friends , and the call there made for growth and enlargement , will , we are sure , stimulate them to increased contributions and more earnest prayer . The “ Survey ” will also contain a statement of the income and expenditure of the Hand Fund . THE NATIONAL COUNCIL . The gathering of this representative body of the Congregational churches of this country was the largest ever held . It grappled more fully than any of its predecessors had done with great questions touching the missionary and benevolent societies in their relations to the churches and to each other , and the consolidation of the missionary magazines . The most exciting topic discussed was that of the Georgia Congregational Churches , white and colored . The result reached on this point was that the representatives of two District Conferences were enrolled , and that the representative of the United Congregational Conference of Georgia was given a seat as an honorary member . THE COLORED DELEGATES . The Southern Associations were represented by six colored delegates in the National Council . Their bearing and ability won the respect and admiration of the whole Council . They were modest and manly in their deportment , prudent in their counsels and very eloquent in their speech . They showed themselves to be the peers of their white brethren , and demonstrated beyond a question the capacity of the colored man for the highest intellectual and moral training . They were a credit to the American Missionary Association , whose pupils they have been , and were a living and triumphant vindication of its work at the South . THE MOHONK CONFERENCE . The seventh annual gathering of this Conference , Oct. 2-5 , was the largest ever assembled . Among those present for the first time were Ex-President Hayes , Gen. O. O . Howard , Gen. John Eaton , Prof. Wayland and Dr. Wayland . The newspaper press , religious and secular , was very fully represented ; Abbott , Buckley , Dunning , Gilbert , Ward and Wayland are perhaps best known . The venerable Judge Strong well represented the law , while the absence of Senator Dawes was sincerely regretted . A marked feature of the Conference was the presence of Gen. Morgan , Commissioner of Indian Affairs . For weeks prior to the meeting of the Conference , rumors had gone abroad that he intended to abolish the “ contract schools ” — that is , schools of the missionary societies which the Government by a “ contract ” agrees to assist . Articles had appeared in the newspapers remonstrating against this course , and it was believed that this topic would be one of most practical interest in the Conference . The Commissioner early in the meetings read a paper outlining his plan for the establishment of Government schools for all Indian children — the attendance to be compulsory . The omission of all mention of the “ contract schools ” in this paper confirmed the impression to which rumor had given currency . An animated discussion followed the reading of his paper , in which the Commissioner freely participated . It appeared that he had been misunderstood — at least in so far as any immediate curtailment of the “ contract schools ” is concerned , and he impressed the Conference warmly in his favor as a Christian man with broad views , impartial and progressive . He will meet , we feel sure , with the cordial support of all the societies engaged in Indian educational work . The final action of the Conference was embodied in a platform substantially repeating the utterances of last year , urging national education for all Indian children and approving the continuance of “ contract schools . ” Other planks of the platform related to lands in severalty , to the legal rights of the Indians , etc .— all of which were unanimously approved , and thus once more this remarkable Conference followed its predecessors in free and frank debate , consummated by entire harmony in the result . The varied and unique scenery of Lake Mohonk was shown at its best by three days of bright and bracing weather . The welcome of Mr. and Mrs. Smiley to their increased number of guests , who taxed to the utmost limits the accommodations of the large establishment , was as cordial and genial as ever . The hearty and enthusiastic vote of thanks , the only compensation permitted , was a far less reward than the gratification of their own benevolent feelings in doing good ; and that gratification is probably to be enhanced by the calling together of another Conference in the early summer in behalf of a still larger class of our needy fellow-citizens than the Indians . NOTES FROM NEW ENGLAND . A good friend of the American Missionary Association in a New England village recently greatly stirred up the interest of the people in behalf of our work , through a missionary society which she organized among the children . They had meetings for sewing , preparing articles for a box , and then a fair , in which they sold other articles that they had made , out of which they gathered a considerable sum of money . The interest went far beyond the children . A gentleman , not a member of the church , who had never been interested in missionary work , was stirred up by the solicitation of the children , and gave both time and money to their effort . He afterwards said to a good lady who inaugurated the movement , “ I am glad I have given to this cause ; it makes me feel good , and I want to keep right on giving . ” That is the way it affects every one when the heart and pocket-book are open to these missionary objects . It makes them feel good , and stirs up a desire to continue the process . The Christian Endeavor Societies of New England are assisting nobly in the work of the American Missionary Association . One society pledges itself to support a missionary in our field for a year . Another makes one of its number a Life Member of our Association , contributing thirty dollars . Still another brings in a handsome collection recently taken , and still another devotes the prayer meeting evening to thorough study upon the work that is being done through the A. M. A ., in the needy and destitute portions of our country . One young man who spoke at the last meeting spent a portion of his vacation in studying up the work among the Highlanders of the South , and gave the results of his study at their meeting . And why should not this active society of earnest young people be interested in the great work that is being accomplished among other young people , painfully in want of the advantages which those here enjoy ? A prayer meeting pledge of the Y. P. S. C. E ., printed in the Sioux language by Indian boys at a Santee school , is a most interesting evidence that this society is not confined in its usefulness to any locality or race . A vigorous Society is one of the elements of work in this Indian school , and a most useful element . In a letter written by an Indian boy is the following : “ We have a Christian Endeavor Society here . I joined that society not very long ago , and we have nice meetings on Saturday night . It does make me feel good in those meetings . There are about thirty members now . ” And so these Societies of New England in their prayers for , and contributions to , the work of the American Missionary Association , are clasping hands with the same societies among the Negroes , Mountain people and Indians . The “ King 's Daughters ” are also a useful agency in the field work of our Association . A little Indian girl writes interestingly of the “ King 's Daughters ” of whom she is one . DEATH OF SUPERINTENDENT HALL . Just as we are going to press , ( October 18th ) , we are startled by the telegraphic announcement of the sudden death from typhoid fever of Prof. Edward S. Hall , one of our Field Superintendents . Mr. Hall had been one year in the service of the Association , and had already shown himself to be a man of varied and remarkable capabilities — not only skilled in the management of schools , but familiar in an unusual degree with the practical work of building and repairing school and church edifices . His services have been invaluable to the Association , and it will be difficult to supply his place . As a man of noble Christian character and consecration to the work entrusted to him , he had won our highest esteem . DEATH OF LARMON B . LANE , M. D . Rev . Larmon B . Lane , M. D ., died at his home in St. Charles , Ill ., Sept. 15 , 1889 . He was born in Tallmadge , Ohio , June 21 , 1821 . He studied medicine at Cleveland Medical College , and afterward attended Oberlin College and Theological Seminary , graduating in 1848 . The following year he was sent by the American Missionary Association as missionary physician to Siam , where he labored faithfully , ministering to soul and body six years . In 1855 a severe hemorrhage compelled him to give up the missionary work . After a short rest he began his work of preaching the gospel . He had successful pastorates in Illinois and Ohio ; afterwards he practiced medicine in Geneva and St. Charles , Ill ., at which latter place he died . He was successful as a physician and continued to the end a loyal servant of Christ , was deacon , treasurer and Sunday-school Superintendent , besides being always ready to do with his might what his hands found to do . S . FORTY-THIRD ANNUAL REPORT OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE , FOR THE YEAR ENDING SEPTEMBER 30TH , 1889 . GENERAL SURVEY . The American Missionary Association finds its commission in the words of the Master , “ Go ye into all the world , and preach the gospel to every creature . ” It does not choose its fields of labor because the people in them are black , or red , or yellow , or white ; but because they are those for whom Christ died and to whom he commanded the glad tidings of salvation to be preached . In the fields to which it providentially has been called , it seeks to bring the gospel to every human being who has it not in its purity as an uplifting power . In nineteen States and Territories we are laboring — six in the West and thirteen in the South . In ninety-four schools and one hundred and forty-two churches we have been directly teaching and preaching the gospel during the past year . In them have 456 missionaries wrought with holy purpose . 12 , 132 pupils have been taught in our schools ; more than seventeen thousand have received instruction in Bible truth in our Sunday-schools ; 782 conversions have been reported . $ 3 , 160. 14 have been reported as given in our mission churches for benevolence , and $ 21 , 658. 57 for their own expenses — again over last year of $ 660. 03 in benevolence and $ 2 , 322. 62 in church expenses . Besides all this and all that in various ways has failed to be reported to us , have been the vacation work of our students , the large work of our previous graduates , the indirect results of many kinds , and the unknown results and influences of great power and far-reaching importance which have gone forth from our institutions and missionaries whose only possible record is in God 's Book of Remembrance . THE SOUTH . In the South , we are directly reaching three classes — the colored people , the mountain whites , and the new settlers from the North and from the old countries . Indirectly we are reaching many more . The schools we plant often incite others to plant schools ; the houses of worship we aid in erecting cause others to be erected . A single neat , but inexpensive building for a country church of colored people has been known to occasion the building or repairing of at least nine church buildings of neighboring white people . The incontestably good results of our work among the colored people are slowly but surely undermining race prejudice . In spite of all the race trouble during the past year and the increasingly bitter utterances of some papers and some public speakers , during no other year in the history of our country have so many manly words in favor of the Negro been printed in Southern papers , and sounded from the pulpits and platforms of the South . It was in a Southern University and before a Southern audience that a Southern man , a Bishop of a Southern church which took the name Southern when it declared for slavery , this year uttered these words : “ It is a travesty on religion , this disposition to canonize missionaries who go to the Dark Continent , while we have nothing but social ostracism for the white teacher who is doing a work no less noble at home . The solution to the race problem rests with the white people who live among the blacks , and who are willing to become their teachers in a missionary spirit . ” Cruel and unreasoning is prejudice , but when the public platforms , and especially the pulpits , begin to yield in their utterances to the sway of logic and humanity , by and by public opinion will feel their force . Our institutions and our missionaries have compelled the respect of the Southern people . This year many expressions of it have been heard . EDUCATIONAL WORK . CHARTERED INSTITUTIONS . During the past year we have directly sustained five chartered institutions in the South — Fisk University , Talladega College , Tougaloo University , Straight University and Tillotson Institute . Every year that passes emphasizes anew that these are most wisely located , so that each is a center of far-reaching power , and supplements the work of all the others . Fisk University at Nashville , Tenn ., with its 503 students , has had a year of great prosperity , and solid , telling work . Its buildings have been full , the quality of the work done has been excellent . A graduate of Fisk recently took his diploma from an Eastern school of medicine , with a rank two per cent . higher than any other man in his class . Another graduate of Fisk is a missionary in Africa under the American Board , and is not only declared by the Secretaries to be one of its best missionaries , but has shown such business capacity that he has been chosen treasurer of his mission . His wife , a worthy helpmeet , is also a graduate of this institution . Fisk has high ideals — few institutions in the South have higher ones , or come nearer reaching them . Talladega College , in Talladega , Ala ., has had 427 students in all departments . Its year 's work has shown most satisfactory results . Talladega is closely connected with the church work of the State . All the pastors in the Congregational State Association but four are from its theological department and several other States have found pastors there . The last State Association , with its fine body of young men , educated , dignified and earnest , was a most emphatic demonstration of the good work done in this institution . The students of Talladega have carried forward during the past year , under direction of a member of the Faculty , a systematic mission work in the surrounding neighborhoods , which has yielded large results , both in the good done in the neighborhoods and in the training received by the workers for future usefulness . Tougaloo University has been filled to overflowing with 343 students , and after the last inch of room had been filled , scores had to be turned away . This school is situated almost in the center of the State , and reaches a far larger region not limited by State lines . It is near the border of the Yazoo country , which has begun to be so wondrously developed , and is so rapidly filling with colored people . The evangelization and enlightenment of this new Africa must largely come through Tougaloo . Here must be trained preachers , teachers and other leaders of character for this new region , as well as for the older portions of the State . Good , solid work has been done here all through the year , and preparation has been made for even better results in the future . Straight University , in New Orleans , La ., is peculiarly situated for an important and far-reaching work . It draws its students not only from the States , but also from Mexico and the West Indies — 484 last year . With the enlarged accommodations for the primary and intermediate work which have been planned , this institution will be better prepared to meet the demands of higher education . Tillotson Institute , at Austin , Texas , the youngest of our chartered institutions , has had a prosperous year with 230 students , in the Primary , Intermediate , Grammar , Normal , College Preparatory and College departments . Situated at the capital of the great empire of Texas , it is destined to be an educational , religious and evangelistic centre , a power for the building up of the kingdom of Christ . It greatly needs enlarged accommodations . Where is the Lord 's steward who is ready to give it at once the imperatively needed Girls ’ Hall ? NORMAL AND GRADED SCHOOLS . Next to our chartered institutions come our normal schools . These have the same course of study up to the college department as the chartered institutions have . These normal schools are eighteen in number , and are situated at Lexington and Williamsburg , Ky .; Memphis , Jonesboro , Grand View and Pleasant Hill , Tenn .; Wilmington and Beaufort , N. C .; Charleston and Greenwood , S. C .; Atlanta , Macon , Savannah , Thomasville and McIntosh , Ga .; Athens , Mobile and Marion , Ala . Adding to these the normal departments of our five chartered institutions , gives us twenty-three normal schools in the South . Besides these , we have in the South thirty-seven which we class as common schools . Eight of these are graded , with two or three teachers each . Nearly all are parochial schools . The teachers are in both the day schools and the Sunday-schools , and are not only school teachers , but church missionaries . They train the young of our congregations for greater usefulness , encourage many of the most promising to go to higher institutions , teach the parents better ideas of home life , and lead all ages to a more intelligent and spiritual worship . INDUSTRIAL WORK . Nearly all our schools — chartered , normal and even common — give some industrial training . At Fisk , the young men are taught wood-working and printing ; the young women , nursing , cooking , dress-making and house-keeping . At Talladega , the young men learn farming , carpentry , painting , glazing , tinning , blacksmithing and printing ; the young women , cooking , house-keeping , plain sewing and other needle-work . At Tougaloo , the young men learn farming , carpentry , blacksmithing , wheelwrighting , painting , turning and tinning ; the young women , sewing , dressmaking , cooking and housekeeping . At Straight , the young men receive instruction in printing , carpentry , and floriculture ; the young women , needlework , cooking and housekeeping . At Tillotson , carpentry is taught the young men ; needlework , cooking and housekeeping , the young women . Our normal schools at Memphis , Tenn ., Macon , Ga ., and Williamsburg , Ky ., have carpentry , printing , and other industrial training for the young men , and training in the various arts of home life for the young women . At Wilmington , Charleston , Savannah , Macon , Thomasville , Athens , Ala ., Marion , Mobile , Pleasant Hill , Sherwood , and other normal , graded and common schools , the young women are trained in the things which they will most need in making comfortable and pleasant homes . Indeed , we make it our special care that the girls shall everywhere in our work be taught these things , so essential to the uplifting of a people . In many places where we have no schools , the pastor 's wife , or our special lady missionary , is doing this same kind of work . THEOLOGICAL SCHOOLS . At Fisk , Talladega , Tougaloo and Straight , there have been during the year theological classes . The Theological Department of Howard University , at Washington , has been supported by this Association . Even in some of our normal schools Biblical instruction has been given to some who are now preachers and some who intend to preach . But the number trained has not been sufficient to supply our pastorless churches . The need of a general theological seminary for our churches in the South is becoming imperative . The extensive enlargement of our church work , which ought to begin at once , can scarcely be made successful without this . Who is the one to seize this opportunity to establish an institution of untold possibilities in advancing the Kingdom of Christ on earth — a place where ministers shall be prepared for the work in the South and for foreign missions in Africa ? STATISTICS OF EDUCATIONAL WORK IN THE SOUTH . Total number of Schools 60 Total number of Instructors 260 Total number of Pupils 10 , 094 Theological Students 82 Law Students 10 College Students 51 College Preparatory Students 103 Normal Students 784 Grammar Grades 2 , 127 Intermediate Grades 3 , 181 Primary Grades 3 , 773 In two grades 17 CHURCH WORK IN THE SOUTH . Our church work has necessarily been of slow growth . Churches might have been multiplied , had we thought it best to lower the standard near the level of the old churches , and acknowledge wild ravings as belonging in the worship of God . We have believed that our churches should mean new ideas and intelligent worship . We have knowingly lent our aid to nothing else . These churches are gathered into Associations , and the fine bodies of pastors and delegates which come together in these , present a most emphatic testimony to the value of the work done in the past , and are an earnest of what the future will show . Revivals — some of them of great power — have been reported to us from the Plymouth Church , Washington , D. C ., Fisk University , Memphis , Jonesboro , Sherwood , Glen Mary , Oakdale , Athens and Pine Mountain , Tenn .; Montgomery and Florence , Ala .; Tougaloo and Jackson , Miss . ; Straight University , New Orleans , and Corpus Christi , Texas . Many others of our churches have had a quiet work of grace , by which additions have been made to them . We report new churches at Glen Mary and Athens , Tenn .; Roseland , La ; Fort Payne and Alco , Ala . This makes the whole number of our churches in the South 136 . Besides these churches , there are our churches among the Indians and the work of gathering the Chinese into churches in California . We are praying and laboring for the eternal salvation of millions , the establishment through the grace of God , the atoning blood of Christ , and the work of the Holy Spirit , of character which shall meet the tests of the Judgment Day and the needs of eternal association with purity . In aiming at this ultimate result , our missionaries are doing a work of inestimable importance for the nation and the world . They are successfully working upon some of the great problems of this country , which armies and millions of money have failed , and of necessity must fail , to solve . Nothing but the “ glorious gospel of the blessed God , ” taught from the pulpit and the teacher 's desk , and illustrated in the eloquent lives of consecrated missionaries , can change the idol worshiper from heathen China , the wild-man of the West , the half-heathen Negro so recently in the cruel degradation of slavery , those of our own race in the bonds of ignorance and immorality — so that they shall have and manifest an intelligent and worthy manhood and womanhood . Nothing else can meet cruel prejudice , which would forever deny full manhood or womanhood to those called to it by God himself , and pour oil upon its angry waves until they shall be still . Our plan of work in the South is often misunderstood and often misrepresented . It is not our plan to force the races together . It is not our plan to agitate questions which arouse the prejudices of the Southern people . We do not agitate . Quietly , steadily , patiently , lovingly , our missionaries seek to lift up the degraded , enlighten the ignorant , and bring them all to Christ , well knowing that bitter prejudice cannot forever stand opposed to an enlightened , cultivated , Christian people , whatever may be their color or their past condition . We have nothing to do with the question of social equality in the South any more than we have in the North . We are not even trying to force the races together in the churches . We have no principles which would prevent our aiding two churches in the same town — one with a membership of white , the other of colored people . We have done it . In our church work , we simply maintain that a Christian church should stand ready to fellowship any one whom Christ fellowships , that it should turn no one away because of his color , or because he , his father or his mother was a slave . We maintain that there is no Christian reason why there should be either State or local organizations of churches which will not fellowship churches whose memberships differ in race . We seek to establish churches and other institutions which dare interpret Christianity as Christ taught it , and which will not yield a Christian principle for enlarged statistics . There are caste churches enough in the South . No more are needed . If Congregationalism can go there true to its history , true to its real convictions , true to that gospel which successfully faced the bitter prejudices of Jew and Gentile with the broad invitation , “ Whosoever will , may come , ” then it goes to become a mighty power and to win both a place for itself and other churches , in time , to accept the same broad interpretation of Christianity . This Association has faith in the power of the gospel , and , under the reign of God , of the final triumph of the right . It is willing to enter the doors now so wide open for missionary work , and to wait , if need be , for that glory of the denomination , which is better than long tables of statistics , the glory of adhering to the right . The time has now come when our church work can be greatly enlarged . Our schools have been doing their work , and scattering all through the South those who have learned what pure religion and spiritual worship mean , and they are ready and longing for something better than they find within their reach . We can now push our work as fast as the churches of the North will furnish the money . We most earnestly appeal for the means to enable us to greatly develop , during the coming year , this department of the work . CHURCH WORK AMONG NEW SETTLERS IN THE SOUTH . Wonderful and more wonderful tales are now reaching the world of the unlimited resources of the South . They are a new discovery even to the South itself . These stories of lumber and mineral wealth are turning the tide thitherward . Towns and cities are beginning to spring up as they have in the West , and both great need and rich opportunity call for immediate missionary work . This new population is mostly , as yet , from the North , though many from Wales , especially miners , and from other countries of the old world are beginning to come in . In the new towns they find no churches , in the old towns few whose ideas and customs can satisfy their minds and hearts . Here is a great opportunity . We can aid these people to establish churches which will emphasize that interpretation of the Gospel which we believe to be Christian . In Florida , Louisiana , Alabama and Tennessee we have already aided in establishing such churches which have connected themselves — and gladly so — with the regular State organizations of Congregational churches . No direful results have followed . No fanaticism is in it . It is simply doing the thing that is right and Christian . May such churches continue to multiply in the “ New South ” and help to make it new indeed . STATISTICS OF CHURCH WORK IN THE SOUTH . Number of Churches 136 Number of Missionaries 113 Number of Church Members 8 , 438 Added during the year 989 Added by profession of faith 734 Scholars in Sunday-school 14 , 735 THE MOUNTAIN WORK . Notwithstanding all the interest that has been manifested in our mountain work , we feel sure that the churches do not realize the magnitude of this field , the pressing needs of this people in the heart of our country , the wonderful opportunities before us , and the heart-stirring results already secured . Large portions of seven States — three or four hundred counties — with a population of between two and three millions , claim our attention and call for our work . Here is a country of untold natural resources . Here is a people of good blood . Men of power have come from among them , and shown of what they are capable . Side by side with the Northern soldiers these mountaineers fought for the Union , or suffered in prisons rather than fight against it . Where our schools and churches have been established , men and women of worth and ability have stepped out and become strong helpers in building up new institutions . But away from these institutions and out of touch with the life of the towns , we find a class of people whose condition in itself is a Macedonian cry . Their windowless , stoveless , comfortless log cabins ; their so-called schools , in which on the roughest benches conceivable , and without a desk , a slate , or a blackboard , with a teacher with unkempt hair , ragged and dirty clothes , possibly bare feet , who perhaps can scarcely read , the children study at the top of their voices — blab schools they call them — have for their course of study the spelling book alone , and are taught that a word is correctly spelled when all the letters are named , no matter in what order ; their so-called churches , with perhaps a monthly meeting during the summer months , without Sunday-school , prayer meeting , or any form of church work , without morality as a requisite of church membership , with an illiterate ministry — a large number of the ministers cannot read even , and what is worse in many cases are drunken , impure , and in every way immoral ; their children so easily gathered into day-schools and Sunday-schools , and so responsive to the work done for them — all these things appeal to us with pathetic power . Perhaps no missionary work ever showed greater results in so short a time than those obtained in these mountains . We have here in two States eleven schools and twenty-two churches . Earnest calls have come to us to begin work in North Carolina and Alabama . We feel sure that if the churches could hear these appeals they would bid us respond . We have promised to begin work the coming year in these States , and we must look to the churches to furnish us the means . New lumbering and mining towns are springing up in this mountain country , and immediate missionary work is their only hope . A single one of these new towns , scarcely half-a-dozen years old , has had already more than a hundred men shot in it , and this awful work still goes on . This marvelously rich mineral region is sure to be filled in the near future with these mining towns , and unless the Christian work keeps pace with this kind of growth , this large territory will become notorious for bloody scenes as no portion of our land has ever been . Now is the time to preempt the country for Christ , by planting at strategic points the church and the Christian school , and through them to send forth to every part the pure , restraining and elevating influences of the gospel . God 's call to us to do this work is loud and clear . Can we be faithful to Him and refuse to obey ? THE INDIANS . There are 260 , 000 Indians in this country . Compared with our great fields in the South , this is small . But there is an emphasis on this work which is not made by figures . Those who were native to this land have been made foreigners . Those who were the first to receive missionary work here , and who responded as readily as any heathen people ever did , are still largely pagans . While one Christian has been telling the Indians the story of the gospel , another calling himself a Christian has been shooting them . They have not yet had a full chance to learn what Christianity is . From place to place they have been pushed so that they have not had time to build their altars to the true God . We have wronged them and we owe them more than we shall pay . We shall meet our obligations but in part , when we do all we can to save them . We have in bur Indian work eighteen schools and six churches , one new church having been added this year . In these , 68 missionaries have been doing noble service for the Indian and for the country . Shall the Indian problem forever perplex and shame both the country and the Church ? Will not the churches enable us to send all the workers and do all the work needed to be done , and thus hasten the day when it can be joyfully proclaimed that the Indians are evangelized — no longer pagans and foreigners , but our fellow Christians and our fellow citizens ? STATISTICS OF INDIAN WORK . Churches 6 Church Members 401 Schools 18 Missionaries and Teachers 68 Theological Students 24 Normal Students 11 Grammar Grades 32 Intermediate Grades 120 Primary 495 Total Pupils 658 Sunday-school Scholars 1 , 332 THE CHINESE . At our Annual Meeting in 1887 we were urged to bring the attention of the churches to this their phenomenal opportunity and duty , to give the gospel at short range and nominal cost to Asia 's millions , and to support their hopeful and fruitful mission with all possible sympathy and aid . Again , in 1888 , the need of immediate and great re-enforcement and enlargement was urged upon us . Sixteen missions have been in operation during the year , and in them thirty-five workers , ten of them Chinese , have been employed . 1 , 380 have been enrolled as pupils in our schools — 249 more than last year . 40 have this year come out of heathenism into Christianity , and the whole number who have confessed Christ in these missions and have been received as true converts is above 750 . This means much for the Chinese in this country , and it means missionaries for China as well . ENLARGEMENTS AND IMPROVEMENTS . Extensive building and improvements have been called for this year . At Lexington , Ky ., the Chandler Normal School building is nearly completed at a cost of $ 15 , 000 — the gift of Mrs. Chandler . At Williamsburg , Ky ., thirteen acres of land have been secured for the enlargement of our very successful school there and the large industrial building moved upon it . $ 2 , 300 of the expense for this was paid by our generous friend , Mr. Stephen Ballard , of Brooklyn , N. Y . The increasing number of boarders at this institution has made necessary a new and larger dining room and kitchen , which have been built . At Nashville , Tenn ., a commodious two-story building of modern architecture , with rooms for physical culture and industrial training , has been erected . At Memphis , Tenn ., the Le Moyne school building , which in the winter was partially destroyed by fire , has been restored by the insurance . At Knoxville , Tenn ., the old church building , which was unfit for use , has been built over and a parsonage added , making a neat and convenient place of worship , and a home for the minister . At Jellico , Tenn ., the building used for church and school purposes has been considerably enlarged to meet the wants of a large Sunday-school and congregation . At Grand View , Tenn ., a new building has been put up for school and dormitory purposes . At Pleasant Hill , Tenn ., a large three-story Girls ’ Hall is in process of construction to enable the mountain girls to take advantage of this successful normal school . At Pine Mountain , Tenn ., the church building has been completed and furnished for school as well as church purposes and a teachers ’ home has been built . At Beaufort , N. C ., the large old school building known as Washburn Seminary , has been placed in the hands of the Association and refitted and a new normal school started in it . The church building , also , has received many greatly needed repairs . At Chapel Hill , N. C ., a brick church building , formerly belonging to the Southern Methodists , has been purchased for a school , and will be used also for church services . At Macon , Ga ., the Ballard School building has been completed and furnished at a cost of $ 14 , 000 , and a Girls ’ Hall erected at a cost of $ 7 , 500 — two more generous gifts of Mr. Stephen Ballard , of Brooklyn . At Savannah , Ga ., extensive repairs have been made on the Beach Institute building . At Thomasville , Ga ., the school facilities have been increased by moving a school building in the town , to the Connecticut Industrial School . At McIntosh , Ga ., land and buildings have been bought for the enlargement of this historic , successful and intensely interesting school . At Woodville , Ga ., the church and school building which had been nearly wrecked , first by the Charleston earthquake and then by a cyclone , has been made solid and comfortable . At Byron , Ga ., land has been bought and preparations have been made for a church building . At Fairbanks , Fla ., a school building and lot worth $ 2 , 500 have been given to us by Mrs. Merrill , of Bangor , Me ., on condition that we maintain a school there . At Marion , Ala ., we have refitted a large dwelling for a greatly needed school building . At New Decatur , Ala ., a new church building is about completed . At Tougaloo , Miss ., the large Girls ’ Hall , owing to the peculiarities of the soil — alluvium , 300 feet deep — unknown when it was built , had been crushing its foundations into the ground until it was on the point of falling . Our own missionary and student force lifted it up , put under it new foundations and repaired it in every part . At a cost of between $ 4 , 000 and $ 5 , 000 , they saved a $ 15 , 000 building which engineers and contractors pronounced a hopeless wreck . At Jackson , Miss ., our church has been nicely seated with new pews . At Hammond , La ., a new church building has been erected . At Straight University , a new industrial building has been put up with student labor , and a small greenhouse has been built . For a long time the need of enlargement there has been felt , and a lot near the present buildings has been bought , on which is to be a school house for the primary and intermediate grades . At the Fort Berthold Mission , North Dakota , a new church , school and mission home building has been built and named the Moody Station , after the giver of the money which built it ; also a small church building at Moody Station No . 2 . At Standing Rock a new school , church and mission building — called after the donor , the Sankey Station — has been erected . At Fort Yates , we report a new church building — the Darling Memorial . These are the most important enlargements and improvements . Of course , there are many other smaller ones throughout our large field . WOMAN 'S WORK . Twenty-six Woman 's State Organizations now co-operate with us in our missionary work . Each year shows the increasing importance and helpfulness of the Woman 's Bureau . From it go counsel , help and inspiration to the lady teachers in the field , and missionary news and helpful suggestions to the ladies of the State Associations . Through it pass the sympathy and the help of the earnest workers in the older churches to the earnest workers in our mission churches and schools . The people for whom we labor cannot be saved either for this world or the next , unless the women who make the homes are lifted out of coarseness and vice , and taught true womanhood and womanly duties and arts . The Woman 's Bureau is a most potent factor in the work of bringing the Gospel to the rescue of womanhood in our mission fields . FINANCES . The current receipts have been $ 376 , 216. 88 . The expenditures , including the payment of the debt of last year of $ 5 , 641. 21 , have been $ 371 , 745. 21 . Leaving a balance in hand September 30 , 1889 $ 4 , 471. 67 . It is with devout gratitude to God that we present these figures , showing that we have been enabled during the past year to meet all current expenditures , to liquidate the indebtedness of last year and to show a balance of over four thousand dollars now in the treasury . This result is not only gratifying in respect to the past , but it is hopeful in respect to the future . We trust the constituents of the Association , who are so deeply interested in the success of the work entrusted to us , will see to it that the coming year shall terminate as favorably as this . DANIEL HAND FUND . In addition to the above receipts , the Association has received from Daniel Hand the munificent gift of one million eight hundred and ninety-four dollars and twenty-five cents ($ 1 , 000 , 894. 25 ) to be known as the Daniel Hand Fund for The Education of Colored People . The income only of this Fund is to be used . The amount received as income from this Fund for the nine months to September 30 , is $ 36 , 999. 71 . This amount is not included in the current receipts stated above , but is a Special Fund and has been appropriated under the terms and conditions of the Trust . From this income we have not only aided more than three hundred students who otherwise would not have had the privilege of attending any school , but have also greatly enlarged our school accommodations at Chapel Hill and Beaufort , N. C ., Phoenix , S. C ., Thomasville and McIntosh , Ga ., Selma , Ala ., and New Orleans , La . Another year will afford opportunities to a much greater number of pupils , and will still further enlarge our school facilities in the special lines of work contemplated by this gift . It was a noble gift from a noble man and it will do a noble work . The overwhelming majority of the Southern Negroes are still found in the rural districts , where schools are few and far apart . It is expected that the gift of Daniel Hand will take educational privileges to thousands of these in the country and on the plantations , who but for this must have lived as in the blackness of night . It has been found that with the West ever growing , and Congregational churches multiplying , the field of our Western District Secretary was too large for him possibly to cover it all . Hence this immense district has been divided , and another has been established with its centre at Cleveland , Ohio . Rev . C. W . Hiatt , a graduate of Wheaton College and Oberlin Seminary , has been placed in charge of this district , and has already entered upon the work . We bespeak for him a hearty welcome from the churches . Prof. Edward S. Hall , a graduate of Amherst College and a teacher of long and successful experience , has been chosen a Field Superintendent for the Southern work , and entered upon his duties at the beginning of our year . We again make grateful acknowledgment of our indebtedness to the American Bible Society for its grants of Bibles , and to the Congregational Sunday-school and Publishing Society for its grants of books and lesson helps , to our poorer churches and Sunday-schools . This much we report . But how little can figures and words present the needs of these great fields . How little idea can they convey of the extent of the work done by our earnest , self-sacrificing , faithful and able missionaries . We turn from the past to the future . The work attempted and done is great , the work unattempted and not done is far greater . Should every church and individual in the land double last year 's contribution this year , we would be compelled still to leave greatly needed work undone . In view of boundless opportunities , we can ask no less of the churches than that which the recent National Council at Worcester recommended — five hundred thousand dollars ($ 500 , 000 ) for the work of the coming year . Brethren , with more prayer , more consecration and more self-denial let us take up together this vast work and these difficult problems which God has set before us . THE CHINESE . REVIEW OF THE YEAR . BY REV . WM . C. POND , D. D . Our fiscal year ended August 31st . To a stranger looking on as I close its accounts , there might be nothing visible but an array of figures “ dry as dust . ” But if that on-looker could count the heart-beats , as I draw near to making up the balance , could watch the rising tide of feeling , could hear the out-burst of thanksgiving sounding through the chambers of the soul , and now and again breaking the silence of my study with the cry :— “ What shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits , ” he would realise that there was something in those figures not so very dry . All bills paid , and even a balance much larger than usual left to help out the too scant resources of the new year ! I find myself saying again and again : “ How can this be ? ” It looked so dark four months ago ; it looks so bright to-day . God has answered prayer , has been true to his promise , has changed to blessing the stress that we were under by placing thus upon our work the seal of his own and his people 's approbation . Sixteen missions have been in operation during the year , all but three of them for the entire twelve months . Thirty-five workers have been employed , ten of whom have been Chinese brethren . The months of labor aggregate 354 . The total number who have been enrolled as pupils in our schools is 1 , 380 . This is larger by 249 than the enrollment of the previous year , and by 336 than that of the year before . The average membership month by month was in the aggregate , 523 ; the average attendance , 319 . These numbers are also in excess of the corresponding ones in several previous years . Among these members of our schools there are 211 that profess to have ceased from idolatry , and 150 who are believed to be true disciples of Christ . I cannot now state the exact number who have professed conversion during the year , but I believe it to be about forty . If so , the total number who have declared themselves to be Christians and have been accepted as such by our brethren , is more than 750 . The expenditures have been $ 11 , 019 , of which more than 1 , 600 came from the Chinese themselves , while their offerings for mission work in China and expenses met in connection with Christian work in California would show a giving on their part of at least $ 2 , 500 during the year . SOME OTHER TOKENS OF GOOD .— Our helper , Loo Quong , writes as follows from Los Angeles under date of Sept. 20th : “ Now I have some good news to tell you this time . The first one is this , that five of our brethren will receive their baptism on Sunday in the First Congregational Church . I brought them all down to the church to be proved by the pastor and the deacons , and they all gave their good testimonies to the satisfaction of all . Dr. Hutchins [ Rev . R. G . Hutchins , D. D ., pastor ] was so glad on hearing this good news again . There will now be eleven Chinese members among his white flock . He spoke very kind towards the Chinese and our school in their prayer-meeting , as he always did so in his preaching . ” Another item of good news is , that by an arrangement among the ladies of this church , a reduction in the teaching force which I have been compelled to make is to be made good by volunteer service , each lady giving one evening in each week . I earnestly hope that this good example may be followed in others of our churches . At San Buenaventura the new mission house , finished several months ago , gives great satisfaction . It is not the property of the Mission , but has been built for it and is rented to us at cost . We can rely upon the use of it as long as the work continues in that place ,— that is , if the building lasts so long . We were paying $ 12. 00 per month for a low , ill-located and ill-built , untidy shanty , yet the best place that could be had . We now pay $ 8. 00 per month for a neat , commodious building which furnishes not only an attractive school-room , but living rooms also , for which our brethren pay a small rent , and thus make for themselves something very like a Christian home . Four of these brethren were recently baptised and received to the Congregational Church . No mention has yet been made in these columns of the new mission house in Oakland which we hold by the same tenure as that at San Buenaventura . It could not be better located , is a very neat structure , substantial also , and planned expressly for our work . It , too , is rented to us at cost . A hint of what goes on there , and of what goes out from there , aside from the labors of the school , may be found in these few sentences from a letter of Yong Jin : “ One scholar promised to be Christian was two weeks ( i. e . two weeks ago ) , and he will join our Association to-night . I hope his soul will be saved . I had preaching on the street last Sunday and before last Sunday . I shall go next Sunday too . I hope you pray for me and this school . May [ may be ] I can conquer the evil and bring more number to the school and to the Association . I believe God has a great power . ” BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . MISS D. E . EMERSON , SECRETARY . We are glad to see the State Organizations increasing . Now let every one become a working Union , bringing funds into the treasury of the American Missionary Association , toward meeting the imperative needs of its Woman 's Work , and we shall rejoice indeed . OUR INDUSTRIAL TEACHERS are heavily taxed just now in providing sewing material for classes . We need basted patchwork , and basted under garments for the sewing departments throughout the field , but especially for Anniston and Mobile , Alabama ; Memphis and Jonesboro , Tennessee ; Tougaloo , Mississippi ; and Austin , Texas . One missionary writes , “ I find my classes very large . In beginning I have about one hundred girls in sewing , about thirty in Household Economy and Cooking , and later I shall have a large class in Nursing . This work added to the care of the Mission Home will , I fear , be more than I can carry , unless I have help , and I do not see how I can let one bit of the work stop . I am sure there are plenty of good friends at the North who will gladly help when they know . ” WE HAVE ADDED a special industrial teacher to the force in Trinity School at Athens , Alabama . Miss Perkins writes : “ I am charmed with the school and the inside of the building . I wish each day that our Northern friends could look in at Chapel . I think they would feel repaid in great measure by the goodly sight . I was glad to find a Christian Endeavor Society in the school , it seemed so like home . ” WOMAN 'S WORK IN NORTH CAROLINA . BY MISS A. E . FARRINGTON . On Thursday , Oct. 3d , a Woman 's Missionary Union was organized for the Congregational churches of North Carolina . A year ago , at the meeting of the State Association in Wilmington , the subject was discussed , and a committee was appointed to confer with the ladies of the churches in regard to a local organization in each church . The plan met with favor , and on coming together this year it was found that nearly every church reported a missionary society in some form . All were therefore ready for the State Union , when the Association of Congregational Churches convened in the little country church at Oaks . As there was no chapel or church parlor to be placed at the disposal of the ladies , they withdrew to the grove , and there under the tall , symmetrical oaks by the veranda of the little mission home of Miss Douglass , the organization was effected with the aid of Miss Emerson , of New York , who was present . The following evening a public meeting was held at which reports were heard from the local societies . The dark countenances were light with eager interest , as they listened to the account of the work done by the women . One told of a society , organized in February with two members who became President and Treasurer . The numbers soon increased to eight , all of them hard-working women , one of them the mother of twelve children for whom she found it difficult to provide , yet that society reported $ 10. 61 as the result of their eight months ’ work . Another reported a weekly Bible reading in connection with the Woman 's Society , at which one who could read took the Bible while others gathered around , and “ as they got to understand the Word ” they spoke to one another of the work of the Lord in their own hearts . Report was made of a contribution to the Indian work at Fort Berthold , also a quilt made by the little girls for a Christmas present to the Indian children . One society , embracing both home and foreign work , cared for the sick and needy of its own church , and also sent contributions to Africa . Knowing , as I do , the poverty of this people and the sacrifices they make , I could but feel that if in the North there should be as ready and proportionate a response , the treasury of the Lord would be overflowing . WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . CO-OPERATING WITH THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . MAINE . WOMAN 'S AID TO A. M. A . Chairman of Committee — Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , Woodfords , Me . VERMONT . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. B . Swift , 167 King St ., Burlington . Secretary — Mrs. E. C . Osgood , 14 First Ave ., Montpelier . Treasurer — Mrs. Wm . P. Fairbanks , St. Johnsbury . MASSACHUSETTS AND RHODE ISLAND . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Alice Freeman Palmer , Cambridge , Mass . Secretary — Miss Nathalie Lord , 33 Congregational House , Boston . Treasurer — Miss Ella A. Leland , 32 Congregational House , Boston . CONNECTICUT . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Francis B. Cooley , Hartford . Secretary — Mrs. S. M . Hotchkiss , 171 Capitol Ave ., Hartford . Treasurer — Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , 19 Spring St ., Hartford . NEW YORK . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Wm . Kincaid , 483 Greene Ave ., Brooklyn . Secretary — Mrs. Wm . Spalding , 6 Salmon Block , Syracuse . Treasurer — Mrs. L. H . Cobb , 59 Bible House , New York City . OHIO . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. G. W . Cowles , 417 Sibley St ., Cleveland . Secretary — Mrs. Flora K. Regal , Oberlin . Treasurer — Mrs. Phebe A. Crafts , 95 Monroe Ave ., Columbus . INDIANA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. B . Safford , Elkhart . Secretary — Mrs. W. E . Mossman , Fort Wayne . Treasurer — Mrs. C. Evans , Indianapolis . ILLINOIS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. B. F. Leavitt , 409 Orchard St ., Chicago . Secretary — Mrs. C. H . Taintor , 151 Washington St ., Chicago . Treasurer — Mrs. C. E . Maltby , Champaign . IOWA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. T. O . Douglass , Grinnell . Secretary — Miss Ella E. Marsh , Box 232 , Grinnell . Treasurer — Mrs. M. J. Nichoson , 1513 Main St ., Dubuque . MICHIGAN . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. George M. Lane , 47 Miami Ave ., Detroit . Secretary — Mrs. Leroy Warren , Lansing . Treasurer — Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Greenville . WISCONSIN . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. A . Miner , Madison . Secretary — Mrs. C. Matter , Brodhead . Treasurer — Mrs. C. C . Keeler , Beloit . MINNESOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. E. S . Williams , Box 464 , Minneapolis . Secretary — Miss Katherine T. Plant , 2651 Portland Ave ., Minneapolis . Treasurer — Mrs. W. W. Skinner , Northfield . NORTH DAKOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. J . Pike , Dwight . Secretary — Mrs. Silas Daggett , Harwood . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M . Fisher , Fargo . SOUTH DAKOTA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. H. Robbins , Bowdle . Secretary — Mrs. T. M . Jeffris , Huron . Treasurer — Mrs. S. E . Fifield , Lake Preston . NEBRASKA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. T. H . Leavitt , 1216 H. St ., Lincoln . Secretary — Mrs. L. F. Berry , 784 No . Broad St ., Fremont . Treasurer — Mrs. D. E . Perry , Crete . MISSOURI . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. C. L . Goodell , 3006 Pine St ., St. Louis . Secretary — Mrs. E. P . Bronson , 3100 Chestnut St ., St. Louis . Treasurer — Mrs. A. E . Cook , 4145 Bell Ave ., St. Louis . KANSAS . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. F. J. Storrs , Topeka . Secretary — Mrs. George L. Epps , Topeka . Treasurer — Mrs. J. G . Dougherty , Ottawa . COLORADO AND WYOMING . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. J. W . Pickett , White Water , Colorado . Secretary — Mrs. Sidney Packard , Pueblo , Colorado , Box 50 . Treasurer — Mrs. S. A. Sawyer , Boulder , Colorado . Treasurer — Mrs. C. T . Goodell , 24th and Eddy Sts ., Cheyenne , Wyoming . SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. Elijah Cash , 937 Temple St ., Los Angeles . Secretary — Mrs. H. K. W . Bent , Box 426 , Pasadena . Treasurer — Mrs. H. W . Mills , So . Olive St ., Los Angeles . CALIFORNIA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. L . Merritt , 686 34th St ., Oakland . Secretary — Miss Grace E. Barnard , 677 21st . St ., Oakland . Treasurer — Mrs. J. M . Havens , 1329 Harrison St ., Oakland . LOUISIANA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. R. D . Hitchcock , New Orleans . Secretary — Miss Jennie Fyfe , 490 Canal St ., New Orleans . Treasurer — Mrs. C. S . Shattuck , Hammond . MISSISSIPPI . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. A. F . Whiting , Tougaloo . Secretary — Miss Sarah J. Humphrey , Tougaloo . Treasurer — Miss S. L . Emerson , Tougaloo . ALABAMA . WOMAN 'S MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. H. W . Andrews , Talladega . Secretary — Miss S. S. Evans , 2612 Fifth Ave ., Birmingham . Treasurer — Mrs. G. Baker , Selma . FLORIDA . WOMAN 'S HOME MISSIONARY UNION . President — Mrs. S. F . Gale , Jacksonville . Secretary — Mrs. Nathan Barrows , Winter Park . Treasurer — Mrs. L. C . Partridge , Longwood . TENNESSEE AND ARKANSAS . SOUTH ASSOCIATION . President — Miss M. F . Wells , Athens , Tenn. Secretary — Miss A. M. Cahill , Nashville , Tenn. Treasurer — Mrs. G. S . Pope , Grand View , Tenn . NORTH CAROLINA . President — Miss E. Plimpton , Chapel Hill . Secretary — Miss A. E . Farrington , Raleigh . Treasurer — Miss Lovey Mayo , Raleigh . RECEIPTS FOR SEPTEMBER , 1889 . THE DANIEL HAND FUND , FOR THE EDUCATION OF COLORED PEOPLE . Income for September , 1889 , from the invested funds $ 1 , 500. 00 Income previously acknowledged 35 , 499. 71 Total $ 36 , 999. 71 =========== CURRENT RECEIPTS . MAINE , $ 1 , 792. 36 . Bangor . Central Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 75 ; First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 30 105. 00 Bangor . Central Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 1. 00 Bath . Mrs. Anna Covel 1. 00 Belfast . Mrs. E. F. Cutter and Miss C. M . Cutter 8. 00 Bluehill . “ A Friend . ” 1. 00 Cumberland Center . Cong . Ch . to const . REV . DANIEL GREENE L. M . 35. 00 Ellsworth . “ A Friend . ” 2. 00 Gorham . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 34. 28 Hallowell . H. K . Baker 5. 00 Kennebunkport . First Cong . Ch ., for Girls ’ Sch ., Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 Lyman . Cong . Soc . 2. 60 Machias . Centre St Cong . Ch . 7. 48 Portland . St. Lawrence St. Ch . 10. 00 Wells . Second Cong . Ch . 7. 00 West Falmouth . Second Ch . 20. 25 Woman 's Aid to A. M. A ., by Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Albany . Mrs. H. G . Lovejoy 3. 00 Alfred . Ch . 14. 15 Bangor . Hammond St . Ch ., 19. 75 ; First Ch ., 12. 50 ; Central Ch ., 8. 25 40. 50 Bar Harbor 4. 90 Bath . Winter St. Ch . 35. 00 Belfast 3. 25 Bethel . First Ch ., 18 ; Second Ch ., 10. 75 28. 75 Biddeford . Pavillion , 13. 25 ; Second Ch ., 19 32. 25 Blanchard 7. 60 Blue Hill 1. 75 Brewer . First Ch . 37. 35 Brewer Village 10. 00 Bridgton . Mrs. D. Stone , 1 ; Mrs. Julia P. Hale , 1 2. 00 Brownville 5. 00 Brunswick 62. 00 Burlington 1. 10 Calais 10. 00 Castine 10. 00 Cape Elizabeth . North Ch . 1. 30 Cornish . Ch . 10. 00 Cumberland Center 22. 00 Dedham 3. 00 Dennysville 5. 00 Dennysville . Dea . P. E . Vose 5. 00 Deer Isle 2. 50 East Baldwin 8. 00 East Machias 5. 50 East Orrington 1. 00 Eliot . Sab . Sch . 20. 00 Ellsworth 7. 60 Ellsworth Falls 1. 00 Falmouth . First Ch . 6. 00 Falmouth 10. 00 Farmington 13. 00 Freedom 7. 00 Freeport 21. 52 Gardiner 21. 00 Gorham 20. 00 Gray 5. 00 Greenville 13. 00 Groveville . Buxton Ch . 6. 00 Harrison 6. 00 Harpswell Center 7. 40 Harpswell Center . “ Friend , thank offering . ” 5. 00 Holden 17. 00 Houlton 5. 00 Island Falls 2. 50 Jonesboro 1. 25 Jonesport 1. 00 Kenduskeag 5. 00 Kennebunk . Ch . 11. 00 Lewiston 32. 00 Limerick . Ch . 11. 00 Limington . Ch . 7. 00 Litchfield 3. 00 Litchfield Corners 6. 00 Lyman . Ch . 3. 35 Machias 20. 00 Machiasport 10. 00 Marshfield 3. 00 Minot Center 18. 52 Newcastle 22. 65 New Gloucester 23. 50 Norway 4. 05 North Yarmouth 7. 00 Orland 6. 50 Oxford 2. 50 Phillips . “ Glad Helping Ten . ” 10. 00 Piscataquis . Conference Collection 5. 11 Plymouth 0. 25 Portland . High St . Ch ., 80 ; State St Ch ., 50 ; Second Parish , 38 ; Bethel Ch ., 18. 05 ; St. Lawrence St . Ch ., 10. 28 ; “ Mission Cadets ” Second Parish , 10 ; West Ch ., 4. 10 210. 43 Pownal 3. 00 Rockland . W. H. M. S . 20. 50 Saco . Ch . 11. 00 Sandy Point 4. 75 Sanford . Ch . 8. 75 Saint Albans 2. 00 Searsport 20. 00 Skowhegan 10. 00 South Berwick . Ch . to const . MISS HANNAH LORD and MISS MATTIE TOBEY L. M . ' s 61. 00 South Bridgton . Ch ., 12. 26 ; Ch . Ladies , 9. 35 21. 61 South Freeport 37. 50 South Paris 8. 75 Standish 8. 00 Steuben 4. 00 Sweden 2. 00 Thomaston 8. 00 Topsham 8. 00 Turner 16. 00 Union 6. 00 Upton 4. 00 Waldoboro 7. 40 Wells . First Ch ., 18 ; Second Ch ., 18 36. 00 West Auburn 3. 00 West Lebanon . Ch . 7. 50 West Woolwich 5. 00 Whitneyville 2. 60 Wilton 9. 63 Winthrop 5. 00 Woodfords . L. M. S ., 22. 65 ; Y. L. M. C ., 10 , to const . MRS. IDA S. WOODBURY L. M . 32. 65 Yarmouth 50. 00 York . Ch . 21. 50 Berlin , N. H. 6. 00 Shelburne , N. H. 2. 00 Woman 's Aid to A. M. A . of Maine 96. 58 1 , 539. 75 Ladies of Maine , by Mrs. J. P. Hubbard for Williamsburg , Ky .: Auburn . Mrs. H. F. B . Root , Box Patchwork North Fairfield . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . sent to a needy sch ., Meridian , Miss . Portland . Mrs. Z. W . Barker 1. 00 Rockland . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . and Package West Falmouth . First Cong . Ch ., Bbl ., and for Freight 2. 00 Woodfords . Ladies of Cong . Ch . Bbl ., Sab . Sch . Class No . 10 , for Student Aid , 5 5. 00 8. 00 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 2 , 664. 38 . Auburn . Cong . Ch . 9. 76 Bennington . Cong . Ch . 5. 79 Center Harbor . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 East Jaffrey . Cong . Ch . 17. 00 Goffstown . Cong . Ch . 41. 04 Hampton . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 9. 26 Hollis . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 14. 00 Manchester . Mrs. Mary E. Hidden 10. 00 Manchester . South Main St . Ch ., for Indian M. 10. 00 Lisbon . First Cong . Ch . 5. 08 Nashua . Pilgrim Sab . Sch ., 8. 45 ; Herbert E. Kendall , 2 , for Rosebud Indian M. 10. 45 Pelham . “ A Friend . ” 2. 00 Penacook . Rev . A. Wm . Flake , for Fisk U . 5. 00 Walpole . First Cong . Ch . 22. 00 Colebrook . “ E & C ., ” Package New Clothing , Val . 6. 28 $ 164. 38 ESTATE . Amherst . Estate of Rev . William Clark , D. D ., by A. A. Rotch , Ex . 2 , 500. 00 $ 2 , 664. 38 VERMONT , $ 1 , 000. 21 . Bakersfield . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 13. 50 Barnet and East Barnet . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Ky. 34. 50 Burlington . First Ch . 155. 00 Cambridge . Second Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 7. 85 Chester . J. L . Fisher 10. 00 Enosburg . Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta , Ga. 20. 00 Granby . Infant Class , by H. W . Matthews , for Rosebud Indian M. 1. 20 Jamaica . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 6. 38 Jeffersonville . “ A Friend , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 25. 00 Montpelier . “ A Friend , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 1. 00 Newbury . Cong . Ch ., 30. 75 ; Two Little Boys , 1. 51 , for Williamsburg , Ky. 32. 26 Northfield . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 25. 00 Northfield . Cong . Ch ., 10 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 3 , for Student Aid , Williamsburg , Ky. 13. 50 Northfield . “ A Friend , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 1. 00 Pawlet . “ A Friend , ” for Indian M. 5. 00 Peacham . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 32. 98 Post Mills . Cong . Ch ., 25. 68 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 , “ A Friend , ” 5 , for Williamsburg , Ky. 35. 68 Saint Albans . F. S . Stranahan 's S. S. Class , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Shoreham . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Springfield . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 26. 91 Springfield . R. M . Colburn , for Avery Inst . 15. 00 South Hero and Grand Isle . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 5. 45 Saint Johnsbury . Col. Franklin Fairbanks , 100 ; Mrs. T. M . Howard , 25 ; Mrs. E. D . Blodgett , 25 150. 00 Swanton . Mrs. Eliza Stone and Harriet H. Stone 2. 00 Waterville . Smoothing plane , val . 1 ., for Williamsburg , Ky. Wells River . “ A Friend , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 1. 00 West Fairlee . “ A Friend , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 1. 00 West Randolph . S. E . Albin , 8 ; Sarah J. Washburne , 2 10. 00 Windsor . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 9. 00 ——. “ A Friend in Vermont , ” for Indian M. 300. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Vt ., by Mrs. William P. Fairbanks , Treas ., for McIntosh , Ga .: Jamaica . “ Sunbeam Band , ” 3. 00 Manchester . Y. P. M . Soc . 25. 00 Westminster . Ladies ’ Soc . 5. 00 33. 00 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 16 , 460. 89 . Alford . Cong . Ch . 16. 40 Amesbury . Main St. Cong . Ch . and Soc . 9. 41 Andover . Mrs. Phebe A. Chandler , for Chandler Normal Sch ., Lexington , Ky. 2000. 00 Andover . “ Friend , ” for Girls ’ Dormitory , Macon , Ga. 265. 53 Andover . South Ch . 125. 00 Andover . Woman 's Union H. M . Soc ., for Tougaloo U . 89. 30 Auburn . Cong . Ch . 41. 10 Auburndale . Cong . Ch . 8. 56 Barre . Evan . Cong . Ch . and Parish 52. 00 Bedford . Cong . Sab . Sch . on “ True Blue ” Cards , 30. 10 ; Cong . Ch ., 10 40. 10 Berkley . First Cong . Ch . 14. 00 Beverly . Dane St. Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 28. 00 Billerica . “ Life Member ” 1. 00 Boston . W. H. M. S . for Santee Ind . Sch . 346. 00 S. D . Smith , Organ , for Beaufort , N. C. 100. 00 Y. P. S. C. E . Park St . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p ., Oahe , Dak . 50. 00 “ A Friend , ” 4. 00 500. 00 Boxford . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 20. 00 Braintree . Cong . Ch . 12. 25 Brimfield . Mrs. P. C . Browning . 12 ; Mrs. J. S . Webber , 2 14. 00 Cambridge . Miss Abby A. Steele , 50 ; Miss H. E . Moore , 8 58. 00 Cambridgeport . “ Memorial Workers , ” Pilgrim Cong . Ch . on “ True Blue ” Cards 10. 00 Chelsea . Y. P. S. C. E ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Chelsea . C. H . Keelar 's S. S. Class Central Cong . Ch ., for Ed . of an Indian girl , Oahe , Dak . 3. 75 Charlemont . Cong . Ch . ad'l . 22. 55 Colerain . Mrs. Prudence B. Smith 5. 00 Danvers . First Cong . Ch . to const . SARAH A. BERRY , ALICE DEMSEY , PEARCE PEABODY , and SAMUEL A. TUCKER L. M . ' s 124. 55 Deerfield . Orthodox Ch . and Soc . 21. 08 Dunstable . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 38. 00 East Wareham . Abby Bourn and Hannah B. Cannon 10. 00 Fitchburg . Cal . Cong . Ch ., 61. 63 ; Rollstone Cong . Ch . 50 ; “ A Friend , ” 10 121. 63 Florence . Florence Cong . Ch . 24. 00 Foxboro . Orthodox Cong . Ch . 22. 61 Framingham . Plymouth Ch . and Soc . 75. 00 Framingham . Plymouth Ch . and Soc ., 43. 75 ; Mrs. Mary L. Brown , 5 , for Indian M. 48. 75 Freetown . Cong . Soc . 4. 20 Grafton . Evan . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 46. 71 Hanson . Cong . Ch . 14. 22 Holbrook . Winthrop Ch . 37. 47 Holliston . “ Bible Christians . ” 108. 90 Holyoke . First Cong . Ch . 20. 45 Hyde Park . Cong . Ch . 15. 60 Indian Orchard . Ladies and Mission Circle , Bbl ., 3 for freight , for Williamsburg , Ky. 3. 00 Kingston . May Flower Cong . Ch . and Soc . 20. 00 Lakeville . Precinct Sab . Sch . 10. 11 Lancaster . Evan . Cong . Ch . ad'l . 23. 35 Leicester . First Cong . Ch . 31. 68 Leominster . Miss Annie G. Herron and S. S. Class , for Indian Sch'p . 14. 00 Lowell . Pawtucket Ch . 25. 39 Malden . Mrs. J. W . Wellman , for Student Aid , Mountain Work 50. 00 Malden . First Ch . 42. 00 Middleton . Cong . Ch . 19. 60 Millbury . Sab . Sch . of Second Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. and to const . WILLIAM L. PROCTOR L. M . 50. 00 New Salem . Cong . Ch . 7. 50 North Andover . Cong . Ch . and Soc ., to const . ANDREW MCLEAN L. M . 75. 00 Northhampton . First Ch . 280. 78 Northboro . Evan . Cong . Ch . 35. 00 North Brookfield . First Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 66. 66 ; Union Cong . Ch ., 28 94. 66 North Brookfield . “ Light Bearers , ” for Rosebud Indian M. 7. 50 North Middleton . “ A Friend . ” 25. 00 North Woburn . Rev . S. Bixby 5. 00 Norton . Trin . Cong . Ch . ( 60 of which from Mrs. E. B . Wheaton to const . REV . GEO . H. HUBBARD and MRS. DEBORAH B. HUBBARD L. M . ' s ) 76. 64 Pepperell . Evan . Cong . Ch . 42. 28 Pittsfield . Second Cong . Ch . 7. 00 Quincy . Evan . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Randolph . Cong . Ch . 128. 38 , and Sab . Sch ., 10 138. 38 Raynham . First Cong . Ch . and Soc . 26. 08 Reading . Cong . Ch . 18. 00 Rockport . First Cong . Soc . 17. 51 Royalston . First Cong . Ch . 40. 00 Sherborn . Cong . Ch . 30. 00 Somerville . Day St. Cong . Ch . 13. 00 South Braintree . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 South Framingham . Y. P. S. C. E ., for Indian Sch'ps . 87. 50 South Weymouth . Cong . Ch . 106. 69 South Weymouth . Second Cong . Ch . 28. 00 South Williamstown . South Cong . Ch . 11. 37 Spencer . Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. 123. 00 Springfield . Y. P. S. C. E . of South Cong . Ch ., 25 ; “ Friend . ” 5 for Indian M. 30. 00 Springfield . Y. P. S. C. E . of Hope Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 13. 00 Springfield . Woman 's Miss . Soc ., Hope Ch . 5. 00 Stockbridge . Alice Byington . Pkg . Patchwork etc ., for Sherwood , Tenn. Sturbridge . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn ., to const . REV . THEOPHILUS BEAIZLEY L. M . 30. 00 Tapleyville . “ F. R . ” 4. 00 Taunton . Winslow Ch . and Soc . 59. 67 Taunton . Winslow S. S ., for Indian M. 25. 00 Townsend . Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch . 1. 00 Upton . First Cong . Ch . 46. 04 Uxbridge . Evan . Cong . Ch . and Soc . to const . DEACON LAWSON A. SEAGRAVE L. M . 37. 50 Warren . Cong . Ch . 182. 00 West Gardner . Young Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., for Indian Sch'p . 17. 50 West Gardner . Mrs. Martha B. Knowlton 20. 00 West Newton . Cong . Ch . Mrs E. Price , ( 30 of which to const . HOWARD A. PECK L. M .) 130. 00 Went Stockbridge Center . Cong . Ch . 1. 33 Weymouth and Braintree . Union Cong . Ch . 48. 62 Whittinsville . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 60. 00 Winchester . First Cong . Ch . ( 28. 67 of which for Indian M .) 86. 50 Whitman . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 82. 11 Worcester . Union Ch ., 199. 65 ; Plymouth Ch ., 50 ; S. A. Pratt . 50 .; Mrs. Mary E. Gough , 50 ; Piedmont Ch ., 60 409. 65 Worcester . Piedmont Ch ., H. B . Lincoln and family , 25 ; Piedmont Sab . Sch ., 25 , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Worcester Co. “ A Friend of the poor Indian . ” for Indian M. 30. 00 Hampden Benevolent Association , by Charles Marsh , Treasurer : Chicopee . First 6. 92 Monson 36. 89 Palmer . Second 50. 00 West Springfield . First Ch . 18. 00 West Springfield . First Ch . Sab . Sch . 20. 00 West Springfield . Park St. Miss Brooks ’ Class , for Indian Boy 4. 02 135. 83 $ 7 , 210. 89 ESTATES . Arlington . Estate of Henry Mott , by Wm . H. H . Tuttle , Adm'r 500. 00 Boston . Estate of John Bellows , by Helen E. Bellows and B. M . Fernald , Exr 's 1 , 000. 00 West Roxbury . Estate of E. W . Tolman , for education of colored youth , by Rev . N. G . Clark , Adm'r 1 , 000. 00 Worcester . Estate of Dwight Reed , by E. J . Whittemore , Adm'r 6 , 750. 00 $ 16 , 460. 89 RHODE ISLAND , $ 101. 45 . Little Compton . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg Academy , Ky. 14. 10 Peace Dale . Cong . Ch . 22. 35 Providence . Pilgrim Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Providence . Sab . Sch . North Cong . Ch ., for Pine Mountain Work 15. 00 CONNECTICUT , $ 3 , 338. 76 . Birmingham . Cong . Ch . 22. 66 Brooklyn . First Trin . Ch . and Soc ., to const . MRS. ELIZABETH N. THURBER L. M . 30. 00 Canaan . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., by Mrs. Charles Adams , Treas ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 7. 18 Centre Brook . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 28. 00 Cheshire . Cong . Ch . 24. 50 Cornwall . First Cong . Ch . 38. 25 Derby . First Cong . Ch . 22. 00 East Avon . Cong . Ch . 17. 00 East Hampton . First Cong . Soc ., to const . L. S . CARPENTER L. M . 37. 12 East Hartford . Y. P. S. C. E . of South Ch ., for Santee Ind . Sch . 40. 00 East Hartford . First Ch . 20. 00 Easton . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Enfield . “ Friends on Cong . Ch ., ” for Indian M. 12. 00 Franklin . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Glastonbury . J. B. Williams , for Tougaloo U . 50. 00 Goshen . Mrs. Moses Lyman 10. 00 Hampton . Sab . Sen. of Cong . Ch ., 20 ; Miss A. Williams , 10 ; Cong . Ch ., 7. 50 37. 50 Hebron . Mrs. Anna E. Lord 10. 00 Mansfield . Second Cong . Ch . 21. 00 Mansfield Center . M. G . Swift 15. 00 Meriden . First Cong . Ch . 200 , to const . MISS HATTIE M. BEACH , MISS CLARA E. BOARDMAN , MISS NETTIE L. CLARK and ALLEN R. YALE L. M . ' s ; Center Ch ., 53 . 253. 00 Meriden . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., for Sch'p ., Fisk U . 50. 00 Middlefield . Mrs. A . Winter 's S. S. Class , “ Pansy Soc . ” to help ed . a girl Grand View Normal Sch . 10. 62 Middletown . Sab . Sch . of South Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. 25. 00 Middletown . Edward Payne , 10 ; G. T . Meech , 5 ; S. H . Butler , 5 ; W. H . Burrows 2 , for Tougaloo U . 22. 00 Middletown . S. H . Butler , for Indian M. 5. 00 Milton . Cong . Ch . 9. 20 Moodus . Miss Mary E. Dyer 5. 00 New Britain . First Ch . of Christ 100 ; D. M . Rogers 30 , to const . SARAH P. ROGERS L. M . 130. 00 New Britain . Mrs. Walters ’ S. S. Class , for Rosebud Indian M. 1. 70 New Greenwich . Cong . Ch . 27. 44 New Haven . Sab . Sch ., Second Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 45. 00 New Haven . Sab . Sch , Ch . of the Redeemer , for Indian Sch'p . 18. 00 New Milford . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch , for Sch'p , Hampton N. and A. Inst . 70. 00 Norfolk . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Sch'p ., Santee Indian Sch . 17. 07 Norwich . First Cong . Ch ., 75 ; “ Thank Offering , ” Miss Sarah M. Lee , 50 125. 00 Plainfield . Mrs. C. B . Darling ad'l . for Darling Indian Station , Fort Yates , Dak . 200. 00 Plainfield . First Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 6. 87 Poquonock . Dea . Thomas Duncan 50. 00 Poquonock . “ Cheerful Givers , ” by Mrs. Robert Young , 4. 50 ; Mrs. Thomas Duncan , 5 , for Student Aid , Grand View , Tenn. 9. 50 Ridgefield . First Cong . Ch . 17. 30 Riverton . Delos Stephens 5. 00 Rockville . Union Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. 20. 00 Salisbury . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., on “ True Blue ” Card 5. 00 Saybrook . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 32. 16 Simsbury . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., for Straight U . 26. 00 Somerville . Mrs. Orpha P. Smith , for Savannah , Ga. 5. 00 South Canaan . “ A Friend . ” 1. 00 Southport . Cong . Ch ., to const . D. HENRY GOULD , MRS. F. H . LOUIS and JOSEPH A. WAKEMAN L. M . ' s 90. 41 Stafford . Mrs. S. H . Thresher 5. 00 Stafford Springs . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Stanwich . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Terryville . Cong . Ch . 54. 15 Terryville . Class in Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 0. 50 Thomaston . Sab . Sen. of Cong . Ch ., for Sch'p , Santee Indian Sch . 17. 50 Thomaston . Cong . Ch . 12. 41 Torrington . L. Wetmore 100. 00 Unionville . First Ch . of Christ 10. 00 Voluntown and Sterling . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 20. 36 Washington . Cong . Ch . 66. 76 Westbrook . “ A Friend . ” 2. 00 West Haven . Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 24. 57 ; Mrs. Emeline Smith , 15 39. 57 Wethersfield . Cong . Ch . 89. 04 Wethersfield . S. S. Class , by S. F . Willard , for Mountain Work 1. 10 Windham . Cong . Ch . 11. 75 Windsor . Mrs. Mary Pearson , 100 ; Misses A. and M. Sill , 25 , for Student Aid , Grand View , Tenn. 125. 00 Windsor . “ Friend , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 5. 00 Windsor Locks . Mrs. C. A . Porter , for Student Aid , Grand View , Tenn. 2. 00 Winsted . First Cong . Ch . 64. 23 Woodbury . First Cong . Ch . 10. 51 ——. “ A Friend in Connecticut , ” for Indian M. 35. 00 ——. “ A Friend in Connecticut . ” 30. 00 Ladies of Conn. Woman 's Home Missionary Union , for Williamsburg , Ky ., by Mrs. J. P. Hubbard : Bristol . Bbl ., Freight , 1. 50 , by Mrs. N. L . Brewster 1. 50 Chaplin . Mrs. F. Williams , Bbl ., 10 , for Student Aid 10. 00 Danbury . Box , 2. 50 , for Student Aid , by Miss A. Fanton 2. 50 East Hartford . Bbl , Freight 1 , by Mrs. N. S . Nash 1. 00 Hartford . Subscription to Youths ’ Companion , by E. F . Mix Norwich . Bbl ., Freight , 5 , by Mrs. H. G . Linnell 5. 00 20. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Conn ., by Mrs. Ward W. Jacobs , Treas ., for Womans ; Work : Bridgeport . Ladies ’ Soc . Circle of South Ch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 37. 50 Chaplin . Ladies , for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 15. 00 Kent . Ladies ’ Home Miss'y Soc ., 10 ; Cong . Sab . Sch ., 10 , for Mountain Work , Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 20. 00 72. 50 $ 2 , 563. 86 ESTATES . Watertown . Estate of Eliza Marsh , by H. M. Hickcox , Adm'r . 274. 90 Wethersfield . Estate of Mrs. Marietta M. Sunbury , by Richard Seymour , Ex . 500. 00 $ 3 , 388. 76 NEW YORK , $ 1 , 724. 21 . Brooklyn . Sab . Sch . of Central Cong . Ch ., for Santee Indian Sch . 37. 50 Brooklyn . Carrie Strong , for Williamsburg , Ky. 2. 00 Canandaigua . Boys ’ Miss'y Soc . Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. 25. 00 Canandaigua . “ King 's Daughters , ” and “ Boys ’ Mission Band . ” Half Bbl . Articles , for Hospital , Fort Yates , North Dak . East Otto . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Fairfield . Miss A. E . Conn 10. 00 Gerry . Mrs. M. A . Sears 178. 36 Jamesport . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Lima . C. D . Miner , Sen ., 10 ; H. C. Gilbert , 5 15. 00 Lima . Clara Janes , 2 Packages , for Sherwood , Tenn. Lockport . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Middletown . First Cong . Ch . 11. 14 New York . Z. Stiles Ely 100. 00 Nunda . “ A Friend . ” 15. 00 Orient . Cong . Ch . 11. 79 Pekin . Miss Abigail Peck , 10 ; Miss Olivia Root , 2 12. 00 Perry Center . “ A Friend , ” 15 ; Mrs. Miranda Richardson , 1 16. 00 Poughkeepsie . First Cong . Ch . 17. 67 Rensselaer Falls . Rev . R. C . Day 5. 00 Silver Creek . W. Chapin 10. 00 Union Springs . Mrs. Mary H. Thomas 5. 00 Utica . Mrs. Sarah H. Mudge 5. 00 Walton . H. N . St. John , for Williamsburg , Ky. 14. 75 Westmoreland . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 ——. “ A Friend . ” 600. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of N. Y ., by Mrs. L. H . Cobb , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Copenhagen . Aux ., to const . CHARLES CAMPBELL L. M . 30. 00 Fairport . Aux ., Mrs. Brooks 25. 00 Norwich . “ Life Member , ” 15 ; “ In Memory of Villa Crumb Borden , ” 10 25. 00 Riverhead . Ladies ’ Aux . 25. 00 105. 00 $ 1 , 224. 21 ESTATE . Waverley . Estate of Phebe Hepburne , Proceeds Sale of Land 500. 00 $ 1 , 724. 21 NEW JERSEY , $ 83. 99 . Chester . Cong . Ch ., 48. 76 , and Sab . Sch ., 4. 12 52. 88 Lyons Farms . Fred W. C. Crane 20. 00 Montclair . Y. L. M . Soc . of First Cong . Ch . 9. 11 Montclair . S. S. Class , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 2. 00 PENNSYLVANIA , $ 20. 00 . Cambridgeboro . Woman 's Miss'y Soc . of Cong . Ch ., by Mrs. A. B . Ross 5. 00 Canton . H. Sheldon 15. 00 OHIO , $ 793. 89 . Amherst . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Bellevue . S. W . Boise 50. 00 Brownhelm . First Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Claridon . L. T . Wilmot 10. 00 Cleveland . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., 22. 43 ; First Cong . Ch ., Supply , 20 ; Union Cong . Ch ., 5 47. 43 Cleveland . Young People , by Miss E. A . Johnson , for Mountain Work 3. 00 Cuyahoga Falls . Cong . Ch . 9. 81 Dover . First Cong . Ch . 31. 09 Edinburg . Cong . Ch . 8. 86 Gustavus . First Cong . Ch . 17. 25 Hudson . Cong . Ch . 11. 00 Kelley 's Island . Cong . Ch . 8. 05 Lexington . Rev . Charles Cutler , Box Books , for Talladega C. Lock . First Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Madison . Central Cong . Ch . 33. 76 Marblehead . Cong . Ch . 7. 75 Medina . Cong . Ch . to const . MISS FLORA E. HARD , A. E . GRIESINGER and W. A . STEVENS L. M . ' s 93. 00 Newark . Thomas D. Jones , 10 ; First Welch Ch ., 8. 27 18. 27 North Ridgeville . Miss M. M . Lickorish , 3 ; Miss Mills ’ S. S. Class , 2 , for Williamsburg , Ky. 5. 00 Oberlin . First Ch . 53. 00 Oberlin . Second Cong . Ch ., for Jewett Memorial Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 6. 75 North Amherst . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 North Benton . Simon Hartzell 5. 00 North Monroeville . First Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch . 8. 00 Rockport . Mrs. Carrie S. Bassett 19. 50 Salem . David A. Allen , bal . to const . his grand-nephew , DAVID A. ALLEN L. M . 25. 00 Springfield . Mrs. M. A . Dunlap 1. 00 Strongsville . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Toledo . Washington St. Cong . Ch . 17. 00 West Andover . Henry Holcomb 4. 00 Windham . Cong . Ch . 22. 60 Welshfield . First Cong . Ch . 4. 52 Ohio Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. Phebe A. Crafts , Treasurer , for Woman 's Work : Burton . L. M. S . 20. 00 Claridon . W. M. S . 10. 00 Cleveland . First Cong . Ch ., H. M. S . 14. 75 Cleveland . Mrs. C. E . Prindle 1. 50 Jefferson . L. M. S ., for Miss Collins 5. 00 Litchfield . L. M. S ., for Miss Collins 5. 00 Madison . Mrs. Elias Strong , ( 10 of which for Indian M .) 20. 00 Marysville . W. M. S ., 5 , for Miss Collins , 5 , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 North Bloomfield . L. M. S ., for Miss Collins 8. 00 Oberlin . First Cong . Ch ., L. A. S . 75. 00 Oberlin College . Y. L. M. S ., for Miss Collins 15. 00 Oberlin . First Cong . Ch ., L. A. S ., for Miss Collins 5. 00 Olmsted . Second Cong . Ch ., W. M. S . 15. 00 Olmsted . Second Cong . Ch ., W. M. S ., for Miss Collins 5. 00 Rootstown . L. H. M. S ., for Miss Collins 8. 00 Springfield . L. H. M. S ., for Miss Collins 5. 00 222. 25 INDIANA , $ 5. 00 . Versailles . Mrs. J. D . Nichols 5. 00 ILLINOIS , $ 430. 34 . Albion . Rev . P. W . Wallace 2. 50 Altona . B. Mather , for Mountain Work in Tenn. 1. 00 Amboy . Cong . Ch .. to const . MRS. SARAH OUSEY L. M . 45. 00 Atkinson . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Bone Gap . Mrs. Lu Rice 20. 00 Bunker Hill . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Byron . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 60 Cambridge . Sab . Sch ., First Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Chicago . Leavitt St. Cong . Ch ., 23. 41 ; Rev . C. S . Cady , 1 ; Mrs. C. S . Cady , 1 25. 41 Collinsville . J. F . Wadsworth 10. 00 Concord . Joy Prairie Sab . Sch . 9. 72 Dundee . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Durand . Rev . E. Colton 5. 00 Forrest . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Glencoe . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Granville . Y. P . Miss'y Soc . 5. 00 Granville . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 4. 00 Griggsville . Mrs. C. A . Reynolds , to const . MISS CARRIE B. REYNOLDS L. M . 30. 00 Homer . Cong . Ch . 11. 53 Joliet . Rev . S. Penfield 5. 00 Lisbon . Mrs. Dr. Kendall 1. 00 Lockport . Cong . Ch . 12. 19 Malden . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Metamora . Cong . Ch . 21. 23 Morton . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Neponset Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Payson . Cong . Ch ., 10. 80 ; D. E . Robbins , 1. 20 12. 00 Plainfield . Cong . Ch . 16. 00 Plymouth . Sab . Sch ., by F. N . Phelps , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 3. 00 Ridge Prairie . Evan . St. John Ch . 10. 00 Roscoe . Mrs. A. A. Tuttle 5. 00 Rutland . Rev . L. Taylor 3. 00 Sparta . Bryce Crawford , 5 ; P. B . Gault , 1 ; James Hood , 1 ; Henry Bartholomew , 50c ; J. Alexander , 50c . 8. 00 Toulon . Cong . Ch . ad'l 19. 66 Illinois Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. C. E . Maltby , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Champaign 6. 00 Moline 30. 00 Oak Park 10. 50 Providence . 7. 00 Rockford . Second Ch . 20. 00 Rockford . First Ch . 11. 00 Stillman Valley 20. 00 Wyoming 10. 00 114. 50 WISCONSIN , $ 2 , 502. 17 . Big Spring . Cong . Ch ., 1. 62 ; Ladles ’ Aid Soc ., 1. 05 2. 67 Cooksville . Edward Gilley 5. 00 Fort Atkinson . P. T . Gunnison 10. 00 Green Bay . First Presb . Ch . 35. 63 Hudson . Mrs. C. E . Pike , Pkg . C ., etc . for Sherwood , Tenn. Janesville . First Cong . Ch . 88. 49 Madison . First Cong . Ch . 11. 52 Rosendale and Springvale . “ Friends ” by “ Mrs. H. N. C . ” Bbl . C ., etc ., for Sherwood , Tenn. River Falls . Cong . Ch . 25. 00 River Falls . Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Fort Berthold , Dak . 19. 00 Sheboygan . Daniel Brown 3. 00 Watertown . Cong . Ch . 1 8. 12 Wauwatosa . Cong . Ch . 57. 24 Windsor . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Wis ., for Woman 's Work : Arena . Ladies of First Ch . 2. 87 Beloit . Ladies of First Ch ., 50 for Woman 's Work ; 10 for Indian Sch'p , 1 for Chinese M. 61. 00 Eau Claire . Ladies of First Ch . 27. 45 Green Bay . Ladies ’ Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Janesville . Ladies Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Madison . Ladies Cong . Ch . 17. 49 Milton . Ladies Cong . Ch . 11. 00 Milwaukee . Ladies Grand Av . Church 30. 00 New Lisbon . Ladies Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Platteville . Ladies Cong . Ch . 1. 95 Ripon . Ladies Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Stoughton . S. S. Birthday Box 1. 25 Sun Prairie . Ladies Cong . Ch . 4. 24 Viroqua . Ladies Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Wauwatosa . Ladies Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Whitewater . Ladies Cong . Ch . 8. 25 214. 50 $ 502. 17 ESTATE . Menominee . Estate of John H. Knapp , by Trustees 2000. 00 $ 2 , 502. 17 MICHIGAN , $ 572. 78 . Alamo . Julius Hackley 10. 00 Almont . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 Alpena 2. 00 Ann Arbor . First Cong . Ch . 43. 00 Cedar Springs . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Detroit . Fort St. Cong . Ch . 3. 43 East Gilead . Rev . L. Curtiss 2. 00 Galesburg . “ A Friend ” 100. 00 Greenville . Mrs. R. L . Ellsworth 20. 00 Hopkins Station . D. B . Kidder 5. 00 Ithaca . Mary E. Morris 5. 00 Kalamazoo . T. Hudson 100. 00 Manistee . Young Ladies ’ Mission Circle , for Oahe Indian Sch . 50. 00 Portland . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 Saginaw City . Mrs . A. M. Spencer 2. 00 Saint Clair . Cong . Ch . 45. 00 South Haven . First Cong . Ch . 1. 35 Union City . I. W . Clark 100. 00 Watervliet and Coloma . Plymouth Cong . Ch ., Watervliet 24 ; Cong . Ch . of Coloma , 6 , to const . MRS. GEORGE PARSONS L. M . 30. 00 Yipsilante . “ Cheerful Helpers , ” Cong . Ch ., for Athens , Ala. 4. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Michigan , by Mrs. E. P . Grabill , Treas , for Woman 's Work : Greenville . W. H. M. S . 10. 00 10. 00 IOWA , $ 329. 78 . Anamosa . Cong . Ch ., 5. 75 , and Sab . Sch . 2. 25 8. 00 Burr Oak . Cong . Ch . 1. 10 Cherokee . “ A Friend , ” to const . REV . WALTER L. FERRIS L. M . 30. 00 Chester Center . Cong . Ch . 9. 57 Council Bluffs . Thomas C. Johnston 4. 50 Corning . First Cong . Ch . 12. 70 Davenport . Mrs. M. Willis . Pkg . Patchwork for Sherwood , Tenn. Denmark . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Des Moines . Park Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch ., for Mountain Work 17. 00 Durant . “ A Friend ” for an Organ , for Miss Collins ’ Indian Work , Fort Yates , Dak . 50. 00 Hampton . First Cong . Ch . 28. 81 Hull . Cong . Ch . 13. 90 Otho . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Tabor . Cong . Ch . 49. 68 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Iowa , for Woman 's Work : Bear Grove . Mrs. C. R . Switzer 2. 00 Cedar Falls . L. M. S . 6. 09 Council Bluffs . W. M. S , for Mrs. DeForest , Talladega 10. 00 Grinnell . W. H. M. U . 9. 24 Keokuk . W. M. S . 15. 00 Lewis . L. M. S . 5. 00 Le Mars 5. 00 Oskaloosa . L. M. S . 7. 25 Ottumwa . W. M. U . 12. 36 Postville . L. M. S . 5. 00 Rockford . L. M. S . 0. 64 Toledo . W. H . and F. M. S . 1. 74 Toledo . Y. P. S. C. E . 0. 20 79. 52 MINNESOTA , $ 405. 68 . Ada . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Jonesboro , Tenn. 1. 10 Audubon . Cong . Ch . 4. 10 Barnesville . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 3. 25 Brownsville . Mrs. S. A. McHose , for Sherwood , Tenn. 1. 25 Lake City . First Cong . Ch . 7. 46 Mankato . Woman 's Miss'y Soc ., by Mrs. A. B . Smith 10. 75 Northfield . First Cong . Ch . 81. 77 Rochester . Cong . Ch . 50. 48 Worthington . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Minnesota Woman 's Home Missionary Soc ., by Mrs. M. W . Skinner , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Ada , for Santee Ind . Sch . 0. 76 Austin . L. S . 6. 27 Cannon Falls . L. S . 1. 70 Cottage Grove . L. S . 7. 50 Elk River . S. S. for Santee Ind . Sch . 4. 00 Glyndon . M. S . 10. 00 Groveland . S. S. 5. 00 Hancock , for Santee Ind . Sch . 0. 55 Hutchinson . “ Daughters of the King . ” 7. 61 Lake City . S. S ., for Santee Ind . Sch . 2. 00 Minneapolis . Plymouth L. M. S . 19. 67 Minneapolis . Como Av . M. S . 10. 00 Minneapolis . First Cong . Ch . M. S . 50. 00 Marshall . L. M. S . 8. 00 Mazeppa . M. S . 1. 00 Morris . Miss'y Union 3. 38 Northfield . “ Willing Workers ” 10. 38 Owatonna . M. S . 2. 33 Rochester . M. S . 20. 00 Saint Paul . M. S . ( of which 12. 50 for Fort Berthold Ind . M .) 25. 00 Saint Paul . Plymouth Sab . Sch ., for Santee Ind . Sch . 3. 01 Saint Paul . Pacific M. S . 13. 00 Waseca . M. S . 3. 48 Winona . Y. L. M. S ., First Cong . Ch . 25. 00 Winona . Sab . Sch . First Cong . Ch ., for Santee Ind . Sch . 3. 88 243. 52 MISSOURI , $ 3. 00 . Holden . “ S. E . Hawes , ” for Indian M. 3. 00 KANSAS , $ 66. 03 . Council Grove . Cong . Ch . 13. 00 Lawrence . Cong . Ch . 38. 15 Osawatomie . Cong . Ch . 13. 00 Russell Springs . Cong . Ch . 1. 38 Solomon City . Mary W. Eastman 0. 50 NORTH AND SOUTH DAKOTA , $ 67. 35 . Cummings . Cong . Ch . 6. 15 Oahe . “ Dividend . ” 20. 00 Redfield . Cong . Ch . 16. 00 Yankton . Ward Family Miss'y Soc ., for Oahe Ind . Sch . 1. 00 ——. 0. 50 Woman 's Home Missionary Society of North Dakota , by Mrs. Mary M. Fisher , Treas . : Cooperstown . Ladies M. Soc . 7. 06 7. 06 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of South Dakota , by Mrs. S. E . Fifield , Treas . : Faulkton . W. M. S . 1. 25 Huron . W. M. S . 5. 00 Mitchell . W. M. S . 1. 00 Plankinton . “ Willing Hearts . ” 1. 50 Sioux Falls . “ King 's Daughters . ” 2. 00 Yankton . W. M. S . 5. 89 16. 64 NEBRASKA , $ 139. 83 . Camp Creek . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Fremont . Mrs. M. J. Abbott to const . MRS. LIZZIE H. BULLOCK , MRS. MARY NILSSON and MISS LUCY A. SMITH L. M . ' s 100. 00 Grafton . First Cong . Ch . 4. 60 Verdon . Cong . Ch . 13. 20 York . Y. P. S. C . 5. 65 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of Neb . by Mrs. D. B . Perry , Treas . : Norfolk . Y. P. C. E. S . 6. 38 6. 38 COLORADO , $ 12. 54 . Boulder . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 Highland Lake . Sab . Sch . Miss'y Soc . 10. 79 Pueblo . Cong . Ch . 0. 75 CALIFORNIA , $ 50. 38 . Arcata . “ A Friend . ” 2. 00 Los Angeles . J. E . Cushman 25. 00 San Diego . Second Cong . Ch ., for Chinese M. 8. 38 San Francisco . Rev . J. C. Holbrook , D. D . 10. 00 San Jose . Sarah Brown , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 5. 00 OREGON , $ 8. 50 . Ashland . Cong . Ch . 8. 50 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , $ 2. 05 . Washington . “ A. J. W . ” , for Oahe Ind . Sch . 2. 05 KENTUCKY , $ 12. 75 . Williamsburg . Alice C. Tupper , 5 ; Miss C. Coleman , 7. 25 ; Through Miss Bingham , 50c , for Williamsburg , Ky. 12. 75 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 73. 96 . Wilmington . Cong . Ch . 66. 96 Strieby . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 Salem . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Pekin . Cong . Ch . 2. 50 Dry Creek . Cong . Ch . 1. 50 TENNESSEE , $ 15. 00 . Jonesboro . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Nashville . Rev . F. A . Chase 10. 00 GEORGIA , $ 3. 00 . Savannah . Woman 's Miss'y Soc ., for Indian M. 3. 00 ALABAMA , $ 33. 33 . Marion . Cong . Ch . 33. 33 MISSISSIPPI , $ 3. 00 . Jackson . Rev . C. L . Harris 3. 00 LOUISIANA , $ 1. 00 . New Orleans . Boys Miss'y Soc . of Straight U ., for Oahe Ind . Sch . 1. 00 TEXAS , $ 72. 80 . Helena . Cong . Ch . 72. 80 CHINA , $ 31. 00 . Faiku . Mr. and Mrs D. H. Clapp 25. 00 Pang Chuang . Misses G. and G. Wyckoff 6. 00 Donations $ 17 , 801. 49 Estates 15 , 024. 90 $ 32 , 826. 39 SLATER FUND APPROPRIATIONS . Memphis , Tenn. 1 , 299. 99 Nashville , Tenn. 2 , 000. 00 Macon , Ga. 500. 00 Talladega , Ala. 1 , 400. 00 New Orleans , La . 1 , 300. 00 Tougaloo , Miss . 1 , 500. 00 Austin , Texas 900. 00 8 , 899. 99 INCOME , $ 1 , 844. 05 . Avery Fund , for Mendi M. 1 , 597. 78 C. F . Dike Fund , for Straight U . 50. 00 General Endowment Fund , for Freedmen 50. 00 Howard Theo . Fund , for Howard U . 146. 27 1 , 844. 05 TUITION , $ 67. 35 . Williamsburg , Ky ., Tuition 36. 80 Troy , N. C ., Tuition 1. 35 Nashville , Tenn ., Tuition 0. 75 Talladega , Ala ., Tuition 5. 55 Austin , Texas , Tuition 22. 90 67. 35 RENTS , $ 506. 36 . Jonesboro , Tenn. 32. 60 Nashville , Tenn. 65. 70 St. Augustine , Fla. 59. 54 Tougaloo , Miss . 138. 30 Austin , Texas 210. 22 506. 36 United States Government for the Education of Indians 1 , 189. 43 From Sale of Property 2 , 007. 75 Total for September $ 47 , 341. 37 SUMMARY . Donations $ 189 , 299. 57 Estates 114 , 020. 41 $ 303 , 319. 98 Slater Fund 8 , 899. 99 Income 10 , 947. 26 Tuition 34 , 126. 69 Rent 506. 36 U. S. Government 16 , 408. 85 Sale of Property 2 , 007. 75 Total from Oct. 1 to Sept. 30 $ 376 , 216. 88 ============ FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions for September $ 38. 68 Previously acknowledged 759. 67 Total $ 798. 35 H. W . HUBBARD , Treasurer , 56 Reade St. N. Y . ADVERTISEMENTS . THE CARMINA SANCTORUM . THE NEW HYMN AND TUNE BOOK FOR EVANGELICAL CHURCHES . COMMENDATIONS . Messrs. A. S. Barnes & Co. publish a great variety of valuable works . There is nothing better in the line of hymn books than their “ Carmina Sanctorum , ” edited by Zachary Eddy , Lewis Ward Mudge and the late Dr. Roswell Dwight Hitchcock . This book of sacred song has already been adopted by over 400 CHURCHES of different denominations — The New York Observer . Any congregation that likes to have its hymnal represent careful thought and full culture , would do well to examine this collection of “ Carmina Sanctorum , ” recently published by A. S. Barnes & Co . The editors have taken it for granted that choirs and congregations are desiring , not revolution , but only improvement in their service of song , i. e .— the plan is conservative , but not narrowly so . It represents the great communion of saints of all ages and nations . All corners of the vast hymnic field have been drawn on .— The Independent , New York . “ Carmina Sanctorum ” contains 746 hymns , 21 doxologies , 43 chants , 450 tunes and 7 separate indexes . The hymns are only the choicest , and they have been carefully edited by that accomplished authority in hymnody , Dr. Hitchcock , who gives the date and authorship of each hymn and notes all abbreviations and changes in each page . The responses are selected from the revision and make a complete manual . The cream of the old [ tunes ] is all here . The cream of the new is all here . As The AMERICAN CHURCHES HAVE GROWN IN TASTE AND CAPACITY FOR MUSICAL EXPRESSION IN WORSHIP , THIS BOOK SEEMS TO MEET THEIR WANTS COMPLETELY , GIVING THEM PLENTY OF TUNES , THEY CAN AND WILL SING , AND AT THE SAME TIME EDUCATING THEIR TASTE AND IMPROVING THEIR PUBLIC WORSHIP . It is also a pleasant feature that when new tunes are furnished to certain hymns , the more familiar ones will be found on the same page . To all this may be added that four editions are published , two with music and two without , and they are all cheap .— The New York Evangelist . SPECIMEN COPIES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION . A. S. BARNES & CO ., PUBLISHERS . 111 & 113 WILLIAM STREET , NEW YORK . 263 and 265 WABASH AVENUE , CHICAGO .