The American Missionary -  Volume 50 , No . 4 , April 1896 by Various Edition 1 , ( December 12 , 2006 ) CONTENTS Editorial Jubilee Year Fund . Our Industrial Work . The School and Church . The Year of Jubilee . A Jubilee Fund of $ 100 , 000 in Shares of $ 50 Each . The South . Notes by the Way . A Home Mission Work Little Understood . Talladega College , Ala . Lincoln Academy , All Healing , N. C . A Gracious Revival Obituary . HON . SEYMOUR STRAIGHT . MISS EVELYN E. STARR . Bureau of Woman ’ s Work . COLORED WOMEN ’ S WORK . WORK AT McLEANSVILLE , N. C . RECEIPTS FOR FEBRUARY , 1896 . NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION , Bible House , Ninth St. and Fourth Ave ., New York . Price , 50 Cents a Year in advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York N. Y ., as second-class mail matter . AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . PRESIDENT , MERRILL E. GATES , LL. D ., MASS . Vice-presidents . REV . F. A. NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. REV . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . REV . ALEX . MCKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . REV . HENRY A. STIMSON , D. D ., N. Y. REV . WASHINGTON GLADDEN , D. D ., Ohio . Honorary Secretary and Editor . REV . M. E. STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Corresponding Secretaries . REV . A. F. BEARD , D. D ., REV . F. P. WOODBURY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y. REV . C. J. RYDER , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Recording Secretary . REV . M. E. STRIEBY , D. D ., Bible House , N. Y . Treasurer . H. W. HUBBARD , Esq ., Bible House , N. Y . Auditors . GEORGE S. HICKOK . JAMES H. OLIPHANT . Executive Committee . CHARLES L. MEAD , Chairman . CHARLES A . HULL , Secretary . For Three Years . SAMUEL HOLMES SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , WILLIAM H. STRONG , ELIJAH HORR . For Two Years . WILLIAM HAYES WARD , JAMES W. COOPER , LUCIEN C. WARNER , JOSEPH H. TWICHELL , CHARLES P. PIERCE . For One Year . CHARLES A . HULL , ADDISON P. FOSTER , ALBERT J. LYMAN , NEHEMIAH BOYNTON , A. J. F. BEHRENDS . District Secretaries . REV . GEO . H. GUTTERSON , 21 Cong ’ l House , Boston , Mass . REV . JOS . E. ROY , D. D ., 153 La Salle Street , Chicago , Ill. Secretary of Woman ’ s Bureau . MISS D. E. EMERSON , Bible House , N. Y . COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office ; letters relating to the finances , to the Treasurer ; letters relating to woman ’ s work , to the Secretary of the Woman ’ s Bureau . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post-office orders , may be sent to H. W. Hubbard , Treasurer , Bible House , New York ; or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., or 153 La Salle Street , Chicago , Ill. A payment of thirty dollars constitutes a Life Member . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS .— The date on the “ address label ” indicates the time to which the subscription is paid . Changes are made in date on label to the 10th of each month . If payment of subscription be made afterward the change on the label will appear a month later . Please send early notice of change in post-office address , giving the former address and the new address , in order that our periodicals and occasional papers may be correctly mailed . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I give and bequeath the sum of —— dollars to the ’ American Missionary Association ,’ incorporated by act of the Legislature of the State of New York . ” The will should be attested by three witnesses . THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY VOL . L. APRIL , 1896 . No . 4 . Jubilee Year Fund . of the American Missionary Association * It is now fifty years since the ** AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION ** was organized . Its work and history are before the churches . We have reason to rejoice in the accomplishment of the past . We are grateful to God for this ministry of grace to His needy ones . We have come now to the semi-centennial year of the Association . We propose to celebrate the Fiftieth Year , and to acknowledge the goodness of God to us in the past . * * But we find ourselves in this present time in distress . Our work has been severely affected by the adverse times . Our mission schools and churches are suffering . For the last three years our average current receipts have been $ 93 , 000 less per year than during the previous three years . The work has been cut $ 184 , 000 during these three years . If it had been fully maintained the debt would have been three times as great as it is . * * We are now confronted with the question of further and more disastrous reductions , for our obligations must be met . The $ 100 , 000 borrowed for mission work must be paid . We do not believe that the churches wish this to be done by closing more schools and church doors against the poorest of our countrymen throughout the Southern lowlands and mountains , amid the Dakotas and Montana , from California to Florida . * * The Association has come to the last half of its fiscal year . Up to this time it has made no special plea for help . It has waited fraternally until kindred organizations have received the aid they ** so greatly needed . This vast Christian service in the most necessitous fields of the continent is as distinctively the trust of the churches as any of their enterprises are . Shall it not now have the same equitable relief as has been given to others ? Has not the time now come for helping this suffering work ? Will not those who have charged the Association with this burden of service now consecrate anew their benevolence to its relief and make this a Year of Jubilee , to wipe out the last vestige of debt ? * * It is proposed to raise during the next six months a special Jubilee Year Fund of $ 100 , 000 in shares of $ 50 each , with the hope and expectation that these shares will be taken by the friends of missions without lessening those regular contributions which must be depended upon to sustain the current work . * * The plea is urgent because the need is urgent . Will not all friends of this great work , pastor and people , now heartily unite in one special Christian endeavor to raise this American Missionary Association Jubilee Year Fund ? * * Charles L. Mead ,* * Samuel Holmes ,* * Samuel S. Marples ,* * William H. Strong ,* * Elijah Horr ,* * William Hayes Ward ,* * Lucien C. Warner ,* * James W. Cooper ,* * Joseph H. Twichell ,* * Charles P. Peirce ,* * Charles A . Hull ,* * Albert J. Lyman ,* * Addison P. Foster ,* * Nehemiah Boynton ,* * A. J. F. Behrends * * Executive Committee of the * * AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . * Our Industrial Work . We publish in this number of THE MISSIONARY an article copied from The Talladega College Record , giving a detailed account of the industrial work carried on in that institution . We invite attention to it as showing the wide range of those industries , and of their thorough and systematic arrangement . The School and Church . As is the school and church in any nation or community , so are the people . The Chinese for ages with universal education , such as it is , and the religion of Confucius , are a superstitious , stagnant , and an unheroic race . Europe in the middle ages , with no schools and an ambitious hierarchy , became ignorant and war-like , oppressed in Church and State . In these United States , their abundant educational facilities and a free church have developed largely the most intelligent and free people on the earth . But we said “ largely , ” for there are millions of people in this nation that are still in the lowest grades of ignorance and superstition . There are four millions of colored people who can neither read nor write , and have not yet escaped from the degrading effects of centuries of slavery . There are among the mountaineers of the South two millions of people , descendants of a noble race , who have for more than a hundred years been largely without schools or intelligent churches , and they have fallen far below the intelligence and enterprise of their fathers . Our American Indians , though comparatively a handful , still need our care . More than half their school population is without education or industrial habits . It is among these unfortunate races that the American Missionary Association is doing its great work . It comes to them with its schools and churches — its schools religious and its churches intelligent — and throughout the wide range of its work , lifting them up in knowledge and the industries of life , and in all these directions it has accomplished great results , planting wisely with good seed , and is beginning already to reap large and continually enlarging harvests . We print in this number of the MISSIONARY two articles written by Secretaries of the Association , which give reliable statements touching the deplorable needs of some of these people , and yet of the cheering transformations made in their condition by our schools and churches . We invite attention to these two articles . The Year of Jubilee . APPEAL FOR RELEASE FROM DEBT AND LIMITATIONS . A Jubilee Fund of $ 100 , 000 in Shares of $ 50 Each . We have come to our Year of Jubilee . Fifty years ago the American Missionary Association had a darker outlook than it has to-day . It saw 4 , 000 , 000 of people , children of a common Father , who were born under the skies of our common country , in a land of churches and Bibles , and saw them , not only with no legal rights , but not even the rights of persons , chattels under the law , bought and sold as things , in sin and degradation , and without hope in the world . That was a dark outlook . But God ’ s providence came , and now the country , which the Association could not so much as enter , is dotted with our schools , and with ten thousand other schools , and with churches , which stand for the truths which the Congregational churches of our land believe in and teach . Has anything more wonderful occurred in the wonderful fifty years , now gone by , than this change of conditions in the South , or any more demanding duty come to our churches than the work which has grown out of these changed conditions ? It belonged to no man fifty years ago to foresee the magnitude of our work in the South . Add to this that among twenty tribes of Indians , and our missions in the highlands of the South among the whites , and that which has been so greatly blessed of God on the Pacific Coast , and who could have foretold it all fifty years ago ? In all this we are not engaged in a merely philanthropic work ; we are doing more than to educate people in industries , though we are doing this . We are building on a foundation which no other can lay than is laid , Jesus Christ . In the schoolroom , in the teachings of agriculture and mechanics , the various trades and industries , as well as in our churches , this is our foundation . We are bringing salvation to the peoples who need it , knowing well that salvation includes this life , as well as that which is to come . Our supreme thought is to hasten on the time when there shall be a new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness . This has been , and this is , our work . Now we need to meet our indebtedness . It is a distressing load to carry . We are seeking to pay our obligations this Jubilee Year . We have not pressed our grievous burden upon the churches as urgently as we would have done , because our sister societies , in like distress , were in the field with their special appeals . Our hearts are now gladdened by the gracious providences that have come to them . Now , will not the churches generally engage in a special effort to lift the burden of our debt and restore prosperity to this work , which the churches and our individual givers have been , and are , doing through this Association ? In view of these facts , we most earnestly urge as the call of this Jubilee Year : First . That measures be taken in each church to make full and regular contributions to sustain our current work . It has been sadly reduced . During the last three years the receipts of the Association have been less than in the previous three years by about $ 93 , 000 a year , and but for our retrenchments this would have made a debt three times as great as it is now . If this reduction of receipts is to continue it will mean a ruinous increase of debt or an equally ruinous retrenchment of the work . Second . So great is our sense of the need of sustaining our present work that if regular contributions are not adequate we urgently appeal that the effort be made to secure it by largely increased contributions or by a special collection . Third . That our friends and all interested in this work now so imperiled will take shares in the Jubilee Fund of $ 100 , 000 . This fund is divided into 2 , 000 shares of $ 50 . We would have each of these fifty years in the Association ’ s history stand for a special contribution of a dollar , the whole fifty years being signalized by a Jubilee subscription of $ 50 and the semi-centennial made memorial by raising the money for the Jubilee Fund . Only six months are left of the present fiscal year . We come to all who believe in our work to help the Association and to help it now , so that we may at the great convocation at the Jubilee convention in Boston next October celebrate not only the heroic faith of the fathers , but the steadfast zeal and purpose of their children . THE SOUTH . Notes by the Way . Secretary A. F . Beard . In making my rounds among the schools of the Association and of the churches I find new experiences in old paths and new incidents by the way . Within the limitations of “ an article ” I cannot recall them , but I invite my readers to visit with me some of the places en route . FARM BUILDINGS , ENFIELD , N. C . FARM BUILDINGS , ENFIELD , N. C . It is not a long journey from New York to Enfield , N. C. We will not find a New England village there when we leave the Weldon and Wilmington Railway . It is quite another part of the world . A ride of four miles among plantations and cotton fields brings us to the latest-born school of the Association . Here are a thousand acres of arable land , which ought to be a fortune to its owner and has been in years gone by . Now , however , cotton and corn have ceased to be kings , oftentimes they are more like beggars . Thus it came to pass that this noble plantation became the property of a benevolent lady in Brooklyn , N. Y ., who made it a splendid gift to the Association , with sufficient money to build the fine brick building which stands in the center of this great farm , the beginning of the “ Joseph K. Brick Normal , Agricultural , and Industrial School . ” Is it needed ? We will say it is when we have acquainted ourselves with the condition of the colored people in these parts . I know not what could have been their condition in slavery . Except for the buying and the selling , it could not have been worse than we find it here to-day . Rags , ignorance , poverty , and degradation indescribable are in the cabins . Have the children been taught in any school ? No . Can the parents read ? No . Shall we find a Bible in the cabins ? No . Weak , wicked , and absolutely poor , in dumb and stolid content with animalism and dirt , here families are herding like cattle , in windowless and miserable cabins of one room . The children who fail to receive the benignity of death grow up here and exist and suffer in this dreadful life . Yet we can ride by this plantation and in sight of it any day on our way to Florida , and never see what is so near . Nevertheless , here it is a reality much worse than it reads , for ten times one are ten and ten times ten are one hundred . In such environment and conditions is our “ Agricultural and Industrial School ” now half way through its first year . PRINCIPAL T. S. INBORDEN . PRINCIPAL T. S. INBORDEN . If the principal of it should tell the story of his life , how he walked eight miles every day for three months of the year to learn to read and write ; how he worked for 20 cents a day to raise enough money to get away from his limitations for an education ; how he became bell-boy at a hotel until he earned enough to buy a grammar , an arithmetic , and a dictionary ; how he found himself at last at Fisk University with $ 1. 25 with which to continue his studies for eight years before he could graduate ; how he worked his patient way along teaching in vacation , pulling himself up hand over hand , it would pay one to stay over a day for it . There were only a few times during the eight years in Fisk when he had money enough to stamp a half dozen letters at once . This story , however , differs only in its incidents from that of other students at all of our colleges . The story of their struggles is the story of their strength . “ Shock and strain and struggle are Friendlier than the smiling days . ” All of the teachers at Enfield are graduates of Fisk University , and they each have their own story how heavy-weighted with poverty , they kept “ inching along ” with a resolute faith that had divinity in it . Are they not the very ones to help upward the poor boys and girls about them who , until this year of grace , never had one chance in life , and never dreamed of one ? We will keep our eyes on the school at Enfield . YOUNG MEN ’ S HALL , ENFIELD , N. C . YOUNG MEN ’ S HALL , ENFIELD , N. C . Next accompany me to Beaufort , N. C .. It is a place to visit . After we have gone as far as the land holds out , we set sail for a queer little town as far into the sea as it could get ; but when once we have arrived there we are repaid for any temporary discomfort on the waters . We find at Beaufort , “ Washburn Seminary ” with its excellent industrial plant — a school of much merit — and a church that gives us who are watching and caring for churches through their weaknesses and doubtful times , much encouragement . A few years ago it was a question if the church would survive . Now it lives and stands for not a little and has strength of its own . Here , at the time of our visit , a young man , whose only educational privileges had been those of “ Washburn Seminary , ” preached his first sermon to a congregation which crowded the church . It was a most creditable discourse in method , matter , and manner . The best of it is that , among those who have always known him , there is the common testimony that the young preacher lives his faith . Such incidents as this are not singular in the history of our schools and churches , but they are significant . They represent the evolution that is going on . Of our visits at Wilmington , Greenwood , Athens and Marietta , Atlanta and Anniston , we make no record . We will come to Talladega . President DeForest , with his hearty grip and whole-souled voice , gave me good welcome to Talladega . We were in old times classmates and friends at Yale , when we called ourselves boys . “ You must not stop in the Hall this time , but come to my home and we will talk over what Talladega is doing and what we ought to do , ” he insisted . Precious days were those , as I now recall them , with this scholarly man , so instinct with faith , so earnest and hopeful in his work , so happy in his family , and so full of plans for the time to come . We talked together of the interests of the institution which , within seventeen years , he had led on from a normal school to a college . Together we went through the various classrooms and heard the recitations ; the mathematics cultivating the reasoning powers , the geography giving correct views of the world , the history widening the vision of it , the astronomy unfolding God ’ s love of order and truth . We heard together the lessons in language , in ethics , in mental philosophy , and saw the students taking on strength and character , whom he had watched from grade to grade , from year to year . Not only in the theological department , where students were intent upon their calling , but in the farm work , in the industrial classes , everywhere , and on everything , was the stamp of earnest Christianity . So , through president and teachers , the highest ideals had been constantly held before the students . It was inspiration to me to meet once more the devoted teachers of the College , and the students , greedy for knowledge and willing to work for it , on the farm , in the industries , and in whatever way they could earn enough to help themselves through the year . When the time came for the “ Goodbye , ” with the hearty invitation “ come again , ” he did not know , nor I , that before a month should pass I should “ come again ” to look my farewell upon my silent friend who could no more welcome me . He had no word for me but I heard a word , “ Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord , for they rest from their labors and their works do follow them . ” Surely the works of this man of God will follow him . The slow procession on that funeral day moved out of sight , and the next day the usual College work went on , but the days for Talladega have been sad . I would that I might extend the invitation to continue and visit a score of places with schools and churches on this journey , each of which gave to me its own suggestions . There is the unique and fruitful school at Cotton Valley , with its record of transformations ; there are Selma and Tougaloo , Jackson , New Orleans , Mobile , Thomasville , Albany , Marshallville , Andersonville , Macon , Savannah , Charleston , Knoxville , Jonesboro , and others , where schools and churches , hand in hand , are saving the needy peoples . I can only say that as I visited these and other places I was constantly cheered both by the fidelity of the workers and by the efficiency of their work . The story of these workers together with God will never be fully told . In many places I found deepest poverty . The greatest luxury of the poor people is the “ schooling ” of their children . Parents will go hungry for this . Many of the children trudged along barefooted for miles when ice was on the pools by the roadside . I found , as I have before , churches and schools leavening their communities with more intelligent manhood and womanhood , with better homes , with wiser industries and economies , with stronger and truer characters . Many times I said : “ If the good people who have ordained and sustained this work until now could only see it and know it as it actually is , our distressing debt would vanish within half a year . Our Jubilee would come , and we should ’ arise and shine and give God the glory .’ ” A Home Mission Work Little Understood . Secretary Frank P. Woodbury . Those who have visited only the cities and towns of the South have not seen the black South . In the six Southern states containing what has been called the Black Belt there are four millions of negro people . Less than half a million of these live in the cities , towns , and villages , while more than three millions and a half of them dwell on the plantations of the country . Mr. Bryce in his work on America has called attention to the enormous difference between the colored churches of the cities and those of the poor negro districts , in some of which not merely have the old superstitions been retained but there has been a marked relapse into the Obeah rites and serpent worship of African heathenism . The rank superstitions , the beliefs in necromancy and witchcraft , the wild orgies of excitement , the utter divorce between the moral virtues and what is called religion , which obtain among the millions of the plantation negroes of the South , are but little understood . By one who knows it , the Black Belt has been called the great Dismal Swamp , the vast black malarial slough of the American republic . Gladstone has frequently emphasized an ancient saying , “ The corruption of the best thing is the very worst thing . ” This is emphatically true of much which has been called Christianity in the plantation churches of the South . The testimony which comes to us of the moral and religious condition of many communities in the Black Belt , is startling . One negro witness who has been in direct association for many years with ministers in this part of the South , says , “ three-fourths of those who are now acting as preachers in all this region , are absolutely unfit to preach the gospel . It is rare that one can find in the country districts where the masses of the people dwell , a minister who is both intelligent and morally upright . ” It is not long since the “ Wilderness-Worshiper ” excitement swept through a region of the South like a prairie fire . The excitement of expectancy for the immediate coming of Christ added fire to the hearts of the people . Hugh pyres of pine logs were rolled together and lit into flame as the darkness of night came on . These great fires were to light the way for the Saviour when He should come . Men rolled their bodies through the forests in a kind of pagan ecstasy of self-sacrifice to meet Him . So credulous are the negroes of the Black Belt , says a resident white lawyer , that if a fellow with a wig of long hair and a glib tongue should appear among them and say he is the Christ , inside of a week the turmoil of the Wilderness-Worship would be outdone . Now , a great awakening is beginning among these dark masses of people . Dr. Curry has well said : “ Freedom itself is educatory . The energy of representative institutions is a valuable school-master . To control one ’ s labor , to enjoy the earnings of it , to make contracts freely , to have the right of locomotion , and change of residence and business , have a helpful influence on mankind . ” Many of these people are calling for better preachers ; preachers who are earnest and virtuous men and know their Bibles . “ We used to listen , ” said a negro man at a recent meeting , “ to these whooping and hollering preachers who snort so you could hear them over three hundred yards , and we would come home and say , ’ That ’ s the greatest sermon I ever heard .’ But now we want men who can teach us something . ” “ Our preachers are not what they ought to be , ” said one woman . “ We have got too many gripsack preachers — men who go around from church to church with a gripsack , not full of sermons , but of bottles of whisky , which they sell to the members of their congregation . ” Great masses of negro people are beginning to feel that what they have called religion is not really religion at all . It must be remembered that every man or woman of these millions who has reached middle life was born a slave . The great bulk of the population have been brought up practically in the environment of a servile life . While there was much that was tender and pathetic and strong in the mute faith with which thousands of them lived through the dark trials of slavery , looking unto Christ as their deliverer , still the superstitions and degradations of slavery , its breaking of all home ties and life , could but infect the current religion of the black people . At its best , in multitudes of cases , it is but a form of physical and sensational excitement . The deep work of regenerating the soul and the life , which is the vital need of these people , is not done ; it is not even attempted in the vast majority of the negro churches of the Black Belt . “ The problem of the Kanaka in my native Hawaiian Islands , ” General Armstrong once said to me , “ is one with that of the Southern negro . The Sandwich Islander , converted , was not yet rebuilt in the forces of his manhood . ” On the side of his moral nature , where he is weakest , the black man of the South has still to be girded and energized . In him are still the tendencies of his hereditary paganism , the vices of his slavehood . These will sink him unless his whole nature is regenerated by the ministration of a pure and vital Christianity . The black man needs what every human being needs , help from above . It is futile to say , he is free , let him alone . Mere freedom never yet saved a human soul . The gospel of Christ is not a mere declaration of freedom ; it is regeneration and help from above . The more deeply a race is sinking in degradation and sin , the more imperative is its call for saving power from on high . From what element of our population is this cry of distress and need more agonizing than from the poor black man of the South ? He is sinking in a quicksand of ignorance , poverty , and vice . There is nothing beneath to support his feet . He must go down unless he can get help from above . Those who are nearest to him , and can see and feel most deeply his desperate condition , plead most strongly in his behalf . “ The definition is very clear , sharp , and simple , ” says an honored white minister of the South , “ that the negroes are making a tremendous struggle to get an education and be religious ; but despite this struggle , the bottom strata of the race are being sucked into crime and ruin with unprecedented and increasing rapidity . But , wherever the efforts of white Christians to aid them are regular , steady , and strong , this destruction and debasement are stayed to a marvelous degree . Here , then , are conditions that seem to leave no room for either neglect or delay , so far as we are concerned . Delay is sin to us , and death to them . ” Another minister of the South , whose services for the black man as well as the white man , have been those of a philanthropist , has said , “ In our extremity we look to wise and just people in the Northern states to help us , to help both races ; without Northern co ö peration things will go from bad to worse . ” Yet the old hard word is still uttered by many and thought by many more , “ The negro is free , leave him to himself . We have done enough for him in taking off his slave chains . ” Are we then to expect from him more than we do from the white element of our American populations , native or foreign ? Do we refuse them the gospel of home missions , and demand from them self-extrication from sin and its degradations ? Our churches have not yet awakened to the vastness and promise of the home mission fields which they have put in charge of the American Missionary Association . They have not yet recognized the peculiar fitness of our free-church system for the people who have so lately come into personal freedom that the very word is indescribably precious to them . This Association ought now to have not only the means for a more ample support of its educational service , but also for the broadening of its distinctive church missions . The day has come for the planting of free Congregational churches among the shadowed millions of the South . In the upbuilding of their minds and hearts , our fundamental work of Christian education has been developed into remarkable fruitage , and is steadily doing this imperative and successful service . This education has been broad enough to make intellectual and moral leaders . It has not been confined to those who can become only manual laborers . With prominent emphasis upon industrial training , as is evinced by the farms and gardens and workshops of our institutions all through the South , we have not shut the door against the higher training . The Association has never given in to what may be termed the Southern theory of negro education , its confinement to the manual handicrafts , and the rudiments of primary school instruction . Nothing is more popular in the South than the practical limitation of educational opportunities for the negro people to the lines of manual training and the reserve of all the possibilities of a higher education to the white , dominant race . A prominent Southern journalist has expressed this view in the following terms : “ A little education is all the negro needs . Let him learn the rudiments — to read , and to write , and to cipher , and be made to mix that knowledge with some useful labor . His only resource is manual labor . ” But one of the foremost colored men in the South has well said : “ There is no defence or security for any , except in the highest intelligence and development of all . If anywhere there are efforts tending to curtail the fullest growth of the negro , let these efforts be turned into stimulating , encouraging , and making him the most useful and intelligent citizen . ” The American Missionary Association , in addition to its general and industrial school training , has opened the doors of a higher education to all who seek to enter in . The fruition of this opportunity now appears at the very juncture when a call is coming from among the millions of the back country for free churches , pure churches , churches which emphasize virtue and intelligence . Our great schools are bringing to us young men and young women thoroughly fitted to go preaching and teaching among these millions . But how shall they go , except they be sent ? Talladega College , Ala . THE INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT . AGRICULTURE . Edgar A Bishop , B. S ., Superintendent . The work in the Agricultural Department the past year has been the most satisfactory of any in its history . The young men of the Junior Preparatory and Normal classes with several special students have taken the classroom work , using Gulley ’ s “ First Lessons in Agriculture ” as a textbook . Among the topics considered are the following : Origin , formation , and composition of soil . Composition of the plant . How plants feed and grow . Fertilization of the seed , and improvement of variety . Plant food in the soil and how developed . Preparing land for the crop . Cultivation of crop . Principles of drainage and irrigation . Manures and commercial fertilizers . Rotation of crops . Special diversified farming . Farm economy . Food and manure value of crops . How to propagate plants — pruning , grafting , budding , etc . Stock breeding : feeding and care ; how to select for special purposes , detect unsoundness , determine age , etc . The classroom work has been re ë nforced by practical talks and illustrations at the barns and in the field . Thirty-five boys have had employment in the department this year . Six of these have worked by the month to accumulate a credit with which to enter the day school next year , meanwhile attending our night school . The others work after school hours and on Saturdays , and are paid by the hour at varying rates . The work on the farm has been largely the production of those crops needed for consumption in the institution , the support of animals for work , beef , milk , pork , etc . The general improvement of the land and the increase in the value of the property have been kept constantly in view . Our fields are becoming more fertile , and better crops are being raised every year . An orchard of several hundred trees , consisting of pears , plums , peaches , and cherries , has been set out . Other varieties have been added , also quinces , mulberries , figs , and grapes . This year one each of the Japanese walnut , giant chestnut , and paper shell pecan are being started ; also half a dozen varieties of the raspberry , some currants , rhubarb and garden plants , with a view to propagate those that prove valuable . Twenty of the standard varieties of strawberries have been grown . Grasses and forage plants have also received their share of attention . One-half acre is being devoted to a trial of three Japanese millets in comparison with our German or golden millet . Several varieties of corn and sorghum have been grown and their characteristics carefully noted . Inquiries are often received from persons in this and other States regarding certain crops and methods of stock feeding . A creditable beginning has been made in rearing live stock , and it is our purpose to extend this branch of the work . To introduce some of the improved breeds best adapted to this section early occupied our attention , and we have met with encouragement beyond our expectation . Hundreds of pigs of good breeding have been sold all through the State to form the nucleus of better herds . Our herd of cattle is headed by a thoroughbred Jersey and contains several registered and many high-grade animals . It is increasing in quality and value each year . Besides the work already mentioned , an annual farmers ’ convention is held at the college , while meetings in some of the beats of the county have been held during the year . Much enthusiasm has been raised , and a determination evinced by many for better homes , better schools , stock , crops , etc . Widespread and systematic work along this line is planned for the ensuing year . In this way not only is the Agricultural Department striving to be a help to the people by practicing and advocating better methods of farming and living , but the College is becoming more widely and favorably known among all classes of people . Cooking . Miss Ruth K. Kingsley , Teacher . One of the most important arts , though often neglected , is that of cookery . The kitchen is so necessary a part of the boarding school and of the home that its equipment and regulations should be such as to make the work therein both easy and successful . Through the kindness of friends we have been able to purchase an excellent range and many of the improved cooking utensils now in use . Our girls enjoy working with these modern appliances , and they are taught the necessity of having appropriate places for them in the drawers and cupboards with which the room is supplied . One of the first requirements is — a tidy kitchen . We have given attention to the preparation of the dishes found on the bill of fare of the average family , and have made much of healthful and proper methods of cooking . We do not propose to make professional cooks , but we hope that our girls will acquire skill sufficient to do all that is necessary in plain and wholesome family living . The class has been stimulated in its endeavor by the fact that the product of their daily work has found its way to the dining-tables of the boarding hall . The Laundry . The building in which the laundry work is done was erected by student-labor under the supervision of the Mechanical Superintendent . The washing and ironing are performed in the main by our night-school girls , who are looking forward to attendance upon the day school from current earnings . Here also the day-school occupants of the girls ’ dormitory do their own laundering , or assist after their daily recitations in the general work of the college . Nursing . Miss A. B . Chalfant , Teacher . The course of instruction is designed to extend through two years , the first being devoted to the sick room — care of the bed ; moving and bathing the patient ; different kinds of food for the invalid , with its preparation ; making and application of poultices ; rubbing , and the administration of simple remedies . In the second year more attention is given to the symptoms and the diagnosis of disease , with something of its treatment ; and the proper course in emergencies , as in cases of burns , wounds , loss of blood , sun-strokes , drowning , and poisoning . The pupils have been chiefly from the Normal grade , though some who are outside of the college family have been glad to avail themselves of the opportunity to enter the class , and they have proved apt and faithful students . Early in the beginning of this school year the instructor offered to organize a class among the young men , and to meet them at an hour not to conflict with other studies . Six persons responded and a high degree of interest has been manifested . The value of this department is increasingly manifest , not only in the varied service rendered by the nurse teacher , but in the assistance given by pupils of both dormitories at the bedside of the sick , by mothers in the neighborhood who have been in the classes , and by the prophecy of better things for many homes where the influence of this work is felt . Printing . The college has maintained a printing office with but few interruptions since 1877 . A number of the young men were put through a course of training by one of the officers of the institution , and for some time the printing has been in the hands of those thus instructed , and with but little supervision . The department has done a large share of our job work , and during the school year has issued a monthly paper called the Talladega College Record . Sewing . Miss A. B . Chalfant , Teacher . While it is believed that all industrial training develops both mind and body , yet special attention is given to the work among the girls , that it shall be in the line of improving their future homes . With this object in view , sewing is by no means an unimportant factor . It holds an important place in the curriculum of this school . Beginning in the third grade it extends through the seventh . Over two hundred pupils have received instruction this year . In the lower classes , felling , hemming , and making of button holes are taught ; in the intermediate , cutting and making plain garments ; in the higher grade the girls cut and make dresses . Instruction is given in making garments from old clothes and also in mending — two important accomplishments in most homes . Some of the girls are able during the school year , but especially in vacation , to earn enough by their sewing to materially aid themselves in meeting their school expenses . Considerable sewing is done for the institution , such as making bedding and work aprons , hemming towels and table linen . Custom work is attempted to some extent also , and by this means sufficient income has been derived not only to keep the Department stocked with material , but also to supply it with appropriate furniture for preserving the work of the pupils and displaying the finished product . Woodworking and Drafting . George Williamson , Instructor . The best method of Industrial Education is to keep the technical idea pre ë minently in view , and to teach , first , those principles which will be of real and practical use in an industrial life or profession . It is evident that the great mass of the people must be industrial workers in some form ; and to teach them those principles of construction and drawing which govern all the mechanical trades is to give them preparation for a useful and successful life . We want to teach them how to express intelligently by means of drawing their own ideas or the ideas of others , and then to embody them in permanent and useful construction ; so that at least they may have the start and impetus toward something better than a life of blind mechanical drudgery . The extent to which we can do this is limited by our time and opportunity . At present our instruction in the Slater shop is confined to woodworking and mechanical drafting . We have a course of lessons in woodworking for the boys , of the fifth , sixth , seventh , and eighth grades , illustrating progressively the common principles of construction in wood , and designed to develop familiarity with and dexterity in the use of tools . In each lesson the student receives a blue-print to work from ; so that he learns to measure by scale , and interpret a draft . At the same time he is shown a perfect model to give him an ideal of good workmanship in the finished product . He is not allowed to use the model as a working copy , because that would counteract the influence of the drawing . The course is designed to teach progressively the common principles of good construction , each principle being repeated in different exercises so as to show its varied application . As far as possible we have a fourfold purpose in each exercise , viz . : To illustrate a principle of construction ; to develop a knowledge of tools and skill in their use ; to teach the use of working drawings and scales ; to sustain the interest of the pupil . Of course there are a number of other indirect results attained at the same time in the general development of the faculties , and the training in habits of accuracy , patient perseverance , neatness , and order . The drawing classes are designed to carry on farther the same idea of the primary importance of technical knowledge and skill . We have but one year of compulsory work for the boys of the ninth grade — which provides a thorough course in plane , geometric scale , and pattern drawing from the same text-book that is used in the government science and art schools of Great Britain . Our plan provides another year ’ s work in drawing for the purpose of teaching the principles and details of building construction , and the art of drawing plans , elevations , sections , etc . The improvement of the students in the drawing class is most marked and encouraging , and their interest well sustained . They are strongly impressed with the necessity and importance of absolute accuracy and truthfulness in their work . The classes in woodworking have about two hours per week — the first year drawing , five hours per week ; the second year two hours per week . We have but one teacher in woodworking , and our work is limited in extent , but we are trying to do one thing well and systematically , and the results are most encouraging . Revivals . Lincoln Academy , All Healing , N. C . By Rev . James Wharton . I wish to say a word about Lincoln Academy as I found it . For several weeks they had been expecting me to go and hold evangelistic services for the students , whom I was glad to meet , and , I may say , a finer and more promising set of young people I have seldom met during the past twenty years of my work in the South . They are to be the fathers and mothers of the next generation , and will be just what we make them . They were all in good condition and prepared to enter upon the work of the Lord under the leadership of the principal , Miss Cathcart , and the teachers , who are all deeply interested in the spiritual welfare of each one under their care , and time after time one and another were taken to their rooms apart and pleaded with at the throne of grace , and I need not say that their efforts were signally blessed of God , for during the past week twenty-eight students have professed faith in Christ and are now living new lives . Every one around this neighborhood speaks in the highest terms of praise of the school and the good which is being done . A lady said to me the other day it was easy to recognize “ Lincoln Academy ” students for their good behavior and their manners . What a blessing to have such faithful helpers to lead them . As a result we need not wonder that parents sometimes send spoiled and wayward children for training , while others , knowing of the good influence brought to bear upon the children , deny themselves in every possible way that they may send their sons and daughters that they may be fitted for future life in the world which they have soon to face . A GRACIOUS REVIVAL .— Rev . Mr. Wharton , writes from Atlanta , Ga .: “ The Lord has graciously blessed His work here , and the Gospel is still the power of God unto salvation . I have held services at Storrs School , Atlanta University , and the First Congregational Church , and during the last twelve days over 200 have been converted . Some of the most prominent colored citizens of this city and some of the most promising students of Storrs and also of the University have been reached and have decided for Christ , the future teachers and fathers and mothers of the next generation , who will come to the front , maybe , when we are silent in the grave . The beauty of this work is , it does not stop with the converts , but dark homes and hearts are going to be reached , superstition is going to give place to sound doctrine , and the whole country be benefited by such a revival . Parents are rejoicing on every hand over sons and daughters and also friends being converted . Truly ’ God has done great things for us whereof we are glad .’ I go next to Selma , Ala ., for Sunday . I would be thankful of your prayers for Selma . ” GOOD RESULTS OF NOON PRAYER-MEETINGS .— A teacher from Helena , Ark ., writes : “ We suggested to the Christians among our pupils that they meet in the chapel at noon recess each day for a prayer meeting , in the hope of bringing the unconverted members of our school to Christ . The suggestion was carried out by them and the blessing came abundantly . The result of these meetings has been the conversion of 25 of the 28 of our pupils who were not Christians . I have learned one lesson , that we must prepare for the outpouring of the spirit , and then expect great things . ” FROM TENNESSEE .— Home again . Shall we all meet again ? O , must some parts of the work be dropped and other parts be crippled by the debt ? This will not be so if all our members are like the little Tallmadge girl . Only five years old , lame and with suffering nerves she has earned a dollar this year by washing dishes , and gives it to our school . So a little child may teach us self-denial and devotion . God speed His work and bless our efforts . ATLANTA , GA .— “ We send you $ 1 as an offering of the Junior Society of Christian Endeavor of Storrs School . It is an offering of love and gratitude . The Little Sunshine Committee of the society were very active in gathering this . It is their second missionary effort , their first being for the Indians at Fort Berthold . ” OBITUARY . HON . SEYMOUR STRAIGHT . In the death of Mr. Straight the American Missionary Association and the colored people of the South lose a firm and helpful friend . Mr. Straight passed away on February 21 , 1896 , in the 81st year of his age . When the Association in 1869 planted a school for the higher education of the Negroes in New Orleans , La ., it found there a few persons of Northern birth , but who had long resided in that city , and were men of established character and of large influence , who took interest in the proposed institution and gave it their encouragement and support . Among these persons the Hon . Seymour Straight was most conspicuous for his deep interest in the project , for his useful service on the Board of Trustees and for his large gift at the outset — in view of all which the institution took his name . Under Gen. Sheridan ’ s laudable desire for good government in the city of New Orleans , Mr. Straight was made a member of the City Council . In 1868 he was appointed by the Chamber of Commerce as a member of a committee in regard to improvements in the cities of the State . In 1872 he was appointed a member of the International Penitentiary Congress , to assemble in London , Eng ., which appointment , however , he was unable to accept . He received other marks of the esteem in which he was held by his fellow-citizens . In 1869 , at the incorporation of the Straight University , he was appointed President of its Board of Trustees , which position he held till the time of his death . A good man has gone and his works do follow him . MISS EVELYN E. STARR . Our school at Greenwood , S. C ., mourns the loss of one of its teachers , who , though she had been but a few months in connection with the school , had endeared herself to both teachers and pupils . Miss Evelyn E. Starr departed this life February 6 , 1896 . The principal of the school writes : “ She came to the work with a sincere love for it , was intensely in earnest , and devoutly Christian . ” BUREAU OF WOMAN ’ S WORK . Miss D. E. Emerson , Secretary . COLORED WOMEN ’ S WORK . We often speak of the influence of the schools and churches of the American Missionary Association , but perhaps it is not realized how marked this is in the growth of a missionary spirit among the people . To illustrate this we call attention to reports of a few of the Women ’ s Missionary Societies among the colored people . The Woman ’ s Union of Alabama reports as having raised by its auxiliaries $ 259. 41 , and the spirit of the auxiliaries is manifested in the following items : Anniston .— A society of girls of the church , ranging in age from five to fifteen years . The object is to increase an interest in mission work . The monthly fee is one cent . We hope to be able to do much more this year than we did last . Jenifer .— The chief object with the Jenifer Union is Africa . The meetings are held twice each month . Mothers ’ meetings are held every Friday , where fervent prayers are offered for all missionaries . Then a few minutes we spend in special prayer for Misses Fearing and Thomas , and Mr. and Mrs. Sheppard , colored missionaries in Africa . Montgomery .— Our Union meets every Monday . We make articles for sale . The money obtained in this way is used in helping any good cause . We have sent five dollars to the American Missionary Association for work among the Indians . Talladega .— We study the various mission fields , home and foreign . We have a Dorcas meeting when we make and repair articles of clothing . The third meeting of the month is the Mothers ’ meeting , where prayers are offered for many households . We have expended during the year $ 13. 60 for work at home , $ 32. 44 for American Missionary Association Indian work , $ 40. 50 for foreign missions . The auxiliaries of Union of the Tennessee Association report as follows : Chattanooga .— The visiting and prayer-meeting committee have been unusually active . All classes of the sick and needy have been visited and comforted , and consolation and financial aid carried to many homes . Amount raised for the year , $ 67. 24 . Memphis .— Our Union meets monthly , and usually discusses two or three subjects on mission work . Our missionary cow is well , and its owner , Sister Rachel , furnishes good milk and butter to the sick free of charge , and will walk two miles to sell five cents ’ worth for the benefit of the Union . Amount raised during the year , $ 63. 11 . Nashville , Howard Church .— Our women are united in all lines of church , mission and industrial work . We are gradually growing in membership and enthusiasm . Our small contributions are no indication of the interest and labor shown . Amount raised for the year , $ 37. 10 . Nashville , Jackson Street Church .— Our Union numbers about twenty members . We have been blessed during the hard times in our effort to do church and mission work . Receipts for the year , $ 50. 10 . Louisville , Ky .— The outlook is bright for a steady progress in the uplifting of humanity . Amount raised for the year , $ 21 . Little Rock , Ark .— Our Society has been acting in the double capacity of church aid and missionary society . We have recently organized a Church Aid Society in order that we may give the attention of our Union to mission work proper at home and abroad . North Carolina .— The President reports a most cheering advance in interest and contributions , $ 223 having been raised by the women of the Union during the year . This was done by very poor and hard working women . While most of the money was spent for aid in their churches and to the sick and needy about them , some of it was sent to the treasury of the Missionary Board . A few words from Mrs. Ella Sheppard Moore , president of the Tennessee Association , tell the whole story . These once unhappy and largely idle women in practical Christian effort are now employed in Christ ’ s name , intelligently , radiant in the joy of His salvation . WORK AT McLEANSVILLE , N. C . MRS. S. S. SEVIER . McLeansville is not a great city like New York or Chicago , where everything seems to be in a rush , and everybody is wrapt up in business ; neither is it a great railroad center ; but merely a “ little flag-station . ” The majority of the people here , both white and colored , earn their living chiefly by farming . Even though McLeansville is a humble little place , we have a very pleasant work here , sustained mainly by the American Missionary Association . At the close of the year 1894 our church building was very small , indeed ; could not hold more than sixty or seventy persons . A “ Woman ’ s Missionary Union ” was organized last August . The first work this Union wished to do was to take steps toward enlarging our church . We accordingly planned to hold a fair to raise money for this purpose . The fair consisted mainly of clothing and fancy articles made by members of the Union . Some cloth was contributed for this purpose by Northern friends . The Union felt much encouraged over the result , which was $ 50 . This amount , with an especial tax upon the members of the church , has enabled us to make a very great improvement upon our church . It is now almost twice as large as it was at the end of last year . We feel that our year ’ s labor thus far has been greatly blessed . We also feel that our little mission is a worthy work . The people seem to fully appreciate church and educational privileges . RECEIPTS FOR FEBRUARY , 1896 . THE DANIEL HAND FUND For the Education of Colored People . Income for February $ 4 , 197. 35 Previously acknowledged 27 , 110. 00 $ 31 , 307. 35 ========== CURRENT RECEIPTS . * MAINE *, $ 292. 99 . Auburn . High St. Cong . $ 30. 00 Ch . Auburn . Bbl . C. for Andersonville , Ga. Augusta . “ A Friend ” 30. 00 Blanchard . Jacob 5. 00 Blanchard Brewer . Y. P. S. C. E . Cong . Ch ., Box Christmas Goods , for McIntosh , Ga. Bridgton . “ T ” 75. 00 Castine . Mrs. C. M. 2. 00 Cushman , for Freight , to McIntosh , Ga. Cumberland Center . 2. 00 Helping Hand Soc ., for Student Aid , McIntosh , Ga. Dennysville . Sab . Sch . 5. 00 Cong . Ch . Eliot . Cong . Ch ., Lincoln 3. 26 Mem . Day Off . Garland . Cong . Ch . and 7. 00 Soc ., 5 , and C. E . Soc ., 2 , Jubilee Off . Harrison , Cong . Ch . 2. 65 Limington . Cong . Ch . 14. 00 Machias . Center St. Cong . 4. 22 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Machias . ——, Bbl . C. for Andersonville , Ga. North Bridgton . Sab . Sch . 4. 25 Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. North Bridgton . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 North Gorham . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Wilmington , N. C. Portland . Sab . Sch . 20. 00 Second Parish , Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Portland . Williston Cong . Ch ., C. E . Soc ., Box and Bbl . Christmas Goods for Lexington , Ky. Salsbury Cove . Mrs. M. 1. 00 Rich , for McIntosh , Ga. Sanford Mills . Geo . 5. 00 Goodell , for Wilmington , N. C. Searsport . First Cong . 14. 21 Ch . Skowhegan . Island Av . 24. 32 Cong . Ch . South Berwick . Ladies of 1. 25 Cong . Ch ., for Freight to Blowing Rock , N. C. South Berwick . ——, Bbl . C. for Andersonville , Ga. South Penobscot . Bapt . 1. 00 Ch ., Bbl . C ., Freight , 1 , for McIntosh , Ga. South West Harbor . King ’ s Daughters , Bbl . C. for McIntosh , Ga. Topsham . ——, Bbl . C. for Andersonville , Ga. Westbrook . Cong . Ch . 14. 18 Westbrook . King ’ s D ., Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for McIntosh , Ga. Wilton . Sab . Sch . Cong . 11. 12 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Whitneyville . Cong . Ch ., 4. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Woodfords . L. M. S. 8. 53 ( Thank offering ) , 5 ; Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch . in part , 3. 53 Woodfords . Bbl . C. for Andersonville , Ga . RECEIVED AT SKYLAND INST ., BLOWING ROCK , N. C. Acton . Cong . Soc ., Bbl . C. Auburn . ——, Bbl . C. Harpswell Center . Cong . Soc ., Bbl C. Island Falls . Cong . Soc ., Bbl . C. Machias . Cong . Ch ., Box and Bbl . C. Skowhegan . Cong . Soc ., Bbl . C . * NEW HAMPSHIRE *, $ 1 , 715. 92 Amherst . Sab . Sch . Cong . 6. 04 Ch . Bennington . Cong . Ch ., 7. 91 3. 56 , and C. E . Soc ., 4. 35 Berlin Mills . Cong . Ch . 15. 22 Derry . Sab . Sch . First 10. 00 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Day Mem . Off . Epping . “ A Friend for the 40. 00 Debt , ” in Memory of Rev . J. H. Stearns , D. D . Epping . “ Two Friends , ” 10. 00 Cong . Ch . Exeter . First Cong . Ch . 133. 08 Francestown . M. C. . 50 Willard Gilmanton . Sab . Sch . 2. 43 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Off . Hillsboro Bridge . Sab . 2. 91 Sch . Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Jaffrey . Ladies , First 1. 50 Cong . Ch ., for Freight to Joppa , Ala. Laconia . Mrs. H. F. 3. 83 Smith , for Saluda , N. C. Manchester . First Cong . 41. 40 Ch . and Soc . Milford . Pilgrim Ch ., Jr. 1. 00 Y. P. S. C. E ., for Indian M. Milton . Cong . Ch . 7. 25 Nashua . Y. P. S. C. E. of 10. 00 First Cong . Ch . North Hampton . Cong . Ch . 22. 50 Pembroke . Sab . Sch . Cong . 14. 30 Ch . Penacook . Sab . Sch . Cong . 10. 00 Ch ., for McIntosh , Ga. Penacook . Y. P. S. C. E. 4. 00 Cong . Ch . Stratham . Cong . Ch . and 11. 75 Soc . Temple . Sab . Sch . Cong . 5. 38 Ch . Wolfborough . Cong . Ch . 4. 92 and Soc . RECEIVED AT SKYLAND INST ., BLOWING ROCK , N. C. Alstead . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. Acworth . Mrs. W. Neal , Bbl . C. Chester . Cong . Soc ., Bbl . C. Epping . First Cong . Soc ., Bbl . C. Hancock . Ladies ’ Soc ., Bbl . C . $ 365. 92 * ESTATES . * New Ipswich . Estate Dea . 50. 00 Leavitt Lincoln , by Rev . Geo . F. Merriam , Trustee Pembroke . Estate of Mrs. 1 , 000. 00 Sarah C. Fellows , by Jacob E. Chickering , Adm ’ r . Plaistow . Estate of Mary 300. 00 S. Kelly , by Louis G. Hoyt , Adm ’ r . $ 1 , 715. 92 * VERMONT *, $ 2 , 330. 21 . Berlin . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Brattleboro . Mrs. Mary L. 26. 00 Hadley Bridgeport . Mrs. Chapman , 2. 50 for Athens , Ala. Brownington . S. S. 7. 00 Tinkham Brownington . Ladies ’ 1. 50 Cong . Ch ., Freight to McIntosh , Ga. Burlington . Mrs. W. J . 15. 00 Van Patten , for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Cambridge . Madison 10. 00 Stafford Charlotte . Cong . Ch . 33. 00 East Corinth . Cong . Ch . 8. 75 Essex Junction . Oppor ’ y Circle , Bbl . C. for McIntosh , Ga. Greensboro . Sab . Sch . 1. 55 Cong . Ch . Florence . “ Friends , ” for. 87 Freight to McIntosh , Ga. Manchester . E. J. Kellogg 5. 00 Manchester . Y. P. S. C. 5. 00 E. of Cong . Ch . for Knox Inst ., Athens , Ga. Manchester . W. H. M. S ., 1. 65 for Freight to McIntosh , Ga. McIndoes Falls . Cong . Ch ., 2 . Bbls . C. for McIntosh , Ga. Morgan . Lucy Little. 50 Newbury . First Cong . Ch . 26. 30 Newbury . Mrs. Anna E. 10. 00 Keyes , Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Newport . Woman ’ s Aux ., 1. 15 Freight to McIntosh , Ga. Pawlet . A . Flower. 50 Rochester . Mrs. L. E. 5. 00 Martin , for Wilmington , N. C. Saint Johnsbury . Jr. C. E. S. North . Ch ., Box C. for McIntosh , Ga. Strafford . Cong . Ch ., 10 ; 16. 00 Sab . Sch ., 2 ; Y. P. S. C. E. ( thank off .) , for Mountain Work , 4 ; by Rev . Henry Cummings Townshend . Mrs. H. P. . 50 Holbrook Weston . Mrs. C. W. 2. 00 Sprague Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of Vt ., by Mrs. Rebecca P. Fairbanks , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : W. H. M. U . 25. 00 Barton . Children ’ s 3. 74 Mission Band , for Indian Schp . Chelsea . Ladies ’ Benev . 10. 00 Soc . East Fairfield . Jun . C. 5. 00 E ., for Indian Schp . Coventry . Busy Bees , adl . 5. 00 East Hardwich . Jun . C. 1. 75 E ., for Indian Schp . Hartland . Jr. C. E ., for 2. 00 Indian Schp . Jericho Center . Sab . Sch . . 90 Milton . W. H. M. S. 5. 00 Norwich . S. S ., for 2. 50 Indian Schp . Rutland . Jr. C. E ., for 5. 00 Indian Schp . Saint Johnsbury . Miss 2. 55 Margaret Hazen ’ s S. S. Class , for Indian Schp . Sherburne , Miss Lena A . 1. 00 Round ’ s S. S. Class , for Indian Schp . Westford . Homeland Aux . 6. 00 Westminster . Mrs. C. W. 5. 00 Thompson —— “ A Friend ” 25. 00 —— “ A Friend ” 25. 00 —— -  130. 44 $ 330. 21 * ESTATE . * West Brattleboro . Estate 2 , 000. 00 of Mrs. Elvira Stedman , by D. B. Stedman , Adm ’ r . > ———— -  $ 2 , 330. 21 * MASSACHUSETTS *, $ 8 , 145. 15 . Abington . First Cong . 5. 00 Ch ., Peter Talbot Andover . Sab . Sch . West 39. 28 Cong Ch ., for Freedmen Andover . Rev . C. C. 3. 00 Starbuck , for Student Aid , Talladega C. Amherst . Amherst College 158. 83 Ch . ( 60 of which from President M. E. Gates to const . MISS MARY L. SNELL and MISS SABRA C. SNELL L. M .’ s ) Ashfield . “ Taylor Family ” 5. 00 Athol . Ladies ’ Immanuel Ch ., Bbl . C ., Freight paid for McIntosh , Ga. Auburndale . Y. P. S. C. 20. 00 E. Cong . Ch . Ballardvale . Union Cong . 6. 14 Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E. Berkely . Cong . Ch . 27. 50 Blackstone . Cong . Ch ., 7 ; 10. 00 Y. P. S. C. E ., 2 , and Jr. Y. P. S. C. E ., 1 Blanford . Harriet M. 25. 00 Hinsdale , for Straight U. Boston . Park St . Ch ., Y . 10. 00 P. S. C. E ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Allston . Mrs. R. H. Bird , 5. 00 for Indian M. Dorchester . Second Cong . 58. 00 Ch ., Mrs. Wm . Wales , to const . MISS E. A. WALES L. M. 30 ; B. C. Hardwick , 25 ; “ A Friend , ” Lincoln Mem . Day Off ., 3 Roxbury . Mrs. S. A . 50. 00 Dwight , for Orange Park , Fla. Highland Cong . Ch . 13. 50 Highland Cong . Ch ., Extra 25. 00 Cent-a-day Band —— -  161. 50 Boxborough . “ A Friend ” 20. 00 Brockton . Olivet Mem . 16. 00 Ch ., for Wilmington , N. C. Brockton . “ Friends , ” for 2. 25 Student Aid , Fisk U. Buckland . “ Life Member ” 2. 00 Cambridgeport . Pilgrim 22. 32 Cong . Ch . Cambridgeport . Wood 3. 00 Memorial Y. P. S. C. E ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Cambridgeport . ——, Box C. for Andersonville , Ga. Campello . “ Friends , ” for 27. 00 Student Aid , Fisk U. Charlemont . Y. P. S. C. 10. 00 E ., First Cong . Ch ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Chelesa . Central Cong . 77. 15 Ch . Chester Center . Cong . 4. 51 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Chicopee . First Cong . Ch . 11. 00 Chicopee Falls . Second 31. 30 Cong . Ch . Dalton . Zenas Crane , 100 ; 200. 00 W. M. Crane , 100 , for Tougaloo U. Douglas . Sab . Sch ., 1. 55 ; 5. 00 Y. P. S. C. E ., 1. 75 ; Jr. S. C. E ., for Evarts , Ky ., 1. 70 , Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Dudley . Miss Nichols , 6. 00 for Student Aid , Meridian , Miss . Easthampton . C. E . Soc ., 6. 25 of Payson Ch . Erving . L. B . Soc ., Y. P. 6. 00 S. C. E. and King ’ s Daughters of Cong . Ch . Everett . Mrs. Andrew 4. 00 Allen , 4 ; Mrs. Geo . W. Fitz , Bbl . C ., for Enfield , N. C. Fall River . Y. P. S. C. 25. 00 E. of Central Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . Fall River . Clinton 2. 00 Remington , for Indian M. Foxboro . Primary S. S. 7. 00 Class , for Moorhead , Miss . Framingham . Plymouth 51. 21 Cong . Ch . Gill . Y. P. S. C. E ., by 20. 00 Jessie S. Moore , Sec ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Globe Village . Evang . 10. 88 Free Ch . Granville Center . Y. P. 2. 50 S. C. E. of Cong . Ch . Great Barrington . First 12. 00 Cong . Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E. Greenfield . Mrs. Dwight 12. 00 R. Tyler Greenwich . Ladies M. S ., 5. 00 Bbl . C ., Freight , 5 , for Moorhead , Miss . Hampden . Ladies ’ Soc . 1. 60 Cong . Ch ., for Freight to Greenwood , S. C. Haverhill . Algernon P. 13. 00 Nichols , 10 ; Mrs. Clark , 3 , for Indian M. Holyoke . “ The Ladies ’ 5. 00 Prayer Circle ” of Second Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Macon , Ga ., bal . to const . MRS. JOHN HALLE L. M. Hyannis . Y. P. S. C. E. 3. 00 of Cong . Ch . Hyde Park . “ Friends , ” 20. 00 for Student Aid , Talladega C. Ipswich . First Parish 11. 00 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Lawrence . Sab . Sch . 12. 00 Trinity Ch ., for Macon , Ga. Leominster . Ortho . Cong . 79. 00 Ch . Littleton . Ortho . Cong . 14. 30 Ch . Lowell . Pawtucket Cong . 2. 00 Ch . Lunenburg . E. C . Ch ., 3. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Lynn . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Wilmington , N. C. Marlboro . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 Medfield . Cong . Ch . 11. 00 Medford . Mystic Ch ., for. 50 Indian M ., Fort Yates , N. D. Melrose . Ortho . Cong . Ch . 105. 36 Melrose Highlands . Cong . 23. 03 Ch . Methuen . Mission Band , Box Christmas Gifts for Thomasville , Ga. Middleboro . Thomas P. 1. 00 Carleton , for Gospels , for Indian M. Milford . Y. P. S. C. E. 6. 15 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Mittineague . Southworth Paper Co ., Box Stationery , for Lexington , Ky. Newburyport . Powell Mission Circle , North Ch ., Bbl . C. for Enfield , N. C. Newton . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. North Amherst . ——, Bbl . C. for King ’ s Mountain , N. C. Northampton . Mrs F. A . 55. 00 Clark , 30 ; H. G. Maynard , 25 North Andover . Cong . Ch ., 17. 28 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . North Billerica . Mrs. E. 2. 00 R. Gould , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. North Middleboro . Cong . 44. 44 Ch . North Newton . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Norton . Aux . of Woman ’ s 25. 00 Board of Missions , for Indian Schp . Oxford . L. M. Band , by 1. 25 Mrs. A. E. F. Childs , for Freight to Savannah , Ga. Pittsfield . Mrs. H. A . 50. 00 Campbell , for Tougaloo U. Pittsfield . Sab . Sch . 17. 62 First Cong . Ch ., 10 ; Second Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off ’ s ., 7. 62 Plymouth . Ch . of the 31. 11 Pilgrimage Reading . Jr. C. E. Soc . 10. 00 Cong . Ch ., for Mountain Work Rockland . “ Friends , ” for 2. 00 Student Aid , Fisk U. Salem . Y. P. S. C. E. 75. 00 South Ch ., for Student Aid , Big Creek Gap , Tenn. Salem . Sab . Sch . 30. 00 Tabernacle Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . to const . HORACE M. BROWN L. M. Salem . Sab . Sch . 25. 00 Tabernacle Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Salem . Grandma Pierce , 5 , 7. 00 for Teacher ; Primary Class S. S. South Ch ., 2 , for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Salem . Miss M. T. Strout , 4. 50 for Wilmington , N. C. Sharon . Cong . Ch ., to 33. 42 const . MRS. MARY L. HIXSON L. M. Shelburne . Cong . Ch ., to 38. 50 const . HARDY DAVIS L. M. Shelburne . Ladies ’ Circle 1. 25 Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C ., Freight 1. 25 , for McIntosh , Ga. Sangus . “ A King ’ s 6. 00 Daughter , ” for Tougaloo U. Somerville . Prospect Hill 82. 49 Cong . Ch ., to const . A. H. HINES , WILLIAM BURROUGHS and W. G. HALLOCK L. M .’ s Somerville . Highland 20. 00 Cong . Ch . Southampton . Sab . Sch . 23. 48 Cong . Ch ., 22. 48 ; “ A Friend , ” 1 Southbridge . Mrs. B. U . 20. 00 Bugbee , for Student Aid , Talladega C. South Deerfield . Ladies ’ Soc . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Greenwood , S. C. South Framingham . Grace 360. 16 Cong . Ch . ( “ 100 of which to reduce the Debt ” ) South Hadley . Miss Mary 60. 00 F. Leach South Hadley Falls . Cong . 13. 11 Ch . South Weymouth . Mrs. Wm . 25. 00 Dyer , for Student Aid , A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Spencer . First Cong . Ch . 194. 22 and Soc . Spencer . S. S. Class , by 10. 25 Geo . H. Marsh , for Indian Boys Springfield . First Cong . 40. 00 Ch . Springfield . Ladies ’ M. S ., Bbl . for Moorhead , Miss . Springfield . North Ch ., Bbl . C. for Talladega C. Stoughton . “ A Friend ” 1. 00 Topsfield . Boys ’ 20. 00 Missionary Class , 10 ; Y. L. M. Circle , 10 ; for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Walpole . Sab . Sch . Second 8. 09 Ortho . Cong . Ch . Waltham . Cong . Ch ., Jr. 3. 00 C. E. Soc . Ware Center . Ladies ’ Cong . Ch ., Bbl . Papers , Freight pd . for McIntosh , Ga. Warren . Y. P. S. C. E ., 4. 00 for Student Aid , McIntosh , Ga. Wendell . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 West Boxford . Cong . Ch . Aid Soc ., 20 Bibles for Lexington , Ky. West Groton . Evan . 30. 00 Christian Union Ch ., for Mountain Work , and to const . CLIFFORD E. BIXBY L. M. West Hatfield . Ladies ’ Aid Soc ., Bbl . C. for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. West Hawley . Cong . Ch . 5. 20 Westminster . —— 5. 00 West Newburyport . Rev . H. 1. 00 V. Moses , for Straight U . West Springfield . First 22. 25 Cong . Ch ., Jubilee Off . Williamsburg . Cong . Ch . 40. 00 Williamsburg . Mrs. O. P. 5. 00 Spellman , for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Worcester . Summer St. 142. 23 Cong . Ch ., 60 , to const . EDWARD L. SMITH and ARTHUR WHIPPLE L. M .’ s ; Sab . Sch . Plym . Ch ., 47. 26 ; ——, 30 to const . REV . RUFUS TAFT L. M .; Mrs. Sarah K. Goddard , 5 Woman ’ s Home Missionary Association of Mass . and R. I ., Miss Annie C. Bridgman , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : W. H. M. A ., for 340. 00 Salaries of Teachers $ 3 , 344. 41 * ESTATES . * Andover . Estate of Calvin 2 , 329. 19 E. Goodell , by S. H. Boutwell , Executor Pittsfield . Estate of 1 , 228. 36 Mrs. Hannah M. Hurd , by James A. Burbank , Executor Walpole . Estate of Mrs. 1 , 243. 19 Mary B. Johnson , by Frederic Gould , Executor $ 8 , 145. 15 CLOTHING , BOOKS , ETC ., RECEIVED AT BOSTON OFFICE . Gray , Me . Rev . H. O. Thayer , Bbl . and Box C. for Saluda , N. C. South Berwick , Me . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Jaffrey , N. H. Ladies ’ First Cong . Ch ., Box C. for Joppa , Ala. Ashfield , Mass . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Marshallville , Ga . * RHODE ISLAND *, $ 57. 59 . Little Compton . United 23. 29 Cong . Ch . ( 18. 09 of which for Freedmen ) Providence . Central Cong . 15. 00 Ch ., 9. 70 , for Indian M ., Fort Yates , N. D .; Edward Moore , 5. 30 , for Indian M. Providence . Elmwood 3. 65 Temple , Y. P. S. C. E ., 2 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., North Ch ., 1. 65 Providence . Ladies ’ Circle Plymouth Ch ., Bbl . C ., etc ., for Knoxville , Tenn. River Point . Cong . Ch ., 10. 65 for Student Aid , Grand View , Tenn. Thornton . Sab . Sch . Cong . 5. 00 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . * CONNECTICUT *, $ 9 , 683. 74 . Ashford . “ A Friend ” 5. 00 Bethlehem . Cong . Ch . L. B . Soc ., Bbl . C. for Thomasville , Ga. Bridgeport . Ladies ’ Soc ., Bbl . C. for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Bristol . Lena J. Upson , 40. 00 for Tougaloo U. Chester . Cong . Ch . 16. 80 Clinton . Cong . Ch . 5. 91 Cromwell . Cong . Ch . 91. 80 Danbury . “ Little 3. 00 Workers , ” for Central Church , New Orleans , La . Darien . Sab . Sch . Cong . 6. 46 Ch ., for Mountain Work Deep River . Cong . Ch . 16. 02 East Hampton . Mrs. S. 30. 00 Skinner and Others , for Theo . Dept . Talladega C. East Hartford . Alice 2. 07 Worth ’ s S. S. Class , for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . East Windsor Hill . 3. 00 “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Fisk U . Falls Village . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Farmington . First Cong . 155. 50 Ch . Farmington . Y. P. S. C. 16. 61 E ., Jubilee Off ., by Miss Mary J. Hart Glastonbury . J . B . 100. 00 Williams , for Touglaloo U. Goshen . Elisabeth Wadhams 5. 00 Guilford . Cong . Ch . and C. E . Soc ., one and one-half Bbls . C. and Table Linen for Storrs Sch ., Atlanta , Ga. Hadlyme . J. W. 60. 00 Hungerford , 50 ; R. E . Hungerford , 10 Hartford . Second Ch . of 150. 00 Christ , 100 ; Asylum Hill Cong . Ch ., “ A Friend , ” 50 Hartford . Ladies ’ B . Class , Bbl . C. for Wilmington , N. C. Hebron . Y. P. S. C. E. of 17. 00 Cong . Ch . Hebron . Y. P. S. C. E. by 5. 00 Mrs. G. A . Little , for Grand View , Tenn. Hebron . Cong . Ch ., L. B . Soc ., Bbl . C. for Thomasville , Ga. Ivoryton . Mrs. E. A . 100. 00 Northrop , for Tougaloo U. Kent . Y. P. S. C. E ., Cong . 8. 40 Ch . Killingly . Y. P. S. C. E ., by 9. 00 Miss Maud W. Deverell , for Tougaloo U. Lebanon . First Cong . 81. 48 Ch ., to const . CHAS . A. PERKINS L. M ., 56. 48 ; “ A Friend , ” 25 Ledyard . Mrs. Anna 0. 30 Gallup , for Freight to McIntosh , Ga. Ledyard . Y. P. S. C. E ., 10. 00 Cong . Ch ., for C. E. Hall , McIntosh , Ga. Litchfield . First Cong . 40. 36 Ch . Madison . Miss E. T. Nash , Bbl . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Meriden . Mrs. M. P. 0. 50 Bradley Meriden . First Cong . Ch ., 5. 00 “ I. H. N ., ” for Mountain Work Milford . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Wilmington , N. C. New Britain . South Ch ., Box C. for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. New Haven . C. E . Soc ., 25. 00 Ch . of the Redeemer , for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . New Haven . Sab . Sch . 17. 50 Center Ch ., for Schp ., Santee Indian Sch ., Neb . New Haven . Mr. and Mrs. 12. 00 W. B. Johnson , 8. 10 ; Mrs. E. Banton , Col , 3 ; Mrs. E. Gates , 90c ., for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. New Preston . “ E. C. W ., ” 2. 00 for Allen Normal Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Norfolk . “ A Friend ” 5. 00 North Branford . Sab . Sch . 15. 00 and Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Norwalk . First Cong . Ch . 23. 70 Norwich . First Cong . Ch . 69. 77 Norwich . Miss Rossiter , 4. 50 for Athens , Ala. Norwich . Miss Barbara 4. 00 McDowell ’ s S. S. Class , adl ., for McIntosh , Ga. Norwichtown . Miss Mary 2. 00 Perkins , for Student Aid , McIntosh , Ga. Orange . S. S. Classes of 5. 00 Mrs. C. H. Russell and Miss Sperry , Cong . Ch ., for A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Pomfret . Cong . Ch . 35. 85 Putnam . Hattie E. Clark ’ s 4. 00 S. S. Class , for Student Aid , A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Salisbury . Mrs. Burrall ’ s 3. 00 S. S. Class , for Grand View , Tenn. Saybrook . Cong . Ch . and 14. 10 Soc . Simsbury . Y. P. S. C. E ., by 7. 00 Caroline F. Pattison Simsbury . Y. P. S. C. E ., 7. 00 Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. South Canaan . Cong . Ch . 8. 35 South Glastonbury . Cong . 6. 89 Ch . and Sab . Sch . South Manchester . Sab . 10. 78 Sch . Cong . Ch . South Norwalk . Sab . Sch . 20. 00 Cong . Ch . South Windsor . First 23. 48 Cong . Ch . Sound Beach . Jr. C. E. 6. 77 Soc ., Pilgrim Ch ., 3. 40 ; C. E . Soc ., Pilgrim Ch ., 3. 37 Stamford . Y. P. S. C. E . of 55. 56 First Cong . Ch . Stamford . Cong . 5. 00 Y. P. S. C. E . for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Stratford . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Y. P. S. C. E . Talcottville . Mrs. S. A . 6. 00 Talcott , for Student Aid , A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Terryville . Heirs of R. 45. 38 D. H. Allen , by Charles I. Allen , Executor , for the Freedmen Terryville . Mrs. Lois 10. 00 Gridley Thomaston . First Cong . 9. 90 Ch . Thompson . Cong . Soc ., 2 Bbls . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Torrington . Sab . Sch . 25. 00 Third Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U. Torrington . Mrs. Ida E. 11. 00 F. Burr , 10 ; Mrs. Lyon , 1 ; for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Trumbull . Cong . Ch . and 10. 07 Soc . Waterbury . “ A Friend ” . 100. 00 Westminster . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Weston . Norfield 5. 00 Y. P. S. C. E ., by Anna E. Fitch , Sec . West Torrington . W. M. 5. 60 Circle , by H. M. Hayes , Treas . Westville . The Misses 4. 00 Ogden , for Wilmington , N. C. West Winsted . Geo . M. 5. 00 Carrington Wilton . Cong . Ch . 17. 41 Windsor . First Cong . Ch ., 38. 42 28 , and Sab . Sch ., 10. 42 Winthrop . Mrs M. A. Jones 5. 00 ——. “ A Friend in Conn . ” 100. 00 Woman ’ s Cong . Home Missionary Union of Conn ., Mrs. W. W. Jacobs , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Cheshire . Aux . 25. 00 Norwich . Greensville Ch ., 10. 00 L. H. M. S ., for Student Aid , Dorchester Acad . Trumbull . W. H. M. U . 25. 00 Wallingford . L. B. S. 50. 00 —— 110. 00 $ 1 , 900. 24 * ESTATES . * Hebron . Estate of 500. 00 Benjamin A. Bissell , by J. Henry Jagger , Executor New Britain . Estates of 7 , 283. 50 Sophia and and Cordelia Stanley $ 9 , 683. 74 * NEW YORK *, $ 1 , 507. 49 . Albany . Miss A . Van 1. 00 Vranken , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Aquebogue . Class of Boys , 1. 25 for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Ashville . Y. P. S. C. E . of 2. 00 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Bethel . Cong . Ch . 3. 86 Brooklyn . Rev . A. F. 20. 00 Beard , D. D ., for Theo . Dept . Talladega C. Brooklyn . Rev . S. B . 39. 14 Halliday , 20 ; Park Cong . Ch ., 15. 83 ; Rochester Av . Cong . Ch ., 3. 31 Brooklyn . Primary Class 4. 00 Bethany S. S ., for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. Brooklyn . Y. P. S. C. E ., Park Av . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Buffalo . Pilgrim Cong . 14. 00 Ch . Buffalo . Int . C. E. S. Del . Av . Bapt . Ch ., Box C. For McIntosh , Ga. Camden . L. H. M. S. of Cong . Ch ., 2 large Boxes C. for Hillsboro , N. C. Candor . Cong . Ch . 6. 25 Canandaigua . Mrs. Fitch , 0. 50 for Student Aid , King ’ s Mountain , N. C. Clayville . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Clifton Springs . Miss 5. 00 Tappan Corona . Y. P. S. C. E ., by 1. 25 Mrs. Wm . J. Peck , Box Toys , C ., etc . ; 1. 25 for Freight , also 2 S. S. Rolls for Beach Inst ., Savannah , Ga. De Kalb . Rev . R. C. Day 2. 00 Fairport . Sab . Sch . Cong . 10. 50 Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Flushing . First Cong . 41. 03 Soc . Hamilton . Cong . Ch . 19. 00 Hancock . Cong . Ch . 3. 50 Harpersfield . Sab . Sch . 1. 01 Cong . Ch . Hopkinton . Cong . Ch ., 40 64. 72 for Mountain Work ; 10 for Indian M .; 9. 72 for Alaska M .; 5 for Chinese M ., and to const . MRS. JOHN HARRON and MISS A . POST L. M .’ s Lisle . Cong . Ch . 3. 42 Maine . Cong . Ch ., Member 21. 00 Mount Hope . Christ Cong . 5. 50 Ch . Mount Morris . Soc . Christian Workers , Presb . Ch ., Bbl . for Moorhead , Miss . Mount Vernon . First Cong . 17. 31 Ch . New Lots . V. P. M . Soc ., 25. 00 for Williamsburg Acad ., Ky. New York . The Virginia 45. 00 Lend-a-Hand Club , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. New York . Mrs. A . B . 30. 00 Woodford , for Student Aid , Fisk U . New York . “ A Friend , ” 6. 00 for Student Aid , Beach Inst ., Savannah , Ga. Orwell . Cong . Ch ., 2. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Oswego Falls . First Cong . 6. 12 Ch . Owego . Sab . Sch . Cong . 5. 00 Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Owego . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Paris . Cong . Ch . 7. 62 Portland . Young Ladies , Bbl . C ., for King ’ s Mountain , N. C. Randolph . Cong . Ch . 7. 86 Remson . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Rensselaer Falls . Sab . 2. 50 Sch . Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Off . Rochester . Plymouth Cong . 29. 75 Ch . Rochester . South Cong . 9. 00 Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Rushville . Rev . F. T. Hoover , Bbl . Potatoes for Greenwood , S. C. Salamanca . Cong . Ch . 4. 57 Saratoga Springs . G. F. Harvey , Box C. for Talladega C. Sayville . Sab . Sch . Cong . 16. 58 Ch ., 14. 58 ; Cong Ch ., adl . 2 Smyrna . Y. P. S. C. E. 5. 00 Spencerport . ——, Bbl . Bedding for Meridian , Miss . Syracuse . Plymouth Cong . 18. 20 Ch . Syracuse . Jr. Y. P. S. C. 5. 00 E ., Danforth Cong . Ch . for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Troy . S. Tappin , for 1. 00 Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Walton . First Cong . Ch . 74. 57 West Brook . Sab . Sch . 3. 55 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Westfield . Miss S. S. 10. 00 Patterson , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Westfield . Sab . Sch . 1. 50 Presb . Ch ., for Tougaloo U . West Winfield . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Woodhaven . Mrs. Wheat ’ s 2. 00 S. S. Class , for Saluda , N. C. Woodside . Y. P. S. C. E ., 5. 00 by Fannie Jones , Sec . Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of N. Y ., by Mrs. J. J. Pearsall , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Brooklyn . Tompkins Av . 3. 50 Cong . Ch ., S. S. Class G , for Student Aid , Lincoln Acad . Middletown . First Ch ., 20. 00 Ladies Guild Newark Valley . “ M. S ., ” 10. 00 for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . New York . Broadway 276. 00 Tabernacle Soc ., for Women ’ s Work Poughkeepsie . L. H. M. S. 15. 00 Poughkeepsie . C. E. 10. 00 ——— 334. 50 $ 965. 56 * ESTATES . * Lewiston . Estate of 500. 00 Abigail Peck , by George E. Wilcox , Executor New York . Estate of J . 41. 93 F. Delaplaine $ 1 , 507. 49 * NEW JERSEY *, $ 1 , 068. 20 . East Orange . First Cong . 67. 00 Ch . Freehold . Dr. J. S. Long , 10. 00 for Indian M. Glen Ridge . Cong . Ch . ( 10 179. 22 of which for Grand View , Tenn .) Jersey City Heights . Mrs. 5. 00 Henry O. Ames Montclair . L. M . Soc ., by 1. 00 Mrs. J. L. Snyder Montclair . Cong . Ch ., Lot of Bedding for Talladega C. Morristown . Monroe Miss . Soc ., Bbl . C. and Literature for Savannah , Ga. Newark . Belleville Cong . 192. 00 Ch . ( 30 of which from Mrs. E. P. Denison ) , 142 ; C. S. Haines , 50 Plainfield . J . A . 12. 00 Robinson , 10 ; Miss A. E. Manktilow , 2 , for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Westfield . Ladies ’ Soc ., Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Greenwood , S. C. Woodbridge . Y. P. S. C. 10. 00 E ., First Cong . Ch ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of the N. J . Ass ’ n ., by Mrs. J. H. Denison , Treas . : Bound Brook , N. J. Cong . 10. 00 Ch ., W. H. M. S. Philadelphia , Penn . 6. 00 Central Cong . Ch ., W. H. M. S. Washington , D. C. First 25. 00 Cong . Ch . —— -  41. 00 $ 517. 22 * ESTATES . * Englewood . Estate of 467. 48 Rev . Geo . B. Cheever , D. D ., by Rev . Henry T. Cheever , Executor Hammonton . Estate of 83. 50 Albert D. Whitmore , by Mrs. E. L. Whitmore $ 1 , 068. 20 * PENNSYLVANIA *, $ 214. 50 . Chester . Mrs. T. I . 5. 00 Leiper , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Germantown . Mrs. B. R. 16. 00 Smith , 6 ; Mrs. E. B. Stork , 5 ; Rev . Chas . Wood , D. D ., 5 , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. New Wilmington . Faulkner 5. 00 Sch ., for Lexington , Ky. New Wilmington . Neshannock Presb . Ch ., 3 Bbls . and 1 Box C. and Christmas Gifts for Lexington , Ky. Ogontz School . 2 Boxes C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Philadelphia . John H. 100. 00 Converse , for Straight U. Philadelphia . Mrs. W. H. 33. 00 Kemble , 15 ; Mrs. E. H. Farnum , 5 ; G. J. Simmons , 5 ; H. A . Chase , 5 ; D. W. Hunt , 2 ; Col. John McKee , 1 , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Scranton . Plymouth Cong . 25. 00 Ch . Waring . M. T. Donaldson 5. 00 West Philadelphia . Mrs. 20. 00 Rebecca White , for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. ——. Miss E. Scott , for 0. 50 Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Woman ’ s Missionary Union , of Penn ., Mrs. T. W. Jones , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Guy ’ s Mills . W. M. S ., 5. 00 for Straight U . * OHIO *, $ 339. 90 . Akron . Sab . Sch . West 15. 00 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Off . Akron . First Cong . Ch ., 11. 75 adl . Aurora . Sab . Sch . Cong . 2. 00 Ch . Austinburg . Ladies ’ Soc ., Bbl . C. for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Burton . First Cong . Ch ., 40. 00 to const . REV . E. O. MEAD L. M. Claridon . Sab . Sch Cong . 10. 00 Ch ., by P. C. Spencer , Treas . Cleveland . “ A Friend , ” 32. 66 25 ; Lakewood Cong . Ch ., 7. 66 Cleveland . Mrs. Mary F. 5. 00 Willard , for Freedmen and Indian M. Cleveland . L. S. U ., 5. 00 Archwood Av . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. Creston . W. H. M. S ., Jackson Presb . Ch ., Bbl . C. for McIntosh , Ga. Eagleville . Y. P. S. C. 2. 51 E ., by Mrs. F. G. Peck , Chm . Fort Recovery . Cong . Ch ., 3. 50 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Kent . Mrs. S. O . 2. 25 Hathaway , S. S. Class of Boys , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Marion . Mrs. Mary B . 1. 25 Vose , for Wilmington , N. C. Medina . First Cong . Ch ., 30. 57 Jubilee Off . to const . REV . W. G. OLINGER L. M. Oberlin . Miss Calista 20. 00 Andrews , for Student Aid , Fisk U. Oberlin . Sab . Sch . First 20. 00 Ch ., 10 ; Mrs. E. B. Clark , 10 Oberlin . Mrs. A . B. Reed , 5. 00 for Student Aid , McIntosh , Ga. Oberlin . Percy Pond , for 1. 00 Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Oberlin . Second Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Wilmington , N. C. Painesville . “ Friends , ” 8. 00 for Straight U. Painesville . “ Friends , ” 3. 00 for Macon , Ga. Painesville . W. H. 1. 00 Stocking Perrysburg . S. P. Tolman 20. 00 Pittsfield . Cong . Ch . and 12. 00 Sab . Sch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Ravenna . C. A. Newton 5. 00 Richfield . Ladies ’ Soc . Cong . Ch ., Bbl . C. for Greenwood S. C. Rootstown . Miss Fanny 5. 30 Parson ’ s S. S. Class , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Senecaville . Rev . Evans 1. 00 Thompson South Salem . Daniel S. 5. 00 Pricer Springfield . First Cong . 7. 42 Sab . Sch ., 7. 32 ; First Cong . Ch ., bal . for Campton , Ky ., 10 cts Toledo . Birmingham Cong . 2. 05 Sab . Sch . West Mill Grove . Sab . 10. 14 Sch . First Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Willoughby . Miss Jennie Sharpe , 3 Pkgs . S. S. Papers for Lexington , Ky. Zanesville . Sab . Sch . Second St. M. E . Ch ., 50 Gospel Hymns for Mobile , Ala. Ohio Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Mrs. George B . Brown , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Andover . W. M. S. 3. 79 Andover . J. C. E. 2. 21 Chatham Center 6. 00 Cleveland . Euclid , W. H. 2. 00 M. S. Columbus . Eastwood , “ A 25. 00 Friend ” Edinburg . 1. 50 Sandusky . W. M. U . 10. 00 Toledo . Second . 2. 00 —— -  52. 50 * INDIANA *, $ 51. 47 . Brimfield . Miss Mary 3. 00 Huston , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Elkhart . Cong . Ch ., 6. 85 ; 16. 85 Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., 10 ; Lincoln Day Mem . Off . Fort Wayne . Y. P. S. C. 9. 77 E. of Plymouth Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Liber . Cong . Ch ., Lincoln 2. 33 Mem . Day Off . Michigan City . First 16. 00 Cong . Ch . Terre Haute . Sab . Sch . 3. 52 First Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . * ILLINOIS *, $ 794. 77 . Brimfield . Cong . Ch . 8. 50 Cambridge . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Chapin . Mission Band , Quilt , Patchwork , Scrap Books , for Moorhead , Miss . Chicago . “ Cash , ” 100 ; 130. 75 Leavitt St. Cong . Ch ., 8. 87 ; Pacific Ch ., 8. 07 ; “ A Widow , ” 5 ; Tabernacle C. E ., 4. 81 ; Mrs. Carrol Cutler , 2 ; Miss Susan R. Cutler , 2 Cobden . Sab . Sch . Class , 0. 67 Cong . Ch ., by May Wright , Teacher Concord , “ A Few Friends , ” 5. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Earlville . “ J . A. D ., ” 38. 40 25 ; Cong . Ch ., 13. 40 Elmhurst . Bbl . for Moorhead , Miss . Galena . Mrs. A. Bean 2. 50 Highland . Cong . Ch . 4. 90 Hinesdale . Cong . Bible 75. 00 Sch ., for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega . C. Jacksonville . Cong . Ch ., 37. 45 for Student Aid , Talladega . C. La Salle . E. C. Hegeler , 10. 00 for Tougaloo U. Lincoln . Miss Ellen E. 1. 00 Robbins Morrison . William Wallace 10. 00 Oak Park . Cong . Ch ., adl . 3. 00 Oak Park . L. B. S ., Bbl . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Peoria . Mrs. John L. 100. 00 Griswold , for Student Aid , Fisk U. Peoria . Plymouth C. E. 3. 62 Peru . First Cong . Ch ., 16. 51 11. 51 ; Y. P. S. C. E. of First Cong . Ch ., 5 Princeton . Mrs. S. C. 30. 00 Clapp Plymouth . Cong . Ch . 5. 04 Providence . Cong . Ch . 25. 00 Shabbona . Cong . Ch . 31. 50 Sheffield . Cong . Ch . 54. 71 Thawville . Cong . Ch . 4. 38 ——. Bbl . Comforts , etc ., for Moorhead , Miss . Illinois Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Mrs. L. A . Field , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Avon . W. M. S. 1. 00 Chicago . Union Park W. M. 100. 00 S. Chicago . Covenant W. M. 13. 40 S. Chicago . Lincoln Park W. 6. 00 M. S. Chicago . Mrs. J. W. 2. 00 Willard Godfrey . W. M. S. 10. 00 Griggsville . W. M. S. 1. 00 Jacksonville . Y. L. M. S. 23. 50 Joy Prairie . W. M. S. 10. 00 McLean . W. M. S. 10. 00 Ravenswood . W. M. S. 10. 12 Marseilles . W. M. S. for 5. 00 Moorhead , Miss . Rollo . Mission Band , for 0. 82 Moorhead , Miss . —— -  192. 84 * MICHIGAN *, $ 342. 91 . Almont . Cong . Ch ., 2. 83 ; 7. 98 Y. P. S. C. E ., 5. 15 , by Sarah Durham , Treas . Almont . ——, Box Christmas Goods for Lexington , Ky. Baldwin . Sab . Sch . Cong . 2. 50 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Benton Harbor . “ A Friend ” 2. 00 Benton Harbor . Ladies ’ Cong . Ch ., Bdl . Quilts for Moorhead , Miss . Benzonia . Jr. C. E . Soc ., Box Christmas Goods for Lexington , Ky. Breckenridge . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Charlotte . ——, Box C. for Athens , Ala. Chief Lake . Mrs. S. A . B . 1. 00 Carrier Detroit . Fort St. Cong . 2. 75 Ch . Y. P. S. C. E ., Box Toys , etc ., and 2. 75 , for Medicines for Greenwood , S. C. Detroit . Little Dorothy 2. 00 Conant Carson , by Mrs. Sam ’ l Carson Detroit . ——, Bbl . Christmas Goods for Athens , Ala .; Miss Mallory , Bbl . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C .; Ladies ’ Soc ., Brewster Ch ., Bbl . C. for Greenwood , S. C. Eaton Rapids . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., Box S. S. Papers , for Lexington , Ky. Ewen . First Cong . Ch . 4. 17 Grand Rapids . Cong . Ch . 25. 00 Grand Rapids . Smith Mem . Ch ., Bbl . for Moorhead , Miss . Leslie . Sab . Sch . First 2. 50 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Lowell . ——, Bbl . C. for Athens , Ala. Luddington . Willie Hammond , Cards for Athens , Ala. Muskegon . ——, Bbl . C. for Athens , Ala. Pontiac . L. H. M. U ., 2 Bbls . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Republic . Miss Mary Erwin 20. 00 Rondo . Y. P. S. C. E ., by 0. 69 Mrs. C. H. Hoffman , Lincoln Mem . Off . Saginaw . Mrs. A. M. 4. 00 Spencer Wheatland . Cong . Ch . 19. 00 Wyandotte . Dr. Weaver , Box C. for Athens , Ala. Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union of Michigan , by Mrs. E. F. Grabill , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Alpena . W. H. M. S. 5. 00 Athens . Ladies ’ Dime Soc . 0. 25 Churche ’ s Corners . W. H. 3. 50 M. U. Detroit . First Ch . Sab . 47. 27 Sch ., for Student Aid , Santee Indian Sch ., Neb ., 23. 04 , and for Student Aid , Pleasant Hill Acad ., Tenn ., 24. 23 Grand Rapids . Smith 1. 00 Memorial Ch ., W. M. S. Grape . W. H. M. S. 0. 25 Grass Lake . W. H. M. S. 3. 00 Greenville . S. S ., for 9. 05 Student Aid , Santee Indian Sch ., Neb . Highland Station . W. H. 3. 00 M. U. Kalamazoo . Y. P. S. C. 2. 50 E ., for Student Aid , Santee Indian Sch ., Neb . Muskegon . First Ch ., W. 15. 00 H. M. S ., 5 ; First Ch ., Y. P. S. C. E ., 10 Stockbridge . Mrs. E. W. 5. 00 Woodward , for Student Aid , Santee Indian Sch ., Neb . Ypsilanti . W. H. M. S. 2. 50 —— -  97. 32 $ 192. 91 * ESTATE . * Benzonia . Estate of Amasa 150. 00 Waters , by L. P. Judson , Adm ’ r . $ 342. 91 * IOWA *, $ 263. 45 . Albia . Mrs. Mary A. Payne 5. 00 Avoca . Rev . John Single 2. 50 Bellevue . Cong . Ch . 4. 35 Belmond . Y. P. S. C. E. 5. 00 of Cong . Ch ., for A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Belmond . Miss Linck , S. S. Class , Box Christmas Gifts for Thomasville , Ga. Cedar Rapids . Y. P. S. C. 5. 00 E. First Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , McIntosh , Ga. Corning . First Cong . Ch ., 17. 00 14 ; C. E ., 2 ; Sab . Sch ., 1 Cresco . Y. P. S. C. E ., 8. 00 for Wilmington , N. C. Decorah . S. S. Class , E. 5. 00 J. Riley , Teacher , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Des Moines . Bentley & 10. 00 Olmstead , for Talladega C. De Witt . Y. L. S. Class , 5. 00 for Mountain Work Eldora . Cong . Ch . ( 37. 50 42. 75 for Student Aid , Tougaloo U .) Glenwood . Cong . Ch . 16. 00 Grand View . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Monticello . Y. P. S. C. 5. 00 E. of Cong . Ch . Montour . Jr. C. E . Soc ., 1. 50 for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Mortimer . Jr. C. E . Soc ., Quilt and Roll Material for Sewing Sch ., Beach Inst . Moville . Cong . Ch . 4. 04 Nashua . C. E . Soc ., Cong . 15. 00 Ch . for Student Aid , Talladega C. Pilgrim . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Postville . Sab . Sch . 18. 30 Cong . Ch ., Self-Denial Off ., for A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Rockford . Mrs. J . B. Parmenter , Bbl . C. for Thomasville , Ga. Waterloo . Mr. and Mrs. 10. 00 Emmons Johnson , for Talladega C. Waucoma . Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Iowa Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Miss Belle L. Bentley , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Creston . L. H. M. Circle 6. 00 Decorah . Y. P. S. C. E. 5. 00 Des Moines . North Park L. 10. 00 M. S. Fairfield . L. M. S. 0. 50 Fort Dodge . L. M. S. 10. 00 Genoa Bluffs . L. M. S. 2. 00 McGregor . W. M. S. 8. 90 Newell . L. M. S. 5. 00 Red Oak . L. M. S. 15. 00 Tabor . Y. P. S. C. E. 1. 33 —— -  63. 73 $ 257. 17 * ESTATE . * Fontanelle . Estate of 6. 28 Alex . M. Gow $ 263. 45 * WISCONSIN *, $ 10 , 391. 07 . Edgerton . Sab . Sch . Cong . 1. 60 Ch . Elkhorn . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Koshkonong . Cong . Ch . 7. 25 Madison . Ladies ’ Home Miss ’ y Soc ., Box Furnishings for Home , Mobile , Ala. Menasha . Jr. C. E ., for 1. 00 Skyland Inst ., Blowing Rock , N. C. Menomonie . Mrs. V. A . 100. 00 Knapp Milwaukee . North Side 4. 00 Cong . Ch . Oakland . S. S. Class , by 0. 50 Mrs. L. S. N. Allen , Teacher , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Peshtigo . Rev . E. W. 15. 62 Andrews , 5 ; Ethel D. Andrews ( thank offering ) , 5 ; Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off ., 5. 62 Ripon . First Cong . Ch . 63. 00 Spring Prairie . Mrs. 1. 00 James Brierly Sun Prairie . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Viroqua . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 Waukesha . Cong . Ch . 30. 00 Whitewater . Cong . Ch ., 2 B. of C. for Thomasville , Ga. Wisconsin Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , Mrs. C. M. Blackman , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Beloit . First W. M. U . 10. 10 Brandon . W. M. S. 5. 00 Elkhorn . W. M. U ., 25 ; 30. 00 Miny Hand , 5 Madison . W. M. U . 30. 00 Milwaukee . Grand Ave ., W. 25. 00 M. U. Milwaukee . Pilgrim , W. M. 18. 00 S. Milwaukee . Hanover St ., 10. 00 W. M. S. Wauwatosa . W. M. U . 7. 00 —— -  135. 10 $ 391. 07 * ESTATE . * Trust Estate , by Trustee 10 , 000. 00 $ 10 , 391. 07 * MINNESOTA *, $ 226. 65 . Audubon . Cong . Ch . 1. 50 Beaver Creek . Jr. C. E ., Box C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Glyndon . Ch . at Glyndon , 6. 18 for Alaska M. Hawley . Union Ch . 3. 50 Kasson . Mrs. J. G. Van Frank , Bbl . C. for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. Lake Park . Cong . Ch . 6. 50 Lake Stay . Ethel Chase 1. 00 and Alma Nelson , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Litchfield . Miss M. 5. 00 Weeks , 5 ; ——, Bbl . C ., for Student Aid , Meridian , Miss . Minneapolis . Sab . Sch . of 12. 50 Pilgrim Cong . Ch ., bal . to const . MISS NETTIE M. GETCHELL L. M. Minneapolis . “ A Friend , ” 0. 50 for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Minneapolis . Primary S. 1. 00 S. Park Av . Ch ., for Marion , Ala. Minneapolis . Plymouth Ch . H. M. S ., Box C. and Bedding for King ’ s Mountain , N. C. New York Mills . Cong . Ch . 1. 37 Northfield . Sab . Sch . 42. 02 Cong . Ch ., for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega C. Northfield . ——, Box Pictures for Skyland Inst ., Blowing Rock , N. C. Rochester . Cong . Ch . 26. 45 Saint Cloud . Cong . Ch . L. M. S ., Bbl . C. for Blowing Rock , N. C. Wadena . Cong . Ch . Y. L. 11. 00 M. Band , for A. N. and I . Sch ., Thomasville , Ga. Minnesota Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. M. W. Skinner , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Austin . 7. 60 Benson . S. S. 0. 80 Elk River . 3. 36 Elk River . Meadow Vale 2. 00 Excelsior . 3. 38 Lake City . C. E. Soc . 10. 00 Minneapolis . Plymouth , 52. 74 15. 96 ; Park Av ., 15 ; Lyndale S. S ., 10. 51 ; First , 3. 27 ; “ A Friend , ” 8 Northfield . ——, for 10. 00 Student Aid , Talladega C. Robbinsdale . Jr. C. E. 4. 75 Soc . Saint Paul . Bethany , 3. 50 2. 50 ; South Park , 1 Saint Paul . Plymouth C. 25. 00 E. S ., for Central Ch ., New Orleans , La . $ 123. 13 Less expenses 15. 00 —— -  108. 13 * MISSOURI *, $ 18. 88 . Ironton . Jesse Markham 1. 00 Jackson . Ruth Gample and 0. 25 P. Lester , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Kansas City . Rev . S. 8. 00 Penfield , 6 ; Mary A. Kendrick , 2 Lamar . Cong . Ch . 4. 20 Springfield . “ Friends of 1. 00 Mission Work , ” by Rev . J. F. Graf Webster Groves . Cong . Ch . 4. 43 * KANSAS *, $ 3. 90 . Leavenworth . H. L. Varney , 6 Pkgs . S. S. Papers for Lexington , Ky. Wabaunsee . S. S. Class , 0. 50 Mrs. J. St. John , Teacher , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . Wellington . Sab . Sch . 3. 40 Cong . Ch . * NEBRASKA *, $ 164. 90 . Omaha . Saint Mary ’ s Ave. 37. 34 Cong . Ch . Santee Agency . Miss Edith 50. 00 Leonard Santee . Pilgrim Cong . 62. 31 Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Wilcox . Rev . and Mrs. S. 5. 00 L. Unger Wisner . First Cong . Ch . 10. 25 * NORTH DAKOTA *, $ 87. 49 . Dwight . Sab . Sch . of 5. 54 Cong . Ch . Fargo . Mrs. M. M. Fisher , 5. 00 for Wilmington , N. C. Farmington . Dwight Cong . 2. 50 Ch . Fort Berthold . Cong . Ch . 60. 00 and Sab . Sch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off ., 50 ; W. M. Soc . of Cong . Ch ., 10 Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , of North Dakota , by Mrs. J. M. Fisher , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Cummings . Mission Band 2. 25 Lisbon . L. M. S. 2. 20 Wahpeton . L. M. S. 10. 00 —— -  14. 45 * SOUTH DAKOTA *, $ 5. 25 . Faulkton . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Fort Pierre . Cong . Ch . 2. 25 Winfred . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 * MONTANA *, $ 12. 06 . Castle . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Helena . Cong . Ch . 7. 06 * IDAHO *, $ 2. 00 . Mount Home . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 * OKLAHOMA *, $ 2. 30 . Guthrie . Cong . Ch ., 2. 30 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . * ARIZONA *, $ 1. 54 . Nogales . Jr. Y. P. S. C. 1. 54 E ., by Olive C. Mix , Sec . * COLORADO *, $ 30. 50 . Boulder . Cong . Ch . 7. 50 Greeley . Jr. Y. P. S. C. 23. 00 E ., of Park Ch ., for Scholarship , Santee Indian Sch ., Neb . * CALIFORNIA *, $ 256. 61 . Etna Mills . Scott Valley 14. 61 Cong . Ch . North Berkeley . Cong . Ch . 12. 50 Redlands . Lugonia Terrace 10. 55 Ch . San Diego . Mrs. H. M. 1. 00 Butler , for Moorhead Sch ., Miss . San Francisco . The 200. 45 California Chinese Mission . William Johnstone , Treas . ( see items below ) Vacaville . Cong . Ch . 7. 50 Southern Cal . Woman ’ s Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. Mary M. Smith , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Redlands . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 W. M. S . * WASHINGTON *, $ 3. 00 . Sultan . C. W. Mercer 3. 00 * DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA *, $ 2. 00 . Washington . Miss C. L. 2. 00 Franklin , 1 ; Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Moore , 1 ; Lincoln Mem . Day Off . * MARYLAND *, $ 31. 00 . Baltimore . Wm . Wood , for 1. 00 Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va. Federalsburg . L. J . 30. 00 Deming , to const . MISS JANE DEMING L. M . * VIRGINIA *, $ 56. 00 . Cappahosic . Educational 50. 00 Club , for Gloucester Sch . Herndon Mrs. M. E. 5. 00 Leonhardt —— R. J. Pollard , 50c . ; 1. 00 H. West , 50c . for Gloucester Sch ., Cappahosic , Va . * KENTUCKY *, $ 11. 50 . Corbin . Cong . Ch ., 2. 25 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Evarts . Cong . Ch . 5. 25 Pioneer . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Red Ash . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 * TENNESSEE *, $ 135. 12 . Big Creek Gap . Cong . Ch . 1. 00 Deer Lodge . A. L. Ross 10. 00 Knoxville . L. A. Soc . 5. 00 Pilgrim Cong . Ch ., Jubilee Off . Knoxville . Miss I. F. Hubbard , 25 copies Gospel Hymns for Knoxville . Memphis . J. S. Menken , 100. 00 for Kindergarten , Memphis , Tenn. Nashville . Jackson St. 10. 12 Cong . Ch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Nashville . Rev . F. A . 9. 00 Chase , 5 , and for Student Aid , Fisk U ., 4 * NORTH CAROLINA *, $ 51. 80 . Beaufort . Cong . Ch ., for 2. 00 Student Aid , Talladega C. High Point . Cong . Ch ., 10. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Salem . Cong . Ch . 2. 50 Saluda . Rev . E. W. 30. 00 Hollies and wife , to const . MISS MARY C. PHELPS L. M. Wilmington . Cong . Ch ., 2. 30 Lincoln Mem . Day Off Woman ’ s Missionary Union , Miss A. E. Farrington , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Oaks . “ Friend , ” 4 ; Y. P. 5. 00 S. C. E ., 1 * SOUTH CAROLINA *, $ 20. 32 . Capello . Miss Cora B. Leach , Box C. for Greenwood , S. C. Charleston . President , 20. 32 Teachers , and Students , Avery Normal Inst ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . * GEORGIA *, $ 76. 72 . Andersonville . Two Bbls . C. and Sewing Room Supplies from Unknown Source . Athens . Cong . Ch ., 2. 68 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Atlanta . Prof. Bumsted , 50 copies Pamphlet speech of U. S. C. Harris , for Beach Inst . Cypress Slash . Cong . Ch ., 2. 81 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Macon . First Cong . Ch ., 10. 00 8. 24 ; Sab . Sch ., 1. 05 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 35c . ; Jr. Y. P. S. C. E ., 36c ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Macon . Mary E. Simonds , 4. 00 for Macon , Ga. McIntosh . Midway Ch . and 11. 68 Sab . Sch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . McIntosh . Miss S. J . 8. 00 Scott , 5 ; Prof. F. W. Foster , 3 , for Student Aid , McIntosh , Ga. Marietta . Cong . Ch ., 6. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Savannah . Sub . to McClure ’ s Mag . one year , from unknown source , for Beach Inst . Thomasville . Cong . Ch ., 30. 55 15. 55 ; Students and Teachers Allen Normal Sch ., 15 ; Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Woodville . Pilgrim Ch ., 1. 00 75c . ; Rev . J. H. H. Sengstacke , 25c . * ALABAMA *, $ 156. 48 . Anniston . Abraham Lincoln 5. 00 Cent . Soc ., by Rev . James Brown , Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Brewton . First Cong . Ch ., 3. 00 Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Childersburg . Cong . Ch ., 7. 03 3. 03 ; Rev . W. P. Hamilton , 1 ; Rev . Miles Harris , 50c . John West , 50c . ; Mrs. J . West , 50c . ; Miss Lucy Freeman , 50c . ; Mrs. Violet Jones , 50c . ; Mrs. Sallie Price , 50c . Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Florence . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Fort Payne . Cong . Ch . 6. 30 Ironaton . Rev . P. O . 3. 00 Wailes Jenifer . Colored Cong . 8. 50 Ch . and Sab . Sch ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Mobile . Cong . Ch ., 8. 57 ; 12. 10 A. L. Cent Soc ., 1. 46 ; Y. P. S. C. E ., 1. 07 ; Sab . Sch ., 1 , Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Selma . Rev . A. T. Burnell 10. 00 Selma . W. M. U ., for 5. 00 Indian M. Sylacauga . Cong . Ch . 1. 75 Talladega . Cong . Ch . 71. 80 ( 18. 05 Lincoln Mem . Day Off .) , 20. 55 ; Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch . ( 5. 26 Lincoln Mem . Day Off .) , 20. 50 ; Abraham Lincoln Cent . Soc . ( 5 of which from Mrs. F. C. Rice , Burlington , Vt .) , 29. 25 ; Annie Williams Mission Sab . Sch . 1. 50 Talladega . E. A. Bishop , 15. 00 12 ; Miss F. A. Frew , for Student Aid , 3 , for Talladega C. Talladega . E. C. Silsby , 5. 00 for Theo . Dept . Talladega C . * MISSISSIPPI *, $ 20. 10 . Meridian . “ An A. M. A . 10. 00 Teacher ” Moorhead . Pittsfield 0. 10 Tougaloo . Mrs. L. M. 10. 00 Sisson , for Tougaloo U . * LOUISIANA *, $ 82. 67 . Abberville . St. Mary 5. 00 Cong . Ch ., for Straight U ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . New Iberia . Saint Paul 4. 00 Cong . Ch . Woman ’ s Missionary Union of La ., by Mrs. C. M. Crawford , Treas ., for Woman ’ s Work : Hammond . Aux . 4. 10 Hammond . Sab . Sch . Cong . 3. 48 Ch . New Iberia . Aux . 1. 04 New Orleans . Straight U . 34. 00 Aux ., to const . MISS JENNIE FYFE L. M. New Orleans . Central Ch . 14. 00 Aux . Roseland . Aux . 7. 00 Welsh . Aux . 2. 00 By Mrs. L. St. J. Hitchcock : Belle Place . Aux . 3. 60 Morris Brown . Aux . 2. 66 New Iberia . Aux . 1. 49 Thebodeaux . Aux . 0. 30 —— -  73. 67 * FLORIDA *, $ 19. 50 . Cocoa , Mrs. J. S. 2. 00 Blackburn Georgiana . Mrs. Mary C. 10. 00 Munson Orange Park . Union Cong . 5. 00 Ch . Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Orange Park , C. E . Soc ., 2. 50 by Mrs. Fannie S. Baxter , Sec . * TEXAS *, $ 2. 37 . Goliad . Y. P. S. C. E ., 2. 37 by Mrs. G. B. Hallowell , Sec ., Lincoln Mem . Day Off . Donations $ 11 , 496. 59 Estates 27 , 183. 43 $ 38 , 680. 02 * TUITION *, $ 5 , 397. 91 . Cappahosic , Va . Tuition 19. 50 Lexington , Ky . Tuition 80. 75 Williamsburg , Ky . Tuition 214. 80 Grand View , Tenn . Tuition 48. 47 Knoxville , Tenn . Tuition 50. 50 Memphis . Tuition 880. 95 Nashville , Tenn . Tuition 773. 55 Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 65. 45 Tuition Beaufort , N. C. Tuition 16. 00 Blowing Rock , N. C. 19. 67 Tuition Chapel Hill , N. C. 15. 05 Tuition Enfield , N. C. Tuition 18. 00 Hillsboro , N. C. Tuition 26. 14 King ’ s Mountain , N. C. 34. 00 Tuition Saluda , N. C. Tuition 42. 75 Troy , N. C. Tuition 6. 14 Wilmington , N. C. Tuition 181. 25 Whittier , N. C. Tuition 12. 70 Charleston , S. C. Tuition 349. 80 Greenwood , S. C. Tuition 134. 64 Albany , Ga . Tuition 136. 00 Atlanta , Ga. Storrs Sch . 180. 70 Tuition Andersonville , Ga. 17. 50 Tuition Marietta , Ga . Tuition 2. 40 Macon , Ga . Tuition 226. 20 McIntosh , Ga . Tuition 104. 13 Savannah , Ga . Tuition 169. 73 Thomasville , Ga . Tuition 47. 25 Woodville , Ga . Tuition 2. 25 Athens , Ala . Tuition 62. 55 Joppa , Ala . Tuition 12. 81 Marion , Ala . Tuition 64. 85 Mobile , Ala . Tuition 86. 00 Nat , Ala . Tuition 22. 00 Selma , Ala . Tuition 107. 00 Talladega , Ala . Tuition 162. 25 Jackson , Miss . Tuition 104. 50 Meridian , Miss . Tuition 70. 50 Moorhead , Miss . Tuition 18. 15 Tougaloo , Miss . Tuition 117. 25 New Orleans , La . Tuition 498. 78 Martin , Fla. Public Fund 20. 00 Orange Park , Fla . Tuition 59. 65 Helena , Ark . Tuition 38. 35 Austin , Texas . Tuition 77. 00 —— -  5 , 397. 91 Total for February $ 44 , 077. 93 ========== * SUMMARY . * Donations $ 73 , 913. 94 Estates 52 , 837. 58 $ 126 , 751. 52 Income 4 , 129. 30 Tuition 18 , 808. 68 Total from Oct. 1 to Feb. $ 149 , 689. 50 29 =========== * FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . * Subscriptions for $ 59. 88 February Previously acknowledged 255. 80 Total $ 315. 68 RECEIPTS OF THE CALIFORNIA CHINESE MISSION : William Johnstone , Treas ., from January 16 to February 13 , 1896 . FROM LOCAL MISSIONS : Fresno . Chinese Mon . 5. 60 Offs . Los Angeles . Chinese Mon . 6. 30 Offs . Marysville . Chinese Mon . 7. 45 Offs . Oakland . Chinese Mon . 6. 00 Offs . Oroville . Chinese Mon . 1. 25 Offs . Petaluma . Chinese Mon . 2. 25 Offs . Riverside . Chinese Mon . 2. 55 Offs . Sacramento . Chinese Mon . 6. 50 Offs . Sacramento . Annual Membs 2. 00 San Bernardino . 6. 00 Anniversary Offs . San Diego . Chinese Mon . 5. 70 Offs . San Francisco . Bethany 2. 00 Ch . Annual Membs . San Francisco . Central . 6. 55 Ch ., Chinese Mon . Offs . San Francisco . West . Ch ., 3. 05 Chinese Mon . Offs . Santa Barbara . Chinese 7. 95 Mon . Offs . Santa Barbara . Gir . Chow . 3. 00 Santa Cruz . Chinese Mon . 6. 00 Offs . Ventura . Chinese Mon . 1. 25 Offs . Watsonville . Chinese Mon . 2. 00 Offs . —— -  83. 40 WOMAN ’ S HOME MISSIONARY UNION OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA , Mrs. Mary M. Smith , Treas . : North Pasadena . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 W. M. S. PERSONAL GIFTS : Lincoln , Cal . Rev . E. D. 6. 55 Hale , Parsonage Mite Box Blue Rapids , Kansas . Mrs. 0. 50 Blanche Tibbetts FOR CHINESE MOTHERS AND CHILDREN : Greenfield , Mass . Mrs. W. 10. 00 B. Washburn Stratford , Conn. Miss 20. 00 Cordelia Sterling Albany , N. Y . “ Friends , ” 70. 00 by Miss Janet McNaughton —— -  100. 00 Total $ 200. 45 ======= H. W. HUBBARD , Treas ., Bible House , N. Y .